1438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
By Mr. FARNSWORTII: The petition of Bigsby
E. Dodson, for back pension.
By Mr. KUYKENBALL: The petition of citizens
of Elizabethtown, Illinois, against the curtailment
of the currency.
By Mr. ROLLINS: The petition of S. D. Baldwin
and others, of Bennington, New Hampshire, pray-
ing that the five per cent, tax on manufactures be
removed.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 10, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. W. C. Van Meter, of New
York.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
a memorial of the Legislature of Wisconsin, in
favor of a grant of land to aid in the construc-
tion of the Green Bay and Lake Pepin railway;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, in favor of an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States provid-
ing that the Senators from each State shall be
chosen by the qualified electors thereof instead
of by the Legislature; which were referred to
tho Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of tho Territory of New Mex-
ico, in favor of an increase of the salaries of
the members and officers of the Legislative
Assembly, and an increase of tlie salaries of the
territorial officers of that Territory; which was
referred to the Committee on Territories.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of New Mex-
ico, in favor of an appropriation of money in
lien of the lands set apart in that Territory for
school purposes ; which was referred to the
Committee on Territories.
Ho also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of New Mex-
ico, in favor of an appropriation to indemnify
the citizens of that Territory who suffered loss
by tho revolution in 1847, and the Indian depre-
dation since that period; which was referred
to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of
citizens of Kansas, praying that tho late treaty
with the Osage Indians in that State bo so
amended as to give them the benefits of the
homestead and preemption law; which was
referred to tho Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. MORGAN presented resolutions of the
Legislature of New York, approving the action
of Congress in passing tho bill to regulate the
elective franchise in the District of Columbia;
which wera ordered to lie on the table.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. 11. No. 806) to equalize the
bounties of soldiers, sailors, and marines who
served in the late war for the Union, was read
twice by Us title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
bankrupt rill.
Mr. POLAND. The House of Representa-
tives have non-concurred in our amendments
to the bill (H. R. No. 598) to establish a uni-
form system of bankruptcy throughout tho Uni-
ted States. I move that the Senate insist on
its amendments, and ask for a conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to; and the Presi-
dent pro tempore being authorized to appoint
the eonferees on the part of the Senate, Messrs.
Poland, Morgan, and McDougall were ap-
pointed.
bailiffs, etc., of coorts in' district.
Mr. MORRILL. The House has disagreed
to our amendment to tho bill (H. R. No. 356)
fixing tho compensation for the bailiffs and
criers of the courts of the District of Colum-
bia, and asked for a conference on the disa-
greeing votes. I move that the Senate insist
on its amendment, and agree to the conference
asked by the House.
The motion was agreed to; and the Presi-
dent pro tempore being authorized to appoint
the conferees, Mr. Morrill, Mr. Conness,
and Mr. Patterson were appointed.
direct tax of west virginia.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The joint resolution
(S. R. No. 90) to suspend temporarily the collec-
tion of the direct tax within the State of West
Virginia has been returned from the House of
Representatives', with""a message concurring in
our amendments, except that one which strikes
out the sixth section of the House amendment,
and asking a conference. I move that the
Senate insist on its action, and agree to the con-
ference.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Van
Winkle, Mr. Howe, and Mr. Davis were ap-
pointed the committee on the part of the Sen-
ate by the President pro tempore.
reports of committees.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee' on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred tho petition of
John Kirkwood, of Arkansas, have directed me
to report it back, and ask to be discharged from
its further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Claims. The Committee
on Public Lands are impressed with the reason-
ableness and justice of this claim, but think the
relief asked for cannot be appropriately re-
ported upon by them, and it would establish a
precedent that has never been sot by this Gov-
ernment. While the claim may be very just,
it is proper for the consideration of the Com-
mittee on Claims.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (II. R. No. 213) to extend the pro-
visions of the act in regard to agricultural col-
leges, to the State of Tennessee, reported it
with an amendment.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 571) to amend
an act entitled ''An act granting lands to tho
State of Kansas to aid in the construction of
a southern branch of the Union Pacific rail-
way, and the telegraph from Fort Riley, Kan-
sas, to Fort Smith, Arkansas," approved July
26, 1806, reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 473) making agri-
cultural and mechanical college scrip receiv-
able in payment for preemption claims, re-
ported adversely thereon.
Mr. FRELINGIIUYSBN, from the Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred the
bill (II. R. No. 818) for the relief of Norman
Wiard, reported it without amendment, and
submitted a report, which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HOWE, from tho Committee on Claims,
to whom were referred the following bills,
reported adversely thereon :
A bill (H. R. No. 483) for the relief of Nor-
man J. Hall;
A bill (H. R. No. 531) for the relief of the
legal representatives of Major John A. Whitall,
late paymaster in the United States Army, de-
ceased, on account of lost or stolen vouchers;
and
A bill (H. R. No. 824) for the relief of
Edward Blanchard.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to state that those are
all bills to relieve disbursing officers on account
of money expended for which the vouchers
were lost; and upon consultation with the Sec-
ond Comptroller of the Treasury we are advised
that there is no necessity for these acts of relief,
that all these cases are covered by a law, passed
in May last I think, which authorizes all such
disbursing officers to appeal to the Court of
Claims, and upon showing the loss of their
vouchers and the amount of tlieir payments,
the court enters a judgment which the officers
of the Treasury carry into execution. I send
with these papers to the desk a letter from the
Second Comptroller on that point.
_Mr. MORRILL. The Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
petition of Louis Schadc and others, who sign
themselves naturalized citizens and immigrants
in the District of Columbia, and also a petition
of Henry Kellogg and numerous other persons
of Pennsylvania, have had the same under
consideration, and instructed me to make a
report. The petitioners ask that the right of
the elective franchise may be conferred upon
that portion of the petitioners who style them-
selves immigrants. Therefore, the prayer of
these naturalized citizens, and immigrants,
whom the committee can regard in no other
light than as aliens, strangers to our jurisdic-
tion, subjects of foreign jurisdictions, and, I
suppose, all of them subjects of the monarchies
of Europe, is that such persons should share
in the making and administration of the laws
which, according to our theory of government,
the committee supposed to be devolved exclu-
sively upon the American people. There does
not appear to be anything in the circumstances
of these people which should lead the committee
to make them an exception to the general
principle applicable to foreigners. They do
not claim to have performed any service for
the country in its recent struggle ; they do not
profess any particular sympathy with repub-
lican institutions or with popular rights, and,
therefore, thoro is nothing, so far as these facts
might tend, to make their case at all peculiar.
They seem to have conceived the idea that the
right of citizenship was personal in this country,
and they lay their claim to the exercise of the
elective franchise, in this particular instance,
upon the general assumption that they are of
the Caucasian race, that they are alhvhite, and
that their associates from foreign countries are
at least as favorably known for their wealth and
refinement and influence as a certain other
class of persons upon whom they suppose Con-
gress has recently conferred the elective fran-
chise. It seems to have been based upon that
idea, on the idea that Congress had regarded
tlic question of the elective franchise as one of
personal merit. Tho committee instruct me
to report adversely to theprayerof the petitions,
and I move that the committee be discharged
from their further consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
credentials.
Mr. LANE. I take pleasure in presenting
the credentials of Hon. Oliver P. Morton,
elected a Senator by the Legislature of the
State of Indiana for the term of six years com-
mencing on the 4th day of March, 1867.
The credentials were read, and ordered tobo
filed.
bills introduced.
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
609) allowing the duties on foreign merchan-
dise imported' into the port of Albany io be
secured and paid at that place; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
610) in relation to a certain tract of land in
Burlington, Iowa; which was read twice by
its title, and*referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
alexander f. pratt.
On motion by Mr. WILLIAMS, the Senate
proceeded to consider the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the bill of the
Senate (S. No. 435) for the relief of Alexander
F. Pratt. The amendment was to strike out
"$530" and insert "$300."
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
concur in the amendment.
Tho motion was agreed to.
gold mines east of rocky sioun'tains.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
JResotved, That ten thousand copies of the letter
of'the Secretary of the Treasury of February 13,
1867, transmitting to the House of Representatives a
report by James \V. Taylor, upon gold and silver
mines and mining oast of the Rooliy mountains, bo
