1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
675
removed to another part of the territory, taking
with her the infant children of d'Autrive. This
tract of land, therefore, was abandoned, and
when the territory came into the hands of the
United States it was unoccupied. The United
States took possession of this tract of land and
have disposed of it.
The matter was placed in the hands of Ed-
ward Livingston, who was a member of this
body I believe at one time, and a member of
the Cabinet in 1821, and remained in his
hands for management and presentation to the
Government for many years ; but he neglected
it, paid no attention to it, so far as the ease
shows. In 1835 an act of Congress was passed
' allowing claims under Spanish and French
grants in Louisiana to be presented to the re-
gister and receiver of lands in that land district.
This claim was presented to those officers and
examined with great care obviously. Their
report shows that they examined it with atten-
tion, and they reported in favor of the con-
firmation of this grant; but Congress never
acted upon it. This report was made, I think,
in 1837.
In 1844 another act of Congress was passed
allowing claimants in Louisiana to present
their claims to the district court of the district
in which the lands were located. This claim
was brought before the district court in New
Orleans and very fully examined by Judge
McCaleb, the judge of the district court at that
placeand he wrote a very elaborate opinion
on the subject, in which he confirms this grant.
But there was an appeal from the decision of
the district court, as was authorized by the law,
to the Supreme Court of the United States, and
the Supreme Court reversed that decision upon
technical grounds, upon the ground that in
this particular case the district court had no
jurisdiction ; not, however, having examined
the case at all upon its merits ; so that both
these applications have in fact failed, although
the reports were decidedly in favor of the claim
upon its merits.
Then the case was brought before Congress,
and it has been before Congress three or four
times. In 1860 a full report was made by the
Committee on Private Land Claims in the
House, and the bill passed there. In 1863
another report was made in favor of the claim,
and the bill again passed. On one occasion a
report was made in this body in favor of the
claim, and it passed here; but on all these oc-
casions the bill failed to pass in the other
House; so that it never became a law. Now,
the Committee on Private Land Claims, upon
a very full examination of- the facts, have re-
ported in favor of the claim. They report only
m favor of one of the claimants. As to the
claimants residing in Louisiana, the committee
are not aware of their condition as to loyalty,
and they therefore report for only one sixth of
the claim, in favor of the estate of Mr. Bou-
ligny, who, at the time of the breaking out of
the rebellion, was a member of the House of
Representatives, and a loyal man, and who
died in this city in 1864, leaving a widow and
two children. This bill awards to that family
the one sixth of the claim.
Mr. HENDERSON. How much is that?
Mr. HARRIS. Seventy-fiye thousand acres.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not understand from
the statement of the honorable Senator how
the claimants in this case became entitled to
this land. In what way were they related to
the family that occupied the land and aban-
doned it?
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Bouligny was one of the
descendants of d'Autrive, to whom the land
was confirmed by the Spanish governor, and
was entitled as heir-at-law of d'Autrive to one
sixth of the claim.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I understand that this
is for seventy-five thousand acres of land, and
that it is only one sixth part of the whole
amount which will be claimed if the other
claimants come forward and show their loyalty.
That will amount to over four hundred thou-
sand acres of the public lands appropriated to
a claim which, upon its statement, is certainly
very ancient in its origin, and I presume doubt-
ful in character, from the fact that it has not
heretofore received the indorsement of Con-
gress, that is, of both Houses, when there was
leisure for its consideration. Now, sir, I am
unwilling to vote so large and enormous a claim
upon a brief verbal statement made in this
Chamber and without an examination of the
papers. It seems, upon the very face of that
statement, that the party or parties entitled to
this land at one time abandoned it, gave up
altogether their claim, went off to another sec-
tion of the country; and that in that condition,
when the lands were entirely abandoned, when
there was no claim in behalf of any private
party, the United States assumed jurisdiction
over them and proceeded to sell them out, and
the country was settled, improved, and brought
into cultivation. When it became very valu-
able, at a subsequent period of time, we do not
know how long, some of the parties came for-
ward and revived their ancient pretensions.
I confess, sir, that I do not feel much in-
clined to vote for these ancient claims. We
are asked to administer equity or favor in the
third or fourth generation frequently on ac-
count of some alleged injustice committed
upon the ancestors of a claimant two or three
generations back—fifty years back, one hun-
ared.years back. I think we ought to confine
ourselves to those cases of claims recent in
their origin and unquestioned in their justice
which are before Congress in both Houses. I
believe the House of Representatives at the
last session adopted a rule that they would
investigate and pay no claim whatever i0- any
of the States which were engaged in this rebel-
lion, no matter whether the claimant was a
loyal person or not. That House deliberately
shut the doors of Congress against any claim-
ant whatever for any claim of recent origin,
any claim that is new, no matter how merito-
rious it may. That is the existing condition
of this subject of claims. Why then, sir, yon
should pass by recent claims which you can
investigate, why you should pass by claims in
favor even of loyal persons in the southern
country who have peculiar claims upon you,
why you should pass by claims which you can
investigate upon fresh evidence, and go back
and revive these ancient claims, I cannot under-
stand. I shall vote, at present, without an
opportunity to investigate this subject further,
to postpone this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is. Shall the bill be engrossed and read a
third time?
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move to postpone
the further consideration of the bill for the
present.
Mr. HARRIS. I hope the bill will not be
postponed. The Senate is as ready to act upon
it perhaps as ever it will be. All that can be
said against the claim, all that is said by the
Senator from Pennsylvania is, that it is an old
claim. It has been examined very often and
by different tribunals, by committees of this
House, by committees of the House of Repre-
sentatives, by the district court of Louisiana,
by the receiver of the land office, and they
have always, whenever it has been examined,
reported favorably upon it. There has never
been an adverse report, never been a word
against the claim; and all that can be said
against it now is that it is a large claim, and
that it has been of long standing. I hope the
Senate will act upon it.
Mr. BROWN. I have had my attention
called to this case for the-first time this morn-
ing by the statement of the chairman of the
committee that has reported it. It is certainly
a case of a great deal of magnitude and involv-
ing a great many questions that I am not pre-
pared to pass upon at this moment. I think
it would be better if it should be accompanied
by some printed statement of the facts and of
the evidence laid on our table, so that we may
have some opportunity of examining it, and at
least have an opportunity of reading and pon-
dering more carefully the statements which
have been made in connection with it. I have
no doubt but what the chairman of the com-
mittee is fully satisfied in his own mind of the
propriety of this claim and the propriety of
this action; but it is a matter which each of us
I think ought to have some reasonable oppor-
tunity of satisfying ourselves about. I mere-
fore hope that the motion which is made by the
Senator from Pennsylvania, that this .case be
laid over or postponed until we have some
report of that sort laid before us, may prevail.
Mr. CONNESS. It is just in this way that
this claim has been postponed so long. If it
be not passed upon until every member of Con-
gress shall fully understand it and go through
the voluminous examinations that have hereto-
fore been made, it will never be passed upon at
all. It will be remembered, Mr. President, that
there is a constant tendency with our Govern-
ment to postpone and procrastinate the deter-
mination of land titles, particularly titles that
originated in former foreign territories before
our Government came in possession of them.
For instance, twenty and more years have
already passed since the United States acquired
the Territory, now the State, of California, from
Mexico. The titles .of American citizens to
lands in that Territory could have been settled
in two years after the United States obtained
possession, justly to the Government and justly
to the claimants; but twenty years of time have
passed and those cases are far from being set-
tled, and in the mean time many of the claim-
ants have been reduced to utter beggary by the
procrastination and the difficulties and the em-
barrassments placed in the way of their obtain-
ing the most simple justice by the Government
of the United States. Now, sir, what examin-
ation can we make of a case like th.s but to
commit it to our most careful committees and
receive their reports'in the premises ? I con-
fess that I am indisposed to further delay the
case, and I hope the Senate will vote upon it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I recollect that this
claim was thoroughly considered by Mr. Crit-
tenden, of Kentucky, while he was a member
of this body, and that he took great interest in
it, and approved it. and desired its passage;
and from what I have learned of the claim I
have no doubt that it is just and proper. I
shall therefore vote against any postponement,
and in favor of the passage of the bill.
Mr. BROWN. 1 suggest to the Senator
from Pennsylvania whether it would not be a
more proper motion to move that this bill bo
recommitted, with instructions to the committee
to make a written report setting forth the facts
in the case.
Mr. BUCKALEW. If the Senator desires
to submit that motion I will withdraw mine.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Pennsylvania withdraw his mo-
tion ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Yes, sir.
Mr. BROWN. I move then to recommit
the bill with instructions to that effect.
Mr. STEWART. I hope that motion will
not prevail. The Senator from New York has
said that he has made a very thorough investi-
gation of the claim. I believe from what I
know in such cases that these dilatory motions
have produced the very results complained of
here, that is, the presentation of old claims.
After a Senator has taken great pains to in-
vestigate a subject of this kind, which requires
lengthy investigation, and there have been
several reports 'upon it, I think it should be
acted upon.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think I know enough
of this class of claims to justify me in express-
ing the opinion that Senators individually will
never be able to investigate this particular
Case. I suppose there is no Senator who would
not be willing to leave the adjudication in re-
gard to a piece of land to the distinguished
chairman of the Committee on Private Land
Claims, who came to this body from the supreme
court of his own State; and I need not refer
to the other gentlemen of the committee, gen-
tlemen eminent in the profession. Their ad-
