1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
69
39th Coxg. ... 2d Sbss.
The Tariff—Mr. Sherman.
Senate.
ithe stronger section) will be bo educated, fos-
tered. and strengthened, as to insure their con-
tinued possession of placc and power. They
will, to keep alive forever sectional jealousy ;
and hatred, persistently reiterate the charge
of southern disloyalty as furnishing a sufficient
reason and excuse for depriving these people of
their representation in Congress. If a loyal man
comes here and asks admission, and if the State
he represents has adopted the constitutional
amendment, you say you will admit him. What
right have you to inquire into the loyalty of a
member? And when you do inquire, what
would you ask? Your inquiry would be sub-
stantially this: '"Are you humble; are you
repentant: have you changed your opinions
and feelings; are you willing now to subscribe
to our dominion, and admit not only that all
we have done is right, but all that we may do
hereafter will be right. ?" [Laughter.] And if
he answers in the negative you may pronounce
him disloyal.
It is upon such a miserable and unreasonable
pretext as this that you deprive these States
of their right of representation on this floor.
The negroes are your friends, and they and
the felons and jail-birds are to be admitted to
the right of suffrage and allowed to hold office
in these States by your bill; and of such persons
will be composed the membership of the pro-
posed conventions, the miserable creatures
that are claimed to be enfranchised by your
civil rights bill, the reckless and unprincipled
adventurers from the North who have overrun '
the South to plunder both the white man and \
the negro ; camp followers, sutlers, Army con-
tractors, and discharged convicts, are the kind
and character of persons to whom will be com-
mitted, by the operation of this bill, the gov-
ernments of these States, and who, should it be
passed and carried into execution, will send
Representatives, "loyal" Representatives, to
this House. My God! what a representation
it will be. [Laughter.]
I have heard the question asked sometimes,
" Would you like to be President of the United
States, and receive an embassador from Hay ti;
would you like to sit at table with a fragrant
African on one side of you?" And I have
heard the answer made, "I would never serve
in a body where the black man occupied that
position on terms of equality with me."
These are the kind of men that are to make
these new governments, overturn the existing
governments,and send "loyal" representatives
to Congress. Now, we understand all this,
and the country ought to understand it. It is
all a miserable scheme of public policy to de-
stroy the political force and influence of the
southern States as members of the Union,
devised by a party whose adherents are loudest
in professions of devotion to free government
and of love of liberty. Ah, sir, Madame Bo-
land exclaimed during the bloodiest period of
the French Revolution, " Oh, Liberty, what
crimes are committed in thy name!" These
men claim to be the special advocates of human
liberty and equal rights. They say they must
put their friends, their loyal friends, in pos-
session of the State governments and then they
will send loyal delegations to represent them
in Congress. Oh, yes, the^ will send loyal
delegations! So this bill, if executed, will in
effect establish corrupt and despotic local gov-
ernments for all those States, and place in all
the offices the most ignorant, degraded, and
corrupt portion of their population, who would
rule and ruin without honesty or skill the actual
property holders and native inhabitants, mak-
ing insecure life, liberty^ and property, and
still holding those States in their Federal rela-
tions subject to the most rapacious, fierce, and
unrelenting despotism that ever existed, that
of a vindictive and hostile party majority of a
Congress in which they have no voice or repre-
sentation, and by which irresponsible majority
they would be mercilessly oppressed for that
very reason ; and this will be continued I fear
until the country shall again be precipitated
into civil war. Wo think the design and pur-
pose of this unwise and malignant policy is
understood bv the representatives in the Con-
gress of the iTnited States. But the country
should understand it also, because it is irnpos- 1
sible that the American people should long
sustain a party who do everything they please;,
who engage in all sorts of usurpation, and who
sustain all sorts of monstrous and vile meas- J
ures, unwarranted by constitutional law, sub-
versive of republican government, and destruc-
tive to the Union of the States. They will not
sustain them when they have full knowledge
and are enabled to understand the purpbses
they have in view. !
Sir, I am not speaking to that party. What
I say I say to the country in the hope that
what goes forth to the people of truth and
reason will influence the public judgment, in
time, by a change of rulers, to avert the im-
pending ruin now threatening the whole coun- !
try. I could make, sir, a series of charges
against that party, the truth of which would
find its verification in the history of the times,
including the period intervening between the
date of their advent to power and the present
moment, that when understood and believed
by a free people would overthrow any party in
any civilized community in the world. I have
not time to do that now. We can do nothing
with them by argument. We can do nothing by
holding up the written Constitution and the laws.
They are ruling, dominant, fierce, and triumph-
ant, with such force and powers of numbers
that, in the exultant spirit of present possession
and fnlBtion, they are made blind to the adverse
destiny which surely awaits them. Now, in
the very zenith of their power they will tri-
umphantly carryall their monstrous measures,
tending to produce consolidation of all the
powers of the Government of the United States,
executive, judicial, as well as legislative, ana
of all the States, in the hands of the dominant
majority of this the legislative branch of the
Government.
They have deliberately engaged in an uncon-
stitutional scheme for subverting the executive
power of this Government, and to-day a mon-
strous bill was proposed and referred to a
committee by a party majority to overthrow the
judicial department of the Government, to
overthrow it in all its material characteristics,
in regard to its main power of subserving the
grand object had in view in the creation of
independent departments of the Government.
What is the Constitution but a paper with
writing upon it—intelligible writing? How
can you sustain this Constitution; how can you
command respect for its provisions, save by an
adherence to it and by keeping within its
restraints, and it secured in such respect and
restraint by an independent judiciary ?
The history of this Congress will show how
little respect a dominant majority has for con-
stitutional law, and how gloomy would be the
hope or prospect of avoiding legislative en-
croachment and usurpation without the exist-
ence of an independent judicial department of
government of powers sufficient to check the
inroads of the Legislature upon the Constitu- -
tion.
It was well known by the wise and sagacious
men who framed the Constitution of the United
States that that Constitution would not be re-
spected by a dominant party majority in Con-
gress, especially when it attained to a two-third
vote, since it would then
"Play such fantastic tricks before high heaven.
As mako the angels weep."
The framers of the Constitution foresaw this,
and hence they provided that there should be a
judicial department of the Government, and
that the judges should be independent of the
legislative department, should hold their places
for life, and should only be removed by im-
peachment in. the most solemn form. Why
was this done ? It was in order that the peo-
ple might rely upon that department of the
Government as standing as a breakwater, as
an intervening wall of defense against the in-
vasions and usurpations of Congress in behalf
and in defense of the rights of the States and of
the people.
Not only was the judicial department thus
created and for this purpose, but knowing that
a check of that sort was necessary to preserve
constitutional rule there was an executive de-
partment created for the same identical pur-
pose, an executive department in which was
lodged all executive power. The only officer
known to the Constitution in which that power
is vested is the President. And it is necessary
only to ascertain the distinction as to what is
legislative and what is executive power in order
to know whether any given power belongs to Con-
gress or to the President of the United States.
He comes in with his beneficent conservative
power and authority placed by the Constitution
in his hands of putting a veto upon the un-
constitutional action of the legislative branch
of the Government, which power can never be
overcome except by a vote of two thirds of
each House of Congress, as has been the case
here lately, and as will undoubtedly be the
case repeatedly hereafter. And our only hope
of the preservation of a free Government is in
the judicial department of the Government, and
in the decisions of the Supreme Court pro-
nouncing your acts unconstitutional and void.
The TariCf.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN SHERMAN,
of ohio,
In the Senate or the United States,
January 23, 1867.
The Senate having under consideration the bill to
provide increased revenue from imports—
Mr. SHERMAN said:
Mr. President: Before the vote is taken on
the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island I think it right that I should state the'
general views which have controlled my action
as a member of the Committee on Finance,
and which will control my vote on this and the
various propositions of amendment that will
be submitted to the Senate.
I listened yesterday with great pleasure to
the speech of my honorable friend from New
Jersey, [Mr. Cattell,] and was generally
pleased with its tenor and scopc. It sounded
like a good old-fashioned Whig protective
speeeh—the school in which I was educated,
the faith in which I was taught, and in which
I yet have confidence. But, sir, it seemed to
me that the Senator from New Jersey, in his
zeal for protection, forgot that we were now
legislating under peculiar circumstances, and
are compelled to look at a state of facts far
different from those that existed before the
recent war.
In considering so complicated a subject as a
tariff nothing can be more deceptive than the
application of such general phrases as a "pro-
tective tariff," a " revenue tariff," a " free-trad e
tariff.'' Every law imposi ng a duty on imported
goods is necessarily a restraint on trade. It
imposes a burden upon the purchase and sale
of imported goods and tends to prevent their
importation. The expression a "free-trade
tariff" involves an absurdity. Free trade
implies a trade without restriction, while any
tariff is a restriction on trade. A duty of ten
per cent, is a limitation on trade as well as a
duty of one hundred per cent., and they differ
only in degree. So the phrase a_" protective
tariff'' may be applied to every bill imposing
duties on imported goods.
The first tariff act, passed soon after the form-
ation of the Constitution, was called a "pro-
tective tariffone of its leading objects, as
declared by Washington, was to foster and
