1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1489
prin ted for the use of the Senate; and that one thou-
sand^! said extra copies bo placed at the disposal of
the becrutary of the Treasury.
BLOCK ISLAND.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I present resolutions of
the Legislature of Rhode Island in favor of
the building of a breakwater at Block Island ;
and I wish at the same time to introduce a
joint resolution and ask the attention of the
Senate for a few moments to this important
subject.
Since I have received the resolutions of the
Legislature, I have examined the record in
relation to the situation of this island. The
island is ten miles and a half from the south-
ernmost coast of the State of Rhode Island.
The State of Rhode Island holds jurisdic-
tion over this island, which is eight mites long
and from two to five miles wide. It has a
pond or lake, which in early times, in a peti-
tion presented to the Legislature of Rhode
Island, was said to have a capacity sufficient
to float the entire British navy. Between it
and the waters of the sea is but a slight obstruc-
tion. The agitation since it became a part
of the State of Rhode Island has been with a
view to cut into that lake, and thus in mid-
ocean find a safe harbor of refuge both for the
coastwise commerce of the country and for
foreign commerce. It stands at the eastern
outlet of Long Island sound. The commerce
going to New York passes within easy dis-
tance of Block Island. It is quite apparent to
those familiar with our coast that vessels many
times approach that vicinity and are by unfavor-
able winds driven out into the ocean, and loss
is frequently occasioned thereby. The inhab-
itants of this island will number in 1870 two
thousand people. They have at present no
accommodations, no harbor.
Mr. President, this is one of the most inter-
esting subjects I have been called upon to
examine. This island was in 1622 occupied
by the Xarragansett tribe of Indians, and in
the wars which they waged with the Pequods
the island changed hands many times, and was
the battle-ground of many of the most severe
and sanguinary contests known in Indian war-
fare. In 1664 the island became a part of the
jurisdiction of Rhode Island. It was a bone
of contest between Connecticut, Massachusetts,
and Rhode Island, but from that period it was
held as a part of Rhode Island, and has ever
since sent its Representatives to the Legislature
of Rhode Island.
It may not be known (o every member of
this body that Rhode Island sent into the
Navy of the United States its first commander-
in-chief. It may not be known that of the
eighteen officers who performed the first naval
exploit in the Revolution, eight were from
that State. It may not be known that the first
naval contest waged with Great Britain was
fought mainly by the men and the officers who
manned the vessels from Providence that
brought to you arms and supplies of ammuni-
tion to wage your war of the Revolution. It
may not be known that the first naval contest
of the Revolution was fought in the vicinity of
the island that I am now here to speak for.
Sir. the men who performed these exploits
were of this population, and they have from
that day to this, whether as officers or as men,
occupied positions in your Navy. And why
should it not be so'? They are in the midst
of the sea, and must be sailors. It is their
education. Brought up amid the dangers of
ocean, they are taught to look upon them
without concern, and when their country calls
them into its service, they know no danger to
deter them. They are materials for your
Navy, they are materials for your commercial
marine. The island stands in the midst ot
the sea, where your Navy and your commercial
marine may find refuge in times of danger.
I look witli great concern at the condition
of the commerce of the country,. and I desire
that whatever can be done for its improvement
may be done by my vote or by any influence
that I may bring to bear; and I know of no
better wav to facilitate commerce than to fur-
nish safe and commodious harbors for the
refuge, not only of your war vessels, but of
your commercial marine.
From 1G64 till 1773 Rhode Island appropri-
ated means and money to facilitate the com-
merce between this island and the main land,
inadequate of course during the storms of ocean
as of the inclement season for any fixed pur-
pose. She now requires attention to the sub-
ject to-day, and in times gone by she has re-
quired that attention. In 1838 the two Houses
of Congress passed resolutions directing the
attention of the Departments to this subject,
and authorizing a favorable report in regard
to this island. But, sir, those who were actors
at that time have passed away. The State soon
afterward entered upon her revolutionary con-
test, and from that time till the present day
that contest has absorbed the attention of that
people. I refer to the contest for the estab-
lishment of a permanent republican form of
government, commencing in 1842 with the
convulsions growing out of charter privileges.
That people have only now, through trials and
difficulties, been able to stand firmly upon what
is deemed a republican form of government.
Rhode Island gave to the service in the revo-
lutionary war its first negro regiment. She in
1842 gave the first votes to the negro popula-
tion in that State. She in the last war for the
Union gave to the country the example of
calling into service the first negro regiments.
She has, therefore, been far in advance of her
times.
Then, sir, on account of the record this
people have made, on account of the fitness
of these men, in the midst of the ocean, to
perform active, efficient parts in your Navy, in
consequence of the appropriations heretofore
made by that State for the purpose of furnish-
ing adequate accommodations for the advan-
tage of commerce—and there is no interest in
which I have more concern, no interest to the
prosperity of which I would devote myself
with more earnestness—on all of these ac-
counts I ask that the Committee on Commerce
may receive this proposition with that favor
which it is entitled to ; and when it comes be-
fore this body I ask that they may give it the
favorable consideration which, from my con-
templation of it, I know it is entitled to. I
present my joint resolution.
By unanimous consent, leave was given to
introduce the joint resolution (S. R. No. 174)
for the erection of a breakwater on Block
Island; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
ALLOTMENT OF SUPREME JUDGES.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, the bill
(S. No. 531) to provide for the allotment of
the members of the Supreme Court among the
circuits, and for the appointment of marshals
for the Supreme Court and for the District of
Columbia, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
The first section provides that the Chief Jus-
tice of the United States and the associate jus-
tices of the Supreme Court shall be allotted
among the circuits now existing by order of
the court; and whenever a new allotment shall
be required or found expedient by reason of
alteration of one or more circuits, or of the
new appointment of a Chief Justice or asso-
ciate justice, or otherwise, it shall be the duty
of the court to make it; and if a new allot-
ment -shall become necessary at any other time
than during the term, the allotment shall be
made by the Chief Justice, and shall be bind-
ing until the next term, and until a new allot-
ment by the court.
The second section authorizes the Supreme
Court, upon the nomination of the Chief Jus-
tice, to appoint a marshal for the said court,
whose compensation shall be $3,500 per annum.
The marshal is to take charge of all property
of the United States used by the court or its
members, and to serve and execute all process
and orders issuing out of the court, or made
by the Chief Justice or an associate justice,
in pursuance of law : and he is to pay into the
Treasury of the United States all fees and com-
pensation allowed by law, and render a true
account thereof, at the close of each term, to
the Secretary of the Interior. The marshal,
with the approval of the Chief Justice, may
appoint assistants and messengers in place of
the crier and messengers now employed, with
such compensation as is or may be allowed to
officers of the House of Representatives of
similar grade; and all acts and parts of acts
now in force relating to the marshal of the
District of Columbia are to apply to the mar-
shal of the Supreme Court, except in so far as
the act otherwise provides.
Section three authorizes the supreme court
of the District of Columbia to appoint a mar-
shal of the United States for the District of
Columbia, whose powers and duties shall be
the same as the powers and duties of the mar-
shal of the United States for the District of
Columbia under existing laws; and he is to
receive the same compensation for his services
as the marshal now receives for like services ;
and from and after such appointment the office
of the marshal now held under appointment
by the President is to cease and determine.
The Committee on the Judiciary proposed
two amendments to the bill: in section two
after "courts" in line two to strike out" upon
the nomination of the Chief Justice," and to
strike out the third section.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. JOHNSON. When this bill was before
the Judiciary Committee an amendment was
suggested which met the approbation of all the
committee, to strike out the clause requiring
the appointment of a marshal by the court to
be on the nomination of one of the judges.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That has been stricken
out.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is right.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and was read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend the
title to conform to the bill as amended, so as
to read: "A bill to prove for the allotment of
the members of the Supreme Court among the
circuits, and for the appointment of a marshal
for the Supreme Court.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the House had agreed to the amendment of
the Senate to the bill of the House (H. R. No.
903) making appropriation for the payment of
invalid and other pensions of the United States
for the year ending June 30, 1807.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
hills ; and they were thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 431) providing for the
punishment of certain crimes therein named
in the District of Columbia, and for other
purposes ;
A bill (H. R. No. 571) to regulate proceed-
ings before justices of the peace in the District
of Columbia, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 788) to establish and pro-
tect national cemeteries ;
A bill (II. R. No. 848) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to incorporate the National
Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphan Home," ap-
proved July 25, 18G6; _ _
A bill (H". R. No. 903) making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and other pensions
of the United States for the year ending June
30, 1868 ; , , ,
A bill (H. R. No. 907) to amend the law of
the District of Columbia in relation to judicial
proceedings therein ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1044) for the relief of
John Gray, a revolutionary soldier;
A bill (H. R. No. 1045) for the relief of
