70
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 23,
Sexate.
The Tariff—Mr. Sherman.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
.protect American manufactures, and yet the
general rate of duties was but ten per cent, ad
valorem. On the other hand, the tariff of 1840
is commonly known as a " free-trade tariff,"
and yet the rate of duty levied by it averaged
twenty-four and a half percent. Every duty
on imported merchandise gives to the domestic
manufacturer an advantage equal to the duty,
and to that extent every tariff is a protective
tariff. When the duty is so high as to prevent
importation it ceases to be a "tariff" and
becomes a " commercial regulation." So the
general term a " revenue tariff" as descriptive
of a tariff is deceptive and is simply tautology.
Every tariff bill is a "revenue tariff." The
word "tariff" implies revenue, and means a
rate of taxation on imported goods. It is
simply a mode of taxation adopted by all
commercial nations as the most certain, con-
venient, and least expensive form of taxation.
The common meaning attached to the phrase
a "revenue tariff" is a general ad valorem
tax on imported goods, without regard to the
domestic manufacture. Such a tariff has never
existed in any commercial country, least in all
in Great Britain, where the duties are carefully
levied to encourage their own manufactures.
They do not now levy duties on manufactures
for the same reason tfcat we do not care to
levy a duty on anthracite coal. By a vast
accumulation of capital, and by severe com-
mercial restrictions maintained for one hundred
years, they have a substantial monopoly of
important branches of industry. They do not
levy duties on such goods because none are
imported into Great Britain, and the tariff on
them would produce as little revenue as your
duty on anthracite coal.
These general phrases, if not always decep-
tive, are totally inapplicable to any tariff law
that any one would propose for the United
States now. Free trade, if it means a mutual
exchange of commodities with foreign nations
without restrictions, is impossible. Our neces-
sities compel us to tax every form of property
or production. Every hour of domestic labor
contributes some portion of its product to the
wants of the nation. Under these circum-
stances it is the plainest principle of political
economy that we should so frame our tariff
laws as to produce the largest possible income
from imported goods. •Revenue is the first,
highest, and most pressing want, and it must
be so levied as to do the least harm to our own
industry. It is in the application of this ob-
vious principle that all the difficulty in framing
a tariff law exists. This cannot be done by
applying any general rate or rule to all arti-
cles. We must discriminate between articles
of luxury and articles of necessity ; between
articles that may be produced in our country
and articles mainly produced abroad; between
raw materials necessary to the domestic man-
ufacture and completed products of industry.
The rate of duty must be modified by a mul-
titude of circumstances as varied as human
knowledge, and with details far more difficult
than any subject of legislation.
Nor can we now consider the question as we
should before the war. Then we had an op-
portunity to choose between imported articles ;
we might throw off the duty upon necessities,
such as coffee and tea and various articles,
because such duties were not necessary for
revenue nor useful for protection ; but now we
are compelled to levy high duties upon every-
thing, not only upon articles of absolute neces-
sity the duty upon which will undoubtedly add
to the cost of the articles, but also upon all
articles of American production, and even upon
raw materials that are indispensably necessary
. as the basis of our manufactures. We cannot
now regard the subject in the same light or
from the same stand-point that we did in olden
times when the tariff was the great controversy
betweeu parties in this country. We have now
to consider it in the light of facts created by
the war. The first and obvious inquiry of
every Senator in discussing the' question is,
how much is it necessary to raise by a tariff on
imported goods? and here I may say that all
the revenue that is required to be raised in
gold must be raised by duties on imported
goods. While we have a depreciated cur-
rency it. would be idle to require domostic
taxes to be paid in gold. It would be to legal-
ize a paper currency and then to repudiate it.
In regard to imported goods the case is differ-
ent. All imported goods are bought with
gold; all transactions in imported goods are
based upon gold. Imported goods being the
product of foreign countries can be purchased
only*by the money known in the commerce of
the world. Therefore, in imposing duties upon
imported goods, it is no hardship to levy them
in gold, so that the whole cost of an article of
that description when it enters into consump-
tion represents so much in gold. But if an
attempt was made to levy in gold our domestic
taxes it would be very difficult; it would im-
pose on our people a burden they could not
bear. It is manifest that we have to raise all
the gold we require for Government purposes
by means of duties on imported goods. .
By the financial policy adopted during the
war—it is not necessary for me now to discuss
the propriety or expediency of that policy—we
are required to raise a very large sum of money
in gold. The annual interest upon the out-
standing gold bonds of the United States,
according to a statement furnished me from
the Treasury Department brought down to the
1st of January, 1867, is $82,048,531. By the
terms of all the outstanding notes bearing in-
terest in currency, except the compoun "inter-
est notes, they are convertible into gold bonds
bearing six per cent, interest. That conversion
must be made within a year or a little more.
When those notes are converted the amount
of annual interest that will be required of the
Treasury of the United States will be $131,-
353,977 40. To this must be added the amount
required to maintain our foreign intercourse
and other gold liabilities, partly growing out
of treaties, which it is estimated will amount
to $6,000,000 per annum. The expenditures
for foreign intercourse, which are disbursed in
foreign countries principally, must necessarily
be paid in gold, the currency of the world.
Adding enough for this item, it is evident that
the aggregate amount of gold required to carry
on the operations of the Government for the
present fiscal year will be not less than $140,-
000,000 in gold.
In addition to this there are maturing bonds
which by the policy of the Government are
paid in gold, and which mature before the end
of the next fiscal year. Bonds amounting to
nearly sixteen million dollars mature during
that time, namely: on the 31st of December,
1867, $7,613,000, and on the 1st of July, 186<S,
$8,169,000. These must be paid in gold ; but
probably they can be provided for out of the
large amount of gold on hand, and need not
enter into the elements of our calculation.
But at any rate it will be necessary to raise
$140,000,000 in gold.
For us now, therefore, to talk about a free-
trade tariff is simply an absurdity; and for us
to talk about a protective tariff is u necessary,
because the wit of man could not possibly
frame a tariff that would produce $140,000,000
in gold without amply protecting our domestic
industry. To the extent that the duties are
levied upon articles that may be produced in
this country the tariff operates as a protection.
It is very clear that upon an ordinary year's
importation the rate of duty that will have to
be levied upon importations in order to pro-
duce $140,000,000 will not be much less than
fifty per cent, ad valorem, even if we could pre-
vent all undervaluation or smuggling.
I assume, then. Mr. President, that the
main, leading, and necessary object of this
bill is to produce $140,000,000 in gold, and
that we may very properly leave the question
of protection to be settled as a matter of detail,
with the certainty that any tariff which will
yield the necessary revenue will sufficiently
protect American industry. The degree of
protection on different articles can only be
adjusted by a careful inquiry into a multitude
of details, while the paramount object—to raise
revenue to the amount of $140,000,000 in gold
—must always be kept in view.
It is sometimes said that, as this is the great
object, it is not necessary to change the present
tariff, which will produce that amount, and
has in fact during the last fiscal year yielded
$179,040,630. The answer is, that during the
last fiscal year our importations were swollen
beyond any former experience of this country,
and- cannot be relied on as a basis for the
future. Under the very same law the year be-
fore the amount of gold revenue was only
$84,928,260. It is manifest, therefore, that
we cannot depend for the next fiscal year upon
the present tariff to produce anything like the
amount that it did in the last fiscal year, and
even during the current fiscal year the esti-
mated receipts from customs are far less than
they were a year ago.
That no estimate of future receipts can bo
based on the amount of the receipts during the
last fiscal year is shown by the peculiar circum-
stances by which we were then surrounded.
When the war closed the southern States were
entirely bare of domestic or foreign fabrics.
They were without clothing; they were with-
out all those articles necessary for human life,
both of domestic and foreign manufacture. The
stock on hand, as it is commonly called, in the
northen States was very much reduced, so
that the very moment the war was over large
importations necessarily flowed in, and large
demands were made for our domestic manu-
factures. But that cause has now ceased ; the
vacuum has been supplied. Not only so, but
by the sudden fall of gold, which fell much
more rapidly than the prices of labor or of
other commodities, goods manufactured abroad
became cheaper in proportion than American
goods. The American manufacturer could not
adapt his prices to the fall of gold because of
the high prices of labor and commodities, and
these could not be reduced owing to the high rate
of taxation and the increased cost of food and
all the elements which enter into production.
If the American manufacturer could have re-
duced the cost of his production in the same
ratio that gold was reduced he would not have
been disturbed by the fall of gold. The valua-
ble statistics presented to us by Mr. Wells
show that while gold at times went down to
thirty and even to twenty-five per cent, pre-
mium, during all that time the ordinary addi-
tion to the cost of food was from ninety to one
hundred and forty per cent., and the addition
to the usual cost of manufacturing was from
seventy to eighty or ninety per cent.; so that
the fall in the price of foreign goods, which
were paid for in gold, was far greater than the
fall in the prices of domestic commodities.
The domestic manufacturer was suddenly called
upon to compete with the foreign market when
the advantage was some thirty or forty per cent,
in favor of the foreigner.
It was manifest under these circumstances
that domestic fabrics must fall off, and that
large amounts of foreign goods would flow in
to take their place. This led to enormous im-
portations, and thus produced a very large gold
revenue during the last year : but that cannot
exist longer without utter destruction to our
producing interests. It is also clear that if
the present relative condition of the price of
labor and the price of commodities and the
price of food is maintained nearly all our
domestic manufactures must cease to exist.
It is impossible under the present rates that
domestic manufactures can be maintained un-
less one of two things occur : either a fall in
the price of labor, or a rise in the price of
gold. Among the numerous gentlemen who
