1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
71
39th Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Sherman.
Senate.
fave their observations to the Committee on
'inance, it was admitted on all hands that if
they could reduce the price of labor tbev could J
also reduce the price of their fabrics and with- ]
out additional duties come in competition with
the foreign manufacturers; but they all said
that was impossible ; the laborer now was get-
ting b„arelv enough to maintain life; there
were indeed strikes all over the country ; some
peculiar branches of industry were able to pay
very large prices for labor, but in many cases,
especially with the woolen and some other in-
terests, the price of labor had not advanced in
proportion to the price of food, so that the
laborer was really receiving less now than he
did before the war, although nominally getting
twice the wages he did before. The reason is
that the price of food, clothing, and of all the
commodities which enter into his consump-
tion have not declined sufficiently to. enable
him to live upon a less sum of nominal money.
If the present tariff law be continued in force
we cannot expect it to yield more than one hun-
dred and twenty-five to one hundred and thirty
million dollars. It is clearly necessary, then,
looking at this subject simply in a revenue point
of view, to increase the duties on imported
goods and to receive a larger amount of duties
in gold.
It is not necessary for me to picture the dis-
astrous consequences that wonld result to this
country if we failed to pay our interest in gold—
failed to meet our obligations. The absolute
necessity that weighs upon us is scrupulously
to observe the public faith. Duringthe war we
were compelled to make contracts that may ap-
pear to our people to be onerous ; and yet any
man of ordinary patriotism feels that we must
observe those contracts to the fullest extent.
1| is evident, therefore, that an absolute neces-
sity rests upon us to raise by some mode of
taxation an amount of money sufficient to en-
able us to meet our public engagements. The
weight of these engagements has never yet
rested on the people of this country. The rea-
son has been that the interest on half the pub-
lic debt was payable and paid in paper; but by
the very terms of our obligations the whole of
that interest will soon be payable in gold, and
then we must meet the burden that will come
upon us of paying it in gold.
If your tariff should yield you but $120,000,-
000 in gold when you have to pay $140,000,000
in gold, the Secretary of the Treasury will be
compelled to go into the open market and buy
$20,000,000 of gold to meet the deficiency.
What would then be our financial condition ?
If, instead of selling gold now day by day, he
was compelled to borrow or buy gold in the
open market to meet the interest on the pub-
lic debt, what would be the consequence?
The price of gold would rise. The public en-
gagements could only be met by a sale of our
securities in a foreign market. Indeed it would
be the saddest spectacle that could possibly be
presented. It is manifest, therefore, that we
must levy such an amount of duties upon im-
ported goods as will* place us beyond all dan-
ger from this cause.
Then, Mr. President, when you come to
apply the duties upon the various articles of
importation it becomes a simple matter of
detail. I shall not waste much time in going
into the various details now, because the ques-
tions will come up from time to time as they
are presented; but there are- certain matters
upon which the committee have acted that it
would be well enough to state in general terms.
The most obvious sources of revenue in a
tariff bill are items usually classed as luxuries.
In levying duties upon these articles there is
but one rule laid down, not merely by the
English and French writers, but by every
nation that attempts to raise a revenue from
imports, and that is to levy as high a rate as
possible from them without reducing consump-
tion. They are mostly contained in three
items: spirits, wines, and tobacco. These are
undoubtedly the first objects of taxation; and
in most countries, especially in England and
France, they yield a very large portion of the
revenue. We, however, are unhappily placed
in regard to these articles because we produce
them ourselves. We make our own whisky
and produce our own tobacco, and therefore
we do not and cannot look to these items as so
great a source of revenue as they do in other
countries, especially in England and France,
where they produce no tobacco, but import all
they use, and where it 'consequently can be
levied upon at the custom-house.
The rates of duty prescribed by the- Senate
amendment on these articles are substantially
the rates of duty prescribed by the House
bill, except in one important particular—in the
article of wine. It was found on examina-
tion, and is shown very clearly by Mr. Wells's
report, that wine of a cheap quality, really
inferior to our ordinary cider, is imported in
enormous quantities at the valuation of less
than twenty cents a gallon, and pays'a duty of
some twenty or thirty cents, and is sold to our
people in many cases at four dollars a dozen
bottles, or about one dollar a gallon. This is
really not the wine of France, or the wine of
the country from which it purports to come,
but an adulterated article prepared for the
American market, having no market value in
the country of its production and sent here
at a merely nominal price. It is found that
.by the operation of the present tariff the
Government gained comparatively litttle rev-
enue from it. Last year the revenue from
wines amounted to about four millions. The
committee have proposed to substitute a uni-
form tax of fifty cents a gallon which, in my
opinion, is rather too small, but which will
yield a much larger sum than the present ad
valorem duty. I am inclined to think that
while a larger rate of duty would probably pre-
vent the importation of a considerable portion
of the wine, the amount of revenue received
would be greater even on a smaller quantity.
The committee thought proper to adopt a spe-
cific duty of fifty cents a gallon, and I am will-
ing to try the experiment. In regard to to-
bacco the law is left substantially as it is
except in regard to the single item of cigars,
which is somewhat reduced because it was
found that the present rate tended to prevent
importation and to promote smuggling.
The next items which are always regarded in
framing a tariff bill are such articles of com-
mon use as are called comforts, or perhaps
luxuries—in this country they are the com-
forts of all classes of the people—sugar, tea,
and coffee. The House of Representatives, I
think without carefully examining the subject
—certainly it was done without the sanction of
the Committee of Ways and Means—threw off
one half the duty on tea and coffee on the
ground that as tea and coffee were used by all
classes of our people we ought not to tax them
so high.
The truth is that the ad valorem tax on both
coffee and tea is far below the general average
of our tariff laws, six cents a pound on coffee
and twenty-five cents a pound on tea, amount-
ing to about from thirty to fifty per cent, ad
valorem. If we had no occasion for revenue,
if we were in a position to throw off ..taxes, if
we had no system of internal taxation, if we
had no taxes more oppressive and more bur-
densome than those on tea and coffee, they
would be the first we should throw off; but it
is manifestly improper now to dispense with
a revenue equal to eight or ten million dollars
merely to relieve our people from paying a tax
that does not weigh heavily upon them. By
doing so we would compel the imposition of
$12,000,000 in paper money upon our domestic
productions. The Committee on Finance,
therefore, thought it wise to restore the old
rate of taxation, and that yields on the articles
I have already named—wines, tobacco, spirits,
sugar, tea ud coffee—from fifty-five to sixty
million dollars, or about two fifths of all the
revenue that is necessary to be produced from
imported goods. These articles are more sta-
ble in their yield, more uniform in their con-
sumption than any other articles on the list.
Although used to some extent by all the people
the great body of them is used by those who
are able to pay for them. Besides, the duties
on these articles are more easily and more
surely collected. The duties are specific and
there can be under this bill no undervaluation.
Besides, the articles are heavy; they cannot
be smuggled in ; they are easily ascertained by
weight or measure. They are articles that in
all countries are looked upon as the main
sources of revenue. We cannot afford to throw
off now a certain revenue of $10,000,000. At
a time when we are compelled to levy internal
taxes upon every branch of our industry, when
the widow and the orphan, when the farmer
and the manufacturer, when the laboring man
and all classes of our citizens are compelled to
pay largely increased prices for their food and
clothing by our system of internal taxation, we
certainly ought not to throw off this, the easiest
and best form of taxation. The duties in these
cases are left by the Senate amendment where
they were before. So in regard to spices: I
believe there have been some little changes, but
nothing material.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very slight.
Mr. SHERMAN. We come now, Mr. Pres-
ident, to the duties on manufactures, and that
for the first time presents tfce question of pro-
tection. In regard to the articles I have al-
ready discussed, although we do produce to-
bacco and wine in this country, the question
of protection is not necessarily involved, and
we looked upon them simply as a question of
revenue.
When you come to manufactures it is neces-
sary in levying the duties to discriminate in
favor of our own industry on all articles that
can be produced in tins country by the ordi-
nary application of skill and labor. It is man-
ifestly the duty of the country to protect Ameri-
can industry to that extent, not simply on ac-
count of the old-fashioned argument that we
used to have before the war, that as a policy it
is betterto diversify our industry and manufac-
ture all that is necessary for our own consump-
tion, but on other grounds. We must now pro-
tect American manufactures, not merely against
foreign competition, but also against the effect
of our own laws. This is really all the protec-
tion they now need.
If you converse with intelligent men engaged
in the business of manufacturing they will tell
you that they are willing to compete with Eng-
land, France, Germany, and all the countries
of Europe, at the old rates of duty. If you re-
duce their products to a specie basis and put
them upon the same footing they were on be-
fore the war, the present rates of duty would be
too high.' It would not be necessary for scarce
any branch of industry to be protected to the
extent of your present tariff law. They do
not ask protection against the pauper labor of
Europe, but they ask protection against the
creation of your own laws. These are our
paper currency and our internal taxation.
The American manufacturer comes to you
and shows that foreign capital in Canada and
elsewhere is not compelled to carry on busi-
ness operations under the depressing influ-
ences that surround us. Manufacturers abroad
pay no internal taxes; they do not have to buy
with paper money at the inflated prices always
produced by paper money. Take the case of
the manufacturer of iron. If he was at liberty
to hire his labor upon thegold basis and to buy
his provisions upon the gold basis, and to buy
On the gold basis all the necessary elements
which enter into the production of iron, he
could compete with the labor of Europe. The
advantages of freight and other advantages
would enable him to do it But if you compel
him to pay two hundred percent, for his food—
