1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1441
what Congress says. It is a most flagrant
usurpation in this Congress.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Air. President 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I beg that the Senator
will not interrupt me, for it will draw me from
the line of my argument. I prefer to finish,
and then I shall bo glad to hear whatever the
Senator may have to say.
Mr. President, I have stated one of the
grounds upon which this declaration of war
is proposed to be made upon these States. I
will now call attention for a moment to the
other ground upon which this war is said to
be justified, to wit, that within all the States
of the South there is now no such thing as
civil government, that there is no safety for
Union men or for freedmen. I shall not deny
that disorders exist in some of the States of
the South. Undoubtedly they do exist, and
for various reasons. We all know these States
were greatly impoverished by war. Thousands
and tens of thousands of persons were reduced
to the most abject poverty, and I undertake to
say that there is no people upon the face of
the earth who can be reduced to abject pov-
erty, whether from war or from any other
cause, where the result will not be to produce
a good many disorders. Crimes of every kind
necessarily follow abject impoverishment. But
as to the charges so often repeated, so indus-
triously circulated, so often published in the
newspapers of the North for the purpose of
exciting and inflaming the passions of the
people of the North against the people of the
South, to goad them on to the point of sus-
taining the military subjugation of the people
of the South, I undertake to say that they are
most grossly exaggerated, and in very many
instances absolutely, unqualifiedly, and wick-
edly false. Upon that subject I have some
facts within my personal knowledge, as well as
facts which have come to me through sources
which cannot be questioned.
It was my fortune not many months ago to
pass through several of the States of the South;
I was in Louisiana and in Texas, and I under-
take to say that gentlemen there who are well
informed and cannot be otherwise, and whose
names I will mention, informed me that these
stories of outrages against Union men and the
freedmen were, as I have stated, grossly exag-
gerated and many of them willfully and wick-
edly false. I refer to General Herron, for-
merly of Iowa, who was for a long time com-
mandant in the department of New Orleans.
He told me in November last that single and
alone he could drive with a horse and buggy
all over the State of Louisiana with as much
safety as in the State ol Iowa. Colonel Mann,
who is the collector of the port of New Or-
leans. confirms the statement. General Ben-
ton. who is also at the city of New Orleans,
and who was engaged in our service, states
these facts. I do not deny that outrages occa-
sionally exist there as they do elsewhere ; but
that there is any such persistent purposed
destroy Union men because they are Union
men. to drive away northern men because they
are from the North, or to destroy or to injure
the freedmen, is not true.
Mr. President, gentlemen say that they have
reports from the agents of the Frecdmen's
Bureau, and reports from persons whose
names they dare not read, and other author-
ities which they dare not mention. They talk
of outrages by the hundred and by the thou-
sand. I do not deny that some outrages exist.
But these things are grossly exaggerated.
Gentlemen tell us that military men m com-
mand of these departments give their opinion
that the best mode of dealing with the States
of the South is to subject them to military
rule. Sir, I do not question the patriotism
of these military men ; I do not question their
personal or professional capacity; but I never
yet saw a military man who, if he wore the
uniform of a lieutenant, did not desire to be a
captain : if he wore the uniform of a captain,
did not desire to become a field officer; if he
were in command of a regiment, who did
not desire a brigade, and if the command of
39th Cong. 2d Sess.^No. 91.
a brigade, did not desire the command of a
division or the command of a department. Sir,
it is in human_ nature. It belongs to human
nature, and military men are as ambitious as
other men. Every tribunal that ever existed
upon earth desires to enlarge its powers and
extend its jurisdiction. There is no man who
if he has $100,000 does not desire $100,000
more. There is not a railroad company with
a line of road one hundred miles in length
that does not desire to obtain possession of
and control all the branches .that can be built
or be connected with it. There is no judge
upon the bench—to use the old maxim, there
is no good judge who does not amplify his
jurisdiction. All who know anything of hu-
man nature know that power in human hands,
in any form or shape, always seeks to enlarge
itself; and when you call upon the commander
of a military department and ask him whether
it is advisable to put that department under
his absolute control, and give him the com-
plete civil and military administration of all
alfairs in the department, there is not one man
out of a thousand, nor one in ten thousand, who
will not answer: "Yes; it is in the line'of my
profession; it gives power and dignity to my
profession."
Sir, there is no man who has greater confi-
dence in the integrity, the patriotism, or the
capacity of the high officers of our Army than
I have ; but I have read all history in vain, the
warnings of our forefathers are to be taken as
of no account, if I do not look with jealousy
and well-founded distrust upon the opinions of
men in the Army when given upon the ques-
tion whether martial law or civil law shall be
supreme in their several departments. _ From
the very profession of the soldier the civil law
is to him a thing unknown. Martial law, the
law of forces, the government of men by power
and force, is of the very essence of the profes-
sion of the soldier. Therefore, when men press
upon me the consideration that officers of the
Army advise that these various States be placed
as military departments under their absolute
military jurisdiction, I look upon it with ex-
tremest jealousy.
The insidious plea under which military des-
potism is usually established is threefold: First,
it is necessary; second, it is temporary; third,
it will be very mild in its operations.
Sir, the last is perhaps the most insidious
and dangerous of the three. It should never
be forgotten that, in the establishment of a mil-
itary despotism, the milder that despotism when
it begins the more dangerous it becomes. The
milder its form, the juster the hand that wields
the sword, the more dangerous is the despot-
ism which flows from it; for it accustoms the
people to it; the'yoke is_made so easy upon
their necks, the burden is placed so lightly
upon their shoulders, that before they are
aware they find themselves held with an iron
hand in a silken glove, and that it is easier to
wear their chains than break them.
On this point, Mr. President, namely, as to
the condition of the South, I desire to read
some extracts from letters of gentlemen whose
truth I cannot question. I refer to the letter
of General Tarbell; and to show who he^is I
will read a few words from a letter of the Gov-
ernor of New York, Hon. Reuben E. I' en ton,
indorsing General Tarbell:
St4te of New Yoek, Executive Department,
Albany, October 2o, 1800.
Brevet Brigadier General Jonathan Tarbell, late
colonel of the ninety-first .New York volunteers, is
known to me as a highly intelligent, patriotic, and
reliable gentleman. As an officer he was gallant and
distinguished. His command was thoroughly organ-
ized and disciplined, and served with credit I take
pleasure in commending General rarbell to the con-
fidence and kind consideration ot.all with whom he
may connect himself in future bnsl|es|r|1|t^0rpoj}_
I received from General Tarbell in May last
a letter referring to the condition of the South,
from which letter I propose to read certain
extracts to the Senate :
" Dfar sin-. Allow mo to say that I have been in
the States of Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi
since December last; that 1 was a Whig and am a
Republican, and hence looked closely at southern
society.^ I have no hesitation in.denouncing the
reports m northern newspapers of outrages upon the
blacks and u^on northern settlers as utter fabrica-
tions or malicious exaggerations. I traveled by rail,
by water, on horseback, on foot, in company and
alone, by day and by night, totally unarmed except
a pocket knife, purposely, openly and frankly declar-
ing to every one I was a 4 Yankee and Black Repub-
lican. X met others who had traveled on horseback
from Florida to Mississippi, who, like me, were Re-
publicans, and X do assure you I would sooner travel
throughout the South than the North, so far as per-
sonal safety is concerned." * * * * To
say that the South is 'caricatured' in the North does
not express it; she is slandered, vilified, wickedly,
infamously belied. Were the South to come North
she would not recognize herself; if she did she would
disown herself. Were the North to go South she
would be astounded at the misrepresentations and
falsehoods and with the cruelly unjust and erroneous
sentiments prevailing there. The North is all wrong,
not in its consistent anti-slavery sentiments, but in
its impressions of southern character. The negroes
are neither hated nor ill-treated; northern settlers are
not molested; the South acceptsthesituation in good
faith." * * * * 44 There are just grounds
of complaint against the Freedmen's Bureau officers.
Most of them are interested in plantations, and so
many are corrupt and incompetent that the service,
the Government, and the North are scandalized by
their conduct."
And such, you remember, sir, were the
reports of the generals sent to investigate
those affairs. Bat to return to the letter:
"Butnotto be too lengthy, I assure you, sir, thatthis
terrific public opinion that is driving the North to tho
support of the startling and dangerous centralization
of power in Congress isbasedupon falsehood and mis-
representation.
"As I expect to be judged by my Maker at the great
day of final judgment, I state to you solemnly that
from extensive travels in these States, from conversa-
tions with all classes and colors, and after listening
to hundreds, I believe, before high Heaven, that all
these newspaper reports of hatred to find outrages
upon blacks by whites and of the molestations of
northern settlers are baseless, wicked fabrications,
concocted and reported expressly to create this fear-
ful public opinion which should sustain the change
of the fundamental principles of the Constitution,
devised by our forefathers with a wisdom and fore-
sight they themselves scarcely comprehend."
That letter was addressed to mc last year.
Mr. WILLIAMS. What is the date of the
letter ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Itis dated in April last.
I have also another letter from him which I
received in November last, in which, referring
to this former letter, he uses these words:
" 80 far from having seen reason to retract my let-
ter to you I am more than confirmed in the truth of
the assertions then made."
That was written in November last, from the>
State of Mississippi, where he now resides; and
I undertake to say upon my personal responsi-
bility and my personal honor that in going into
the States of Louisiana and Mississippi and
conversing with men of all classes, Union men
and men who had been rebels, the statement
was universal that these newspaper reports
now filling the journals of the northern States,
were to a very great extent base, malicious,
and wicked fabrications, made for tho purpose
of inflaming the passions ol the people of the
northern States and influencing the popular
elections.
I have also before me a letter of Mr. Walker,
Governor of Florida, dated the 15th of this
month, in which he says:
" It is utterly untrue that Union men in the State
of I?lorida are subjected to violence or insult ol any
kind. Their position in society is exactly that ot
other citizens. No questions are asked concerning
their antecedents or birthplace. We are delighted
and manifest our joy when good and worthy persons
from tho North come to visit or live among us. J-his
is the general disposition of the people. i. have
never seen or heard of a Union man who, since the
war, has been persecuted on account ot his politics.
Every man stands upon his own merits, and justice
in the courts is administered equally to all.
Why, in God's name, should they not be
glad to have northern men come there? A
poor, impoverished, desolated people, why
should they not welcome every man to the
community that would help to restore their .
prosperity and build up the waste places that
war has laid in desolation and in ruins I air,
it is to suppose that human nature does
not seek its own interest. W hy should they
bear hatred toward the freedmen whose labor
is at this time so necessary to the regenera-
tion of the South? From what I heard, and
it was stated universally all along through
these States, the high inducements which were
