1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
677
Mr. SPRAGUE. Permit me to interrupt
the Senator. I desire to state that there are
two stalks produced by the flax seed, one upon
which the seed grows, and one upon which it
does not, ; and the custom in countries where
they cultivate it for the fiber is to pull that
stalk on which there is no seed before they take
that upon which there is seed.
Mr. FE*SSENDEN. I am obliged to the
Senator for his information; but it only goes
to sustain the position that in this country we
have confined ourselves thus far very much to
the growth of flax for the purpose of seed. But
although that is the cdse, yet if we are to en-
courage the manufacture of articles from flax
in this country it is very proper to make it an
object to the farmers or growers of flax to raise
it and take it at that particular period of its
growth when it is used for that purpose, and
that is the object of the section. But up to
this period the linen manufacture has made no
very great advance here; and it is hardly worth
our while with reference to a revenue tariff to
take all at once such action as will effectually
_cut off the importation of these articles, while
at the same time it is advisable so far as we
can to encourage reasonably a commencement
upon this very important manufacture.
There is the distinction, as I apprehend, be-
tween the House bill and the Senate bill, which
latter bill is founded mainly upon the report
made by the Commissioner who examined the
subject with very great care, and received a
great deal of evidence upon it on both sides.
The Committee on Finance did not think it
worth while on this point to be prohibitory.
And they took into consideration another ques-
tion in several parts of this bill—and I would
direct the attention of the Senate to that, be-
cause there are portions of the bill which arc
founded upon that idea—that while we are pro-
tecting the manufactures of the country, which
is a matter of great importance, which I have
always sustained and probably always will sus-
tain, there is one great interest that should not
be forgptten that has been heretofore consid-
ered by all nations as a very important part of
national wealth, a great national arm; and that
is the foreign commerce of the country.
It is obvious that if we carry our tariff sys-
tem so far in the protection of manufactures
and in the excluding of articles from foreign
countries as to cut off importations, leaving
out of view the revenue question, which has
been so well discussed by my honorable friend
from Ohio, we in fact destroy our foreign com-
merce, for if nothing be imported we are not
in a condition to export to any great extent,
and if we have no trade with foreign countries
so far as purchasing any of their products is
concerned we shall be very likely to have no
commerce. That is now not exactly the con-
dition of our foreign commerce, but it is tend-
ing to that with such rapidity that every man
who feels that commerce is a great arm of
national wealth must also feel that it is neces-
sary to do something with reference to that
interest, and that in protecting manufactures
we should not destroy what certainly is of equal
necessity to the country as any one manufac-
ture or perhaps any considerable number of
manufactures.
We had reference to that consideration some-
what in going through this bill. When we
looked at certain articles which form a consid-
erable item in our commerce with foreign
countries, we inquired whether on the whole
it was worth our while to go so far as to pro-
hibit the importation of all articles of that
description and thus end our commercial rela-
tions with those countries.
In regard to these very articles of linens we
get from a Power which is certainly as friendly
to us as any Power on the fade of the earth, as
was shown during our late troubles—I allude
'to Russia—a very important article of linen
manufacture, crash and coarse linen, whicB is
made by the peasantry there. In fact we have
very little trade left with Russia except in these
articles. Indeed, I am informed that the House
bill will pretty much put an end, not only to
this trade, but to our trade with Germany. I
do not think it will, because all experience
has shown that no matter how high you put
the tariff, even if you go to such an extent as
to make it what is cEnled prohibitory, it does
not in the end turn out to be actually prohib-
itory, but there will be some trade, left. I
would not, however, for light considerations
undertake to interfere with an important arti-
cle of trade with an important and friendly
Power unless I saw that it was a matter of
extreme necessity with reference to some par-
ticular manufacture in our country which it
was essential to support, so that it became on
the whole advisable.
I am a protective tariff man, and I believe I
am an older protective tariff man so far as con-
gressional action is concerned than any mem-
ber of the Senate, and probably older in years
than most members, for I happened to be a
member of the Congress that passed the cele-
brated tariff act of 1842, and I lent my feeble
aid to its passage, and on every occasion since
when I hav#had an opportunity such aid as I
could render has not been wanting to sustain
the same principle and the same idea. But
with regard to the doctrine of protection per se,
I do not go so far as to say that whatever may
be the condition of the country it is advisable
at any and all times, when an interest springs
up which may be valuable in itself, to put an
end to all trade which might interfere with
that interest. I hold that with regard to some
great interests of the country protection is so
absolutely necessary that, if there were no
other way of accomplishing the object, I would
go to the length of prohibition for the sake of
protecting them, because they are essential to
national protection as well as to national
wealth. In this list I would include iron and
the manufactures of iron, and wool and woolen
manufactures. I might name others, but these
two are sufficient.
But the idea has seemed to prevail of late
that if any body chooses to start a new manu-
facture by way of experiment, thinking he can
succeed in it, forthwith it becomes the duty of
the country, whatever may be the effect on
foreign commerce, or whatever may be the
effect by way of taxation npon the individuals
using the article, to at once place such duties
on the foreign article as will effectually pre-
vent the importation of that article if it inter-
feres in any way with the prosperity of the
manufacture thus started. I do not go, so far
as that. I think we must conform to circum-
stances and proceed gradually in reference to
such matters.
I hope I shall be excused for making these
general observations; I do not intend to repeat
them. With regard to this matter of linens, I
can only say that I hope the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Rhode Island will
not be adopted. In the first place—he will
excuse me for referring to it again—it is per-
fectly obvious that we should protect the raw
material. We do not go near so far in that
respect as the House bill, and yet we furnish
what would be unquestionably an adequate
protection. With reference to the manufac-
tured articles, the Senator complains that we
put very low duties on low-priced articles, and
he has singled out one, the article of burlaps.
Its use, as I understand, is principally confined,
almost exclusively, to the manufacture of cot-
ton bagging, as it is called, that is, bagging
used for cotton bales. We do not think it
advisable just at present to heap any more
burdens upon the cotton business of the coun-
try than we are obliged to do. It is in a very
depressed condition. It is unquestionably an
important article, an agricultural product in-
timately connected with the national wealth;
and it being a coarse article, hardly manufac-
tured here at all, we do not think the time has
come to lay a heavy duty on it.
Then take the article of crash, which I be-
fore mentioned. It is an article not made in
this country, and will probably never be made
here. The crash made here is a mixture of
linen and cotton, a totally different article from
the coarse crash made by the Russian peas-
antry, and which goes into the hands of every
individual almost. It would be laying a heavy
burden on everybody who uses a towel or any
cloth made from this coarse crash to put a
high duty on it.
We place an ad valorem duty of thirty-five
per cent, on all these articles, but Senators
will see at onee that as the article grows in
fineness, and consequently in price, the duty
becomes higher; for instance, upon a handker-
chief which costs a dollar, thirty-five per cent,
is thirty-five cents, which would seem to be a
pretty good protection. These articles'are not
manufactured in this country at present. The
protection afforded by this section, as we think,
is sufficient—sufficient to accomplish the pur-
pose of starting the business in this country if
anybpdy is disposed to start it.
The Senator says certain machinery has been
purchased under the encouragement of Con-
gress providing that it might be imported free
of duty. Well, they have got the machinery
in free of duty, but they imported it under the
existing tariff, knowing what the duti«s were.
Knowing what the duties were and asking that
they might be permitted to import that ma-
chinery free of duty, they must be understood
as saying that they conld get along under the
tariff as it stood at that time. It seems, how-
ever, from their present statements that they
were wrong in their calculation. But however
that may be, we have put the duties as high as
we think the article will bear. The Commis-
sioner had all these people before him—I do
not mean everybody engaged in the trade,- but
large numbers; he examined the matter care-
fully, and he informs me that a considerable
majority of those interested in the manufacture
of linen told him that thirty-five per cent,
placed upon the manufactured article would be
sufficient protection. This was only last sum-
mer. He reported thirty per cent., but we have
raised it to thirty-five. They were satisfied
with that, though certain individuals claim
more, and those individuals come here and are
persistent in their claim.
I have great respect for the manufacturers
of this country, as much as I have for any
other class of men; they are intelligent, and
they understand their own interest?. But I tell
the Senate now, from the testimony before the
committee, and from all the information we
have, that it will not do for us to leave the for-
mation of a tariff to the manufacturers them-
selves. They have too much interest in it,
and, as Sam Patch used to say, there is a great
deal of human nature in men, and there is no
end to the claims they will put forward for pro-
tection. We must exercise our own judgment
upon the question. *
On this point the Commissioner examined
the matter with great care ; he received testi-
mony ; and he came to the conclusion that he
did. The committee have examined it, and
they are satisfied with the section on the" rea-
sons stated and the information afforded to
them. It is best, in my judgment, to let the
"section stand as we have reported it. If, when
it goes back to the other House, that House, on
reexamination, should think we have not gone
high enough they will change it, and then the
committee of conference, which will undoubt-
edly be appointed, will agree upon something
that will be jnst to all parties. I am satisfied
with it as it is, and I hope the Senate will not
agree to the amendment proposed.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, as is the
case with my friend from Maine, I have from
the first been in favor of protecting the domes-
tic industry of the country by Congress, having:
no doubt either as to the power or as to the
expediency of doing so. It is useless now to
say anything on the subject of the power or in
relation to the expediency, as it is true that,
since 1828, to go no further back, Congress at
various times have exerted the power; and aa
far as I am advised, and as I believe, the pros-
perous condition of the country, and that con-
dition which enabled it to go through the late
war, through which we have gone successfully,
