1442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
held out for the labor of the freedmen ,in the
valley of the Mississippi were withdrawing
them from the States of North Carolina, South
Carolina, Georgia, and Alabama, and the peo-
ple of these States, instead of desiring to de-
stroy the freedmen or to injure them, desired to
keep them for the cultivation of those staples
absolutely necessary to the prosperity of those
States. The Governor of Florida further says:
"Tho freedmen aro protected by the laws in life,
liberty, and property the same as the whites. Tho
educational svstem provided for them by the laws is
in full operation, and the general disposition of the
people is to render them as happy and enlightened
as possible."
And why should they not? If that people
are there, as they are, and to live there as they
must, why, I ask, in Heaven's name, should not
the people of the southern States desire them
to be as loyal and law-abiding and intelligent
and respectable a people as they are capable
of being? Is it possible that a people desire
to destroy themselves? It seems to me men
are beside themselves who think so or can say
so here or elsewhere.
Mr. President, I have dwelt longer upon this
point than under other circumstances it would
be either proper or necessary, simply because
this is made the basis upon which Congress is
now urged, in hot haste, to make this declara-
tion of war against all civil government in these
States and against the people of these States.
I said a little time since that because I fore-
saw the logical results and the necessary con-
elusions to which the heresies of Massachusetts,
advocated here by the honorable Senator on my
right, would inevitably lead, and because I op-
posed and denounced them from tho beginning,
I have been assailed by my political associates
and friends in the Stale of Wisconsin. It is sub-
stantially for that, that I have been instructed
to resign. While I stand here, I hen, pleading
the cause of my country, 1 am here to answer
also 1'or myself; and as this, the grave charges
brought against me by the lladical Legislature
of Wisconsin, involve not only my public con-
duct but also my private character, tho Senate
will indulge me it on this occasion I refer to
some facts in connection with these charges
personal to myself.
Tho Legislature of Wisconsin has instructed
.me to resign my oilice as Senator. Where do
they find authority to do that? Neither in the
constitution of Wisconsin nor in the Constitu-
tion of the United States. It is an attempt at
usurpation upon both. A State Legislature
has power to fill vacancies in tho office of Sen-
ator; it has no power to create them. It has
no power to make or to dictate removals. By
the true theory of Union, Senators elected
under the Constitution are officers of the Uni-
ted States. Thev are not oflicers of the State
where they are chosen. Secessionists at the
South have always maintained the contrary.
Indeed, tho ideas upon which the doctrine of
State secession and the doctrine of State in-
struction to Senators rest are nearly related to
each other. They are born of tho same spirit
and at the bottom they are one and tho same
idea, namely, in case of conflict of opinion or
of jurisdiction between State and Federal au-
thority, paramount allegiance is first due to
the State ; and therefore, the State being sov-
eign, it can break when it pleases the lien which
binds the State to the Union or which binds
a Senator residing in the State to his allegiance
and his duty to tiie whole United States. All
the Senators from the secession States obeyed
instructions and resigned their seats excepting
only one, Andrew Johnson. Grant the theory
of secession, that these States are only bound
together in a league or confederation under the
Constitution, and it follows, of course, tjiat
Senators are merely embassadors, subject to
be instructed or withdrawn at the pleasure of
their State.
But grant the theory of Union that a govern-
ment is established by the Constitution for the
whole United States, and it follows of neces-
sity that a Senator, during his term of office,
must legislate for the^vhole country and not
for that State alone which elects him. He
should know no North, no South, no East, no
West, but discharge his duty to the country and
to the whole country. Without a violation of
his oath, therefore, he cannot in times of great
public danger acquiesce in this doctrine of in-
structions, surrender his convictions of duty, or
abandon the post of high responsibility.
I admit as a question of fair and honorable
dealing, as a question of political ethics, that
if a Senator after his election should materially
change his opinions upon some great question
upon which he was understood to have formed
and expressed his deliberate opinion before his
election, and in view of which it had taken
place, it would be both, honorable and manly
in him to tender his resignation. But when he
feels and knows that his opinions upon those
greatquestions have undergone no change, and
that the allegations brought against him of- the
desertion of his principles and of the great
cause in which he is engaged are utterly false
and without the shadow of foundation, he would
be unworthy of the respect of honorable men,
and more than all cease to be worthy of his
own, if for one moment he should entertain the
thought of acquiescing in the degrading impu-
tation sought to be cast upon him.
This doctrine of State instruction is against
both the letter and the spirit of the Constitu-
tion. By its express terms a Senator is chosen
for the term of six years. The assertion by a
Legislature of the right to shorten that term
or to make it depend upon the will or the ca-
price of a Legislature is as clear a violation of
the Constitution as the doctrine of secession
itself. If by instructions they can make it the
duty of a Senator to resign four years after his
election, they can within two years or one year or
six months even. Ay, sir, at tho same session,
tho Legislature which elects him may instruct
him to resign. And it is a singular fact in
connection with my relations to the Legislature
and Governor of Wisconsin, that the very
Legislature and Governor, who were elected in
Wisconsin upon a platform of principles which
I drew and submitted to the convention at
Madison in 1865, did instruct me to resign sub-
stantially because I would not abandon the
platform upon which they were elected and
follow the load of the bolting convention at
Janesville of tho same year, whose creed is the
creed of tho Radicals to-day, and which is
embodied in the two bills pending before the
Senate, namely, negro suffrage as a coudition-
precedcnt to representation from the south-
ern States, and tho assertion of the doctrine
that those States are out of the Union, mere sub-
jugated Territories. That is a famous example
of political gratitude and political consistency
displayed in times of political excitement.
Sir, the very ground upon which Senators
are chosen for six years is to make them inde-
pendent in their action as Senators for that
period of time, to enable them to withstand the
current of the changing opinions of popular
assemblies until the people shall have sufficient
time for that "sober second thought" which
is sure to come when the hour of excitement
and passion is over. When that time comes,
and come it will, there will be found very
few men of any political party at the North who
will not regard this assumed right to instruct a
Senator to resign as a violation of the letter
and spirit of the Constitution, and the Legisla-
ture asserting it gives strong evidence that
sober judgment, for a time at least, has been
put aside from tkeir'deliberations.
Besides, sir, what would be the effect of this
doctrine upon the character of this body?
What independence of judgment, what manli-
ness of character, what statesmanship worthy
of tho name could be expected in the Senate
of tho United States should such a doctrine be
acquiesced in? Who would accept the posi-
tion of Senator to become a mere tenant at
will ? Who could keep his oath to support the
Constitution if, at the very moment he believes
it most in danger, he must, cowardlike, aban-
don his post of duty, danger, and responsibility?
Such is not. the teaching of the great men
who made it, nor of those who have defended
it. It is a heresy born of secession, to which the
judgment cannot yield. Let us inquire for a
moment, what do the great men of the Republic
say of this doctrine borrowed by the Legisla-
ture of Wisconsin from the secessionists and
nullifiers of the South? I will refer to only
two. I first read from the works of Madison,
who perhaps more thaix any other helped to
form and to expound the Constitution:
"Nothing is more certain, [says Mr. Madison, (vol.
iv, p. 429,) -while discussing this doctrine of instruc-
tions,] than that the tenure of the Senate was meant
as an obstacle to the instability which not only his-
tory, but the experience of our country, had shown to
be the besetting infirmity of popular Governments.
Innovations therefore impairing the stabilityafforded
by that tenure.withoutsomecompensating remoditi-
cations of the powers of tho Government, must affect
the balance contemplated by the Constitution."
Again, Chancellor Kent declares that this
doctrine of instructions is repugnant to the
theory of our Government—
" Which supposes that the representatives are to
meet and consult together for the common welfare,
and to have a regard in making the laws to tho
greatest general good, and to make the local views
and interests of a part of tho community subordi-
nate to the general interest of the whole."
He shows clearly that the true doctrine on
this subject is derived from the common law
applicable to members of Parliament, and that,
as an important and undoubted constitutional
principle, it was asserted in Parliament as long
ago as 1571, and for three hundred years it
has remained unshaken.
I call special attention to the no less power-
ful argument of Edmund Burke against the
doctrine of instruction. In his speech to his
constituents at Bristol, he maintained, with
his usual force, that the representative ought
not to sacrifice his unbiased opinion, his ma-
ture judgment, his enlightened conscience, to
his constituents; to any man or set of men
living. These he does not derive from the
pleasure of his constituents; no, nor from tho
law and the Constitution. They are a trust from
Providence, for the abuse of which he is deeply
answerable. Said he:
"Your representative owes yon not his industry
only, but his judgment; and he betrays instead of
seiving you if he sacrifices it to your opinion.
"Government and legislation arc matters of reason
and judgment, and not of inclination. What sort of
reason is that in which the determination precedes
tho discussion; in "which one sot of men deliberate
and another decide; and where those who form the
conclusion are perhaps three hundred miles distant
from those who hear the arguments?"
Parliament is riot a congress of embassadors from
different and hostile interests, which interests each
must maintain as an agent and advocate against
other agents and advocates; but Parliament is a
deliberative assembly of one nation, with one inter-
est, that of tho whole; whore not local purposes, not
local prejudices ought to guide, but the general good
resulting from the general reason of the whole. You
choose a member indeed, but when you have chosen
him he is not a member of Bristol, but he is a mem-
ber of Parliament."
In the Chamber of Deputies in Prance, also,
this doctrine of instruction finds no toleration
even. So important is it regarded there that
the representative should remain free to discuss,
deliberate, and judge upon all questions that tho
election of M. Droult was annulled bj' a vote
of the Chamber on the ground that he had en-
gaged with his constituents to vote for a certain
measure. That vote of the Chambers was sup-
ported by M. Guizot, one of the greatest states-
men of France, or of any age or country, in,a
mostpowerful and convincing argument. These
arguments and these authorities are conclusive
against this assumed right of instructions.
And, Mr. President, if ever, in the history
of a great country, a statesman was called upon
to exercise unbiased judgment, unflinching
fidelity to his convictions of duty, and unmoved
by local passions and prejudices, by the denun-
ciations of demagogues, by lawless mobs, ex-
cited and infuriated by an unscrupulous press,
to stand fast to his integrity in the discharge
of that high trust which he owes to the Consti-
tution, and to every State under it, to the coun-
try, and to tho whole country, it is now and
here. [Applause in the galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Order 1
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Humble though I may
be, during my official term, God helping me, I
shall stand here, sir, to speak and to vote in
