680 '
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
to whether it would- not be more profitable or
economical for both countries to reverse their
■ practice, namely: for the Irish, who manufac-
ture linen so extensively and excellently, to
raise their own seed and not import it from
America, and for America to raise its own flax
and make its own linen and not import linens
already made from Ireland. - That is an eco-
nomic question that I do not propose to enter
into the discussion of. But what I state in re-
gard to the point made so palpably by the hon-
orable Senator I am quite aware is true ; so
that I apprehend-his argument scarcely applies
tq the-case.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is perfectly'immate-
rial. It shows that this country is capable of
producing flax to any. extent.
Mr. CO NNESS. There is no doubt of that.
Mr. CHANDLER. It does not change the
argument at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Rhode Island [Mr. Spragtje] to the amend-
ment of '.lie committee.
The amendment to the amendment was-
rejected.
The next amendment proposed by Mr.
Spkagtje was in section six, to strike out from
line fifty-two to line fifty-seven inclusive,, and
to insert in lieu thereof the following:
On seines or nets msuie of flax,hemp,or jute thread,
yu.ro, or twine, completed or in parts, valued at not
oxer fifty cents per. pound or less, ten cents per pound,
and, in addition thereto, thirty-five per cent, ad va-
lorem,- valued at fifty cents and not over seventy-five
cents per pound, fifteen cents per pound, and.in addi-
tion thereto, thirty-five percent, ad valorem; valued
at over seventy-five cents per pound, twenty cents
per pound, and, in addition thereto, thirty-five per
cent-, ad valorem.
Mr. FESSENDEN. With regard to that
clause, we have already raised the duties by. an
amendment from thirty to thirty-five per cent.
It stands at thirty-five per cent. now. It was
thought with regard to seines, nets, and fish-
lines the duty placed upon them by this bill
already was high, very considerable of a duty,
and it comes very hard upon the poorest class
of the community, probably, and that is- the
fishermen, who use the nets and fish-lines and
things of that sort. All over the country where
ever that class of men exist they are probably
the poorest class in the community, and it would
not do to tax them so heavily. I hope that
the Senate will not adopt the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The next amendment proposed by Mr.
Spragtje was to strike out from line fifty-eight
to line sixty-three, inclusive, of section six, and
to insert in lien thereof the following:
On fish-lines of linen, or twines of linen suitable for
fish-lines, valued at §2 50 or less per pound, forty
cents per pound, and, in addition thereto, thirty-five
per cent, ad valorem ; valued at over two dollars and
fifty cents per pound, sixty cents per pound, and, in
addition thereto, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The next amendment proposed by Mr.
Sprague was to strike out from line seventy-
three to line seventy-seven, inclusive, of section
six, and to insert in lieu thereof the following:
On webbing, tapes, galloons, bindings, gimps, trim-
mings, braids, plain or otherwise, made of flax, hemp,
or j ute, or of parts of either, or of which flax, hemp,
or jute shall bo the component material of chief
value, sixty per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I will state that cotton
articles of a corresponding nature bear a duty
of sixty per cent.; and while I am up I will say
in relation to the remark made by the Senator
from Michigan as to the information derived
by the Commissioner upon this matter, that
there is a class of manufacturers who import
the yarn and twist it and manufacture it into
a twisted condition in this country, so that they
are part importers and part manufacturers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have already ad-
vanced the duty in this clause ten per cent. It
is high enough, and I hope it will not be
changed.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The next amendment proposed by Mr.
Spbagde was in section six, line seven, after the
word '' thirty'' to insert " five ;" so as to read:
On jute yarns, single, thirty-five per cent, ad
valorem.
Mr. SPRAGUE. As this clause now stands
it reads, "On jute.yarns, single, thirty per
cent, ad valoremwhereas in the portion
of the bill in which threads are referred to it
specifies "flax, hemp, and jute," and it would
seem that this would be unnecessary. It seems
to me unnecessary, because in the provisions
of the bill with reference to twines and thread,
flax, hemp, and jute are referred (b.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But those are the ones
advanced beyond single, and this is single.
Mr. SPRAGUE. As I have said before,
there is no difference in these threads between
single and double.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then you have got too
much duty on the double, that is all.
The amendment- to the amendment was re-
jected.
The next amendment proposed by Mr.
Spragot was to strike out lines seventy-eight,
seventy-nine, and eighty of section six, and to
insert in lieu, thereof the following :
On all other manufactures- of- flax, hemp, jute, or
similar fibers not herein otherwise specified, fifty per
cent, ad valorem,
Mr. FESSENDEN. Those are predicated
upon the others. It is best to let it stand as
it is.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That con-
cludes the amendments proposed by the Sena-
tor from Rhode Island.
Mr. FOSTER. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the committee on the eighty-sixth page
by striking out "twenty-four," in line sixty-
three of section thirteen, and inserting " eight-
een and by striking out " thirty" in line
sixty-four, and inserting "twenty-four." It is
in reference to the duties on salt. The clause
as it stands reads thus:
On salt in bulk, and on all rock salt or mineral
salt, twenty-four cents per one hundred pounds.
I propose to strike out "twenty-four" and
to insert '' eighteen.''
On salt in bags or sacks, thirty cents per one
hundred pounds.
1 propose to strike out "thirty" and insert
" twenty-four."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will simply say in
explanation that this is a matter for the Senate
to judge. The report of the Commissioner was
precisely as the: honorable Senator moves now
to amend. The committee, however, raised it
somewhat and put it up to its present .position.
The committee were not unanimous on the
subject, but. the majority of the committee
thought it best to propose-these duties instead
of those recommended by the Commissioner.
This is one of those cases in which we varied
from his report.
Mr. FOSTER. I really hope, Mr. President,
that the amendment will be made, for I think
the present duty is altogether too high. The
duty of eighteen cents per one hundred pounds
on salt in bulk is a duty enormously high.
The duty of twenty-four cents per one hundred
pounds on salt in sacks or otherwise than in
bulk is enormously heavy also ; and it is on an
article, not of luxury, not an article used by the
rich alone, but which enters into the consump-
tion of daily life of the poorest of our people;
an article of prime necessity.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the present duty?
Mr. FOSTER. The present duty is eighteen
cents per one hundred pounds in bulk and
twenty-four cents per one hundred pounds in
sacks or in any other manner than in bulk;
and that I repeat is an enormously high duty.
Senators scarcely realize how heavy it is. In
1801 the duty was only four cents per bushel
in bulk and six cents per bushel in sacks, and
it has now run up to eighteen cents per one
hundred pounds—that is more than a bushel,
it is true—in bulk, and twenty-four cents per
one hundred pounds in sacks. That is more
than one hundred per cent., and the amount
of salt imported has fallen off since this increase
of duty. In the port of New York, where a
very large portion of the foreign salt imported
.is entered, the importation was two million
two hundred and fifty eight thousand eight
hundred and twenty-four bushels less in the
years 1864 and 1865 than in the years 1862
and 1863. I have a memorandum which shows
the percentage which the present rates of
duty—eighteen cents and twenty-four cents—
make on cargoes imported into' the port of
New York under the present law.
The ship Intrepid, from Cadiz, arrived in
New York, February 1, 1866, with a cargo of
salt. That cargo cost at Cadiz, in gold, $3,490.
The owners of the salt paid duty in New York
upon that at the rate of eighteen cents per one
hundred pounds, andthe.amount of duty thus
paid on a cargo which cost only $.3,490 was
$5,62i> 14, being over one hundred and sixty
per cent, duty on a prime necessary of life.
So, again, the bark Emily, from Turk's Isl-
and, brought a cargo of salt to New York, which
cost in Turk's Island $1,329 58. The duties
on that cargo, in gold, at the port of New York,
were $2,122 20, being over one hundred and
sixty per cent, on that cargo. That was. all salt
in bulk.
The ship La Gloire.brought over fifteen hun-
dred tons of common salt from Liverpool, which
cost in that market $4,504 in gold. The duty
on that in gold at New York was $6,003, or
about one hundred and thirty-five per cent.
I submit, Mr. President, that those duties
are enormously high even as compared with
our highest duties on luxuries; and to add now
six cents to the eighteen cents per one hundred
pounds on salt in bulk and six cents to the
twenty-four cents per one hundred pounds on
salt in sacks, making the duty twenty-four
cents on salt in bulk and thirty cents on salt
in sacks, would be a large addition to a burden
which is already quite too severe. I hope that
under these circumstances this amendment
will be made. The honorable chairman of the
Committee on Finance suggests that the com-
mittee were not entirely unanimous in regard
to this clause; there was a difference of opin-
ion ; and I hope we shall be entitled to the
difference for the benefit of all who eat salt,
for that, I trust, is our whole population. That
that article should now be subject to this in-
crease of tax seems to roe not called for by
public necessity, and will be adding to tho
public burdens without really any good reason.
Mr. CHANDLER. Something more than
a year ago there was a meeting called of the
salt interest in the United States here, repre-
senting New York, West Virginia, Tennessee,
Michigan, and other salt-producing districts,
and it was then decided that forty cents was
as low a duty as ought to be imposed upon
foreign salt. The whole of salt is labor.
Michigan possesses salt enough to supply the
world for a million years. Our salt basin
is one hundred and twenty miles in diameter,
and you can bore anywhere and pump salt.
All the salt water is of the very purest descrip-
tion ; some of it as pure as ninety-five per
cent, by the salt meter. In 1860, when, as the
Senator says, the duty was six cents per one hun-
dred pounds, we could produce salt for seventy-
five cents a barrel and make money. It is all
labor. To-day, with tho internal revenue taxes
that you have placed upon every article of
consumption of the laborer we cannot pro-
duce it without a loss at two dollars per barrel.
There is an actual loss to-day in manufactur-
ing salt at two dollars per barrel, whereas in
1860 we could manufacture it at seventy-five
cents.
Now, sir, instead of reducing this duty from
twenty-foar to eighteen cents, I had intended
to move to increase it to thirty cents as a fair
protection and the lowest protection the salt
interest ought to demand; but upon consulta-
tion with my colleague we concluded to let it
go as it is. However, if a change of the duties
fixed in the bill is insisted upon, I shall then
move to give a fair protection, which will be
