74
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 23,
Senate.
The Tariff—Mr. Sherman.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
president of the Wool-Growers' Association,
in September, 1866, said that now the average
price, forty-two and eight tenths cents per
pound is a full remuneration for wool growing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a typograph-
ical error; it should be 1863.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am glad of that because
a good deal of complaint has been made on this
point. I was about to say that Mr. Randall's
statement, or book, was written in 1863, and
was based upon calculations made prior to
January, 1862, and prior to any increase on the
price growing out of the war. The computa-
tion made by him was literally true, that at
forty-two and eight tenths cents per pound for
wool, the average rate, the business of sheep-
growing would be a remunerative one. The
paper as printed here, would indicate thatilr.
Randall said in September, 1866, that was a
remunerative price: but I am glad to hear that
it was a typographical error; it ought to be
corrected. If the wool-grower now had forty-
two and eight tenths cents per pound in gold
for his wool—and that was what Mr. Randall
was talking about—it would be all he wants,
all he could ask. But now this same report
goes on and says:
" The present prices of New England, New York,
and Ohio unwashed Vools(New York Price Current,
November 3, 1866) range from thirty to forty-six
cents per pound, and at these rates it is claimed that
the business of wool-growing, particularly in the
States of New York. Pennsylvania, and Ohio, ia very
for from remunerative."
This report, with the correction of date,
shows that while the price of wool for a period
of years before 1862 was forty-two and eight-
tenths cents in gold, now in currency the
average price of that same wool is less than it
was in gold a few years ago. Is it possible
that the wool-growers can continue their indus-
try upon this basis ? Does it not appear from
the very facts here stated that all the increased
price of that wool and the labor that goes into
its consumption, and the elements which form
its cost, ^11 of them have been increased by a
paper currency and your system of internal tax-
ation, while the product of their industry has
not gone up any? Can you suppose the men
thus engaged in an industry which yields one
hundred million pounds of wool, or at the old
rates $42,000,000, can carry on that industrial
pursuit without some protection? The manu-
facturer on the New England or Atlantic coast
anywhere starting his mills can send to South
America and buy his wool cheaper than he
can in Ohio. The cost of freight from Ohio is
fully as great as the cost from South America—
the precise rates I cannot tell, water trans-
portation is so much cheaper. Is it possible
for the wool-grower thus to compete? Unless
you give him a protection equivalent to the-
advance of your paper money, the advance of
prices since we nave substituted paper money
for gold, can you expect him to be satisfied?
The wool-growers of this country, as a geueral
rule, are among the small farmers of the coun-
try. The great body of sheep are owned in
small flocks of from one hundred to two hun-
dred. Very few, comparatively, have large
flocks. They are the common farmers of the
country, and when they see that their product,
upon which they rely to help to pay your in-
ternal taxes, has not advanced in price one
Cent beyond what it was at the beginning of
the war, and that they are now with insufficient
protection called upon to compete with South
America and all the cheap wool-producing
countries, can you expect them to be satisfied?
In Canada the duty on Canadian wool is
three cents a pound. The average duty, as
shown by the tables here paid on South Amer-
ican wool, is a little over four and a half cents
a pound. Certain wools are brought in at
three cents; ccrtain wools at six cents; cer-
tain wools at-twelve cents. The average as
shown by the tables is four and a half cents.
The gold value of the wool, according to this
statement, before the war was forty-two and
eight tenths cents ; so that the actual protec-
tion which the farmer now gets to compen-
sate for all the derangement of the currency,
for all his share of internal taxes, is only one
tenth of what the cost of every pound of his
wool was in 1862. Under these circumstances
you must expect him to be dissatisfied.
When these two rival interests met together
in a convention called by the manufacturers
themselves, and the whole matter was there
discussed, it was agreed between them after
full and ample discussion that the rates of duty
reported by the Senate bill should be given
them, and they were satisfied with them, and
have never called them in question. The
manufacturers then made the claim that if the
duty was put on wool they ought to have a cor-
responding duty on the cloth. That was freely
yielded. The principle is proper; that is, if a
duty is levied upon the raw article, an equiva-
lent amount should be added to the duty on
the product in order to enable the American
producer who convert that wool into cloth to
compete with the foreign producer. That was
freely yielded. I trust, therefore, that on this
subject of wool which has given rise to a great
deal of debate on the present tariff, and which
probably is under a more depressed condition
at this moment than any other industrial inter-
est of the United States, the arrangements
between the wool-growers and the wool-man-
ufacturers will be carried out. I would prefer
myself to take it in the very words they have
given us, so that if they are not satisfied here-
after they cannot complain of the proper com-
mittees of Congress fjr any mistake. I would
take them at their word. I think their demand
is a reasonable one, and I would be willing to
give it to them as they ask it, so that if there
is anything wrong in the practical working of
their scheme they themselves may have the
responsibility of it.
It is said, I know, that there was a very im-
portant class of our people not consulted when
this arrangement was made. That is true: the
consumers were not consulted, and the consum-
ers have to pay the increased cost; but all other
branches of industry in which these same con-
sumers are interested are sufficiently protected
by the duties imposed by this bill. I he duties
on wool and the duties on all agricultural prod-
ucts provided for in this bill are less per cent.
ad valorem than the duties on manufactures.
This is properly so, because they are so bulky
that they protect themselves in great measure,
and because on account of the cheapness of
our land we have the advantage over foreign-
ers and have less need for protection.
Here, in order to save me from addressing
the Senate again, I may say that there is another
agricultural interest in which the people of
Indiana and Ohio are very largely interested,
and that is flaxseed. By the present tariff,
with which they are very much dissatisfied, the
duty on flaxseed is a little less than eleven
cents a bushel. There is a nominal duty of
sixteen cents, but a reduction is made from
that duty of the drawback on the cake made
from imported seed, which reduces the duty in
favor of the farmer to about ten and a half
cents. The effect of that drawback is that
American cake or cake made from American
seed in the city of New York, of the same
quality and the same kind, lying side by side
with the cake made from the imported seed, is
not worth so much by five cents a bushel as
the foreign cake. That discrimination is made
against our own industry. The duty then is
really less than eleven cents a bushel, and at
present prices it is only about five per cent.
ad valorem.., while on the other hand on flax-
seed oil, which is nothing but the expressed
juice of the flaxseed imported from India,
there is a duty of twenty-three cents a gallon,
or what is equivalent to a duty of about fifty-
one cents on a bushel of seed, so that the dis-
crimination made against the agriculturist is
about forty cents a bushel. There is great
complaint of this. That the crusher ought to
have some protection there is no doubt, though
I think myself the crushing of the India seed
is one of those forced unnatural trades that can
only be sustained by a very high rate of taxa-
tion, but as it is in existence I am willing to
give it a fair protection. That is one point of
difference between the House and Senate bill,
and as I do not intend to enter into the discus-
sion of the question hereafter I will simply say
that the House had the subject before them a
long time, and after much controversy settled
it I think on a proper basis by giving thirty
cents duty on the seed and thirty cents a gallon
on the oil which is equivalent to a protection
of thirty-seven and a half cents per bushel to
the crusher of imported seed. If the oil is
imported in the seed it will pay a duty of thirty
cents a bushel, which will produce two and a
quarter gallons of oil or fourteen cents a gal-
lon.* If imported as oil it will pay a duty of
thirty cents a gallon, giving to the crusher a
protection of sixteen cents a gallon for the
simplest form of mechanical labor. Surely this
is enough.
Mr. President, there is only one part of this
bill to which I wish now to call the attention
of the Senate, and that but for a few moments.
The Secretary of the Treasury in his annual
report states that the extent of the underval-
uations and fraudulent importation of foreign
goods amounts to about twenty per cent, of
the whole. That this is true is known to every
one in the trade. In certain articles, which are
solely manufactured for the American market,
the invoice prices are merely nominal, and as
most of the duties are ad valorem they pay
merely nominal amounts. The loss from this
source and from smuggling according to the
report x)f the Treasury, is $35,000,000 a year.
It is manifest that this ought to be corrected,
and that all classes, especially the American im-
porter, who is usually honest, ougl>t to seek to
remedy it. It is said that on account of this sys-
tem of undervaluation many branches of our
foreign trade have got into the hands of unprin-
cipled men. Merchants who have their chief
office abroad invoice their goods and consign
them to an agent here, so that we have no re-
sponsible person to punish for a violation of
our laws. The present remedy is to seize the
goods and go through a long litigation about it.
On account of the prevalence of ad valorem
duties and the difficulty of ascertaining the real
value of the goods at the place of exportation
frauds that are manifest on the face cannot be
detected because there is really no value to the
goods in the market at the place from whence
they are exported.^
This has been a'subjeet of much inquiry in
England and France, and it appears that in
England they have adopted a system by which
they dispense with custom-house oaths, but
by inspection ascertain the true valuation of
the goods. If in the opinion of the proper
appraisers the goods are undervalued the Gov-
ernment simply says to the importers, '' I will
take these goods at your price, and allow you
a reasonable profit on them," and they are
sold for public use.. The result has been in
England, I am told, to break up all systems
of undervaluation. The same principle has been
introduced into the treaty between France and
Italy, a copy of which I have before me, so
that if goods are imported from Italy to France,
or vice versa, and when received at the custom-
house, if, by inspection it is ascertained that
they are undervalued to the extent of five per
cent., they seize them for the Government,
and they are sold for public use. The im-
porter receives his own valuation for the goods
together with a profit of five per cent. If he
complains he is sufficiently answered by say-
ing, "We took your goods at your own price,
at your own valuation ; if there is an error you
made it yourself." The result has been that
undervaluation is too dangerous to be practiced.
I do not learn of anybody who ever got the
