1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I4A5
did return. I believe in it now. Who hag
abandoned those ideas and those declarations?
When the Congress of the United States, in
1862, by an enactment, declared expressly that
the President of the Ugited States should have
powerto grant pardon and amnesty to those who
had been in rebellion against the United States
upon such terms and such conditions as he,
should deem proper, which law remained un-
repealed upon our statute-boobs till January,
1867, I believed that those States and the peo-
ple of those States had a right to return to their
allegiance and accept pardon and amnesty.
I believe, also, that the proclamations of am-
nesty of President Lincoln in 1,862 and 1863, and
of President Johnson in 1865, were not only
constitutional under the power which the Con-
stitution gives, but they were sanctioned by the
- express authority of Congress itself. I hold
that it is founded upon a basis which cannot
be shaken, it is as firm as the rock of Gibraltar
itself, that every man who accepted pardon
and amnesty upon those terms, thus tendered
by the President, in pursuance of the Consti-
tution, and in pursuance of the express law of
Congress, has been restored to all his rights as
a citizen; and there is no power in Congress,
and no power on this earth that can justly
deprive him of them. Sir, the good faith of
this nation is pledged in the most solemn form;
and though this pledge was given to men who
were once enemies, and been accepted by them
as the condition of their return to friendship
and to allegiance as citizens of this Republic,
that pledge cannot be broken without covering
this nation with infamy. Infamy does not ex-
press what ought to be said of the proposition
thus to break this plighted faith.
I may be mistaken, sir, I may be blinded in
all this. Other men may justify themselves in
their own consciences for annulling at one
sweep those pardons, and trampling under their
feet those rights of citizenship which those par-
dons have restored ; but, sir, with my views of
the subject, it is just as inherently wrong by
any ex post facto law or proceeding to under-
take to annul the pardons thus given and thus
accepted as it would be to try and condemn a
person who has pnee been tried and acquitted.
It is a violation of the national faith. _ It is in
my judgment an outrage upon the rights of
civilized man either inpeace or in war. _ What-
ever in the heat of the moment partisans of
this day may now say or may now do, history,
impartial history, will arraign the deed as a
crime against civilization. She will hold it up
to the execration of all mankind-; she will pass
inexorable judgment against it; and with her
whip of scorpions scourge it through all time.
Mr. President, Mr. Lincoln proclaimed those
fundamental ideas of restoration in which I
have believed, and which I have sustained for
more than four years. Every day has deep-
ened and strengthened my convictions of their
wisdom and tlieir truth. He and the mass
of the great Union party which he led stead-
fastly believed in them, and until the time of his
death he continued to advocate and to urge
them upon his countrymen.
That policy was, with very few exceptions,
cordially sustained by the Legislature which
reelected me in 1863. It was sustained by the
National Union party which renominated and
reelected Mr. Lincoln in 1864. I do not say
that there were not some Radicals who op-
posed it then. I must admit there are a great
many now who oppose it* I find the facts very
precisely and ably stated in a speech of Gen-
eral Thomas Ewing, jr., from which I will read
an extract:
" In the early spring of 1864 a national convention
was called to meet in Cleveland to nominate Fre-
mont or Chase for President, denounce Mr. Lincoln s
policy of restoration, and rend him of the party.
" The call of that convention sounds like a blast from
the bugle of (Jreelcy or Forney of to-day. Hear it:
"' The imbecile and vacillating policy of the present
Administration, its treachery to justice and freedom
in its plan of reconstruction, whereby the honor and
dignity ofthe nation haYcbeensacrificed in concilia-
ting the arrogant slave power and to further the ends
of an unscrupulous ambition, call in thunder tones
upon the lovers of justice and their country to como
to the rescuo of the imperiled nationality and the
cause of impartial justice and universal freedom,
threatened with betrayal and overthrow.'
" It is hard to realize the fact that this thunderbolt
was aimed atPresidentLiricoln two years ago instead
of at President Johnson this year. But the thunder-
bolts of to-day are forged on the same anvil, and
hurled by the same hand, as those which fell in noisy
impotence at the feet of Abraham Lincoln."
Nearly all of the present Radical leaders of Con-
gress were notoriously in full sympathy with this
movement, but only a few of them were bold or rash
enough to commit themselves to it openly and in
advance. They knew Mr. Lincoln's high place in the
hearts and confidence of the war party, and, though
they then as now had the organization of the party
in their hands, they halted and baulked when the
issue eame,
" 'Afeared
To be the same in their own act and valor,
As they were in desire.'
"Grata Brown, "Wade, Davis, Cochrane, Pomeroy,
Wendell Phillips, Moss, Fred. Douglass, and a few
hundred leaders of less note,' stood the hazard of the
die."" ":t * - * ' 35 * "*■
" The convention nominated Fremont and Coch-
rane; denounced the President's restoration policy;
claimed that all power over the subject belongs to
Congress; and insisted on the disfranchisement of all
rebels repentant and unrepentant and the confisca-
tion of all their lands for our soldiers. Its platform
was pretty radical, but fell a bow-shot short of the
radical programme of to-day, omitting as it did negro
suffrage.
" Then followed the convention of the war party at
Baltimore, which unanimously indorsed Piesident
Lincoln's policy, renominated him by acclamation,
admitted to seats and votes in the convention the
delegates chosen from Arkansas, Tennessee, and Lou-
isiana, which had been recognized under his procla-
mation; and declared in aplatfonn reported by Henry
J. Raymond, that the only conditions of peace and
reunion 'shall be the unconditional surrender of
hostility by the rebels, and their return to their alle-
giance to the Constitution and laws of the United
States.' '
"To make its repudiation of the theories of the Rad-
ical faction more marked, the convention nominated
Andrew Johnson, of Tennessee, for Vice President,
against the protest of that faction led by Thaddkcs
Stevens, who declared that patriot State was but a
conquered province, and her loyal son ' an alien
enemy.' The war party hailed the triumph of the
President and his restoration policy over the Rad-
icals, and indorsed them overwhelmingly. The lead-
ers of that faction, baffled and overthrown, clung to
the skirts of the Administration, and were carried
with it again into power. The Radical ship launched
at Cleveland was abandoned almost before it touched
water, and afte  drifting idly a month or more sunk
unnoticed, and, I regret to add, without its crew."
This last expression is to be taken of course
in a political sense.
This bolting convention of Radicals at
Cleveland was condemned in severest terms by
the great mass of the Union party in the coun-
try, which maintained and continued to main-
tain the policy of Mr. Lincoln. In 1864 that
policy of reconstruction was boldly advocated
by the leaders of the Republican party upon
the floor of this Senate in the case of Arkansas.
In 1865, in the case of Louisiana, that policy
was sustained in this Senate by a majority
among Republicans of three to one.
In spite of this false and unfounded charge,
that I have abandoned my avowed principles,
I have the satisfaction of knowing that in ad-
hering to them now, as well as during the life-
time of Mr. Lincoln, in standing for them
through good report and through evil report,
I have been endeavoring to discharge the high-
est possible duty to my country, to the Con-
stitution, and to liberty itself. Other men. as
they have the right clearly and unquestionably,
may change their opinions of that policy.
Multitudes who once hailed its triumphant
march under President Lincoln, with glad
hosannas casting their garments and flowers
of adulation at its feet, may now cry out
suuuLiu^, Crucify it, crucify    - -
lieve in the justice and wisdom of that policy
and the principles upon which it was founded.
I believe that the States still live, that they
are still States under the Constitution which
forms the Union, and that to declare any other
doctrine is to dissolve the Union and destroy
the Government. I believe that so long as
republican liberty is to exist in this country
under our Constitution and laws the people of
those States have a right to be represented m
the Government which taxes and rules them.
I believe that the purpose of our war was to
compel those who had been disloyal to return
to their allegiance to the Constitution and the
Union ; and further, that after that return those
who were once in rebellion against the Govern-
ment, upon their acceptance of pardon and am-
nesty tendered by the President, under the
constitutional power which he possesses as
such, and under the express provisions of the
law of Congress, are restored to their rights,
which no power on earth can justly take away.
I hold that Congress has no right to impose
as a condition-precedent to these States being
represented in the Union that they shall join in
the change of the Constitution and shall be
forced to adopt that change at the point of the
bayonet.
Heaven only knows what is in reserve for us
in the future, and perhaps in the immediate
future; but when we have done all and suffered
all and borne all that is to come, we shall come
back at last, if this Republic is to live at all, to
the fundamental and vital principles upon
which the Lincoln-Johnson policy rests, upon
which alone it can rest, upon which alone con-
stitutional liberty can be maintained in this
great Republic.
I believe, sir, as much as I believe in my
existence, that if at the beginning of the last
Congress this policy of Mr. Lincoln had been
sustained and cordially accepted by Congress
by the admission to seats in the two Houses of
loyal representatives from those States, not
receiving any others, almost all the evils which
are now upon us would have been avoided.
The Union would have been completely re-
stored. Every State would have been repre-
sented by loyal men ready to join with all their
hearts in the great duty of the hour, namely,
to rebuild and restore the places made waste
by war. Our national credit would have been
restored. Our six per cent, bonds would have
commanded gold at par in all the money cen-
ters of the world. Specie payment would have
resumed itself without shock and without con-
vulsion. So far from increasing the pay of the
officers of the Army, as now proposed by the
bill on your table, thirty-three and one third per
cent., instead of largely increasing, doubling,
and perhaps quadrupling as we shall be com-
pelled to do the standing Army, that standing
danger of this and of all other republics, we
could have reduced it below twenty thousand
men. The tranquil administration of the civil
law by civil tribunals would have reigned
throughout our vast domain. Peace and fra-
ternity would have stricken hands together.
Libei ty and Union long ago would have kissed
each other.
Mr. President, I shall detain the Senate but
a few moments longer. I desire in a few words
to speak of the precise point upon which the
Radicals of Wisconsin and elsewhere have
♦called me in question. In the Union conven-
tion at Madison, in 1865, I had the honor of
being a member and was chairman of the com-
mittee on resolutions. In that committee it
was proposed to make direct and open war
upon the reconstruction policy of Lincoln and
Johnson, by a resolution declaring that the
States of the South were to be regarded as
conquered territories, and in express terms
requiring as a condition-precedent to their
admission to the right ot representation the
adoption of negro suffrage. I opposed thai
resolution in the committee ; I opposed it in the
convention, which laid it upon the table by ;i
large majority. It is for that act, sir, for oppos-
ing these two ideas which are now embodied
in these very bills now upon your table that
uncompromising war was made upon me by
the Radicals of Wisconsin. It first showed
itself in the call of a bolting Radical conven-
tion at Janesville, in that State, called for the
purpose of denouncing me and denouncing
the Union convention of the State, which sus-
tained me. From that day to this the vials
of relentless wrath and intolerance have been
poured upon my head. The furnace of denun-
ciation has been heated seven times hotter than
usual. The weak, the time-serving, the cow-
ardly, and even many good men have given
way before the storm. But, sir, during all tins
tornado I have never wavered lor one moments.
