682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
Mr. FOSTER. If the honorable Senator
will allow me, I will ask him why it is neces-
sary,'in order to put all upon an equal footing,
to make the importer of salt pay one hundred
per cent, duty when no other importer of the
necessaries of life pays the fourth of that?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have only to say in
answer to that argument _that the practical
experience of the men who"are engaged in the
business is better than any theory that can be
advanced. If it be a fact that under the exist-
ing tariff the importations of salt are breaking
down and destroying the business of its manu-
facture in the United States I care not what
theory is advanced on the subject; the practi-
cal fact is evidence that the business needs pro-
tection ; and that is the point upon which I rely.
I believe that the representations that were
made to the committee by these persons were
reliable; and as all other articles are protected,
as prices have greatly advanced, as the price of
wood and the price of coal consumed in the
manufacture of salt and the price of labor has
advanced, and as all the other articles which
are used by the men engaged in this business
are taxed and their price increased by the
addition of a higher tariff, it seems to me that
these reasons ought to satisfy us that this bill
is not an unreasonable bill in the protection it
affords to salt manufacturers.
Mr. POSTER. The honorable Senator from
Michigan seems to think that a great deal is
achieved by dividing the amount which would
be saved by the reduction ,of this duty among
all the population of the United States, and
showing what a very insignificant fractional
amount it is when apportioned to cach indi-
vidual of our population. It is very true that
the sum is trivial, very trivial under those cir-
cumstances ; but if the honorable Senator will
weigh his argument a little he will find it, I
think, much lighter even than the fraction
which he has calculated. When really stated
in its force and effect, it is that this burden is
so universally diffused and diffused over every
human being to such an extent that it is no
burden at all, because everybody feels it. Sup-
pose that all the salt in the United States costs
forty cents per one hundred pounds more—not
the few ounces or few pounds that each indi-
vidual consumes, but the whole consumption
of the country—compute forty cents per one
hundred pounds, on the whole consumption of
the country, and it would make an amount
that would startle the honorable Senator from
Michigan. He is accustomed to deal in large
figures. I do not know that it would make
much difference even if he had the whole to
pay, but it would make a vast deal of differ-
ence with some humbler individuals of the
Senate who do not handle quite as much
money as the honorable Senator.
I suppose the fair statesman-like view to
take of a question of this sort is, how much is
saved to the country ? How many thousands
or hundreds of thousands of dollars are saved
to the country ? And although it may amount
to but a few hundred thousand dollars saved
to the country, and divided among thirty mil-
lion people, to each individual it would be
a very small amount, still I suppose statesmen
regard legislation when it comes to hundreds
of thousands of dollars as of some consequence.
But divide it among thirty millions, and call
upon each to pay his pai'ticular share, and it
is quite laughable to say that it is worth talk-
ing about! But that I submit, Mr. President,
is not statesmanship. We are here legislating
for the benefit of the country; and if we can
save the country—I mean the population, the
people of the country—even the little pitiful
sum of $100,000, I think it is our duty to do
it; if we can save them $500,000 I think it is
our duty to do it. On that basis my opinions
rest, and not on the fact that when we come to
divide the duty among thirty millions on the
whole it will be quite light to each person.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, West Vir-
ginia abounds in this mineral as well as min-
erals of almost every other character.^ Some.
of my constituents have their capital invested
in the manufacture of salt, and I suppose a
great many more of them not so engaged are
consumers of the article. I quite concur with
the Senator from Connecticut tha^ the burdens
of Government should rest as lightly as pos-
sible on the necessaries of life ; but at the same
time it appears to me that the necessaries of
life, because they are such, more especially
need protection; that is to say, I think it would
be bad policy to allow ourselves to become
wholly dependent upon foreign Powers, upon
importation, for any of the necessaries of life';
ana therefore it involves the propriety, as I
think, of affording to the manufacturers of salt,
which is one of the necessaries of life, such
protection as shall enable them entirely to
compete with the foreign article. What would
be the result of allowing our manufactories of
salt to go down? One result certainly would
follow, and that is: that instead of reducing the
price of this necessary of life, when there was
no competitor in the market, the foreign pro-
ducer or importer would most certainly increase
the price. When there was no competition,
of course the price of the article would neces-
sarily be increased.
Again, sir, and more especially in time of
war between us and any of those countries
from which we derive this article, if the man-
ufactories of salt at home should go down for
want of protection, we should be in a very dis-
agreeable situation. The point, therefore,
that I desire to make is this: that because salt
is a necessary of life, it therefore more espe-
cially requires protection to such an extent as
will enable our manufactories of salt in this
country fairly to compete with the foreign
article. It seems to be conceded that our
manufactories at home do need protection to
some extent in order to enable them to do
this. It is essential, therefore, to keep in
operation our domestic manufactories in order
that we may not be dependent upon the for-
eign article for this necessary of life.
There is another necessity that would neces-
sarily ensue from a reasonable protection of
the article at home, and that is it would
attract capital and labor to the manufacture
of this article ; manufactories of it would be
multiplied; the amount of the article pro-
duced would be greatly increased; the rela-
tion between the supply and the demand would
be made different from what it now is. The
supply would be greater than the demand, and
that would bring down this necessary of life in
its price, in its estimated value ; and in that
way this necessary of life would be furnished
to the people at cheaper rates than it even
now is.
This, sir, is no new idea. We have had it
exemplified in almost all articles of New Eng-
land manufacture. In the rough article of cot-
tons, for instance, we can make them cheaper
at home now than the foreign article can be
introduced into our country without any tariff
at all, dutyfree; and how has this resulted?
It has resulted from the protection which we
have afforded to our own manufactures here at
home. The same result to some extent would
occur in the manufacture of salt. Protection
would attract capital to that business, increase
the production, and decrease the price of this
necessary of life. I hope, inasmuch as the
committee have settled upon the duty as it
now is in the bill, that it will be allowed to
remain.
Mr. MORGAN. It must be evident to every
one that in the bill which is reported by the
committee the industries of the country are
very largely protected. That fact must be
evident from the debate which has taken place
here to-day. No one can deny that all the
industries of the country are protected, and
probably protected to a greater extent in this
bill than they-have been in any former bill.
The manufacture of salt is one of those indus-
tries—a very large interest in the State of New
York. The arguments that have been pre-
sented here were presented to the Committee
on Finance, of which I happen to be a mem-
ber. Gentlemen appeared before the com-
mittee and made statements showing that the
manufacture of salt required the duty which
the committee finally agreed to impose. Those
rates, as I understand,- are precisely the same
as those passed by the House of Representa-
tives. They do not appear to be so in.the bill
as it came from the House;, but I think that is
a misprint. I think they passed in the House
at twenty-four and thirty cents, although the
latter rate appears in the House bill as printed
at thirty-six cents. I believe the duty on salt
in the bill as it passed the House of Repre-
sentatives is precisely the same as reported by
the Committee on Finance. I hope, therefore,
as we have adhered, and I have myself, to the
report of the committee on these other items,
that the report of the committee will be adhered
to on the article of salt.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Connecticut.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon that amendment. I do not wish to take
up time, but the Senate is so thin that I must
ask for the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Fogg, Foster,
Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson, Norton, Patterson,
Sumner, and Trumbull—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Conness, Cres-
well. Edmunds. Fessenden, Frelinshuysen, Harris,
Howard. Howe, Morgan, Morrill, Poland, Stewart,
Wade, Willey, Williams, and Wilson—IB.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Cowan, Cragin, Davis,
Dixon, Doolittle, Fowler, Grimes, Guthrie, Kirkwood,
Lane, McDougall, Nesmith, Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Riddle, Ross, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague, Van
Winkle, and Yates—23.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. CRESWELL. I move to amend the
amendment of the committee on page 63, line
five hundred and forty-six of section nine, by
striking out the word "four" and inserting
"five;" so as to make the line read:
On chromate and bichromate of potassa, five cents
per pound.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest to the Chair
that the word "four" hasbeen inserted already
in that clause by a vote of the Senate, and
henoe a motion to strike it out and insert an-
other sum would not be in order at this time,
I should suppose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Vermont is right. An amendment
has already been made in that clause. The
Senator from Maryland can accomplish his
object by making his motion when the bill
comes in the Senate. It cannot be made in
committee.
Mr. CRESWELL. I will make a motion,
then, to strike out the whole of the fiye hun-
dred and forty-sixth line.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment is in order.
Mr. CRESWELL. And to insert in lieu
thereof:
On chromate and bichromate of potassa, five cents
per pound.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That would not be in
order any more than the other, I take it.
Mr. CRESWELL. The motion was not
before to strike out the whole clause.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is the same thing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Precisely
the same question has been decided) and in
the judgment of the Chair it would not be in
order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state with regard
to that, that the rate of duty was three cents a
pound; the House put it at three and half
Mr. CRESWELL. I call the Senator from
Maine to order. There is no question before
the Senate. [Laughter.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. I submit. Is there no
motion pending?
Mr. CRESWELL. No, sir; the Chair de-
cides the amendment out of order. If I can-
not speak you cannot.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I thought the motion
was pending.
