T6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 17,
Ho. of Reps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Baker.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
choose delegates to a convention to form aState gov-
ernment. The convention shall consist of the same
number of members as the most numerous branch of
the Legislature of said State before the rebellion. It
shall meet at the former capital of said State on the
second Monday of June of said year, at twelve o'clock
noon, with power to adjourn from time to time, and
shall proceed to form a State constitution, which
shall be submitted to the people at such time as the
convention shall direct, and if ratified by a majority
of letral votes shall be declared the constitution of
the State. Congress shall elect a commission for each
of said States, to consist of three persons, who shall
select, or direct the mode of selecting, tho election
officers for the several election districts, which dis-
tricts shall be the same as before the rebellion, unless
altered by said commission. The officers shall consist
of one judge and two inspectors of elections, and two
clerks; the said officers, together with all the ex-
penses of the election, shall be paid by the United
States, and said expenses shall be repaid bysaid State
or Territory. Bach of said officers shall receivo five
dollars per day for tho time actually employed. Each
of the members of said commission shall receive $3,000
per annum, and their clerk $2,000. The commission
shall procure all the necessary books, stationery, and
boxes, and make all regulations to effect tho objects
of this act. The President of the United States and
the military commander of the district shall furnish
so much military aid as the said commissioners shall
deem necessary to protect tho polls and keep the
peace at each of said election districts. If, by any
means, no election should be held in any of said late
States on the day herein fixed, then the olection shall
beheld on the third Monday of May, 1867, in thoman-
ner herein prescribed. Returns of all such elections
shall be made to the said commissioners, whose cer-
tificates of election shall be prima facie evidence of
the fact.
I raise, sir, upon that section the question
of its constitutionality. I do not assert posi-
tively, much less dogmatically, that it is not
constitutional; but I say I cannot see that it is
constitutional; and I direct the attention of
the House to a clause which I read from the
Constitution of the United States:
" He [the President] shall have povrer, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, to make treaties,
provided two thirds of the Senators present concur;
and he shall nominate, and by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate shall appoint, embassadors,
other public ministers and consuls, judges of the Su-
ptemc Court, and all otherofficers ofthe United States,
whose appointments are not herein otherwise pro-
vided for, and which shall be established by law; but
.the Congress may by law vest the appointment of
such inferior officers as they think proper in the
President alone, in the courts of law, or in the head*
of Departments."
Now, sir, the foregoing section of the bill
provides that Congress shall elect a commis-
sion for each of said States, to consist of three
persons, whose functions—large and important
ones it will be admitted—are provided for in the
section.
It will not be pretended, I presume, that the
appointment of this class of Government agents
is "otherwise provided for" in the Constitu-
tion ; and it results seemingly, with entire clear-
ness from the above-quoted clause of that instru-
ment, that if they are to be regarded as officers
of the United States—as indeed what else can
they be—they must be appointed in conformity
with this section of the Constitution; that is,
sir, if we are acting under the Constitution.
If not, then we are out upon a shoreless sea,
without sextant, without compass, without
guiding stars to lighten our pathway over the
deep. I, for one, do not propose to navigate
under any such conditions.
I next draw the attention of the House to
the fourth section of the bill, which is in these
words:
Sec. 4. XncZ be it further enacted. That the persons
Who shall be entitled to vote at both of said elections
snail be as follows: all male citizens aUove the age
o'twenty-one years who have resided six months in
said btate and ten days in the election district: and
no person shall be deprived of the right to vote, or
otherwise disfranchised, by reason of conviction and
punishmont for any crime other than for insurrection
or treason or misprision of treason.
Confining my remarks on this section to the
concluding part of it, I will say that I am ad-
vised of the object had in view by the gentle-
man who put this extraordinary provision in
his bill. It was to guard against disfran-
chisement, by certain iniquitous procedures,
which I am told are being instituted and car-
ried on wholesale in these States, «r in some
of them. It is well, indeed, to guard against
that kind of alleged procedure on the part of
those who are now controlling the destinies of
these States. The object is a good one, cer-
tainly; but why shall we provide that all the
common criminals in ten States may be voters?
Sir, the penitentiaries of these States might
disgorge their inmates upon the polls under
the operation of this bill. Why, in our dread
of Scylla should we drive sheer upon Charvb-
dis? 3
Mr. STEVENS took the floor.
Mr. BAKER. I will say, before I yield,
that in my opinion the Committee on Recon-
struction can pilot us more safely and wisely
than that.
Mr. STEVENS. This provision only refers
to the preliminary constitution, and goes no
further than that; then it exhausts itself. I
will add that yesterday I received information
which justifies this clause in the bill. A gen-
tleman told me he saw last week white men
who only received a slap upon the back, while
black men received seventeen lashes, every
lash bringing the blood; and this they did to
show that the law was impartially executed.
Mr. BAKER. That mitigates, but does not
remove the objection. I do not suppose it
would be a very difficult thing to provide for
the end had in view by the gentleman without
adopting the extraordinary and unheard-of
provision that robbers, thieves, murderers, and
criminals in general may be empowered to
exercise the elective franchise in laying anew
the foundations of a State government. I
really think that provisos and qualifications
could be devised securing the object of the
gentleman on the onehand, and guarding against
such undesirable results on the other.
But a more weighty objection, perhaps, than
any I have stated grows out of the following
portion of the sixth section ofthe bill:
n/4?!6.? U /uXier That all persons who on
tho 4th day of March, 1861, wore of full age. and who
at any time held office, either civil or military, under
the government called the "confederate States of
America, or who swore allegiance to said govern-
ment, are hereby declared to have forfeited their cit-
izenship and to have renounced allegiance to tho
United States, and shall not be entitled to exercise
tho elective franchise or hold office until five years
after they shall have filed their intention or desire
to bo reinvested with the right of citizenship, and
shall swear allegiance to the United States and re-
nounce allegiance to all other Governments or pre-
tended governments; the said application to be filed
and oath taken in the same courts that by law are
authorized to naturalize foreigners.
Now, sir, the objection which I take to this
language is, that it assumes that the status of
a portion of those who have been in revolt
against the United States is such that they are
not citizens of the United States ; in fact, that
they occupy the position of aliens to the United
States. I maintain such is not the law of the
case; and I desire to draw the attention ofthe
House to some authorities on this important
legal question, which appear to me to be entitled
to great consideration.
The decision of the Supreme Court in what
are termed the prize cases I have never known
called in question by any loyal man in Amer-
ica. On the contrary, it was everywhere hailed
as a most admirable utterance of the court—
sound in patriotism and sound in law. A por-
tion of that decision has been cited, if I mis-
take not, by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
to help out the idea that the revolted States did
in some way succeed in placing themselves in
a position of legal independence ofthe United
States ; and this is the part:
" Hence, in organizing this rebellion, they have
acted as states claiming to be sovereign over all per-
sons and property within their respective limits, and
asserting a right to absolve their citizens from their
allegiance to the Federal Government. Several of
these States have combined to form a new confeder-
acy, claiming to be acknowledged by the world as a
sovereign State. Their right to do so is now being
decided oy wager of battle. ' The ports and territory
of each of these States are being held in hostility to
the General Government. It is no loose, unorgan-
ized insurrection, having no defined boundary or
possession; it has a boundary marked by lines of
bayonets and which can be crossed only by force.
South of this lino is enemies'territory, because it is
claimed and held in possession by an organised, hos-
tile. and belligerent power."
Now, from that language it has been sought
to make out some intendment in favor of the
position that the rebellion succeeded in some
way in placing itself beyond the legal sover-
eignty of the United States. Plainly the words
bear no such meaning. They are to the effect
that confederate sovereignty was a thing as-
serted by the rebels, but not admitted by this
Government, nor accomplished as a legal fact.
But the court proceeded positively to exclude
"such an unwarranted intendment by saying in
the same immediate connection—
"All persons residing within this territory whose
property may be used to increase the revenues of the
hosl lie Power are, in this contest, liablo to be treated
as enemies though not foreigners."
_ Well, sir, I submit they must either be for-
eigners or citizens of the United States; and
if they are not to be treated as foreigners, the
reason is that they have not by their act of
rebellion absolved themselves from allegiance
to the supreme sovereignty of the Republic.
But the court in the same decision say ex-
pressly :
"Now, it is a proposition never doubted that the
belligerent party^ who claims to be sovereign may
exercise both belligerent and sovereign rightsi"
That is, the exercise of the powers of war,
and the extension of belligerent rights to the
rebels as public enemies, was, in law, no abdi-
cation of the sovereignty of the Government
over these same rebels.
And here the court refer to a decision in 4
Cranch, 272, to the material part of which, as
bearing directly upon the question I am con-
sidering, I call the attention of the House. It
is the case of Rose vs. Himely—the decision
having been rendered by Chief Justice Mar-
shall, in 1808, long before this iniquitous rebel-
lion in behalf of slavery and against liberty and
civilization threw its ugly and bloody front
across the pathway of the Republic. In that
decision the court say :
"Thecolony of St. Domingo, originally belonging
to France, had broken thebond which connectedlier
with the parent State, had declared herself inde-
pendent, and was endeavoring to support that inde-
pendence by arms. France still asserted her claim
of sovereignty, and hi^i employed a military forcoia
support of that claim. A war de facto then unques-
tionably existed between Franoe and St. Domingo.
It has been argued that the colony, having declared
itself a sovereign State, and having thus far main-
tained its sovereignty by arms, must be considered and
treated by other nations as sovereign in fact, and as
being entitled to maintain the same intercourse with
the world that is maintained by other belligerent
nations. In support of this argument the doctrines
of Vattcl have been particularly referred to. But
the language of that writer is obviously addressed to
sovereigns, not to court.". It is for Governments to
decide whether they will consider St. Domingo as an
independent nation, and until such decision shall be
made, or Franco shall relinquish hor claim, courts
of justice must consider the ancient state of things
as remaining unaltered, and the sovereign power
of France over her colony as still subsisting."
Now, the court here very properly say that
the language of Vattel is obviously addressed
to sovereigns, not to courts. If France had
recognized the independence of St. Domingo
that would have constituted her a new sov-
ereign State, and put her at once in a posi-
tion beyond the sovereignty of the mother
country. So in our case: if the United States
had recognized the independence of the rebel
power, that would have placed the revolted
States in a position of independence, and ab-
solved their people from all allegiance to their
late sovereign Power. Bat, on the contrary
thereof, this Government through every one
of its_ departments, legislative, executive, and
judicial, and through a military force of two
millions of men, continually disputed the as-
sumption that there was any sovereignty to be
recognized in the revolted States. And so with
all the nations of the civilized world: not owe
of them at any time recognized the so-called
confederate States as a sovereign Power.
I will next draw the attention of the House
to a particular passage from Vattel, which I
am sure—at least I strongly believe—I have
heard cited upon this floor on more than one
occasion by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
