1867.)
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Regeneration before Reconstruction—Mr. Julian.
Ho. oe Reps.
[Mr. Stevens] in support of his very peculiar
ideas upon this great subject. Before doing
so 1 wili remind the House that in ascertaining
the real meaning of a writer it is best to quote
him by context and not by isolated passages.
Vattel says:
" A civil war breaks the bands of society and gov-
ernment, or at least suspends their forco and effect;
it produces in the nation two independent parties,
who consider each other as enemies, and acknowledge
no common judge. Theso two parties, therefore, must
necessarily bo considered as thenceforward constitut-
ing, at least for a time, two separate bodies, two dis-
tinct societies. Though one of the parties may have
been to blame in breaking the unity of the State and
resisting the lawful authority they are not the less
divided in fact. Besides, who shall judge them? who
shall pronounce on which side the right or thewrong
lies? On earth they have no common superior. They
stand, therefore, in precisely the same predicament
as two nations who engage in a contest, and being
unable to come to an agreement have recourse to
arms."
But a little further along, in the same chap-
ter, on the same subject, Vattel adds:
"When the sovereign has subdued the opposite
Earty, and reduced them to submit and sue for peace,
e may except from the amnesty the authors of the
disturbances—the heads of the party: he may bring
them to a legal trial, and punish them if they be
found guilty.
Now, could that be done if they had attained
a position of independence, or if they had suc-
ceeded in placing themselves beyond the su-
preme sovereignty of the State against which
they were contending? Of course not. So
that the opinion of \ attel upon the subject is
quite in harmony with the opinion of the
Supreme Court of the United States—as indeed
with the very reason of the case, with the prac-
tice of all nations, and with the opinion of
every respectable writer upon public law. I
am unwilling to take any step or* to cast any
vote which assumes that in fundamental law
there ever were, for any one moment of time,
two sovereign Powers inside of the territory of
the Republic. The practical execution of this
unbroken legal sovereignty of the Union was
obstructed, it is true ; but what of that, as
affecting my present argument? Every legal
authority, every legal right, is liable to be ob-
structed. If a man commits a crime, murder
for example, he may put himself in defiance
of the law, and resist or evade its officers for
weeks, months, or years. Can it be main-
tained that in consequence of such an inter-
ruption of its execution there is any suspen-
sion of the authority of the law—any loss of
rightful jurisdiction over the person of the
offender? Certainly not; and the principle fs
the same in the great case as in the small. Here
was a gigantic treasonable combination, large
enough to require two millions of men, first and
last, to put it down ; but yet, from the stand-
point of the Constitution of the United States,
there was no moment at which every one of
these parties in revolt did not in very law owe
allegiance to the Government of the United
States. And if so, if the sovereign power of
the United States was, all through the rebel-
lion, a subsisting fact in law, how can it be
maintained that these men succeeded in pla-
cing themselves in the position of alien ene-
mies, beyond the sovereign jurisdiction of the
United Slates, as we are invited by the sixth
section of this bill to assume they did ?
As to the power of this Government to de-
citizenize rebels by its own act and in due
form of law I say nothing. No such question
is raised by the sixth section of this bill, as I
understand it. It contains no words operating
in presenti, and accomplishing such a purpose
On the part of the Government. It simply
assumes that a certain class of those lately in
rebellion have, heretofore, by their own action,
succeeded in cutting the thread of their alle-
giance to the Government, and_ in placing
themselves, by their own volition, in the status
of aliens or foreigners; and it provides that
they may become naturalized as other foreign-
ers. This assumption, as I have endeavored
to show, receives no countenance from the
law of war, none from the solemn and ap-
proved adjudications of our highest court, and
is, besides all this, a flat stultification of the
entire previous action of every department of
the Government.
But, sir, if I should possibly be mistaken in
my construction of the language of this section
of the bill—if it should be construed as a pres-
ent legislative declaration, decitizenizing the
class of persons therein defined—still I find
very great difficulty in giving it my approval.
To say nothing of such a policy as an original
and open question, I invite the attention of
the House to two important considerations
already briefly alluded to : first, that such action
would contravene the civil rights bill; and sec-
ondly, that it would be in violation of the pro-
posed amendment of the Constitution. The
first section of the civil rights bill enacts:
That all persons born in the United States and not
subject to any foreign Power, excluding Indians not
taxed, are hereby declared to bo citizens of the Uni-
ted States, ifco.
These words, sir, beyond all question, in-
clude the very persons whom the bill before
us proposes to treat as foreigners. Are we i
prepared to take back what we have said in
that bill; to mar at so early a day that great
statute of liberty? I for one shall be slow,
very slow, to aid in the mutilation of so noble
a statute.
But, sir, there is a still more formidable
obstruction barring up the way along which
the gentleman from Pennsylvania would lead
us. The first section of the proposed consti-
tutional amendment, as already cited in my
opening remarks, provides that—
All persons born or naturalized in the United
States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are
citizens of the United States, &c.
These words again, beyond all cavil, embrace
the class of persons whom the gentleman from
Pennsylvania proposes to treat as in the cate-
gory of foreigners.
Now, sir, did we propose this amendment of
the Constitution in good faith? I certainly so
understood it. The Congress proposing it so
understood it, of course. The States that are
ratifying it, one after another, so understand it;
and yet we are now invited to thrust it aside, to
ignore its existence as a fact worthy of no con-
sideration, and to enact a statute in flat viola-
tion of its provisions. Sir, is it fit, is it becom-
ing in this great Legislature of the nation, to
work eight months in the elaboration of a con-
stitutional amendment—a wise, useful, and in-
dispensable amendment, as I regard* it—and
then, immediately after it is sent to the States,
and while the States are rapidly ratifying it, to
turn square around and propose to override by
statute exactly what we have projected by way
of constitutional amendment? Such a line of
policy as coming from the gentleman from
Pennsylvania becomes the more strange and
unaccountable when we remember that it is
his opinion, stoutly and often expressed, that
it only requires three fourths of the loyal
States to ratify the amendment—a number cer-
tain to be obtained. Sir, m my judgment there
is no proper consistency, no solidity or cogency
of action in such a course. It appears to me
like a species of trifling, quite out of place in
an American Congress, to propose an amend-
ment to the Constitution in one breath, and to
proceed at once to disregard the policy it em-
braces in the next—especially in view of the
all but certain prospect of its early ratification.
I next draw the attention of the House to a
similar difficulty which it appears to me will
grow out of the seventh section of the bill,
which is as follows:
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That no constitu-
tion shall be presented to or acted on by Congress
which denies to nny citizen any right, privileges, or
immunities which arc granted to any other citizen in
the State. All laws shall b.e impartial without regard
to language, race, or former condition. If the pro-
viwons of this section should ever be altered, re-
pealed, expunged, or in any ww abrogated, this act
shall become void and said-Stat© lose its right to bo
represented in Congress.
Sir, I regard the concluding sentence of that
section as embodying an utterly untenable pro-
vision. We have proposed, as I have stated,
an amendment to the Constitution, which few
ofus question will be adopted. Within a very few
months it may be a part of the Constitution of
the United States. The second section of that
proposed amendment leaves it to the States of
the Union to determine who shall be quali-
fied electors. Now, sir, the States upon which
this bill is intended to act might conform to
the provisions of this seventh section, and thus
resume their full practical relations with the
Government of the Union. Meantime, the
amendment having been ratified and become
part of the Constitution, these States might so
modify their constitutions and laws as to be
at the same time in conflict with this section
of the bill and in palpable harmony with the
Constitution of the Union—in which case the
bill enacts its own abrogation, and provides
that the States so offending shall lose their
right of representation in Congress!
Sir, such a provision is not only untenable,
it is nugatory and monstrous. It is no part of
American statesmanship or American policy to
dismiss from these Halls the representatives of a
State whose constitution and laws are in har-
mony with the fundamental law of the Republic I
Mr. Speaker, I have now said all I intended
to say in the way of criticism upon the pro-
visions of this bill. I think it ought by all
means to be referred to the Committee on
Reconstruction. That committee was consti-
tuted fbr the very purpose of considering this
sort of work in the first instance, and in my
judgment we shall be all the forwarder by so
referring the bill. An ill considered and un-
tenable step will retard rather than advance
our progress. I hear much said about vigor
of action. Well, sir, I certainly go for viger ;
but I also go for something in addition thereto.
i want to put some consistency, some law,
some common sense into our vigor. I go for
hooping our tub before putting water in it.
To pour in at the top that which will run out
at the bottom is not vigor, but disconcerted
weakness. Let this whole business be referred
to the appropriate committee ; let the commit-
tee go to work in earnest; and we shall then
be in a train promising a better harmony of
the House—better results in the way of ma-
tured, sound legislation, than I can at present
hope for from any other course of action.
Regeneration before Reconstruction.
SPEECH OF HON. GEO. W. JULIAN,
of indiana,
In the House op Representatives,
January 28, 1867.
The House having under consideration House bill
No. 543, to restore to the States lately in rebellion
their political rights, and the amendment thereto
proposed by Mr. Stevens—
Mr. JULIAN said:
Mr. Speaker : In view of the time already
consumed in the discussion of the measure now
before us, and the general desire of members
to reach an early vote on the pending motion
to commit, I shall endeavor to address the
House as .briefly as possible ; and I therefore
prefer, on this occasion, to submit my views
without interruption. 1 cannot support the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] in its present
form ; but I shall not vote to send it to the
Committee on Reconstruction at this late hour
in the session. I believe the time has come
for action, and that having this great subject
now before us we should proceed earnestly,
and with as little delay as may be, to mature
some measure which may meet the demand
of the people. Nearly two years_ have elapsed
since the close of the war, during the whole
of which time the regions blasted by treason
have been subject to the authority of Congress;
