1448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
sworn never to deliver to anybody but yourself the
kevs of the town which you had intrusted to my care.
He're they are; I have kept my oathandhedepos-
ited them on the breast of King Alfonso. Then be-
striding his good steed, he galloped back to his post.
As soon as he approached, again the ranks of the
enemy opened, and King John confronted him.
' Well,' said the king,' are you satisfied, and do you
now give up tho contcst?' ! Yes, sire.' 'Where are
the keys of the town?' 'On King Alfonso's breast.
Go and get them. We meet no more,' heaven,
we shall never part,' exclaimed the king. ' G-et the
keys back yourself, and remain in command of the
town in my name.' The followers of the king mur-
mured, and complained of his rewarding a rebel.
' Ho is no longer one,' said King John. ' Such rebels,
when won, become the best of subjects."'
Sir, let the Republican party take a lesson
from this incident in Spanish history; and now
that that people have deposited the keys upon
the dead body of the southern confederacy let
them say with King John, "No longer rebels;
we never part more."
But, Mr. President, I stated that the love of
gain might also be a principle which actuated
the party now in power in tiie course which
they are pursuing against the people of the
South in inaugurating measures of this kind
and pressing them to enactment. Such a feel-
ing was foreseen by the men of the Revolution.
You know, sir, that when the Federal Consti-
tution was proposed for adoption there were
some persons advocating unlimited monarchy,
some a united republic, some separate confed-
eracies, three or four in all. John Jay, one of
the writers for the Federalist in that day, in
opposing the creation of three or four or more
confederacies and advocating the adoption of
the Constitution by which all the States could
bo united under one government, uses the fol-
lowing language. Speaking of the distrust and
jealousy which would exist between the rival
confederacies in case of their formation, he
says:
"Tho North is generally tho region of strength,
and many local circumstances render it probable
that the most northern ol'the proposed confedera-
cies would at a period not very far distant bo un-
questionably more formidable than of tho others."
He was a northern man himself.
"No sooner would this become evident than tho
northern hive would oxcito the samo ideas and sen-
sations m tho moro southern parts of America which
it formerly did in the southern parts of Europe, nor
does it appear to bo a rash conjecture that its young
swarms might often bo tempted to gather honey in
tho moro blooming fields and milder air of their
luxurious and more delieato neighbors.''
Mr. WILLIAMS. With the permission of
the Senator from Delaware, 1 move that the
Senate take a recess until seven o'clock.
Mr. HENDRICKS and Mr. PATTERSON.
Say half past seven o'clock?
Mr. WILLIAMS. No; seven o'clock.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to amend that
motion by saying half past seven o'clock. Let
us have a little rest. The House always meets
at half past seven.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is now but a few min-
utes after four o'clock.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will not insist upon
it against the wishes of the Senator.
The motion of Mr. Williams was agreed
to; and the Senate took a recess until seven
o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
TheSenatereassembledatseven o'clockp. m.
petition.
Mr. WILSON. I presentthe petition of Ada-
line G. Tarr, widow of Addison Tarr, a private
in company A, thirty-fifth regiment Massachu-
setts volunteers, praying that her name be re-
stored to the pension-rolls, to date from the 25th
of February, 1865. She lost her pension by
marrying again, and she then found that the
husband she married had another wife. She
now asks that her pension be restored. I
move tho reference of the petition to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the House had passed tbs following bills and
joint resolution of the Senate, with amend-
ments, in, which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 847) to change certain collec-
tion districts in Maryland and Virginia;
A bill (No. 605) to- amend the twenty-first
section of an act entitled "An act further to
prevent smuggling, and for other purposes,"
approved July 18, 1866; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 159) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to permit the
owner of the yacht Mayflower to change the
name of the same to that of Silvie.
The message further announced that the
House had passed, without amendment, the
bill (S. No. 399) relative to collection districts
in North Carolina.
• The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills and joint resolu-
tions, in which it requested the concurrence
of tho Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 878) to quiet the title to
land in the town of Santa Clara, in the State
of California;
A bill (H. R. No. 809) in relation to rev-
enue-cutter service;
A bill (H. 11. No. 937) to authorize changes
in the location of lights and other aids to navi-
gation on the southern coast of the Bnited
States;
A bill (H. R. No. 1001) for the relief of
William B. Todd;
A bill (II. R. No. 1142) to amend the act
entitled "An act to incorporate a Newsboys'
Home," and also for tho relief of abandoned
children in the District of Columbia ;
A bill (H. II. No. 1160) to authorize the
building of light-houses therein mentioned, and
for other purposes;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 283) authoriz-
ing the Secretary of State to present to Captain
James G. Smith, of the British brig Victoria,
a gold chronometer, in token of appreciation
of his services in rescuing from death the mas-
ter, officers, crew, and passengers on board of
the American brig E. H. Fitler ; and
A joint resolution (IT. R. No. 284) author-
izing examinations of improvements in vessels,
and for other purposes, in aid of navigation and
for the protection of life and property at sea.
government of southern states.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole
resumed the consideration of the bill (II. R.
No. 1143) to provide for the more efficient
government of the insurrectionary States.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, the form-
ation of one Confederacy or Federal Union
did not prevent the manifestation of a dispo-
sition on the part of the northern people which
was predicted by Mr. Jay in the extract which
I read to tho Senate before it took a recess.
From the earliest period of our history that
samo northern hive, as he described it, have
continuously looked upon the sunny plains of
the South, and in his expressive language,
"sought to gather honey from those more
blooming fields." Hence, after the commence-
ment of the late civil war we find confiscation
bills introduced into both Houses of Congress,
the estates of all the southern people sought
to be taken away from them by unconstitutional
acts of confiscation, and a large portion of the
American people, among whom were generals
who never won a battle and scarcely ever dis-
graced a field by their presence, clamoring for
a general partition of the lands of the people
of the South among the conquering hordes.
I shall now proceed, Mr. President, to a
brief analysis of the measures before the Sen-
ate, and then consider the question whether
you have the constitutional power to pass
them. The immediate bill under consider-
ation contains just half of one truth and no
more. It does not contain a single constitu-
tional provision, but it has the merit of con-
taining just one half of a truth. It sets out
by saying that—•
"The pretended State governments of the late
so-called States of Virginia, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Georgia, Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana,
Florida, Texas, and Arkansas were set up without
tho authority of Congress."
That is the only particle of truth there is
in it. The State governments there existing
were set up without the authority of Congress
in most of these States; but even that is not
true of all of them. The governments in the
States of Virginia, North Carolina, South Caro-
lina, and Georgia were set up without the
authority of Congress; but Mississippi, Ala-
bama, Louisiana, Florida, Texas, and Arkan-
sas were admitted into the Federal Union by
virtue of an act of Congress. And what author-
ity, pray, has Congress to set up the State govern-
ments of Virginia, North Carolina, South Car-
olina, and Georgia ? They were of the original
thirteen States. They were States and had
State governments before Congress was formed;
they helped to frame the Constitution which
creates Congress; and yet we are gravely told
in the preamble to this bill that these States,
the creators of Congress, were set up without
the authority of Congress!
The preamble further says that these Gov-
ernments were set up " without the sanction
of the people." Mr. President, is it possible
that men can so delude themselves as to bring
their minds to the belief that these original
Stated, whose constitutions were formed and
whose governments were in operation before
the oldest of the members of this body had ail
existence, were set up without authority of
their people? Does any one pretend to assert
that the State governments of the other States
which are named in the preamble were set up
withoutthe authority of their people, when your
very records show that years ago by a conven-
tion of their people, and in accordance with an
act of Congress their State governments were
set up.
I know what is the pretended answer to this.
It is said that though it is true that Virginia,
North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia
had State governments prior to the late war;
somehow or other, during the continuance of
tho war, they lost those State governments,
have not been able to find them, and must
appeal to Congress to setup State governments
for them. Sir, this doctrine is contradictory
of the whole theory upon which you carried on
this war. As I said last night, during the
existence of the late civil war you passed more
than one hundred, yea more than two hundred
bills through both Houses of Congress, receiv-
ing the sanction of the President of the United
States, in which you designated them as States
of the Union. You published to the people
of the whole country, North and South, that
these States were in the Union, and you voted
down a proposition made by the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] that they could
by an act of what you call rebellion commit
political suicide and destroy their own State
governments. You have since the termination
of the late civil war submitted to them a con-
stitutional amendment to abolish slavery.
You submitted it to them as States, and as
States they ratified it; and yet you now pro-
tend that there were no State governments to
which you could submit a proposition to amend
tho Constitution of the United States. Sir,
last night by a vote of this body, when the
Senator from Massachusetts attempted to get
an expression of the opinion of the Senate, that
it only required three fourths of the Legislatures
of the States represented in Congress to adopt
a constitutional amendment, you voted down
that proposition, every man in the Chamber
but seven voting against it. So late as last
night, while this very bill was under consider-
ation, you solemnly, by a vote of this body,
affirmed your own belief that there are legally
existing State governments within thfee States.
And this very day the honorable chairman of
the Committee on the Judiciary called up a
bill in the Senate with reference to the holding
of circuit courts and assigning judges of the
Supreme Court of the United States to the
circuit courts now open and in operation over
the whole South. And yet a majority of this
body, I suppose, in the face of all this recog-
nition of State governments in the section of
the country lately at war with you, are going
