78
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 28,
Ho. op Reps.
Regeneration before Reconstruction—Mr. Julian.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
and yet these regions are still unprovided with
any valid civil governments, and no loyal man
within their limits, black or white, is safe in
his person or estate. The civil rights act and
the Freedmen's Bureau bill are set at open
defiance, while freedom of speech and of the
press are unknown. The loyal people of these
districts, with sorely-tried patience and hopes |:
long deferred, plead with us for our speedy
interposition in their behalf; and even the
conquered rebels themselves, who are supreme j
in this general reign of terror, seem to be
growing weary of their term of lawlessness and
misrule. Sir, let us tolerate no further pro- ]
crastination; and while we justly hold the
President responsible for the trouble and mal-
administration which now curse the South and
disturb the peace of the country, let us remem-
ber that the national odium already perpetually
linked with the name of Andrew Johnson will
be shared by us, if we fail in the great duty
which is now brought to our doors.
Mr. Speaker, my first objection to the amend-
ment proposed is that it practically confounds
the distinction between treason and loyalty by
allowing the elective franchise to the great body
of the criminals who strove, through four bloody
years, to destroy the nation's life. No such
policy can have my sanction. The sixth sec-
tion of the amendment, which seeks to guard
against this by the affidavit which it requires,
would prove a delusion and a snare. I will
read the form of the oath which it prescribes:
I, A B, do solemnly swear, on the Holy Evangel-
ists of Almighty God, that on the 4th day of March,
1804, and at all times thereafter, I would willingly
have complied with the requirements of the procla-
mation of the President of the United States, issued
on the 8th day of December, 18G3, had a safe oppor-
tunity ofso doing been allowed me; that on the said
4th of March, 18G4, and at all times thereafter, I was
opposed to the continuance of the rebellion and to
the establishment of tho so-called confederate gov-
ernment, and voluntarily gave no aid or encourage-
ment thereto, but earnestly desired the success of the
Union, and the suppression of all armed resistance
to the Government of the United States: and that I
will henceforth faithfully support the Constitution
of the United States and the Union of the States there-
under.
Sir, of what value would be such an oath ?
In exacting it, instead of protecting the rights
of loyal men we should build a safe bridge over
which every rebel in the South could pass back
into power. How could perjury be assigned
upon such an affidavit? By what process could
the prosecutor prove, on the trial, the hidden
furpose or the secret intention of the party ?
have little faith in the oaths of rebels under
any circumstances. If our experience in the
late war establishes any general rule in such
cases, it is that the oath of a traitor proves
nothing but the perjury of the villain who takes
it. Most assuredly we could not rely upon it
■where the man who swearg, runs no risk of
being brought to account; and the exaction of
such an oath of men who have ruthlessly lifted
their hands against their country is scarcely
less than a mockery.
But if it be granted that this oath would be
honestly taken, it does not follow that we should
now restore the franchise on any such cheap
and easy conditions. Are we willing thus to
degrade and belittle this great right, the highest
expression of citizenship, and its truest safe-
guard ? Must we make haste to share the gov-
erning ^Krwer of the country with the rebel
hordes who fought us nearly three years, be-
cause they grew weary of their enterprise on
the 4th day of March, 1864, and desired then"
to give it up? Is treason against the nation
an offense so slight, an affair so trifling, that
no real atonement for it shall be demanded?
Sir, these are grave questions, and the state
of our country to-day demands that Congress
shall ponder them. The citizen's duty of
allegiance and the nation's obligation of pro-
tection are reciprocal. The one is the price
of the other, and the compact is alike binding
upon both parties. When the rebels broke
this compact by attempting the crime of na-
tional murder their right of citizenship was
forfeited, and the nation has the undoubted
right to declare the consequences of that for-
feiture by law. It not only has the right, but
in my judgment is sacredly bound to exercise
it. And why? Because, in the language of
Vattel, u Every nation is obliged to perform
the duty of self-preservation." The only solid
foundation of national security is the allegiance
of the citizen; and the most solemn duty which
is at this moment devolved upon the Congress
of the United States is the duty of keeping
the Government of the country in the hands of
loyal men. No Government can be secure,
and no Government deserves to live, which
allows its enemies a common and equal voice
with its friends in the exercise of its powers.
This nation has hitherto recognized this prin-
ciple. In the very first years of the Republic
Congress sanctioned the perpetual disfranchise-
ment of the leader and principal officers of
Shay's rebellion ; and the acts of Congress
which warrant the exercise of this power of
disfranchisement stand in full force and un-
challenged on your statute-books. Congress,
during the rebellion, deprived of all rights of
citizenship those who deserted from the mili-
tary or naval service, or who, after being "duly
enrolled," left the United States or their mili-
tary districts to avoid a draft. Certainly these
offenses are no greater than the crime of treason,
persisted in for successive years. .The authority
of Congress in all such cases rests upon the
universal law of nations. It grows out of the
contract of allegiance and the duty of every
nation to preserve its own life ; and therefore
no trial and conviction by any judicial tribunal
are necessary as a condition of the declared
forfeiture. The forfeiture is not declared as
a punishment for the violation of any criminal
law, but as a safeguard against national danger.
It is an expression of the same policy which
excludes aliens from the rights of citizens.
The power is not unconstitutional, for our
fathers, in framingthe Constitution, recognized
the law of nations, as they were compelled to
do, in launching the Republic among the in-
dependeni Powers of the world. Nor is it at
all affected by the question whether the dis-
tricts lately in revolt are States in the Union
or territorial provinces. In both States and
Territories the national authority must be held
Earamountas to the rights of citizenship, which
as uniformly been regarded as a national
question. If the second section of the first
article  f the Constitution gives to the States
the power to say who shall vote, this must
necessarily be understood to apply only to
those who are citizens of the United States,
since otherwise the national authority might
be overthrown by aliens in our midst in
combination with citizens. The late war for
the Union has been carried on at immense
cost for the purpose of demonstrating to all
the world that we are a nation; and every
nation, according to the high authority already
quoted, " has a right to every thing that can
ward off imminent danger, and keep at a dis-
tance whatever is capable of causing its ruin;
and from that very same reason that estab-
lishes its right it has also the right to the
things necessary to its preservation."
Mr. Speaker, with what face can we denounce
the President for his wholesale pardons, and
charge him with making treason honorable and
loyalty odious, if we ourselves voluntarily clothe
with the honor and dignity of the ballot the men
who have forfeited all their rights by their
crimes against their country? With what con-
sistency can we declaim against the monstrous
bloed-guiltiness of treason while we extend to
the traitor the right hand of political fellow-
ship? Sir, not a single rebel has yet expiated
his crime on the gallows. Not one has even
been tried. Neither confiscation nor exile has
been the portion of the armed assassins and
outlaws who summoned to their untimely graves
more than three hundred thousand heroes of
the Republic, and made the civilized world
stand aghast at the recital of their crimes. I
do not say we should disfranchise the rebels
because the President has allowed them to go
unpunished, but that loyal men alone can be
trusted to govern the country they have saved,
and that the false clemency of the Executive
is the exact reverse of a good reason for restor-
ing traitors to power. Nor do I argue that
perpetual disfranchisement will certainly be
necessary, but that the nation, for its own safety,
should withhold the ballot from its enemies till
they have proved themselves fit to cast it. No
such proof can be adduced. On the contrary,
the spirit of treason is now quite as reeking and
defiant in the revolted districts as at any time
during the war. In the sunshine of the Presi-
dent it has sprouted up into new and more
vigorous forms of life, while repentant rebels
are unknown, save in the sense of regretting
the failure of their treason. Sir, I hope the
Thirty-Ninth Congress will not sully its good
name by confounding the friends of the country
with its enemies in the reconstruction and gov-
ernment of the districts blighted by treason,
and thus trample down the great principle that
allegiance to the nation is the condition of
citizenship and the bulwark of our freedom.
To do this would be to surrender our strongest
weapons to the President and his rebel allies.
It would be disloyalty to the great cause which
would thus again be imperiled, and bring dis-
honor upon the graves of our martyred legions,
who perished in deadly encounter with the trai-
tors whom we now propose to restore to their
lost rights.
Mr. Speaker, I further object to the measure
before us, that it is a mere enabling act, look-
ing to the parly restoration of the rebellious
districts to their former places in the Union,
instead of a well-considered frame of govern-
ment, contemplating such restoration at some
indefinite future time, and designed to fit them
to receive it. They are not ready for recon-
struction as independent States on any terms
or conditions which Congress might impose;
and I believe the time has come for us to say
so. We owe this much to their misguided peo-
ple, whose false and feverish hopes have been
kept alive by the course of the Executive and
the hesitating policy of Congress. I think I
am safe in saying that if these districts were
to-day admitted as States, with the precise
political and social elements which we know
to exist in them, even with their rebel popula-
tion disfranchised and the ballot placed in the
hands of radical Union men only, irrespective
of color, the experiment would be ruinous to
the best interests of their loyal people and
calamitous to the nation. The withdrawal of
Federal intervention and the unchecked opera-
tion of local supremacy would as fatally hedge
up the way of justice and equality as the rebel
ascendency which now prevails. Why ? Sim-
ply because no theory of government, no forms
of administration, can be trusted, unless ade-
quately supported by public opinion. The
power of the great landed aristocracy in these
regions, if unrestrained by power from with-
out, would inevitably assert itself. Its political
chemistry, obeying its own laws, would very-
soon crystalize itself into the same forms of
treason and lawlessness which to-day hold
their undisturbed empire over the existing
loyal element. AVhat these regions need, above
all things, is not an easy and quick return to
their forfeited rights in the Union,' but govern-
ment, the strong arm of power, outstretched
from the central authority here in Washing-
ton, making it safe for the freedmen of the
South, safe for her loyal white men, safe for
emigrants from the Old World and from the
northern States to go and dwell there; safe for
northern capital and labor, northern energy
and enterprise, and northern ideas to set up
their habitation in peace, and thus found a
Christian civilization and a living democracy
amid the ruins of the past. That, sir, is what
the country demands and the rebel power
