rm
THE CONGrRESSIOKAL GLOBE.
referred; to the committee, and the House and
the country will see whether the committee
do not report it back to the House with a
recommendation that it do pass. And I would
ask the gentleman, as chairman of that com-
mittee, "whether in his opinion that bill will
not be! reported by that committee to the House
and put upon its passage here?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's ten min-
utes have expired.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, were the
yeas and nays ordered on laying this bill on the
table ?
The SPEAKER. They were.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to withdraw the
motion.
The SPEAKER. It was understood before
the recess that the'motion was withdrawn, also
the yeas and nays.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I now demand the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I ask the indulgence of
the House for about ten minutes to make a
hriot otntomonf
The SPEAKER. Is there objection. The
Chair hears none.
Mr. HO UTWELL. I wish to state more
distinctly than I have done the constitutional
and logical argument by whieh this bill is sup-
ported. Among the enumerated powers of
Congress is this:
"To make all laws which shall be necessary and
proper for carrying into execution the foregoing
powers, and all other powers vested by this Consti-
tution in the Government of the United States, or in
any department or officer thereof."
Following the enumeration of judicial powers,
the Constitution declares:
"In all the other cases before mentioned the Su-
preme Court shall havo appellate jurisdiction, both
as to law and fact, with such exceptions and under
such regulations as the Congress shall make."
Secondly, further authority is given by the
Constitution to Congress in these words:
"But the Congress may by law vest the appoint-
ment of such inferiorofiiccrs as they may deem proper
in the President alone, in the courts of law, or in the
heads of Departments."
These provisions of the Constitution sustain
Congress in the exercise of two kinds of power,
namely: first, the enactment of all laws which
Congress deem necessary and proper to carry
into effect any of the powers vested in any
department of the Government; and secondly,
in the authority given to Congress to confer on
the courts of law, as well as on the Departments
of the Government, power to appoint such infe-
rior officers as Congress may see fit.
Wemaintain this bill by maintaining the doc-
trine that an attorney in a court is an officer of
the Government. We maintain it by the ancient
theory, as old as the British law, of the official
character of a counselor, or attorney-at-law.
From the very first he has been regarded as an
officer of the court. The Supreme Court, in
the decision which has been considered, main-
tain that doctrine, although they deny that he
is an officer of the Government. That admis-
sion, as can be easily comprehended by any
man, overturns this singular theory of the
court. The Supreme Court itself is a depart-
ment of the Government. Every court inferior
to the Supreme Court is a branch or judicial
agency of the Government, and therefore when
you have demonstrated or admitted, as the Su-
preme Court in this decision have admitted, that
an attorney is an officer of the court, it follows
as a necessary consequence, from which there
can be no logical, legal, or constitutional escape,
that the attorneyisanofficerofthe Government,
because the court itself is either a department or
a branch or agency of the Government.
Mr. ROGERS. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him one question?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I cannot allow myself
to be interrupted, as I have but ten minutes of
time. Under section thirty-five of the judiciary
act of 1789 Congress provided by law for the
appointment of these officers by the court; and
as I said yesterday, the court derives its power to
appoint attorneys from that act. But for that
act they would bo driven back upon the ancient
Common-law doctrine,-under which the party
himself was required to appear in court and
manage his cause. That section is as follows:
"And be it further enacted, That in all courts of the
United States the parties may plead and manage their
own canses personally, or by the assistance of such
counsel or attorneys-at-law as by the rules of the said
courts, respectively, shall be permitted to manage
and conduct causes therein." :
Therefore the authority of the court to
appoint an attorney is derived from the judici-
ary act of 1789, framed by the fathers of the
Constitution; and without the authority of that
act it would not to-day have constitutional or
legal power to admit a single attorney to the
performance of his ordinary functions in any
court of the United States. They are entirely
devoid of power to enact rules for the govern-
ment of the courts, except through the act of
1793, which provides—
"That it shall be lawful for the several courts of
the United States from time to time, as occasion may
require, to make rules and orders for their respective
courts, directing the returning of writs and processes,
the filing of declarations and other pleadings, the
taking of rules, the entering and making up judg-
ments by default, and other matters, in the vacation
and otherwise, in a manner not repugnant to the laws
of the United States."
That is their limitation. They have power
by the authority of law to make their rules,
and that is the only power they have on the
subject. The law limits this power by declar-
ing that they shall not make any rules except
such as are iu conformity to the laws of the
United States. The Supreme Court of the
United States, many years ago, through the
decision of Justice Story, recognized the au-
thority of the Congress of the United States in
this matter. He says:
" So far as the acts of Congress have adopted the
forms of process and modes of proceeding and plead-
ings in the State courts, or have authorized the courts
thereof to adopt them, and they have been actually
adopted, they are obligatory, but no further. Butno
court of the United States is authorized to adopt by
rule any provisions of Statelaws which are repugnant
to or incompatible with the positive enactments of
Congress upon the subject of the jurisdiction or prac-
tice or proceedings in such court."—Keary et al. vs.
The Farmers' ana Merchants1 Bank of Memphis, 16
Peters, p. 94.
It is from the Constitution and laws and
decisions of the courts, then, that we derive
authority to pass any rule which we think
necessary and proper for the performance of
the duties devolved upon the courts of the
country. If we have authority to give the
courts power to make their own rules, we have
clearly authority to prescribe exactly and defi-
nitely the rules by which the courts shall be
governed; and upon this statement of the matter
I submit the bill to the House.
The question being upon the passage of the
bill, the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 108, nays 42, not vot-
ing 41; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, DelosK. Ashley, James
M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Barker, Baxter,
Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine, Bout-
well, Brandegee, Bromwell, BroomalL Buckland,
Bundy, Reader \V. Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cnllom, Dar-
ling, Befroes, Delano, l)euiir.tr, Dixon, Donnelly,
Driggs, Dumont, Eggleston, Eliot, Farnsworth, Far-
quhar. Ferry, Grmnell. Griswold, Abner C. Harding,
Hart, Hayes, Higby, Hill, Holmes, Hooper, Hotch-
kiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, Inger-
soll, Jenckes, Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Kelso, Ketcli-
am, Koontz, Kuykendall, Laflin, George V. Lawrence,
Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Marvin, Maynard, McClurg,
MclndoC, McKec, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Morrill,
Moulton, Myers, N ewell, O'N eill, Orth, Paine. Patter-
son, Perham. Pike, Price, William H. Randall, Ray-
mond, Alexander H. Rice, John H. ltiee, Rollins,
Sawyer, Seofield, Shellabarger, Sloan, Starr, Stokes,
Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, Warner,
Henry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker,
Wentworth, Williams. James F.Wilson, Stephon F.
Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, Campbell,
Chanler, Cooper, Dawson, Denison, Eldridge, Finck,
Glossbrenner. Goodyear, Hale, Aaron Harding, Ho-
gan, Edwin N. Hubbell, Humphrey, Hunter, Kerr,
Latham, LeBlond. Lcftwich, Marshall, McRuer, Nib-
lack. Nicholson, Phelps, Radford, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Stil-
well, Taber, Nathaniel G. Taylor. Nelson Taylor,
Thornton, Trimble, Andrew H. Ward, and Win-
field—42.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Alley. Allison, Ames,
Arnell, Blow, Sidney Clarke, Conkling, .Culver,
Davis, I>awes, Dodge, Eakloy, Garfield, Harris, Haw-
kiss, Henderson, Hise, Asabel W.HiibfraixkJolmH.
Hubbard-,. James E. HubbelL Hulburd, Johnson,
Jones, William Lawrence, Marston, MeCullougb,
Morris, Noell, Plants, Pomeroy, Rousseau, Scbenck,
Spalding, Stevens, Strouse, Thayer, Upson, Rokerij
Van Horn, Elihu B. Washburne, Wbaley, and
Wnsht-a.
So the bill was passed.
During the call of the roll the following
announcements were made:
Mr. LAFLIN. I desire to state, in behalf
of my colleague, Mr. Hulburd, that haying
spent the night here he was so indisposed thia
morning that he is unable to be present here
at this time. If he was here he would vote in
favor of this bill.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I desire
to state that Mr. Clarke, of Kansas, is absent
on leave. If here he would vote for the bill.
Mr. O'NEILL. My colleague, Mr. Thayer,
is still detained at home by sickness iu his
family.
Mr. G-RINNELL. I desire to state that my
colleague, Mr. Hubbard, of Iowa, is still de-
tained from his seat by illness.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I desire to
state that Mr. Henderson is confined to his
room by indisposition.
After the call of the roll was completed,
Mr. MORRIS said: I desire to say that I
would have voted for this bill if I had been
here before the call of the roll was completed.
The result of the vote was announced as
above.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to amend the
title of the bill so that it shall read "A bill to
prescribe a rule concerning public officers and
members of the bar, and for other purposes."
The amendment was agreed to. .
Mr. BOUTWELL.. I move to reconsider
the vote by which this bill has just been passed;
and I also move to lay that motion on tha
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SOLDIERS or THE WAR OF 1812.
Mr. COBB, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a memorial to Congress from the Legis-
lature of the State of Wisconsin, in relation to
the surviving soldiers of the war of 1812; which
was referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, and ordered to be printed.
PROTECTION OP AMERICAN TONNAfflE.
Mr. PIKE, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to consider the propriety of protecting:
theinterests-oftonnagenow afloat, aswell as to relieve
the ship-building1 industry of the country by draw-
backs of duties on materials used in the construction
of vessels; and to this end that they consider the ex-
pediency of abolishing in whole or in part the ton-
nage tax, and of adopting a system of differential
duties with regard to American ships, so that our
vessels may have a share in the transportation of
foreign merchandise and business now confined
almost wholly to foreign bottoms.
ALLEN WILSON.
Mr. STOKES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Allen Wilson, of
Wilson county, Tennessee ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
order op business.
Mr. KASSON. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now commenced, and the first business in
order is reports from the Committee on the
Judiciary, where the call of committees last
rested.
RIGHTS OF CITIZENS IN THE STATES.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It is now about a
week since the House, on motion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] direct??!
the Committee on the Judiciary to inquire into
certain alleged illegal acts performed by par-
ties in the State of Maryland; and in connec-
tion therewith the committee were directed to
inquire whether any additional legislation is
necessary to protect citizens of the United
States in the enjoyment of their rights in the
