mr.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
687
geant-at-Arms are in their seata in the House.
[Laughter. ]
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order; the Sergeant-at-Arms will
present the gentlemen in his custody at the
bar of the House. •
Mr. LE BLOND. I suggest to the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Orth] to modify his
motion by making it simply to discharge the
order of the House, and that the culprits be
brought to the bar of the House so that we
may see who they are. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The gentlemen are not
culprits ; they are members of this House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to know
if members under arrest have a right to vote
on this question.
The SPEAKER. They have not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. For if they had
they might vote down the motion.
Mr. SCOFIBLD. I ask the gentleman to
modify his motion by making it that they be
discharged on paying the usual fee, except
such of them as desire to come before the
House and render their excuse.
Mr. ORTH. I accept the modification.
Mr. McRUER. I raise the point of order
that they are not at the bar of the House.
The SPEAKER. They are supposed to be
at the bar of the House; if not, the Sergeant-
at-Arms will present them.
The Sergeant-at-Arms accordingly presented
before the bar of the House the following mem-
bers in his custody:
Messrs. James M. Ashley, Baldwin. Bingham,
Blaine, Brandegee, Bundy, Chanler, Dawes, Doming,
Griswold, Hale, Holmes, Hooper, Edwin N. Hubbell,
James R. Hubbell, Kasson, Kelley, Latham, George
V. Lawrence, Loan, Marshall, Marvin, Maynard,
McKee, Moorhead, Pike, Radford, John H. Rice,
Ross, Sloan, Stilweil, Nathaniel (1. Taylor, John L.
Thomas, Thornton, Hamilton Ward, William B.
Washburn, Wentworth, Stephen P. Wilson, Win-
field, and Woodbridse.
The SPEAKER. The motion is that they
be all discharged except those who desire to
render excuses. If the motion prevails, then
gentlemen who desire a separate vote will
remain at the bar of the House, and the Chair
will ask what excuses they have to render for
being absent from the session of the House.
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
make an inquiry. I was never served with
notice of arrest, and yet I find my name in the
list of absentees under arrest. With due def-
erence^ to the House, I present myself here,
and I wish to know whether I am under arrest ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the
fentleman is under arrest and at the bar of the
louse. [Laughter.]
Mr. FARQUHAR. I ask my colleague to
yield to enable me to offer an amendment, to
make an exception in the case of those who
have once been before the House and fined.
Mr. ORTH. I decline to yield.
Mr. RADFORD. Have we a right to vote
upon this question?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman, as one
of the members in custody of the Sergeant-at-
Arms, has not a right to vote upon this ques-
tion.
The question was taken on seconding the
demand for the previous question ; and there
were—ayes 47, noes 61.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I now move to amend
the motion of my colleague [Mr. Orth] so as
to except from his proposition those who were
called before the bar and fined and also those
who came 
Mr. HILL. -1 suggest to the gentleman that
he include those who got out of the House by
unusual routes.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I propose to increase
the fines imposed upon those who come within
the terms of my amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It excepts those who
have not been fined; while it increases the
fines upon those who have been fined. Does it
propose to fine a man twice ?
Mr. FARQUHAR. It is an exception in
favor of those who have not been fined.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to say that I do not think that any further pos-
sible good can result in continuing this prose-
cution, and I "hope therefore that the House
will put a stop to it by adopting the motion
that these gentlemen be relieved from arrest
and that their fines be remitted.
Mr. HIGBY. I would like to inquire what
the condition of the question is ?
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I will
modify my motion so as to discharge them
upon the payment of the usual fees.
The SPEAKER. That is the original mo-
tion.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Yery
well, sir; I am satisfied with that.
Mr. HIGBY. Mr. Speaker, it would be ut-
terly impossible for this House ever to do' any
business unless there should be some means
found of holding members here when they are
brought here under arrest. It is a notorious
fact that within a very few minutes after mem-
bers were brought here by the Sergeant-at-
Arms last evening they left the House know-
ing we were here in session, and yet they
treated the House with utter contempt. It is
impossible for us to do business otherwise, and
I hope that those members who have been
brought here by the Sergeant-at-Arms and
have then left the House will be fined.
Mr. MORRILL. The older members of
this House know that in no instance has this
penalty been enforced, and that it is an utter
waste of time to attempt it; and in order that
there may not be another day wasted I move
to lay the whole subject upon the table.
Mr. WINDOM. I raise the point of order,
that when the House adjourned all the pro-'
ceedings under the call fell with the adjourn-
ment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The Digest says that—
"By an adjournment pending a call all'proceed-
ings under the call are terminated: but whoro the
House has previously passed an order especially di-
recting otherwise, suchspecialdirection should douot-
less be executed."
Mr. RAYMOND. What would be the effect
of laying the whole subject upon the table?
The SPEAKER. The effect would be to
relieve the members from arrest and dispose
of the whole subject.
Mr. HILL. I wish to know further whether
if this whole subject is laid upon the table, and
these gentlemen are discharged, it will not be
in effect an abandonment of the rules of the
House.
The SPEAKER. The House has a right to
abandon its rules if it sees fit.
Mr. BOYER. I desire to inquire whether
the officer who makes the arrest would not in
any event receive this pay? If these fines are
remitted, will they not be paid out of the con-
tingent fund of the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated, in reply
to a similar inquiry last evening, that these fees
are settled by law, and that that law is to be
found in the statutes-at-large, volume nine.
Mr. BROMWELL. If this motion to lay
upon the table prevails will not these mem-
bers remain under arrest?
The SPEAKER. They will not under the
usage of the House.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois, demanded the
yeas and nays on agreeing to the resolution,
and called for tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was put upon the motion to lay
the resolution upon the table; and there were—
ayes 32, noes 69.
So the House refused to lay the resolution
upon the table.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the House for a moment to the facts
connected with the proposition which is now
before this body for consideration. The pend-
ing proposition is to discharge all the gentle-
men who are now at the bar of the House to
answer for being absent without leave. I pro-
pose to amend that proposition so as to except
from its operation those gentlemen who have
previously Been brought to the bar of the House
for the same offense, and after fines had been
imposed upon them again left the House with-
out leave; and also certain other gentlemen who
were present at the first call of the House, and
then absented themselves without leave.
My object in offering this amendment isfor
the purpose of vindicating the character of the
House and rendering full justice to those mem-
bers who remained here for sixteen hours dur-
ing yesterday and last night to maintain the
integrity and dignity of this body. We were
led by gentlemen of the Judiciary Committee
into a contest yesterday to sustain and carry
through a measure which was regarded as of
importance to the country. Many of the mem-
bers now at the bar of the House united with
us in the effort to sustain the character of this
body and carry that measure, and then they
abandoned us to maintain the contest during
the night. Some of those members were "ar-
rested, brought to the bar of the House, and
fined for having absented themselves without
leave. Yet it is proposed that they shall now,
after having again been brought to the bar of
the House, be discharged without even the pay-
ment of the customary fines, which we imposed
upon so many members last night.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a moment?
Mr. FARQUHAR. I cannot yield to the
gentleman. The gentleman has justly been
charged with being a deserter from his party
in this struggle.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise to a point of
order. My point of order is that the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Farquhar, ] who is
now addressing the House, was arrested last
night, brought to the bar of the House, and
fined, and he has not yet paid his fine.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no infor-
mation to that effect. The presumption is that
every member who has. been fined has paid
his fine.
Mr. HIGBY. I would ask the gentleman
from Illinois (Mr. Ingersoll) how many times
he was arrested and brought into this House
last night ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Once; and I paid for
it. [Laughter.]
Mr. FARQUHAR. It is very easy for the
gentleman to rise in his place in this House
and make a charge; but it is a more difficult
matter for him to prove it. But it would make
no difference whether I was arrested last night
or not; whether I was brought to the bar of
the House or not; whether I was fined or not;
all that would make no difference in regard to
the facts which I am endeavoring to lay before
this House in relation to those members who
are now derelict. I was not brought to the bar
of the House and fined. But some members
were fined by the votes of the very gentlemen
now here before us. Sir, I insist upon it that
the character and dignity of this House shall be
maintained, and in doing so I ask that the dis-
tinctions shall be made which I have under-
taken to set forth in the amendment which I
have submitted to the House. *A.fterthis House
shall have vindicated its dignity, after it shall
have placed upon its records proper action
upon this subject, then if it chooses it can
relieve these derelict members ; but I am op-
posed to their being relieved from arrest until
its judgment upon the subject shall have been
placed upon the records of the House. I now
yield to my colleague in front of me, [Mr.
Hill.]
Mr. HILL. I do not desire to take up the
time of this House unnecessarily. The facts
patent to every member present are simply
these: last night a large number of us were
compelled to remain here and sit out the entire
night. Upon looking over the gentlemen now
at the bar of the House any one can see at a
glance that they are nearly all old members.
Now, if it is true that by being here a few ses-
sions they have learned ways of dodging and
avoiding the rules of this House and compels
ling other members of not so much experience
to remain here hour after hour the whole night
