82
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 19,
Ho. of Reps.
Reconstruction—21 r. Miller.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
and thus placed themselves for a time without
u protective State government, in which case
that injunction of the Constitution of the United
States must be invoked, which in the fourth
section of the fourth article thereof declares
that—•
" The United States shall Guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government."
And these very words of the Constitution
plainly indicate that when a State is once ad-
mitted into this Union it must remain a State,
and that a majority therein cannot change its
government from that of a republican form.
The minority, let it be ever so small, is entitled
to the protection of the United States, and
consequently it is a great mistake to suppose
that they forfeit their rights because a majority
in a State may rebel, in this view I am sus-
tained by an able writer on the laws of nations;
for in Vattel's Law of Nations, page 0, it is
laid down that—
"If a nation is obliged to preserve itself, it is no
less obliged carefully to preserve ail its members.
The nation owes this to itself, since the loss even of
one of its members weakens it and is injurious to its
preservation. It owes this also to the members in
particular, in consequence of the very act of associa-
tion ; for those who compose a nation are united for
their defense and common advantage; and no one
can justly be deprived of this union and the advan-
tages he expects to derive from it while he on his
side fulfills the conditions."
And the same author adds that—
"The body of a nation cannot then abandon a
province, a town, or even a Kindle individual, who is
a part of it, unless compelled to it by necessity, or
indispensibly obliged to it by the stringent reasons
founded on the public safety."
In all our congressional proceedings we have
denominated them as States, and I do not see,
Mr. Speaker, what is to be gained by the terri-
torial doctrine in regard to those States, even
if it was tenable, for we have the full power to
'•o reconstruct them as to protect the loyal peo-
ple resident therein, and that there are such 110
one doubts. But recently four million human
beings who,were held in abject slavery have
been emancipated, who are said to be loyal to
the Government, and it is our duty to see that
they are properly protected. But suppose we
should undertake to establish the doctrine that
the late rebel States, except Tennessee, are to
"be considered as Territories: what better posi-
tion would we be placed in? For when they
would present a constitution framed to meet
the approval of Congress they would be ad-
mitted, and in fact to accomplish that they
might readily agree to almost any terms in
order to obtain admission and representation, i
and, this having been accomplished, I would [
ask, sir, what could prevent them from calling |
a convention and changing their constitution I
in any way they may see fit, provided it is not
incompatible with that of the United States,
and I might also ask what protection would
the loyal people in those States then have'.'
But it is said the civil laws in those States
are not sufficient to afford ample protection : 1
would say then, sir, extend the laws of the
United States over those States in such a
manner as to give proper protection ; and if
that is not sufficient then suspend the writ of
habeas corpus and let them be governed by
martial law until the}' shall have learned to
respect the civil law. But I may be asked if
the adoption of a proper constitution in those
States is not a sufficient guarantee against
future innovations, what is? My response is
the adoption of the constitutional amendment,
which J believe to be the bulwark of our lib-
erty aiid a complete barrier against any other
rebellion. And now, sir, permit me for a
few minutes to examine the features of that
amendment. The first section thereof makes
all persons born or naturalized in the United
States and subject to the jurisdiction thereof
citizens, and also prohibits any State from
making or enforcing any law which shall
abridge the rights of citizens, &C- This is in
effect ingrafting the civil rights bill and afford-
ing to all adequate protection, which is so just
! that I cannot see how any objection can be
| seriously interposed, unless it is by those whose
! consciences have been seared with the rebel
j doctrine that "a negro has no rights which a
! white man is bound to respect." This section
however will relieve those persons who enter-
' tain that doctrine.
The second section provides that if any male
citizens of the United States, being twenty-one
years of age, shall be deprived of the right of
voting, except for participation in the rebel-
lion, representation shall be reduced in pro-
portion. This applies to all the States in the
Union, but may more materially affect the late
slave States. Under the Constitution of the
United States, adopted by the Convention 011
the 17th day of September, 1787, and ratilied
by the States in 1789, in the representation the
whole number of free persons, including those
bound for serviee for a term of years, and ex-
cluding Indians not taxed, three filths of all
others were counted, and now as slavery is
abolished the other two fifths would be counted,
thus giving the late slave States a represent-
ation for all the colored men without extending
to them.the elective franchise, which would be
then about thirty-seven members of Congress
for an unvoting population, while on the
I other hand the other States are confined to
the voters, consequently making, in effect, the
vote of one white man in the South equal to
1 about three in the North. It must be borne
in mind that this amendment is intended for
1 all the States of the Union, and leaves each to
| decide for itself as to negro suffrage ; but if
the black man is deprived of that right he is
not to be counted iu the representation. Is
not this just?
! The third section prohibits any person from
! being a Senator or Representative in Con-
! gress, or elector of President and Vice Pres-
ident, and from holding any office, civil or
military, under the United States or any State,
who had previously taken an oath as member
of Congress or as an officer of the United States
or"0t' any State to support the Constitution of
the United States and afterward engaged in the
rebellion; with a proviso that Congress may,
by a vote of two thirds of each House, remove
this disability. This, I presume, is the main
feature to which the leading rebels object, as
they seem extremely anxious to be in a position
to make and administer laws for the loyal peo-
! pie of the country. They ought to be thank-
ful that they are permitted to enjoy the ben-
efits of the Governmentthey exerted themselves
to overthrow. This section only puts them
upon their good behavior, and if any future
Congress sees evidence of true repentance and
return to loyalty they may, by a two-thirds
vote, remove the barrier. But in the mean
time these persons must understand that in
Government affairs they must take a back
1 seat.
1 The fourth section affirms the validity of the
debt of the United States, including debts in-
. curred for payment of pensions and bounties
| for services in suppressing insurrection or
rebellion, and declares that neither the Uni-
! 'ed States nor any State shall asssume or
1 pay any obligation against the United States
or any claims for the loss or emancipation of
! any slaves, but that all such obligations shall
be illegal and void. This is a very important
section to the tax-payers of the country. As
. tar as I have been able to ascertain the rebel
debt, including the $500,000,000 held in Eu-
rope, is not less than $2,500,000,000 ; besides
this the slaveholders assert that they will make
claim for their emancipated slaves, which are
in number say four millions. Now, counting
these at $300 each, we would have $1,200,-
000,000more, and this being added to the rebel
debt, would make $3,700,000,000.
Now, supposing that the constitutional
amendment should be abandoned, how would
we stand with regard to this enormous claim?
The insurrectionary State* being restored to
representation their representatives, together
with their northern sympathizers, would no
doubt favor the assumption of the same by
the United States, an attempt to do which
might succeed with the influence that might
be brought to bear on some future Congress,
both at home and from abroad, for it is not
.supposable that foreigners owning such a large
amount as $500,000,000 of the rebel debt
would be passive on such an occasion, and
especially if" we should be so unfortunate as
to elect a southern man for President. If this
euorruous sum should be assumed and added
to our own debt what would become of us?
When and how could it be paid? Would it
not reduce the nation to bankruptcy or at
least tax the people beyond endurance? Then
the people would see the importance of the
policy of the majority of the present Congress.
But how can this catastrophe be averted? My
answer again is by the adoption of the consti-
tutional amendment, and then to change it there
will be required two thirds of both Houses of
Congress and three fourths of the States, which
it is not likely can ever be obtained. Then may
the country feel safe, having a sure guarantee.
But it is said that none of the ten insurrec-
tionary States will ratify it; then let them do
without representation; we did without their
help in our struggle to maintain our nation-
ality, and now as that struggle is over we can
still get along without them ; they left these
Halls with their own accord to inaugurate a
rebellion and they shall not return without the
approval of Congress. This amendment is
such a guarantee as we have a right to de-
mand, and I assert, Mr. Speaker, that so long
as I am honored with a seat 011 this floor I will
never vote for the admission of Representa-
tives from those States until the constitutional
amendment is first ratified, in which they must
participate.
The next and last section gives power to
Congress to enforce by appropriate legislation
the provisions of this article.
President Johnson seems very anxious for
these insurrectionary States to have representa-
! tion in Congress without any precedent condi-
tion whatever, notwithstanding the overwhelm-
| ing verdict of the loyal people as expressed
through the ballot-box at the recent elections.
| In his last annual message he says :
" Ten States, more than one fourth of the whole
i number, remain without representation; the seats of
I fifty members in the House of Representatives and
1 of twenty members of the Senate are yet vacant, not
ij by their own consent, not by failure of election, but
I by the refusal of Congress to accept their creden-
II tials."
J And he talks about taxation without repre-
\ sentation, and also says that those States so
; modified their laws as to repudiate the rebel
| debt.
Now, sir, why ought those States be allowed
representatives in Congress to take part in re-
construction? Is it likely that they would vote
, for any restriction? And who ever heard of a
i judge or juryman sitting in the trial of his own
( cause? And yet the President asks that these
11 men shall be admitted at once without any
i! guarantee whatever for future security against
| the inauguration of another rebellion. He tells
us that if they should after admission prove
disloyal they may be expelled; but I would ask
how could that be accomplished? The Con-
stitution requires the concurrence of two thirds
to expel a member, and if such representatives
were admitted it is not probable that they would
vote for their own expulsion, and by their voting
against such procedure, as a matter of course,
a disloyal member would be permitted to retain
his seat and thus thwart the action of Congress.
As to the changing of the laws, 1 look upon that
alone as no security, for how easy it is for them
to change back again and make them even more
obnoxious than they were before.
We are told, Mr. Speaker, that our proceed-
ings, without representation from those State,",
are invalid : if that is correct then all laws passed
