€88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
through, they themselves being quietly asleep
in their beds at the time; if they can do all
this and then come in here and enforce the
rule upon and fine other members who were
brought here in the early part of the night,
then it is time that we should all understand it.
, Mr. MORRILL. I rise t©; a question of
order. I would inquire of. the Chair if these
members now under arrest at the bar of the
. House are to be required :to stand there during
all this discussion. If, so, would it not be just
that that should be reckoned in mitigation of
tkeir sentence? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. It is the order of the
House that they be brought to the bar and
kept there until some order shall be made in
regard to them. If there is no objection they
will be allowed for the present to occupy their
usual seats.
"Mr. HILL. If it does not relieve them from
their liability I will not object.
The SPEAKER. It will not.
No objection being made, the members under
arrest at the bar of the House were allowed to
occupy their usual seats for the time being.
Mr. HILL. Now, Mr. Speaker 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Irise to a point of
order. My point of order is that the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Farqijiiar] is him-
self in contempt of the House, having last
night slipped through the door without the
permission of the Sergeant-at-Arms after the
doors were ordered to be closed.
Mr. HILL. I believe there is no evidence
of that before the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the House has no knowledge of the fact which
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farssworth]
st&tcs
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I propose to prove it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
point of order comes too late. It should have
been made when the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Farquhar] first rose to address the Chair.
The Chair will state further to the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] that mem-
bers who have been fined are presumed to
have paid their fines unless they state to the
contrary. One case occurred in this House
five or six years ago, where Mr. Cochrane, a
member from the city of New York, being at
the bar of the House, was subjected to a fine,
which he in the presence of the House refused
to pay. The House having this public notice
of his refusal, he was not allowed to partici-
pate in the action of the House until the fine
was paid. This, so far as the Chair is aware,
is the only exception to the general practice.
A member is supposed to obey the orders of
the House; and so soon as an order has been
made requiring him to pay a fine to an officer
of the House, it is presumed, in the absence of
evidence to the contrary, that the fine is paid.
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I said a moment
ago that the delinquents now at the bar of the
House included many of the old members, and
also some gentlemen who were zealous at one
time last night in moving to enforce the rules,
upon members who had been absent. In sup-
port of this statement, I read from the Globe
of to-day:
" Mr. Wentworth. I demand that the Sergeant-
at-Arms shall enforce the warrant of the House."
Yet the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Went-
WORTh] is brought in here this morning as one
of the members under arrest for violation of
the rules. And these gentlemen it is proposed
to excuse en masse by a wholesale, sweeping
resolution, without compelling them, as other
gentlemen were compelled last night, to be
called out individually by name, to be published
in the Globe and heralded to the country as in
contempt of the House. Sir, I insist that the
ordinary rule of the House, to which other gen-
tlemen last night were compelled to submit, no
matter how disagreeable it was to them, ought
to be enforced now against these delinquent
members. I think that this is necessary to
vindicate the authority of our rules. Let us
either repeal the rule in regard to the attend-
ance of members, relieying every gentleman
January 23,
from the liability to such annoyance as being
brought to the bar of the House to make his
excuse; or else let us enforce the rule upon
all alike. Do not allow it to be understood
from the standing practice of this House that
if members^ will trifle with the dignity and the
rules of this body until they wear out its pa-
tience, they will be allowed to go scot-free.
This is what I object to. I think that the pro-
ceeding which was carried into effect last night
—the enforcement of the ordinary rule of the
House—should be carried into effect this morn-
ing. For this reason I oppose the proposition
of my colleague, [Mr. Orth.] Time is pre-
cious, I admit; but when we consider how a
large number of members, respecting the rules
of the House, sat here all last night, during the
long weary-watches, answering to the roll-call
time after time, while these gentlemen who are
brought here this morning were sleeping com-
fortably in their beds, I think we should not
begrudge the short time which may be neces-
sary to enforce impartially the rules and vin-
dicate tjie authority of the House.
I thank my colleague [Mr. Fabquhab] for
his courtesy in yielding me the floor to make
these remarks.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I now yield the floor
to my friend from Wisconsin, [Mr. Cobb.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I make the point of
order that the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Farquiiar] has no right to retain the floor, as
he is in contempt of the House, having vio-
lated its rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already
overruled that point of order. It is too late
to make it even if it were well founded.
Mr. COBB. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say,
although knowing most of the gentlemen now
at the bar of the House, all of them personally,
and agreeing with most of them politically,
knowing all of them as honorable members of
this body, yet I feel it to be my duty to vote
against the motion of the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Ortii,] which would relieve them
altogether of all the penalties consequent upon
their absence without leave of the House.
I will confess I am somewhat envious of
these gentlemen. I am envious of the happy
state of mind in which they come to the House
this morning compared with that of those of
us who have been here all night. Although
not possessed of a large amount of currency I
would give much more than they are liable to
be fined if I could feel the satisfaction 1 believe
they do. While we were here struggling for six-
teen hours they were at home quietly sleeping.
But my chief object in rising is to enter my
solemn protest against this proposition. As
stated by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Farquhar, ] some of the most prominent mem-
bers of this House took the initiative toward
forcing action on the bill which was pending
without discussion. I speak for myself and
many others who sit around me when I say we
did then as we have been in the habit of doing,
allowed ourselves without a great amount of
knowledge of the merits of the case, without
investigation of the question, to be led along
in the course of conduct marked out by the
Judiciary Committee. When, however, we
had started in that course to accomplish the
result desired by that committee we found our-
selves deserted; that the members of the
Judiciary Committee had backed down on the
issue. Now, I served under McClellan and
Burnside, but I never got into the habit of
retreating so as to like it. No sooner was
there danger than our leader here, as McClellan
and Burnside did, retreated, if that js to be
the tactics of the leaders of this House I for
one am about done voting for the previous
question to push forward the legislation of the
House, which so far as my experience has gone
has ended in shameless defeat on the part of
the majority of this House. That is all I wish
to say.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schknck.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I have but a word or two to
say. 1 understand a motion is now pending to
discharge without penalty of any kind, but on
the mere payment of fees and without each one
answering for himself, all these gentlemen who
have been brought here under arrest. I wish
it to be understood whatever others may d® I
will oppose it at every step. "We were kept
here a whole night on account of1 the absence
of these men. We were kept here when in all
human probability we would not have found it
neeessary to stay had they been in their places.
And there are some of them, at least, who hav-
ing appeared once and answered to the first
and perhaps to the second call, withdrew from
the House and slept quietly while others were
remaining in their positions as members upon
this floor.
It seems to me if this House is ever to assert
its right to enforce the attendance of its mem-
bers under proper proceedings it is at this time.
If we are to dispense with the proceedings I
do not see any reason why we should not at all
times hereafter let gentlemen attend or not as
it may suit their personal convenience. I do
not know who the gentlemen are and cannot
intend anything personal in these remarks, but
let them be who they may, the more distin-
guished the members of this House the more
important it becomes they should be made
examples for the rest. If these gentlemen are
to have the benefit of good suppers and sweet
repose in comfortable beds, while we remain
subject to the orders of the House, endeavor-
ing to conduct its business, it is time for us to
know so we may take a like advantage hereaf-
ter and stay away. I hope nothing will be done
which will prevent the call of each member to
assign the reason for his absence so that we
may judge each case on its proper merits.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I now yield a very few
moments to my colleague.
Mr. ORTH. Mr. Speaker, I think from the
course matters have taken here that the object
I had in view will be defeated. My object was
to prevent the consumption of the time of this
House in bringing before it some thirty or forty
of its members, and putting them through a
catechetical process in regard to their absence
last night. And all this we are told is neces-
sary in order to assert the dignity of this body.
Sir, if any spectators were present yesterday
long after midnight they must have come to
the conclusion that some other process is
necessary to be resorted to to assert and main-
tain our dignity. I was with my distinguished
friend from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] during the
whole of the watches of the night.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to correct the gen-
tleman as to his having been with me through
all the watches of the night. He was one' of
the first lot of prisoners brought in. [Laugh-
ter.] *'A fellow-feeling makes us wondrous
kind."
Mr. ORTH. It does so. The gentleman
has stated no new fact to the House. It is
true I was absent and I answered to the call
of the House and submitted to its judgment,
and that was, as the gentleman from Ohio well
knows ata very early hour in the evening;, as
early as seven o'clock. I was with him from
that hour till eight o'clock this morning, and
judging from our proceedings a man might
readily suppose that during the whole of this
time all the dignified members had left except
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] and
myself. [Laughter.]
Mr. Speaker, I have seen since my service
here several attempts at arresting members for
temporary absence from this House. Your
honor will recollect a scene that transpired
here during the Thirty-Eighth Congress.
Mr. IXGEESOLL. I rise to a point of
order. Has a member a right to address the
Chair as " your honor?" [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is
not exactly correct.
Mr. ORTH, Well, then, I will transfer that
expression from the Speaker to the gentleman
from Illinois. [Laughter.] I desire to learn
from the experience of the past, and I hope
and trust that I have a due appreciation of
what belongs to the dignity of this body.
