1454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February. 16,
we submit almost without a murmur; and you
propose to revive them now in times of peace.
I have 110 doubt that the people of the deso-
lated, ruined South will retire in quietude, sad-
ness, and sorrow to their homes and submit.
I advise no resistance. But, sir, speaking for
the people of my State, small and limited in
extent as she is, few as her population are, if
you were to attempt such legislation in refer-
ence to her I believe that her gallant sons
would seek out some second Thermopylae and
fall, if fall they must, in defense of their con-
stitutional liberties and the rights of their
State, and would send a second message—
" Go, stranger, and at Lacedaamon tell
That here, obedient to her laws, we fell."
It is not very wonderful that we should bear
the evil so quietly when the object of the com-
plaint, the usurper, is to be the judge, and his
usurpation the cause of complaint. But the
people may rest well assured that when these
two powers, civil and military, are made to
change places, liberty is at an end.
The bill under consideration delegates to
even a lieutenant the power to punish a citi-
zen of any one of these States for freedom of
speech or freedom of worship or for anything
he jileases. Sir, you may have the days of
Daniel revived. He may fancy it to be an
offense and mark you. You do not define the
offenses in your bill; you leave it discretion-
ary with him and him alone to determine what
shall be an offense. He may consider it an
offense that man prays to his God throe times
a day; and if there be a lion's den in all that
section of country you may have, by the
arbitrary will of a little petty despot, the man
of God thrown into the den of lions. Your
bill is capable of reviving the days of Shad-
rach, Meshaeh, and Abednego; and if your
little, petty military tyrant takes it in his head
that fidelity to Heaven is an offense to him, he
may arrest the offender, and he may throw
him into the fiery furnace, not only seven times
heated, but seventy times heated. And yet
the party who are pressing and advocating
this measure are par excellence, according to
their self-laudation, the friends of liberty, a
liberty so pure, so universal that they hug
to their bosoms the degraded African, while
denying liberty of thought, liberty of speech,
and cvciy other species of liberty to their own
race.
I shall proceed with the inquiry by taking
up, in the order in which they stand, the sev-
eral provisions of the Constitution to which I
wish to call particular attention, beginning with
the first article of the amendments, which
declares that—
" Congress shall make no law respecting an estab-
lishment of religion or prohibiting the free exor-
cise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech or
of Iho press; or the right of the people peaceably to
assemble and to petition the Government for a
redress of grievances."
The value of the rights here secured to the
people by the prohibition imposed on Con-
gress must be too well understood to require
extended comment. It might bo enough to say
that no Government can claim to be free which
has the power to abridge them. A celebrated
Roman emperor, whose character has come
down through history as that of a tyrant, once
said, " In a free Government the mind and the
tongue must be iree." And no one who has
reflected on the subject will deny that "the
liberty of the press is the palladium of all our
civil, political, and religious rights."
This encomium coming from one so com-
pletely^ master of the science of government as
its distinguished author is eulogy enough. But
it is not the language of flattery or of an over-
estimated value of the liberty of the press. To
the political world it is a source of light; all
would be darkness without it. The press is the
medium of intelligence to the people ; the sen-
tinel that warns them of danger. It is the
good man's shield and the bad man's scourge ;
the hope of good public servants and the
terror of bad ones. By its instrumentality the
one receives his just reward, and the other his
just punishment. It- is emphatically the home
of the people. Now, I ask, has nottliis
clause of the Constitution been violated? Has
not press after press been suspended and pub-
lishers punished for venturing to express their
opinions ; and has not this been done under
the authority of martial law ? This bill confers
the power on the most insignificant lieutenant
to destroy the freedom of the press. And if
one press be stopped why not as well the whole
of them ? The same breath that suspends one
may suspend the whole. True, this is not very
likely to occur on so comprehensive a scale,
because there always will be those who—
" Crook the pregnant hinges of the knee,
Where thrift may follow fawning."
But can they be called the friends of the peo-
ple, or can their exemption be called the free-
dom of the press? They are the reverse; they
arebutthe miserableinstruments of oppression,
properly only a part of the machinery of mar-
tial law. Even in France a press cannot be
stopped until after it has been notified to desist
in its objectionable course. Now, I ask any
American citizen, after he shall have read the
Constitution, if any power in this country can
rightfully abridge the freedom of the press ? I
ask him then if this has not been done, and
then I ask if the power by which it was done
was not usurped ? I present these questions to
the advocates of this bill, and ask that they
should ponder on them and invent an answer
if they can that will harmonize our action with
our Constitution.
We may remember that Congress once under-
took to extend its fostering care to the ever-
restless spirit of despotism by means of the
sedition law, which abridged the freedom of
speech and of the press and imposed heavy
'penalties against such as might by speech or
by writing traduce the character of the Presi-
dent or the judges. While that measure was
pending before Congress, a distinguished Vir-
ginian, Mr. Nicholas, said:
"Ho was not ready to creato a domestic tyranny.
The people of this country were competent judges of
their own interests, and ho was desirous the press
should remain free to give them information relative
to them; and to restrict it would be to create a sus-
picion that there is something in our moasures which
ought to be kept from the light. It was striking at
tho root of republican government to restiiet the use
of speaking and writing."
The sedition law had but a brief existence;
public indignation soon consigned it to a grave
of ignominy; but its spirit seems to have been
a restless tenant of the tomb; like Hamlet's
ghost, it has arisen to stimulate revenge. As it
was not successful undor congressional author-
ity, it now claims a more potent paternity, and
is marching and proposes in this bill to con-
tinue marching over the land under the banner
of martial law with an escort of bayonets to
execute its will. But an insulted and outraged
people, if they are true to themselves, will yet
chock its career and consign it and its votaries
to such a destiny as marked the exit of the
sedition law and its friends. If they do not, it
will surely consign them to slavery. It is very
certain that no legislative body in that country
could pass a valid law abridging the freedom
of speech or of the press, and yet we have seen
it done over and over again without law, and
this bill proposes by pretense of law to make
valid the outrage. And it is surely absurd to
say the Constitution is so inconsistent, so con-
tradictory, and so repugnant in its provisions
as to authorize in one place what it has so
positively prohibited in another, or that it
authorizes inferences or implications which
destroy, nullify its express and leading decla-
rations, which constitute the very groundwork
of liberty. If such an intention could be im-
puted to the framers of the Constitution, they
would bo justly chargeable with fraud in having
provided a concealcd instrument to defeat
their open expressions of protection to the
people.
The next article to which I desire to direct
particular attention, as being directly prohib-
itory^ martial law, is the fourth article of tho
Amendments, which is in these words:
"The right of the people to be secure in their per-
sons, houses, papers, and effects, against uns-easona-
ble searches and seizures, shall not be violated; and
no warrants shall issue but upon probable cause
supported by oath or affirmation, and paiticularly
describing tho place to be searched or the persons or
things to be seized."
_ Now, I ask, has it not been the daily prac-
tice to search houses, seize papers, and arrest
persons without warrant, without affidavit, with-
out charge of crime, under the authority of
martial law? On the precedents of the Inqui-
sition, citizens have been often arrested without
even a knowledge of the charges against them.
Why, sir, only two or three years ago, during
the continuance of the war, an able judge in
the adjoining State of Maryland, whom I knew
when I was a boy, had been, as I heard, arrested
and placed in Fort Delaware. I went over to
see him. I found him, a wealthy gentleman
and a man of great ability, in a wooden shanty,
with^ common horse-blankets for his bed. I
inquired into the alleged causes for his arrest.
He was a judge on the bench; and some per-
sons having no authority, but calling themselves
loyal, wishing in that guise to steal off the Treas-
ury, had, without affidavit or warrant or any
authority whatever, in the night time seized
and arrested some citizens of his county, and
he, as a judge, in a charge to the grand jury,
told them that this conduct was in violation of
law, that the laws of Maryland forbade such
outrages. While he was holding his court, and
a case was on trial, a set of loyalists from Bal-
timore—and when I say loyalists I mean those
who style themselves loyalists ; and you know
Dr. Johnson said that patriotism was the last
refuge of a scoundrel, and it has become now-
a-days that some of the so-called loyalists in
this country are an exemplification of that re-
mark—these men went and dragged that judge
from his bench, beat him over the head with
their pistols till he fell prostrate upon the floor,
dragged him away from the temple of justice,
and placed him in a military fort for no other
cause than that; and this bill of yours justifies
any lieutenant in the whole South in dragging
a judge from the bench if he declares the law
to a grand jury.
This summary mode of arrest has not been
confined to p ersons connccted with the Army
or Navy, but it has beeu freely practiced on
citizens. And the question is: can this be done
without a plain, palpable violation of the Con-
stitution; is there any power in this coun-
try that can exercise such authority ? If so,
the Constitution must be inferior and subordi-
nate to that power. I assert that this provis-
ion was intended to guard against abuses by
martial law, and I appeal to history—to its
origin.
We derive this clause in our Constitution
from the " Petition of Right" of our English
ancestors, or, as it is often called, the second
charter of liberty. The right of personal lib-
erty is a natural right, but innovations having
been made upon it by kingly prerogative a
more permanent security was demanded, and
by Magna Charta it was declared that—
" No freeman may be taken or imprisoned, or dis-
seized of his freehold or his free customs, or be out-
lawed or exiled, or in any manner destroyed, but by
tho lawful judgment of his peers, or by tho laws of
the land."
By the common law an oath was required
before a warrant could be issued, and this
charter was an affirmance of the rights of Eng-
lishmen. Notwithstanding that strong and
explicit guarantee, in subsequent reigns kingly
prerogative, which is always restive under re-
straints, was used to make inroads on Magna
Charta, until in the reign of Charles I it had
occupied almost absolute supremacy. That
misguided monarch, in virtue of his preroga-
tive, claimed and exerted the right to extort
forced loans, benevolences, and taxes from the
people without the consent of Parliament.
He also made arbitrary arrests, and issued gen-
eral commissions to his officers to proceed by
"martial law," which brought unparalleled
outrages on the people.
_ And, Mr. President, your bill under con-
sideration authorizes these petty military
officers to try civilians by a military commis-
