84
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 7,
Ho. op Reps.
Government of Insurrectionary States—Mr. Rogers.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Mr. LE BLOND. I wish simply to state
my position, for I think the gentleman has not
stated it correctly. The position I take is this :
that the very moment the rebellion ceased these
States were entitled to all the rights under the
Constitution that they possessed before the
war commenced ; and having their State gov-
ernments in full operation all that was neces-
sary to be done was to let them send their
representatives to Congress, and to treat their
States as fully organized underthe Constitution
and laws of the Federal Government, precisely
as General Sherman provided and stated in the
articles of capitulation between himself and
General Johnston. That is the view I take.
Now, the very moment the President of the
United States appointed provisional governors
in those States he recognized to some extent
their disorganized condition, to which recog-
nition the ultras in this House appealed as a
justification for the course they were pursuing.
Mr. ROGERS. The gentleman and myself
do not disagree upon the proposition he lays
down, that the moment the war ceased the
people were entitled to all their constitutional
rights as they existed before the war. But the
gentleman said that the President of the United
States had no right, as Commander-in-Chief
of the Army and Navy, to lend his aid as such
by appointing provisional governors and put-
ting the people in the former position or the
original status which they occupied before the
rebellion broke out.
I hold this question to be settled by a judge
of the Supreme Court, in the opinion given by
one of the ablest men on that bench in a case
where this identical question of the status of
these States and the rights of their people came
up. I refer to the opinion of Justice Nelson
in the case of James Eaton, who applied for a
habeas corpus to be released from imprison-
ment, to which he had been sentenced by a
military commission in South Carolina for the
offense of murder alleged to have been com-
mitted in that State. Among other things
the judge decided:
" For all that appears the civil local courts of the
State of South Carolina were in the full exercise of
their judicial functions at the time of this trial, as
restored by the suspension of the rebellion some seven
months previously, and by the revival of the laws
and the reorganization of the State in obedience to
and in conformity with its constitutional duties to
the Union. Indeed, long previous to this the pro-
visional governor had been appointed by the Presi-
dent, who, as Commander-in-Chief of the Army and
Navy of the United States—and whose will under
martial law constituted the only rule of action—for
the special purpose of changing the existing state of
things and restoring the civil government over the
people. In operation of this appointment a new
constitution had been formed, a Governor and Legis-
lature elected under it, and the State placed in the
fall enjoyment or entitled to the full enjoyment of
all her constitutional rights and privileges. The
constitutional laws of the Union were thereby en-
joyed and obeyed, and were as authoritative and
binding over the people of the State as in any other
portion of the country. Indeed, the moment the re-
bellion was suppressed and the government growing
out of it subverted, the ancient laws resumed their
accustomed sway, subject onlv to the new reorgan-
ization by the appointment of the proper officer to
give them operation and effect. This organization
and appointment of the publio functionaries, which
was under the superintendence and direction of the
President, the Commander-in-Chief of the Army and
Navy of the country, and who as such had previously
governed the State from imperative necessity by the
force of martial law, had already taken place, and
the necessity no longer existed."
I read this for the purpose of showing that
Andrew Johnson, in pursuing the course of
policy which he did in organizing these States,
did no more than his duty imposed upon him by
the Constitution of the United States under his
oath of office as President and Commander-in-
Chief of the military and naval forces of the
United States. He was bound to assist them
in forming constitutional governments so as
to place them in their proper constitutional
relations as they existed prior to the breaking
out of the rebellion. Because, if the theory
of the gentleman from Ohio be true, that the
President had no right to lend' his aid to the
people of those States to form their govern-
ments, then the moment he undertook to inter-
fere, either by direction or implication, let
alone all mandatory action, he was a usurper
and a violator of the constitutional power
which was lodged in him either as Chief Mag-
istrate of the nation or as Commander-in
Chief of the Army and Navy. And, sir, I am
not willing here, as the advocate of the recon-
struction policy of the President, to brand him
as such a usurper and violator of the Constitu-
tion. Although I do not say that the gentleman
from Ohio undertakes so to brand him, yet the
effect of his doctrine is the same ; it is equiva-
lents declaring that the President has usurped
powers with which he was not clothed by the
Constitution in the course which he took in
guarantying under the solemn form of law the
\ reorganization of the State governments in the
South and their restoration to the same status
i which they occupied before the rebellion broke
out. When the war ended the people of the
South were in a state of chaos, and it was in-
dispensable that the President should lend his
aid, through the military power, to enable
; them to elect their Governors, hold their con-
ventions, form their constitutions, and place
their State organizations upon republican
forms, because the Army swept away all their
! governments formed under the articles of se-
cession ; but this bill proposes to destroy all
the present State governments there, and
makes no provision for forming any govern-
ments there.
Mr. LE BLOND. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. ROGERS. Yes, sir.
Mr. LE BLOND. I would ask the gentle-
man if those States had before the rebellion
republican forms of government?
Mr. ROGERS. Yes, sir; those States had
republican forms of government before the
rebellion.
Mr. LE BLOND. Wherein did they change
their forms of government during the rebellion?
Mr. ROGERS. Why, sir, many of them
formed entirely new State constitutions.
Mr. LE BLOND. WTill the gentleman desig-
nate a single State of the South which formed
a new constitution?
Mr. ROGERS. The States of South Carolina,
Virginia, Mississippi; and there were others.
They all made their constitutions conform to
their articles of secession, and provided in all
of them that the officers should swear to support
the secession governments, and altered all of
them in the particulars which required officers
to swear to support the Federal Constitution.
Their governments were not wholly destroyed,
but their forms of government, as they existed
before the rebellion, were changed from gov-
ernments owing obedience and allegiance to
the "Government of the United States to those
owing allegiance to a government formed by
usurpation and revolution. They were not the
very governments made under our Constitu-
tion. And upon no other hypothesis can you
•istain or advocate the policy of Abraham Lin-
coln, or the policy of Andrew Johnson, in re-
organizing and setting on foot forms of civil
government in those States. That action was
based upon the idea that the power was lodged
in him to so act, in virtue of the provision of
the Constitution making him Commander-in-
Chief of the Army and Navy of the United
States.
Mr. THAYER. "Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. ROGERS. Certainly.
Mr. THAYER. With the permission of the
gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Rogers] I
will state for the information of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Le Blond] one point in re-
gard to which I understand that the new con-
stitution of the State of South Carolina differed
from the old one. By the old constitution of
South Carolina representation in their State
Legislature was apportioned according to the
entire population, including both the whites
and the blacks. By the new constitution a
new apportionment was made, based upon the
white population only.
Mr. ROGERS. The old constitutions which
were in force in all those eleven States before
the rebellion required that any person who
held an office under the State government
•should take an oath to support the Constitution
of the United States.
I think there is no disagreement between me
and any gentleman on this side of the House
in regard to the status of those States not only
before but during and also after the rebellion.
My position always has been that the States as
States never were destroyed. The State itself
is one thing; the government of the State is
another thing. Our Constitution expressly
recognizes States as one thiijg and the govern-
ments of the States as another thing. The Gov-
ernment of Mexico has been several times over-
thrown, yet Mexico as a State still exists. The
States themselves retained their constitutional
relations to the Union to which they had been
cemented so fast by the blood of our fathers
that by no act of their people could any State
be separated from the rest without the consent
of all the States. But the people of those
States, by the force of arms, overthrew the State
governments which had been established by
virtue of law and set up others outside of the
law and the Constitution, and were therefore
absolutely void ab initio, unless you admit
the principle that a State has a right to secede.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
tell this House how there can be a State in
this Union without a government?
Mr. ROGERS. Very easily. I think no
one on either side of the House will deny that
during the war the governments which had
been recognized by onr Constitution were sus-
pended and the States existed as such without
such a republican form as the Constitution
contemplates where it provides that "the
United States shall guaranty to every State in
this Union a republican form of government."
Because the form of government which the
President, through the military, was bound to
guaranty must be a republican form in the
.Union; and although these States, underthe
articles of secession, had governments repub-
lican in form, they were not the very forms of
government contemplated by the Constitution,
because they we^e set up in defiance of it and
claimed to be out of the Union. The Presi-
dent, in using the military to prevent anarchy
and chaos South, and to place it in the power
of the people to form their State governments,
was doing what the Constitution commands
the United States to Jo when it uses the man-
datory language that they shall guaranty to
every State in this Union a republican form of
government.
It was because the States were in the Union
that the President had authority to enforce the
guarantee. " Who could, under the Constitu-
tion, enforce this guarantee, except the Presi-
dent, as Commander-in-Chief, through the mil-
itary power." The people of the South used
force to prevent republican formsinthe Union,
and by force attempted to set up such forms
outside of it. '"How then could our guarantee
be carried into effect, except by the President
as Commander-in-Chief?"' He is charged by
the organic law to see that the laws of the
Union be executed. But this bill overturns
the old and the new governments both, and
suspends a right in time of peace irrevocably
given to the people by the Constitution. I
mean the writ of habeas corpus, which the
Constitution says shall not be suspended (Except
in cases of rebellion or invasion, and then
only if the public safety require it.
I take theground that there is no place, posi-
tion, or location wherea State can exist outside
of the Union : and if those States were within
the pale of the Constitution, as the Supreme
Court of the United States say they were, all
the time during the rebellion, then there can
