1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
85
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Government of Insurrectionary States—Mr. Rogers.
Ho. of Reps.
be no such thing as a destruction of a State.
The legal Government cannot be destroyed by
the nuli government. The action of the people
cannot destroy the status that a State nad in
the Union. Those States were integral parts
of the Union, possessing most of their powers,
not by virtue of the Constitution, but as inher-
ent rights belonging to them before it was
made. But those rights were so limited by it
as to prevent disunion. There can be no such
thing as a State outside of the Union.
Sir, let us see what we are attempting to do.
We have before us an important question, one
deserving grave consideration from every can-
did man. This is a measure which may result
in weal or woe to the people of this country.
In my view its consequences must necessarily
be most destructive. It is an attempt for the
first time in the history of our Government to
inaugurate within this Union a government
founded on military power; to set up such a
government over territory which has hereto-
fore been recognized as constituting States
under the Constitution. There are in these
ten States six hundred and sixty thousand one
hundred and eight square miles of territory,
a territory more than equal in extent to the
five leading nations of Europe. This territory
embraces a white population of four million
six hundred and four thousand by the last cen-
sus, and a black population of three million
eight hundred and ninety-six thousand, making
a total of eight million five hundred thousand.
These States have a coast line of three thou-
sand miles and thirty-six thousand miles of
internal water line, including the Mississippi.
The agricultural productions of those States
in 1850 amounted to $560,000,000. They have
rich natural resources, which are not surpassed
by any other portion of the civilized globe.
They have Governors, Legislatures, courts,
railroads, canals, telegraphs, post offices, and
all the machinery of free government. Before
attempting to impose ugon a territory like this
a military despotism we should pause and con-
sider the terrible plunge which we are about to
make. It is establishing chains and shackles
for civil law. It is the work of wicked men,
ambitious of power, who hate liberty and have
a contempt for law. Civil liberty and this kind
of law cannot exist together; and in the con-
flict which it will surely bring on if it become
a law one or the other must perish. If this
proposition can be enforced and be submitted
to then liberty is dead, and we will all be
wretched mourners around its tomb.
The argument urged by gentlemen upon the
other side proceeds upon the assumption that
there is in the southern States at the present
moment a condition of affairs which renders it
impossible for the people there to protect them-
selves. It is urged that- there is an absolute
neeessity, if there is to be any personal security
there, that there shall be a different form of
government from that which existed before the
war. It is urged that armies and military tri-
bunals are necessary to be established there to
secure the rights of the loyal people. This is
utterly false. But, sir, this bill imposes upon
the South such a government as that which
King George attempted to impose upon the
people of the American colonies, causing
thereby the revolutionary war.
The gentleman from Connecticut has inti-
mated that the southern people have not yet
suffered sufficiently. Now, i am not here as
the special advocate of the South, but I am
the advocate of justice, and I say to the hon-
orable gentleman from Connecticut that no
people upon the face of the earth have ever
suffered so direfully and calamitously as have
the people of the South. Why, sir, we have
bnrned and devastated their cities, we have
laid waste hundreds of miles of their territory,
we have ruined their prosperous industries, we
have filled their homes with lamentation and
woe, wo have made a hundred of their fields
wet with their blood spilled in fierce conflict,
we have filled their land with widows and
orphans, whose wail of sorrow is now piercing
the very clouds. The rebellion was caused by
radicalism in the North and South, and your
party leaders are as guilty of bringing on the
war as the leaders of the rebellion South.
They ought not to be visited with this pun-
ishment upon the ground stated, because the
masses of them are not responsible for the war.
The masses did not bring it about. The inno-
cent babe and its harmless mother, the half-
grown lad and the old man in his dotage, are
not to be held accountable for it. The great
masses of the people were led astray by the
ambitious politicians, who desired to remodel
the Government that they might control it.
Why should we now impose upon the mass of
them a military despotism of such a character
as to deserve the forcible opposition of every
American citizen ? In the name of God and
our free institutions, I trust the people of this
country will not allow their liberties to be
crushed by a military despotism of this kind.
As one individual I would feel it the duty of
every loyal American citizen to resist by force
such an attempted invasion of liberty.
I tell you, sir, you will carry this conflict on
until you bring about a war that will shake this
country as with the throes of an earthquake ;
a war that will cause the whole civilized world
to witness our dreadful shock and fill nature
with agony in all her parts, with which the one
we have passed through is not at all to be com-
pared.
If you undertake to ride over the decisions
of the Supreme and other courts, subvert civil
law, and overthrow the Constitution, then,
unless we have become slaves and unfit to be
freemen, we will not submit without reluct-
ance, even though to sustain our Government
it may cost lis our blood.
The joint Committee on Reconstruction have
published to the country as their opinion that
the southern States were not out of the Union,
and that their State governments had the right
to reorganize and place themselves in their
constitutional relations to the General Govern-
ment.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I hope when
the gentleman next goes out to war I may be
there to see.
Mr. ROGERS. I am here, sir, to think and
speak for myself; and I do say I will oppose
despotism to the last extremity, and, as Patrick
ITenry said, if that be treason make the most
of it. It is treason to the Constitution of the
United States to place ten of the States of the
Union in a time of profound peace under the
unrestricted control of martial law, as is done
in this bill. I say if the people of the South
are not already so oppressed and broken down
as to be unable to defend themselves, if they
have the blood of Washington, Jefferson, Madi-
son, and the other hertes of the Revolution
running in their veins they would protest as
our fathers protested against the despotism
of King George when the military attempted to
deprive them of their inherent right to govern
themselves.
But they say we must have guarantees from
the South. The gentleman says there is no
guarantee against secession. Who is account
able for that ? This House and the Senate are
accountable. The committee of fifteen, com-
posed of gentlemen of high professional and
congressional standing, upon whom was de-
volved the important duty of framing an enact-
ment proposing an amendment to the Consti-
tution.of the United States, did not propose
that the e should be a feature of it providing
against future secession. It was their business
to do it. Gentlemen on the Republican side
of the House do not want this question settled.
They had no idea in presenting the constitu-
tional amendment to the people in the form
they have, that it would he accepted. The
people are compelled to take the whole of the
amendment or none at all. It was so framed
that the chance of rejection might be greater.
If each section had been submitted by itself
several would have been adopted.
Gentlemen say that the rebellion is not sup-
pressed. Is there any rebellion in the South
now? Are there any men in arms against the
Federal Government ? It is a mere attempt to
excite the people of the North against the
South. It is to put the minority in power at
the South.
The question involved has been settled by
the Supreme Court of the United States, and
upon it there was no dissenting opinion in the
court. Thoge who concurred in the minority
opinion in the Indiana case all agreed upon all
the points but one. They all agreed that in
times of peace Congress has no right to estab-
lish military tribunals for the trial of offenses,
whether in States that have been in rebellion
or not. The only disagreement among the
members of the court was as to the power to
establish military tribunals in time of war.
I now read from the opinion of the Supreme
Court of the United States in "ex parte Milligan:
"Another guarantee of freedom was broken when
Milligan was denied a trial by jury. Thegreatminds
of tlio country have differed on the correct inter-
preUtion to bo given to various provisions of the
Federal Constitution, and judicial decision has been
often invoked to settle their truemeanin?; but until
recently no one ever doubted that the right of trial
by jnry was fortified in the organic law against the
power of attack. It is now assailed; bnt, if ideas can
be expressed in words, and language has any mean-
ing, this right—one of the most valuable in a free
country—is preserved to every one accused of crimo
who is not attached to the Army or Navy or militia
in actual servico. The sixth amendment affirms that
'in all criminal prosecutions the accused shall enjoy
the right to a speedy and public trial by an impartial
jurv ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ *
"Allother persons, citizens ofStates where thecourts
are open, if charged with crime, are guarantied the
inestimable privilege of trial by jury. Thisprivilcge
is a vital principle, underlying the whole administra-
tion of criminal justice; it is not held by sufferance,
and cannot be frittered away on any plea of State or
political necessity. When peace prevails and the
authority of the Government is undisputed there is
no difficulty of preserving the safeguards of liberty;
for the ordinary modes of trial are never neglected,
and no one wishes it otherwise; but if society is dis-
turbed by civil commotion, if the passions of men
aro aroused and the restraints of law weakened, if
not disregarded, these safeguards need and should
rcceivo the watchful care of those intrusted with the
guardianship of the Constitution and laws. In n<?
other way can we transmit to posterity unimpaired*
the blessings of liberty, consecrated by the sacrifices
of the revolution.
"The statement of this proposition shows its im-
portance; for if true republican government is a
failure, and there is an end of liberty regulated by
law. Martial law established on such a basis de-
stroys every guarantee of the Constitution, and effect-
ually renders the 'militaryindependent of andsupe-
lior to the civil power'—the attempt to do which by
tho King of Great Britain was deemed by our fathers
such an offense that they assigned it to the world as
one of the causes which impelled them to declare
their independence."
But this bill, sir, proposes to take away the
right of trial by jury. These assumptions of
power were attempted to be sustained or ex-
cused during the war on the ground of military
necessity. When we have returned to a state
of peace there is no pretended necessity for it.
What has Andrew Johnson done in the
formation of these State governments that his
predecessor did not do? Mr. Lincoln was
revered by you all op the other side, and your
whole party clung to him with unfaltering
devotion. Did not he form State governments
for Louisiana, Arkansas, Tennessee, and Vir-
ginia, and were they not recognized by Con-
gress? If the State governments organized
by Andrew Johnson are void then the govern-
ment of Virginia and West Virginia, organzied
under Mr. Lincoln's administration, was also
void. The State of Virginia had adopted seces-
sion and officially signed the articles of confed-
eration and attached itself to the so-called con-
federate government long before West Virginia
was, by the action of the State of Virginia and
of Congress, admitted into the Union and per*
mitted to tend representatives to the Congress
