86
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 7,
Ho. of Reps.
Government of Insurrectionary States—Mr. Rogers.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
of the United States. What authority had
Congress or the Legislature of old Virginia to
agree to the creation of West Virginia unless
old Virginia was a State of the Union? Yet,
in the face of your premises, you have ad-
mitted Tennessee to representation. If it be
true that the status of that_ State had been
changed, that Virginia was a conquered terri-
tory, then it was beyond the control of Con-
gress and Virgiuia to make the State of West
Virginia a State. It follows upon the radical
theory that all the acts performed by any of the
officers of these Governments organized by
President Lincoln must be void.
If the position taken by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] be correct, that
these States are Territories, then we have no
right to rule and govern them by military
authority. I take issue with the gentleman
as to that on the ground that the Constitution
nowhere recognizes the right of Congress to
govern Territories by military law. Such a
power was never known to the Constitution.
It is inimical to its spirit, and is a perversion
of its intent and purposes.
Our fathers protested against the exercise
of this military power by England. It is
attempted here to take us back to the days prior
to 1776, and to put the southern States in the
very status that the Colonies were placed in by
England. You will find in the grievances set
forth in the Declaration of Independence the
very things which are now attempted to be
forced upon the southern people. Our fathers
asserted in that immortal document, as one of
their grievances, that King George kept among
us in time of peace a standing army without
the consent of the Legislatures of the Colonies.
What do you propose to do? You propose to
keep a standing army in ten States of this
Union without the consent of their Legislatures
and to render the civil authorities of those
States subordinate to the military power.
It goes further even than this. It proposes
to vest in military officers the power to appoint
tribunals to try offenders. Sir, this places in
the bands of the military the government of
eight million people. If that be not des-
potism, then our fathers were mistaken in the
assertion of the grievances against which they
rebelled and in the support of which they went
into the most glorious lievolution ever recorded
in the annals of history.
Another ground upon which they rebelled
was that the British Government deprived
them in many cases of the right of trial by jury,
and made the civil law subordinate to the mili-
tary power. Now, every one of these objections
will exist under the bill now pending. If the
people of the South were not at our mercy,
if they were not prostrate at our feet, if we
had not the power to stamp them to earth,
unless they were -reptiles unworthy to crawl
they would rise as their fathers rose against
the mother country. They are not cowards,
as their bravery has already demonstrated.
Did not the committee of fifteen, in reporting
the constitutional amendment which they ask
Congress to pass, recognize the existence of
these States? They reported a bill expressly
providing that whenever any State adopted
that amendment and it Jjecame a part of the
organic law such State should be entitled to
full representation in Congress. This shows
that these fifteen gentlemen, selected at the
commencement of this Congress to devise
means by which our difficulties could be set-
tled, were eight months ago clearly of the
opinion that these States were entitled to ex-
ercise their constitutional functions and to be !
represented here. |
I do not stand alone upon the decision I have :
read, but have others to .which I will refer '
■which decide that the Federal Government can
exercise no rights except those which it was
authorized to exercise over its own territory
before the rebellion broke out. .The war did
not give the Government of the United States
a right to any new territory; it acquired the
right to exercise no new sovereign cower that
did not exist in it before the rebellion. And
j when that insurrection was suppressed it sim-
! ply resumed control of the sovereign jurisdic-
j tion which it had the right to exercise over those
States as States before the rebellion broke out.
It merely acquired possession of its own terri-
tory ; it proceeded upon the principle of an
action of ejectment. Finding that a usurper,
an intruder was in possession of some terri-
tory over which it had sovereign power, it took
possession of that territory again ; but it ac-
j quired no power or authority which was not
lodged in it before the rebellion broke out.
I refer the members of this House to the
case of the Amy Warwick, in admiralty. I
know there is no use in reading law or making
arguments here upon this subject, for there is
a predisposition on the part of honorable gen-
tlemen in this House to so conduct the legisla-
tion of this country as to perpetuate their polit-
\ ical power. They appear to be afraid to allow
representation to these people in the South for
i fear that their present political power may be
taken away from them and they thus lose the
control of the Government.
"In tho ease of the Amy Warwick, in admiralty,
Judge Sprague, of Massachusetts, said:
"' It ha-s been supposed that if the Government have
tho rights of a belligerent, then, after the rebellion
is suppressed, it will have the rights of conquest;
that a State and its inhabitants may be permanently
divested of all political privileges, and treated as for-
eign territory acquired by arms.' This is an error,
a grave and dangerous error. Belligerent right can-
not be exercised where there are no belligerents.
Conquest of a foreign country gives absolute, unlim-
ited sovereign rights, but no nation ever makes such
a conquest of its own territory. If a hos.' lie Power,
either from without or within, take and hold posses-
sion and dominion over any portion of its territory,
and the nation by force of arms expel or overthrow
the enemy and suppress hostilities, it acquires no
new title, but merely regains the possession of that
of which it had been temporarily deprived. Tho
nation acquires no new sovereignty, but merely main-
tains its previous rights.
When the United States take possession of a rebel
district they merely vindicate their preexistent title.
Under despotic Governments the right, of confiscation
may be unlimited, but under our Government the
right of sovereignty over any portion of a State is
given and limited by the Constitution, and will be
tho same after the war as it was before."
I have also another opinion here of a com-
mentator on criminal law, Mr. Bishop, in which
he takes the same ground. Therefore there
are four different decisions and opinions, all
expressly sustaining the position which the
President of the United States occupies.
Bishop on Law, in section one hundred and
thirty-two, volume one, remarks:
"Except, therefore, for the clause guarantying
republican governments to the States, the United
States might, if it chose, after a State has committed
wbat iscalled an act of secession," * * * *
"legislate tor it forever, to the exclusion of any
subsequent State legislation. But the clause under
consideration provides that the United States shall
guaranty to the State a republican form of govern-
ment. Therefore, as sopn ns the guarantee is exe-
cuted, the right of legislation which the United States
received from the defunct State government flows
out to the new State government.
"Wben for any reason, as for instance when a
State has passed what is termed in these days an
ordinance of secession, there ceases to be within the
State a government under the Constitution of the
United States, "the guarantee" mentioned in this
section of the Constitution attaches, and the "United
States " becomes obligated to give the State a repub-
lican form of government."
I stated in a speech which I made here some
three or four weeks ago that the liberties of
the people were about being taken away. I
stated that in good faith ; and the legislation
now proposed fully convinces me of my proph-
ecy on that occasion. And I am here again
to raise my warning voice and proclaim to
them that liberty expires in the establishing
of a military government over one third of
the territory of this nation. Sir, when that
shall be done onr liberties will have been de-
stroyed, and despotism and tyranny will reign
in full and undisturbed impunity; and the
place where our fathers and mothers used to
drink the love of liberty on the mountains and
in the vales will no longer be visited by any-
thing but the rule of despotism and anarchy ;
and the scenes of Mexico and South America
will soon be enacted in our land. God knows
I have but one hope, and that is to seethe flag
of our country waving in triumph from one end
of it to the other. I want to see the Constitu-
tion of our fathers preserved, and to see civil
liberty maintained as our fathers left it to us.
I want law, liberty, and order to go down to
posterity, as a bright casket of human freedom,
unimpaired. I want to see the day when the
passions of the hour shall have passed awav.
and when a generous, humane, and enlightened
policy toward a brave, courageous, and noble
fallen foe shall be adopted. 1 want to preserve
a reverence for the memory and for the tomb
of Washington, which lies in Virginia, and
where his sacred dust and ashes are mingling
with the soil of that State, as a consecrated
emblem of liberty never to be disgraced by
governing the land where he lies by a wicked
military despotism, as proposed by this bill.
I know that men langh and sneer at such pre-
dictions as these. They think that these calam-
ities are not coming upon us. I tell gentlemen
that in the heat and excitement of the present
time you do not reflect as you should. Party
passions often obscure the better reason which
should at all times govern our minds. We are
warned by George Washington in his Farewell
Address, as we are warned by the recent opin-
ions of the Supreme Court, that in the heat and
excitement of party passion liberty is easily
dethroned.
This Government, sir, has been the model
one of the world. It was founded by our
fathers upon principles of liberty ; it was
erected in antagonism to military rule; it was
established to secure to every man his rights of
civil_ liberty, where every man's house should
be his castle, where the courts of the country
should be open to all'. Yet if we are to coun-
tenance such legislation as this, the day is fast
approaching when ours shall be a Government
of bastiles, dungeons, cells, anarchy, despot-
ism, secret police, spies, and informers. I
grieve to see the day when any portion of the
people of this country, whether they have been
engaged in rebellion or not, shall be deprived
of those inestimable rights which the blood of
our fathers was shed to establish. These rights
are to be' invaded by the legislation which it
appears this House is about to pass. It will
be the end of free government if such a law
be enforced. It deserves to be met by all the
force which the people are able to command.
I am anxious to preserve the equilibrium of
the different departments of the Government;
I desire that the executive power shall be con-
fined to its constitutional limits; I want the
judicial power to be restricted to its legitimate
sphere; I wish the power of Congress to be
exercised strictly within the scope defined by
the fundamental law. When these several de-
partments come into collision there results a
disorder that must be fatal to the public good.
But, sir, even putting out of view the con-
stitutional question, I submit that as a matter
of policy we ought not to pass this bill. Have
the people of the South done .anything that
warrants such treatment? I claim that thev
are a brave people. I claim that they are
"bone of our bone and flesh of our flesh."
Their fathers and our fathers, fighting side by
side, achieved the liberties of this country.
hen the people of the South rebelled against
the power of the Federal Government they did
no more than has been done by many nations
in times past. It was an exercise of revolution-
ary power; and if they had succeeded in that
effort the nations of Europe would have placed
the leaders side by side with those who suc-
ceeded in vindicating their liberties against
the power of Great Britain and establishing
a Government on this continent founded upon
