1456
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February. 16,
they must do so in subordination to the Con-
stitution. A rebellion is but an effort to throw
off the obligations the citizen owes to the Gov-
ernment, and the President, and. those who
advocate a violation of the Constitution, by
disregarding these obligations were precisely in
the attitude of the rebels; they rebel against the
Government, and by one rebellion attempt to
suppress another. And if the Constitution be
the true form of government, those who have
discarded its sacred injunctions by the adoption
and practice of martial law are as much rebels
in principle as those who attempted openly to
throw off its obligations. Wearenowa nation
of rebels ; we have thrown off all the secur-
ities of the Constitution, and have in practice
adopted a despotism; the party in power have
rebelled against the Government our fathers
left us.
I will barely allude to another- article, the
tenth, which is not without great significance.
It declares that "the powers not delegated to
the United States by the Constitution, nor
prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the
States respectively, or to the people thereof."
The object of this is too plain to be mistaken;
it was intended to guard against the very sys-
tem which has been inaugurated, the system
of latitudinous construction, which without this
guard was likely to be employed to the total
overthrow of the instrument itself and to the
utter subversion of the rights of the States
and the rights of the people. In its effect
this is a plain declaration that no power shall
bo raised by construction. How flagrantly this
provision has been violated the history of the
last six years but too abundantly proves. Con-
struction has built up an entirely new and
different Government from that established by
the Constitution.
It is not remarkable that there should be a
mcagerness of judicial precedent on this ques-
tion in this country, for it is so bold an inno-
vation on our theory of government that it has
been seldom ventured on. We are not, how-
ever, entirely without judicial authority of the
highest character, though these precedents
seem never to_ have been discovered by the
advocates of this system. Judge Bay, of South
Carolina, in Lamb's case, said:
" If by martial law is to bo understood that dread-
ful system, the law of arms, which in former times
was exorcised by the king of England and his lieu-
tenants when his word was tho law and his will the
power by which it was exercised, I have no hesita-
tion in saying that such a monster could not exist in
this land of liberty and freedom. The political at-
mosphere of America would destroy it in embryo. It
was against such a tyrannical monster that wo tri-
umphed in our revolutionary conflict. Our fathers
sealed the conquest by their blood, and their poster-
ity will never permit it to tarnish our soil by its un-
hallowed feet or harrow up tho feelings of ouricallant
sons by its ghastly appearance. All ourcivil institu-
tions forbid it: and the manly hearts of our country-
men arc steeled against A."~Car. Law Hep., page330.
_ This is strong language, directed against pre-
cisely the same system under which we have
been living for thelast four years. Our defini-
tion gives precisely the English idea of martial
law as practiced by tho king and his lieuten-
ants. What was snch a monster in the esti-
mation of Judge Bay has been the presiding
genius in this our once free country for four
years past. We have had the will of the com-
manding generals for the law, and their words
the power to carry it into execution. How-
ever much the manly hearts of our countrymen
may be steeled against it, it is nevertheless the
law of arms, which emanated, not from our
legislative halls, but from the edict of a single
person, and by the power of the sword com-
pelled submission to its mandates.
The colleague of Judge Bay in that case de-
livered a very able and learned opinion that
under the Constitution of the United States
there could exist in the free Republic of the
United States no such martial law. Sir, it
cannot be administered as against the citizen;
it cannot be administered as against the sol-
dier in the field, because the soldier in the
field has his law which to him is "due pro-
cess." It is the Rules and Articles of War,
enacted by the Congress of the United States.
He is not subject to the arbitrary will of the
commander. That is the definition given of
martial law by the Duke of Wellington—the
will of the commander in the field. It can-
not be administered aa against the citizen, be-
cause the Constitution, which is the bulwark
of his liberty, says that if he is accused of
crime he shall have the benefit of an indict-
ment by a grand jury and trial by a petit jury;
that he shall not be arrested except upon war-
rant; and that the warrant shall not issue
except upon an affidavit showing the commis-
sion of crime. This authority does not stand
alone. I shall make an extract at some length
from a decision of the supreme court of Lou-
isiana in the case of Johnson vs. Duncan, 3
Louisiana Reports, 551; 1 Condensed Louisi-
ana Eeports, 157. This case was decided in
1815, and involved the validity of "martial
law" as declared by General Jackson at New
Orleans:
"Martin, J. A motion that the court might pro-
ceed in this case has been resisted on two grounds:
"1. That the city audits environs were, by general
orders of the officer commanding the military dis-
trict, put on tho 15th of December last under striot
martial law.
"2. That by the third section of an act of Assembly,
approved on the 18th of December last, all proceed-
ings in any civil case are suspended.
*'1. At the close of the argument on Monday last,
we thought itour duty.lestthe smallest delay should
countenance the idea that this court entertained any
doubt on tho first ground, instantly to declare viva
voce (although tho practice is to deliver our opinions
in writing) that the exercise of an authority vested
by law in this court could not be suspended by any
man.
" In any other State but this, in the population of
which are many individuals, who not being perfectly
acquainted with their rights, may easily bo imposed
on, it could not be expected that the judges of this
court, in complying with tho constitutional injunc-
tion in all cases to adduce the reasons on which their
judgment is founded, take up much time to show
that the court is bound utterly to disregard what is
thus callcd martial law; if anything be meant
thereby but tho strict enforcing of the rules and
articl es for the go vcrnmont of the Army of tho United
States, established bv Congress, or any act of that
body relating to military matters, on ail individuals
belonging to the Army or the miiitia iu tku service
of the United States. Yet we are told that by this
proclamation of the martial law, tho officer who
issued it has conferredon himself, over all his fellow-
citizens, within the space he has described, a supreme
and unlimited power, which being incompatible with
tho exercise of the functions of the civil magistrate
necessarily suspends them.
"This bold and novel assertion is said to be sup-
ported by the ninth scction of tho first article of the
Constitution oftheUnited States, ltis there pro-
vraed that the piivilcge of tho writ of habeas corpus
shall not bo suspended unless when in cases of inva-
sion or rebellion the public safety may require it.
\Ye arc told that the commander of the military dis-
trict is tho person who is to suspend the writ, and is
to do so whenever in his judgment the public safety
appears to require it; that as ho may thus paralyze
the arm of the justice of his country in this most im-
portant ease, the protection of theliberty of tho citi-
zen, it follows that as he who can do the more can
do tho less, he can also suspend all other functions
of the civil magistrate, which he does by his procla-
mation of martial law.
"This mode of reasoning varies toto cceh from the
decision of tho Supremo Court of the United States
in tho ease of Swartwouttand Boleman, arrested in
this city in 1806, by General Wilkinson. The court
then declared that the Constitution had exclusively
vested in Congress tho right of suspending tho privi-
lege of the writ of habpas corpus, and that body was
the solo judge of the necessity which called for sus-
pension. ' If at any timelsaid the Chief Justice] the
public safety shall require the suspension of the
powers vested in the courts of the United States by
this act [the habeas corpus act] it is for the Legislature
to say so. This question depends on political con-
siderations, on which the Legislature is to decide.
Till the legislative will be expressed, this court can
only seeitsdutiesandmustobeythelaw.' (4Cranch,
page 101.) Thehigh authority of thisdecision seems,
however, to be disregarded, and a contrary opinion
is said to have been lately acted upon to the distress
and terror of the good people of this State; it is
therefore meet to dispel the clouds which dosigning
men endeavor to cast on this article of the Constitu-
tion, that the people should know that their rights
thus defined, are neither doubtful nor insecure, but
supported by the clearest principles of our laws."
Judge Martin then proceeded at some length
and with great force and clearness to show
that the power to suspend the writ of habeas
corpus is exclusively a legislative power, and
cannot be exerted by any other authority in
the Government, and after having done so, he
continued:
"If it be said that the laws of war, being the
laws of the United States, authorize the procla-
mation of martial law, I answer that in peace
or in war no law can be onactcd but by the legis-
lative power. In England, from whence the Ameri-
can jurist derives Ms principles in this respect,
martial law cannot be used without the authority of
Parliament. (5 Comyns, 229.) The authority of tho
monarch himselfis insufficient. In the case of Grant
vs. Sir C. Gould, (2 H. Black, 69.) which was onapro-
hibition [applied for in the Common Pleas] to the
defendant as judge advocate of a court martial to pro-
vent tho execution of the sentence of that military
tribunal, the counsel who resisted the motion said it
was not to be disputed that martial law can only bo
exercised in England so far as it is authorized by the
mutiny act and the Articles of War, all which are
established by Parliament or its authority, and the
court declared it totally inaccurate to state any other
marttal law as having any place whatever within tho
realm of England. In that country and in these
States by martial law is understood the jurisprudenco
of those cases which are decided by military judges
or courts-martial. * When martial law is established
and prevails in any country, [said Lord Loughbor-
oughjm thecase cited, itisoftotally adifferentnature
from that which is inaccurately called martial law,
(because the decisions are by court martial) but which
bears no affinity to that which was formerly attempted
to be exercised in this kingdom, which was contrary to
tho Constitution, and which has for a century been
totally exploded.' When martial law prevails, [con-
tinued the judge,] the authority under which it is
cxercised claims jurisdiction over all military persons
in all circumstances; every species of offense com-
mitted, by any person who appertains to the army is
tried, not by civil jurisdiction, but by the judication
of the corps or regiment to which he belongs."
After having made this reference to the Eng-
lish law, Judge Martin continued:
" This is martial law as defined by Hale and Black-
stone, and which the court declared not to exist in
England. Yet it is confined to military persons.
Here H is contended, and the court must admit, if we
sustain the objection, thafcifc extends to all persons,
that it dissolves for a while the government of the
State."
And he might have added also, with perfect
truth, that it dissolves also the Government
of the United States.
"Yet, according to our laws, [continues Judge
Martin,] all military courts are under a constant
subordination to the courts of law. Officers who
have abused their powers, though only in regard to
their own soldiers, are liable to a prosecution in a
court of law, and compelled to make satisfaction.
Even a flagrant abuse of authority by members of a
court-martial, when sitting to judge their own people,
and determine in cases of a military kind, mokes
them liable to the animadversions of a civil judge.
(Dololme,447; Jacob's Law Dictionary, Verbo Court -
Martial.) How preposterous, then, the idea that a
military commander may, by his own authority, de-
stroy the tribunal established by law as tho asylum
of those oppressed by military despotism."
I have extracted at length from, the opinion
of Judge Martin because of his eminence as a
jurist, and because of the force and clearness
of his opinion. He has not only shown us
what American law is, but he has also shown
us what English law is on this very interesting
subject. He has shown us, too, "that we have
picked up and practiced a system of oppression
which, according to Lord Loughborough, has
been exploded in England for a century. We
have invested our President with a power that
was claimed and exerted as a prerogative of
the Crown when English monarchs were des-
pots, and which has, happily for the people of
that country, been expelled from its dominions
to find a lodgment here.
But I will also make an extract from the
opinion of one of Judge Martin's associates,
Judge Derbigny, who said:
"To have a correct idea of martial law in a free
country, examples must not be sought in the arbi-
trary conduct of absolute Governments. The mon-
arch who unites in his hands all the powers may
delegate to his generals authority unbounded as his
own. Bat in a republic where the Constitution has
fixed the limit and extent of every branch of Govern-
ment, in time of war as well as of peace, there can
exist nothing vague, uncertain, or arbitrary in the
exercise of any authority.
" Tho Constitution of the United States, in which
everything necessary to the general and individual
security has been foreseen, does not provide that in
times of public danger the executive power shall
reign to the exclusion of all others. It does not trust
into the hands of a dictator the reins of Government.
The framers of that charter were too well aware of
the hazards to which they would have exposed the
fate of the Republic by such a provision; and had
they done it, the States would have rejected a Consti-
tution stained with a clause so threatening to their
liberties."
Judge Derbigny then made an extract from
Delolme in regard to the suspension of the
habeas corpus in England, and proceeded
thus :
" And can it be asserted that while British subjects
are thus secured from oppression in the worst of times,
American citizens are left at the meroy of tho will of
