1861
/
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. SLOAN. Another point of order. The
bill has not been read by sections for amend-
ment. -
JThe CHAIRMAN, The 'first reading was
dlipensed with by unanimous consent, so the
Chair overrules the point of order.
Mr. SLOAN. I ask unanimous consent to
move an amendment.
Mr. OULLOM. I object.
Mr, STEVENS, I move that the commit-
tee rise and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. I)awes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
special order, being bill of the House No. 918,
making appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department during the fiscal year
ending June 30. 1868, had made an amend-
ment thereto, and had directed him to report
the same to the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I call the previous ques-
tion on the bill and amendment.
The "previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SLOAN. . I move th$t the bill and
pending amendrnent be laid on the table.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. SLOAN. I call the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
The amendment reported from the Commit-
tee of the Whole was agreed to ; and the bill,
as amended, was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
apcdrdingly read the third time.
' Mr.. STEVENS. I Gall the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HAB£>IN&, of Illinois. I move that
the House ^adjourn.
The motion was disagreed, to. ,
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. KASSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
small-arms.
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
referred, under the law, to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That five hundred copies of the commu-
.nication from the Secretary of War, in answer to a
resolution of this House in reference to small-arms,
be printed for the use of the members of the House.
the militia.
Mr. BAKER. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to offer the following resolution:
jResolved, That the Judiciary Committee bo in-
structed to inquire whether the public interests
require any modification of the statute of February
28.1795, entitled'' An act to provide for calling forth
the militiato execute the laws of theUnion,suppress
insurrections, and repel invasions, and to repeal the
atet now in force for those purposes?" and particu-
larly whether any change should be made as to the
first section of said act, and that said committee be
empowered to Report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. RANDALL,.of Pennsylvania. Iobject.
And then, on motion of fir. CULLOM, (at
thirty-five minutes past three o'clock p. m.,)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule, and referred to theappropriatecommitteea:
By Mr. DEMING: The petition of the cigar manu-
facturers of Windsor and of the Confiecticut Tobacco-
Growers' Association, for a reduction of tax on cigars.
By Mr. EGGLESTON: The memorial of the Cin-
cinnati Relief Union, in favor of granting a pension
to Mrs. Elizabeth Staley.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The petition
of the trustees of the Museum of Comparative Zool-
ogy at Cambridge, Massachusetts, praying for the
remission of the duty and tax on alcohol used in
preserving and repacking specimens ofl natural his-
tory collected by Professor Agassiz in Brazil.
By Mr. HUNTER: The petition of the fire insur-
ance companies of the city of Brooklyn, for relief
from the tax imposed by the seventy-seventh section
of internal revenue law.
By Mr. KASSON; The memorial F  Harbach,
and others, of Polk county, Iowa, for specific instead
of ad valorem duty on'cigars and tobacco.
By Mr. KELLEY: The petition of 31 citizen^ of
Pennsylvania, praying that Andrew Johnson, Presi-
dent of theunited States,in consid6ration,of his per-
petration of certain crimesand misdemeanors during
his term of office, be forthwith impeach,cd by the
House of Representatives of the United States.
By Mr. PAINE: A petition of manufacturers of
white beer in the city of -Milwaukee, for a modifica-
tion of the internal revenue law.
# By Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania: The peti-
tion of .the fire insurance companies of Philadelphia,
for relief from the tax imposed by the seventy-seventh
section of the internal revenue law.
By Mr. STOKES: The petition of Dr. Thomas
Haughey.'for quart ermastersandcommissary'sstores
taken by General Wilson's command.
By Mr. VAN HORN, of New York: The petition
of 72 citizens of Genesee county. New York, some of
whom were soldiers in the war of 1812, asking that aid
be granted to such soldiers by way of pensions or
bounty, as Congress may deem best, as a recognition
of their services.
Also, the petition of General Wood, of Lockport,
New York, manufacturer in flax, for additional pro-
tection.
Also, the petition of 50 citizens of Genesee county,
New York, asking additional protection on wool.
By Mr. WARNER: The memorial of Sprague,
Boyden & Walton and other manufacturers of pocket
cutlery, for reduction of internal revenue.
Also, memorial of Ethan Allen, and others, for the
same purpose.
Also, memorial of A. I. Hiscock, and others, for the
same purpose.
Also, memorial of the Middletown Tool Company,
manufacturers of hardware and tools, praying for
reduction of revenue tax on their commodities.
Also, apetition of the Fire Insurance Company of
the city of New Haven, for relief from tax imposed
by internal revenue law.
By Mr. WENTWORTII: The petition of citizens
of Chicago, for a light-house and pier at Thunder
Bay, Michigan.
Also, the petition of the leather manufacturers of
Chicago, praying for a reduction of taxes.
IN SENATE. .
Thursday, January 24, 1867.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday, but before concluding was inter-
rupted by
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. It can only
be dispensed with by the unanimous consent
of the Senate. The Chair hears no objection,
and the further reading is dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WADE. I hold in my hand nineteen
petitions from various parts of Ohio, setting
forth that in the belief of the petitioners the
tariff bill agreed upon by the joint committee
of wool-growers and manufacturers, and whieh
passed the House of Representatives at the
last session, was fair toward all other interests
and afforded no more than a just and reason-
able protection to the wool and woolen inter-
ests of the Country, and therefore praying for
its immediate passage into a law. As that
subject is now' pending before the Senate, I
move that these petitions be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I have also another petition
of the same character precisely from the county
of Lake, Ohio, signed I believe by more than
a thousand petitioners, praying for the passage
of the House tariff bill of the last session ;
which I move take the same direction.
The petition was ordered to lie upon the
table.
Mr.. WILSON presepted three petitions of
officers of the United States Army, praying for
an increase of pay ; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petit-ion
of Samuel T. Atkinson, praying for compensa:
tkm for services rendered as assistant assessor
of internal revenue in the first collection dis-
trict of South Carolina; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
He also presented an additional paper ia
relation to the claim of Thomas E. Dudley, for
services rendered as assistant assessor in the
first collection district of South Carolina!
which was referred- to tisc Committee an Fi-
nance.
_Mr. LANE presented.three memorials e>f
citizens of Indiana, remonstrating againsf the
passage of any law authorizing the curtailment
of the national currency, or a return within a
limited time to specie payments, and against
compelling all national banks to redeem their
notes in New York, or prohibiting them from
paying or receiving interest on bank balances j
which were referred to the Committee oa
Finance. •' .
Mr. MORRILL presented the petition, of
Harriet W. Pond, praying to be remunerated
for money expended and services rendered by
her in taking care of sick and wounded sol-
diers; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. BUCEALEW presented .a petition of
naturalized citizens and immigrants whoiiave
declared their intention to become citizens of
the United States-, residing in Clinton county,
Pennsylvania, praying for an amendment te
the act to regulate the elective franchise in the-
District of Columbia, so as to put all white
men who have declared their intention of be-
coming citizens and residents of the District
of Columbia upon an equal footing with the
negroes, and to extend to them the same privi-
leges enjoyed by negroes; which was referred
to the Committee cm the District of Columbia.
Mr. KIRKWOOD presented the petition' of
Hiram W. Johnson, of Johnson county, Iowa,
Eraying for compensation for losses alleged to
ave been sustained by him by reason of the
occupation of certain land in Arkansas by
United States troops, he having leased the
same of Mr. Mellen, special agent of the Treas-
ury Department; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
reports of committees.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (HU R. No. 217) to allow
members of Congress to inspect papers in the
Post Office Department, reported it frith an
amendment.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee 013 Terri-
tories, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
601) amendatory of an act to provide a tem-
porary government for the Territory of Mon-
tano, approved May 26,1864, reported it with
an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 523) to pro-
vide for the registration of electors in.- the Ter-
ritories of the united States, reported it with,
an amendment.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Ethan N. Jenks, late a captain in the seventh
regiment of Rhode Island volunteers, praying
for allowances for pay for certain services from
May 4 to September 9,1863, submitted a import,
accompaniwl by a bill (S. No. 531) for the
relief of Ethan N. Jenks, late'a captain in the
seventh regiment of Rhode Island volunteers.
The bill was read and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on Finance, to whom were referred the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 90) to suspend
temporarily the collection of the direct tax
within the State of West Virginia, reported in.
favor of concurring in the amendments of the
House, with fimeadments.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a motion to print a
memorial of the merchants, manufacturers,
mechanics, and others, of the city of Balti-
more, i'c®£instrating against the parage of
the bankrupt bill, have instructed me to report
it back and ask to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration, under the general rule the
committee have adopted not to print memo-
rials unless there be some special reason f«r it.
The report was agreed to; " .
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was' referred the bill (H.
R. No. 896) making appropriations for th«
