1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1457
an individual, who may in certain cases, the necessity
of which is to be judged of by himself, assume a su-
preme, overbearing, unbounded power? The idea
is not only repugnant to the principles of any free
Government, but subversive of the very foundations
of our own.
" Under the Constitution and laws of the United
States, [continued the judge] the President has a
right to call or cause to be called into the scrvico of
the United States even the whole militia of any part
of the Union in case of invasion. This power exer-
cised here by his delegate has placed all the citizens
subject to military duty under military authority and
military law. That I conceive to be the extentof the
martiallaw, beyond which allis usurpation of power.
" The proclamation of martial law, therefore, can-
not have had any other effcct than that of placing
under military authority all citizens subject to militia
service. It is in that sense alone that the vague ex-
pression of martial law ought to be understood among
us. To give it any larger extent would be trampling
upon the Constitution and laws of our country."
If any question can be settled by a judicial
determination, fortified as this is both by rea-
son and by precedent, then this decision surely
is sufficient to put at rest forever in this coun-
try the question of the power to proclaim and
enforce martial law. It is the argument of pro-
found jurists who were acting in the discharge
of the solemn duty of protecting the Constitu-
tion from innovations from those who were
clothed with "a little brief authority," and
with the strong arm of power to enforce their
will. As such I commend it to the calm con-
sideration of the lovers of constitutional liberty.
I will also call attention to the very able
opinion of Judge Woodbury, delivered in the
case of Luther M. Borden and Martin Luther,
7 Howard, S. C. Rep., 1. The case grew out
of what is known as the Dorr rebellion in
Rhode Island. To suppress that rebellion the
old or charter government, through its Legisla-
ture, declared martial law in the State, and
while this was in existence the cause of action
originated. A majority of the Supreme Court,
and it was but a bare majority, three out of the
nine judges being absent and one dissenting,
bestowed a brief notice on the question of
martial law, and sanctioned its declaration by
the State. But Judge Woodbury did not choose
that a question of such vital importance should
be so briefly passed over, and he took the pains
to state that he dissented on the question of
martial law. I should here remark that even
the meager decision of the majority of the court
sustaining the Legislature in declaring martial
law would by no means be an authority for the
exercise of a like power by the Government
of the United States or any of its officials. _ A
State constitution is a limitation of power im-
posed by the people on the legislative and other
departments of the State goverment; and as a
State is a sovereignty, its Legislature can exert
all legislative power if there be no limitation
or prohibition. The United States Govern-
ment possesses only such power as has been
given to it. Owing to the great length of Judge
Woodbury's opinion, I can only state some of
the points he did decide, and give a few ex-
tracts. He held that a State Legislature had
no power to declare martial law, and the whole
course of his very conclusive argument and
the principles he lays down show that no such
power exists in this country, but that it is
utterly at war with the spirit of our Govern-
ment, State and Federal. He said :
" For convincing reasons like these, in every coun-
try which makes any claim to political or civil liberty,
martial law, as here attempted and as once practiced
in England against her own people, has been ex-
pressly forbidden there for near two centuries, as well
as by the principles of every other free constitutional
Government. (Hallam's Con. His., p. 420.) And it
would be not a little extraordinary if the spirit of our
institutions, both State and national, wasnotmuch
stronger than in England against the unlimited ex-
ercise of martial law over a whole people, whether
attempted by any Chief Magistrate or even by a
Legislature."
He also said:
"Under the worst insurrections and even wars in
our history, so strong a measure as this is believed
never to have been ventured on before by the General
Government, and much less by any of the States, as
within their constitutional capacity either in peace,
insurrection, or war. And if it is to be tolerated, and
the more especially in civil feuds like this, it will
open the door in future domestic dissensions here to
a series of butchery, rapine, confiscation, plunder,
conflagration, and cruelty unparalleled m the worst
contests in history between mere dynasties for su-
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 92.
preme power. It would go in practice to render the
whole country—what Bolivar seemed at one time to
consider his—a camp, and the administration of the
Government a campaign."
The judge also urged the importance of
always keeping the military subordinate to tlie
civil power, and utterly denied that the sus-
pension of the writ of habeas corpus would
furnish any pretext for or in any way justify
martial law.
I make one further extract from the judge's
learned opinion. He says:
" It is to be hoped we have somenational ambition
and pride under our boasted dominion of law and
order, to preserve them by law, by an enlightened
and constitutional law, and the moderation of supe-
rior intelligence and civilization, rather than by
appeals to any of the semi-barbarous measures of
darker ages, and the unrelenting, lawless persecu-
tions of opponents in civil strife which characterized
and disgraced those ages."
This is Judge Woodbury's opinion of martial
law, and I ask the candid observer if he has
not witnessed the fulfillment of many of his
predictions, and much more, under its relent-
less rule ?
Odious, however, as this system is, and much
as it conflicts with the Constitution, the means
or instrumentalities employed to give ;t a vig-
orous, practical operation are equally so. The
whole country has been filled with swarms of
secret emissaries, spies, and detectives, watch-
ing the people, by eaves-dropping and loitering
about hotels and public resorts, to catch and
report every word they hear uttered, and each
striving to distinguish himself in his ignoble
vocation by collecting most information, which
he does not hesitate to exaggerate. Such
agents can only be found among the vicious
and depraved, such as would not hesitate to
gratify their malice and revenge on the slight-
est pretext. And their work is often done
under the mask of duplicity. Such men were
the detestable agents of the clubs in France in
furnishing subjects for persecution, and of the
Inquisition in its days of most vigorous pros-
perity. By such men have the people of this
country, men and women, been watched,_ and
on their information incarcerated in prisons
or exiled from their homes. Such were their
masters, the custod.es legum, as a celebrated
Roman tyrant called his hired witnesses and
false accusers. In the language of Judge
Woodbury, the whole country has been con-
verted into a camp and the Government into a
campaign against its own citizens. Provost
marshals, officers unknown to the Constitu-
tion and to the laws, have been placed in most
of our towns, with just such powers as they
might choose to exercise. The civil govern-
ment and the civil laws have scarcely been
heard of. In such a state of things the people
fail to realize the bright promise held out in
the Constitution that it was intended to estab-
lish justice, insure domestic tranquillity, and to
secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and
to our posterity. Nor will they incline to give
to the Government a stronger hold in their
affections. Well-founded prejudices have arisen
against a Government which must live, if it live
at all, by the force of public opinion, of public
confidence. If we would preserve a Republic
in substance it must be kept within its proper
landmarks, for of all other forms of govern-
ment it is most liable to revolutions, and con-
sequently most easily converted into a despot-
ism. Burke maintained that all Governments
were alike in effect, all tyrannies; and perhaps
he was not far wrong; certainly all may be
made so by abuses of power. These abuses,
wrongs, and crimes a*e now, in a time of uni-
versal peace, sought to be established over
eight million white people through a senseless
fanaticism in behalf of the degraded negro
race.
But I have said that martial law, xn the sense
of our definition, cannot be enforced against
the soldier in actual service, by which I mean
that he is not liable to be punished for a viola-
tion of the will of the commander; or in other
words, the commander cannot exercise a dis-
cretionary power over the soldier in actual ser-
vice. Ho is subject to the rules and articles
of war, but is subject to nothing else. These
rules must be prescribed by Congress, and while
Congress may repose some discretion in the
commander, this discretion does not exist unless
it be expressly confided to the General. For
any violation of these rules the soldier is enti-
tled to a fair and impartial trial by court-mar-
tial,'which to him is "due process of law." He
is entitled to know what the law is before he
can be punished. Is the soldier to be told when
he • leaves his home to fight the battles of his
country that he leaves behind him the mantle
of the law which protects him as a citizen, and
that he submits himself entirely to the will of
his commander? This cannot be; he is enti-
tled to all the protection which th« Government
can give him. His condition would be other-
wise deplorable, indeed; he has- no means of
protection against the exercise of arbitrary
power,' which may often be exacted unjustly,
unless he can find it in the laws of his country;
'and as he is removed from the protection which
is enjoyed by him as a citizen, his condition and
the character of his duty should make him the
especial object of governmental protection.
When without offense he is punished, or when
he is tried in a manner unknown to the law,
the officer who so directs is himself liable to
be punished for the offense. This could not
be the case if the will of the commander be
the law.
It is proper that a few remarks should be
added on the effect of the proposed suspension
of the writ of habeas corpus, which is supposed
by some to furnish a justification for the decla-
ration of "martiallaw;" a conclusion which
is reached by a most singular process of reason-
ing : that inasmuch as a man can have no
speedy remedy to relieve himself from illegal
imprisonment, therefore he may be imprisoned
without cause as well by a military or execu-
tive officer as by a. civil magistrate. The right
of personal liberty is a natural right; the privi-
lege of the writ of habeas corpus is a civil right,
derived from government, for the better pro-
tection of the natural right, being a speedy mode
of obtaining our liberty when illegally impris-
oned, and this writ is intended to give better
protection to the natural right. The _ right
of personal liberty existed long anterior to
the habeas corpus, and it is a most illogical
argument which would make the natural right
depend on the civil right and end with it. If
this were true, it would follow that before the
invention of the habeas corpus man had no
right to his liberty; yet we know this is the
gift of God, which cannot be taken away
without a forfeiture first legally established in
the manner prescribed in the Constitution.
We are informed by writers of high authority,
especially by Burlamaqni, in so many words,
that the organization of civil society does not
destroy or impair natural rights, but secures
and strengthens them. This theory, however,
would make the natural right depend,on the
civil one, and it would follow that the civil
right being destroyed, no man has a right to
his liberty, and prima facie every one ought
to be put in jail until he can show good cause
for his discharge.
But the writ of habeas corpus is not the only
remedy for an accused party ; he is entitled to
be enlarged on bail; he is entitled to a speedy
and impartial trial by jury, and he is entitled
to his action for false imprisonment. Are all
these destroyed by the suspension or privation
of the former? Absurd as this may seem
it must be so if by the suspension of the writ
of habeas corpus he loses his natural right of
personal liberty. These remedies were all
invented and intended to secure the natural
right, and it is therefore very clear that the
mere suspension of one remedy does not sus-
pend the others; and if these others still exist,
then it is also clear that no one may be arrested
without warrant founded on affidavit. The
habeas corpus does not change the mode of
arrest ; it onlv operates on the imprisonment.
In the ninth section of-the first article of the
Constitution this provision is found:
" The privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall
