6M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, "1868, reported it with amendments,
PROSECUTIONS FOR SMUGGLING.
Mr. MORRILL. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred She bill (S. No.
625) supplementary to an act;to prevent smug-
gling, and for other purposes, approved July
18, 1866, have instructed me to report it back
with a recommendation that it pass, and I ask
for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It provides that the act to prevent
smuggling, and for other purposes, approved
July 18, 1866, shall be so construed as not to
affect any right of suit or prosecution which may
have accrued under any prior acts of Congress
repealed or supplied by that act previous to
July 18, 1866, and that all such suits or prose-
cutions as have been or shall be commenced
under prior laws for acts committed previous
to July 18, 1866, shall be tried and disposed
of and judgment and decree executed as if the
act of July 18,. 1866 had. not been passed, any-
thing therein contained to the contrary not
withstanding.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, and read
the third time. -
Mr. MORRILL. Perhaps I ought to ex-
plain what this bill means before it is passed,
and I shall do so in a single word. It is simply
to supply an omission in the act of July 18,
-1866.. I will read the forty-fourth section of
that act:
Sec. 44. And be it further enacted, That the provis-
ions of this act shall not be deemed to affect any
action or proceeding or indictment pending at the
time this act shall take effect: but' the same shall be
tried and disposed of, and judgment or decree ex-
ecuted as if this act had not been passed.
' Tire previous section repeals all the acts
which were supplied by the act of July 18,
1866—repeals them absolutely—and this sec-
tion saves the remedy where the actions had
already been commenced. It will be seen,
however, by the general repealing clause, that
all causes of action were not saved unless
Erocess had been actually commenced. This
ill is to supply that omissi&ri.
The bill was passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 632) for the relief of the inhabitants of
cities and towns upon the public lands; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WILLE Y asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
833) to amend an act entitled "An act to incor-
porate the Washington Temperance Society of
the city of Washington," approved July 27,
1866; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. WADE asked, and by unanimous con-
gent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
634) to provide for the allotment of the mem-
bers of the Supreme Court among the circuits,
and for tho appointment of marshals for the
Supreme Court and for the District of Colum-
bia ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and or-
dered to be printed.
OFFICERS OF NEW REGIMENTS.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to
inform the Senate whether any of the officers ap-
pointed under the provisions of the act to increase
and fix tho military peace establishment of the United
States, approved July 28,1866, have not joined their
regiments or stations, and if so, to report their names,
rank, and the regiment to whioh they have been as-
signed, together with the reasons why thoy have not
reported far duty as ordered.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 253) to punish for the
removal of dead bodies from the grave or other
place of interment in the District of Columbia,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
- The following bills were read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, namely:
A bill (H. R. No. 668) limit the time for
bringing suits before the Court of Claims.
A bill (EL R. No. 901) to regulate the selec-
tion of juries for the several courts of the Dis-
trict of Columbia; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1038) providing for an
additional term of the circuit court of the
United States in the eastern district of Arkan-
sas, and for other purposes.
RAILROADS IN CALIFORNIA.
' • Mr. CONNESS. I move to take up for
consideration Senate bill No. 461.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 461) to aid in the construction of the San
Francisco Central Pacific railroad was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be read at length.
Mr. CONNESS. There is a complete sub-
stitute for the bill reported by the Committee
on Public Lands, and I hope the substitute
alone will be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The com-
mittee to whom this bill was referred have
reported an amendment, which is to strike out
all after the enacting clause and to insert
other matter. Only the wqrds proposed to
be inserted will be read, unless some Senator
asks for the reading of the original bill.
• The Secretary read the words proposed to be
inserted, as follows:
Th:it the right of way through tho public lands be,
and the same i3 hereby, granted to the State of Cali-
fornia, in trust for the San Francisco Central Pacific
Railroad Company, or for the California Pacific Kail-
road Company, corporations existing under the laws
of- the State of California, to construct either of tho
roads hereinafter named, and for the successors and
assigns of that one of said companies as shall have
first complied with the terms of this act, and shall
first complete such road, for the construction of a
railroad from the city of Sacramento, or Marysville,
or from both of said points, through the counties of
Tuba, Suiter, Yolo, and Solano, to a point at or near
the city of Benicia or Vallejo, in the last-named
county, in said State; and the right is hereby given
to that one of said corporations as shall first comply
with the terms of this act to take from the public
lands adjacent to the line of such railroad material
for the construction thereof: said right of way is
granted to such railroad to the extent of one hundred
feet in width on each side of such road where it may
pass over the public lands; also all necessary grounds
forstation buildings, depots, machine-shops, switches,
side-tracks, turn-tables, and water-stations.
Sec. 2. Andbe it further enacted, That there be.and
is hereby, granted to the State of California, to aid in
the construction of that one of the above-mentioned
railroads as shall be first completed according to the
terms of this act, and to secure the safe and speedy
transportation of mails, troops, munitions of war, and
public stores over the route of said line of railway,
every alternate section of public land designated by
odd numbers to the amount of ten alternate sections
per mile on each side of said railroad line as said com-
pany may adopt, wherever in the line thereof the
United States have full title thereto respectively; but
in case it shall appear that the United States have,
when the line or route of said road's definitely fixed,
sold any section or any part thereof granted as afore-
said, or that the right of preemption, homestead set-
tlement, or other private right has attached, or that
the same hasbeen reserved by the United States, then
it shall be lawful for any agent or agents, to be ap-
pointed by the Governor of said State, to seleet, sub-
ject to the approval of tho Secretary of the Interior,
from the lands of the United States (to which no right
has attached and not being within the limits of any
reservation as aforesaid) nearest to the tiers of sec-
tions above specified, so much land in alternato sec-
tions or parts of seotions as shall be equal to such
lands as have heen sold, reserved, or otherwise ap-
propriated, or to which the right of preemption or
homestead settlement has attached, as aforesaid:
which lands shall be held and disposed of by the
State of California for the use and purpose aforesaid:
Provided, That the lands to be so located shall in no
case be further than twenty-five miles from the line
of said road: Provided further, That the landshereby
granted shall be exclusively applied to the construc-
tion of said railroad for and on account of whioh the
said lands are hereby granted, and shall be disposed
of only as the work'progresses, and the same shall be
applied to no other purpose whatsoever: Provided
further. That any and all lands heretofore reserved
to the United States by any act of Congress, or in
any other manner by competent authority, are hereby
reserved from the operations of this act except so far
as it may be found necessary to locate the route of
said road through such reserved lands, in which case
the right of way only to the extent of one hundred
feet wide shall be granted, subject to the approval of
the President of the United States.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, Thatwheneverthe
surveyor general of the United States for the Stato
of California shall first certify to. the Secretary of tho*
Interior that such railroad is completed from Sacra-
mento city or Marysville, or from both of said points,
to a point at or near Benicia or Vallejo, in a good and
substantial manner, and in all respects as required
by'this act, it shall be the duty of the Secretary of
the Interior to transfer to the Governor of said Stato
all the lands granted as aforesaid.
Sec. 4. Andbe it further enacted. That the said rail-
road shall be constructed in a substantial and work-
manlike, manner, with all the necessary drains, cul-
verts, bridges, viadutfts, crossings, turnouts, and
watering places, and all other appurtenances, in-
cluding furniture and rolling stock, equal in all re-
spects to railroads of the first-class when prepared
for business; the gauge to be the same as the Central
Pacific railroad.
Sec. 5. And beit further enacted. That as soon as the
lines of said roads shall be surveyed and located the
Governor of said State shall cause a map of the loca-
tion to be filed with the Secretary of the Interior,
whothereupon shall cause thelands not alreadysur-
veyed within" twenty miles of the line of said loca-
tion, to be surveyed, and the odd sections and parts
of seotions not occupied by homestead settlements,
or otherwise legally disposed of, to be set apart for
the purposes contemplated by this act; and the sec-
tions and parts of sections of land which by the afore-
said grant shall remain in the United States, within
ten miles on each side of said road, shall not be sold
for less than double the minimum price of public
lands when sold.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That each and
every grant, right, and privilege herein are so made
and given to said State for the purposes aforesaid
upon and subject to the following conditions, namely:
that the said companies shall commence the work on
said road or roads within six months from the ap-
proval of this act by the President, and shall com-
plete the road from Sacramento City to Benicia or
vallejo within three years thereafter, and the road
from Marysville to Benicia or Vallejo on or before
the 4th day of July, 1871; and the grant herein is
upon the further condition that if an? of said roads is
not completed within the time specified in this aot
the remaining lands shall revert to the United States.
Sec. 7. And,be it further enacted, That in case either
of said companies shall elect and file sueh election
with the secretary of the State of California within
six months from the passage of this act, to tho effect
that said company will only connect, by railroad, the
said city of Benicia or Vallejo with tho main road at
a distance not exceeding twelve miles from the point
to be so connected, and abandon the construction of
the balance of the aforesaid road, then and in that
event the company so electing shall be entitled to tho
benefit of one quarter of the grant hereby made, pro-
vided said connection is completed in the same man-
ner as herein specified for the main road on or before
the main road shall be completed from Sacramento
City to a point at or near Benicia or Vallejo, and in
case the said election shall not be filed as herein re-
quired, and the said connection shall'not be completed
as in this section provided, tho whole of the hereby
granted lands shall be held by said State for the ben-
efit and use of thecompany complying with the terms
of this act.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That the lands
hereby granted to said State mentioned as aforesaid
shall be conveycd and transferred to said company as
the Legislature of said State may provide for the pur-
poses aforesaid.
Mr. STEWART. This bill in its present
shape is a very slight aid to a very important
railroad, running from Sacramento to the bay
of San Francisco, at Vallejo, and also to Ma-
rysville. It grants no money and only twenty -
iline thousand acres of land according to an ex-
act report which I have from the Commissioner
of the General Land Office. Most of the land
on the route is either swamp or overflowed
land belonging to the State, or private land
held under grants from the Mexican Govern-
ment, or absorbed by the grant to the Pacific
railroad which goes by way of Stockton. The
result is that the road provided for by this
bill gets a very small portion of the land, only
twenty-nine thousand acres for the whole length
of the route. There would be several million
acres for so long a route if we had the land to
grant.
The bill further provides that none of these
lands shall be conveyed until the road is en-
tirely completed. It amounts to little more
than a congressional recognition. The land
is worth but a few thousand dollars. The bill
also gives the right of way where the road goes
over the public lands. The grant is to the
State of California for the use of that railroad
company which shall construct the road. It
