1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
89
39th Cong.... 2d Sess. Government of Insurrectionary States—Mr. Ingersoll.
Ho. of Reps.
the conqueror necessarily lias the right to dis-
pose of that which belongs to him in any man-
ner he may think best.
We propose by this bill to control the subju-
gated people in this conquered territory by the
military power temporarily until such times as
loyal civil government can be established there
and maintained without the aid of the military
power. But in order to find authority in Con-
gress to pass this bill I am not compelled to
go so far with the argument based upon this
clause of the Constitution as to even inquire
whether it authorizes any disposition to be
made of the territory captured or wrested from
the confederate government. This clause in
the Constitution relates to "captures," and
it cannot be denied but that we have authority
to make rules and regulations concerning such
captures. This bill only proposes to regulate
the captured rebels; it does not interfere with
property. But I am not driven to rest the right
of Congress to pass this bill upon this clause
alone. I call the attention of the House to
another clause of the Constitution. It is this :
"The Congress shall have power to dispose of and
make all needful rules and regulations respecting the
territory or other property belonging to the United
States.
The iate rebel States are to all intents and
purposes as much territories of the United
States, subject to the exclusive control of Con-
fress, as are the Territories of Utah, New
[exico, Montana, or any other Territory be-
longing to the Government. Congress has not
yet vested the people of these so-called States
with authority to establish local governments,
but has so far retained the right to exercise all
legislative authority for them, and in the exer-
cise of that authority we propose to establish
temporarily military governments in these so-
called States for the security of life, liberty, and
property. This is not, strictly speaking, a meas-
ure of reconstruction, but a measure looking
simply to the enforcement of order. It seems
to me clear, then, that, not only under the laws
of war and under the law of nations, but
under the express authority of the Constitution
itself, Congress possesses the rightful authority
to establish military governments, as proposed
by the bill under consideration.
And here I ask the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] this question: if these late
rebel States are States in the Union, are they
not of right entitled to a vote upon any resolu-
tion proposing an amendment to the Constitu-
tion? 1 believe the gentleman himself holds
that the constitutional amendment when rat-
ified by three fourths of the adhering loyal
States will be binding.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the gentleman will
permit me, I will save him all trouble on that
point. I stated that no State can exercise the
focal functions of a State without having com-
plied with the conditions-precedent set out in
the Constitution of the United States, which I
recited ; and these States having broken down
their legal State governments have ceased
to be capable of exercising these functions.
While, therefore, they do remain States for
Federal purposes, they have no voice in the
matter.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Certainly, for local
State purposes they have no existence.
Mr. BINGHAM. Nor for political purposes.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, sir, if that is
true they are not States enough to "hurt.''
[Laughter.]
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman forgets
one thing: unless they do remain States, with
the boundaries of States according to the
original law of the State, where is the bound-
ary of this jurisdiction that touches life and
property by this bill? I maintain that every
tiling remains intact, as though no rebellion
bad happened as to the Federal Government.
Unless they are held to be States for Federal
purposes there must be a general jail delivery.
Mr. INGERSOLL. This in my judgment
does not necessarily follow; but as the propo-
sition of the gentleman is all on our side 1 do
not propose to combat it. They are States for
our purposes, but not for their own. [laughter;]
so he says. That they are States in the legal
sense of the term I deny; they are Territories,
nothing more, and as such are subject to the
control of Congress, the law-making power of
the Government.
But this question' I have no desire to debate
further with the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bingham,] for he lays down the proposition
that these are States for Federal purposes, and
that it is at our option whether we will recog-
nize them or not as States as regards local
legislation or State government. Now, I do
not know how I could go further than that.
Who could go further? When a State govern-
ment destroys its civil and political organiza-
tion surely it ceases to be a State. But let this
pass.
The President of the United States, in his
proclamation to Governor Holden, declared
that the State of North Carolina by the rebel-
lion had become " deprived of all civil gov-
ernment," and by just inference had ceased to
be a State. It is by and through its political
organization that a State lives, moves, and has
a being. When the State government becomes
defunct there is nothing left but a dead hulk.
Thus much I have said in regard to the status
of these so-called States, and I think I have
established the fact to the satisfaction of rea-
sonable and intelligent men that they are but
territories of the United States, and subject
rightfully to the exclusive control of Congress.
And now, sir, a few words with regard this
Particular bill. Whether it be the wisest and
est measure that can be conceived I will not
attempt to say; what will be the effect of it
should it become a law I will not attempt to
describe; what hindrances will be thrown in
the way- of its operation by the President of the
United States I can hardly imagine; what
power he may exercise to delay, hinder, and
trammel the operations of the law I can hardly
conceive. But before I go further upon this
point, I desire to call your attention to the fact
that this is a measure looking to the pacifica-
tion of the rebel States and not to their recon-
struction. Now, suppose we lay aside, for the
moment, the "rebel States" and talk about
the reconstruction of the people of those States.
The people, not the States, have been making
war upon our Government. Then let us deal
with the people, and when we have succeeded
in reconstructing them, the States, it may then
be said, are reconstructed. Whenever you can
throw around the loyal people of the southern
States the protection of law, enforced, if needs
be, by military power, yon will form a nucleus
around which we can rally all the Union senti-
ment of this now suffering and outraged people,
and it will grow and expand into a power that
will reconstruct those territories upon a loyal
basis and restore them to the Union regener-
ated and redeemed from treason.
But, sir, I will not dwell upon this subject.
The labor of the last Congress and of this
Congress, so far in the work of reconstruction,
has been labor lost. What real progress has
been made? The President has tried for nearly
two years his policy, and Congress has at-
tempted from time to time to put in operation
some plan of reconstruction, but by reason of
the opposition of the President and his friends
they have all been defeated. The President's
policy has not proved to be a success. It is a
miserable failure. The joint Committee on
Reconstruction have reported this bill to the
House and recommend its passage, and I am
sure that no member need hesitate to vote for
it, for if it become alaw it cannot make matters
worse than they now are, and it may make them
better. Something should be done, and done
at once. The condition of things there has
been growing worse from day to day since the
day ®r their surrender. Crime is holding a
high carnival there; industry is in a great meas-
ure paralyzed ; the Congress is repudiated and
denounced as an unconstitutional body, and
the laws of Congress are continually pronounced
unconstitutional by the courts of these States,
and all that stands in the way of the restoration
of the rebel aristocracy to power is crushed out
by violence or by the decision of their courts.
Gentlemen object to this bill because it pro-
poses to place the people of those States under
military authority; but we must remember that
these are rugged times, and that to remedy the
state of things that exist rugged measures must
be resorted to.
The resolution proposing an amendment to
the Constitution was submitted to them in good
faith in the liope that it might be ratified and
form an equitable basis for the reconstruction
of those States. But so far as those States
have acted upon it they have rejected it.
The exercise of civil power under the Pres-
ident's policy has been tried and proved un-
availing. Shall this condition of things last
always, or shall we try some more stringent
measure in the hope that it will result in the
restoration of harmony and of peace?
This bill may not, possibly, effect the object
desired, but it will have this effecf if no other:
it will topple over these spurious governments
set up by the power of presidential usurpation;
it will teach those people that they must look
to Congress and not to the President for the
terms of peace and reunion. It will teach the
President that the law-making power does not
intend to yield its right to pass upori the valid-
ity of any government that may be formed in
these States ; it will inform him that he is not
the law-making power of the government, but
simply the Executive to execute the will of the
loyal people as expressed by their Represent-
atives in Congress.
But more than this I will not say it will ac-
complish, for I am satisfied that the President
will do all in his power to defeat the object
sought to be attained in this bill. Judging
from what he has done in the past I have a
right to anticipate his action in the future.
This bill purposely withholds from the Pres-
ident the power to assign the generals who are
to command the various districts, and vests that
Eower in General Grant. This is one of the
est features in the bill. The loyal people
know that they can trust General Grant. He
has been weighed in the balance and not found
wanting. This in itself guaranties a fearless,
honest, and faithful execution of the powers
contained in the bill.
I have no fear in vesting this power in the
General of onr armies, for I believe he will
exercise it wisely, prudently, and firmly, as he
has exereised all the other powers that have
been conferred upon him, and he will appoint
judicious and able generals to command these
districts. In judging of the fitness, capacity,
and qualifications of an officer he has probably
no superior in the world.
But I am met by the objection that the Pres-
ident is Commander-in-Chief of the Army, and
that he may rescind any order that General
Grant may make under the provisions of this
bill. I reply that the President by virtue of
his being Commander-in-Chief of the armies
may rescind any order that the General in his
discretion mav make.
The President is made by the Constitution
for the time he exercises the functions of that
office the superior officer of General Grant,
and as such superior officer he may possess the
power to supervise, change, or rescind an order
of the General, but the question is, will he
have the temerity to do it in the face of and
in violation of this law? Jf this bill becomes
a law it is not assuming too much to say that
General Grant will promulgate the necessary
orders to cany it into execution. He will as-
sign the various generals selected fey himself to
the command of these several districts. I am
asked in case he does, what i« there to prevent the
