1460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Tiur-.knlo.w, Cowan, Davis, Doolittle,
Foster, Grimes, Hendricks, Kirkwood, McDougalj,
Morgan,Nesmith, Norton, Patterson, and Sauls-
bury—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Cattell, Chandler,
Conness, Cragin.Creswell, Fogg, Frelipghuysen, How-
ard, Howe, Lane, Morrill, Poland, Pomcroy, Ramsey,
'"Rossi Sherman, Stewart, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Wade, Willey, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—22.
ABSENT—Jlessrs. Dixon, Edmunds, Fessenden,
Fowler, Gjithrie, Harris, Henderson, Johnson, Ny.e,
Kiddle, Sprague, aiid Sumner—12.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I rise to what I re-
gard as a privileged question, and that is to
suggest that this in the law is dies non. It is
pow a quarter to two o'clock on the Sabbath
morning. I hold that it is not proper for those
who observe that day to continue m session at
this hour. I submit that it is not proper to
transact any legislative business at this hour.
I therefore move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope not.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to amend the
amendmeut by inserting at the end of the fourth
section the following:
And no punishment shall bo inflicted which is not
prcscribod by law.
Mr. President, this amendment is kindred to
the amendment just proposed by the Senator
from Pennsylvania, which has been rejected by
the Senate by a decided vote, and I suppose
this amendment will receive tho same fortime
which befell the amendment offered by the
Senator from Pennsylvania. I understand that
this measure is not now in a condition for
amendment. It has received the sanction and
approval of a body from which there is no
gppeal, which allows no amendment or modi-
fication of its decrees. I speak of a political
party caucus. Tho Senator from Oregon was
not justified in saying that this bill was con-
sidered by the Committee on Reconstruction
organized by the Senate and by the House. It
is known to us all that this is not the bill of
thai committee. Therefore his answer to tho
argument of tho Senator from Pennsylvania
was not sustained. The bill that came from
the Committee on Reconstruction is on our
tables. The language of this bill and of that
in this particular regard is alike; but the bill
is not the bill of the committee. It is a bill
that is brought in—I presume it is not dis-
guised—from no committee, but from a polit-
ical caucus. 1 do not think it is possible other-
wise that the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania would have been rejected, and
otherwise 'I do not think it possible that tho
amendment which I have proposed would be
rejected.
The bill as it now stands provides that crucl
and unusual punishments shall not be inflicted.
Otherwise there is no rule prescribed to the
military court in tho trial of men for crime,
and therefore, except as the punishment may
in some instances be defined by the regulations
of tho Army, the will of thp court becomes the
law for the punishment of the defendant; and
I use no words more descriptive of oppression.
It is marvelous, Mr. President, that it shall be
proposed to organize a court for the trial of
persons not belonging to tho Army or the
Navy, and to punish men without a definition
of the crime or a regulation in regard to the
punishment that shall be imposed.
My amendment is simply that this court as
thns organized shall in the punishment it in-
flicts be governed by the law of the land. It
is a plain, straightforward amendment, an
amendment which I think the common people
of the country will understand, and they will
think it marvelously strange when they come
to read that that amendment was voted down.
In advance, I say to them, the common peo-
ple of the country, North as well as South
that when a proposition like this is voted down
in the American Senate, it is because the judg-
ment of the Senate is not without embarrass-
ment. If this bill came from an ordinary
committee of the body, having inadvertently
omitted to place some little restriction upon
the judgment and decision of this extraordi-
nary court, then the Senate would provide for
the omission.
Does &ny Senator wish a-man to be punished
in some mode not known to the law ? Why,
sir, there is a bill pending in this body to
change the mode of punishment in some of
the States. Although the mode of punish-
ment is fixed by law where whipping is re-
sorted to, it is proposed that Congress shall
interfere to prevent it. So careful are Sen-
ators of the manner and mode in which men
shall be punished, that some members of this
body at least believe it to be right to interfere
to control the mode of punishment in the
States, and that, too, under State laws. But
that is particularly in the interest, as it is said,
of the colored people. This amendmeut is in
the interest of all. All are liable to be brought
before these courts upon a charge ever so
vague and uncertain, the mode of proceeding
not defined, the manner of establishing the
offense, the character of the testimony not
pointed out, and last and greatest of all, the
character of the punishment which shall be
inflicted upon the man is not prescribed. That
is to depend upon the pleasure of the court.
I know, ordinarily, this Senate would not leave
a bill thus upon its passage.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish simply to say that
this section provides that " no cruel orunusual
punishment shall be inflicted;" and by its re-
quirements if a man is sentenced by a military
tribunal to punishment he is to be sentenced
to that punishment which is usual in cases of
such crimes, and no others.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suggested the fact
that that was tho only limitation upon the court.
But go down to the State of North Carolina
and whipping is a usual punishment for misde-
meanors. That is a usual punishment for whites
and blacks—a punishment most offensive to niy
sentiments. To prcventthat punishment a bill
is pending before this body. When that pun-
ishment is inflicted in tho court after full trial
and the verdict of the jury, wo would interfere
with it; and I have no doubt the Senator from
Oregon will vote for that bill when it comes
up; but in this bill we would enact that that
very punishment may be inflicted upon a white
man or a negro either. Because it is decreed
outside of the Senate we must enactthat if this
military court arrests a man and puts him upon
summary trial, and he is found guilty, he may
be tied up and lashed, a usual punishment in
some localities. A white man m North Caro-
lina who may all the while have been true to this
Government, who has never breathed a dis-
loyal breath or done a false act to the country,
may be brought before this military court for
some misdemeanor and tried and tied up and
lashed. Now, I ask that, if he be lashed, the
number of lashes shall be defined by the law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to ask the
Senator from Indiana if his amendment would
help it ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I say the number of
lashes shall be limited by law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Have you proposed it
in your amendment?
Mr. HENDRICKS. My amendment is that
the punishment shall be limited and defined by
the law ; the court shall bo limited by the law
in the infliction of the punishment. The Sen-
ator from Oregon answers me that this section
provides that unusual punishments shall not bo
inflicted. I give an instance. Under this law.
the lash may be used and without limit as to
the stripes, except that in the judgment of the
court they shall be not unusual, not cruel.
Mr. LANE. I believe that whipping is
expressly abolished in the Army and Navy by
express law, and never can be inflicted under
this or any other law until that is repealed.
_ Mr. HENDRICKS. Does that apply to
civilians or to the Army and Navy?
Mr. LANE. To the Army and Navy.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is right. 1 would
not want to see it applied to a soldier. I ask
for the yeas and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 8, .nays 28 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan, Davis, Doolittle,
Hendricks, Nesmith, Norton, andSaulsbury—8.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Uattell, Chand-
ler, Conness, Cragin, Creswell. Frelinerhuysen, Grimes,
Howard, Howe, Kirkwood, Lane, Morgan, Morrill,
Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross, Sherman, Stewart,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, Williams,
Wilson, and Yates—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Dixon, Edmunds, Fessenden,
Fogg, Foster, Fowler, Guthrie, Harris, Henderson,
Johnson, MeI>ougall,Nye(Patterson, Riddle, Sprague,
and Sumner—16.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to amend the
amendment in section five, lines fourteen and
fifteen, by striking out the words " elective
franchise shall be enjoyed by all," and insert-
ing "right to vote shall not be denied to," and
by inserting after the word "stated," inline
sixteen, the words "or in any way abridged
because of race, color, or previous condition
of servitude so that the clause will read:
And when such constitution shall provide that the
right to vote shall not be denied to such persons as
have the qualifications herein stated, or in any way
abridged because of race, color, orprevious condition
of servitude, and shall have been submitted to Con-
gress, &c.
As it now stands I think the section would
give universal suffrage or would provide for it.
The amendment which I have proposed would
require impartial suffrage, and I have used the
language, as far as it was applicable to the
case, of the constitutional amendment adopted
at the last session of Congress. " The right to
vote shall not be denied or in any way abridged,"
was the language of the constitutional amend-
ment, "because of race, color, or previous con-
dition of servitude," and this is to carry out,
as I understand, the purpose of the constitu-
tional amendment upon that question. I do
not care about discussing it. I wish to place
myself right about it.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. In section three, line
three, after the word "property," I move to
insert the words " as fixed by law;" so that it
will read :
That it shall be the duty of each officer assigned as
aforesaid to protect all persons in their rights of per-
son and property as fixed by law, to suppress insur-
rection, &c.
The object of this amendment is that these
military commanders shall, in deciding what
are the rights of persons and property, be gov-
erned by the law of the land. It may be claimed
that under the language of the bill they wquld
be thus governed. I do not choose to leave a
question of that sort vague and uncertain. In
my judgment, the military officers would regard
themselves as clothed with very large power
under the language that is now used. It is not
safe to pass the bill in its present language.
When they come to decide civil suits between
man and man in regard to their property there
should be a provision requiring them to be gov-
erned by the law of the land.
Mr. LANE. All the rights of person and
property are fixed by law. You may repeat
it a hundred times and not make it any stronger.
It is precisely the same. There are no rights
of persons or property but what are guarantied
by law and exist by law.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. In section three, line
five, after the word "criminals," X move to
insert "according to lawso as to read :
And to punish, or cause to be punished, all dis-
turbers of the public peace and criminals, according
to law, and to this end, Aro.
In a word or two I can explain the effect of
this amendment. The section now provides
that the officer assigned to the district shall
punish or cause to be punished all disturbers
of the public peace and criminals. He may
allow the local tribunals to try cases, or in
cases where in his judgment he may think it
necessary he may organize a military court
