90
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 7,
Ho. of Reps.
Government of Insurrectionary States—Mr. Ingersoll.
39tii Coxa....2d Sess.
President from rescinding such orders at once?
I answer, perhaps nothing except a wholesome
fear as to the consequences of the act. As a
mere question of power I admit that the Pres-
ident would have the power to rescind any
order which General Grant might make in as-
signing generals under this bill to their various
commands. But I ask again, will he dare to
assume the responsibility of interfering in such
manner? I am asked again, if the President
has the power to rescind orders of General
Grant why pass this bill ? I respond, pass
the bill and place the responsibility of any in-
terference in its operations with the President.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. As this
bill was originally drawn up I understand that
it contained the words "by the President of
the United States." Can the gentleman tell
why these words were stricken out and the
words "by the General of the Army'' inserted
in their stead?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I can give you my opin-
ion if you desire it, and it is this: that the
change was made because we fear to trust the
President with this power, for I do not believe
if the duty of assigning these generals to the
command of the proposed district was left to
the President that he would appoint such gen-
erals as Sherman, Sheridan, Thomas, Howard,
or Heintzelman, but that he would appoint
such generals, if he could find them, who
would be1 willing to yield a ready and pliant
subserviency to his wishes and to promote his
interests and his policy. We are not without
instruction upon this point. "To be fore-
warned is to be forearmed."
It is time it was settled who is master of the
question of reconstruction of the rebel States,
the President or Congress. We have been
deceived once by the President. That was his
fault. If we allow him- to deceive us again it
will be our fault. Now we know him; then
we did not 
Mr. HISE. If the gentleman will allow me
a moment, I desire to ask him a question.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Certainly.
Mr. HISE. If you are afraid to trust the
President with the power you have proposed
to be conferred by this bill upon the General
of the armies, and you are still of the opinion
the President has the lawful authority under
the Constitution of the United States to re-
scind General Grant's orders and take the
whole control of the matter in his own hands,
then why pass this bill at all?
Mr. INGERSOLL. The President, under
the form of this bill, might still have the con-
stitutional authority to rescind the order of the
General in assigning the generals to their
various commands, yet he would not have the
constitutional authority to "take the whole
control of the matter into his own hands."
I answer further that I would pass this bill
because I believe it is a measure demanded by
the condition of things in the South; and in
the second place, I doubt whether the Presi-
dent has the pluck to rescind whatever orders
may be made by the General under this bill;
and further, if the President should corruptly
rescind the order of the General or refuse to
execute the law it would form a good ground
for his impeachment. Congress has the right
to look behind the mere act of the President,
although the act in itself might be warranted
by the Constitution, and to inquire into the
purposes of the President for doing it. The
President has no right to do an act lawful in
itself for corrupt ends; so that it would being
the question before Congress for decision
whether the President, in rescinding the order
of the General, acted corruptly or not, and
if so found it would be good ground for his
impeachment.
Mr. STROUSE. That will be the only
ground you will ever have.
|! Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not. know that. I
wish I did. And here 1 will say that 1 be-
I lieve we might as well stop the considera-
: tion of the question of the reconstruction of
11 the southern States or of the southern people,
i. and turn our attention to the reconstruction of
!i the President. I say this in 110 offensive sense,
and I may be permitted to add that if we have
wisdom and sagacity enough to frame laws
which will keep him within the exercise of the
legitimate powers which are conferred upon
him by the Constitution, which will keep him
( within the pale of loyal and patriotic action, I
am not certain but we will be serving our
country with more honor and more credit, and
with the hope of better results than in endeav-
: oring to reconstruct the rebel States while the
') President is thrusting so many obstacles in our
; way. I cannot now say what law should be
I passed to hedge in and control the President;
il but any law that could be constitutionally j
passed that would have that effect I would |
most gladly vote for.
| In my opinion the President has broken loose '1
1; from his moorings under the Constitution, and [
I feel it incumbent upon me, as one of the
Representatives of the people, to do everything
in my power to bring him back. I say this out
of no feeling of disrespect to the President. I
conscientiously believe that on these great vital
questions he is wrong. I will not now say he
is intentionally wrong, but the effect of his acts
upon the country are just the same without
reference to his intentions. But let us do our
duty without anticipating what the action of
the President may be. 1 advocate the passage
of this bill out of no feeling of vindictiveness
toward the people of the late confederacy. I
believe that it will result in their good; that it
will promote and perhaps secure the restoration
of law and order, the necessary foundation of
all well-organized society. I do not believe
the officers selected by General Grant would
abuse the powers reposed in them, but I do
believe that they would lend the aid of the
military power of the Government for the res-
toration of civil authority.
The fact that I fear the President, stimulated
as he will be by those who cluster around him,
will interfere with the military execution of
this bill will not deter me from voting for it.
The President will be held responsible for his
action by the people and by Congress, who are
the direct representatives of the people and
charged with the execution of their will, sub-
ject only to the Constitution. It may be per-
tinent to inquire here how long this war forced
upon Congress by the President shall continue;
how much longer shall we submit to it. It
might be well for Congress to settle the ques-
tion now whether we are to continue under the
present condition of things for and during the
remainder of the term of the President, which
expires on the 4th of March, 1869, or whether
the President has been guilty of any crime or
misdemeanor for which he deserves to be im-
peached or removed from his high office, and
thus remove this paramount obstruction which
stands in the way of the reconstruction by Con-
gress of the late rebel States.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. INGERSOLL. For what purpose ?
Mr. TRIMBLE. To ask a question.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will.
Mr. TRIMBLE. As the gentleman con-
cedes that the President, by the Constitution,
is Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy,
I desire to know whether the President would
not have the power to revoke any order made
by any officer of the Army under this bill ? i
Mr. INGERSOLL. So far as the question ,
of power is concerned I have conceded that. I
Mr. TRIMBLE. I mean constitutional ■
power. i|
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, for the sake of !!
argument I will concede that also. jj
Mr. TRIMBLE. I wish to ask further P
whether it would be a ground for impeachment
if he exercised that power in a constitutional
way ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I think I have already
answered the gentleman's question in a former
portion of my remarks, but for his satisfac-
tion 1 will endeavor to answer it again. I say
that it might lie a ground of impeachment in
this way: if he should use that power for cor-
rupt purposes he would undoubtedly be liable
to impeachment, and Congress would have the
right to inquire into the motives and objects of
the President in rescinding such on order, and
if it should appear that he rescinded such order
for corrupt purposes Congress would not only
have the power to impeach him, but ought to
impeach him. The President has no right to
exercise even constitutional powers for corrupt
ends.
Mr. TRIMBLE. The gentleman will per-
mit me to ask him one further question. The
Presfdent takes an oath to support the Consti-
tution of the United States ; we take a similar
oath. Have we the right under the solemnity
of our oaths to pass a bill which overrides the
Constitution and attempts to deprive the Pres-
ident of the power which he constitutionally
possesses ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I answer that we have
not the power to pass a bill which overrides
the Constitution and attempts to deprive the
President of the power which he consti tu tionally
possesses; but such is not the case in the bill
before us. The gentleman assumes that the
bill under consideration "overrides the Con-
stitution," but his assumption in my opinion
is unfounded. If he refers to any other bill it
will be time enough to answer it when such bill
is under consideration. This bill I hold to be
strictly within the constitutional powers of
Congress.
Mr. TRIMBLE. The point which I make
is this: the gentleman admits that the Presi-
dent, by virtue of the Constitution, is Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy.
Mr. INGERSOLL. That is true.
Mr. TRIMBLE. That being conceded, I
ask the gentleman whether Congress has the
right to deprive the President of his power as
Commander-in-Chief and place it in the hands
of some one else ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. The gentleman will
permit me to say that he is mistaken if he
understands this bill as attempting any such
thing. This bill leaves the power of the Pres-
ident just where the Constitution leaves it. It
neither diminishes nor augments it. It simply
directs the General of the Army to assign to
the command of certain- districts created bj
the bill such generals as he may in his dis-
cretion select, and this does not interfere with
the powers of the President as Commander-in-
Chief of the Army and Navy.
The character of this legislation is not new.
The same thing was done many times before,
and its constitutionality was never questioned
until now. By an act of Congress the office
of Provost Marshal General was created, and
the duties of that officer were specified in the
act. By acts of Congress officers of the Army
and Navy by name have been assigned to
special duty heretofore, and we propose to do
nothing more than that by this bill.
Mr. Speaker, I will now return to the con-
sideration of the subject, the discussion of
which I had commenced when I was inter-
rupted by the gentleman from Kentucky. I
was speaking in reference to the impeachment
of the President and the necessity of determin-
ing without unnecessary delay as to whether
the President has been guilty of any crimes or
misdemeanors for which he should be im-
peached and removed from his high office. If
he is innocent it is due to him and to the coun-
try that the agitation of this question should
cease, for it must be apparent to all that while
this question remains undetermined the coun-
try is necessarily agitated on this subject, ttie
