696
THM CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
refunding of the excess now in the Treasury,
and as the party holding the estate, taking cog-
nizance of these accidents, is perfectly willing
to relinquish the title by getting back the money
that he paid, we all thought it waa only an
honest act for the Government to refund that
amount.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read die third time, and
passed. , .
credentials.
Mr. CATTELL. I ask leave to present the
credentials of Son. Frederick T. Fkeling-
Huysen, elected by the Legislature of New
Jeysey to. fill the vacancy occasioned by the
death of Hon. William Wright. The addi-
tional certificate required by the act of July
25,1866, has been forwarded by the Governor
of the State to the President of the Senate.
• The credentials were read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state that he has received a certificate from'
the Governor of the State of New Jersey cer-
tifying to the same fact, and this' certificate,
together with the credentials, will be placed
pn the files of the Senate.
The oaths prescribed by law were adminis-
tered to Mr. Frelinghuysen, and he took his
seat in the Senate.
message from the house.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
918) making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department during the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1868, in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
pension agents.
The message further announced that the
House had disagreed to the amendments of
■ the Senate to the amendment of the House to
the bill (S. No. 69) to provide for the payment
of pensions, asked a conference on the disa-
greeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. Sidney Perham of Maine,
• Mr. John F. Benjamin of Missouri, and Mr.
Nelson Taylor of New York, managers at
the same on its part.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the amendment of the House to the
bill; and, on motion of Mr. LANE, it was
Rctolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the amendment of the House of Represent-
atives to the bill of the Senate No. 69, and agree to
the conference asked by the House on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Oraer&cl, That the conferees on the part of the Sen-
ate be appointed-by the Presiden t pro tempore.
the tariff bill.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is the bill (H. R. No. 718)
to provide increased revenue from imports, and
for other purposes, which is now before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole, the
pending question being on the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Ed-
munds] to the amendment of the committee,
to insert iu section eighteen, after line thirty,
the following:
Boobs, maps, charts, and other printed matter spe-
cially imported in good faith for any public library
or society incorporated or established for nhilosoph-
leal, literary, or religious purposes, or for the encour-
agement of tho fine arts, or for the use of any college,
academy, school, or seminary of learning in the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, the man who
opposes the passage of this bill must expect to
be slandered. The "protectionists," as they
choose to call themselves, have already opened
the vials oftheirindignant wrath upon theheads
of those whose opposition they anticipated.
Threats of utter political extinction are hurled
against every man who, in the exercise of an
independent judgment, is not prepared to im-
pose upon his constituents the burdens which
the various manufacturing combinations de-
maud. That portion of the public press sub-
orned to their interest is rife with charges that
"the capital is thronged with freetraders, and
that British gold is operating to secure Ameri-
can legislation for British interests." Every
man is condemned in advance who would inquire
before he would vote.
We know what all this means, and so far as
I have the ability, lam resolved that the people
shall know what it means.
It means that two or three large manufactur-
ing interests in the country, not satisfied with
the enormous profits they have realized during
the last six years, are determined at whatever
hazard to put more money in their pockets;
and to this end tbey have persuaded some and
coerced other manufacturing interests to unite
with them in a gseat combination demand for
what they call protection to American labor,
but what some others call robbery of the Amer-
ican laborer and agriculturist. It seems that
the men specially interested in the passage of
this bill are bent upon taking the legislation
of the country into their own hands; that they
are unwilling that there should be impartial,
free inquiry into the subject; that conscious of
the interested motives from which their own
action spring they cannot conceive it possible
that those who disagree with them can be in-
spired by any other than selfish considerations;
that having bought and paid for the" sup port of
a portion of the public press they cannot im-
agine that there is any longer such a being in
existence as an independent, manly, honest
editor of a newspaper.
Mr. President, this mad dog cry offree trade
and British gold" passes by me like the idle
wind. The men who utter it follow their voca-
tion and earn their bread by it. I would not
disturb them.
Nor am I alarmed at the scheme npw being
carried into execution of sending free of charge
to every prominent man in Iowa and elsewhere
in the Northwest a weekly copy of a New York
journal of what is called the "protectionist"
school for the double purpose of building up'a
sentiment there in favor of high duties and of
politically destroying such members of Con-
gress as may not vote in favor of them. The
men who pay for the papers ean well afford the
expenditure ; and the resultsthat will flow from
this bill, which I doubt not is fated to pass,
will be a sufficient refutation of all the argu-
ments they contain.
I have known nothing so alarming in the
whole history of legislation in this country as
the methods that have been adopted to secure
the passage of this bill. The people h^ve not
pked for it; they, so for as we know, are sat-
isfied with the present tariff laws. The mem-
bers of this Congress were not elected upon
any issue of this kind. This enactment is
solely demanded by the manufacturers of iron
and a few wool agriculturists and speculators
who call themselves the wool-growers of the
country. They have organized associations,
contributed large sums" of money to mold
public sentiment through the press, and have
formed combinations with other interests to
control the legislation of the country. The
result of their labors is before us, and we are to
determine whether we will permit these clubs
and associations of interested parties to govern
us in our action as the clubs and associations
of revolutionary France governed the constitu-
ent assembly of that country.
It is the fashion to denounce every man who
does not favor a prohibitory tariff as a free
trader. The charge is made feiiat free-trade
agents are at work to influence Congress, and
that our tables are encumbered with free-
trade documents. Who has seen these free-
trade agents? I have yet to see the first man
who was in favor of free trade, nor have I seen
any man who was opposed to a revenue tariff
which should incidently protect such branches
of American industry as needed the fostering
aid of the Government. It is on questions of
detail that we differ. We disagree as to how
much money shall be taken from the pocket of
Peter to support and enrich his brother Paul.
January .24
We are told that for some centuriesEngland
maintained a protective system almost amount-
ing to prohibition, and grew rich and power-
under it} ana that example is presented to
us as worthy cf imitation, as though the world
had made no progress in arts and sciences, in
productive resources and machinery, no ad-
vance in the science o£ political economy and
the application of its principles to practical
lite, bod forbid that we should go back to
the early days of the British Empire, or even
to her more modern days, for laws or policies
upon which , to model our own systems, na-
tional, social, or economic. Besides, it is
undoubtedly the fact that the prosperity, the
wealth, and the renown of England are due in a
far greater degree to her commerce than to her
manufactures. It is,commerce that is the
great civilizer and elevator. It is commerce
that has poured the wealth of the world into
the lap of England. Yet the tendency of this
measure will be to utterly destroy the com-
merce of this nation, already almost swept
from the ocean by hostile legislation.
And now what is the measure before u,s ? It
purports to be a ball "to provide increased
revenue from imports, and for other purposes."
If this bill when passed into a law would
indeed "provide increased revenue from im-
ports' ! no man could support it more cheer-
fully than I would. That is precisely what inv
constituents desire, and which they believe the
interests of the country demand. Tbey would
-be glad to see that kind of leguslalioji adopted
which would secure such an '■ increased revenue
from imports" as would be sufficient to pay the
animal governmental expenses and the interest
on the public debt without resort to internal
taxes. True relief is only to be found in the
abolition of the manufacturers' tax. But the
friends of this bill do not support, it upon any-
such theory as that. They do not pretend that
it will • provide increased reyenue from im-
ports.?' If they thought it would, they would
utterly and forever repudiate it. It is-for pre-
cisely the reverse reason assumed in the title
of the bill; it is because it will not " provide
increased revenue from importsit is because
they believe that under its provisions foreign
products, coming in competition with American
products, will be so excluded from our ports
that no duty at all can be collected oil them
that they require its_ passage. The title is a
misnomer. Before it passes from our hands
let it be amended so as to read: "An act to
prevent the collection of duties from imports
and defray the expenses of Government by
direct taxation."
This bill is said to contain a provision for
the benefit of the wool-growers of the western
States, and on that account my aid is invoked
to secure its passage. No one could be more
gratified to be able to render to that class of
our people any legislative assistance in my
power than I would be, provided I could do so
without detriment to the common interests of
the whole country, and not otherwise. Let us
examine this subject of wool as exhibited in
this bill.
The existing tariff fixes a duty of three cents
per pound specific on wools costing twelve
cents per pound or less, and six cents per
pound on wools costing more than twelve cents
and less than twenty-four cents. The bill be-
fore us declares-
That merino, mestiza, mets, or metis wools, or other
wools of merino blood, immediate or remote; I)own
clothing wools, and wools of like character, with any
of the preceding, including such as have been here-
tofore usually imported into the United States from
Buenos Ayres, New Zealand, Australia, Cape of Good
Hope, Bussia. Groat Britain, Canada, and elsewhere,
and also including all wools not hereinafter described,
and upon Leicester, Cotswold, Lincolnshire, Down
combing wools, Canada long wools, or other like
combing wools, of English blood, and usually known
by the terms herein used; and also all hair of the
alpaca, goat, and other like animals, tho value
whereof, at the last port or place whence exported to
the United, States, excluding charges in such port,
shall be thiity-two cents or less per pound, the duty
shall be ten cents per pound, and, in addition thereto,
ten per eent. ad valorem; upon wools of the same
class, unwashed, the, value whereof at the last port
or place whence exported to tho United States, ex-
