1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
t4M
to try criminals ; so that, take it altogether, I
understand that if this be passed he'may him-
self order the punishment of persons disturb-
ers of the public peace, and criminals. My
amendment is that in punishing he shall pun-
ish according to law; that his discretion shall
be controlled by those words. On this ques-
tion, as it is kindred to the first one that I
offered, I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yma,B and nays Were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 8, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan, Davis, Doolittle,
Hendricks, Nesmith, Norton, and Salisbury—8.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Cattail, Chand-
ler, Conness, Cragin, Creswell, Fogg, Frelinghuysen,
Grimes, Howard, Howe, Kirkwood, Lane, Morgan,
Morrill, Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey, KosS, Sherman,
Stewart, Trumbull, Va'n Winkle, Wade, Wille'y, Wil-
liams, Wilson, and Yates—29.
ABSENT—Messrs. Dixon, Edmunds, Fessenden,
Foster, Fowler, Guthrie, Harris, Henderson, John-
son, McDougall, Nye, Patterson, Riddle, Sprague,
and Sumner—15.
So the amendment to the amendment was-
rejected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I hope the Senate will
not be vexed with me if I offer one more
amendment. It is in section five, line eight,
after the word "State," to insert the words
"voting therein."
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Sen-
ator that that-is so in the amendment as it
stands. I have modified the phraseology
somewhat from the original printed amend-
ment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will it accomplish the
same thing ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; I have changed
the phraseology.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I withdraw my amend-
ment. I am glad that I have offered one
amendment that is clearly right, so that Sen-
ators will not charge me with simply offering
amendments for the purpose of consuming time,
or anything of that sort.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The question now is on the
amendment offered by the Senator from Ohio
as a substitute for the original bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the patience
of the Senate for a few minutes while I sub-
mit a few remarks on this bill. I do not intend
to occupy more than a few minutes in regard
to it. Most of the views that I thought it my
-duty to present to the Senate I expressed last
night. There are one or two others to which
I will now ask the attention of the Senate. It
is with very great pain to myself that now, at
near three o'clock on the Sabbath morning, I
am called upon to discuss this particular meas-
ure ; but it is not my fault that it is so. ^ I am
n little in the condition on this question of
one of the chief justices of the State of Penn-
sylvania, not altogether, however, I will say to
the Senate. In the assignment of the circuits
at the commencement of the courts on Monday
morning, it became necessasy for the chief
justice, in order to reach his courts by the time
the juries would be in, to travel on the Sab-
bath, and upon some friend of his speaking to
him about it he said that he had to travel on the
Sabbath; it was much against his will; but the
Legislature had so fixed it, and he hoped the
Legislature would be damned for it. [Laugh-
ter.] I would not hope that the Senate would
be damned for compelling me to labor upoi* the
Sabbath day, which is against my sentiments.
But, Mr. President, we are here engaged m
the consideration of perhaps one of the most
important bills that has ever passed the Con-
gress of the United States, and^as we must dis-
pose of it to-night, I suppose it is right that 1
should say what I have got to say upon it.
And I beg to assure the Senate that 1 do not
wish to consume the time. I have had no such
motive from the first. I said yesterday evening
that this bill had to be considered. The Sen-
ator from Oregon thought otherwise. He has
now found that it had to be. And when his
bill was well torn to pieces it had to go to
another body to be fixed up, and it comes in
this evening, printed this evening, and we have
this opportunity to look at it. What will be
its final construction of course oil so brief ati
examination of it hone of us c^n te'll.
This bill rests upon the proposition that for
ten States of the Union we have the power to
establish a new form of government. I sup-
pose it rests upon the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] that
these States are conquered States and subject
to the' legislative will of Congress. I do not
admit that doctrine at all. I do not concede
that the^e States have ceased at any time to be
States of the Union. I believe they have been
and' now are States of the Union. Sir, some of
these States helped to form the Union-; they
helped to fight the battles of the Revolution,
and were parties to that great Convention that
made the Constitution which established the
Uhion. I do not believe they have been out
of the Union. I am fixed in that opinion.
But, sir, for the sake of argument, suppose
that the position be true that these States are
now in the condition of conquered countries, at
the feet of-the conqueror; that they are held
by us by conquest; then I wish to ask the law-
yers of this body what are the powers that we
have as conquerors? Is it the right and the
power to establish any form of government that
we choose? No, sir: I deny the proposition.
The conqueror holding territory by conquest
has not the power to establish over the con-
quered country any form of government that
he may please. He is restricted in his power.
I suppose the right rule is that the conquered
country comes to the conqueror with its local
laws, and that all those laws that are not in-
consistent with the policy of the Government
of the conqueror continue in force. We are
told that the conqueror may prescribe laws for
the conquered country ; but what sort of laws?
The laws that the conqueror in that case may
establish over a conquered country are laws
analogous to the laws of the conqueror. Ours
is a free Government, as we claim. Among
the provisions of the Constitution is one that
the States shall have republican forms of gov-
ernment, and it is made the duty of the Con-
gress of the United States and all the depart-
ments of the Government to guaranty to each
State a republican form of government. Now,
can we, under any power, establish over a con-
quered country a form ofgovernmentaltogether
inconsistentwith the Government which we our-
selves have? The government proposed by this
bill is the most arbitrary government possible;
it is a government by the most irresponsible
power, the military power ; a form of govern-
ment not analogous to ours, not consistent with
it, but wholly inconsistent with it.
On the 7th of July, 1846, California was a
conquered country. The Supreme (Jourt have
recognized the conquest of California as being
completed on the 7th day of July, 1846. The
treaty was made and came in force in 1848.
There was a period between 1846 and 1848
that we held a large country by conquest.
Now, letmeask Senators, after war had ceased,
after peace had been restored, what form of
government could we give to California, a con-
quered country? What form of government
could we establish over California ? Pending
arms, of course the question was settled upon
other principles *, but after the war ceased,
after hostilities between Mexico and the United
States had ceased, what form of government
could we, as a Republic, establish over Cali-
fornia ? Could we estalish over that country,
conquered from a foreign Power in a war de-
clared by Congress, or recognized as existing by
Congress, a monarchy and place a king upon
the'throne to govern in California?
Senators seem to assume that over a con-
quered country any form of government may
be established at the will and pleasure of the
conqueror. I deny the proposition,^ and give
a case now. California is at the feet of the
conqueror, a subjugated country, wrested by
military power from a foreign foe. Could we
have established over California a kingly gov-
ernment? No, sir. In establishing a-govern-
ment in California we were compelled to estab-
lish one analogous to and in harmony with the
in conflict with it in its very nature. Over
California could we have' established perma-
nently a provisional government, to be con-
trolled by the -military power, in which the
rights of person and property should be decided
at the will of the commanding general assigned
to' the conquered province, and in which pun-
ishments should be imposed at the will and
pleasure of the commanding general? No,
sir. We could establish in California such a
form of government as would enable the people
to set up a State government. It is not within
the powers of the Government of the United
States to establish anywhere in any country
conquered by arms or ceded by treaty a form
of government inconsistent and not in har-
mony with the Government of the United
States.
Could Prance establish a republican form of
government in a conquered province ? I pre-
sume it will not be questioned that in the exer-
cise ofthepowersof that Government, if those
powers are defined and limited, that country
would be required to establish over a con-
quered country a form of government similar
to her own. But however that may be, our
Government, the Government of the United
States, is one of defined powers, and when we
conquer a country or receive it by treaty we
must establish over that country a form of gov-
ernment similar to and in harmony with our
own.
Now, sir, if this principle be sound, if it be
correct, and if I should concede the southern
States to occupy the position of a foreign terri-
tory conquered by arms, what form of govern-
ment must we establish there? What does the
country become according to this argument ?
Does it become a country in which we can
gratify revenge and passion, and do the work
of hatred instead of establishing a wholesome
and useful government? No, sir; according
to the argument of the gentlemen who occupy
this opposite position it is territory, territory
to be provided with a proper form of govern-
ment. What sort of government then may we
establish in our Territories ? The practice dur-
ing the whole history of the country has estab-
lished that. In the Territories we establish a
government in harmony with our own, extend-
ing the laws of the United States over them,
the institutions of the country, the trial by jury,
the writ of habeas corpus. All these guarantees
and securities for liberty are extended over the
Territories ; and according to the established
doctrine, Congress may go just so far in the
establishment of territorial governments as will
enable the people to establish State govern-
ments with a view to their admission as States.
Mr. President, it was not my purpose to con-
tinue the discussion at any length. I wished
to meet this one point, for I eannot conceivo
that this bill rests upon any proposition other
than that the State governments of the South
have been crushed down and that we hold
that country as the conquorer holds a country
wrested from a foreign foe by the power of his
arms. Holding' that doctrine, then I say to
Senators, even under that extreme propo-
sition, they have not the power to establish
such a form of government as this. Holding
even that proposition, we must establish a
form of government in harmony with our own.
I have illustrated it by the case of California.
When the Senator from California [Mr. Cos-
xess] votes for this bill does he understand
himself as voting that when we conquered
California we could have established in that
beautiful land a monarchy and placed upon a
throne a king to govern them ? No, sir, we
have no such power. That is not a power that
can be exercised by our Government. We
must establish a government in harmony with
our own. , . , T
But the fact I do not admit, upon which 1
have based this argument. I do not admit the
fact that these States are disrobed of their
sovereignty. They are states of this Union.
This bill proposes to go into ten States of this
: Union and establish a military government
