92
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
Ho. of Reps.
Government of Insurrectionary States—Mr. Shanklin.
39th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Government of Insurrectionary States.
SPEECH OF HON. G. S. SHANKLIN,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the House of Representatives,
February 8, 1867.
The House having under consideration the bill
(H. R. No. 1143) to provide for fhe more effectual
government of the insurrectionary States—
Mr. SHANKLIN said:
Mr. Speaker: I do not know whether my
present state of health will enable me to express
my views fully to the House upon the measure
now before it for consideration. I will en-
deavor, however, as briefly and succinctly as I
can to present some of the views and opinions
which I entertain in relation to this subject.
Several gentlemen who have preceded me in
this discussion have most earnestly stated that
this is a measure of as much interest and of as
much importance to the American people as
any measure -which has ever been presented to
this Congress or to any deliberative body ever
assembled in this country. Permit me to say,
that in my opinion it is a measure which, if
carried out to the full extent of the powers
which" are attempted to be conferred by it, is
fraught with as much danger to free and repub-
lican institutions, to the liberties and rights of
the citizens of the States over which it is in-
tended to operate, as any measure ever pre-
sented for the consideration of any deliberative
body under a republican form of government.
It is proposed by this bill to establish a mili-
tary government over ten States of this Union,
containing a population of perhaps eight mil-
lion or more citizens. It is proposed to strike
down and set aside the State governments which
have been established in those States for the
protection of the citizen. If the power intended
to be conferred by this bill upon this military
.government is carried out that ivill be its effect
and legitimate consequence.
What are the reasons presented and urged
with so much earnestness and zeal for the pas-
sage of a measure of this character? The pre-
amble, I presume, states the main reason and
ground upon which the friends of this measure
intend to base it. The preamble of any act
should contain statements true in point of fact
when it pretends to give the reasons upon which
the act is based. I wish to call the attention
of the House to the statements contained in
this preamble. Let us test those statements
by the facts as exhibited in the history of those
States and the governments in existence there,
and let us see whether those statements are
true or untrue. If they are true, perhaps they
might furnish some apology for this measure,
but certainly no sufficient justification. If they
are untrue, then it lias no foundation upon
which to stand, and consequently should and
must fall. The preamble contains this recital:
Whereas the pretended State governments of the
late so-called confederate States of Virginia, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Mississippi, Ala-
bama, Louisiana, Florida, Texa«.and Arkansas were
lot up without the authority of Congress and without
the sanction of the people.
Here it is gravely asserted that the "pre-
tended State governments" of those States
recently in rebellion were set up without the
authority and* sanction of the people. Is this
statement true ? Were those governments set
up without authority and without the consent
oi the people over whom those governments
were intended to operate. Pour of the States
in which this military government is intended
to be established were States perfectly organ-
ized and in operation, with all the machinery
of government, long before the Federal Gov-
ernment was organized by our fathers. In four
of those States—Virginia, North Carolina,
South Carolina, and Georgia—those govern-
ments were in successful operation, fully or-
ganized by the authority of the people of those
States before the Federal Government was
formed, and they aided and assisted in the
formation of that Government. These gov-
ernments were established by the people who
inhabited those States, and no authority from
Congress was necessary or could have been
given.
Have those governments, from the time of
their organization down to the present time,
been destroyed and set aside ? If they have,
by whom has it been done ? By what act of
legal or constitutional authority have those
State governments been destroyed and set
aside? Gentlemen say that these State gov-
ernments have been destroyed and set aside
by the rebellion. Did the Government of the
United States wage a war against the confed-
eracy for the purpose of overthrowing and
destroying the State governments existing
within the so-called confederacy? Was it the
object of the Federal Government to over-
throw and destroy those State governments?
Were those State governments destroyed by
the Federal Government? Was there any
design upon the part of the Federal Govern-
ment to overthrow and destroy those State
governments? Who has ever proclaimed it?
What measure has ever been taken to effect an
object and purpose of that sort? But upon the
contrary, it was declared upon every occasion
and in every possible way by each and all of
the coordinate branches of the Federal Gov-
ernment, that its object and purpose was to
defend and maintain both the State and Fed-
eral Government unimpaired and unchanged,
and maintain their connection and union under
the Constitution.
Did the citizens of those States, or any one
of those States, when they passed their ordi-
nances of secession, when they attempted to
destroy their connection with the Federal Gov-
ernment. attempt to destroy those State gov-
ernments? Was it their^purpose or design to
overthrow the State governments? No, sir;
they did no act to interfere with or destroy
those State governments, except to pass their
ordinances of secession and accomplish what
was constitutionally impossible—break their
connection with the Federal Government and
throw off their allegiance as citizens. Have
they done any act that tends in any degree to
destroy those State governments? They have
not. During the whole period of this rebellion
the State governments formed prior to the
rebellion were maintained in all their parts,
perfectly organized, with all their working ma-
chinery as State governments. All they did
or attempted to do was to sever the connection
of those States from the Federal Government
and to connect themselves by league with the
confederate government.
These States, every one of them, at the time
this rebellion was suppressed, at the time the
rebels laid down their arms, were in complete
operation, and not overthrown or destroyed in
any sense of the word. And when the Gov-
ernment of the United States took possession
of those States they found them organized, with
all the machinery of State governments in
operati&n. There was some amendment made
to conform them to the altered state of things
brought about by the war, but there was no
overthrow or destruction of those State gov-
ernments.
Even after the surrender of the rebel army
and up to this time those State governments
have never been disorganized or destroyed.
Their functions may have been suspended, but
they were never destroyed. The legislative
branch of the Federal Government is some-
times suspended during the recess of Congress,
and does any gentleman contend the Federal
Government is destroyed because the legisla-
tive branch of that Government was suspended
for a period? The war did suspend the opera-
tions of the Federal Government in those
States, but. it did not overthrow and destroy
those governments.
Then with what truth can it be alleged that
they were pretended "governments set up
without the sanction of the people ?" And the
same preamble further states :
Said pretended governments afford no adequate
protection for life or property, but countenance and
encourage lawlessness and crime.
Is that true in point of fact? Do those
State governments encourage lawlessness and
crime? Where is the proof of that important
fact? I do not believe there is any proof
that either one of those States has or does now
encourage lawlessness and crime. Mr. Speaker,
I call for the proof, if there is any, that these
State governments attempted to be set aside by
this bill have been encouraging lawlessness
and crime?
Has any State government ever been formed
or any governments of any kind with sufficient
wisdom and power to prevent the commission
of crime or disturbances ? No doubt there have
been examples of disorder and crime in those
States now attempted to be overthrown. What
State in the Union has been able to prevent
the commission of crime by its own citizens
and others within its borders? Go to New
England, where they claim to be the most holy
of the holy, and you will find crimes commit-
ted day after day; and if any individual would
take the pains to keep an account of the com-
mission of crimes in those States, as is done in
the States lately in rebellion, perhaps it might
be found to be nearly or quite equal to the
crimes and violations of law committed in
those States whose governments you attempt
to set aside. Crimes have been committed
there, but we have no committee treasuring
up every instance of crime.
Mr. Speaker, it is not to be expected a peo-
ple engaged for four years in a. most terrible
and disastrous war should at the termination
of that war return at once to the pursuits of
peaceful life. That people have no doubt by
the effects of this war been to some extent
demoralized, or a portion of their people have
become demoralized by the effects of the war.
The camp followers of the armies that have
been disbanded have been the fruitful sources
of crime in those States. The men who fol-
lowed the Army for the purposes of plunder
and robbery still linger within the borders of
those States, and they are the principal per-
petrators of crime in those States.
Mr. Speaker, we are told that those States
are encouraging lawlessness and crime. Where
is the proof? Where is the evidence? The
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Pike] confined
his whole argument to adetail of crimes which
have been committed within the borders of the
States recently in the rebellion. What does it
prove? It proves merely there were individ-
uals there, as in every community, who have
committed crimes. Is there any evidence that
those Governments encouraged them ? If there
is no proof, the allegation in the preamble must
fall, and we are left to conjecture the reason
and purposes of its insertion.
Mr. Speaker, there is one great fundamental
principle which is the corner-stone of republi-
can government, and which seems to have been
overlooked or forgotten in this bill, as well as
in many other bills of like kind, .and that is
that the sovereign power is inherent in the peo-
ple. It must emanate from them and from no
other source. In this our republican Govern-
ment differs from the Governments of mon-
archical Europe. There the doctrine is that the
sovereign power is in the King. He holds that
power except so far as he surrenders it to some
other branch of the Government.
Now, sir, what is this sovereign power inher-
ent in the people? It is to form a government
for themselves. Does this bill recognize that
great fundamental principle? Is any gentle-
man who is sustaining this measure here a citi-
zen of either one of these States in which it is
proposed to establish military government?
uhat right, then, I ask. has a citizen of one
State to set up a government for another State ?
