1462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
there, unknown to the common law, unknown
to the law of our race for a thousand years;
that military power and military government,
the will of the commanding general, shall be
the form of government for men, women, and
children in a time of peace. That is the bill
that we have before us; a bill which, under the
pretense of establishing republican govern-
ments, takes away from the government there
every republican principle and form that can
possibly be conceived. A republican form of
government is one in which the people govern
themselves through their representatives. Here
we establish a government most despotic in its
character, having no republican features about
it, in 110 way analogous either to our State gov-
ernments or to the Government of the United
States.
I do not intend, sir, to examine the provis-
ions of this bill that have been for the first
time brought to the attention of the Senate
this evening. I offered such amendments as
in good faith could be adopted upon this bill,
not with any purpose of voting for the bill,
because no amendment could be made to it
that would induce me to vote for a bill that I
consider so dangerous to my country. I pro-
posed those amendments, because I thought
they would, to some extent, mitigate the evils
of the measure.
Mr. SHERMAN. Even at the risk of wound-
ing the feelings of others, I propose to take four
or five minutes, not to exceed five, in stating
why I offer this amendment as a substitute.
The principle of this bill is contained in the
first two lines of the preamble. It is founded
upon the proclamation of the President and
Secretary of State made just after the assas-
sination of President Lincoln, in which they
declared specifically that the rebellion had
overthrown all civil governments in the insur-
rectionary States, and they proceeded by an
executive mandate to create governments.
They were provisional in their character, and •
dependent for their validity solely upon the
action of Congress. These are propositions
which it is not now necessary for me to demon-
strate. Those governments have never been
sanctioned by Congress, nor by the people of
the Slates where they exist; that is, all the
people.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator will
not interrupt me, for I shall be through in three
minutes.
Mr. COWAN. I have but a simple question
to ask.
_ Mr. SHERMAN. I declinc to yield. I
simply wish to state the proposition; I do not
want to debate it. Taking that proclamation
and the acknowledged fact that the people of
the southern States, the loyal people, whites
and blacks, are not protected in their rights,
but that an unusual and extraordinary number
of eases occur of violence and murder and
wrong, I do think it is the duty of the United
States to protect those people in the enjoy-
ment of substantial rights.
Now, the first four sections of this substi-
tute contains nothing but what is in the present
law. There is not a single thing in the first
four sections that does not now exist by law.
The first- section authorizes the division of
the rebel States into military districts. That
is being done daily.
The second section acknowledges that the
President is the commanding ofiicer of the
Army, and it is made his duty to assign cer-
tain officers to those districts. That is clearly
admitted to be right.
The third section does no more than what
the Supreme Court in their recent decision
have decided could be done in a State in insur-
rection. The Supreme Court in their recent
decision, while denying that a military tribu-
nal could be organized in Indiana because it
never had been in a state of insurrection, ex-
Eressly declared that these tribunals might
ave been, and might now bo, organized in
insurrectionary States. There is nothing in
this third section, in my judgment, that is not
now and has not been done every month
within the last twelve months by the President
of the United States. The orders of General
Sickles, and many other orders that I might
quote, have gone further in punishment of
crime than this section proposes.
Now, in regard to the fourth section, that is
a limitation upon the present law. Under the
present law many executions of military tri-
bunals are summarily carried out. This sec-
tion requires all sentences of military tribunals
which affect' the liberty of the citizen to be
sent to the commanding officer of the district.
They must be approved by the commanding
officer of the district; and so far as life is con-
cerned the President may issue his order at
any moment now, or after this bill passes,
directing that the military commander of the
district shall not enforce a sentence of death
until it is submitted to him, because the mil-
itary ofiicer is a mere subordinate of the Pres-
ident, remaining there at the pleasure of the
President.
There is nothing, therefore, in these sections
that ought to alarm the nerves of my friend
from Pennsylvania or anybody else. I cannot
think that these gentlemen are alarmed about
the state of despotism that President Johnson
is to establish in the southern States. I do
not feel alarmed; nor do I see anything in
these sections as they now stand that need
endanger the rights of the most timid citizen
of the United States. They are intended to
protect a race of people who are now without
protection, and they are not intended to-oppress
anybody who now can oppress.
Now, in regard to the fifth section, which is
the main and material feature of this bill, I
think it is right that the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, before its adjournment, should des-
ignate some way by which the southern States
may reorganize loyal State governments in
harmony with the Constitution and laws of the
United States and the sentiment of the people,
and find their way back to these Halls. My
own judgment is that that fifth section will
point out a clear, easy, and right way for these
States to be restored to their full power in the
Government. All that it demands of the peo-
ple of the southern States is to extend to all
their male citizens, without distinction of race
or color, the elective franchise. It is now too
late in the day to be frightened by this simple
proposition. Senators can make the most of
it as a political proposition. Upon that we
are prepared to meet them. But it does point
out a way by which the twenty absent Senators
and the fifty absent Representatives can get
back to these Halls, and there is 110 other way
by which they can justly do it.
It seems to mc that this is the whole sub-
stance of the bill. All there is material in the
bill is in the first two lines of the preamble
and die fifth section, in my judgment. The
first two lines may lay the foundation by adopt-
ing the proclamation issued first to North Car-
olina, that the rebellion had swept away all the
civil governments in the southern States ; and
the fifth section points out the mode by which
the people of those States in their own man-
ner, without any limitations or restrictions by
Congress, may get back to full representation
in Congress. That is the view I take of this
amended bill; and taking that view of it I see
no reason in the world why we should not all
go for it. I desire to say, in closing, that I am
authorized by the Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Johxsox,] indeed he requested me, to say that
if he were hero he would feel bound to vote
for this amendment, and then on the final pas-
sage of the bill he would vote against it; but
on that question he is paired with the Senator
from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden.]
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will, with the indulgence
of the Senate, take five minutes to answer
these numerous and long speeches that have
been made against this bill.
Mr. COWAN. If the Senator from Oregon
wants to make the last speech I hope he will
allow me to say a word at this place.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Oregon yield to the Senator from
Pennsylvania?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly.
Mr. COWAN again addressed the Senate.
[His remarks will be published in the Appen-
dix.]
Mr. BUCK ALEW. Mr. President, the Sen -
ator from Ohio made a few remarks, which, in
my opinion, ought not to go upon the record
of the debates without a word in reply. He
said that at the end of the war the present
President of the United States, through the
Secretary of State, announced to the people
of this country and to the world that the then
existing governments in the South were un-
lawful, and commenced a proceeding for rees-
tablishing valid governments in that section of
the country; and as I understand him, he places
this amendment of his that he proposes to
make a law, upon the ground, at least to some
extent, of that official declaration of the Chief
Magistrate of the United States. In other
words, the country is to understand and accept
the position of the member who offers this
proposition, that this bill is based upon that
executive action; that it is a natural, or at
least a proper sequence from it.
The Senator, in speaking, forgot that the
State of Virginia reorganized had been set up
long before, and that that organization yet con-
tinues. He forgot that Louisiana had been
reorganized, and that that reorganization yet
continues, modified in form. He forgot that
the same state of things existed with reference
to the State of Arkansas, the reorganization
of which was instigated by a communication
from President Lincoln to General Steele, in
command in that State. He forgot that Ten-
nessee herself was in the same category. So
that, as to a large part of the States of the
South which had been concerned in the rebel-
lion they had been organized under new State
authorities before the time which he mentioned;
that is, before the close of the war; and as to
those States, constituting a large part of the
whole number, there was no executive declara-
tion, no executive proceeding i'or their reor-
ganization ;. but upon the contrary they were
then held, as they have since been held, by
the President, of the United States to be law-
ful State governments, and as such entitled to
the respect, to the amity, or rather to the pro-
tection of the Government of the United States. .
The Senator's argument therefore fails, for the
enactment of this bill is applicable to all the
States which I have enumerated, save Ten-
nessee.
Why, sir, let us go a step further. Not
only was that the position of the present
President with regard to these States, but in
point of fact it was the position of his prede-
cessor ; for the State government in each one
of the States which I have mentioned was
organized under his administration at his in-
stance, and under proclamations and messages
which are known to the whole world. Mr.
Lincoln announced to the inhabitants of all
the States in insurrection that wherever in any
State a number of legal voters, according to the
qualifications which existed before the rebel-
lion, not less than one tenth in number, should
organize a State government in conformity
with the views which he stated, the government
so organized should be recognized by the Gov-
ernment of the United States ; and the Con-
gress of the United States, by its silence, by
its acquiescence, concurred in that public proc-
lamation and declaration of his. I say, there-
fore, that at the conclusion of the war, the
time mentioned by the Senator from Ohio, and
upon considerations connected with which he
puts the measure now before the Senate, a
large part of these States were acknowledged
in the full sense by the executive department
as the governments of those States, as they
had been previously recognized by Air. Lin-
coln when he exercised the duties of that high
office.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator will allow
me to interrupt him right upon that point, I
will suggest that when the question arose as to
