1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1463
the division of Virginia and the establishment
of West Virginia the opinions of the members
of the Cabinet 6f Mr. Lincoln were taken in
writing, and they all unanimously, including
the present Chief Justice Chase, gave their
opinion in writing in favor of the validity of
the act of Virginia in giving its consent through
the Legislature to the division of the State;
and the act of this Congress of March 10,
1866, one year ago, the transfer act by which
this Congress consented to the transfer of two
counties to West Virginia from the State of
Virginia acknowledged that the State of Vir-
ginia had given its valid consent by its Legis-
lature.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Why, Mr. President, so
general was the concurrence of public opinion
in this policy announced by Mr. Lincoln in
proclamations and messages, that it was with
extreme difficulty in this very Senate that we
prevented the introduction of Senators from
Arkansas and from Virginia at former sessions.
I was obliged, as a member of the minority,
as were others who thought with me, to stand
with a section only of the dominant party in
resisting their introduction at that early period.
But as governments of the States, so far as the
Executive was concerned, their recognition
was complete.
I say, then, that the Senator from Ohio, stand-
ing here as the organ of those who introduce
this measure and ask for our votes for it, is not
justified by the facts in putting the enactment
of this bill upon the ground which he has stated
to the Senate in its justification. I go further.
I say that the second or other ground which
he stated is equally incorrect. He says that
the Supreme Court have expressed an opinion
which justifies this bill. Pray, when did they
announce any such opinion or express any such
sentiment? Certainly it was not in any of those
recent cases which have attracted public atten-
tion and been the subject of vituperative denun-
ciation in the country. They determined that
military commissions in the State of Indiana
were illegal because that State was not within
the theater of military operations. That con-
ceded, impliedly at least, perhaps the court said
so expressly, that such military commissions or
military courts might be organized in States in
rebellion, might be organized within the theater
of active hostilites, that they were an incident
of military operations when warranted by the
Rules and Articles of War or by the legislation
of Congress. But, sir, that court in no part
of either of the opinions delivered by it laid
down the doctrine that military commissions
might now be organized, as stated by the Sen-
ator from Ohio, in the States of the South.
They did not enter upon that field of inquiry
which has been entered upon by members of
Congress at all. They did not cover it by their
investigations. They did not explore it. They
did not attempt to determine whether the war
yet continued, as some gentlemen seem to think.
They did not attempt to determine what was
the present condition of those States in a polit-
ical point of view, and very properly they re-
frained from that investigation, and that for
two reasons: in the first place, because it is a
political question, and therefore not appropri-
ate to their examination unless brought before
them directly and in such manner that they can-
not evade it in a judicial investigation; in the
next place, the case before them invited no such
inquiry, and they made no such inquiry. I say
the Senator from Ohio will search in vain in
any of those opinions for any such doctrine as
that which he has suggested, I presume without
reflection, on the spur of the moment, in the
heat of debate. So much in reply to the Sen-
ator from Ohio. His speech has led to these
remarks which I should not otherwise have
made.
There is, however, a question which I would
desire to ask him; I perceive lie is present.
It is what is the signification of the expression
used in the first line of this preamble? What
is its meaning? The language is—
"Whereas no legal State governments * * *
now exist in the rebel States of Virginia, North Caro-
lina, South Carolina, Georgia, Mississippi, Alabama,
Louisiana, Florida, Texas and Arkansas.
What is meant by the expression "legal
State governments" in this preamble? Does it
mean that there is no government in exist-
ence in any one of these States which has a
legal character, which can, in point of law,
take jurisdiction, through its courts or through
its political authorities, of rights of person or
property, or of any other matter pertaining to
the jurisdiction of a government within a State?
Because, if that be so, perhaps there is some
ground and some reason for congressional
action; but if, on the contrary, the Senator
supposes these governments have some sort of
validity, I should like to know to what extent
he assigns them validity and consequence.
What is their legal character?
Mr. SHERMAN. I prefer to answer the
Senator's question at once if he will yield to
me for that purpose.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. The view I take of it is
the same that was taken by the President and
Secretary of State when the proclamation of
May, 1865, was issued, that the authorities of
those States were overthrown by the act of
rebellion, precisely like the case of the author-
ity ot a Government being overthrown by the
occupation of its territory by a hostile Power.
That does not disturb the courts or the sheriff
or the ordinary operations of the law. The
Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] stated
properly the law, that where wo occupy a con-
quered territory we occupy it subject to the
local laws for the administration of private
justice between man and man; for the dispo-
sition of rights of property, and for the pun-
ishment of crime. If this bill passes the law
will be administered there. But the legal State
governments are the governments represented
here in Congress. A legal State government
is a government which forms a part of the
United States. I agree with the President
and Secretary of State in the proclamation to
which I have referred, that that government
there was overthrown; the rebellion overthrew
all civil authority there; but the ordinary
municipal regulations, administered by their
courts and sheriffs and officers of justice are
not disturbed even by the occupation of an
armed force. If the Government of Great
Britain should occupy the State of Ohio by her
military power, and exclude the authority of
the United States, that would not necessarily
disturb the administration of justice except so
for as military law might be substituted for
civil law. I think that is an answer to the
Senator's question.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Then I understand the
Senator in general terms to hold that these are
not State governments in the sense of the Con-
stitution as entitled to representation in the
Congress of the United States, holding that
relation to the Union which is held by the-
States represented; but at the same time that
they are governments for municipal or local
purposes, if this Government so chooses to
treat them.
I have said what I have said from no desire
to delay the action of the Senate, but because
these points were raised by what had pre-
viously been said.
Mr. NORTON. Mr. President, I had de-
sired and intended to express my views to the
Senate upon the subjects that are embraced in
this bill; but I did not suppose that business
would be pushed forward so rapidly, and that
it was expected by anybody that bills of this
character would be pressed on the attention
and consideration of the Senate so hastily as
this bill has been pressed. I desire now, with-
out going into any discussion of the details of
the bill, to move merely to strike out the pre-
amble, and I do so for the reason that, in my
judgment, it is false in fact and false in infer-
ence. In my judgment, not a single statement
or a single recital of this preamble is true in
point of fact; and if it were possible for it to
be more false in inference than it is in fact I
would say it is much more false in inference.
The details of the bill probably are as nearly
correct as they could be if the principle upon
which it proceeds were correct. If it is neces-
sary to establish in the ten States that are now
unrepresented in Congress a military govern-
ment, if it is necessary to set up there a mil-
itary power which shall override and super-
sede everything like civil government, this
amendment, perhaps, is sufficient for that .pur-
pose. But, sir, I cannot remain in my seat
silently and permit the passage of a bill that
recites, as this bill does, what are, in my judg-
ment, and what I think the history of legisla-
tion for the last three or four years and the
history of legislation of the present Congress
should be, allegations that are not true in
point of fact. The preamble of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio recites that
" no legal State governments or adequate pro-
tection for life or property now exists'' in cer-
tain "rebel States." The first assertion is that
there are no legal State governments in these
States.
I shall not refer to the proclamations of the
President, nor to the manner in which these
governments were organized ; but for the pur-
pose of showing the falsity of that recital, I
will merely refer to the action of the commit-
tee of fifteen organized by the present Con-
gress, who for eight long months sat in delib-
eration upon this subject, knowing all the time
that these State governments as they were
organized by the President, as gentlemen say,
by usurpation, were in existence, and that
committee never proposed to interfere with
them, nor has this Congress in any manner
attempted to interfere with them. On the con-
trary, Congress has recognized them as legal,
valid, subsisting State organizations and State
governments; and not only that, but this Con-
gress has proposed constitutional amendments
and submitted them to the very Legislatures
which gentlemen now say derived all their
validity from executive usurpation, for those
Legislatures to act upon the amendments and
adopt or reject them as they saw fit. It is t/ue,
it may be said that those amendments were
proposed to the States generally; but who is
there now upon this floor who would object to
the admission of representatives from these
States if they had adopted your constitutional
amendment? Suppose the Legislatures of these
various States had adopted tho amendment
which you proposed as article fourteen, and
upon its adoption by them that article had^be-
comea part of the Constitution of tho United
States, who is there here that #)uld have dared
to object to the admission of Senators from
those States under such circumstances, if they
could take the prescribed oath? No one.
Perhaps the Senator from Massachusetts, not
now present, [Mr. Sumner,] would have ob-
jected, because he did not consider himself
committed by the proposal of that amendment
to the judgment of tho country. But, sir,
your elections last fall were carried upon the
idea that that amendment was a settlement and
an adjustment of the whole question of recon-
struction, and that if the southern States would
adopt it' their Representatives and Senators
would be admitted to seats.
Then I say that this recital that there are
no legal State governments in these States is
false in point of fact, because we have treated
and we have regarded them as legal, valid,
subsisting State governments. I do not go at
all into the question of the power of the Pres-
ident to institute these governments. I shall
not attempt to discuss that power or to speak
of the proclamations to which the Senator from
Ohio has referred as instituting State govern-
ments for these States. I am willing, for the
purposes of the argument, to_ grant that the
President had no such authority, and that all
that has been done is the result of usurpation ;
but I say it does not lie in the mouth of the
Senate to say, by way of recital in a bill, that
there are no legal governments in these States,
and to undertake to wipe them all out.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Suppose thepeoplehad
acted without any proclamation?
