1464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
Mr. NORTON. As is suggested by the
Senator from Wisconsin, if the people them-
selves had come together without a proclama-
tion, without invitation, and had themselves
instituted these State governments, elected their
Legislatures and State officers, and set all the
machinery of State government in motion,
would it then lie in the mouth of this Congress
to say that those governments were not legal
State governments, especially after it had sub-
mitted to their consideration as States* amend-
ments of the Federal Constitution?
But, sir, this preamble is more false in infer-
ence than in fact. It not only asserts that there
are no legal State governments, but it asserts
that "no adequate protection for life or prop-
erty now exists " in the ten States named; and
why ? Because of the want of civil government
there ? Because of the want of tribunals where
parties can go and test and try _ their rights
of person and property? That is the infer-
ence. That is supposed to be the condition of
things there. Is that so ? If such a state of
facts exists at all, it is because Congress has
not allowed or permitted them to have civil
governments and civil tribunals, courts of jus-
tice into which parties can go and test their
rights of person and property. Such a con-
dition of affairs as is alleged to exist is not
because, as the inference might be from the
recital in this preamble, of the action of that
people; but it is because Congress will not allow
them to have their courts, and will not allow
the supremacy of civil authority and of civil
law; and following that, Congress undertakes
in this amendment and in this bill to set up
military power and a military authority, before
which persons shall ascertain and settle their
rights of person and of property. Why, sir, in
every one of those States the Federal laws are
enforced as they are in any of the northern
States. Rights of person and property are
determined in the courts as they are in the
northern States, save and except when they
are interfered with by your military or Froed-
men's Bureau agents. What is there in these
States now that prevents an individual from
going into court and enforcing his rights of
person and property? Nothing, save and ex-
cept your Freedmcn's Bureau agents and your
military officers; they sometimes interfere with
the administration of justice and obstruct and
prevent, tiieaction of the courts.
The last clause of the preamble recites that—
It is necessary that peace and good order should
ue enforced in said States until loyal and republican
fcSutc govex-nmentfroan bo legally established.
That is all very well; it is necessary, it
is desirable that peace and good order should
be enforced in these States; but how? How
do you enforce peace and good order in
the northern States? You enforce the laws
there through the civil tribunals, the tribunals
established by law, in which persons seek re-
dress for wrongs and injuries to person or to
property. But this bill proposes that all this
shall be done by the military commander in
each district, a brigadier general; it overrides
and supersedes the civil tribunals and author-
izes him to mete out justice to suitors as ho
may see fit.
For these reasons I move to strike out this
preamble. It is false in fact, because there
are legal governments in these States. If there
are legal governments in any of the States of
this Union there are in these States ; and it
does not lie in the mouth of this Congress to
allege that there are no legal State govern-
ments there. _ Whatever defects there may be
in the administration of justice and securing
the rights of person and property there result
from the fault of Congress, and not the fault of
these States or their people.
Mr. NESMITH. Will the Senator from
Minnesota allow me to interrupt him for the
purpose of calling his attention to this clause: -
"and to this end he may allow local civil tri-
bunals to take jurisdiction of and to try .of-
fenders."
Mr. NORTON. I thank the Senator, and I
was just going to refer to that clause myself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. R is the duty
of the Chair to state that the motion of the
Senator from Minnesota is not in order at this
time. The first question is upon the amendment
of the SenatorfromOhio, to strike out all after
the enacting clause of the bill, and insert a
substitute. After that shall have been disposed
of, if no other amendment be moved, the
question will come up on the adoption of, the
preamble moved by the Senator from Ohio. In
that way the Senator from Minnesota will get a
vote on the preamble.
Mr. NESMITH. I think from the range of
this debate almost anything is in order.
Mr. NORTON. I was going to refer to the
fact that in the body of this bill there is a
recognition of the validity of the civil tribunals
of these States, because it allows the brigadier
general in command of a district to permit the
local civil tribunals to take part in the admin-
istration of justice in these various States.
I said I should move to strike out the pre-
amble, and I shall further move to amend the
first section by striking out in line three " said
rebel States" and inserting "the States now
unrepresented in Congress."
As I have said, I do not propose to enter into
any discussion of the details of this bill. The
Senator from Ohio has said that it is a very
simple proposition. Certainly it is simple to
my mind, and yet it strikes me very differently
from what it does him. Yes, sir, it is a simple
proposition to establish for ten States of this
Union a purely military government; and if by
any possibility a civil tribunal may have any-
thing to do with the administration of justice
in these States, it is to bo only by the permis-
sion of the military governor. It will not do
to say that this bill is intended to subserve
some good purpose; it will not do to say that
this bill is intended to protect persons in their
rights of persons and property; it will not do
to say that the object you have in view is a
praiseworthy objcct. I look to the details of
the bill, to the manner in which you propose
to accomplish the object which you say you
have in view, and I say that the argument
which sustains this bill is the same argument
under which the fugitive slave law was sus-
tained. Persons who were in favor of the fugi-
tive slave law said it was carrying out a consti-
tutional obligation; but it was the manner in
which that obligation was attempted to be
enforced by that bill which made it so objection-
able to the people. While the people of the
northern States acknowledged the constitu-
tional obligation, the mode in which it was
attempted to be executed under that bill was
offensive to them. So with this bill. It will
not do to say that you are here attempting to
accomplish a good object or a good purpose.
It is the manner in which you attempt to do it
that is offensive to the people. In my judg-
ment you will find any such measure offensive
to the people, and if they can reach it in any
manner (no matter what the object may be, no
matter what good purpose you may attempt to
subserve,) they will condemn a proposition to
hand over ten of the States of our Union to
unlimited military power, ignoring or super-
seding all civil tribunals, all civil law, and all
civil authority.
For these reasons, Mr. President, I move to
strike out the preamble, it being, as I said,
unfounded and lalse in fact and in inference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. An amend-
ment to the preamble is not now in order.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Is not the preamble a
part of the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio?
Mr. NORTON. I understand that the pre-
amble is a part of the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Action on
the preamble will not be in order till after
action on the amendment proper.
Mr. NORTON. Then I move to amend the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio by strik-
ing out in the third line of the first section the
words " said rebel States," and inserting "the
States now unrepresented in Congress."
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Asthis.preamble has
been brought into discussion, I wish to say a
few words upon it. I have waited till it should
come up regularly. I have no motion to make
in reference to it; but I merely want to justify,
as far as may be necessary, the position of my
State and the vote I shall give in reference
to it.
The preamble contained in the bill as it
came from the House of Representatives was so
framed as in my opinion' to question the very
foundation upon which the State of West Vir-
ginia rests. It assumed—and there were no
qualifying words in it as there are in the pre-
amble offered by the Senator from Ohio—that
the Legislature which gave its consent to the,
erection of that State was a "pretended" Le-
gislature only. I did, three years ago, in the
Senate, attempt to set that matter on its proper
footing, and I showed in full the motives, that
governed us and the causes for the action we
took; and I cited most illustrious examples to
justify the course we felt ourselves compelled
to take for our redress, and I showed that it
was the only way in which our State could be
retained in the Union.
But the language of the preamble has been
modified in the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio, and it reads, "whereas no legal
State governments" "now exist" in the State
of Virginia among other States. As to the
present status of the State of Virginia, I have
only to say that some change may have taken
place since our State was admitted into the
Union and since her consent to our formation'
was given. It must, however, have taken place
very lately, because the government of Virginia
has always been recognized at any rate by the
executive department of the Government of
the United States, and it has been recognized,
I think, by acts of Congress subsequent to the
erection of the State of West Virginia.
But, sir, it is not important to go into that
now. I rise not for the purpose of attempting
to discuss or settle the question whether the
present State government of Virginia is legal
or not; that is aside from the purpose I have
in view ; but it is simply to say that since the
modification of the preamble by the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio, if that amend-
ment be adopted by the Senate, I do not feel
that the State of West Virginia is at all called
"in question. The government of Virginia may
have changed its character since the consent
to the formation of West Virginia was given.
I am not called upon to examine into that
point; but as the phraseology of the pream-
ble of the amendment relates to the govern-
ment which now exists in that State, it leaves
the State of West Virginia in my opinion free
from any such imputation as was conveyed by
the original preamble. I do, so far as I may,
in the name of my State and in my own as one
of its representatives, protest against any infer-
ence from the passage of this bill, if it shall
pass through Congress, that would be against
the perfect legality and constitutionality of the
mode in which the State of West Virginia was
erected.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I should like to under-
stand the point the Senator makes: it is a very
interesting one. Do I understand him to say
that he is willing to vote that the government
of old Virginia is now wholly illegal, while at
the same time he holds that it was legal in
some former year when the assent was given
to the formation of West Virginia?
Mr. VAN WINKLE; I have said that I was
not called upon at this time, at all events, to say
anything about the present State of Virginia.
My object is to vindicate the position of my own
State. If the old preamble had been continued
here, 1 should have felt constrained, in spite of
any reasons to the contrary, to vote against the
bill; I could not have done otherwise. But I
say, as this preamble refers to the condition of
the government of Virginia at this time, the
word " now" being used, making it somewhat
emphatic, it cannot be supposed to refer to the
condition of that government in 1862, when
the consent was given under which the State
of West Virginia was erected. I know that up
