94
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 7,
Ho. of Reps.
Government of Insurrectionary States—Mr. Pike.
39tii Cong....2d Sess.
ion for providing him "with compulsory pro-
cess for obtaining witnesses in his favor."
Whut manifest injustice! A man may be tried
by a drum-head court martial, no man being 1
permitted to appear in his defense—nay, lie J
himself not being permitted to appear before '
that august court, a military commission, and
defend himself, but convened for his murder
while he inclines upon a bed of straw in his
prison.
There is to be no appeal from the decision
of this court. There is to be no trial by jury.
There is to be no relief by the writ of habeas
corpus. The accused stands helpless and pow-
erless before that august body, a military com- ,
mission. This is in direct violation of one of j
the recent decisions of the Supreme Court of I
tho United States^ and I will ask the Clerk
to read a short extract from the opinion of
that court in the case of ex parte Milligan and
others.
The Clerk read as follows :
"No graver question was ever considered by this
court, nor one which more nearly concerns the righta
of the whole people; lor it is the birthright of every
American citizen, when charged with crime, to be
tried and punished according to law. The power of
punishment is alone through the means which tho
laws have provided for that purpose; and if they are
ineffectual there is an immunity from punishment,
no matter how great an offeuder the individual may
be or how much his crimes may havo shocked tho
sense of justice of the country or deranged its safety.
By the protection of the law human rights are so-
cured; withdraw that protection, and they are at the
mercy of wicked rulers or the clamor of an cxcited
people.
" Time has proved the discernment of our ancestors,
for even these provisions, (referring to the provisions
of tho Constitution designed to piotect the personal
liberties of tile people,) expressed in such plain Eng-
lish words that it would seem the ingenuity of man
could not evade them, are now. after the lapse of more
than seventy years, sought to be avoided. Those great
nnd good men foresaw that troublous times would
arise when rulers and people would become restive
under restraint, and seek by sharp and decisive meas-
ures to accomplish ends deemed just and proper; and
that the principles of constitutional liberty would be
in peril unless established by irrepealable law. The
history of the world had taught them that what was
done in the past might be attempted in the future.
The Constitution of the United States is a law for
rulers and people equally in war and in peace,.and
covers with the shield of its protection all classe's of
men at all times and under all circumstances. No ,
doctrine involving more pernicious consequences was 1
ever invented by the wit of man than that any of its
provisions can be suspended duriug any of the great
exigencies of Government. Such a doctrine leads j
directly to anarchy or despotism; hut the theory of J
necessity on which it is based is false, for theGovern- j
inent within the Constitution has all the powers
granted to it which are necessary to preservoits ex- j
istence, as has been happily proved by the result of
the great effort to throw olf its just authority." I
Sir, that court decides that not even in time
of war can you try a citizen by a military com-
mission ; that the Constitution is as valid and
effective and binding in time of war as in time
of peace. !
It was intended to shield and protect the
right of the citizen, and you cannot depart
from it. That court decided there is ample
power within the limits of the Constitution for \
the Government of the United States to pro-
tect itself from assaults from within and with-
out, but that it must confine itself to the limits
prescribed by the Constitution. That court
nave decided that these military commissions
have no judicial power under our Government
either in time of peace or in time of war unless
so far as the persons in the Army are con-
cerned, yet this bill, in the face of that author-
ity, the supreme law of the land, attempts to
create a military court with powers superior to
the Supreme Court of the United States, supe- 1
rior to the executive department, superior to
everything except this Congress.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have presented the j
power which is attempted to be conferred upon !
this court and this Government, and I have
alluded to the constitutional provision which :
prohibits the exercise of this power by that
tribunal. I wish the members of this House
had lived for a few months under a military
government as I have lived for two or three
yearg. If you can find a human being of ordi-
nary sensibilities, who has lived under a mili-
tary government and prefers it, I would like
to see him. I lived under a military govern-
ment. a military despotism, for two years. I
saw the best citizens in the Commonwealth
in which I live dragged from their homes and
families, without charges of legal offense, and
confined in loathsome military dungeons and
prisons, without access to them by their friends,
a few favorite counselors and lawyers, who
hung around the military headquarters, being
the only ones who were allowed to approach
the unhappy victim. If any of the men who
were arrested could raise a few hundred or a
few thousand dollars and slip it into the hands
of those vampires calling themselves lawyers,
he was immediately released without charge
of crime or trial; but if he refused to contribute
to the amount of his ability, then he was left
to drag out a miserable existence in the mili-
tary prison.
The commander of the department of Ken-
tucky in 1864 had his headquarters in the dis-
trict I have the honor to represent, and I am
credibly informed he issued an order to the
provost marshals just before the November
election to arrest ten or twelve of the wealth-
iest and most influential citizens in their several
counties and to send them to his headquarters.
The provost marshals made arrests accord-
ingly. and they sent, the wealthy and influential
citizens to the headquarters of the department
commander, and they were confined in the
military prison. Why the arrest of wealthy
and influential citizens? If they did not have
the money themselves to take themselves otrt
of prison their friends would supply it. I have
been told on good authority that some men
were compelled to pay as high as $5,000 to be
released.
This same military chieftain established trade
regulations and appointed a board of trade
composed of traders, who of course would not
suffer any man to have a permit to come into
competition with them. These men realized by
extortions thousands and thousands of dollars,
and while they exult in the abundance of their
wealth they live under the condemnation and
curses of all just men.
These are some outlines of the characteristics
of military governments. We may have a
better set of military men now. I hope to God
it is so. No man who ever lived under a mili-
tary government wants to see it restored ; and
I am satisfied if this House could have lived
for a few months under military government,
and seen the operations of that sort of despot-
ism, this bill would not be passed.
But it is said this is intended for the rebels,
against whom the hatred of the so-called loyal
men seems to grow greater every day, and
which may grow until the last vestige of lib-
erty shall be overthrown. Do you suppose,
Mr. Speaker, you can enslave eight million
people in this Government and maintain the
liberties of the balance? If you enslave any
portion of our people you will endanger the
liberties of all, and the free institutions erected
by our fathers for their descendants, and
the oppressed of all nations. Let us pause
in our mad career, and bind up the bleed-
ing wounds that have been inflicted by this
most unnatural and unnecessary civil war.
Let us forgive as we would ask to be forgiven,
and that brave and noble people that now lie
pleading at our feet will rise up to shed re-
nown upon this mighty nation in the future
as they have done in the past.
How transient, how uncertain are all human
events! Yon may be in the plenitude of power
to-day and you may be ousted to-morrow.
And I hope to God if you do not cease these
outrages upon the people of the country, such
as -you propose here, such as are attempt-
ing to be inflicted by your Freedmen's Bureau
and your civil rights bills, that the time will
not be long before that army which the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Inoersoll] seemed to
think could not be raised, an army armed with
ballots and not with bayonets, will inarch to
the polls and hurl the advocates of this and its
kindred measures out of their places and fill
them with men who appreciate more highly and
justly the rights of citizens and of freemen,
with statesmen whose minds can grasp our
whole country and its rights and its wants, and
whose hearts are in sympathy with the noble,
the brave, and the just, whether they live inthe
sunny South or the ice-bound regions of the
North.
Government of Insurrectionary States.
REMARKS OF HON. F. A. PIKE,
OF MAINE,
Is the House of Representatives,
February 7, 1867.
The House having under consideration tho bill
(1I.R. No. 1143) to provide for the more effectual gov-
ernment of the insurrectionary States—
Mr. PIKE said:
Mr. Speaker; In the limited time awarded
to me I propose to make but two points.
First, it does not seem to me that the change
proposed to be made by this bill in the man-
agement of the southern States is so violent
as gentlemen on the other side would have
us suppose. They seem to believe that
now the people of those States govern them-
selves, but the truth is, since the suppression
of the rebellion, that is, since the surrender of
the rebel armies in 1865, the government of
those States has been virtually in the hands
of the President of the United States. Last-
session we called upon the President to furnish
to Congress the correspondence between him-
self and the Governors of the States lately in
insurrection. In that correspondence and
otherwise we have had officially from the
Executive a statement of his mode of dealing
with them, and it exhibits the fact that the
President, whenever lie has chosen to inter-
vene, has done so. He has authorized elec-
tions, and whenever disposed to abide the
results has done so; setting them aside when-
ever he wished. I need not mention the in-
stances ; they will occur to all gentlemen who
have read the public prints for the last two
years. New Orleans, Mobile, and Richmond
are those that occur to me just now. But the
general truth is that in all instances when-
ever the President has not been satisfied with
the result of an election or with the result of
legislative action in those States he has disre-
garded it. He, by virtue of his authority as
Chief Executive, Commander-in-Chief of the
armies of the LTnited States, assuming to
exercise within himself the power of the Gov-
ernment, has intervened and controlled those
States.
Pie began with the constitutional convention,
directing who should elect the members and
who should be erected. He followed it up by
instructing those conventions what laws they
should pass and what omit, declaring upon
what conditions he would allow the Governors
elected by the people of the States to exercise
the functions of the offices to which they had
been chosen. And since he has never ceased
for a moment to exercise the supreme control
whenever he saw fit, having it in his power to
cause them to adopt or reject the constitutional
amendments—he being undoubtedly responsi-
ble for their rejection by those States—or to do
any other act affecting their relations with the
General Government.
The proposition of this bill is to regulate and
define this fitful control so exercised by the
Executive. Instead of allowing him to govern
these States by his own mere moticn. it puts
the supreme control under the General and
higher officers of the Array. This authority is
not to be exercised freakishly, but only when
occasion calls for it. Courts, jurors, anfl le-
gislators are to understand that the people of
