1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
95
39th Cong .... 2d Sess.
Government of Insurrectionary States—Mr. Pike.
Ho. of Reps.
the United States expect them to deal justly
by all classes of the population and govern
themselves accordingly. When gentlemen on
the other side of the House come to reflect that
the bill does not transfer the government of
those States from the people to the officers of
the Army, but only from the President to those
officers, J. hope they will become better recon-
ciled to it than they now appear to be.
That is the first point I wish to make. The
second is that there is an urgent necessity for
action on the part of"Congress. And I submit
to the Houses two instances—representative in
character—which illustrate the necessity for
action.
The first is that of three soldiers stationed
in October, I860, in South Carolina. They
happened to be from my own State. They
were detailed to guard a small quantity of cot-
ton at a point on the Savannah river called
Brown's Ferry. Quiet, inoffensive, their good
conduct was testified to by the people of the
vicinity at a public meeting called Soon after
their murder. Indeed these young men seem
to have been guilty of no offense to anybody
except that of wearing the uniform of the
Republic.
These soldiers, so stationed, were set upon
by the owner of the cotton—one of the most
considerable men in that neighborhood—and
five others, were murdered in cold blood, and
thrown into the river. There was no alterca-
tion or provocation of any kind whatever.
The murder \*as deliberate and fiendish to the
last degree.
The men committing the crime were arrested,'
tried, and convicted before a military commis-
sion sitting at Charleston. The examination
of witnesses occupied some two months, and
every opportunity was given to the accused to
make a defense, the Government procuring
the attendance of their witnesses. Four of the
murderers were convicted, a fifth escaped
arrest, and the other was not identified by the
witnesses.
These convicts were imprisoned in Castle
Pinckney, thence transferred to the Dry Tortu-
gas, and thence by order of the President to
Fort Delaware, from which they were released
on habeas corpus by Judge Hall of the district
court.
Mr. COOPER. Let me ask the gentleman
a single question. The gentleman from Maine
states that these prisoners were removed from
the Dry Tortugas to Fort Delaware by author-
ity of the President. I ask the gentleman to
state whether he does not know the fact to be
that the Secretary of War assumes all the
responsibility for that removal as having been
done by himself?
Mr. PIKE. That is the fact. I make no
point on the President on this account. After
being released these men returned to their
place of residence at Anderson, in South Caro-
lina, and there they were received by a gen-
eral ovation of the people of the place. A
witness before the select committee appointed
*o examine into this case testified that the
opinion was universal in Anderson that the
men convicted were the murderers. But that
made no difference. The people turned out
and sanctioned the murder by welcoming the
murderers. And no step has since been taken
to punish these men. General Sickles, com-
manding that department, says that they would
he acquitted by a jury of the vicinage no matter
what the proof of their guilt.
The second instance is that given by General
Schofield in his testimony before the select com-
mittee I have referred to. The case has already
been given in the newspapers, but I prefer the
House should have it in an authentic form, and
so I ask the Clerk to read from the testimony
of General Schofield, who is well known to be no
radical. He says the Watson case is a "fair
type of a large number of cases in Virginia."
I send to the Clerk's desk the testimony of
General Schofichi.
The Clerk read as follows :
"This frcedman who was killed by Dr. Watson
was a servant of one of his neighbors, whose name I
do not recollect, lie was driving the family of his
employer to church on Sunday morning. Dr. Wat-
son's family were also being driven to church at the
same time by another colored man, neither gentle-
man being present. This colored mail attempted to
drive by the carriage of Dr. Wat-urn's family at a
point where the road was narrow and it was difficult
for the carriages to pass each other. In the attempt
to pass the carriages came in collision, the spoke
of one of the wheels in Dr. Watson's carriage was
broken. Probably his family were somewhat endan-
gered, but no one was injured. The carriages were
extricated and passed on to church. One, two, or
more daysafterward Dr. Watson called at the plant-
ation of his neighbor, where this colored man was
at work in the field, saw the employer and other
members of his family, and told them he had come
to chastise his ncsrro for the insult ofiorcd to his
family. Ho went into the field where the negro was
at work and commented caning him with a small
cane, asking him at the same time why lie ran against
his carriage, or something of the kind. The negro
started to run, the doctor called upon him to halt,
which I believe he did at first, the doctor pursuing
him, however, as if to continue his caning; the negro
man ran again; the doctor then drew his pistol,
snapped the cap. which exploded without igniting the
powder, and pulled the trigger again and fired, kill-
ing the negro, or rather wounding him so that he
died within a day or two. He attended the negro
himself, and also got another physician to examine
him. As soon as the wound proved fatal, he pre-
sented himself to a magistrate, and was bound over
to appear before what was called aft 'examining
court' in some small sum of five hundred or a thou-
sand dollars. He appeared before that court com-
posed of five magistrates. Tho facts were developed
pretty much as i have stated them, i think, by wit-
nesses before the court. Tho court decided to dis-
charge him, which discharge, under the laws of Vir-
ginia, is an acquittal and a bar against any further
prosecution or trial."
I do not select these because they are worse
than numerous other instances. They are not.
The records of the Freedmen's Bureau is full
of just such cases. An enormous number of
murders have been committed during the past
year in those States. Probably not less than
twelve to fifteen hundred soldiers, freedmen,
and Union men have been killed. It is almost
incredible that in any part of this country such
a condition of affairs should exist. But it is
not worth while to indulge in sentimental de-
nial when the facts are so well authenticated.
The select committee to which I have re-
ferred, in the exercise of the power conferred
on them by the House, called upon the depart-
ment commanders to state to them the condi-
tion of affairs within their respective com-
mands.
These States are divided into four depart-
ments : the Virginias are under General
Schofield j the Carolinas compose General
Sickles's department; General Thomas has
Kentucky, Tennessee, Georgia, Alabama, and
Mississippi; and General Sheridan Louisiana,
Arkansas, and Texas. Three of these gen-
tlemen and General Baird and General Wood,
who formerly had commands in those States,
have been before the committee. Their testi-
mony agrees in these important particulars:
1. Justice is denied practically to Union men
and freedmen, and offenses against them go
unpunished. There have been several instances
of the murder of soldiers, but no punishment
has been inflicted.
2. That up to this time there ha& been no
change for the better since the suppression of
the rebellion, but rather worse.
3. That unless substantial justice is done to
the laboring classes hereafter, and to the Union
men and northern men who desire to go there
to engage in business enterprises, no improve-
ment in the state of affairs can be expected.
4. The courts cannot be relied on—neither
magistrates nor jurors can be expected to deal
justly in cases between whites ana freedmen, or
between those who engaged iu the rebellion
and Union men.
6. So far as they have expressed an opinion
the department commanders favor a law like
that now before the House.
These gentlemen have had such excellent
opportunities for observation, and are so far
removed from temptatiou to partisan exagger- i
ation, that I call the attention of the House to
some extracts from their testimony, and ask
gentlemen to determine for themselves whether
the state of facts they exhibit does not call
for immediate action on the part of the Gen-
eral Government.
General Schofield was inquired of in regard
to the punishment of crimes committed against
freedmen in Virginia.
Question. What is the difficulty; is it in tho arrest
and presentment, or in the disposition of the men
who try them?
Answer. The difficulty w in the disposition of tho
magistrates and jurors. Where it is a civil question
alone, a question of money, uninfluenced by any other
question, i think they most always do justice to tho
heedmen; but where that question is affected by any
allegation upon the part of' white men of insubordi-
nation or disrespect or insolence upon the part of
the colored men, that allegation will justify him in
i the opinion of the local magistrate^ or jurors for in-
I flicting upon the freedmen any punishment he may
; see fit; either by driving them off the plantations
[ without wages, or, ad lias been done in some cases,
shooting them.
Practically if the employer on a plantation chooses
to drive a colored man offwithouthis wage.-, alleging
I that lie was insolent or insubordinate or neglectful
j of his duty, he is without remedy.
| The same question was put to General
[ Thomas.
Qttfivfion. What is the difficulty; i< it in failing to
arre-t the offenders, or in their trial?
Answer. A failing to arrest unless their attention
is called to it, and then tho trial is generally j-luuod
over.
Question. Does that observation pertain to all tho
States you have designated equally, Georgia.Missis-
sippi, Alabama, Kentucky, and portions of Tennes-
see?
Anrwer. The practice is about the same in each.
The sentiment of these different localities is about
the same; the prejudice against Union men and fieed-
men about the same.
Question. From your knowledge what should you
say would be the probability, if a murder was com-
mitted in that State (Georgia; by a white man upon
a frcedman, of his being brou'ht before a jury and
convicted ?
Answer. I do not believe there is much chancenf
convicting a rc&ideut or citizen of Georgia ior mur-
der if the victim was a Union man or a negio. If tho
murderer was a Union_ man or a negro they would
convict him very speedily, or it the man had moved
into Georgia since the war and was known as a north-
ern man or atJuion man.
Question. Can you suggest any remedy for this state
of things?
Antwcr. The remedy I would suggest would be tho
establishment of some supervisin g authority iu those
States, with power to advise and insist on the impar-
tial administration of justice, accompanied by asuffi-
cient force if necessary to induce the people to feel
that the authority is sufficient to enfoice its advice
or instructions.
Question. As time runs on, and ordinary justice is
denied to a large share of the people of these States,
is there a fair chance of the state of affairs then im-
proving?
Answer. I think not, because enterprising people,
knowing that state of affairs to exist in that country,
would be discouraged from going there and entering
into business. I do not think the people themselves
have either the energy or the disposition to under-
take legitimate enterprises; that is, enterpiise-i re-
sulting in the improvement of the condition of affairs
in the State and bringing wealth to the country.
Question. You think there must be a substantial
basis of justice to accomplish that?
Answer. Yes, sir.
General Sickles is still more emphatic in his
testimony. He says it will be impossible to
maintain our garrisons in the South unless ad-
ditional authority is given to the Army to arrest
aud punish offenses against soldiers.
General Sheridan's opinion is forcibly ex-
pressed in his report to General Grant in De-
cember, in which he says the trial of a south-
ern man for the murder of a negro in Texaa
would be a farce.
General Baird and General Wood, in their
testimony before the committee, concur with
General Thomas in his statement of the pres-
ent condition of affairs and the nature of the
remedy to be applied.
Aside from all humanitarian considerations,
I urge the House to consider that it is the wisest
political economy to protect labor. A Govern-
ment that allows its laborers to go without rem-
edy for the non-payment of wages, and even
to be shot with impunity for demanding them,
cannot expect ana should not have material
prosperity. God never has so dealt with any
nation, and never will.
