1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1465
to the time the government of Virginia was
removed from Wheeling to Alexandria it was
acknowledged by every department of this
Government. I know that the Senate admit-
ted into this body, with a fall understanding of
the whole ease, the Senators who had been
elected by the Legislature of Virginia when it
sat at Wheeling; and I know, moreover, as all
here know, that but for the unfortunate death
of Mr. Bowden, who resided in the Williams-
burg district in Virginia, he would have been
sitting among us at this time as a Senator from
Virginia, with two years of his term unexpired.
I know, therefore, from the records of Con-
gress, from the records of the executive de-
partment, and from a subsequent acknowledg-
ment by the Supreme Court itself, that at the
time the consent was given, which is the only
important matter in the view I am now taking,
the government of the State of Virginia was a
legal government and so acknowledged to be.
What I may do in reference to this preamble,
and what I may do with reference to the bill
itself if amended as proposed by the Senator
from Ohio, I am not now called upon to say ;
nor do I wish to take up the time of the Sen-
ate at this hour with any remarks as to my
views upon it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If there is any Sen-
ator upon this floor who knows of any change
in the government of Virginia since the act
passed by its Legislature which gave validity
and constitutionality to its assent for the for-
mation of West Virginia, which now makes it an
illegal government, certainly the Senator from
West Virginia is more acquainted with these
facts than any other gentleman here. When
West Virginia was admitted into the Union as
a sovereign, independent State, that admission
was advocated by my honorable friend upon
the ground that the Legislature of Virginia,
and the Government of Virginia, then exist-
ing, was a legal, constitutional Legislature,
and a legal, constitutional State. If any change
has since occurred which has rendered* the
Legislature of that State or the government
of that State illegal, it is, I think, due to this
body from that honorable Senator above ail
men on this floor to make that fact known to
this body. Living within the border of old
Virginia, " the mother of States and states-
men"—though now in ruins, still glorious,
noble Virginia—he should feel sufficient pride
in her noble character, now unrepresented on
this floor, to state to us any fact or circum-
stance with which he must be presumed to be
acquainted to show how she has forfeited that
relation ; and how it is that since she gave her
assent to the formation of the new State which
he so honorably and so ably represents on this
floor she has forfeited her State character.
What has she done since to forfeit her character
as a State in the Union or to render her
Legislature an illegal body ? There is no Sen-
ator on this floor who is to be presumed primat
facie to know of any such change so well as
my honorable and distinguished friend from
West Virginia. Have not her elections gone
on under the same laws, under the same* Con-
stitution without change or modification?
It will not do for my honorable friend to
claim that at the time the new State of West
Virginia was admitted into the Union oM Vir-
finia was a State, that she had a constitutional
legislature and a constitutional government,
and then to decline to enter into the discussion
whether she has any such constitutional gov-
ernment or constitutional Legislature now.
Sir, -when we shall have departed from these
Halls, when other men shall fill our places,
when we shall be known no more among men,
when the places that now know us shall know
us no more, the rising generation and future
generations will read our debates, and they will
ask and anxiously inquire what change has
transpired in the government, of old Virginia
since the admission of West Virginia which has
rendered her constitution, her government, and
her Legislature illegal now, when they were
legal then. What has occurred since the _pas-
s of that important act admitting my friend
to a seat on this floor to cause old, noble, glo-
rious Virginia to forfeit- her status in the Fed-
eral Union as a State? I call upon my honor-
able friend, therefore, if there be any facts or
circumstances within hia knowledge of that
character, to disclose them to the Senate and
not to tell us that he is not bound to enter into
the' consideration of that question now;
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Mr: President, I was
so long a resident of the State of Virginia un-
der the old organization of that State* that I
should regret that it should fall to me to say
anything that would seem to reflect upon it. I
rose on this occasion simply for the purpose
of stating my position in reference to this pre-
amble, and saying that I was satisfied with the
change that had been made, because it did not
refer to the time at which West Virginia was
separated from the old State. I will say, how-
ever, as the Senator from Delaware puts his
questions so closely, that actions have been
taken by the State of Virginia and by the Le-
gislature of Virginia since West Virginia sepa-
rated from her that did not at the time meet
my approval. How far they constitute illegal
acts; how far they go to invalidate the legality
of the government of that State, others must
judge. After that government removed to
Alexandria, it called a convention for amend-
ing its constitution. I had objections to that
course at the time. I strongly urged members
of the convention and of the Legislature not to
act in that way. They were representing but
a small number of counties, while the whole
State ought properly to have been consulted.
I thought they could have got along without
amending the constitution, and that they had
better defer it under the circumstances, the
then expectation being that there would be a
speedy restoration to Richmond. But they
amended their constitution at that time, and
they inserted in it a provision that—
" No one shall be allowed to vote who, when he
offers to vote, shall not thereupon take or shall not
before have taken the following oath."
And the oath prescribed, after binding the
affiant to uphold and advocate the government
of Virginia as restored by the convention which
met at Wheeling' on the 11th of June, 1861,
adds:
"That I have not since tho 1st day of January,
1864, voluntarily given aid or assistance in any way to
those in rebellion against the Government of the
United States for the purpose of promoting- tho
same."
It is well known that in the Legislature of
Virginia at this time are not only those who
cannot take that oath, but that they were
elected by voters who could not take it; and
I am sure—my colleague will be able to cor-
rect me if I am wrong—that oath was not set
aside by any convention of the people of Vir-
ginia. How precisely it was managed I do not
distinctly recollect; but 1 think it was by some
calling of the Legislature together; I do not
know whether it was by a legislative act or in
what form the oath was attempted to be got rid
of. I do not think that was a perfectly legal
act. How far it may tend to invalidate the
legality of the State government I will not say.
Mr. DAVIS. Allow me to ask the honora-
ble Senator the date of that amended constitu-
tion?
Mr. CONNESS. Is this in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Debate on
the main question is in order.
Mr. CONNESS. Is this debate on the main
question?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator makes a point of order the Chair will
decide it.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The ordinance pro-
viding for establishing the restored government
passed May 4, 1864. I have been called upon
to state what I believed in reference to^ this
matter. I now wish to add that from private
information communicated to mo from an
authentic source, I know that the law is not
administered in that State as it ought to be.
I know this particularly in reference to the
freedmen. I know that they are taken, tried
for petty and trivial offenses', and the utmost
penalty of the law is inflicted upon them. I
am happy to say in regard to my former fellow-
citizens that *1 am told this is not the fault of the
j udges nor tho fault of tho lawyers at the bar,
who frequently try to mitigate these penalties;
but it is the fault of the juries, uninstrueted
men probably. The administration of the
criminal law in Virginia is peculiar. In the'
first place, the juries are judges of both law
and fact; and in the second place, in every
case the jury fix the term of imprisonment, so
that the judge has no control whatever over'
it. I can give one instance. A negro whose
employer kept a tavern broke into the bar in
order to get some liquor, and he was taken up
and tried for burglary and sentenced to five years
in the penitentiary; and Governor Peirpoint
has had to exercise the pardoning power and
the mitigating power constantly and repeatedly.
Mr. BUCKALEW.. I did not intend to
provoke a discussion of this subject. I simply
asked a question for my own information. I
think the fact last stated by the Senator is
a pretty strong reason for assigning some
merit to the government of Virginia, for tho
Governor mitigates penalties.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The Governor, I
think, holds his office by a perfectly valid
election ; but his term of four years is about
expiring.
Mr. CONNESS. I trust I shall be par-
doned for suggesting that we lay over these
discussions about Virginia statutes and Virginia
authorities until we get through with the busi-
ness before us. It is rather trying to us to
engage in it on the Sabbath. I hope we shall
come to the main question.
Mr. DAVIS. I understood the honorable
Senator from West Virginia, in his statement
with relation to the administration of the law
in Virginia, to assert that the law was executed
with the extremest rigor. Did I understand
him to state that any jury, in trying the case
of any ne'gto, found a verdict in conflict with
and in opposition to the law ?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I did not say that;
but 1 say great injustice is done if juries in-
variably put a heavy punishment upon a slight
offense by a certain class of the population.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not think there is anj thing
in the statement of fact by the honorable Sen-
ator from West Virginia to authorize the pas-
sage of such a law as the Senate is now con-
sidering.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I have not said that.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator con-
cedes that the administration of justice there
by the juries in rendering their verdicts is in
conformity to tho letter of the law; but, his
position is that it is an excessive punishment.
If that be so, the law itself ought to be miti-
gated : certainly the juries are not censurable ;
and it is no reason for declaring that a govern-
ment is insufficient for the purposes of govern-
ment and must be set aside and another one
raised upon its ruins and substituted for it by
Congress, because juries find verdicts in con-
formity to the law i
But there is another idea suggested to me by
the remarks of the honorable Senator from
West Virginia. The objection by the majority
of the Senate to the continuance of Virginia in
tho Union after the act of rebellion is that by
the act of rebelling Virginia ceased to be^ a
State. That is the ground upon which all legis-
lation of this class has been placed by those who
advocate it. If that ground be true, what be-
comes of the State of West Virginia ? Virginia
had rebelled before ihe consent of the govern-
ment of Virginia or the pretended or seeming
government of Virginia was given to the erec-
tion of the State of West Virginia. The rebel-
lion of the State of Virginia by the authorities
of its government was a consummate act before
this consent was given by the State of Virginia
to the erection of West Virginia as a State. If,
then, the ground assumed by the majority in
the Senate be valid, and it authorizes the Senate
to treat the State of Virginia as dissolved and
as not being in existence at all at a. time pre-
vious to the givirig of consent to tho erection
