1466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
of West Virginia, how can the honorable Sen-
ator support a measure that sweeps that State
from existence at the very time it was attempt-
ing to give its consent to the erection of West
Virginia?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. It gave its assent two
years before the making of the constitution to
which I referred.
Mr. DAVIS. That I admit; but the con-
sent that was given was after the fact of rebel-
lion ; that is the point I make, and that is the
material point, i'he honorable Senator does
not controvert that the consent of Virginia to
the erection of the new State of West Virginia
was given after the rebellion of the State of
Virginia occurred and after the promulgation
of the act of secession by the Stpite of Vir-
ginia.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I wish to remind the
Senator from Kentucky of what I said when I
first rose. I stated that three years ago I had
gone over the whole question of the admission
of the State of West Virginia, and I did not
think it necessary to go over it again in the
Senate. I stated that I believed all that was
done then to have been constitutional and
legal; that it had had the approbation of I
thought every department of the Government,
and that it had the sanction of most illustrious
precedents. I have that speech here; the
gentleman can read it if he chooses. I shall
not occupy the time of the Senate in going over
ground I have heretofore presented.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator has
not yet reached the point of objection which I
make. It is simply this: if the theory or the
assumed principle upon which the measure
now before the Senate has been framed be true,
which is that Virginia by her ordinance of
secession ceased to be a State of the Union,
that secession having occurred before the con-
sent which Virginia is said to have given to
the erection of the State of West Virginia, the
honorable Senator cannot sustain the measure
now before the Senate and at the same time
insist upon the validity of the consent which
Virginia after the act of secession gave to the
erection of the new State of West Virginia.
Mr. WILLEY. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him whether I correctly understood him
that Virginia by the act of secession thereby
ceased to be a State in the Union ?
_ Mr. DAVIS. I have made no such admis-
sion ; but I have stated that that was the prin-
ciple upon which the bill before the Senate was
based by its friends. I said the act of secession
amounted to nothing ; it was simply void then
and now for every purpose; but the friends of
this measure claim the act of secession to be
a sufficient ground for the introduction of the
bill which the Senate now has under consider-
ation. My position is that if the act of seces-
sion was sufficient for the purpose of dissolving
the State, the honorable Senator from West
Virginia cannot make that concession and at
the same time say that the State of Virginia
existed after the act of secession for the pur-
pose of giving her conscnt to the erection of
West Virginia as a State.
Mr. President, I was struck with the perti-
nent and most sensible criticism of the Senator
from Minnesota [Mr. Norton] upon this pre-
amble. I agree with him that the preamble is
false in fact and false in inference. I am not
going to repeat the remarks which ho made
to prove that position, but I will make a
statement of one or two facts auxiliary to his
position.
The honorable Senators from Massachusetts
have told us again and again, and have read
letters here by the score declaring that life and
property were not safe in the southern States,
that especially the lives of Union men in those
States were not safe. They have studiously
and perseveringly withheld the names of the
writers of those letters from the knowledge of
the Senate. Instead of frankly laying them
before the Senate, they have studiously with-
held them. The honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, now in his place, [Mr. Wilson,]
has done so iu a number of instances, and a
day or two since he gave a statement or table
of cases in which, as he said, justice had not
been administered'according to law in the
southern States. The number was very large.
He and his colleague have time and again read
to the Senate, without reading the names of the
writers, letters giving accounts of violations of
law and of right in the southern States. I re-
garded and still regard these letters as fictions,
as the merest fabrications and falsifications, and
I say so for this reason: the writers of these letters
have amounted, not only to scores, but to hun-
dreds, and they were written from communities
in regard to which it was said that a knowledge
of these letters and of the names of the writers
could not be made known without peril to their
persons and lives. Now it is morally certain
that in many cases the writers of these letters
were known in the communities in which they
lived. Nobody can doubt that general fact.
Amidst the writers of so many letters, hundreds
of them, from communities hostile to the wri-
ters themselves and to the statements they
were giving in those letters, it would be impos-
sible that that number of letters should have
been written and many of the writers not have
become known to the hostile people among
whom they lived. Now, has either of the Sen-
ators from Massachusetts given us an example
of any case where any writer of any such letter
has lost his life, where any writer of such let-
ters has been assassinated or murdered, or
where any personal violence has been perpe-
trated upon any one of them? The absence
of all allegations that any of these consequences
came to the writers of these letters is to my
mind most satisfactory and conclusive evidence
that the state of feeling, of society, of ven-
geance, and of violence and bloodshed that
these letters represented to exist in the States
from whence they were written did not in fact
exist.
But, Mr. President, I have some other evi-
dence bearing upon that point. There was a
General Clinton Pisk that commanded at the
post at Lexington, Kentucky, some year or
two ago. He had previously been a Methodist
preacher. He was one of the preacher-war-
riors, so many of whom entered into this war,
not to assuage its fury or cruelties, but to
aggravate ana inflame them. This General
Fisk went from Lexington to the city of Cin-
cinnati, and there made a public speech, in
which he described the condition of things in
Lexington, and in that speech, as reported in
the Cincinnati Commercial, a paper friendly
to the speaker and to his policy and principles,
was this passage:
"Only the day before yesterday, in Lexington,
thirteen discharged colorod soldiers stood in the
street, in full sight of Henry Clay's monument, with
their bodies lacerated, their backs bleeding from the
cruel lash, their heads out to the scalp, and one or
two of them with their eye put out; and what for
do you suppose? Simply for going to their former
masters and asking for their wives and children. I
appealed to the civil authorities in their behalf, but
was told that there was no law in Kentucky to help
them."
Sir, was there evera more atrocious statement
embodied in as few Words? If it were true,
it was disgraceful not ouly to the community
of Lexington, but to the State and to the age ;
it revealed a state of violence and of crime as
revolting as any I ever have read. But it
turned out—I have the evidence before me—
that there was not a word of truth in this pas-
sage from the speech of General Pisk. Madi-
son Johnson, the sheriff of Lexington, himself
a Radical, and other men of character and
truth, went to work and inquired diligently for
the fact whether such enormous crimes as these
again st the law and against humanity had been
perpetrated in Lexington, and they could not
find a vestige of truth in the charge; they could
not find a solitary fact upon which to base it.
The Legislature of Kentucky was then in ses-
sion. This speech from which I have read
reached the members of that Legislature. They
immediately raised a committee of investiga-
tion to inquire into the truth of the charge.
That committee immediately summoned Gen-
eral Fisk to appear before it. It was allowed to
sit during the sessions of the Legislature; it sent
him citations and information time and again
when it would hold its sittings and invited him to
appear before it and to make good his state-
ments ; but General Pisk could never be got
to appear before the committee. He failed to
appear when challenged to come and to prove
the foul libel which he had uttered in the city
of Cincinnati upon Lexington, upon the State
of Kentucky, and upon the judiciary of the
State, for he said that he had appealed to the
proper authorities for the redress of such enor-
mities and that they had refused, saying there
was no law in Kentucky to punish them. The
latter proposition is utterly false; the whole
statement is false in all its points. There have
been laws in Kentucky from the beginning of
the State to punish such wrongs and outrages
upon negroes, and no magistrates and no peo-
ple could be more prompt to give full redress
to negroes who had been injured and outraged
in the mode in which that parson-general in
his slanderous charges against Kentucky de-
nounced the people and the State for. Every
word of it was untrue.
If a Methodist preacher and a general m the
servicc in command of such a place as a mili-
tary post as Lexington could have the audacity
to go to the city of Cincinnati and make a
speech in which he uttered such charges against
that people and that State and against the
magistracy and the laws of that State, and on
i)eing challenged for their truth would not come
forward to make good his charges, and when
they turn out to be, and are proved to be,
entirely false and atrocious, as they are, how
can these anonymous letters from the South
making charges of such violations of law, such
violence, such outrages and crimes as figure in
the correspondence of the two Senators from
Massachusetts be believed? They are not true.
I know men living m the South, I have seen
hundreds of them since these charges were first
made. We have heard the disclosures in this
debate in relation to the order and observance
of law in these States as a general rule. That
there are acts of violence and crime in the
southern States no man can deny; such things
occur in all the States. A looseness, a viola-
tion of law, a proneness to commit crime and
to indulge in deeds of violence and blood, are
the natural fruits of war, and especially of civil
war. They are the natural consequences that
have resulted from this war; but sporadic cases
of murder, of cruelty, of flagrant aggression on
the rights of others exist all over the United
States. They do not exist in greater numbers
at the South than at the North. Indeed, I do
not believe, judging by the statements in the
newspapers, that they are anything like as
numerous. I believe that in the State of New
York there are more outrages and crimes of
that character than in any half dozen southern
States.
Mr. President, I simply rose to enter my
protest against any authority, any credence
being given to these anonymous letters ; and I
have adduced some evidence of that kind here
for the purpose of furnishing a test and a rule
by which the value of such statements may be
ascertained.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Minnesota [Mr. Norton] to the first section
of the amendment of the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Sherman.]
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio, as a substitute for the original bill
after the enacting clause.
Mr. WILSON. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am not ;n favor of
the original, bill, nor of the substitute as an
independent measure; but deeming the sub-
stitute less objectionable than the bill I shall
vote for it as an amendment.
