tm
102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
can grasp in order to drag it into the sphere of
taxation.
_ Now, I think we should be better employed
if we declined to tax a large number of articles
which, it is proposed to tax, and brought our
taxation to bear on a few important articles
which we should make contribute substantially
to the resources of the country. The tax that
is now proposed will contribute nothing of
any real substance to the resources of the
country, while to my view it is not creditable.
That is my opinion. I say it frankly; I can-
not help saying it, because I think it. It is
not creditable to the civilization of out age,
and least of'all is it creditable to the civiliza-
tion of a Republic?
That is my conviction. As often as I have
thought of this question, I cannot see it in any
other light; and I do think that money derived
from such a quarter can only be vindicated on
the principle of the ancient Roman emperor,
who said, " Money from any quarter, no mat-
ter what it may be, for money does not smell."
Now, it were better if we, instead of hunting
up all of these several articles for taxation,
running them down like game in order to bag
them in the public Treasury, should confine
ourselves to the great subjects, and make them
productive. There are enough of them, and
we can have revenue enough. Let us have all
the revenue that we want; and having it, let
us be hospitable to literature, to knowlege, to
art; and now let me say, let us be hospitable
to books, because through books you will ob-
tain what you desire in literature, in knowledge,
and in art.
Mr. HOWARD. If the principle which the
honorable Senator insists upon be a correct
one, I desire to ask him why he would limit
the subject to the year 1840 ?
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator wishes I
will answer. I have already stated that I took
the date of 1840, because I found it in the bill;
it had been selected bv the committee as the
dividing line between different scales of taxa-
tion. I supposed, therefore, it had passed
under the consideration of the committee, and
I did not think it worth while to interfere with
it. Then, as the Senator will see, between
now and 1840 is near a generation; and it
seemed to me that any work published one
generation ago was so far removed that it could
not interfere with what I call the practical in-
terests of the book trade.
Mr. HOWARD. If the general proposition
be true, that books imported into this country
ought not to be taxed, the principle applies as
well to books published since 1840 as to books
published before 1840. I can see no reason
whatever for drawing the line of demarkation
between the two descriptions of books in the
manner suggested by the gentleman's amend-
ment. But, sir, in point of fact there is no
such principle according to my judgment. I
do not see any good reason in politics or mor-
als why we should exempt books published in
a foreign country entirely from taxation. I do
not tliiuk there is any. If there be any force
or validity in the idea of protection to our own
domestic industries, there is as much neces-
sity I apprehend for extending that protection
to. American publishing houses as to any other
branch of American industry. Why not?
And, sir, I do not admit the principle that a
tax upon books or maps or engravings is a tax
upon knowledge. It is very easy, and there is
no gentleman more dexterous at it than my
friend from Massachusetts, to invent phrases;
and he has furnished the Senate with a repeti-
tion upon this occasion of what he has done
heretofore very frequently, by using this term,
"a tax upon knowledge." I agree entirely
with the views taken of this matter by my friend
from Indiana, [Mr. Lane.] We tax almost
every article that enters into the comfort and
even subsistence of the school-boy or school-
girl who attends the primary school, and the
gentleman from Massachusetts makes no com-
plaint against this; but when we undertake to
tax foreign literature, books published in a
January 24,
foreign country, nofe$*e of which ever finds
its way into a common school in this country,
the Senator from Massachusetts makes the
outcry, that we are taxing knowledge! I do
not so understand it.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator does not mean
to do me injustice; but of course he does not
remember my votes here. I have always voted
and spoken against any tax on school-books.
We have taxed in our internal taxation school-
books. To my mind the tax igas odious; it
was almost like the word " white" in a consti-
tution.
Mr. HOWARD. I had not stated that the
Senator from Massachusetts was in favor of tax-
ing school-books, but I can draw no distinction
myself, so far as taxation is concerned, between
the ordinary means of subsisting a family and
the means of giving that family an education
at the common school or anywhere else. The
phrase "a tax upon knowledge" has in my
view very little meaning, and still it is one of
those pleasant phrases which undoubtedly will
ha,ve its effect in some quarters upon the public
mind. If we are to raise a tax for the purpose
of paying our debts, I am in favor of imposing
that tax as equally as practicable upon all the
branches of industry and production in the
country; and I see no reason under Heaven,
and think there is no reason, why foreign books
published before 1840 or after 1840 should be
entirely exempt from taxation. As to the
amount of revenue to be derived from that
source, I know but very little about it. I
know, however, that some revenue would be
derived from it, a2d that is sufficient for me.
The Senator from Massachusetts says that
such a tax is a tax upon knowledge. Well,
sir, the knowledge of books and the use.of
books is not the only knowledge pertaining to
the human mind. Books are not the only
means of knowledge communicated to the
mind. Mathematical and philosophical in-
struments in the world of science are as neces-
sary, let me say to the learned Senator, as
books, and still this bill now before us imposes
upon philosophical and mathematical instru-
ments a duty of thirty-five per cent, ad va-
lorem. Why does not the Senator complain of
this? Is it not as necessary that our colleges
and our lecture-rooms should be supplied with
mathematical and philosophical instruments as
that their libraries should be filled with foreign
publications?
Mr. SUMNER. I intend to move an amend-
ment on that point.
Mr. HOWARD. I dare say the Senator will
move it. I should expect it as a matter of
course; it would be entirely in harmony with
his other motions; but I shall vote against all
such motions, as I do against his motion to
exempt maps and charts and engravings. The
thing, in my mind, is absurd, and I shall there-
fore vote against his contemplated proposition
as I shall against his pending one.
Mr. RAMSEY. We were told yesterday by
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] who
is a member of the Committee on Finance,
and has had some connection with this tariff
bill, that the raising of revenue by increased
duties on imported goods is not a matter of
choice, but a matter of necessity; it is the tax
which the patriotism of the country is called
upon to pay to its necessities; and hence all
the industries of the country must be taxed.
The poor man in all his consumption and in all
his avocations is compelled to contribute to
these necessities caused-principally by the de-
rangement of the currency and the large in-
ternal taxation. This may not be so plain
to many of our people who are called on to
contribute their respective proportions, small
though the mite of some may be, to the revenue
which this bill provides for. It is not very plain
to my own mind after listening to the argument
which we heard this morning from the honor-
able Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes.] It
is evident from what he said that he, at least,
has serious doubts about it.
But, sir, there must be a large, intelligent,
and wealthy class in this country, who ought
to appreciate this fact, and I think it .ia that
body of men that the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts in his several amendments here
this morning is representing. They, if any of
our people, ought to appreciate the necessi-
ties of the country above all others; and if
they are exempted it would seem to be very
unfair to tax the less intelligent and less
favored portion of the people. If any sacri-
fice is to be made, they can appreciate the
necessity and are better able to endure it,
and they ought to be the last to be putting in
this perpetual claiiji for exemption.
I am the more strongly fixed in these views
by a further reason: that as the revenue is ne-
cessary, if we exempt the rich we put greater
burdens on those who are not so well able to
bear them. A wise adjustment of the obliga-
tions which all owe to the Government to sus-
tain it and to relieve it from the indebtedness
which unfortunate circumstances have com-
pelled it to incur is not only consistent with
the lightening of the burden of those who have
been less favored by fortune, but it is a duty
on statesmen to see that labor is not crippled
in its exertions while wealth is insensible to
the hand of Government. Exempt the rich
and injustice is done to the poor, for in that
proportion you increase their taxes and de-
press their energies. You magnify the claim
of the Government upon them and diminish
the means by which they earn the necessaries
of life. If inequality be admitted the discrim-
ination should be adjusted in proportion to the
means to contribute, property should pay for
its protection, and industry should be fostered
and labor cherished.
^'"ith these views I shall certainly vote against
this amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, as I have voted against the others
which he has proposed to-day.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
■•Mr. KIRKWOOD. I desire to ascertain if
I am correct in the memorandum I have made
with reference to this matter. I understand
that the present tariff imposes a duty of twenty-
five per cent, on the books now proposed to
be exempted by the Senator from Massachu-
Mr. FESSENDEN. Fifteen per cent.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. No; that is the pro-
posed tariff as reported by the Committee on
Finance, but the present tariff is twenty-five
per cent., I think.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is right.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. By looking at the re-
port submitted by Commissioner Wells it will
be seen that in the tabular statement in which
he gives the present tariff the rates imposed
by the House bill of last year and the pro-
posed rates by his bill these books, which by
the present tariff pay twenty-five per cent., are
placed in the House bill at twenty per cent.,
and he proposed fifteen per cent., which rate
the committee have adopted. Thus it is ap-
parent that if the bill passes in the form pro-
posed by the committee it is a reduction of
ten per cent, on the existing rates of duty on
these articles. I think the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts should be content with that. If he
gets the rate reduced from twenty-five to fif-
teen per cent., when the taxes on everything
we eat and wear are being raised twenty, thirty,
forty, or fifty per cent., I think that he ought
to be content.
Mr. SUMNER. Personally I am content
with anything. I am trying to do what I think
best for the people. I may be mistaken in my
judgment; and when I see so many distin-
guished Senators so earnestly differing from
me I certainly am led to call in question ray
conclusions; and yet considerable reflection
and some experience in dealing with this ques-
tion have always brought me around, if I may
say so, still more strongly than ever before to
the same unalterable conclusion. I feel that
in imposing this tax you make a great mistake.
The tax is small. When I say that it is a
