1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
great mistake I mean that it is because it ia
a bad example, and because just to the extent
of its influence it keeps knowledge out of the
country. However, I will not say anything
more on that head.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 5, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Dixon, Fowler, Patterson, Biddle,
and Sumner—5.
NAYS-^Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cattell, Con-
fess, Cragin, Creswell, Doolittle, Edmunds, Fessen-
den, Fogg, Foster, Frelinghuysen, Harris, Hendricks,
Howard, Howe, Johnson, Kirkwood, Lane, Morgan,
Nesmith, Norton, Poland, Ramsey, Sprague, Stew-
art, Trumbull. Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, Williams,
and Wilson1—32.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Cowan* Davis,
Grimes, Guthrie, Henderson, McDougalt, Morrill,
Nye, Pomeroy, Ross, Saulsbury, Sherman, and
Yates—15.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I now propose to put
mathematical instruments and philosophical
apparatus, imported expressly and in good faith
for any public, scientific, or collegiate institu-
tion, on the free list, by inserting on page 102,
between lines ninety-eight and ninety-nine of
section eighteen, these words:
Mathematical and philosophical apparatus im-
ported expressly and in good faith for any public,
scientific, or collegiate institution, incorporated or
established by the United States or by any State,
city, or town. .,
Without some such provision tie Smithson-
ian Institution here in Washington, and col-
leges and other public institutions throughout
will be obliged to pay a tax. ?hat is the whole
case.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a double ob-
ject here: first, to raise revenue, and second,
to protect our own manufacturers.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I move to amend'the
amendment of the committee by inserting after
" basswood" in line nine of section sixteen, on
page 93, these words:
And fencing-boarda of whatever material, from
twelve to sixteen feet in length, not more than one
inch m thickness, and not more than six inches in
width.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear
some explanation of that.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. In section sixteen it is
provided that there shall be a duty of one dol-
lar per thousand feet'' on sawed boards, plank,
deals, and other lumber of spruce, hemlock,
whitewood, und basswood." It is further pro-
vided in the same section that "on all other
varieties of sawed lumber" there shall be a
duty of two dollars per thousand feet, board
measure. In the State where I live, it is well
known perhaps to all members of the Senate,
timber is very scarce. Pine lumber is mainly
our fencing material. By the bill as it now
stands pine lumber for fencing is taxed at two
dollars per thousaad feet. If the amendment
which I offer shall prevail it will be taxed at
one dollar per thousand feet.
It seems to me that this should be done.
Fencing the prairie is a very expensive item to
those who are making farms upon it. Without
fencing we cannot produce grain. In order to
fence our lands we must have pine. I do not
see why basswood boards should come in at
one dollar a thousand and pine boards at two
dollars. Let us have the material we use for
fencing our farms on the prairie and producing
the grain you eat at as low a rate as we can
have it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to inquire
of the Senator if the people of Iowa use im-
ported pine lumber for fencing purposes, or do
they use the lumber produced in this country?
Mr. KIRKWOOD. We use pine almost
exclusively, a large proportion of which I
understand is brought from Canada to Chicago
and then sent by railroad to our State. We
do not ask that lumber for all purposes shall
be thus favored; but it seems to me that fencing
lumber alone, that which is essential to us in
the production of our products, should be
placed as low as any other lumber that is pro-
duced.^ I have shown the Senate the discrim-
ination that is made by the section as it stands;
the first clause whieh 1 read imposes one dollar
per thousand feet 'on spruce, hemlock, white-
wood, and basswood lumber, and excludes that
material which we use exclusively for fencing—
pine. I propose to insert that in that class.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This matter is inter-
esting to several sections of the country where
they wish some protection upon lumber. We
have already reduced the duty upon all varie-
ties of lumber in point of fact somewhat from
the existing tariff, and that is owing to the fact
that so large a proportion of the community
are interested in lumber for building purposes
as well as other purposes all through the
country. My own State is a lumber-producing
region. The lumber from the adjacent Prov-
inces of New Brunswfck and Canada comes
directly in competition with ours. And yet in
considering this question, taking the interests
of the whole country into view, the duties upon
lumber should be placed as low as they can be
placed consistent with affording a reasonable
protection, considering the different rates paid
' for labor in our country and in the adjacent
Provinces; and they are fixed therefore at the
rates specified in the bill. The Senate will
notice that on ho description of pine does the
existing tariff levy a duty below two dollars,
and in some cases on some particular varieties
it is carried up to three dollars. This bill
brings it all down to two dollars.
But the great objection to the position as-
sumed by the honorable Senator is this: sup-
posing that there was any reason to discrimi-
nate between fencing lumber and lumber im-
ported for the purpose of erecting houses, it
would be very difficult to tell what kind of
lumber was used exclusively for fencing and
for nothing else ; and when the pine lumber
was imported it could be used for almost any
purpose.-
Mr. KIRKWOOD. My amendment de-
scribes the lumber fencing-boards from twelve
to sixteen feet in length, not more than one
inch in thickness and not more than six inches
in width.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But when that kind of
lumber was got in it could be used for a great
many purposes besides fencing. The result
might be to cover the West with imported pine
lumber nominally to be used for fencing, but
which would answer almost every conceivable
use for finishing purposes in connection with
buildings. It is very obvious that there should
be a discrimination between the other kinds of
lumber that are mentioned and pine. Pine is
the most valuable for building purposes, the
most valuable for all sorts of finishing. I can-
not conceive why you should give to the farmers
of the West a particular benefit with regard to
fencing whieh you do not give them with re-
gard to their houses. The first thing a man
who emigrates to the West wants is a building
to cover himself and his family and to live in.
It is not proposed to relieve him from taxation
upon- the articles that, enter into his house;
but when he gets his house built, with every-
thing comfortable about him, and when he
comes to fencing in his land when he grows
richer, you want to put the wood that he uses
for fencing in the lower grade of duty.
The only way in which you can regulate the
matter in order to prevent frauds is to describe
the particular kind of lumber, so that there can
be no mistake about it. The moment you
begin to say that lumber of a particular descrip-
tion may be imported for some purposes and
not for others, especially pine of the kind the
Senator describes, which could be used for
finishing purposes to a very great extent, you
have no protection whatever.
The only way the Senator's object could be
accomplished would be to give a drawback on
the ground that fencing was so important that it
should be particularly benefited and patronized,
and provide that where a man had erected
fences with imported pine lumber and could
prove to the satisfaction of the collector that I
he had used it for fencing he might have a
drawback. If you carry the system of draw?
backs to the prairies, I doubt very much whether,
in the state of the collection districts in .that
region, it would be very easy to avoid the con-
sequences which I have pointed out.
The only distinction, and a distinction which
is run always in these bills in laying the duties
upon lumber, is to distinguish the different
kinds of lumber. Some are cheap, common,
and do not pay and cannot pay so heavy a duty as
others. Other lumber, like pine, is well known
and its uses are well known.'
I trust the amendment will not be adopted,
because it would create infinite confusion in the
collection of the duties ; it would lead to innu-
merable frauds; it would be impossible to draw
the distinction attempted to be made, and
there is no reason why pine for one purpose
should come in at a lower rate of duty than
pine for any other purpose; why those who
use it to build houses should pay more than
those who use it to make fences.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I certainly should be
very glad to have the assistance of the Senator
from Maine in reducing the duty upon build-
ing lumber as well as on fencing lumber;
and if it will secure his support to the amend*
ment I will modify it so as to cover ordinary
lumber for building purposes as well as pine
for fencing purposes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In that case you might
as well take off all the duties, and then our
lumbermen would have no protection. That
would be the result of it. They are entitled
to a reasonable protection.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. This tariff bill, as I un-
derstand it, is framed on the principle of en-
deavoring to give protection to all parts of the
country, and do justice to all parts of the coun-
try, so far as it can be done in framing a bill
of this kind. I listened with considerable in-
terest to the remarks of my colleague this
morning, in which he endeavored to show to
the Senate that the effect of thisrtiill would be
injurious to our people. I am free to say that
I am not satisfied on that point, and have not
yet determined how I shall cast my vote on the
bill. The general tendency of the bill, how-
ever, so far as we are concerned, is to tax
everything we use, and to afford very little pro-
tection to anything we produce, save and ex-
cept the single article of wool.
Our position, as I before said, is somewhat
peculiar with reference to timber. It is scarce,
exceedingly scarce with us. We build our
houses of sawed logs or lumber; we build
almost all our fences with sawed logs or lum-
ber. If, while you are taxing everything we
use otherwise so highly, you impose heavy tax-
ation on the material out of which we build our
houses and our fences, I am afraid our people
will become restless under the operation of
such a bill.
-The Senator from Maine thinks that my
amendment would open the door for the intro-
duction of pine lumber for building purposes.
I think that cannot be. In looking over the
quotations of lumber in Chicago and elsewhere
I find that "fencing" is a distinct description
of lumber by itself. It is recognized in the
trade, and my amendment describes the par-
ticular quality of lumber, the particular length,
and particular width. It is true, lumber of tho
same description may be used for flooring;
but it will be a great relief to our people if the
amendment I have offered should prevail.
There is another consideration. Our pine
forests are becoming rapidly exhausted. The
pine forests of Michigan and Wisconsin are
becoming rapidly exhausted. Where shall we
get lumber? Will it not be the part of wisdom
to encourage the introduction of lumber from
other countries and save our own ?
It seems to me that these considerations are
sufficient to justify the adoption of the amend-
ment I have offered.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope this amendment
will not be adopted. I look upon the bill as it
stands in this respect as too' low, and I intended
to move that this rate be raised to three dol-
