1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39th Coxu....2d Sess.
Government of Insurrectionary States—Mr. Farnsicorth.
Ho. of Keps.
nullities. Being contrary to the laws and the j
Constitution of the United States, which are 1
supro.ne, those ordinances or decrees could
have no effect to dissolve the connection of
those States with the Government of the United
States: they could not release or discharge
them from their obligation to obey that Con-
stitution and those laws, nor could they have
the effect of depriving those States of their
reserved powers of local self-government, nor
of the rights, immunities and privileges secured
to them equally with all the other States by
the Constitution of the United States. That
is my opinion of the law of the case.
If they had gone on and succeeded in dis-
severing their connection with the Union by
force, that would have been a breach of the
Constitution successfully accomplished by
means of a revolution.
Our action as Colonies in severing our con-
nection with England was revolutionary. The
law of the case was against us. We were le-
gally subjected and owed allegiance to the Gov-
ernment of England. The King of England
was King of the Colonies. And the Declara-
tion of Independence would have been null and
void, the Articles of Confederation would have
been of no force or effect legally, except that
validity and force were given to both by a suc-
cessful application and use of military power,
acquiesced in finally by England herself. But
that was not the case in the southern States.
There was no successful application of force
either by them or by the Government of the
United States.
And, sir, the contrary opinion involves those
holding it in these difficulties: if these States
are out of the Union—you do not admit or
contend that they got out by force of arms—
by virtue of their civil proceedings, by their
enactments in conventions and Legislatures,
and by the votes of their people they got out
of the Union, then they are still out of the
Union. And if you maintain, then, that because
they are not States in the Union they are
deprived of all the rights of States, including
that of representation, under the Constitution
of the United States, then they are relieved
from all obligation to obey that Constitution.
And you have no right any longer to govern
them, because you can only govern them as
States ; and as States to be governed under and
by virtue of the Constitution they must have
representation.
If they be not in the Union, then they are
out as independent States. In such case they
are not bound by the laws or Constitution ot
the United States, and the President would
have no authority to appoint their Governors,
nor would Congress have power to bind them
by its enactments. But if these States are in
the Union, they are entitled to representation
in Congress and to the right of local self-gov-
ernment, and the President would have no
right to appoint their Governors nor Congress
the power to establish, alter, or overthrow their
local governments. The Congress of the Uni-
ted States has the power to admit new States j
but I want to know if there is any power to put
States out of the Union by war or in any other
way? And if you cannot put them out, if there
is no constitutional authority to eject them from
the Union as States, then you have no right or
authority to deprive them of their representa-
tion as States. Now, I admit that Congress
did not at first expel them, but that they at-
tempted to go out. Some lawyers on this floor
concede that the Constitution is a compact
between States, a treaty between the several
States contracting with one another; and they
concede that all these ordinances are null and
void by reason of the fact that they were con-
trary to and in violation of the compact or Con-
stitution of the United States, because that
Constitution and the laws made in pursuance
of it are supreme and in direct opposition to
euch legislation.
Government of Insurrectionary States.
SPEECH OF HON. J. F. FARNSWORTH,
OF ILLINOIS,
In the House of Representatives,
February 7, 1867.
The House having under consideration the bill (H.
It. No. 1143) to provide for the more effectual govern-
ment of the insurrectionary States—
Mr. FARNSWORTH said:
Mr. Speaker: The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Le Blond] stated that it seemed to
him that it would be the death-knell to civil
liberty if we pass this bill. Sir, if civil liberty
means the right to slaughter and slay and de-
spoil at pleasure then I trust this is the death-
knell to it. This bill was framed for the pur-
pose of protecting the people of the disorgan-
ized States, all the people, in their rights.
The necessity of the bill is found in the fact
that no such protection is found in the ten dis-
organized States at the present time, afforded
by the courts, or by any civil tribunal.
The power of the courts, and of such' gov-
ernments as they have in those States, is in the
hands of disloyal, unrepentant rebels, who still
have the same virus and the same hatred of
the institutions of our country that they had
during the war.
I am glad that my colleague on the select
committee to inquire into some of these dis-
orders [Mr. Pike] has called the attention
of the House, and of the country, to some of i
the testimony which we have taken, and I pro- |
I pose to present to the House some other oi the
testimony he had not time to read. _ i
I take it that it is no longer a question of
doubt it cannot be skulked or avoided or de- j
nied, that the loyal men, the Union_ soldiers
.and the freedmen, in these disorganized and
disloyal States are not protected. They are |
murdered with impunity; they are despoiled
of their goods and their property; they are
banished, scattered, driven from the country.
I know that some newspapers and some pol-
iticians have been in the habit of denying all
this. They state that what we are told by ref-
ugees, by these exiles from those States, is all
false; that they are made-up reports to effect
northern sentiment; that there are designing
men traveling north forthe purpose of exciting
sympathy with their tales of suffering, and that
there is no foundation for their reports. But
when the military authorities, all with one ac-
cord, unite in telling us that there is no pro-
tection for life and property there is no longer
any reasonable doubt. _ We have testimony
that unless the military is clothed with some
additional authority there the United States
garrisons and troops will have to be withdrawn.
Why? Because if a soldier is brutally mur-
dered, and the military arrest the_ offender he
is taken from their hands by writ of habeas
corpus, issued by the State courts and is dis-
charged.
And it is mean and damnable for us to send
soldiers clothed in the United States uniform
into those States thus to be murdered, unless
we provide some means of redress. General
Schofield, who has never been considered a
Radical, but always, I believe, very conserva-
tive, says that—
"The courts throughout these States fail to do jus-
tice to the freedmen—that is, fail to punish white
men for assaults and outrages committed on the
freedmen."
He say-s, also, that—
"The courts not only fail to punish outrages and
assaults but they fail to administer justice in matters
of contract between freedmen and white men.
If, for instance, a freedman is kicked off from
a plantation and clubbed, and brings suit before
a magistrate for the wages due him, and the
white simply asserts that the freedman was
insolent, the court dismisses the cass.
General Thomas says:
"I cannot say that it is habitual for them (the civil
authorities) to exercise a disposition to bring these
people to just ice, (i. e. those who commit crimes against
loyal men.) They do it sometimes, because they
know that the offenders will bo arrested under Gen-
eral Grant's Order No. 41, and held until they are
tried."
"I do not think the civil authorities are disposed
to administer justice if left to their own will."
He further says that trials are not impartial.
General Baird, who was in command of the
district of Louisiana, says:
"Murders were frequent. In some instances I
think the civil eourtswould do justice to the negroes
where no feeling was aroused or question raised in
regard to the rebellion, and as between white men
and black men, or Union men and rebels.# If any
such question was raised, as a general thing it would
be impossible to get justice done.
"In case of murder of freedmen it was almost im-
possible to get the man arrested, and if arrested he
would be sure to get released on very low bail. I
remember one such ease, where the man was released
on $300 bail."
General Wood says, in regard to Mississippi,
"that there is no diminution of crime, and pun-
ishments are seldom inflicted."
General Sickles says, in reference to South
Carolina and Georgia, that the courts do not
furnish any redress for murder or other crimes
; committed upon Union men, freedmen, or sol-
diers, and that unless the military can be clothed
with power to protect themselves and punish
: offenses committed against them, the garrisons
I will have to be withdrawn.
! Sir, it is impossible to find an officer of any
considerable rank, who has spent three months
in any of those States, in command of any dis-
trict, or as superintendent or assistant com-
missioner of the Freedmen's Bureau, who will
not make the same statement.
Then the question arises, is it the duty of
the Government to afford protection to our
people there? There is no adequate protection
now to Union men, to soldiers, or to freedmen
in those States. I care not what laws you
pass here, so long as they remain a dead letter
because there is no power there to enforce
them. No matter what enactments you may
place upon your statute-books, unless there
is some power provided to enforce them in
those States they are good for nothing. Crime
of all descriptions runs rampant through the
land. These people are holding out their
pleading hands, they are looking to us with
ghastly faces, they are imploring us now, as
they have been for the last two years, to give
them that protection which they never .yet
have had afforded them. Therefore the joint
Committee on Reconstruction have reported
this bill in accordance with the recommend-
ations of their commanders; in accordance, I
believe, with the sentiments of the General of
the Army, and of every other loyal man who
is desirous that this shall be a Government in
fact as well as in name. This bill is intended
to give to that people the protection which
we owe to them, and which they so much need.
I have just received a New Orleans paper,
the New Orleans Tribune, of the 27th ultimo,
which contains an account of the brutal treat-
ment of a family in Texas. I send it to the
Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read m follows:
"A Victim of Rebel Hatred.—We published yes-
terday in our paper the funeral notice of the death
of Mrs. Martha G. Temple, wife of Captain C. H.
Temple, late of the Union Army.
"As the ease is one burdened with those deep ana
burning wrongs not unfrequently practiced by tho
high-toned chivalry of Upper lied River against
northern men and loyalists whose fortunes have
been cast among them, we have taken the pains to
inquire into the particulars attendingit and although
our space will not permit of a history of all the cir-
cumstances leading thereto, we deem it proper to
present the following outUne for the benefit of our
readers here as well as at the North.
"Captain Temple, the afflicted husband,
a soldier of fifteen years' service m the United ©tates
Army. In one of the first engagements of the war
he was dangerously wounded by receiving a ball in
his right lung, a Vacture of the skull, and the carry-
ine away of * part of one foot by a shell. Alter
recovering from these wounds he reentered theser-
