706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE?
January 24,
illustration of it, that you cannot leave the
framing of a tariff to the manufacturers alone ;
it is out of the question. I know that every
Senator feels under obligation to make an
effort, at any rate, to express the views and
.carry the points of a large interest in his own
section of the country; but after all it is for the
Senate to consider whether ^here is any such
suffering as calls for anything of the kind.
Now, sir, the hundred" vessels engaged in the
India trade bring more or less of the India
seed. It makes a little more oil, I am told,
to the bushel than the western seed—about
one pint; where one makes two gallons the
other makes two gallons and a pint. The dif-
ference is not very great, at any rate. I think
the advantage of having the seed grown at your
own door and bought as you wish to get it is
sufficient to counterbalance that.
I have stated the views which the committee
entertained. They looked at this matter with
a great deal of care. They heard testimony
upon it. They waited several days before de-
ciding upon it in order that a gentleman who
wished to be heard might come before them,
to whom I have alluded, and he failed to con-
vince the committee by any statement of fact.
He seemed to be very frank and honorable in
admitting what was true as to the state of
facts. But taking what he stated, the result
was on the mind of the committee as I have
gaid; and with the yielding of the point, which
the manufacturers on the sea-coast very stren-
uously objected to as very injurious to them,
of the drawback upon the cake we thought
that.the matter was left in a fair condition.
Mr. WADE. I certainly do not wish to pro-
long the discussion on this subject, but I do
not like to rest under the imputation of acting
upon merely selfish views. The gentleman
himself has raised this sectional question. I
do not know that I alluded in my remarks
either to the East or the West, the North or
the South. I stated some general principles
that I thought were right and sound in polit-
ical economy. I thought those principles ap-
plied to the question under consideration and
favored my side of it. The Senator differs
entirely from me on fundamental principles, I
find.
I do not disguise the fact that I am what is
called a protectionist. I will, so far as I can
do it without detriment to the interests of the
country or to any particular interest, protect
the labor of our own citizens against that of
any other nation in the world. If that be self-
ishness, I confess that in my progress I have
not outgrown it. My first duty I conceive to
be to my own country, and where protection
comes in question or competition between the
interests of my own country and a foreign coun-
try I am just so selfish as to prefer my own.
The gentleman also said that I was not only
very selfish, but that I ridiculed the idea o'f the
commerce of nations, and he cited some very
Erosperous countries that he supposed had
ecome rich and powerful by commerce alone.
Now, sir, that was a caricature on all that I
did say. I said that commerce was a very
good thing, a necessary thing to a prosperous
nation, but that a nation that was not prosper-
ous at home could never have any commerdtf\
that it could have nothing to make commerce
out of, unless in exceptional cases, as where a
nation happens to be so situated between bel-
ligerents that on principles of international
law it may become, as Holland did for a time,
the carrier of the world, and as we did prior
to the war of 1812. When Europe was in a
blaze of war, and we were almost the only
neutral commercial nation in the world, we
did very much prosper by being the carriers
of all Europe, and almost of the world; but
that was a temporary condition springing from
a peculiar state of circumstances that does not
occur once in a century. For a gentleman to
base himself upon that as a settled principle; I
of political economy, that you must legislate
to secure the carrying trade of the world, is a
principle that I do not recognize as sound.
I said nothing detrimental to commerce. I
said that while different nations and different
climates produced commodities that were con-
sumed in all, commerce would spring up, and
was legitimate and right upon those commod-
ities ; but I did doubt whether a Government
would prosper the more because it legislated
in favor of commerce in such commodities as
she herself was as well calculated by soil, cli-
mate, and everything else to produce as any
other nation. If you get commerce upon that,
it is illegitimate; it is unsound; it is not good
political economy.
But then-1 was selfish! I selfish for asking
you to encourage the growth and production
of this article of flaxseed! How many of my
constituents are personally interested in this
trade? Not one where there are a hundred
engaged in other occupations. The Senator
says I do not regard the rights of the con-
sumer. Sir, are not my constituents, three
millions in the-State of Ohio, as much con-
sumers of all kinds of products as anybody
else ? Why am I selfish and not regardful of
the consumers ? I stand here the represent-
ative of as many consumers almost as any other
Senator, and I am as regardful of their rights.
But let me say to the Senator from Maine
that he argues this question upon an exceed-
ingly narrow basis. I look to the prosperous
wealth of the country in the future as well as
in the present. I know we have got to look
for a large revenue to meet present demands;
but I know we shall not prepare ourselves to
meet these demands any the better by encour-
aging the growth and production of commodi-
ties that are exceedingly valuable in the quar-
ter of the world the furthest removed from us,
and in that way encouraging the miserable,
starved coolie labor of India; for that is what
we encourage by it. If I am selfish and my
principles are selfish principles they are sel-
fish, not for my particular constituents, but for
the growth of my own country, choosing be-
tween that and a nation as far removed from
us as the earth could make it.
Let me say in this connection also that I do
not agree with gentlemen who are so desirous
of sinking down to nothing the wages of labor.
Labor commands no higher reward than I am
glad to see it. I hope to God it never will be
any cheaper than it is; for now the real
manual laborer gets but a scanty portion of
that which he earns. I hope the time will
never be when he will be less rewarded than
he is now. I am not one of those who will
adopt a policy that will sink his labor one
single cent less than it is now, if I can help it.
Sir, on the prosperity of the laborer here
depends the prosperity of your country; for,
God be praised, we are pretty much all laborers,
and I hope we always shall be. I am not in
favor of monopolies. I will not advocate nor
promote by my vote any doctrine that sinks
the wages of the laborer of this country for
the benefit of anybody else. I do not know
what the price of labor in India is; I presume
it is the merest pittance, from what I read in
the newspapers this day, that a million of
those poor inhabitants, probably engaged in
the raising of this very article, have starred to
death this very season, and thousands more of
them, are in that miserable condition to-day;
and yet you wont to bring their starvgd labor
in competition with ours, and tell me I am self-
ish because I am not willing you should do it.
Sir, I glorv in that kind of selfishness.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What I said was, that
the proposition was a selfish one, because it
was an attempt to crush oat all these manu-
facturers at the East for the benefit of the
manufacturers of the West.
Mr. WADE. No, sir; I do not wish to crush
out anybody. I derive my opinion on this
subject from a great deal of conversation with
people interested in it. Of course that is the
only kind of proof I could have. I did not
have the benefit of the opinion of the crusher
who came before you. It seems that there
was but one, and he was a very boon-com-
panion, you say; you thought he was a very
clever fellow.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I can infofm the Sen-
ator that he was from his own State, and ho
was sent for at the request of a western Rep-
resentative, because it was said that he repre-
sented the crushing interest of the West.
Mr. WADE. I do not know what he repre-*
sented, and I had not the benefit of his advice,
come from where he may; but I have con-
versed with a great many men who appeared
to be very candid and not particularly selfish
upon this subject, and they believed that the
interest of the country and the interest of all
concerned, consumer as well as producer,
would be promoted by encouraging this pro-
duction more than you have encouraged it by
your bill; that is what they tell me; that is
the information I get universally; that is the
lesson taught us by the thousands of petitions
that have been poured in upon our table and
sent before you, [addressingMr. Fessenden.]
You say, however, they are not producers of
this article, but mere petitioners signing peti-
tions got at the beck of the crushers. I do
not know anything about that.. They do not
say so on the face of the petitions. They seem
to be au emanation from our respectable farm-
ing interest in the West, judging from the face
of the papers. But you tell me that the few
crushers got these men to send these petitions
without any purpose or design on their part.
I do not read them in that light. I believe it
was the honest, the respectable farmers,-the
bone and sinew of our country, that sent you
those petitions. Nor do I believe that any
interest is to be affected detrimentally by all
that I ask; and when you tell me that I stand
here particularly for the West I say you have
no right to charge me with that. When did I
ever give a sectional vote on this floor ? When
your fishing bounties were up did I ever desert
you ? Whenever you had before us any propo-
sition manifestly of a local character, particu-
larly for the East, did I ever fail to encourage it
when your proposition was right, and I was
almost abfiut to say even when you were wrong?
And yet I am to be charged with selfishness
and sectionalism upon this floor. Sir, you
have got the wrong man. Look at the record
and see how selfish I have been. I am none
of that. I said nothing about the East or the
West. I demand no more for the West, to which
I belong, than I do for the East, to which you
belong. Show me a principle that ministers
to the growth and the welfare of this nation
and I will not stand to inquire whether it affects
particularly the West or the East. There is
hardly a principle that we touch here that does
affect one any more than the other. The tax
on almost any commodity does not light upon
the heads of those on whom the tax is first
placed, but it diffuses itself all over the com-
munity, and if the price is enhanced by it the
consumer pays'it. When you ask us to tax for-
eign commodities fortheencouragement of east-
ern manufactures is it selfish in you to demand
it? Do we yield to your selfishness when we vote
for that? Not at all. We know that at first
at least, when we grant a tax upon foreign
importations coming in competition with your
manufactures at the East, we may for a moment
enhance the value of these necessary commod-
ities that you produce, our clothing and other
indispensables, that we produce but very little
of and you a great deal; but, sir, does it not
affect us all alike? It does not stop with your
manufacturers of the East, on whom the tax first
lights, but we. the consumers of your produc-
tions in the West, have to make it good to you,
and it distributes itself all over the continent;
and you, sir, ought to view it so as chairman
of the Committee on Finance, and not view it
upon this miserable, narrow principle of saying
that a man is selfish because he contends for
the protection of an article the product of which
may enrich those engaged in it, and the bene-
fits of which will reach into every hamlet in the
nation. It is not selfishness; that is not the
name. It is but the carrying out of a principle
for which I have ever contended.
I know very well there are gentlemen who
do not agree with me on this subject. There
