1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7ffi
are gentlemen who think you should open the
gates of trade to the whole world, perfectly
regardless of all that we hare going on at
home, regardless of the interests invested in
manufactures and everything else, when we
'know as wStl as we know we live that the effect
will only be to pour our wealth into the arms
of foreign nations, without redress and without
any hope thereof. Sir, if we are to carry this
great debt of ours it must be on broader prin-
ciples than that; and that is why I argue in
favor of building up all the interests that will
set everybody in the nation to work, for the
product of labor, I say again, is all that there
is valuable in any country,-and that nation
which does the most of it is the wealthiest and
can bear taxation the best. Let us adopt those
principles, apply them to our own productions
and to our own laborers as far as we can, and
we shall find very soon that this nation will
rise from her depressed estate like a rocket,
and be able to bear cheerfully all the taxation
that you will have occasion to visit her with.
I have no doubt of that.
In the mean time, I am not the enemy of
raising revenue from importations as much as
you can. I really contend for that upon this
bill. Why should I be charged with endeavor-
ing to get rid of foreign importations when my
very amendment contemplates a further taxa-
tion on a foreign importation, which I believe
it can well bear; for I do not believe from all
my inquiries on the subject that there is a sin-
gle interest in the East more profitable to those
engaged in it than the importation of foreign
flaxseed and working it up into oil? I believe
it is an interest that has advantages over almost
any other, and can afford to part with some
portion of its profits to encourage labor in the
same production in the West, if you will have
it so, or in the East if, you please, for I limit
it to -no section. If the eastern people could
not raise other productions more profitably
than they could this, I doubt not they would
engage in it as quick as we would in the West;
but your land is more valuable and better
adapted to other "products, out of which you
make more than we can out of this. If it were
as profitable you would engage in it as exten-
sively as we do.
But I do not wish to prolong this argument,
and I would not have said a word at present
had it not been alleged that I was a very selfish
man and adopted very selfish principles, and
that I was for destroying all the commerce of the
world. I say to the Senator again, if you want
to promote commerce get something for com-
merce to operate upon. Have a surplus of
everything that other nations want, and com-
merce, as I said before, will come of itself;
you cannot keep it down.
But many gentlemen have spoken of the de-
pression of our foreign commerce of late as
though it was incident to or consequent upon
some adverse legislation here. I do not think
the Senator from Maine would like to admit
that he had been a party to a kind of legislation
that struck down commerce and had reduced
it to its present miserable condition. He has
not done so. That is not it. You have but
recently emerged from a great war which drove
your commerce from the ocean. Nine tenths
' of all your commerce was done in foreign bot-
toms, and your own vessels that covered the
ocean before were driven from it by the pirates
of the South, and thus our commerce was
ruined ; and our great arch-enemy, taking ad-
vantage of this and encouraging the pirates
upon the seas, did help to sweep us from the
ocean and reduce our commerce to a very low
condition compared with what it was before
the war.
But do not drag that in as though it were
consequent upon some principle tljat I advo-
cate, when you know, and every man knows,
that it sprang from a cause entirely different.
Let us stand by our own labor, produce our
own commodities, and the Senator's own peo-
ple up in Maine will furnish the shipping and
the commerce to carry all our surplus to
market. There will be no trouble upon that
score. Your commerce will flourish as it
flourished before. But if you adopt a system
that encourages foreign labor and brings it in
detrimental competition with your own, I tell
you as your country thus becomes impover-
ished your commerce will fail as quick as any
other interest. You cannot have that com-
merce which you think belongs to* a great
nation unless your country is prosperous, in-
dependent of commerce, in producingthe com-
modities out of which commerce grows.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would not rise again,
as I have said all I wanted to say on this par-
ticular subject, were it not that my honorable
friend from Ohio is laboring under a very great
misapprehension, and has poured out a good
deal of bellowing indignation upon me for say-
ing what I did not say at all. I did not say
that he was selfish," and I did not mean to say
he was selfish. I said that the proposition was
a selfish one, but I almost in terms excluded
him from responsibility for it, because I stated'
that I knew gentlemen were obliged to defend
certain propositions because their people forced
them to do so from their interest in the par-
ticular matter; and I supposed the Senator was
bright enough and clear enough to draw the
distinction. I made no charge upon him of
selfishness in any shape or form. I trust I
know too wfell what belongs to debate to use
language so utterly unparliamentary as that;
but I had a right to characterize the proposi-
tion, inasmuch as I went on to explain why I
thought so, and how it worked. The Senator
therefore is entirely out of place in supposing
that I made any charge whatever upon him;
and he has interested the Senate for half an
hour, more or less, in repelling a charge that
wa3 never made.
Now, sir, I want to say once for all—I do
not mean to argue the matter over again—that
I never make a charge of that sort against my
honorable friend from Ohio. He is in the
habit of telling us that his motives are per-
fectly pure: that he always acts exactly ac-
cording to his views of right, and that he is
very certain he is right on all occasions; and
I am perfectly willing to concede it to him. I
concede now and hereafter all that he claims
for himself of perfect purity and perfect knowl-
edge of everything exactly as it should be.
He cannot claim it any broader or more exten-
sively than I am willing to give it to him.
Mr. MORGAN. If there really was any
necessity for the proposition made by the Sen-
ator from Ohio for this increase of duty, I
would have supported it in committee, and I
would support it in the Senate; but ther& is
really no necessity for it whatever. The Sen-
ators who represent the western States under-
stand their interest very well, and do not often
make a mistake; but I am sure they have mis-
taken their interest in the proposition that has
been made by the Senator from Ohio. Now
let us see how this matter came to us. There
have been presented to the Senate several
memorials, one of which I read:
"The undersigned, consumers of and dealers in
linseed oil, respectfully memorialize your honora-
ble committees against any increase of the tariff on
foreign linseed, now fixed at sixteen cents per bushel
of fifty-two pounds; which tariff, in addition to
freight from the Bast Indies and the other necessary
expenses and risk of importation, is abundantly suf-
ficient as a protection to seed-growers in this coun-
try : and it is self-evident that as a matter of public
policy the tariff on linseed should be kept as low as
is consistent with revenue, because the article made
from it (namely, linseed, oil,) is raw material in the
following widely-disseminated branches of business,
namely: the manufacture of white lead, oxide of
zinc, and all painter's colors: putty, varnishes of all
kinds; japanned leather and cloth, floor cloths, and
tablo covers: oil silk, oil clothing, and printer's ink;
as well as house, ship, and carriage painting. And
it is obvious that an increased duty on linseed would
affect the cost of all the abovo articles, and thereby
seriously diminish consumption."
These memorials were presented to the Son-
ate and came from the manufacturers of New
York, Newark, Boston, Philadelphia, Balti-
more, Rochester, Harrisburg. Pittsburg, Chi-
cago, Detroit, Milwaukee, Buffalo, Albany,
St. Louis, and Syracuse. There have also
been presented petitions in favor of this pro-
posed increase of duty, one of which I will
read:
" We, the undersigned, farmers and growers of flax-
seed in the West, would respectfully represent to
your honorable body that our climate and soil aro
well adapted to the cultivation of flax for both seed
and lint, and that it prepares tho soil better tlia.ii
other spring crop for sowing wheat in tho fall; that
in their opinion they will be able, if fairly protected
against the cheap labor of Russia and India, to grow
seed enough to supply the entire wants of this coun-
try; but in consequence of the importation ot largo
quantities of foreign seed and oil the market is lia-
ble to sudden and_ grave fluctuations, being frequently
depressed to a price that will not pay us for raising
it. And we submit that it is not good policy to m ike
us dependent on any foreign country for a crop that
can be grown at home. Wc would, therefore, re?pect-
fully but earnestly, pray your honorable body to fix
the duty on flaxseed at not less than thirty cents per
bushel, and no drawback for cake, in accordaneo
with the action of tho House of Representatives at
its last session, and thereby make the cultivation of
flax in our country a permanent and profitable agri-
cultural interest."
As has been stated by the Senator from
Maine, there came before the committee a
gentleman from Dayton, Ohio, engaged in
crushing seed, and the question was put to hiq^
whether any of the foreign seed ever went to
the West orinany manner interfered with them,
to which he replied, "Not at all." He was
then asked: " Does the foreign oil ever come
in competition with your product at the West ? "
"Yes, very largely, and was sold last year in
large quantities right in our own neighborhood
at forty cents a gallon less than we were pro-
dueing it." It seemed to me that he made an
excellent argument against an increase of the
duty on the seed and an equally excellent argu-
ment in favor of some increase of the duty on oil.
I speak now entirely for the West. His argu-
ment was a very good one for increasing the
duty somewhat on oil, but it was against any
increase of tlfe duty on seed, for the seed did
not enter into competition with them at all.
Formerly there was a duty of twenty-five cents
per gallon on oil, when seed was free. Now
it is sixteen cents a bushel; but in consequence
of the drawback, which takes o(f%bout five and
a half cents, it is actually but ten and a half
cents. There have been during the last year
two million four hundred thousand gallons of
oil imported into the United States, and that
oil finds its way, as I have stated, to the West
and enters into competition with the oil manu-
factured by the crushers of the West.
Mr. HO WE. What was the importation of
seed?
Mr. MORGAN". The importation of seed for
the last year was about eleven hundred thou-
sand bushels. If the proposition suggested by
the Senator from New Jersey had been twenty
cents for seed and thirty cents for oil that
would be a little better, very little better, than
the tariff as it was before these petitions were
presented from the crushers of the various
localities that I have mentioned representing
that there must be an additional duty on oil
or their business cannot be sustained. If the
motion oi" the Senator from Ohio does not pre-
vail, and the Senator from New Jersey will so
amend his motion as to make the rates twenty
and thirty cents, I shall be satisfied, for one, to
give it my support.
Mr. FRELINGrHUYSEN. It seems to me,
Mr. President, that the West are just as much
interested in the amendment that I suggest as
the East, for this reason: the eastern crusher
must at the present time import a considera-
ble portion of seed any way. There is not a
supply. They now import two thirds of it.
If they are obliged to import the seed and the
oil is imported at the same price, of course
the manufactories at the Bast must go down ;
they cannot compete with the foreign oils.
Therefore the West is interested in maintain-
ing these manufactories at the East in order
that they may have a market for their seed ;
and just in the same way the consumers all
over the country are interested in maintaining
^ these manufactories at the East, for they cre-
*atc a home competition East and West which
keeps oil at a reasonable rate for them. I
trust that the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Ohio will not be adopted, and I shall
