U72
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
in the affirmative—yeas 86, nays 80, not voting
74, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, AnSefrson, Arn«ll, James M.
Ashley^ Baker, Beamaa, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bont-
well, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland, Reader W.
Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cobk, Cullom, Darling, De-
frees, Deming, Donnelly, Eggleston, Eliot, Farns-
worth,, Farquhar, ferry, Garfield, A"bner C. Harding,
Hart, Hawkins, Henderson, Higby, Hill, Holmes,
Chester D. Hu-bbard, Demas Hubbard. John H.
Hubbard. Jcnckes, Julian, Kasson, Kellcy, Kelso,
Koontz, Kuykendall, George V.Lawrence, Longyear,
Lynch, Marvin, Maynard, Mclndoe, MeKee, Me-
Ruer, Mercur, Miller, Morris, Myers, Newell, O'Neill,
Orth, Paine, Pcriiam, Phelps, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy,
Price, Rollins, Sawyer, Senenck, Scofield, Shellabar-
ger, Sloan, Spalding, Stevens, Stokes, Thayer, John
L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Burt Van Horn,
Warner, Henry D. Washburn. William B. Washburn,
Welker,'James F.Wilson, an&Stephen F.Wilson—86.
NAYS—Messrs. AnconajJergen, Boyer, Campbell,
Chanler, Cooper, Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Denison,
Eldridge, Fincls, Hise, James R. Ilubbell. Humphrey,
Kerr, Le Blond, McCullough, Niblack, Noell, Sam-
uel J. Randall, Rittor, Rogers, Ross, Rousseau,
Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Taber, Nelson Taylor, and
Trimble—30.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Delos R.
Ashley, Baldwin. Banks, Barker, Baxter, Bingham,
Blaine, Blow, Brandegce. Bundy, Sidney Clarke,
Culver, Delano, Dixon, Dodge, Driggs, liumont,
Eckley, Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Grinnell, Griswold,
Hale, Aaron Harding, Harris, Hayes, Hogan, Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Edwin N. Ilubbell,
Hulburd, Hunter. Ingersoll, Jones. Ketcliam, Lafiin,
Latham, William Lawrence, Leftwich, Loan, Mar-
shall, Marston, MeClurg, Moorhead, Morrill, Moul-
ton, Nicholson, Patterson, lladford, William II. Ran-
dall, Raymond, Alexander II. Riee, John II. Rice,
Starr, Stilwell, Strouse, Nathaniel <3. Taylor, Francis
Thomas, Thornton, Van Aernam, Robert T. Van
Horn, Andrew II. Ward, Hamilton Ward, Eiihu B.
Washburne, Wentworth, Whaley, Williams, Win-
dom, Winfleld, Woodbridge, and W right—74.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on
the table.
Dui'ing the roll-call.
Mr. FERRY said: I desire to state that my
colleague, Mr. Driggs, is still confined to his
bed by illness; and therefore is unable to be
present in the House at this time.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the
various votes of the House upon the amend-
ments of the Senate ; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that a committee
of conference be requested upon the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses upon this bill,
'The motion was agreed lo.
The SPEAKER appointed the following as
the conferees on the part of the House: Mr.
Stevens, Mr. Farnswortu, and Mr. Le Blond.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr, COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled bills of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (IT. II. No. 910) granting lands to
the State of Oregon to aid in the construction
of a military wagon-road from Dalles City, on
the Columbia river, to Fort Bois6, on the Snake
river;
An act (H. R. No. 9G5) declaring Clinton
bridge, across the Mississippi river, at Clinton,
in the State of Iowa, a post route; and
An act (H. R. No. 1130) to amend section
twelve, chapter two hundred and ninety-nine
of the laws of the first session of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress.
publication of laws of congress.
Mr. COOPER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution : which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing, under
the law:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be di-
rected to inquire into the expediency of having ton
thousand copies, in pamphlet form, of the laws of
the United States, enacted during the Thirty-Sixth,
Thirtv-Seventh, Thirty-Eighth, and Thirty-Ninth
Congresses, published for distribution under the direc-
tion of tno Clerk ol the House, in the States lately
in rebellion, and to report by bill or otherwise.
united states courts in sew yokk.
Mr. HUMPHREY, by unanimons consent,
introduced a bill in relation to district and cir-
cuit courts for the northern and southern dis-
tricts of New York; which was road a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. CONKLING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
relief of government contractors.
Mr. SLOAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. This being_ private bill
day, the first business in-order during the morn-
ing hour is the consideration of reports from
committees of a private nature. At the con-
clusion of the morning hour on Saturday last
the bill under consideration was the bill of the
Senate No. 220, for the relief of certain con-
tractors for the construction of vcssels-of-war
and steam machinery, upon which the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Sloan] is entitled
to the floor for forty minutes.
Mr. SLOAN. 1 desire to explain briefly the
principle which governed the Committee of
Claims in making their report in these cases,
and then if there is no desire for further dis-
cussion I will call the previous question.
The case, as presented to the Committee of
Claims by the Senate bill referred to the com-
mittee, is an application for relief on the part
of over forty contractors who were engaged in
building vessels-of-war and steam machinery
for the Government. These claims are based
upon two grounds. The first is that the Gov-
ernment, through the action of the Navy De-
partment, did not comply with its contract
with these contractors ; that these vessels and
machinery were required to be constructed
according to certain plans and specifications
prescribed in the contracts ; that the Govern-
ment failed to furnish the plans and specifica-
tions which were necessary that the contract-
ors might prosecute the work; that after the
work of construction was entered upon the
Government., in consequence of its plans being
imperfect, made extensive alterations which
much delayed the execution of the contracts
until, in consequence of the continuance of the
war, the demand for men and material, prices
had greatly increased ; and that thus the con-
tractors, by the action of the Government in
not complying with the contracts, were sub-
jected to large losses.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman whether that extra work was not paid
for ?
Mr. SLOAN. I will refer to that point
directly.
Mr. SPALDING. Certainly it was paid for
by the Navy Department. It so appeared in
the evidence.
Mr. SLOAN. As I understand, the Navy
Department undertook to adjust and settle with
these contractors ail the loss and increased
expense which they suffered on account of the
delays caused by the action of the Department
and the changes and alterations which were
made in the vessels.
Mr. HILL. Will the gentleman permit a
single inquiry ? The report of the committee
states that a certain resolution accompanies
the report. I have been unable to find it.
Mr. SLOAN. The resolution is printed
and ought to bo upon the desks of members.
I presume the gentleman can obtain a copy.
Mr. HILL. It has not been fnrnised.
The SPE A ICEIl. As the Chair understands
the propositions now pending, they are, first,
the Senate bill; then the substitute reported
from the Committee of Claims by the gentle-
man from Wisconsin, [Mr. Sloan ;] and then
the proposition reported as an amendment to
the amendment by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. McKee.] a minority of the com-
mittee. Those, as the Chair understands, are
the several propositions pending.
Mr. SLOAN. I do not understand that the
proposition of the gentleman from Kentucky
is pending. I believe he simply gave notice
that it would be offered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky, as the Chair understood, had leave to
make a minority report and to offer a substi-
tute for the amended-bill reported by the com-
mittee.
Mr. SLOAN. Aslunderstood, hesimplyhad
consent to make a report, andgave notice that
he would, if he had an opportunity, offer a
proposition as a substitute for the bill reported
by the committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will have the
Journal examined. Meanwhile, perhaps, the
gentleman from Kentucky, can state whether
when he made the minority report he obtained
consent to have his substitute pending.
Mr. McKEE. On the day the report of the
committee was presented, just at the conclusion
of the morning hour, I gave notice of my in-
tention to offer a substitute; and on the next
day, when the matter was under consideration,
the gentleman from Wisconsin yielded to me
that I might offer my substitute, which I did.
The SPEAKER. It is recorded on the
Journal as having been offe'red on the second
day, when the bill was under consideration.
Mr. SLOAN. Mr. Speaker, the second
ground upon which these claimants ask relief
at the hands of Congress, is that these con-
tracts were made at a time when labor and
material were at ordinary prices, that sub-
sequently the price of labor and materials
advanced so greatly that it was impossible for
the contractors to build these vessels at the
prices stipulated.
The first action taken upon these claims in
the Senate was lo pass a resolution directing
the Navy Department to cause a board of
naval officers to investigate and report to the
Department and to Congress how much each
of these vessels has cost the contractors over
and above the contract price.
In that resolution there was no discrimina-
tion as to whether the loss was caused by the
mismanagement of the contractor or by the
action of the Government.
This same resolution required a report as to
how much these vessels and machinery had
cost over the contract price. That report was
submitted to Congress, and it presents some
remarkable features. It will be observed by
the gentlemen who have examined the report
that the difference in cost of those vessels over
the contract price varies very much. They
were built at different stations, by different
contractors, at very different prices. For in-
stance, in constructing the machinery for the
double-enders the contract price was the same,
in all cases $82,000, and the machinery was
of the same description, of the same character
and dimensions; and we find in this report the
loss of contractors at the same price for work of
the same description varied from $5,817 in one
case to $01,752 in another. You will find that
the other cases vary between these two sums.
You will also find there were five iron-clad ves-
sels contracted for, the contract price for which
was $275,000 in each of the five cases, and the
increased cost over the contract price ranges
from $28,974 to $113,554 on vessels where the
contract price was the same and where they
were of the same dimensions. There were six
other contracts in which the contract price is .
$460,000 in each case, and the cost over con-
tract price, according to the award of the naval
board, varies from $4,793 38 to $119,020 57.
It will thus be observed in the contracts for
the same work the cost was very widely differ-
ent, some contractors being subjected to a
small loss and others to a very .heavy lossr
Now, when this report came into the Senate,
instead of attempting to pay these claims ac-
cording to the loss, in each case, instead of
investigating how much of the loss had been
produced by the action of the Government,
and how much by the mismanagement and
improvidence of the contractor, a bill was
passed to pay each of these claimants twelve
per cent, upon the contract price, without
regard to whether the Government had been at
fault, or had not been at fault; without regard
to whether the execution of the contracts had
been managed prudently, economically, and
wisely on the part of the contractors or not.
The Senate adopted the arbitrary rule to pay
