186V.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103
39tn COXG....2D SESS.
Government of Insurrectionary States—Mr. Niblack.
Ho. of Reps.
cer in any country claiming to be free ? Sir,
it devolves upon this officer the decision ot' a
question which Congress seems not to have
had the courage so far to decide. Congress has
heretofore in this contest about reconstruction
claimed that the decision of everything pertain-
ing to the lately rebellious States belongs to it;
jet in this section one of the great and con-
trolling questions pertaining to these States is
referred to the decision of a military officer to
be designated by the General of the Army.
This surely mnst have been an oversight on
the part of those who reported this bill.
It is also provided in this third section, in
further defining the duties of the officer in
command of a district, that—
When in hi? judgment it maybe necessary for the
trinl of offenders, ne shall have power to organize
military commissions or tribunals for that purpose.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I did hope, in view of the
late decision of the Supreme Court of the
United States in the case of ex parte Milligan
and others, and in view of the plain reading of
the Constitution, this matter of military com-
missions had been set at rest. In that case, as
we all know, it was decided that military tri-
bunals cannot try persons not in the Army or
Navy or the militia in actual service for civil
offenses, and that it is not competent for Con-
f ess to confer this power on such tribunals,
ven the dissenting judges who delivered opin-
ions in that case do not claim for Congress the'
power to confer on military tribunals such
unlimited and undefined jurisdiction as the
section in question contemplates.
I know it is claimed that this decision relates
only to the people of what is known as the
loyal States; but, sir, if it is worth anything it
applies in times of peace at least to all'the
States and to the people of all the States.
The Constitution of the United States applies
to men in the lately rebellions States as well as
in the loyal States.
Mr. DUMONT. "Will my colleague yield
for a question ?
Mr. NIBLACK. Certainly.
Mr. DUMONT. The Supreme Court of the
United States, in the decision referred to, say:
" No hostile foot has ever pressed the soil of
Indiana." I wish to inquire if my colleague,
in commenting upon that decision and agree-
ing with the majority, agrees with them in the
assertion of that as a fact ? Is it true in point
of fact that no hostile foot ever pressed the
soil of Indiana ? Is not my colleague aware
that a bill has been introduced—certainly one,
if not more—during the present session of
Congress, providing for the adjustment of dam-
ages occasioned by the raid of Morgan and
other hostile troops from the rebel States into
the State of Indiana, and even into the gen-
tleman's own district?
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, I have not
time now, nor do not desire to go into an ex-
amination of all the arguments used by the
court in the case. I concede that there were
some raids into the State of Indiana in which
some damage was done, but I do not attach
any importance to that fact as affecting the
logic of' the decision.
Mr. DUMONT. I understand my colleague
to concede as matter of fact that that assertion
is not true.
Mr. NIBLACK. Whether true or not the
fact ii an immaterial one in the considera-
tion of the legal points involved. I again ad-
mit there were some raids into that State, but
no insurrection. It never was the theater of
war in the sense in which that term was used
in the decision to which the gentleman refers
and to which I am referring. ,
But, sir, as I was remarking, the civil rights
bill declared that every person either born or
naturalized within the United States, without
repard to race or color, shall be deemed a cit-
iz«u of the United States. That is general;
it applies to the lately rebellious States a#
much as to the loyal States. The Freed-
men's Bureau bill recognized people in all
sections of the country, and especially in the
southern States, and of all races and colors,
as being citizens of the United States, entitled 1
to the protection of the laws of the United ;
States. Now, sir, I care not how great the
crimes of any citizen may have been, or what
may have been his short-comings, what may j
have been his degree of disloyalty or of his !
rebellion against the Government of the Uni- 1
ted States, he is still a citizen if he falls within
the provisions of our laws in that respect, and
is entitled to all the protection of any other
citizen in the administration of the laws. If
he shall be convicted of his crimes it must be
under some law constitutionally enacted. Con-
viction even of the highest crime does not ne-
cessarily abrogate his civil rights or destroy his
citizenship unless that conviction shall be fol-
lowed by capital punishment. It is no more
lawful to feloniously assault or kill a person
under conviction for a high crime than the
most worthy citizen.
Therefore, every man entitled to the protec-
tion of the Constitution and laws of the United
States can claim the benefit of this decision,
and can insist on being tried by a jury of his
countrymen. The Constitution on that sub-
ject saya that—
"The trial of all crimes, except in cases of impeach-
ment, shall be by jury."
Not in one section, not of one class of people,
not of one class of crimes, but the trial of all
crimes, except the case of impeachment, shall
be by jury. This bill, therefore, runs counter
to that provision of the Constitution.
The Constitution also provides, as is quoted
in the decision to which I have referred, much
of the argument in that decision being founded
upon this provision, that—
"No person shall be held to answer for a capital
or otherwise infamous crime unless on a presentment
or indictmentof a grand jury, except in cases arising
in the land or naval forces, or in the militia when
in actual service in time of war or public danger;"
• * * * " nor shall any person be deprived
of life, liberty, or property without duo process of
law."
That provision is plain and unequivocal; there
is no necessity for any doubt about the construc-
tion of it, ana it is against the authority claimed
in this third section, the assumed right to try
civilians, persons not connected with the Ariny
or Navy or the militia in actual service in time
of war, by military commission.
But the fourth section is, in my judgment, so
far as it goes, more objectionable in some re-
spects than any other portion of the bill, though
not so important, perhaps, in its consequences
as some others. It provides—
Thatcourts and judicial officers of the United States
shal l not issue writs of habeas corpus in behalf of per-
sons in military custody, unless some commissioned
officer on duty in the district wherein the person is
detained shall indorse upon said petition a statement
certifying, upon honor, that be has knowledge or
information as to the cause and circumstances of the
alleged detention, and that he believes the same to be
wrongful; and further, that he believes that the in-
dorsed petition is preferred in good faith, and in fur-
therance of justice, and not to hinder or delay the
punishment of crime. All persons put under military
arrest by virtue of this act shall be tried without un-
necessary delay, and no cruel or unusual punishment
shall be inflicted.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if this bill contained no
other obnoxious provisions, that would be
sufficient to induce me to vote against it. It
is proposed that in the present condition of
the country the right shall be given to suspend
the writ of habeas corpus, when the Constitu-
tion guaranties that the writ of habeas corpus
shall only be suspended in time of rebellion
or invasion. On that subject the Constitution
says:
" The privilege of the writ of habtai corpu* shall
not be suspended, unless when in cases of rebellion
or invasion the public safety may require it.
To authorize Congress, therefore, to suspend
the writ of habeas corpus there must be an
existing rebellion, or else an invasion of the
country.
This has already been conceded by some
gentlemen who have seen the importance of
this question. But they have attempted to
apologize for the exercise of this power, or
to argue in favor of it, on the ground that the
country is still in a state of war. Well, Mr.
Speaker, if this country is. still in a state of
war the people are not aware of it. There
are, I concede, some slumbering embers still
remaining of that great fire which swept over
the States lately in rebellion, but I am only
surprised, considering the terrible struggle
through which the country has passed, that we
have not had more lawlessness and irregulari-
ties than we have had following the dissolution
of our great armies.
Mr. Speaker, the President was authorized
early in the war to declare States in insurrec-
tion under certain circumstances. This power,
in my judgment, carried with it the right to
declare when the insurrection had ceased. The
President long since proclaimed that the rebel-
lion had ceased and that the country was again
at peace. Our soldiers enlisted for a given
time, or during the war. After the cessation
of hostilities, in the spring of 1865, all, or at
least nearly all, of our soldiers enlisted during
the war were, with the approbation of Con-
gress, as I infer from the circumstances, mus-
tered out of the service, because the war had
terminated, and because the terms upon which
they had enlisted had been complied with.
And yet more than a year and a half after these
volunteer soldiers were mustered out of ser-
vice, because the war had closed, we are met by
the declaration in this House that the country
is still at war, and that, being thus at war, we
are justified in taking military jurisdiction of
all the country lately in rebellion, and of sus-
pending the privileges of the writ of habeas
corpus throughout its limits.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not propose to go
into the questions of international law dis-
cussed by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Banks,] defining the different degrees of
hostility which may exist from time to time
between two nations at war with each other.
Theorize as we may, the common sense of
mankind will pronounce that when one army
totally and unconditionally surrenders to the
other the war is at an end. Applying that
proposition to our condition, war ceased to
exist in this country more than a year and a
half ago. . .
A well man needs no remedies; it is only
when he is sick that you. can require him to
submit to medicinal applications. A country
at peace does not need and ought not to allow
martial law and other summary remedies in-
cident to a state of war. Gentlemen on the
other side feel and recognize this. To obviate
this difficulty they are now driven to assert
that a state of war still exists between this
Government and the people of the States to be
affected by' this bill. If they can succeed in
establishing this proposition there will then,
and only then, be some pretext for the war
measures proposed in this bill.
The fifth and last section of the bill we are
considering reads as follows:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That no sentence
of any military commission or tribunal hereby au-
thorized, affecting the life or liberty of any person,
shall bo executed until it is approved by the officer
in command of the district, and the laws and regula-
tions for the government of the Army shall not b«
affected by this act, exceptin so far as they conflict
with its provisions.
This section, Mr. Speaker, does not require
more than a passing notice. It is intended as
a limitation on the power conferred in the third
section of the bill. It does not obviate any of
the constitutional objections to that section,
nor in any other manner materially in>prove
it. It would be murder to take the life of a
civilian under the sentence of a military com-
mission or tribunal, ad provided for m this
