1867.
TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
1473
twelve per cent, upon the contract price. The
result of that rule as applied to these cases is
this: some contractors are paid in full for tb©
loss they sustained, while other contractors are
paid a small percentage, s§ low as fifteen per
cent, in some cases; the amount ranging from
fifteen to one hundred per cent. The Com-
mittee of Claims were of the opinion there was
no reason, no justice in this rule to pay this
amount without regard to whether the Govern-
ment was in fault in regard to the contract;
whether there was any legal or even equitable
liability on the part of the Government to pay
them.
I think it must be conceded if this loss was
produced by the mismanagement of the con-
tractor himself there is no claim even on equit-
able grounds that he should be reimbursed out
of the Treasury of the United States. The
Committee of Claims therefore in the first
place discarded the partial and inequitable rule
upon which the Senate bill afforded relief. The
next question presented was what rule ought
the Government to adopt in dealing with these
contractors. There is ccrtainly a desire I take
it on the part of every member of this House
and the other House that the Government of
the United States should deal justly and equit-
ably with all of these contractors ; if there are
any legal grounds of liability on which they can
be reimbursed for any loss they have sustained
in dealing with the Government, that the Gov-
ernment should promptly, freely, and without
reluctance do it.
The Committee of Claims have decided that
if it be true the Government has failed to per-
form its part of the contract, if it subjected the
contractors to delay in prosecuting their work
by not furnishing specifications and drawings,
then they ought to be reimbursed for all loss
occasioned by such delay; also in case of alter-
ations and changes in the construction of these
vessels or their machinery which the contracts
did not provide for, the Government ought to
indemnify the contractors.
The second ground upon which the claim-
ants ask relief is that the price of labor and
materials advanced greatly during the time
the work was being prosecuted, and claim that
the Government ought to make good the loss
occasioned by such advance. By adopting that
principle in every case where the Government
enters into a contract with an individual, if
prices go up so as to render the contract un-
profitable to the contractor and subjecting him
to loss, the Government would be bound, fol-
lowing the precedent  e are asked to establish
in this case, to make good the loss. The Com-
mittee of Claims probably take a more serious
view of the consequences of establishing this
principle than other members on this floor, for
the reason that they have had their attention
called to the largo amount of expenditure it
would involve if the principle is adopted.
Already applications have been made to the
committee to reimburse men who have done
work upon the Treasury buildings because
prices advanced during the execution of the
contract; and the same is true in regard to
contracts for work on the Capitol dome, in con-
tracts with the Post Office Department, and for
light-houses. And this would be the case with
contracts made by all the Departments of the
Government ifyou establish the principle of giv-
ing relief because prices advanced during the
fulfillment of the contract. In order to deal
impartially you would have to give relief to all,
for there is no contract between the Govern-
ment and individuals entered into before 1862
any part of which was to be fulfilled after that
time, in which the same ground for a claim
against the Government does not exist.
The committee therefore decided that that
is not a safe or a proper ground upon which
to alford relief to the claimants in these cases,
and accordingly we have reported this resolu-
tion which provides that the Navy Depart-
ment shall inquire how much loss each of
these claimants was subjected to on account
of any delay which the Government caused in
the execution of the contract on its own part,
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 93.
and also on account of any change or altera-
tion which it directed in the work during its
prosecution, with a view that when Congress
becomes possessed of that information it may
award to these claimants what is properly and
equitably due them; or if nothing is due, it
may have some substantial reasons to base its
refusal upon.
As the case now stands, Congress is asked
to legislate upon these cases blindly, and to
appropriate more than a million dollars from
the Treasury with no knowledge whether a
single dollar ought to be paid or not. These
contractors allege that the Government is at
fault, that it has dealt unjustly and harshly
with them; but there has been no investigation,
no report that shows to what extent the Gov-
ernment has violated its contract, if at all.
And in addition to that, it appears from the
report of this naval board that the Govern-
ment has already paid over fourteen hundred
thousand dollars to these same contractors to
reimburse them for delays and for the altera-
tions which the Government caused them to
make in the vessels. It is thought that this
amount which the Government has already
paid may be sufficient to reimburse all the
losses it has caused, but no one can form an
intelligent opinion in relation to that until we
haye a report of the facts.
Now, by the resolution reported by the com-
mittee, if this $1,400,000 already paid is not
sufficient to make good to the contractors all
the losses which occurred from the action of
the Government, the necessary information is
required to be furnished upon which Congress
can act and give them a just and true measure
of compensation.
Mr. MILLER. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask if that $1,400,000 already paid was
over and above the contract price?
Mr. SLOAN. It was. It is alleged that this
allowance is not large enough to compensate
for the action of the Government, and the
House is in entire ignorance whether it is or
not, or whether it was at fault at all; and there
are no means of judging to what extent, if any,
the Government was at fault. I apprehend, if
the Senate bill shall be adopted by this House
in lieu of the resolution which the Committee
of Claims have reported, it will not be a final
settlement of these claims; for when the claim-
ants find themselves in the situation of having
this arbitrary and partial rule applied to them
by which some will be paid in full one hundred
per cent, on all their losses, others fifteen per
cent., others twenty-five, and others fifty, we
shall find those who have been awarded but a
portion of their loss coming here at some future
session and saying, without inquiring whether
there was any "liability on the part of the Gov-
ernment, " You have paid A, B, and C in full
one hundred per cent, for all their losses, and
you have paid mo but fifteen per cent.," or
twenty-five or fifty per cent., as the case may
be. Now, I desire to know what answer will
be made to that by any member who desires to
do justice betweon the Government and the
claimant? No answer can be made; and the
result will be that in addition to this $1,100,000
which the Senate bill requires to be taken out
of the Treasury, another $1,100,000 must fol-
low at some future time for the purpose of
equalizing the claims and putting them upon
just grounds.
Mr. GRINNELL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman whether he cousiders that a payment in
thig case would be the establishment of a pre-
cedent which could not be resisted in the set-
tlement of the claims of other contractors,
which are sure to be presented for considera-
tion ? . , ,
Mr. SLOAN. I do regard it as the estab-
lishment of such a precedent I know of no
reason why, if one contractor is paid on a cer-
tain principle and another contractor also
comes and brings his case within the same
principle, he shall be denied the same measure
of relief.' If the House adopts this Senate
bill, it will be an instruction to the Committee
of Claims to give to those contractors who have i
built light-houses, who have furnished paper
to the Post Office Department, who have done
work on the Treasury Department, or on the
Capitol dome, and who bring similar claims
before the committee, the same relief.
Mr. GRINNELL. I have a great many
friends who are mail contractors, and they
want to come in and get pay for the losses they
haye incurred.
Mr. SLOAN. It will depend upon the action
of the House in this case whether they shall
apply or not. If we afford relief to the con-
tractors in this case without having it estab-
lished that the Govermritnt occasioned the loss,
then, in my judgment, we can refuse relief to no
contractor who is in the same situation and who
falls within the same rule, through the whole
wide range of business which is carried on by
the Government in the Navy Department, the
War Department, the Interior Department,
the Treasury Department, and the Post Office
Department. The contractors under all these
Departments will stand in the same situation
as these men wherever prices went up during
the execution of their contracts. The estab-
lishment of this principle by the adoption of
the Senate bill would be an invitation to swarms
of claimants from all the Departments of the
Government, and from all parts of the country,
to come here and ask relief, because they lost
on their contracts in consequence of the in-
crease of prices during their execution; and
what answer can gentlemen make to them if
they vote for this Senate bill? Are we to say
that we will arbitrarily, as it pleases us, give
relief to one man and deny it to another who
stands upon the same principle and who has
every consideration of justice and equity to
support his claim that these claimants have?
I trust not. It is equivalent to establishing the
principle that no man shall ever sustain a loss
by taking a contract of the Government of the
United States; that if from any cause prices go
up so that he is involved in loss in executing
his contract the Congress of the United States
will make him good; no matter what enor-
mous profits he may make from contracts with
the Government when he has a good one he
may rafain them ; but when he happens to have
an unfortunate contract, the Government will
insure him against loss.
I speak more strongly on this question be-
cause I have been in a situation as member of
the Committee of Claims to see and to judge
to what an alarming extent such a principle
would involve the Government in the expendi-
ture of money. If it is adopted it ought im-
mediately to be followed by a law which would
abolish the making of contracts on the part of
the Government for any work, or in any of its
Departments.
Mr. MYERS. With the permission of the
gentleman from Wisconsin, I desire to say that
I am in favor of the principle adopted gener-
ally in this bill, but I want to ask the gentle-
man why the committee omit the names of a
large number of men, such as C. H. & W.
M. Cramp, Neafie & Levy, and Hillman_&
Streaker, who are equally entitled to relief with
those named? I should like the gentleman to
answer that question.
I am in favor of tlift Senate amendment, or
the equally fair substitute of my friend from
Kentucky, on the committee, [Mr. McIvek. ]
Mr. SLOAN. It is true, as the gentleman
from Pennsylvania states, that the amendment
which we have reported includes only a part
of the cases which the Senate bill proposes to
relieve; but the reason for our omitting the
cases which are left out is this: the largest
amount of the loss which is claimed to have
occurred was sustained by the builders of iron-
clads and their machinery. The claims of the
builders of wooden vessels and the machinery
for wooden vessels are generally small, and it
is not urged in relation to them that they were
delayed or that, to any considerable extent,
important changes or alterations were made on
the part of the Government; and we thereiore
thought that those cases could be omitted from
this inquiry. We proposed to let the principle
