710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfc.
January 24,
The yeas and nays were ordered*, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Chandler, Crcswell,
Fogg, Harris, Lane, Ramsey, Sprague, Van Winkle,
and w illey—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Cattell, Cragin, Dixon, Fcssenden,
Foster, Frelinghuysen, Howe, Johnson, Kirkwood,
Morgan, Morrill, Sherman, Stewart, Trumbull,
Williams, and Wilson—16.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Conncss,
Cowan, Davis, Doolittle, Edmunds, Fowler, Grimes,
Guthrie, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, McDou-
gall, Nesmith, Norton; Nye, Patterson, Poland,
Pomeroy, Riddle, Ross, Saulsbury, Sumner, Wade*
and Yates—-26.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
refuses to adjourn, but the vote' discloses the
fact that there is no quorum present.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That mo-
tion is not now in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that to-morrow
the Senate take a recess at half past four
o'clock; and pending that motion, I move that
the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You cannot order a
recess without a quorum.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the Senator from Ohio to move an
adjournment?
' Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is in order.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
H€>USE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 24, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
a recusant witness.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a privileged question.
I am instructed by the joint select Committee
on Retrenchment to submit a preamble and
resolution, as follows:
Whereas J. F. Tracy was duly summoned to ap-
pear before the joint select Committee on Retrench-
ment to testify relative to an inquiry directed bya
resolution of this House; and whereas the said
Traoy has refused or neglected to obey the subpoena
duly served upon him : Therefore,
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed
to produce the body of said J. F. Tracy before the
bar of the House to answer for his said contempt,
I have here the process duly returned and
personally served. *
The resolution was adopted.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. KASSON, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, reported a bill making appropri-
ation for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian Department, and fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes for the
year ending June 30, 1868; which was read a
first and second time, referred to Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, made
the special order for Tuesday next_ after the
morning hour, and ordered to be printed.
circuit courts in pennsylvania.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill directing a circuit court to be
held at the city of Erie, in the State of Penn-
sylvania } which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
J udiciary.
duty on wagons, etc.
Mr. DEFREES, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Rosolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of pla-
cing on the freelist wagons, wagon and plow Harness,
common bedsteads, chairs, and tables.
the bounty bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, it will Be
remembered that the Committee on Military
Affairs had authority to report b"ack what is
known as the bounty'bill at any time. I have
been waiting patiently for some days now for
action of the House upon the reconstruction
bill, but I am anxious to proceed and I intend
to proceed speedily with the bounty bill, and I
now give notice that I will endeavor to report
it to-morrow or on Saturday.
PENSIONS TO SOLDIERS 01? 1812,
Mr. PERHAM, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, submitted
a report in writing in regard to the bill grant-
ing lands to the soldiers of the war of 1812;
which was recommitted to the committee, and
ordered to be printed.
printing of a report.
Mr. PERHAM, by unanimousconsent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was re-
ferred, under the law, to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That five thousand extra copies of the
reportof the Committee on Invalid Pensions on the
bill granting pensions to the soldiers of the war of
1812 be printed for the use of the House.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. MILLER, leave was granted
for the withdrawal from the files of the House
of the papers of Dr. Alcon, copies being left.
distribution of documents. '
Mr. WENTWORTH, by unanimousconsent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That all documents ordered by the present
Congress to be published, and which are actually
printed before the 1st day of December next, shall be
allotted as heretofore to the members of the present
Congress, and transmitted to their residences as fast
as possiblo unless otherwise ordered by the members
themselves.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table. *
The latter motion was agreed to.
The morning hour now commenced, aud the
House resumed the call of the committees for
reports.
agricultural college in tennessee.
Mr. BIDWELL, from the Committee on
Agriculture, reported back, with an amend-
ment in the nature'of a substitute, joint reso-
lution of the House No. 213, to extend the pro-
visions of the acts in regard to agricultural
colleges to the State of Tennessee.
The substitute was read, and is as follows:
That the provisions of the act of J uly 2,1862, ontitled
"An act donating public lands to the several States
and Territories which may provide colleges for the
benefit of agriculture and the mechanic arts," and of
the act to amend the fifth section thereof, approved
July 23, 1866, are hereby extended and made appli-
cable to the State of Tennessee.
Mr. BIDWELL. I think there can be no
objection to the passage of this substitute.
The substitute was agreed to.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution, as amended, to be engrossed and
read a third time.
-Mr. LE BLOND. I did desire to ask the
gentleman a question before the substitute was
agreed to. I see this is a proposition to extend
the benefits of the land-grant act to the State
of Tennessee; and if I recollect correctly a bill
was passed some time ago conferring the bene-
fits of the land-grants upon all States, includ-
ing all the States lately in rebellion. Some
time during this session a resolution was passed
denying the extension of this privilege to the
States lately in rebellion. If I understood the
joint resolution now before the House when it
was read, it proposes to extend this privilege
to the State of Tennessee alone out of all the
States lately in rebellion. Am I correct?
Mr. BIDWELL. If the gentleman is through
I will answer him.
Mr. LE BLOND. That is the point I want
first to know.
Mr. BIDWELL. I will ask tlie Clerk to
read the bill which passed at the last session
of Congress ; it is a very short one.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the time in which the sovernl States
may comply with the provisions of the act of J uly 2,
1862, entitled "An act donating public lands to the
several States and Territories which may provide
colleges for the benefit of agriculture and the me-
chanic arts," 13 hereby extended so that the accept-
ance of the benefits of the said act may be expressed
within three years from the passage of this act, and
the colleges required by the said actmay be provided
within five years from the date of the filing of such
acceptance with the Commissioner of the General
Land Office: Provided, That when any Territory
shall become a State and bc_admitted into the Union,
su„h new State shall be entitled to the benefitsof the
said act of July 2,1862, by expressing the acceptance
therein required within three years irom the date of
its admission into the Union, and providing the col-
lege or colleges within five years after such accept-
ance, as prescribed in this act: Provided further.
That any State which has heretofore expressed its
acceptance of the act herein referred to shall have
the period of five years within which to provide at
least one college, as described in the fourth section
of said act, after the time for providing said college,
according to the act of J uly 2,1862, shall have ex-
pired."
Mr. BIDWELL. Now I presume the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Le Blond] is familiar
with the act of 1802. That act provided that
its provisions shouW not be applicable to a
State while in rebellion. In order that there
might be no doubt as to the extension of the
provisions of that act, and of the act which has
just been read, to the State of Tennessee, it
was thought proper to pass this special resolu-
tion making the provisions of the act of 1862
and the act of 1866 applicable to the State of
Tennessee. Whether or not that be the best
mode may be a question. If it be not the best
mode, in order to clear up every doubt which
may exist there certainly can be no harm in
this action. If the law of 1802, and the law
of 1866 amendatory thereof, do already apply
to the State of Tennessee, as well as to all the
other States which were in rebellion, then this
joint resolution can have no bad effect. There-
fore I hope this joint resolution will be put
upon its passage now.
Mr. LE BLOND. By permission of the gen-
tleman I would like to add another remark.
I understand the original act to ap|#y to all
the States lately in rebellion. This joint res-
olution proposes to put Tennessee in advance
of the rest of those States, thus making an
invidious distinction between the other States
which have been in rebellion and the State of
Tennessee.
Now, sir, the original act was for the pur-
pose of advancing the interests of agriculture
and arts. It does seem to me that this joint
resolution should be so iflnended as to embrace
every State in this Union, and not make any
of these distinctions. There is no reason why
Tennessee should be made an exception to the
State of Virginia or Georgia or North Caro-
lina. Every one of these States, upon a ques-
tion of this kind at least, ought to be put upon
the same footing in regard to the benefits of
this land grant. There certainly has been 110
reason offered by the gentleman why that
should not be done. I know of nothing that
Tennessee has done which entitles her to more
of our consideration than the other States
should receive from us.
I believe that this act of 1862 was infringed
upon by a resolution introduced into this House
some time ago : but whether it has been passed
by the Senate or not I am not able to say. I
am in favor of giving this privilege to all of
the States, to extend it to all which may within
live years come forward and signify their accept-
ance of the terms of the law.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman from
California [Mr. BunvELiJ yield to me for a few
moments?
Mr. BIDWELL. I will yield to the gentle-
man for five minutes.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have nothing .to say
about the other States. If any gentleman
thinks the provisions of this law should be
extended for their benefit, then let him intro-
duce a bill to that effect. But I protest against
the State of Tennessee being at all complicated
in any way with any of the other States lately
in rebellion. As I have often stated before,
she stands in a different attitude, moral, polit-
ical, and in every respect, from the other of
those States. I desire that she shall be heard
