1474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
upon -which relief shall be granted be settled
in the case of the more important claimants,
and then if there were any of the contractors
for wooden vessels or for the machinery for
wooden vessels who were entitled to relief on
like principles, it would be very easy to give
them relief in the same way.
Mr. MYERS. Only one moment, in reply
to the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Sloaht.]
One of the parties to whom I have referred
has a claim of $22,000; I do not know that the
gentleman will consider that of much import-
ance. Now, if we adopt the principle Teeom-
mended by the committee—that the Govern-
ment shall pay these men for losses occasioned
by the fault of the Department—the matter
will be left to a commission appointed by the
Department to determine whether the Depart-
ment has been in fault.
Mr. SLOAN. I think all important inter-
ests will be subserved by having the reference
which the committee recommend.
I now call the previous question on the adop-
tion of the substitute reported by the commit-
tee. If the previous question is seconded there
will be an hour for debate, of which I will
yield some to others.
Mr. LYNCH. Is the bill now open to amend-
ment?
The SPEAKER. There is now pending to
the Senate bill an amendment and an amend-
ment to the amendment. The amendment was
reported by the majority of the Committee of
Claims; the amendment to the amendment
was reported by the minority of the committee.
That is as far as the power of amendment can
go, except by unanimous consent, now that the
previous question has been called.
Mr. LYNCH. I ask unanimous consent to
amend the substitute reported by the committee
by inserting the words "Portland Company"
alter the words "Stover Machine Company."
Mr. SLOAN. I have no objection to that.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
the substitute will be modified as suggested.
No objection was made.
Mr. SLOAN. I now call for the previous
question.
Mr. MYERS. I desire to move to amend
by inserting the following: "C. H. & W.
M. Cramp, Neafie & Levy, and Hillman &
Streaker" after the words "Stover Machine
Company."
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. And also to insert
" Poole & Hunt."
Mr. SLOAN. I think such change will be
made as will be satisfactory. I insist upon the
call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Si.oan] is now entitled to one hour
to close the debate.
Mr. SLOAN. I now yield ten minutes of
my time to the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
woodbridge.]
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I may want a little
more than ten minutes. I would inquire of
the Chair if the Senate bill is now pending?
The SPEAKER. The Senate bill is pend-
ing with the substitute reported by the majority
of the Committee of Claims, and the amend-
ment to the substitute reported by the minority
of the committee.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Doubtless all the
members of the House, in their private and
business relations, desire to do justice to all
with whom they are brought in contact. Now,
I believe that the passage of the measure pro-
posed by the majority of the Committee of
Claims will fail to do justice to a class of men
with whom the Government have had business
relations, and who have devoted their best
energies and their capital for the benefit of the
Government, and have met with very serious
losses by reason thereof.
In 1861, when the late rebellion was inaug-
urated, the vessels of our Navy were scattered
all over the world. We had a coast of three
thousand miles to blockade. In the insurgent
region there were forts and important places
then in possession of the enemy, which it was
indispensable for us to take. And it became
necessary to raise in the shortest possible time—
to build a fleet sufficient not only to blockade
our coasts, but monitors and iron-clads were
required which could successfully pass forts
and resist the cannon with which they were
mounted.
The Government had no experience in the
building of iron-clads, and were not able in
their own work-shops and navy-yards to meet
the necessary demands. All the ship-yards of
the country of any magnitude and importance
were called into requisition; and the ship-
builders abandoned their accustomed work and
devoted their money and their time to the ser-
vice of the Government.
The claimants do not ask any profits out of
their contracts. They only ask that they may
be placed just where they were before they
began the construction of the vessels which
were imperatively demanded at the time they
were constructed. They do not ask to make
one cent, and if we pass the Senate bill they
will lose the interest on their money for several
years.
Now, sir, the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Sloan,] representing the majority of the
committee, has said that if we vote for the
Senate bill we must vote blindly. He admits
that where losses resulted from the delays
caused by the action of the Government in
changing the specifications and plans, &c., it is
proper that some compensation should be made;
but he holds that no compensation should bo
made except where loss occurred by the direct
interference of the Government. In other
words, his position is that the Government
should pay nothing except what it would be
obliged to pay in an action at law, could the
Government be made a party to a suit at law.
Now, sir, so far as regards the argument that
in adopting the Senate bill we must act blindly,
the gentleman, who I know would not misrep-
resent, is mistaken. What are the facts in ref-
erence to the matter? Some of these applica-
tions were before the Thirty-Eighth Congress,
and were then discussed, being conscientiously
opposed by some gentlemen and advocated by
others, who held that the Government would
only perform its duty by paying these claims.
Finally a resolution passed the Senate author-
izing the Secretary of the Navyto raise a com-
mission of intelligent and scientific gentlemen,
who should examine the vessels each by them-
selves, take testimony, and decide what had
been the actual loss to the contractors. Any
gentleman who will examine that report will
find that so far as the iron-clads are concerned,
the naval commission in almost every instance
finds that the losses were incurred to the great-
est extent and in some cases entirely by reason
of changes made in specifications and plans by
the Government, which caused great delays
and large losses by reason of the advance in
the prices of materials and labor during the
time that the work was suspended. Sir, with
this report before us, we shaH not vote blindly.
These scientific naval men, honorable and in-
telligent gentlemen, made their investigation
under the authority of the Secretary of the
Navy and the Senate of the United States, and
reported the result of their investigation, with
the testimony adduced before them, and a
specification of the losses incurred on each
vessel.
There is no doubt, sir, that for all loss in-
curred by reason of the interference of the
Government in the contract, there would be a
legal claim against the Government if it could
be enforced; and it is urged that if we go
further and pay a claim based only upon equity
we make an extravagant and unwarrantable
use of the people's money. But, sir, I hold
that a Government which cannot be made a
party in an action at law, which cannot be sued
and compelled to do right by a decision of the
courts, should deal equitably with its citizens.
The claimants simply ask us, who are the guar-
dians of the people's rights, as well as of the
people's Treasury, to do that equity which a .
generous and conscientious man would do in
Bis personal business. Ought we not to do it?
Sre gentlemen frightened at the idea of taking
$1,000,000 from the Treasury of the United
States to place these men in statu quo, to pro-
tect them from the actual loss which they have
incurred in doing their duty to the utmost ex-
tent of their ability ? What is proposed is that
we shall say to these contractors, "We will
not allow you one dollar of profit; you shall
lose the labor of months; you shall lose the
interest on your money; you shall lose the use
of your yards; but we will pay you precisely
what the vessels, which have been of such ser-
vice to the country, have cost you." Is there
anything wrong in this ? Surely not, sir.
The contractors when the war broke out
abandoned their customary business that they
might do this work for the Government. None
of them expected that in consequence of the
war and the necessary inflation of our currency
the price of labor, the price of timber, and the
price of everything entering into the building
of a ship would be doubled, if not quadrupled.
They did not know this, and they could not be
expected to know it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. SLOAN. I now yield twenty minutes
to my colleague on the committee.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Iam sorry that my
time has expired, as I have a few more obser-
vations to make.
Mr. SPALDING. I move the gentleman
have leave to print the remaining portion of
his speech.
Mr. McKEE. I yield to the gentleman from
Vermont five minutes of my time.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I will not trespass
on the gentleman's time to the extent of five
minutes, as I have already gone through the
principal argument respecting the propriety of
affording the relief which the bill as it passed
the Senate grants. The demand is not unrea-
sonable, and is based upon the highest equity.
There is no pretense of any fault or laches on
the part of the contractors. The delays were
occasioned by the action of the Government, and
in the mean time the contractors were obliged
to pay their employes, while waiting for permis-
sion to continue their work. They were in the
hands of the Government and utterly remedi-
less. The currency was constantly deprecia-
ting. Gold was constantly advancing, and with
it every species of labor and material. They
lost money which they would not have lost if
it had not been for the direct and positive in-
terference of the Government with their con-
tracts.
Mr. Speaker, I think it is always best to do
right. Henry Clay uttered a noble sentiment
when he said it was better to be right than to
be President. Is it not just that these peti-
tioners should be made good for the losses
they have sustained? They constructed a new
and powerful navy for the country, and had it
not been for the efficiency of their work the
result of the war through which we have just
passed successfully would have been postponed
to a still later day. It was the iron-clads that
protected our northern ports from the ravages
of the pirates of the rebel confederacy which so
long preyed upon our commerce. It was the
iron-clads that captured the fortresses at the
mouths of southern rivers, and blockaded those
rivers against the entrance of all articles con-
traband of war.
To these gentlemen we are indebted for the
iron-clads which accomplished such great re-
sults for the country; and by voting to them
this relief we do nothing but what is equitable.
Although we may not come down to the abso
lute point of division where the loss was occa-
sioned by the delay of the Government, and
by the rise of materials, still we know that
the greatest portion of the loss was caused by
the direct interference of the Government.
We were the first nation that ever attempted
to build iron-clads. It was an experiment,
and whenever any new suggestion was adopted,
the contractors were obliged to wait for Maw-
