1867 ]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Government of Insurrectionary States—Mr. Noell.
Ho. of Reps.
of the dead. But their offense is small com-
pared to the crime of those who rob a nation's
fallen patriots of their honor and fame. I
We were suddenly informed that these sister
States were dead. The nation looked at the
distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stete.vs] to know what big joke he was
getting off, for he perpetrates huge grim jokes
frequently. It was a joke on Great Britain
when Cromwell was made Protector; it was
a joke on France when the uncle and the
nephew were succinctly constituted consul
ana president of that republic ; but this was
the grimmest joke that was ever perpetrated ;
on the world." It made even the iron men
laugh; it was enough to make a horse laugh 1
No doubt the lean, starved, spavined, army
horses which had worn themselves to bony
skeletons dragging around artillery and bag-
gage wagons in the war for the Union rubbed
their noses against each other's visible ribs
and said in their horse dialect, "That's a big
joke on us 1" Dead!
Ay, there's the rub,-
" For in that sleep of .death what dreams may come
of golden visions and of mighty fortunes 1
Dead was tie word. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania said '' dead." The distinguished
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Colfax,] who
presides so worthily over this House, said
dead, and all Hoosierdom echoed the word.
Members from Illinois said dead, and the
Suckers of that State wiggled their tails with
joy at the discovery. The peal of dead States
went out from the Alleghanies and reverber-
ated from the Rocky mountains. The people
robbed their eyes in surprise. My distinguished
colleague from St. Louis asked, " When did they
die?" " Humph!" you replied, "they have
been dead all the time.'' Imagine the surprise
of the venerable Rip Van Winkle when he came
down from the Catskill and was informed that
his old chums Frank Stein and Nick Vetter
had been dead and buried and rotten for fifteen
years, and you will have some idea of our
astonishment when we were gravely informed
that these States had been dead four years.
This waa the end of that sublime farce in which
two million men had been the actors and the
world the audience. It was but to consum-
mate a scheme of northern Machiavellism that
we went to war. The old flag which floated in
the skies above the smoke of every battle-field,
with every star bright upon its folds; the old
flag which floated upon every sea and glad-
dened the heart of the American citizen every-
where ; the old flag under which brave men
fought and died; which was wrapped around
their dead bodies by their comrades in arms
as a sacred winding-sheet, Was all a flaunt-
ing lie! Ah, when the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania perpetrated that joke it was enough
to convulse the Goddess of Liberty with dying
laughter and shake her from her pedestal
above this Capitol. _ , . ,
An American poet, sitting amid the ruins ot
the palace of the Caesars, and looking back
through the dim vist  of past ages, had a
vision. The ruined palace sprung up and was
repeopled, and he found'himself in an enchanted
ball-room, surrounded by people engaged m
joyous revelry—
"Full of youth and grace and beauty, flaunting
_ plumes and purple palls, , , , , ,
Kobes of gold and silver tissue, jeweled stars ana
Perfumed airs and flaming candles, peals of laughter,
„ mirth, and song, „ ,
Merry music, dizzy dancers, floating dreamily
along; ... . ' • _
Some in gay saloons were feasting, some at gaming
tables strove, . .  ,
While along the terraced gardens others walked
and whispered love."
Bat, with the fitful caprice of all dreams, the
dancers were all suddenly transformed
"Hideous specters, grim and .ghastly, filled the
Quests and servants and musicians, hideous specters
Were t.hall • -•
Yet the horrid transformation seemed no hind'rance
to the bail I
Still the band made merry music, grinned and
wagged their skulls about.
Bearing salvors and refreshments ghosts went
gliding in and out.
Whirling on in 'wilderingwaltaes went the dancers
close embraced,
Each his bony arm entwining round nis partner s
TTTQlQt
Bony feet in circles blending, flcshless fingers
interlaced;
Still they feasted, still they flirted, laughed, and
jested as before;
Plumes and coronals andchaplots, stars and crosses
still they wore."
If these States be dead, why, then let us cut
loose from them. If they are united to us as
closely as the Siamese twins are to each other,
there is the more necessity for dissolving this I
monstrous connection of the living and the
dead. Professor Galvani, who invented the
electro-magnetic battery, thought he had dis- ,
covered the elixir of life. When his grand- j
father died he is said to have expressed joy, j
for now he could bring him to life and restore
him to a more healthy state than before his j
death. He applied the poles of the battery to
his grandfather's legs and the old gentleman's i
corpse sprung upon its feet. He applied it to i
his face and the corpse grinned. He applied it
to his arm, and the galvanized corpse knocked
the professor down and fell down itself. The
professor buried his grandfather's corpse, and
tried no more experiments on dead men.
It is a lamentable fact in human transac-
tions that neither Governments nor parties are
impelled to do any act for the sake of justice
or humanity. If an idea is advanced which is
not coupled with an interest or penalty, it is
regarded as a theoretical dream and laughed at.
Heaven tempts the selfish saint to virtue, and
hell drives the wicked from vice. Take away
Heaven and hell and you would find a Socrates
now and then—probably with the liver com-
plaint.
In England, when government was secured
permanently, the land interest controlled it.
The landholders were the aristocratic few and
sould combine to build up that interest at the
expense of the other interests of society. They
passed laws giving bounty for the exportation
of corn and prohibiting its importation. This
increased the price of corn and gave large
profits to the landholder. When the manu-
facturers grew strong enough to vindicate their
interests in Parliament the corn laws were
swept from the statute-book.
From the foundation of the General Govern-
ment of the United States there were two gen-
eral interests contending for supremacy in the
national councils: the manufacturing and the
agricultural. The manufacturers lived in a
cold climate,which made them vigorous, active,
and persistent. The blue-eyed northman has
always borne down the swarthy southron. ^ It
the people of South Carolina were Connecticut
clocK peddlers that State would have been in
the Union on her own terms long ago. The
soil of the manufacturing districts is sterile,
and it is "root hog or die" with the inhabit-
ants. [Laughter.] This produces a thrifty
people. It is said that a Yankee baby once
lay in his cradle and rolled his eyes around till
he invented a new back-action rocker, for
which he took out a patent as soon as he was
old enough to talk. [Laughter.] The influ-
ence of circumstances in producing ideas of
thrift is forcibly illustrated in Kansas. It is
said that boys ten years of age sit round on
the street corners of Leavenworth City late in
the night smoking cigars and making plans for
jayhawking in Missouri. [Laughter.]
The manufacturers had a definite increase to
gain by tariffs. If the tariff on iron is raised
one cent a pound it is equal to raising the price
of all iron on hand two cents per pound.
The tariffs only affect the farmer indirectly .and
in a manner not noticeable, Hke rat holes in a
barn floor. He finds his plows cost mow and
his wagons and all the implements of hus-
bandry, but he never traces this back to its
cause, but pays oat his whole profits in httle
dribs without asking a question. If the amount
he pays thus were footed up at the end of the
year, and he were asked to plank it down in
one pile, no farmer would suffer the imposi-
tion.
The manufacturers were the few capitalists,
and could combine; the farmers are the many,
scattered abroad over the whole country. A
combination and active exertion of influence
is the great source of strength to any measure.
"What is everybody's business is nobody's busi-
ness. The farmers do not form combinations to
vindicate their own interests; they do not desire
to take any advantage over any other class of
persons, consequently they have no organization
and plan to set their claims before the country.
The fewest number take the pains even to think
for themselves. A former reads an agricult-
ural paper, and perhaps a political partisan
paper which some politician has advised him
to subscribe for. The agricultural paper com-
mands his earnest thought, for it relates to his
business, and he must test every statement in
it before he believes it; but the partisan paper
does his political thinking, and he does not give
himself the trouble to weigh its statements in
the light of probability or reason.
As I was traveling through my district I
noticed a curious circumstance. Wherever I
found a house standing which had been built
before the war, (in many localities all were
burned by troops on one side or the other,) I
saw remnants of old newspapers pasted on the
walls. I could almost infallibly tell from the
character of these paper remnants what had
been the sympathy and action of the family
during the war. The papers had done their
thinking and instilled into their hearts loyalty
or disloyalty. What a sad thing to reflect upon,
that good men should be shot, their mothers
or children driven from home, and their houses
burned and property destroyed, all on account
of the accident of having subscribed for a news-
paper. This ought to be a warning to all per-
sons never to take a paper. [Laughter.] The
prospect of a definite gain, or the fear of a
definite loss, will stir up any class to unusual
labors.
Take the tariff on iron; the cost of plows,
shovels, hoes, wagons, wheelbarrows, axes,
cutlery, and every thing most useful to fanners
is doubled. It is the same case with thrash-
ing-machines and the engines and gearing of
mills. The price of railroad iron is raised so
much that the building of a railroad is a most
herculean task. Several railroads have been
projected in southeast Missouri, and every
natural inducement exists for their comple-
tion ; but they can never be built at the present
cost of railroad iron. The cost of steam-
boat building makes the freight of farmers
produce enormous. The cost of ship-build-
ing, owing to high tariffs, has become so enor-
mous that American Vessels are driven from
the ocean and foreign vessels do our carrying
trade. The vessels which carry American prod-
uce to foreign markets are built upon the
Clyde and the Tyne. Our tariffs compel us to
patronize the ship-builders who launched the
Alabama. Instead of being a first-rate Power,
we are not even a third-rate Power upon the
high seas. Out upon the trackless waste of the
world's waters the ocean wayfarer seldom
meets the stars and stripes. A great deal of
sympathy is expended here upon that hybrid
race of mixed breed Spaniards, Indians, and
negroes, known by the generic name of greasers,
headed by a mongrel president; s nation ot
revolutionists whose daily murder# are enough
to appall mankind; but we have bo blush ot
shanirtingling our cheeks at the humiliation
of the United States in foreign commerce.
The codfish aristocracy bad bounties for fishing
in order to build up a navy; even then they
loved bounties. ,,,
But I digress. I was speaking of the powei
of combination and legislative influence, of
the capitalists and manufacturers. From the
