1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
and judged upon her own merits. She has
organized a government which Congress has
recognized as one which it is willing in the
name of the United States to guaranty; and
in consequence of this her Senators and Rep-
resentatives have been admitted to scats in
Congress. This is not the case with the ten
other States. Tennessee stands before the
country in an attitude as far removed from that
which they occupy as
" From tho center thrice to the utmost pole."
I desire in behalf of the State of Tennessee
and of my colleagues, including the one now
absent, who introduced this proposition, that
the case of Tennessee shall be decided upon its
merits: and let every other State through its
advocates or its representatives be heard in the
same way and upon the same principle. '' Let
every tub stand upon its own bottom" is an
expression that has more force and justice per-
haps than rhetorical beauty. On this principle
I hope the House will accept the report of the
Committee on Agriculture, adopt this bill
applicable to our State; and if gentlemen think
it should be extended to other States, let them
bring in a proposition for that purpose, and we
will consider it respectfully and decide upon it
justly; but I do hope that our claims will not
be prejudiced or embarrassed by having those
ten unrepresented States tied on to a proposi-
tion of this kind, introduced for the benefit of
our State.
Mr. LB BLOND. Will the gentleman from
California- [Mr. Bidwell] yield to me five
minutes?
Mr. BIDWELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. LE BLOND. Mr. Speaker, nothing
that has been presented by the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] is sufficient in -my
judgment to induce us to make an exception
in this case in favor of Tennessee. The bill,
as I understand, proposes simply that we shall
grant to that State an extension of the time in
which she may signify her willingness to accept
the grant under the law of 1862. Sir, the fact
that Tennessee has undertaken to change her
form of government furnishes no reason, in my
judgment, why this extension of time should
be given to that State. In my judgment, it is
a matter of no consequence. Laying aside
everj7 political consideration, it is no reason
why Tennessee should be made an exception.
This act of 1862, the time for the. acceptance
of which it is now proposed to extend, is a
benevolent grant of lands to the States and
Territories, for the purpose of encouraging
agriculture and the mechanic arts. This being
the fact, then, even on the theory of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
who declares ten States of this Union "dead
States" or "Territories"—and we expeet to
vote to-day upon a bill based on this doctrine—
still, under the act of 1862 those States would
be embraced as Territories and are entitled to
the grant contemplated by that law. Sir, if
an extension of timfe is to be granted it ought
to be granted to every one of the States lately
in rebellion. I am unwilling to make Tennes-
see an exception to the general rule that is to
govern those States. All that Tennessee has
done in the way of changing her State organi-
zation entitles her, in my judgment, to no pref-
erence in regard to the grant proposed by the
act of 1862. I hold that every one of the ten
States now denied representation in Congress
is to-day a State within this Union, able to sig-
nify, under its present organization, its accept-
ance of this grant and entitled to receive it.
Nothing that any of those States has done
should in my view deprive them of the privi-
lege of accepting the tendered grant ; and to
my mind it is an illustration of the vicious sys-
tem of legislation prevailing here that this
House is willing to strike down the means of
communicating intelligence to the people of
that country simply because they have been
charged with having been in a state of rebellion.
Sir, my feelings upon that subject are not going
to carry me so far as to induce me to destroy
or withhold the means of educating the chil-
dren in those States because the fathers erred.
Mr. GRINNELL. Will the gentkman^allow
me to ask him a question ? .
Mr. LE BLOND. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRINNELL. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman whether he has seen or heard of any
request from those other ten States such as has
been presented from the State of Tennessee
in regard to this grant.
Mr. LE BLOND. It is not necessary that
there should be such a request or application.
If you pretend to legislate for the education of.
the people and sincerely desire that intelligence
should be disseminated, why should you not
extend the time forthe acceptance of the grant
so that those States may enjoy its advantages ?
Why should not the time be extended for the
•benefit of those States as well as for the ben-
efit of Tennessee? It ought not to be neces-
sary that_ they should ask before we will do
them justice. Why, sir, by this act they pro-
pose to hold the children responsible for the
misdeeds of the parents. The day for any
such doctrine has gone by. They have no
Representatives here from those States to ask
for the benefit of this act, and the gentlemen
on that side do not propose to give them a
Representative here to speak for themselves
as the gentleman from Tennessee has spoken
for his State.
Mr. GRINNELL. Let me ask a question.
I should like to ask the gentleman from Ohio
whether that is the fault of Congress or of the
ten southern States which are not represented
here? Did they themselves declare they were
out of the Union and aliens?
Mr. LE BLOND. Is it the fault of the chil-
dren in those States that those States are not
now represented? That is the true question, and
not whether the adults are not represented.
This act is for the benefit of the rising genera-
tion, and not for the benefit of those who have
grown up into manhood and womanhood. But,
sir, the gentleman by this very legislation pro-
poses to inflict the punishment of the parents
upon the children that were unfortunately born
in the States lately in rebellion.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BIDWELL. I will say a word, and
then yield to the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Stokes.]
I wish to say. in reply to the gentleman from
Ohio, that I had no idea a simple repprt from
the Committee on Agriculture would, reopen
the entire question of reconstruction of the
southern States. Still I believe that in this
manner, by this precise question, the whole
question of reconstruction can be settled—the
question whether a State is or is not entitled
to receive lands donated for agricultural col-
leges. I believe if a State is entitled to re-
ceive that donation at the hands of the Gov-
ernment, then that State is entitled to and
should be represented in this Congress. By
the act of 1862 it was provided that no State
then in the condition of rebellion and insur-
rection against the Government of the United
States should be entitled to the benefit of this
land. Now the question would arise as to the
precise point of time when the State ceased
to be in rebellion against the United States;
whether it was the moment Lee surrendered,
the moment Johnson surrendered, or any other
moment of time since the rebellion began in
1861. That is the question for us to determine.
It appears now to be the opinion of Congress
that the rebellion has not wholly disappeared.
Admitting that its armies have disbanded, the
guerrillas, a considerable portion of its force,
have not all retired from the occupation of
murdering freedmen and Union men. And I
hope, Mr. Speaker, this question will be settled
precisely in this way: that whenever a State
shall be deemed entitled to receive this dona-
tion at the hands of the Government, that mo-
ment that State shall be entitled to represent-
ation in Congress. I believe that is as safe
and speedy a mode as any other to determine
this question.
The act of 1862 further provided that no
State shall be entitled to the benefits of this
act unless it shall express its acceptance thereof
by its Legislature within two years from.the
date of its approval by the President. Did
any of the southern States which were in rebel-
lion express their acceptance within two years
of the date of this act ? If they did not, then
they were not entitled to the benefits of its
provisions.
The act of 1866, extending the provisions of
this same law, made no provision foe the States
which were not represented in the Congress of
the United States; and consequently there is
no law upSn the statute-book making provision
applicable to the States in rebellion except it
may be for the State of Tennessee. It makes
no provision for any State not represented, and
Tennessee even could not be entitled to the
benefits of it because she had not expressed
her acceptance. This resolution is for that
purpose and no other.
Mr. LB "BLOND. Let me ask a question.
Mr. BIDWELL. I yield for One question,
Mr. LE BLOND. I ask the gentleman
what was the necessity of the resolution that
was introduced by my colleague [Mr. Delano]
during this session denying to the States lately
in rebellion the privileges under that law until
otherwise provided by Congress ?-
Mr. BIDWELL. Mr. Speaker, I think tha
first difficulty, as I understand the question, is
due to the unconstitutional and unjustifiabl#
action of the Executive of this Union. I un-
derstand steps were being taken to issue agri-
cultural scrip to the States in rebellion, which
was unjustifiable and not provided by any law
upon the statute-book. Now I yield for a few
moments to the gentleman from Tennessee.
The SPEAKER. How many ?
Mr. BIDWELL. Ten.
Mr. STOKES. Mr. Speaker, I hope the
resolution as reported by the committee will
be adopted. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Le Blond] holds that there ought not to be
any difference made between Tennessee and the
other States that have been in rebellion. I
differ with him in that regard: there ought to
be a difference made by this House between
Tennessee and those other States. As the
gentleman from California [Mr. Bidwell] has
very truly remarked, if the other States will
adopt the policy that has been pursued by Ten-
nessee since the close of the war, I have no
hesitation in saying that this House will accept
their State governments and admit their Rep-
resentatives upon this floor.
Why, sir, the idea of not making a difference
between Tennessee and the other States is ab-
surd. When you come to compare the act of
the people of the loyal State of Tennessee and
.the people of the other States, how is it? Be-
fore the rebellion closed the loyal people of
Tennessee ordered a convention of five hun-
dred and twenty delegates, who assembled,
amended their State constitution, submitted it
to the loyal people, and on the 22d of February,
1865, the loyal people went to the polls and
ratified the constitution. They then elected a
loyal Legislature, and that Legislature, by virtue
of power delegated to them by our amended
constitution, and after having enfranchised tha
loyal men of the State, has prohibited all dis-
loyal men from voting or holding office. And
yesterday the lower branch of that Legislature
passed a bill to organize the militia and to
organize a regiment of cavalry subject to the
order of the Governor in each congressional
district. And they have gone further. They
have passed a bill striking out the word white
and have thus enfranchised every loyal man
in the State regardless of color. They havs
thus placed the government in the hands of
loyal men, and by the God that made them
they intend to keep it there. «
Now, I say let the other States do what Ten-
nessee has done, and I have no doubt that this
side of the House will vote to a man to recog-
nize their State governments and admit their
Representatives who are loyal.
A Member. And give them the land.
Mr. STOKES. Yes, sir ; and give them tha
land scrip. But I appeal to the House not to
trammel this resolution with an* amendment
