106
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 12,
Ho. of Reps.
Government of Insurrectionary States—Mr. Noell.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
causes I have mentioned there was every pros-
pect that centralization would be the theory of
our Government in the beginning. The Ham-
iltonian idea was undoubtedly stronger than
the Jeffersonian. The power of combination;
the definite gains of special interests and in-
definite loss of the general interests; the active
influence of the capital of manufacturers in col-
lecting statistics and lobbying bills through by
bargains with other special interests, all seemed
to give the manufacturers an easy victory.
But Whitney invented a cotton-gin; slavery
became profitable, the planters of the South
grew into an agricultural aristocracy. Free
labor was crushed out because it could not
stand competition with a class of laborers who
worked for their victuals and clothes. Small
plantations were overshadowed because the
planters of large plantations could undersell
the small. The man who must make enough
profit from the labor of five hands to support
his family cannot sell as cheaply as one who
makes the support of his family from the profits
of a hundred laborers' wages. The large plant-
ations gradually extinguish the small. The
planter bought more negroes to work more land
to buy more negroes. As his profits increased
his lands spread out, his fortune was like a pyra-
mid, continually rising in height and contin-
ually broadening at the base. Planting was
the most profitable channel capital could find,
and the planter had no money to invest in
stocks or manufactures; all the wealth of the
community was absorbed in this investment.
The rich became richer and the poor became
poorer. The planter was independent of the
handicraft of his neighbors; he needed nothing
of domestic manufacture but a few coarse fab-
rics for his slaves. His household consumed
silks, wines, and other foreign luxuries. Be-
tween the rich and the poor there was a com-
plete social disintegration; even negroes boasted
of the number of slaves owned by their masters,
and a poor man's slave could not pass muster
for respectability. Thus was aristocracy built
up in the South.
Slavery did the same thing in the Roman
republic. Prior to the fall of Carthage slaves
were used only as household menials; the
lands of the republic were parceled out; each
Roman cultivated his little farm with his own
hands. After the fall of Carthage the Roman
Senate, moved by the invectives of Cato and
influenced by the hatred of the people toward
the ancient enemy, who had but lately swept
like a simoon of wrath over Italy, decreed
that the inhabitants of Carthage and her allied
cities in Greece should be sold into slavery.
The devastations of Hannibal had made corn
Bcarce. The Carthagenian slaves were sold
into Sicily and used by the planters in the cul-
tivation of corn. This was the first time that
slaves had been used as agricultural laborers
in the Roman republic. Mark the conse-
quence. The scarcity and high price of corn
made slavery profitable; soon every farmer
purchased all the slaves he could to assist him
in cultivating land. All the lands of the peo-
ple and the immense public domain were en-
grossed by wealthy planters. Every conqueror
brought home a train of slaves to grace his
triumphal car. Caasar brought half a million
from Gaul. Slave traders penetrated to lands
where the Roman eagles never perched. The
Eternal City become a slave- market. There
might be seen in the same mart the voluptuous
Syrian and the shaggy Siberian, the black-
skinned Ethiopian and the cultivated Cartha-
genian, the savage Bushman and the refined
Greek, all for sale. The successful planters
became very wealthy, and the poor became
doubly poor. Some of the Romans owned as
many as twenty thousand slaves each. A
bloated aristocracy sat like an incubus upon
the Roman people. The latter were oppressed
with all the burdens of the Government, and
frequently seized by the planters and held as
slaves. There was no redress, for there was
no habeas corpvs in those days. Abject pov-
erty induced many of the poorer class to sell
themselves into slavery. When a noble patri-
cian feasts on nightingales' tongues his epicu-
reanism presupposes a thousand plebeians
starving for bread.
So slavery has always produced aristocracy.
In the South the capital increased, and the
aristocrats increased in fortune and diminished
in number. The great planters were not too
many to combine for their own protection.
Their property in slaves were in danger of ag-
gression from the central Government, so they
upheld the doctrine of States rights. Their
interests were agricultural; and all they asked
of the central Government was to be let alone.
Thus slavery appealed to the shibboleth of
States rights, and confronted the aggressive
centralization of the manufacturers.
The Republican party, under one name or
another, has always secretly upheld the doctrine
of prohibitory tariff and strong central Govern-
ment, coupled with ideas of internal improve-
ment ; but in 1856, in Fremont's platform, the
doctrine was boldly proclaimed. That same
year Buchanan's Cincinnati platform declared
that it was a usurpation of power in the Fed-
eral Government to build up special inter-
ests, at the expense of the general interests.
Buchanan beat Fremont, distanced him, for the
agricultural sections were alive to their own
interests.
In 1860 Mr. Lincoln's platform contained
the doctrine of prohibitory tariff, and the plat-
forms of Douglas and Breckinridge both con-
demned the doctrine that manufactures should
bo fostered at the expense of agriculture; but
in 1860 the fire-eaters of the South played
smash, nominated Breckinridge, and elected
Mr. Lincoln. As long as the Democratic party
held together nothing could defeat it. The
conflict was waged like all conflicts, political
and military, by the few against the few, the
slave-holder against the manufacturer, the aris-
tocrats South against the aristrocrats North,
Greek against Greek. The planters would al-
ways have beaten the manufacturers, because
land cultivation embraces more voters than
manufacturing. But now the aristocracy of
the South has been humbled, the corner-
stone of the confederacy has been dashed to
pieces like a potter's vessel.
The farmers scattered abroad over the land
can concert no plans to protect themselves
from the aggression of the northern aristocracy
of capitalists and manufacturers. Henceforth
there is no power that can resist these northern
vampires which batten upon the corruptions of
the central Government. The Democracy has—
" Droptfrom hernerveless grasp the shatteredspear.
Closed her bright eye. and curbed her high career."
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kel-
let] can well afford to exult at the helpless
condition of the farming interests and avow
the purpose of the Radical party to lay such
heavy burdens of taxation and commercial
restrictions upon them that the farmer boys of
the West will be driven from their father's
homesteads to seek positions as laborers in the
factories of manufacturing nabobs in the East.
I thank him for the bold avowal of the inten-
tion to legislate in Congress so as to diminish
the number of farmers and increase the number
of manufacturers. If he did not let the cat
out of the bag he let her tail through the loop-
hole when he acknowledged that purpose.
Farmers cannot gather statistics, employ lobby-
men, pay newspapers, keep up party discipline,
or even take measures to inform themselves
of the wrongs perpetrated against them. They
are superior in strength of numbers, but pow-
erless because of their want of unity.
" This gloom dispel, the light of heaven restore.
Let me but see and Ajax asks no more."
When the southern representatives with-
drew from Congress the manufacturers had a
high old time. Tariffs were increased several
hundred per cent, on manufactures of iron.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kul-
ley] eloquently described the general pros-
perity and quickened industry in the North
during the war. The capitalists of the North
grew rich. He hired a foreign substitute to
fight for the flag of his country, or perhaps
bought a contraband substitute. I am told
that negroes were shipped from Nashville,
Tennessee, and sold in Cincinnati, Ohio, at
$1,000 apiece. Northern negro traders re-
tired after the war with princely fortunes and
with glorious reputations for loyalty. There
was no war in the North, (except against cop-
perheads and peace-sneaks.) All went merry
as a marriage bell; things went on swimmingly.
But the rebellion collapsed! Lee and John-
ston surrendered; tidings of peace flew over
the land on the swift wings of the lightning ;
a cry of joy was heard from a patriotic peo-
ple ; but the tidings came upon these thriving
speculators like a fire-bell in the night. The
South laid down her arms on the terms of
Lincoln's policy? the southern States to re-
sume their relations with the Government?
southern congressmen to vate with the repre-
sentatives of western farmers? the old Union
to be restored, and the farmers no longer to
pay tribute to the capitalists? Too bad, too
bad! Some means must be devised to ex-
clude these States from the Union. Andrew
Johnson is President; urge him to abandon
Mr. Lincoln's policy and hold these States as
military provinces. But Johnson will not
accept the dictatorship. He at least was thor-
oughly in earnest in this struggle to save the
Union. He spurns the kingly power which is
offered him, and avow3 himself the tribune
of the people. If he could only be bent to
yield to the demands of the loyal bankers and
loyal manufacturers and loyal ironmongers,
and break up this Union and establish their
schemes forever; ifrhe would only wink at
Congress the thing could be done. But he
will not bend. His square old back is not
made of bending stuff. He will not even wink
at Congress. He stood like a rock upon the firm
base of his own strong convictions when the
strong billows of secession lashed around him.
He will not swerve from that conviction now,
not even so much as bat his eye. The slimy
things upon the sea of corruption crawled
around him and licked his hands and licked
his feet, and would have licked him elsewhere ;
but when they found his stern, inflexible pur-
pose to do right they crawled away and hissed
at him, and they determined to sting him to
the death.
During the war a northern aristocracy had
grown strong. It had money, and consequently
social influence. Did you ever reflect that the
non-slave-owners of the South, whose interests
were diametrically opposed to slavery, were
stronger supporters of that institution and more
hostile to.free-soilism than the-slave-owners?
Wrhere abolitionists have been mobbed in the
South the mobs were incited by and composed
mainly of non-slaveholders. This is a curious
and instructive fact. The passions and senti-
ments of the upper class are reflected in the
lower class, and increase in intensity by the
reflection. The clansmen of Scotland hated
each other more inveterately than their plaided
chiefs. The influence of the moneyed aristoc-
racy was plainly seen in the North in the last
election.
What was the effect of the tariff laws? It
excluded foreign goods. This compelled farm-
ers to purchase of manufacturing monopolies
at higher prices, thus paying them tribute. It
excluded grain-growers from the European
market, for we cannot sell where we cannot
buy. It diminished the revenues at the cus-
tom-house, for if goods are not imported they
pay no custom duties. By diminishing this
revenue the deficiency had to be made from
taxes on the land interests, where it all falls
at last. But farmers voted for tUpse radical
tariffs.
