.7-12
IflB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
ineloding all the otherStates lately in rebellion.
If they have no Representatives here, let thefli
present themselves through the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Le Blond,] and I have bo. d&ubt
they will be dealt with fairly. TenneSsee came
forward with a resolution obeying the orders
and wishes of the loyal people of the State.
We simply ask the House to extend the time
which was granted under the act of 1862. We
eould not accept the grant of land ; we were
prohibited from accepting it, and after having
done what we have we come forward and ask
Congress to grant us time in order that we may
accept this liberal grant of land.
Mr. Speaker, we ought not to be trammeled
with the proposition to add the ten States. You
may remember there was a school fund in the
State «f Tennessee that did belong to the poor
children, but it went with the rebel governor
of the State; the poor children were divested
of their just rights by the act of the rebels. And
now it is proposed to invest the loyal people of
Tennessee with this fund, to confide it to them,
so as to keep the rebels from running off with
it again. Suppose you were to extend it to
the ten unreconstructed States, have you any
guarantee that they would take care of it and
not squander it again ? I think this House
ought not to trammel this resolution with any
amendment of that sort, and I appeal to the
House to sustain it as reported from the com-
mittee.
Mr. LE BLOND. I would like to ask the
gentleman a question. I understand him to
say that Tennessee has recently amended her
constitution so that none but the loyal people
of the State are now permitted to^participtate
in the elections. Now, I wish to know from
the gentleman, taking into consideration the
letter that he "wrote some time ago- stating that
he was for the patriot Davis and against the
tyrant Lincoln, on which side he is now left by
that constitutional amendment—the side of
Davis or the side of the Union. [Laughter.]
Mr. STOKES. The gentleman has alluded
to what is called the Duncan letter again. It
was alluded to on the last day of the last ses-
sion. That sir, is the only letter, the only word,
of mine that any man can put his finger on
•where I have deviated from the track. I will
state that that letter was written on the 10th
day of May, and on the 12th day of May I took
the stump in favor of Lincoln and this Govern-
ment. But not satisfied with even canvassing
my district and filling my appointments up to
the 8th of June, and voting against secession, I
went to Nashville and there entered the Fede-
ral Army. I took my position in the Federal
Army under the old flag, and I fought out of
that Duncan letter as you ought to have done
out of your Copperhead connections. [Great
applause on the floor and in the galleries. ]
The SPEAKER. The House cannot be
insulted by the spectators in the galleries. The
assistant doorkeepers are instructed to remove
from the galleries all persons manifesting either
applause or disapprobation.
Mr. LE BLOND: We, upon this side of
the House hare no rebel letters to explain or
defend. [Shouts of " Order 1"]
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen upon the floor
will set a good example to the spectators in the
gallery by themselves observing the respect due
to the House, and abstaining from demonstra-
tions of applause. The respect due to the
House must be observed both by members on
the floor and by those in the galleries*
Mr. SPALDING. I object to this discus-
sion as not pertinent to the issue before the
House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order; it is not pertinent to the issue.'
Mr. STOKES. The gentleman from Ohio
was permitted to draw these remarks from me
by his reference to my Duncan letter.
The SPEAKER. That may be, but when
the point of order is made the debate must
be confined to the bill before the House.
Mr. STOKES. I hope then the House will
sustain the joint resolution reported bj the
Committee on Agriculture. And all I wish to I
say in conclusion is, that I shall stand upon
the same side and be ready to take the saddle
again when the time comes, if it ever does, and
I am well and hearty and able to do service for
three years and three months again in the Fed-
eral Army.
Mr. B1DWELL. **f will now yield for five
minutes to the gentleman from Iowa,. [Mr.
Gkinneia.]
Mr. JOHNSON. Will- the gentleman from
Iowa yield to me for a moment?
Mr. GRiNNELL. I will.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am entirely ignorant
upon this subject or I would not ask for the
information that I am about to ask for. I
desire to inquire of the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia what Decame of the bill which passed
the House at the last session providing for the
education of children in these southern States,
withoutdistinetion as to those which had passed
ordinances of secession, whether that bill ever
passed the Senate or became a law 1 I refer
to the bill introduced by the gentleman from
Minnesota, [Mr. Donnelly.]
Mr. BID WELL. That was a different bill
altogether. It has no relation td and no bear-
ing on this bill that I know of.
Mr. JOHNSON. It strikes me that if it
was proper to pass that bill last session pro-
viding-for the education of children through-
out the Union it is proper now that we should
put these means of education in the handsjpf
the people of these States.
Mr. BIDWELL. I regret as much as any
one can do that any Stefel should be deprived
of the benefits of institutrons established by the
Government for the purpose of extending the
privileges of education. But if they are de-
prived of those benefits who is to blame for it
but they who attempted to destroy the best
Government on earth?
Mr. JOHNSON. That is entirely irrelevant
to the question before the House. The gentle-
man is speaking about the punishment due to
the fathers. My point is this: that if it was
proper last summer to pass through this House
a bill to provide an educational bureau for the
•purpose of educating the children of the South
and to raise up the coming generation to be
what they ought to be, why should we not to-
day extend to those children the benefit of this
land graal which we have heretofore made?
Mr. JBHLEY, of Ohio. We will do it as
soon as they are reorganized.
Mr. BIDWELL. I have only to say that I
wjll go as far as he who goes farthest to extend
the benefits of education to the people of the
South, for I believe that one of the chief causes
of the rebellion was the want of intelligence
among the people. And I believe the great
preventive will be to extend to them by every
practicable mode the means of education. But
I do not believe we should begin by these mu-
nificent grants of land for the purpose of es-
tablishing colleges of agriculture ; we ought to
begin with the school-book, with a kind of
missionary enterprise.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the gentleman tell
me how it is he makes a distinction between
grants of land for this purpose and grants of
money as in the proposition of the gentleman
from Minnesota; [Mr. Donnelly.]
Mr. BIDWELL. The difference is very
great. Grants of land are not available until
they are disposed of, and in order that they
may be properly disposed of the person re-
ceiving the grant should be loyal to the Gov-
ernment making the grant. The question must
be settled whether this donation shall fall into
the hands of pfersons who are truly loyal, and
who will make proper use of it and educate
their children in such a way that they will be
loyal to the Government.
I now yield to the gentleman from Minne-
sota [Mr. Donnelly] for a few minutes.
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. Speaker, as my
name has been referred to by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Johnson,] it is per-
haps proper for me to say in reply that the
bill to which he alludes as having been passed
at the last session was a bill introduced by a
member from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield -;] and
that bill does not in any sense provide for the
education of the children of the South, gither
white or black. It simply provides for the
ereation of a Bureau of Education with Super-
visory powers only; to supervise and super-
intend the institutions of education which may
bow exist or hereafter be established in the
South as well as the North. I do not under-
stand that it has any connection with or any
bearing upon the joint resolution sow before
the House. Tha.t resolution is merely a pro-
vision, as I understand it, to extend to the
State of Tennessee the benefits of the aeta
already passed, making grants of land for the
establishment of colleges ia the several States
for instruction in agricultural and mechanical
arts and sciences. The bill passed at the l^st
session of Congress made no grant of money
or land. It Was entirely of a supervisory char-
acter, and requires a very small annual appro-
priation: to carry it into effect. That bill-is
now pending in the Senate, and I trust it will
become a law before the close ©f this session.
As I understand it this bill comes as a largess
or grant from the victorious section of the
nation to a State of that section which has
offended against the laws of the nation. It is
given to the State of Tennessee because Ten-
nessee has placed herself in accord with th«
wishes and desires of the majority of this na-
tion. And I have no doubt that the magna-
nimity of the dominant party of this country
and of the entire people of the North will
sanction all such largesses and gifts to all the
States of the South which shall, Eke Tennes-
see, place themselves in accord with the desire
and will of the nation. • But for on 3 I will
never vote for any such grant of land to any
of the pretended State governments now exist-
ing in the South, organized as they are with-
out the authority of Congress, and existing in
defiance of its will, and which will andpubtedly
use the same for the oppression of a large por-
tion of its own population. Whenever the
people of any southern State shall come be-
fore the people of the North upon a basis of
equality and fair play, I do not think they will
be met by any niggardly, limited, or ungener-
ous policy on the part of the representatives
of the nation.
Mr. BIDWELL. I now yield for five minutes
to the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Gmnneia.]
x\fter he shall have concluded, I will yield five
minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Keiaky.]
Mr. GRINNELL. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Agriculture, I desire to say that this is
a very distinct and plain proposition. This joint
resolution proposes that the loyal State of Ten-
nessee shall have the advantage of the three
hundred thousand acres of land granted to it
under the law of 1862 for the purpose of estab-
lishing an agricultural college. Now, sir, I am
utterly opposed to the rider proposed by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Le Blond,] that
the ten still unreconstructed States, without
representation here, shall have the advantages
accorded to the loyal State of Tennessee.
I am most happy to be in accord with the
eloquent gentleman on my right, [Mr. Stokes,]
and to mention here, as it seems tobe'the most
opportune occasion, that we will give the benefits
of these land acts to Tennessee, because they are
about to make education in that State, not se-
lect and partial, but universal. They are about
enfranchising the black and the white people
there, and providing a general system of com-
mon-school education; and they wish also to
have a local agricultural college. I shall act
with the gentleman from Ohio in conferring
these benefits upon those ten States when they
establish loyal State governments and send here
loyal Representatives; not before.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Johnson] asks why we should refuse to edu-
cate the children in those ten States. Sir, at
the last session of Congress we voted money to
feed their children, white and black. ^ This
illustrates the charity which Congress is will-
ing to extend, and this Congress will be equally
