1476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
mail may be generous and may give away any
amount of property or money that he chooses ;
but your committee supposed that they were
simply sitting in judgment to decide whether
there was a legal or a fair and equitable claim
upon the Government on the part of these
contractors, and to ascertain upon what prin-
ciple their claim could be sustained. Accord-
ing to the report of the Senate committee, that
claim was based upon the principle that the
Government, by its action in expanding the
currency, caused a rise in the materials which
entered into the work for which the contracts
were made, and thereby greatly increased the
expense to the contractors; and therefore
that the Government was bound to make good
to the contractors the consequent loss. But
when they adopted that principle as a basis for
action, they adopted a principle upon which
nearly every contractor with our Government
during the four years of our great struggle
might with equal justice come to the Govern-
ment and plead for relief.
Now, is the example to be set of giving re-
lief to all contractors with this Government in
all its callings, because of any action of the
Government, the expansion of the currency,
Of the rise in the prices of materials ? If so,
then ยง100,000,000 will not cover the expense
to the Government. Every contractor, whether
with the Government or with individuals, has
suffered from this rise of prices, and they do
not all expect to obtain relief.
Therefore the Committee of Claims settled
the principle that no such broad ground for
relief could be established; because if they
once opened the door and set the precedent of
affording relief on account of the action of the
Government in this regard there would be no
end to it.
Then the next point which presented itself
to the committee was this: is there anything
in these cases to take them out of the action
of the general principle referred to? In the
examination of that question itwas claimed on
the part of the contractors that the Govern-
ment, after it had made contracts with these
various parties, had caused them to be delayed
by not giving them the plans or by making
alterations in them, so that they were unable
to go on and complete their contracts within
the specified time. In reference to that, the
committee say that if it can bo shown that the
Government caused delays to these contractors
which were not contemplated when the con-
tracts wore made, and on account of those
delays any or all of these contractors have sus-
tained losses which have not been satisfied by
the Government, there may be a clear claim
which may be_valid against the Government.
But it is said on the part of the Navy De-
partment that this omnibus bill, as reported
by the Senate, contains some twenty-five cases
m which 110 such claim can be setup; in which
there was no allegation of delays or alterations
on the part of the Government. Therefore
the committee concluded that those cases did
not come within the principle which they had
adopted; and consequently they do not recom-
mend the passage of the Senate bill.
The question then arose: are there any other
cases in which alterations or delays have been
occasioned by the action of the Government?
The evidence submitted shows that there were
such cases. But the claim was made on the
part of the Government that it had paid on
account of those alterations nearly a million
and a half of dollars. But it is also claimed
on the part of the contractors that that million
and a half of dollars does not pay them for
the losses they sustained in consequence of
those delays and alterations.
Then what was left for us to do ? We could
not settle the question whether those parties
had or had not been properly paid. We did
all we could do : we referred the subject to the
House, and recommended that the whole mat-
ter should be referred to the Navy Department
to determine and report to Congress what ex-
tra cost had been incurred by contractors 011
account of these delays and alterations which
the Government had not already paid for, the
Department to report just what expense had
thus been incurred in each case.
What more or what less could we do? One
of my colleagues upon the committee has said
that all these contractors stand upon the same
ground. Not at all. As I have already said,
in twenty-five of these cases it is not claimed
that there was any fault on the part of the
Government, so far as alterations or delays are
concerned.
In some other cases it is claimed that such
was the fact; and in some of those cases
$100,000, and in other cases $50,000 has
been paid. And the simple question in each
individual case is this: has the amount paid
been sufficient to cover the damage and loss
which the Government has occasioned to those
contractors by reason of the various delays and
alterations made, and which were not contem-
plated when the contracts were made ? If it
does not, then the commission shall examine
each individual case and report to us how
much more is due on the part of the Gov-
ernment. Does any individual find fault with
that? Is it not fair? Can we stand upon any
other principle? Certainly not, unless we
adopt the broad principle which, as I have said,
throws your doors wide open and lets in an
irresistible flood of claims. As has been well
said by my colleague on the committee, [Mr.
Sloan,] there are claims being pressed to,-day
for work on this Capitol, for work on the Post
Office building, for work done on various light-
houses.
[Here the hammer fell. ]
Mr. DELANO obtained the floor.
Mr. O'NEILL. With the consent of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Delano,] I wish
to put an inquiry to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Washburn*.]
Mr. DELANO. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. O'NEILL. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Massachusetts whether the
report of the committee has been predicated
upon the loss of any profits by these contract-
ors. My reason for asking this question is
that some of my constituents, who have made
nothing on their contracts for furnishing ma-
chinery for some of these vessels, have refrained
from making any claim for loss of profits; but
if it is proposed to grant compensation in any
such cases these men have as strong a claim as
any others can have.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. In
reference to that point, the opinion of the com-
mittee was that these individuals might have a
just claim for whatever they have actually lost
011 account of the action of the Government.
Let me make one further remark. It has been
objected by some members of the House that
the report of the committee does not cover all
the cases. Of this the committee were fully
aware; but we supposed that by our action in
this case we should establish a precedent. If
the House believes that we have acted properly,
it will sustain our report; and the precedent
being once established other cases can be
settled in the same way. I know very well
that there are other cases not embraced in this
bill. There may be fifty such. The eases to
which thegentleman refers may be among those.
But when we shall have once established the
precedent I have no doubt that the same prin-
ciple will be applied to the cases not now
embraced in our action.
Mr. O'NEILL. A single remark further.
If I have correctly understood the gentleman,
this report does embrace cases where there
was a claim on account of loss of profits which
might have been realized but for the interfer-
ence of the Department in directing the ma-
chinery to be made in a different manner from
that stipulated in the contract. If this be so,
then, in behalf of these conscientious constitu-
ents of mine to whom I have referred, I ask
that their names m^y be inserted. I- see no
reason why their claims should be overlooked
when others no more meritorious are provided
for.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Tha
gentleman has misunderstood me. In no case
do we propose to pay anything on account of
profits which it may be supposed should have
been realized. In these cases it is claimed that
the contractors have actually made a loss. The
simple question before the committee was, has
the action of the Government imposed on these
contractors a loss which we are bound to re-
lieve? We adopted the principle  
Mr. DELANO. I believe I must resume
the floor. I cannot yield further because I
have but little time remaining.
There are three propositions before the
House, and I desire that the House shall under-
stand them so as to be able to vote intelli-
gently upon them. The first is the bill of the
Senate, which proposes a horizontal payment
to all these contractors of twelve per cent, on
the contract price. I wish the House to under-
stand distinctly that in the Senate bill these
contractors all stand on the same level, and if
that bill be adopted they will get a uniform
payment of twelve per cent, on the contract
price. My colleagues on the committee, the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Sloan] and
thegentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wash-
burn,] have, I think, shown the injustice and
the viciousness of such a principle. A bill
resting on that -principle is nothing but an
omnibus to carry through bad, worthless meas-
ures with those that have some merit.
Why, sir, here are embraced in this Senate
bill fifteen contracts for wooden double-enders ;
twenty-two contracts for machinery for wooden
double-enders, and twenty-one contracts for
iron and iron-elad steam vessels-of-war; fifty-
eight, I believe, in all. Now, sir, take wooden
double-enders. They were all contracted for
at $75,000 apiece. Listen. Some of the con-
tractors claim $4,000 and some ยง77,000. The
Senate bill will give each $9,000, and pay
some of them twice as much as they claim and
some of them only half as much as they claim.
If Congress does not want to disgrace itself, I
hope it will not adopt a principle like this. It
is nothing less than what I have characterized
it, an omnibus to carry white and black together;
I suppose upon the rule there shall be 110 dis-
tinction of race or color.
The bill of the Senate was made on the re-
port of a naval board which undertook to give
to these gentlemen the cost of these fifty-eight
contracts over and above the contract price.
That estimate was made on the advance in the
price of material growing out of the deprecia-
tion of currency and the increase in the value
of gold. It proposes to remunerate all these
contractors for all the increase of expenses
which the change in the condition of the coun-
try had brought upon them. Why, sir, that
principle will bankrupt this Government. If
this House adopts that principle it is impossible
to anticipate the end of the expense. There
is, as has been well said, a claim for $100,000
for finishing the dome of the Capitol now
before the House resting on this very principle.
There is also a claim for $50,000 for building
the custom-house in Baltimore, another claim
for $50,000 by the contractor who furnished
paper and stationery to the Post Office Depart-
ment, and another for $15,000 for a light-house,
and God only knows how many mare that have
not cope before us. There is no end to it.
You will have to increase tenfold your taxes.
There are the contractors for Army supplies;
not only for the commissary but for all the
other departments of the Army. You will
have to go into a general settlement with all
these contractors to do equity to them. My
friend from Vermont [Mr. Woodbridge] has
a large heart and would to God his constitu-
ents had purses long enough to pay for its
benevolence.
That would be the state of things if we adopt
a principle like this. The Committee of
Claims have repudiated this principle. They
have said the principle on which these claims
ought to be settled is this: where the con-
tractor has suffered loss by reason of alteration
in his contract not provided for in the contract,
then he should be paid such increased expense
