1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
107
39tii Cong....2d Sess.
Government of Insurrectionary States—Mr. Noell.
Ho. of Reps.
The national banks are an immense moneyed
aristocracy. The banker purchases $100,000
worth of United States bonds and puts them in
his vaults; he draws the interest on them
twice a year; he pays no taxes on his invest-
ment ; he issues and uses and gets interest on
$90,000 worth of currency; the United States
pays for printing and issuing the currency;
thus he draws a double interest on his invest-
ment, pays no taxes, has his banking expenses
paid, and sends out upon the country a rotten
currency which is not legal money to pay debts.
The national bonds exercise a large influence
in society. They are held mostly by capitalists
of the eastern States and of Europe. In Mis-
souri the people were plundered so during the
war that they had no money to invest in these
profitable, untaxable stocks. That is why we
must use test oaths to keep loyal. If property
taken by the Army had been paid for in Mis-
souri as punctually as it was in Ohio, Indiana,
and Pennsylvania, we would have more money
and more bonds among us, and would conse-
quently be more loyal. If you had given to our
ten thousand State volunteers the same bounty
that yoir gave to volunteers from other States
we would have had more money in every com-
munity and would have been more wealthy. You
raise your taxes from Missouri, and you draw
all the money, which if circulated in the com-
munity would increase the labor of wages. You
take it out of the State by taxes and pour it
into the hands of eastern bond-holders, and you
refuse to give our soldiers their bounty. If they
had been negroes they would have received
bounty. Here an idea strikes me concerning
the future loyalty of the South. Slavery having
aggregated the lands of the South into large
plantations, that institution being destroyed,
these lands will have to be sold out into small
farms suited to free labor. When the planter
sells he must invest his money; there is but
little prospect of manufactories in the South
for fifty years. There is no profitable invest-
ment iu "the South. His own interest will lead
the planter to invest in United States stocks,
that being the best investment in the United
States, and in its character resembles a local
investment, because the interest may be drawn
in any locality, I believe a man does not have
to take the oath before he can buy a bond.
Once bond-holder, these planters will be more
"loyal" than the now bond-holding negroes.
I will bet two to one that the first repudiation  
ist elected to Congress from the South will be
elected by the negroes. Who will take the bet?
These national bonds drain the wealth of the
country from the poverty-stricken localities
and pour it into the laps of wealthy communi-
ties. It is an aristocracy holding millions of
property exempt from taxation. What pro-
duced the French revolution? It was the
weal'hy, who had purchased patents of nobility,
which exempted their property from taxation,
thus increasing the burdens of the poor.
When the Roman armies went to war they
passed out through the gates of Janus. The
temple of Janus was surmounted by the statue
of that god who had two faces looking in oppo-
site directions. Janus was one of those pagan
gods who, having eyes, saw not, and having ears
heard not; but he was a marvelously proper
emblem of the two-faced idea which sent an
army forth to war. He was a fit emblem of the
divinity which shapes our ends in war. There
is always the idea of the fighting class and the
idea of the class which reaps the benefits of
the conflict. The conflict which we have just
gone through was on both sides a rich man's
war and a poor man's fight. The soldier, under
a generous impulse, throws himself into the
ranks and becomes food for powder; but the
power behind the throne is the cold plotting
speculator. At the South we see two passions
in harmony, the selfish interest and pride of
the aristocrat and the devotion of the people
to their native States. In the loyal Army we
see the two passions combined, namely, the
patriotism of the people and the commercial
ideas of the North.
Old Ezekiel, walking down by the river
Chebar and gazing with clear vision into the
blue ether, saw a large wheel revolving and
rising up and going down, and looking closely
at it saw a smaller wheel inside, and the
small wheel controlled the large one. It would
not require much of political clairvoyance to
see in the war for the Union a wheel within a
wheel; and the lesser wheel, which controls
the greater,has its center at the "hub of the
universe." When a call was made for troops
patriotism was aroused; but a class who re-
mained at home gave or withheld their " moral
support," according to the policy that was
pursued. I saw five thousand people at Indian-
apolis in 1862 resolve with explosive enthu-
siasm that they would contribute no more men
nor money to the war unless Lincoln emanci-
pated the negroes. You do not suppose that
this idea was original with the Hoosiers.
When Mr. Lincoln was coming to the capital
in February, 1861, to be inaugurated, he made
speeches to the people in several places. At
independence Hall, in Philadelphia, he ad-
dressed the people. He unfurled the old flag j
and called upon the people to stand by him in |
the great crisis which was coming and be true ;
to their patriotic instincts. Here in this Hall
the Declaration of Independence had been
signed and the people felt impressed with awe,
and felt as if the spirits of our forefathers, who
had staked their lives and fortunes for our
freedom in 1776, were hovering over them. It
was a time when the voice of faction was
hushed among all good people by the dread of
impending calamity.
Mr. Lincoln stirred the patriotic impulses
from the lowest depths of the hearts of his
audience. But he was interrupted in his elo-
quent appeal by the sharp voice of a Penn-
sylvania ironmonger, who inquired, "What
about protection on iron?" There, sir, before
the war commenced, was an illustration of the
two principles at work. If these principles
are followed up we will have a clue to many
things otherwise inexplicable. Patriotism was
the main wheel which rolled over insurgents
and crushed the rebellion; but commercial
ideas and financial schemes were the wheel
within the wheel. It was patriotism which
convoked the reapers in the harvest of death ;
but proDerty interests on both sides dictated
the policy. Of all the dying exclamations of
earnest men upon the battle-field who ever
heard a commercial idea alluded to? No south-
ern soldier ever said, May the Lord perpetuate
slavery and aristocracy. His exclamation as
he yielded up the ghost was, " May God pro-
tect my State from the Yankee vandals." It
was love for his State and dread of northern
oppression which made him join the rebel
ranks. I have heard of no example yet of a
Union soldier turning to his companions to
utter with his last breath the great wish of his
heart, saying, "May the Lord raise the tar-
iffs and make the North rich," or " May my
country long enjoy national banks! No;
when stricken with the fatal wound he felt
that death was tugging at his heart, he ex-
claimed with the pnde of one who had given
his life in a glorious cause, "God save the
Union." I venture to say that had you boldly
avowed your purpose to subjugate the South,
destroy the Union, and violate the Constitu-
tion in order to establish the supremacy of the
commercial and financial ideas of the North
you would have had few of the patriotic sol-
diers who came forward at their country's call.
You might have enlisted an army of bounty-
jumpers for the pay, or of thieves who expected
to thrive on the plunder of the South; but these
would not have been likely to have put down
the rebellion.
The gentleman from Massachusetts l lr.
Banks] has an amendment which he gave
notice he intended to tack On to this bill. It
contains the substance of the Louisiana bill
which we passed to-day. It proposes to take
these States, one at a time, and send into them
congressional and military satraps to establish
governments in the South on the "loyal
basis." In speaking of his measure of recon-
struction, the gentleman said our duty con-
sisted in three words, " liberty, emigration,
census." The liberty he proposes is the mili-
tary despotism inaugurated in this bill; the
liberty of martial law; the liberty of a people
who have no rights, whose courts are struck
down and whose citizens are conquered ene-
mies ; the liberty which a people may enjoy
when turned over to military satraps released
from all reponsibility except to carry out the
purpose for which Congress sends them,
namely, to humiliate and degrade the people.
This bill places the people under martial
law for an unlimited time. The gentleman
said it would not do to allow all of the States
to come back into the Union at once. What
laws are to govern in the mean time? The
United States has no code, and the codes of
the States are annulled. Are these military
satraps to govern by the Plymouth code or the
Blue Laws of Connecticut? We may expect
to see in Rome loyal police gazette in the South
(for all disloyal ones will be suppressed) "John
Smith sentenced to twenty lashes for kissing
his wife on Sunday," or " Sarah Brown hung
as a witch," or "Peter Jones burned as a
Quaker," or "Jane Tompkins sentenced to a
ducking-stool for scolding;" and at the end
of the sentence the godly, Puritan fiat, "Thus
saith the Lord!" The object in setting up
governments South is not to give the people a
voice, but more effectually to stifle their voice.
It is the kind of liberty the French people
enjoyed when every house was placarded with
"Liberty, fraternity, equality — or death!"
The kind of liberty extended to the people of
Lyons when Collot d'Herbois went down to
that city and assembled ten thousand men,
women, and children, and shot them with
artillery and musketry, and turned loose re-
publican soldiery on them, and hackled them
to pieces with sabers, and then razed the
city, and placed over the ruins the inscrip-
tion, "Lyons rebelled, and Lyons is no more."
The kind of liberty extended to French Giron-
dists, when they put them in a ship and scuttled
it and they sunk to the bottom. Strange things
are done in the name of liberty, and the most
implacable tyrants are the hydra-headed des-
pots—democracies.
Emigration is the next object after liberty.
The gentleman proposes to give bounties to
loyal men to go there to take control of the
government. The people _ of Massachusetts
have great faith in bounties. It was their
principal way of fighting in the late war. The
black citizens of these States, invested by all
authority, are to run the whole machinery of
government. It matters not how large or
how small this class may be, they are to exer-
cise the full sovereignty of the States. The
idea which gentlemen on the other side of the
House have of republican institutions is that
only they are entitled to enjoy the privilege of
citizens who will indorse the commercial and
financial schemes of the Radical party. No
man is entitled to exercise the prerogatives of
a free citizen unless he is in favor of their
national banks and upholds their divine tariffs.
Then, Mr.. Speaker, he proposes to remodel
the census there. I do not know whether he
proposes to kill off everybody that does not
belong to his party, or whether he proposes by
more civil means to drive away those who do
not agree with him. He proposes to remodel
the census of that countl7 as the British East
India Company did in India ; to remodel the
census as Great Britain is doing with Ireland;
to remodel the census of the South by driving
out her white population and bringing in by
bounties a new population to occupy that coun-
tiy. He proposes to remodel the census by
