1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1477
as this change has caused, and in that they
have the payment of the rise of prices during
the time prolonged by this change, but not
otherwise. It is a just principle if the House
■will understand it. As it is impossible for the
committee to investigate all these claims in
detail, we propose to refer it to the Navy De-
partment to settle the amount due to these
claimants on this principle, and report that
back to the next Congress for their action.
Congress will then proceed with intelligence
and upon a correct principle, one upon which
they can stand before the world.
Mr. MYERS. Which bill does the gentle-
man favor ?
Mr. DELANO. The resolution reported by
the House committee, which provides that the
Secretary of the Navy shall be authorized and
directed to investigate the claims of the con-
tractors named; but I am willing to change it
to embrace all the contractors for vessels-of-
war and steam machinery.
Mr. MYERS. That is what I want.
Mr. McKEE. That is my resolution.
Mr. DELANO. But the gentleman's reso-
lution has a tail to it, and I want to cut that
tail off. [Laughter.] We provide that said
investigation to be made upon the following
basis: he shall ascertain the additional cost
which was necessarily incurred by each con-
tractor in the completion of his work by reason
of any changes or alterations in the plans and
specifications required and delays in the prose-
cution of the work occasioned by the Govern-
ment, which were not provided for in the
original contract; but no allowance for any
advance in the price of labor or material shall
be considered unless such advance occurred
during the prolonged time for completing the
work, rendered necessary by the delay resulting
from the action of the Government aforesaid,
and then only when such advance could not
have been avoided by the exercise of ordinary
prudence and diligence 011 the part of the con-
tractor ; and from such additional cost, to be
ascertained as aforesaid, there shall be de-
ducted such sum as may have been paid each
contractor for any reason heretofore over and
above the contract price, and shall report to
Congress a tabular statement of each case,
which shall contain the name of the contractor,
a description of the work, the contract price,
the whole increased cost of the work over the
contract price, and the amount of such in-
creased cost caused by the delay and action of
the Government as aforesaid, and the amount
already paid the contractor over and above the
contract price.
Then he is required to make a tabular state-
ment, showing the names of the contractors,
the amount of the contract price, the increased
cost under these rules, and the amount already
paid above the contract price, and then Con-
gress can act upon that report.
Now, stf, the third proposition on this sub-
ject, which comes from the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. McKee,] is that the Secre-
tary of the Navy may make up his mind to
pav the claims without referring them back to
Congress. It is not safe, it is not right, it is
injudicious legislation ; it is best that Con-
gress should retain the power of revision.
Mr. McKEE. I would like to correct my
colleague on the committee'. My proposition
is not that the Secretary of the Navy shall do
this, but that a board shall be appointed and
that board shall do it.
Mr. DELANO. If there is any advantage
in submitting it to a board, I have never found
it out. The board is always so constructed as
to break through, so far as the Government is
concerned, and give the contractors the ad-
vantage. I would rather leave it to the Sec-
retary of the Navy than any of the employes
or agents of that Department. It is unwise
legislation to commit this matter to the ulti-
mate judgment of any board of men. Let
Congress reserve the power, when this subject
comes back, of examining and ascertaining
whether the investigation and report 01 the
Navy Department are in accordance with
justice and right.
These, Mr. Speaker, are the three proposi-
tions that are before this House. The majority
report was made by the gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Sloan 5] the minority report by
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. McKee.]
The latter, as I have already said, adopts the
same principle for damages that the majority
report adopts, only it proposes to give to the
Department or to the agents of the Department
authority to close the matter up. That is a
proposition that I oppose.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I know very little about
your rules, and perhaps never shall have sense
enough to understand them; but I would like
to know how this proposition may be amended
so that it will embrace all contractors for build-
ing vessels-of-war and steam machinery. I
Would like to have that amendment made if it
is possible.
The SPEAKER. It can be done by recon-
sidering the vote by which the previous ques-
tion was seconded, and then by the.gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. McKee] withdrawing his
amendment to the amendment reported by the
committee. That would open the substitute
to amendment; but if the gentleman from
Kentucky insists upon his amendment, no
amendment can be made except by unanimous
consent.
Mr. DELANO. I will submit to the House
the proposition that all these contractors may
be included by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to
making the proposed amendment? The Chair
hears none.
Mr. DELANO. The amendment is to strike
•out the names of the contractors in the substi-
tute of the committee, and insert in place of
the words "the following" the word "all,"
and further, by striking out the words "iron
and iron-clad;" so that the clause will read as
follows:
That the Secretary of the Navy is hereby author-
ized and directed to investigate the claims of all
contractors for building vessels-of-war and steam
machinery for the same.
The amendment was by unanimous consent
agreed to.
Mr. BID WELL. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio a question. I would like to
understand why the claim of Donohue, Ryan,
& Secor is excepted by the committee ?
Mr. DELANO. We have made no excep-
tions. We are of opinion that some of these
claims are more meritorious than others, but
we do not think that any one of them ought
to be singled out and excepted. We do not
know enough about it to recommend that;
therefore, we have now put them all on the
same level by the amendment which has been
adopted by unanimous consent. They all go
to the naval board, to be investigated on the
principles that we have named in the substi-
tute ; and when that investigation is made and
the report made to Congress, it can act intelli-
gently upon the question. _
But, sir, if you adopt the principle contained
in the Senate resolution, of remunerating every
contractor for losses sustained, as I said before,
you will bankrupt your Government. I know
enough about the claims that are presented to
this Government to be warranted in saying that
there is no end to them and no safety for the
finances of the nation in this time of onerous
taxation if that principle is adopted. There is
no way with safety to the nation but to adopt
the principles laid down in this majority report.
They will be found to be broad, liberal, and
comprehensive. They will also be found to be
principles that will prevent us being governed
by mere sympathy and compassion. I saw
$80,000 voted here yesterday for the relief ot a
contractor which, in my judgment, ought not to
have been spent. The day will come when our
people will inquire of us why we are so lavish
of their money which is so precious to them
while their taxes are so heavy.
Mr. McKEE.. I desire to make two slight
verbal changes in my amendment: first to strike
out the word '' which,'' in the? first section, and
insert instead the words "where such;" and
then to strike out in section two the words " in
the first section'' and insert in lieu thereof the
words "within the limit prescribed by the first
section of this resolution."
The amendments were by unanimous consent
agreed to.
Mr. GLOSSBRENNER.. I move now to
■lay the joint resolution and pending amend-
ments on the table; and on that I call the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 47, nays 109, not voting
34; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aneona, Arnell, Baker, Benjamin,
Boyer, Bromwell, Bvoomall, Campbell, Reader W.
Clarke. Cobb, Cooper, Dawson. Defrees, Bldridge,
Fkick, Glossbrenner, Aaron Harding, Hawkins, Hise,
John II. Hubbard, Humphrey, Kerr, Koontz, Le
Blond, Leftwich, Loan, Maynard, McClurg, Mercur,
Miller, Moulton, Niblack, Paine, Plants, Samuel J.
Randall, Ritter, Sawyer, Seofleld, Shanilin, Spald-
ing, Stokes, Thayer, Trimble, Andrew H. Ward,
Hamilton Ward, Warner, and Wentworth—S.
NAYS—Messrs. Alloy, Ames, Anderson, Dolos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Barker,
Baxter, Beaman, Bergen, Bidwell, Bingham, Blow,
Boutwell, Brandegee, Buckland, Bandy, Sidney
Clarke, Conkling, Cook, Cullom, Darling, Davis,
Dawes, Delano, Deming, Denison, Dodge, Donnelly,
Dumont, Eggleston, Bliot, Farnsworth, Farauhar,
Ferry, Goodyear, Grmnell, Griswold, Abncr C. Hard-
ing, Hart, Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Hill, Hogan,
Holmes, Hooper, Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hub-
bard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James R. Hubbell, Hul-
burd, Ingersoll, Jenekes, Kasson, Kelley, Kelso,
Ketcham, Kuykendall, Lallin, George V. Lawrence,
Longyear, Marshall, McOullough, McKee, McRuer,
Moorhead, Morris, Myers, Newell, Nicholson, Noell,
O'Neil 1, Orth, Perham, Phelns, Pomeroy, rriee, Rad-
ford, William H. Randall, Raymond, Alexander H.
Rice, Rogers, Rollins, Ross, Rousseau, Schenck, Shel-
laborger, Sitgreaves, Starr. Stevens, Taber, Nathan-
iel G. Taylor, Nelson Taylor. John L. Thomas, Thorn-
ton, Trowbridge, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Henry D.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, Whalcy, Williams,
James3?. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom. Wm-
field, and Woodbridge—109.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Blame, Chanler,
Culver, Dixon, Driggs, Eckley, Garfield, Hale, Har-
ris, Hotehkiss. Asahel W. Hubbard. Hunter, Jones,
Julian,Latham, William Lawrence, Lynch,Marston,
Marvin, Mclndoe, Morrill, Patterson, Pike, John H.
H. Riee, Sloan, Stilwell, Strouse. Francis Thomas,
Van Aernam, Robert 1'. Van Horn, Ehhu B. Wash-
burne, Welker, and Wright—-34.
So the joint resolution was not laid on the
table.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
amendment of Mr. McKee to the substitute
reported by the committee, to strike out all after
the enacting clause and insert as follows:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and hereby
is, authorized and directed-to pay, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to the
contractors of vessels-of-war and steam machinery,
on contracts made by thcNavy Department during the
years 1862 and 1863, the actual cost to each contractor
incurred, over and above the contract price, and
allowance for extra work, where such cost was th#
result of d-elays, oaased by the order 8f the Depart-
ment, either from changes m plans and specifications
or from delays in furnishing the same: Provided,
That none but those which have given Satisfaction,
to the Department shall be considered.. .
Sec 2. And be it further.resolved, That in.theadjust-
ment of these claims the Secretary of the Navy ia
authorized and directed to appoint a board of three
competent persons to examine into  and.report upon,
each separate case as provided within the limit pre-
scribed by the Erst section of this 1rcsolution, and the
award of losses so ascertained shall be paid to1 the
claimants by the Secretary of the Treasury without
further authority than that given m this1 resolution.
Sec. 3. And be U further resolved. That the pay
ments hereby authorized to be made shall be in lull
for all claims on the part of said contractors, and no
moneys shall be paia until each party to whom an
award is made shall execute to the Secretary of the
Treasury a receipt in full, and releasing all claims
iffiinst the Navy Department for further compen-
Kn on account o£ said contract or alterations
thereto.
Mr. WINFIELD. I wisb to make an in-
quiry' of the Chair. If this amendment is
rejected, will there then be an opportunity to
amend the Senate resolution?
The SPEAKER. There will. The antag-
onizing questions now are between the minority
report of the committee and the majority re-
port, and the question will «cur between
whichever amendment prevails and the Senate
1 esolu.tion^_^ taken on the amendment
