108
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 11 and 18,
Ho. of Reps.
Equality of Suffrage—Mr. Nodi.
39th Cong.... 2d Sess.
confiscating the land of the South and turning
it over into the hands of the black sans-culottes.
He proposes to remodel the census there by
turning over all the revenues of the Govern-
ment, all the property of the people into the
hands of irresponsible speculators, who go
down there for the purpose of making for-
tunes. Henry Ward Beecher, in a lecture
delivered in this Hall some tipie ago, said, in
speaking of the capabilities of human nature,
"Smelt any man and he will run pure gold."
Now, our friends of the Radical party are estab-
lishing n system by which these speculators are
going down South to smelt the negroes ; and
if they do not run pure gold, they expect that
they will run greenbacks copiously.
It has been said by several speakers here that
the people who have the control of the govern-
ments in die South believe that the confederate
cause was right and that we must break down )
those governments for the purpose of making
that cause odious. Now, sir, I am one of
those who believe that the great mass of human
beings in this world, so far as their moral qual-
ities are concerned, are about alike. I believe
there is as much virtue in the people of the
South as there is in the people of the North ;
I believe that there was as much loyalty in the
people of the South in 1860 as there was in the
people of the North; I believe that they were
as truly devoted to the doctrines which had
been inculcated into their minds as were the
people of the North to the doctrines in which
they had been educated.
The people of the South have fought and
died for their principles. They left wives and
children poor* and bountiless ; they dared ail
the dangers of the battle-field; they have en-
dured everything that a brave people could
endure. I think, therefore it would be nothing
but sheer cruelty, and would subserve no good
purpose, to inflict upon them by our legislation,
humiliation. Every family has given some
victim to the cause. Can we expect the sur-
vivors to curse the memory of their dead rela-
tives, and can we not be magnanimous enough
to leave them the poor gratification of believing
that they died without dishonor?
I noticed at the close of the rebellion in the
Atlantic Monthly, a journal which I very fre-
quently read—not because I favor its politics,
but because I want to know what i3 going
on—a journal published in the "hub of the
universe," a poem which attempted to de-
scribe what should be done with the South.
It was entitled a "Jaguar Hunt," in which
the people of the South were designated as the
bloodv jaguar; and it was there inculcated
that they should be hunted like the jaguar to
his den and killed without mercy.
The Jaguar Hunt.
The dark jaguar was abroad in the land; ...
His strength and his ficroeness what foe could with-
stand ?
The breath of his anger was hot on the air, .
And the white lamb of peace he had dragged to his
lair.
Then up rose the farmer, he summoned his sons ;
"Now saddle your horses, now look to your guns!
And he called to his hound as he sprang from the
To tl™ back of his black pawing stud with a bound.
Oh I their hearts, at the word, how they tingled and
stirred 1 . .
They followed all belted and booted and spurred.
"Buckle tight beys," said ho, " for who gallops with
me,
Such a hunt as never before shall he see!"
With wide nostrils smoking, and flanks dripping goro,
The black stallion bore his bold rider before;
As onward they thnndered through forest and glen,
A hunting the dark jaguar to his den.
In April, sweet April, the chase was begun;
It was April again when the hunting was done:
The snows of four winters and four summers green
Lay red-streaked and trodden and blighted between.
Then the monster stretched all his grim length on the
ground;
His life-blood was wasting from many a wound;
Ferocious and gory and snarling he lay _
Amid heaps of the whitening bones of his prey.
Then up spoke the slow eldest son, and he said:
" All he needs is just to be fostered and fed,
Give over the strife; brothers, put up the knife;
We will tame him, reclaim him. buttaUonothisliiel
But the farmer flung back the false words in his face;
"Heis none of my race who gives counsel so basol
" Now let loose the hound I" And the hound was un-
And like lightning the heart of the traitor he found.
" So rapine and treason forever shall cease 1"
And they washed the stained fleece of the pale lamb
of peace; . . ...
When lo 1 a strong angel stands winged and white,
In a wonderful raiment ofjravishing light 1
Mr. Speaker, I have seen a great many con-
federate soldiers who enlisted from my dis-
trict. Most of them were directly interested
in the overthrow of slavery, as they were poor
men, with whose labor slave labor came into
competition. Still, though they were crushed
down by this aristocratic system, they ardent-
ly enlisted in the confederate cause. I asked
them what they had been fighting for, and
they said they had been fighting for the old
Constitution. This is the idea which influ-
enced thousands upon thousands of those who
went into the rebel army. They believed that
the abolition party of the North_ was violat-
ing the Constitution of the United States;
they believed it had invaded the sacred pre-
cincts of the rights of the States ; they be-
lieved a consolidated despotism could not be
established in place of our free Government
unless this abolition party was put down;
they therefore took up arms against the Gov-
ernment.
Now, sir, we may think that the southern
people were silly in having taken up arms
against the Government. It has been repeated
here day after day that secession arose from
their extreme and unconquerable ignorance.
When they went into the rebellion we are told
they did not know what they were fighting for.
If they did not know what they were fighting
for we ought to be more inclined to forgive
them, especially since we have ascertained
that we did not know what we were fighting
for. When we consider how many confused
ideas, distorted opinions, and blind passions
may be found in the labyrinths of every man's
brain we will not judge harshly.
Sir, this whole system is wrong. If history
teaches any lesson plainly, it is that a nation's
happiness, freedom, and perpetuity depend
upon the exercise of toleration. This lesson is
written in the blood of every nation which has
fought for freedom. Gentlemen may talk about
the laws of nations and quote Vattel and Grotius.
To quote from commentators on the laws of
nations is sheer nonsense. Who made the law
of nations? There is no such law. These com-
mentators derive their laws from precedents
set by nations of the Old World, and principles
foreign to the genius of an enlightened Govern-
ment. In this country no man or class of men
can impair the freedom and prerogatives of the
meanest citizen. Were we to conquer Mexico
to-day we would have no right to set up an
oligarchy of mestizoes or a monarch over that
country.
We are greatly exercised lest the Emperor
of France should set up a monarch in Mexico.
We fear to have a monarchy on our borders.
But it gives us no uneasiness that in our own
country, under the very wings of the American
eagle, freedom is to be struck down, the sov-
ereignty of the citizen is to be denied, and a
throne of despotism erected in every southern
State. The governments of that broad coun-
try, richer than the fertile lands of Egypt, are to
be farmed out by the moneyed aristocracy in the
North to speculators and to emigrant mercen-
aries, and to all others who may be willing to
" Crook the pregnant binges of the knee
Where thrift may follow fawning."
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
holds np as a precedent in international law
the conduct of Russia toward Circassia. The
Czar exterminated and drove out the fair inhab-
itants of that countiy, depopulated it, and re-
peopled it. The gentleman alluded to this
episode in Russian history as a triumph of ad-
ministrative ability worthy of imitation. We
are to grind the people of these States under
the heel of a central despotism, and if they
become restive and offer any excuse, we must
be ready and prompt to
" Let slip the dogs of war."
It is a mistake to suppose that proscription and
force can preserve our country. We must trust
to the conservative influences of society, and
if they fail our country is lost.
Equality of Suffrage.
SPEECH OF HON. T. E. NOELL,
OP MISSOURI,
In the House of Representatives,
February 11 and 18, 1867,
The House having under consideration the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That Governments were made for the
people and not the people for the Government; that
every adult citizen of sound mind in any State or
Territory has the right to a voice in the formation of
the constitution of said State, and in the representa-
tion and laws of said State, and that any State wnieh
disfranchises any class of its citizens on account of
sex is not republican in form and should" be over-
turned by Congress.
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of
Columbia ishereby instructed to report to thisHouse,
without delay, a bill so amending an act entitled Ail
act to regulate the elective franchise in the District
of Columbia," which passed Congress January 8,1867,
as to abolish the disfranchisement of persons irom
voting on account of sex. .
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary are
instructed to report a bill calling a convention and
authorizing every adult citizen of sound mind in the
State of Massachusetts to vote for delegates to said
convention for the purpose of making a constitution
for said State republican in form.
Mr. NOELL. Mr. Speaker, I have been
asked frequently if I were sincere in advocating
woman suffrage. If my principles are sound,
why inquire my motive? You do not believe
a Democrat can uphold woman suffrage in
good faith. It is the old story, nothing good
can come out of Nazareth. People must be-
lieve that politicians are sincere, for they look
to them for earnest advice. But politics is a
farce. The actors in the play smile at each
other behind the scenes and congratulate them-
selves that they have " knocked'' the people.
I, unlike most public men, belongto no party;
and unlike the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] no party belongs to me—
"a rose by any other name would smell as sweet,"
but a politician does not. I am sick of names
and quibbles. It is Nero fiddling while Rome
is burning. We discuss interminably the dif-
ference between tweedle-dum and tweedle-dee,
and get each other on the hip by calling the
yeas and nays. The Congressional Globe of
last session had more wind in it than Ulysses'
bags. A little seriousness of purpose would
act as a great carminative to that journal. One
party contends that this is a white man's Gov-
ernment ; the other party demonstrates that it
is a black man's Government. One party con-
tends that the southern States are in the Union
as now organized on the white basis ; while the
other party says that they are out of the Union
(which they are, considering the Radicals have
the power to exclude them) and that they shall
not return until they come back " Union end
foremost," which means negro end foremost.
Why need we prolong discussion on that ques-
tion ? The Radicals have the power and will
adopt any expedient to perpetuate it. Revo-
lutions never go backward. All discussion
could only appeal to the sense of justice or
mercy of the dominant party. Talk to a Rad-
ical about justice ! you had as well sing love-
songs to a mantua-maker's dummy. As to
moving a Radical's bowels of compassion, he
has no such bowel in his body. If he has, it is
the vermiformis, not subject to be moved.
The history of civilization is the history of
peace. Historians have but little to say of the
history of civilization. The task of writing
history has devolved upon men, and nothing
is important in their eyes but throat-cuttings,
