714.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fence of the people, do not shut out the ten
tates or Territories, or whatever you may see
fit to call them, from education simply because
the people of that section differ from you on
political questions. They have been arrayed
in battle against you for want perhaps of that
superior education which you 'have received.
I ask, is it wise or just to exclude from the
advantages of knowledge the children of the
soldiers who were in the rebel army? Sir,
extend to them kindness and give them the
Opportunity of acquiring an education that
shall fit them for becoming good citizens of
the Republic in future.
The gentleman says the trustee has been
false to the trust. He looks upon these'States
as trustees and as having violated their trust,
and to maintain his own consistency, with loud-
mouthed denunciation of the men who fought,
he proposes to exclude the children of those
men from the benefits of education. Sir, if
the gentleman has seen in the city which he
represents here, and of which he is a worthy
ornament, the advantage of public education,
if he has seen it in other cities, notwithstanding
the disturbances which arise from the great
diversity of population and the variety of nation-
alities there, what in the name of sense will be
the result throughout the vast region of country
lately in rebellion? The light of the truth car-
ried by the printing press throughout that sec-
tion is by the action of that gentleman and his
friends to be excluded from the southern peo-
ple. Why does he exclude them? That he
may maintain a concentrated political organi-
zation within this body, where he may speak
all he knows, while those he assails are with-
out a Representative on this floor. He would
continue the tyrannical supremacy of Congress
over a downtrodden, ignorant people, excluded
from opportunities of education more dear
to the patriot and the Christian than the ballot
itself. The very Bible, about which that gen-
tleman prates with such a pretense of philan-
thropy as being excluded from the black man,
he would by his system exclude from the white
people of those States. Oh, hypocrisy! thy
name is politics ; and when thou arrayest thy-
self in human form thou speakest in the loud-
mouthed words of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLEY. "Will the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia yield to me a moment?
Mr. BIDWELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to catch the ear of
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Cooper]
a moment. I did not, in the confusion around
me, hear his language exactly. I want to ask
him whether those around me are right in say-
ing that he impugned ray veracity.
Mr. COOPER. Mr. Speaker, I said that when
the gentleman from Pennsylvania charged An-
drew Johnson with being a usurper, if I were
permitted to quote the language of Marmion to
Lord Douglas I would say—
"Lord Angus, thou hast lied."
Mr. KELLEY. If I were permitted! Sir,
while the usurpation was plotting he was the
confidential paid agent of the usurper, and
knew all the secrets of the usurpation, and if
conscience has not been extinguished in him
he is not permitted to deny my allegation.
Mr. COOPER. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
is mistaken as to his facts. While 1 was the
confidential agent and friend of the President
of the United States, and I glory in the fact,
not one dollar of his money has ever been
handled by me; and when the gentleman says
that I was his paid agent he lies again.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is out of
order.
Mr. KELLEY. It was not Andrew John-
son's own money he handled; it was ours
and that of the people of the United States.
The gentleman from Tennessee was a member
of the President's household, and was paid for
his services. I will not bandy blackguardism
with him on this floor.
Mr. JENCKES. I call these gentlemen to
order. I submit that these remarks do not
apply to the bill now before the House.
January 24,
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. B1 DWELL. I will now yield for five
minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota,
[Mr. Donnelly.]
Mr. D ONNELL Y. I have offered an amend-
ment to the joint resolution, which has been
read at the Clerk's desk. I did not offer it
without having first submitted it to the consid-
eration and approval of some of the Repre-
sentatives from Tennessee upon this floor.
The resolution under consideration will give
the State of Tennessee three hundred thousand
acres of the Government lands. These will
not be to any extent lands located within the
State of Tennessee, but they will be taken from
the great West. It is a grant, therefore, given
by the nation to the State of Tennessee. It
will create a college there, a great institution
of learning erected by the beneficence of the
nation. It is just and right that that institu-
tion so existing by virtue of a grant made by
the nation shall not foster or encourage the
enemies of the nation. I have, therefore,
offered this amendment that no man who has
been an officer, civil or military, under the
so-called confederate government or under the
rebel government of Tennessee shall hold
office in the college as professor or tutor.
I urge this in no spirit of persecution, but
it is just and right if we by our grant create an
institution that our very grant shall not be
turned into a means whereby the enemies of
the country may teach their damnable heresies
to the rising generation.
We have already seen that in the State of
Virginia the great military chieftain of the
rebellion (General Lee) has been appointed
a professor in one of its colleges; and it is
within the probabilities that, the time may come
in the State of Tennessee when the author of
the Fort Pillow massacre might preside over
the college created under the very grant we
are now engaged in making. I therefore trust
that the amendment I have offered may be
added to the bill, so that if we make this grant
and create this institution rebels shall not be
its professors.
Mr. LE BLOND. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Minnesota whether his amend-
ment would not be an attempt on the part of
Congress to regulate the management of the
affairs of a college which is under State juris-
diction, and whether that would not be a usurp-
ation on the part of Congress of a power that
does not belong to the General Government.
Mr. DONNELLY. I would say, in answer
to the gentleman, that if we make a grant we
have full power to affix the conditions upon
which it shall be held. If the conditions do
not suit the State she may refuse the grant. I
would call the attention of the House to the
fact that the State of Maryland has but the
other day, almost within sight of this Capitol,
appointed a son of General Lee as one of the
principal professors in one of its agricultural
colleges ; and we will be false to our duty as
Representatives of the loyal people of the Uni-
ted States if we do not prevent such a contin-
gency in the State of Tennessee.
Mr. BIDWELL. I now call for the vote.
Mr. ROGERS. I desire to move an amend-
ment to the amendment.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done, as
the previous question is operating.
Mr. ROGERS. Then by what right does the
gentleman from Minnesota offer his amend-
ment ?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from New
Jersey had been observant of the proceedings
of the House he would have known that the
amendment was offered some time since, and
before the previous question was seconded.
Mr. LE BLOND. Upon the adoption of the
amendment I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 114, nays 35, not voting
42 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, James M. Ash-
ley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks. Barker, Baxter, Bea-
man, Benjamm, Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine, Boutwell,
Brandegee, Bromwel], Broomall, Buckland, Bundy,
Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, CdnkKng, Cook, Cullom
Darling, Dawes, Deming, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly,
Driggs, Dumont, Eckley, Eggleston, Eliot, Eams-
worth, Ferry, Garfield, Grinnell, Griswold, Abner C
HardingJIart, Hawkins, Hayes.Higby, Hill, Holmes,
Hooper, Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbaed, Demas Hub-
bard, John H. Hubbard, Hulburd, Jenekes, Julian,
Kelley, Kelso, Ketcham, Koontz, Laflin, George V.
Lawrence. Loan. Longyear, Lynch, Marvin, May-
nard, MeClurg, Mclndoe. McRee, MeRuer, ittercur.
Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Myers,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson, 1'erham, Pike, Plants,
Poraeroy, Pnce.William H. Randall, Raymond, John
H. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck, Seofield, Shel-
labarger, Sloan, Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Stilwell,
Stokes, Francis Thomas, Trowbridge. Upson, Tan
Aernam, B.urt Van Horn, Hamilton "Ward, "Warner,
William JB. Washburn, Walker, Wentworth, Wil-
liams, James F. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—1X4.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Chanler, Cooper,
Denison, Eldridge, Finck, Glossbrcnner, Goodyear,
Aaron Harding, Harris, Hise, Edwin N. Hubbell,
Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Shanklin; Sitgreaves. Strouse,
Tabor, Nelson Taylor, Thornton, Trimble, Andrew
H. "VVard, and Winficld—35.
NOT V OTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Arnell, Delos
R. Ashley, Blow, Boyer, Campbell, Sidney Clarke,
Culver, Davis, Dawson, Defrees, Delano, Farquhar,
Hale, Henderson, Hogan, Asahel W. Hubbard, James
R. Hubbell, Hunter. Ingersoll, Jones, Kasson, Kuy-
kendall, Latham, William Lawrence, Marston, Mc-
Cullough, Newell, Phelps, Radford, Alexander H.
Rice, Rousseau, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thayer, John
L. Thomas, Robert T. Van Horn. Elihu B. Washbnrne,
Henry D. Washburn, Whaley, Stephen P. Wilson, and
W right—42.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was then
ordered tcbe engrossed and read a third time ;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time.
Mr. BIDWELL. I call the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. BIDWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE EKOM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had passed an act (S. No. 525) sup-
plementary to an act to prevent smuggling, and
for other purposes, approved July 18, 18G6;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested.
SMALL-ARMS.
Mr. LAFLIN, from'the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution, upon
which he called the previous question:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
House five hundred extra copies of the communica-
tion from the Secretary of War in answer to a reso-
lution of this House in reference to small-arms.
The previous question was seconded'^smd the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SOLDIERS OF WAB OF 1812.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution, upon
which he called the previous question :
Resolved, That five thousand extra copies of the
report of the Committee on Invalid Pensions on the
bills granting pensions to the soldiers of the vrar of
1812 be printed for the use of the House.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered j and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; ai. '1 also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
payment op pension's.
Mr. PERHAM. . I ask unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table
