1478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
of Mr. McKee to the substitute of the com-
mittee, and it was not agreed to—ayes 36,
noes 79,
The question recurrcd upon the substitute
reported from the committee, which had been
modified to read as follows:
Amend the bill of the Senate by striking out all
after the enacting clause, and inserting in lieu thereof
the following:
That the Secretary of the Navy is hereby author-
ized and directed to investigate the claims of all
contractors for building vessels-of-war and stearru,
machinery for the same, said investigation to b^
made upon the following basis: he shall ascertain
the additional cost which was necessarily incurred
by each contractor in the completion of his work by
reason of any changes or alterations in the plans and
specifications required and delays in the prosecution
of the work occasioned by the Government which
were not provided for in the original contract; but
110 allowancofor any advance in the price of labor
or material shall be considered unless such advance
occurred during the prolonged time for completing
the work, rendered necessary by the delay resulting
from the action of the Government aforesaid, and
then only when such advance could not have been
avoided by the exercise of ordinary prudence and
diligence on tho part of the contractor; and from
such additional cost, to be ascertained as aforesaid,
there shall be deducted such sum as may havo been
paid each contractor for any reason, heretofore, over
and above the contract prioe, and shall report to
Congress a tabular statement of each ease, which
shall contain the name of the contractor, a descrip-
tion of the work, the contract price, the whole in-
creased cost of the work over the contract price, and
tho amount of such increased cost caused by the
delay and action of tho Government as aforesaid,
and tho amount already paid the contractor over and
above the contract prico.
Mr. ALLEY. Is this the amendment re-
ported by the majority of the Committee of
Claims?
The SPEAKER. It is, as modified on the
suggestion of tho gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Delako.]
Mr. GltlSWOLD. And if this is voted
down we will then come to a vote on the Sen-
ate bill 1
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is correct.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will tho Senate bill
then be open to amendment?
The SPEAKER. It will not, for the House
is acting under the operation of the previous
question.
Mr. SPALDING. If we adopt this amend-
ment, that will be an end of the matter for a
time at least,.
Mr. SCOFIELD. And if we vote down both
the amendment and the Senate bill, that will
Ml the matter for a time at least.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment as modified ; and upon a division, there
were—ayes 88, noes 44.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then read a third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. SLOAN. Upon that question I call for
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BROMWELL, Mr. SCOFIELD, and
Mr. LE BLOND called for the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and upon a division there
were—ayes seventeen.
Before the noes were counted,
Mr. SCOFIELD called for tellers.
• The question was taken upon ordering tell-
ers, and there were—ayes twenty-one.
So (more than one fifth of a quorum having
voted in the affirmative) tellers were ordered;
and Messrs. Bromwell and Dawson were ap-
pointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes thirty-one.
So (the affirmative having more than one
fifth of the last vote) the yeas and nays were
ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 105, nays 42, not voting
43 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Anderson, James M.
Ashloy, Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin.Bergen, Bidwell,
Bingham, Blow, Boutwell, Buckland, Bundy, Reader
W. Clarke, Conkling, Cook, Cullom, Darling, Dawes,
Delano. Dodge, Donnelly, Dumont, Eggleston, Eliot,
Farnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry, Goodyear, Grmnell,
Griswold, Abner C. Harding. Ilayes, Henderson,
Higby, Hill, Hogan, Holmes, Hooper, Demas Hub-
bard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James R. Hubbell, Hulburd,
Ingersoil, Jenckes, Julian, Kasson, Kellcy, Kelso,
Ketcham, Koontz, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, Le
Blond, Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Marshall, Marvin,
McClurg, McCullough, McKee, MeRuer, Miller,
Morris, Myers, Niblack, Nicholson, Noel!, O'Neill,
Orth, Paine, Perham.Pomeroy, Price, Radford, "Wil-
liam II. Randall, Raymond, Rogers, Rollins, Ross,
Rousseau, Sawyer, Schenck, Shellabarger, Sit-
greaves, Sloan, Spalding. Starr, Tabor, Nathaniel G.
Taylor, Nelson Taylor, John L. Thomas, Thornton,
Trowbridge, Upson. Burt Van Horn, Henry D. Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Whalcy, J ame3 F. Wil-
son, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Winfield—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Arnell, Delos It. Ashley,
Baker, Boyer, Brandegee, Bromwell, Broomall,
Campbell, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cooper, Davis, Daw-
son, Defrees, Deming, Denison, Eldridge, Finck,
Glossbrcnner, Aaron Harding, Hart, Hawkins, Hise,
John H. Hubbard, Humphrey, Hunter, Leftwich,
Maynard, Newell,Plants, Samuel J.Randall, Ritter,
Scofield, Shanklin, Stokes, Thaver, Trimble, An-
drew H.Ward, Hamilton Ward, Warner, and Went-
worth—42.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Baldwin, Banks,
Barker, Blaine. Chanlcr, Culver, Dixon, Driggs, Eek-
ley, Garfield, Hale. Harris, Hotchkiss, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Jones, Kerr, Kuy-
kondall, Latham, William Lawrence, Marston, Mc-
Indoe, Mercur, Moorhead, Morrill, Moulton, Patter-
son, Phelps, Piko, Alexander H. Rice, John 11. Rice,
Stevens, Stilwell, Strouse, Francis Thomas, Van
Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn, ElihuB. Washburne,
Welkcr, Williams, Woodbridge, and Wright—43.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. SLOAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which-the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles ; when the Speaker signed the same :
An act (S. No. 283) for the relief of Edward
St. Clair Clarke ;
An act (S. No. 513) granting a pension to
Patrick Meehan; and
An act (S. No. G02) granting a pension to
Ezra B. Gordon.
augusta and somerville railroad
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War, in
answer to a resolution of the House of the 20th
instant relative to correspondence between the
commandant of Augusta arsenal, Georgia, and
the president of the Augusta and Somerville
railroad company; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
insisted on its amendments to the bill of the
House No. 1134, declaring and fixing the
rights of volunteers as a part of the Army,
disagreed to by the House; had agreed to the
request of the House for a committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses upon the bill, and had appointed Mr.
Wilson, Mr. Howard, and Mr. Frelinghcy-
sen the conferees on the part of the Senate.
abolishing the marine corps.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That one thousand extra copies of the
report of the Committee on Military Affairs in refer-
ence to abolishing the Marine corps and substituting
therefor soldiers Irom tho Army be printed for the use
of the House.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tariff bill.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, also reported the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be printed for tho use of this
House two thousand copies of tho tariff bill, as
reported from the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
national school of science.
Mr. CHANLER, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be requested to inquire into the expediency of bring-
ing in a bill to establish a National School of Science.
elias beale.
On motion of Mr. MAYNARD, by unan-
imous consent, the bill (S. No. 584) entitled
"An act for the relief of Elias Beale, late cap-
tain of company H, eighth regiment Tennes-
see volunteer infantry," was taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed, without amendment, a bill (H. R. No.
820) entitled "An act for the relief of Henry S.
Davis."
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No.
213) to extend the provisions of the act in
regard to agricultural colleges to the State of
Tennessee, with an amendment, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a joint resolution (S. R.
No. 17C) relative to the post office and sub-
Treasury of the city of Boston ; in which the
concurrence of the House was requested.
tax bill.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the rules be suspended, and that the
House now resoln itself into the Committee
of the Whole on tne state of the Union on the
special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on tho state of
the Union, (Mr. Boutwell in the chair,) and
res'umed the consideration of the special order,
being House bill No. 1161, to amend existing
laws relating to internal revenue.
The pending question was on the amendment
of Mr. Allison to the amendment of Mr.
Davis.
The amendment of Mr. Davis was to insert
after line sixty-one the words "sewing-ma-
chines."
The amendment to the amendment was to
strike out "sewing-machines" and insert in
lieu thereof the words " shirt-fronts, wrist-
bands or cuffs for shirts."
Mr. KELLEY. I ask the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Allison] to modify his amendment
by adding the words "except those made of
paper."
Mr. ALLISON. I have no objection to that.
I make that modification.
On agreeing to the amendment to the amend-
ment there were—-ayes 28, noes 35; no quorum
voting.
The CHAIRMAN under the rules, ordered
tellers, and appointed Messrs. Allison and
Baker.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 51, noes 43.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the committee to go back to a part of
the bill which has already been read, so as to
insert a word which has been omitted.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there any objection
to the proposition of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Scofield?]
There was no objection.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to amend by in-
