186T.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
109
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Equality of Suffrage—Mr. Noell.
Ho. of Reps.
blood-lettings, stratagems, and spoils. Garru-
lous history likes to curdle one's blood with
the details of all that is monstrous, cruel, and
wicked. Historians are a kind of biped jack-
als, who riot in human carcasses. What a
glorious feast were the mountains of skulls
piled up by Tamerlane to mark the progress
of his conquests! Piles of human heads cut
off and stacked up, numbering thousands. The
stories in the Arabian Nights of Bagdad under
Haroun al Raschid are not as interesting as
the history of Bagdad with ninety thousand
human carcasses on the streets. Who civilized
the world? Neither Guizot nor Buckle nor
Hallam can answer this question. We must
gleaa along the waste stubble-fields, whence
history has garnered her stores, for facts to aid
ns in solving this question. We derived our
civilization from Rome ; the latter derived her
civilization from Greece ; and this last country
derived her civilization from Egypt. Who civil-
ized Egypt? The women!
That was a long time ago, say you ? Yes, it
was long ago; but there was the same little
difference between men and women then that
exists now. It was long before the soil of
Massachusetts was trodden by that painted and
tattooed race of human beings against whose
barbarism our Puritan forefathers turned those
civilizing engines of Christianity, gunpowder
and Holland gin. It was before Irish potatoes
had offended the statistics of learned philan-
tropists by overstocking the world with sur-
plus human beings. It was before anti-nicotian
societies were formed; before nice young men
smoked cigars or old women consoled them-
selves with pipes. It was before the Monroe
doctrine had been promulgated in America.
It was shortly after the great flood, when the
■world was hung out in the "universe to dry.
Egypt was the cradle of civilization, of the
arts and sciences; the sciences of astronomy
and astrology, the useful arts, and the black
arts, all were taught here; for amid the
universal barbarism of the world Egypt had
civilized herself. Egypt civilized the world,
and the women civilized Egypt. The period-
ical overflowings of the Nile caused the people
to meet together in the high places. The men
and women mingled together, every one bend-
ing his or her energy to minister to the general
welfare during the overflow. Here the native
genius of the women displayed itself in devis-
ing conveniences and comforts and in the vari-
ous ways in which genius must assert itself
when the conventionalities of society are broken
down. The dull, plodding, thick-headed men
of Egypt—the most talented men in the world
—found that they knew nothing compared to
the knowledge of the women. For their own
% interest they constituted the women the con-
trolling class. We have no Nile to overflow
and break down the conventionalities of soci-
ety; but we are threatened by a destructive
overflow of the Niger, and I think it is time
to bring the women into the high places.
The women of Egypt were the traders and
merchants. They enriched that country and
gave a start to the arts and sciences. They
were the heads of families. When the parents
grew old the daughters and not the sons were
bound by law to support them. In the mar-
riage contract the woman promised to support
her husband and the husband in turn promised
to obey his wife. The Egyptian women traded
in Tyre and Sidon; the Arabian merchants
carried on traffic between the Hindoos and
the Egyptian women.
That wry-necked, sweet-scented fellow of
Macedon (Plutarch says he smelt like cin-
namon) might well feel proud of the conquest
of this country and celebrate it by building
the city of Alexandria; and when the little
corporal of Lodi crossed into Egypt to build
by conquest the fabric of an oriental dream,
well might his soul expand as he said: "Sol-
diers of Prance, from yonder pyramids forty
centuries look down upon you!" Napoleon
did not say anything of the mummies of illus-
trious females, through whose eyes, now empty,
gluey sockets, once beamed the civilization of
the world, probably before the descendants of
Noah's crow could find a roosting place on
Corsica. Napoleon, like all warriors, held that
only one function belonged to women—to breed
men for the ranks. Some one asked him who
was the greatest woman in France; he replied,
"She who has borne the most children."
Balmes 'in his work on Philosophy attacks
the old theory of the inertia of matter, and
asserts that all things are naturally in a state
of motion. The philosophy of the world has
always been that war is the normal condition
of man. In Sparta deformed children were
killed because they could never make warriors.
Sinee the day that Cain killed Abel the his-
tory of the world has been written in blood.
Individuals and communities are playing al-
ways a mutual game of grab, and the longest
arm and the strongest arm takes the prize.
The women cannot fight, and they have always
lost their rights in the game of grab. Among
barbarians the women perform all the work,
except the pleasant sports of hunting and fish-
ing. Women attend to the property of their
husbands, they grind corn, skin the game,
cook, tan the skins of animals, and make gar-
ments and perform other duties. Spinning
and weaving has done more to humanize
mankind than anything else. This of course
was the invention of woman. The old line
runs:
" When Adam delved and Eve span
Who was tiien a gentleman?"
The women taught mankind to wear fine
clothes. Adam was not made with breeches
on. As a symbol of power Eve was entitled
to them. She was the controlling genius in
Eden. The devil knew which one to tempt.
Fine dressing was the first impulse to com-
merce. Babylon, with her fifty miles of wall
and her hundred gates of brass, her stately
palaces and hanging gardens, was built by a
woman. Its fabrics of scarlet and fine linen,
rich vestments and embroidery, were the handi-
work of women. Carthage was founded by
a Phoenician woman, and the traders of that
city used to transport the jewels and fabrics
of the East to the barbarians of the West.
The women of Babylon used to dross and
shape jewels. They did not have diamonds,
but they used to grind the purple amethyst, the
green emerald, the blue sapphire, the red, red
ruby, and other stones as precious in their eyes
as diamonds.
Andromache fed and curried Hector's horses,
and when he died she embroidered his death
scene. Helen of Troy embroidered a great
work during the siege representing the differ-
ent battles of the siege. Would that some ver-
satile female would embroider a scene repre-
senting the reception of a loyal Congress! It
would require a brown rag for the groundwork.
Sumptuary laws were passed against women.
In the time of Romulus women were forbidden
to taste wine, and several husbands killed their
wives for violating this custom. The women,
to be above suspicion, used to kiss every man
who called on them. If the Congressional
Temperance Society will inaugurate that cus-
tom we will all join it. _
When Europe was overrun by barbarians
commerce was destroyed and agriculture inter-
rupted. The lands were all seized by the war-
like chiefs and the people plundered. The
allodial tenures of the Saxons and the feudal
tenures of the Normans were alike adaptations
of war. Peaceful pursuits were universally
discarded, and the great landholders were rob-
bers, who lived by the saddle. The massof
the people were like so many eattle attached
to the land, the absolute slaves of the baron.
Every noble was intrenched in a castle de-
fended by strong walls and broad ditches.
There could be no ingress or egress until .the
gate was unbarred and the arawtvidge let
down. Sentinels paced around the castle
through all the silent watches of the night.
Under the allodial tenures the people had no
protection. , Each baron was lord and master
of his own manor and all its vassals. They
could own no property, they lived on his
bounty, were his tenants-at-will, and paid him
whatever he exacted as rent, tithes, donations,
fines, or customs. Every person was forced
to deliver himself into this slavery to some
baron to be protected from robbery or murder,
for there was no law of protection except the
will of a powerful chief, and he only protected
hie vassals. His vassals could not marry with-
out his consent. The custom of borough-Eng-
lish by which property descended to the young-
est son sprung from a custom on the pjart of
the lord of the manor to have possession of
the brides of his tenants the first day of mar-
riage, from which the oldest son might not
resemble his father.
There was a law in France that a lord return-
ing from hunting should not kill more than two
serfs to warm his feet in their bowels. Noble
lords frequently shot serfs on tops of houses to
see them tumble off dead. These noble lords
were funny fellows and played grim pranks.
No trade was allowed or carried on except
by peddlers, who prowled about the country
with such portable articles as they could carry
on their backs. Traveling peddlers were not
so welcome as mendicant minstrels, who sung
bacchanals at drunken routs and sungthe praises
of warlike valor. Peddlers had to pay heavy
licenses for the privilege of trading, and in-
curred great danger of being robbed or killed.
So common was the murder of these wretches
that if a noble lord laughed in company he was
frequently asked if he had killed a peddler. But
notwithstanding the danger and heavy tax upon
them peddlers did travel about selling small
wares and fabrics. Those who live in places
remote from cities will bear me out in the
assertion that nothing short of death will ever
stop a peddler. They are a class of unsung
heroes who are daunted by no obstacle.
There being i o commerce, all the produce
of the land was consumed in its crude state.
The corn and cattle were used to feed retain-
ers who lived upon the bounty of the baron,
and were his slaves in peace and his followers
in war. This kept a standing army quartered
in every manor.
But these standing armies could not remain
idle. The chieftain of a thousand retainers
plundered his neighbor who was only five
hundred strong. To prevent this the weaker
nobles combined and set up a common chief-
tain to whom they paid allegiance, and who
protected them from rapacity of the strong.
Thus arose feudalism and the establishment of
a sovereign liege. International wars ren-
dered it necessary for all the barons of a nation
to unite under one sovereign. 80 nations
drifted into monarchy, and allodial tenures
changed to feudal tenures, held of the king.
From that time forward commenced a struggle
on the part of the central power to strengthen
itself against the power of thf barons. The
struggle was long and severe. The men who
were vassal slaves were rallied first under the
standard of the king and then of the barons,
and each had to appeal to the vassal's interest
and hold out inducements for him to fight in
the way of new liberties granted him. King
John, who is always spoken of as a tyrant, did
more of his own accord to establish the liber-
ties of the people than any sovereign who ever
reigned in England. He built up tne free
boroughs and strengthened the people against
the barons. In the charter which the barons
demanded at Runnymede the bulwark of
English liberty was established; but the barons
onlv put in these grants of liberty to the citizens
to enable them to obtain the assistance ot the
people to force the king to relinquish claims
which were obnoxious to the barons, lhus
the men, being able to fight, had their liberties
