1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1479
serting, on page 7, between lines twenty-six
and twenty-seven, the following:
That section twenty-four be amended by inserting
in the proviso to said section, after the word "spirits'
wherever it occurs the words "or petroleum."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to amend the bill by
inserting after line sixty-two the words "that
from and after the 1st day of September, 186^
no tax shall be levied or collected on cotton
grown within the United States."
Mr. Chairman, from the temper which has
already been evinced by the House on this
question I do not know whether there is the
slightest hope that this amendment will be
adopted; but 1 believe, with the old covenant-
ers of Scotland, that it is sometimes valuable
to bear testimony against a wrong which we
are unable to resist. I think the tax on raw
cotton is altogether the most extraordinary
that was ever laid by an intelligent Govern-
ment. Six years ago, when the war began,
we had a monopoly of this article in the mar-
kets of the world. The course and events of
the war robbed us of that monopoly. The
system of labor on which the cotton culture
rested was utterly destroyed, destroyed as a
necessity of war and for the permanent wel-
fare of the nation as well as to vindicate the
right of every man to personal freedom. Nor
was this all. The war in its ravages consumed
the horses, the mules, and the farming imple-
ments of the South, laying waste the planta-
tions and using up the accumulated wealth and
the reserved capital of the South. Owing to
this state of circumstances in our own coun-
try we find that Brazil, Central America, the
West Indies, Egypt, Australia, and the East
Indies were greatly stimulated and encour-
aged to engage in the cultivation of cotton,
and hence during the five years in which the
business was practically suspended in the Uni-
ted States every other country in the world,
where the climate and soil are suitable, en-
gaged in the effort with great zeal and enter-
prise. And they have succeeded in a remark-
able degree, despite the assertions to the
contrary, and are now presenting a formidable
competition with us in foreign markets.
We now desire to regain our ascendency,
and the first step which Congress takes is to
impose a heavy tax of fifteen dollars on each
and every bale of cotton _ before it can be
removed from the plantation or district in
which it is raised. It seems to me that absurd-
ity cannot go farther ; that if we had specially
designed to lay a great obstacle in the way of
our ever reviving the cotton business in this
country we could not have invented a more
certain and efficient mode than this tax pre-
Many gentlemen seem to imagine that the
business of cotton-growing is enormously prof
itable and can therefore pay any amount of
tax. Now, sir, I do not hesitate to say that
no business of equal magnitude in the whole
country was attended with such unsatisfactory
results as was cotton-growing in 1866. I hold
in my hand some very valuable and reliable
statistics on this subject, and I wish I had time
to read them to the House; but some brief
extracts must suffice. In Alabama, on sixteen
plantations, the total cost of the year, allowing
a very moderate rental for the land, was over
$242,000, while the total product was only
$137,000, showing a net loss of $105,000.
Twenty-four plantations in Arkansas, Tennes-
see, Mississippi, and Georgia, show a total loss
of $121,000. The season was, I admit, extraor-
dinarily unpropitious, and the misfortune is
that this fact operates to discourage the cotton
culture to such a degree that we ought to
make some special effort to revive and stimu-
late it; and we could do nothing so effective
in this direction as to remove the tax. I have
no doubt that if Congress were to repeal this
tax to-day, thousands of acres would at once
be planted in cotton that will otherwise lie
idle throughout the present year.
We hear a great deal of talk m this Hall,
Mr. Chairman, about the resumption of specie
payment. Theorizing on this subject may be
entertaining if not instructive, but practical men
see that we shall not get on to a specie basis
until we export something else than gold eagles
and five-twenty bonds to pay our balances in
Europe. Our hope of a balance of trade in
our favor rests on the increase of our exports,
and the only way we can effectively increase our
exports is to encourage the growth of cotton.
Put the cotton region in a position to produce
a crop of five million bales—and with proper
legislation they will do that in 1869—and I war-
rant you that we shall be on the specie basis at
once, without further effort and, indeed, with-
out any one knowing it until we have actually
realized it. Two hundred and fifty millions in
gold to our credit annually in Liverpool will
force us to the specie basis, even if we did not
desire to reach it. One peculiar hardship in
this cotton tax is that it places the cotton
grower, white and black, under the control of
the money-lender. When the crop is ready
for market it cannot be removed until the tax
is paid, and the planter having exhausted his
means in producing his crop is forced to go to
the usurer and he is thus inevitably oppressed
to a cruel extent. One gentleman who had to
raise $3,000 to pay the tax on his crop told
me that he had paid forty per cent, for the
money on a loan for only a few weeks. I sub-
mit that a law which thus places labor in the
hands and under the power of capital is faulty
and vicious in the extreme.
If we desire, Mr. Chairman, to elevate the
material condition of the freedman—and that
is the direct road to his moral and intellectual
elevation—we must open to him profitable
avenues of industry. The fate of the negro and
the cotton plant in this country seem to be in-
dissolubly connected, and justin the degree that
we retard the cotton culture we retard the prog-
ress and the profit of negro labor. In urging
the repeal of the cotton tax, therefore, I feel
that I am most effectively pleading the cause
of the emancipated negroes of the southern
States. .
The idea that we are punishing the South by
this tax (which some gentlemen advance) is
utterly delusive, if it were not indeed unworthy.
The cotton tax is not an injury to the South
merely, but to the whole country,_ and quite as
great an injury to the manufacturing and com-
mercial interest as it is to the agricultural.
Resentment is always an unsafe basis for legis-
lation, and especially unsafe when applied to
business and financial questions. Let us throw
such feelings aside and look at the question in
its true light. Let us remember that a heavy
export of cotton with cheap cotton at home are
among the most desirable objects for the whole
country that can possibly be attained. Let us
remember that the tax of fifteen dollars per
bale is not merely an oppression and a hin-
derance to cotton growing in the United States,
but that it is a bounty and a stimulus to cotton
growing in Egypt, in India, and everywhere
else that the plant can be successfully cultiva-
ted. We may, I know, get several millions per
annum from this tax, but every dollar derived
from this source is a loss of five dollars in its
adverse effects on other business interests of
the country. It is a tax in short, Mr. Chair-
man, which we cannot afford to collect, and
which in my judgment should be remitted at
once.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I oppose
the amendment.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 52, noes 46.
Mr. PRICE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Blaine and
Mr. Allison were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 63, noes 54.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sleds, wheelbarrows, and hand-carts.
Mr. FARQUIIAR. I move after the words
"carts"to insert "and fence made of wood."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Soles and heel-taps made of India-rubber or of
India-rubber and other materials;
Steel of all descriptions, whether made from mack-
bar, blooms, slabs, loops, or otherwise.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to insert "and
bar, plate, and sheet iron."
This is in accordance with the recommenda-
tion of the special commissioner. I cannot
recapitulate all the reasons for it in the time
allotted to me. On the basis of the returns
of 1866 the reduction would be 1,500,000,
but there is abundant margin furnished by
previous action of the committee in regard to
leather.
There is another reason. Fifty rolling-mills
in western Pennsylvania, employing ten thou-
sand hands, are now idle, and it may not in fact
involve any reduction at all. The British article
is now selling in our market at a price less than
it costs us to manufacture it.
Mr. ALLISON. Will the gentleman adopt
all of the recommendations of the special com-
missioner?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes; so far as this article
is concerned.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re- •
ported—ayes 49, noes 52.
Mr. WILLIAMS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Williams
and Mr. Kasson were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 43, noes 52.
The Chairman voted in the negative.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask unanimous consent
that a vote be taken on the amendment in the
House.
Objection was made.
The Clerk read as follows:
Steam locomotives and marine engines, inoluding
boilers.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to strike out " locomotives and marine."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Straw or binder's board and binder's cloth.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to insert at the
end of that line the words " and straw wrap-
ping-paper." There is no objection to that
amendment on the part of the Committee of
Ways and Means.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to insert after line sixty-eight " stove polish,
or other manufacture exclusively of plum-
bago."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move to insert after the
amendment, just adopted " buck-saws."
In line thirty-two " frames and handles for
saws and buck-saws" are placed on the free
list. I understood that the committee intended
to put buck-saws also on the free list Buck-
saws are the saws which are used in sawing
wood before our doors by very poor persons,
and the amount of revenue derived from this
source is very small.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MERCUR. I move to insert after the
amendment just adopted "stump-machines."
This is an article very much used in some
portions of the country.
Mr. BROOMALL. This article is already
exempted.
Mr. MERCUR. No, sir; "root-diggers"
are, and there is no reason why "stump-ma-
chines" should not be exempted on the same
principle.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HART. I move to insert after that
amendment the words " potato diggers.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Tags, merchandise and direction of cloth, paper
or metal, whether blank or printed.
Mr. PERRY. I move to insert "logsidings
i and shingle machines." I will state that I
