1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
715
the amendments of the Senate to the amend-
ments of the House to Senate bill No. 69, to
provide for the payment of pensions.
No objection was made.
Mr. PERHAM. I move that the amend-
ments of the Senate be non-concurred in, and
that a committee of conference be requested
upon the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
last taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table^
The latter motion was agreed to.
reconstruction.
Mr. STEVENS. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
consideration of House bill No. 543, for re-
storing to the States lately in insurrection their
full political rights. Upon this bill, by unan-
imous order of the House, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] was to be re-
garded as entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not propose at pres-
ent to call the previous question, but will
leave the bill open for discussion to-day: I
now yield to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Raymond.]
Mr. RAYMOND. Mr. Speaker, as the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] has
decided to leave this great and engrossing sub-
ject open for still further discussion, I will take
advantage of his consent to present as briefly
as possible some considerations upon the sub-
ject which I would be glad to bring to the
attention of the House. And as I do not de-
sire to trespass unduly upon the patience of the
House, I shall feel under obligations to the
Speaker if he will protect me from interrup-
tion, if there should be any disposition on the
part of gentlemen to reply during the prog-
ress of my remarks to anything I may say.
And as I do not desire to follow the example
of the attorney who persisted in arguing his
case after the jury had brought in a verdict, I
will take occasion to say that in my judgment
some aspects of this great question of recon-
struction have been virtually settled, so far at
least as to remove them from the arena of
profitable discussion at this time. By various
expressions of public sentiment, through the
press, through this body, in legislative assem-
blies all over the land, and especially through
the verdict rendered last fall at the polls, I
think I am quite justified in saying that the
people haVe themselves already decided several
points of this great controversy. One of the
points embraced in that decision I think is this:
that they are not willing to accept as a basis
of adjustment and restoration what has been
put forward as the policy of the President of
the United States. In other words, they are
not willing that the States lately in insurrection
s-liall their former portion of political
power as members of this Union, and to give
admission to their representatives in the two
Houses of Congress without some provision
for the future or without specific authority of
law. The President had put this forward as his
view of what was just and proper to be done in
this case, providing only that the representa-
tives they might send should be loyal men. I
concurred in that opinion; and I say frankly
that I am still of the opinion that if this had
been done at an early stage of the controversy,
promptly, cheerfully, generously^ by the party
which ruled the destinies of this country at
that time, it would have restored peace and
healed to a great extent all the troubles of the
body-politic. But because I believed and still
believe that to have been the best policy then,
I do not feel bound to maintain that it is the
best policy now. A physician may prescribe
a gargle for a sore throat; and if his prescrip-
tion is thrown out of the window the sore
throat may develop into an inflammation or
into a raging and consuming fever; but he
would be regarded as wanting in sound judg-
ment and in common sense if for the sake of
consistency he should feel bound to prescribe
nothing but gangles during the whole progress
of the disease. I shall therefore dismiss from
consideration as impracticable and out of the
question this mode of settling the controversy
which divides and distracts the nation. And
in the next place, although they have not pro-
nounced decisively upon any specific plan of
adjustment, I think the people have decided
more nearly than they have decided upon any-
thing else that the constitutional amendment
adopted by Congress at its last session and
submitted to the several States for ratification
affords, on the whole, the wisest and the most
satisfactory basis of adjustment of which this
question in its present attitude is susceptible.
And finally, I think the people have decided
that they would rather trust to Cc&gress to
devise some mode of settling this question,
some mode of restoring those States which
were lately in rebellion to the Union, than
trust to the executive department of the Gov-
ernment. They regard it as a matter for the
legislative power rather than for the President
alone.
But in saying this I do not mean to imply
that they have committed themselves in ad-
vance to anything and everything which Con-
gress may see fit to do. While they have
expressed a general preference for the consti-
tutional amendment, and a general confidence
in Congress rather than the Executive, I think
they have trusted not so much to any particu-
lar plan of adjustment as to the presumed wis-
dom and patriotism and justice and good sense
which the men whom they have deputed to
act here as their Representatives will bring to
the consideration and settlement of the ques-
tion. They will therefore require that what-
ever we may do here shall be characterized by
wisdom, by patriotism, and by that practical
good sense which should mark everything we
attempt for the public goodand if we are
to throw aside the amendment as a basis of
adjustment, as the very men who proposed
and pressed it seem disposed now to do, they
will require1 at our hands something much
wiser, more effectual, and more practical in
its place. The distinguished gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] has submitted a
bill by which he proposes to settle the question
now at issue before the country. That bill is
before us for consideration, and it contains
three leading cardinal principles. The first
is that the States—I speak of the bill as it
stands now after modification and amendment
—that the State governments now existing in
the South, in those States which had been pre-
viously in rebellion, are to be deprived of all
legal authority; their acts are to be pronounced
null and void; and it is proposed that in place
of the governments which exist in those States
to-day we shall, suspending the privilege 'of
the writ of -habeas corpus, extend martial law
over all that territory.
In the next place the bill .proposes that this
Congress shall authorize the election of dele-
gates to conventions in each of those States,
farst prescribing universal suffrage as the basis
on which they shall be elected; that those
conventions shall form constitutions, Congress
prescribing certain principles and provisions
which shall be incorporated into any consti-
tution which those conventions may frame;
these constitutions thus formed shall then be
submitted to the people of those States for
ratification, and if ratified, to be then brought
here and submitted to the approval of Con-
gress, which they must receive before the gov-
ernments thus formed are to have validity and
practical authority to enact laws for the govern-
ment of those States. And in the third place,
the bill provides that if the Legislatures of
those States, after their constitutions shall have
been thus formed, adopted, and approved,
shall at any time disregard, abrogate, or annul
any of the principles which the bill prescribes
for adoption in those constitutions, then the
State so acting shall forfeit its representation
in Congress.
There is pending here.a substitute offered by
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] to the
bill of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] which differs from it in only one
respect; I mean in matter of general principle.
That substitute declares that all the acts and
laws of the existing State governments shall
be null and void; but it provides for them no
substitute whatever during the interim which
must elapse before the provisions of the law
we propose to enact for the formation of new.
governments shall have been carried into effect.
Now, sir, I take it we have to inquire, while
we are examining the provisions of this bill,
first, whether we have the power to pass it, and
whether, if so, it is wise that we should pass it.
What are these governments now existing in
the southern States which we propose thus to
supersede ? They are governments having act-
ual force and effect within the territory subject
to their jurisdiction. They are de facta gov-
ernments. They originated, as all gentlemen
here know, by the act of the people of those
States, under the lead and guidance, and, if
you chose to say so, under the authority and
direction of the President of theJJnited States.
It is proposed to annul these governments,
partly because of their origin, because they did
thus originate in the acts of the Executive, and
partly because the governments thus estab-
lished do not protect the rights, liberties, and
property of their citizens as we think they
ought to do.
Now, sir, I shall not enter upon the question
whether the President had power to do what
he did in inducing the southern States to form
these governments, for the question has already
been fully discussed. I discussed it myself at
the last session and I do not wish to reopen it
now. I thought then, and still believe, that the
President did not transcend the authority with -
which he is clothed, in setting in motion the
machinery of government in those States and
in authorizing their people to enact laws for
their own protection. I have no doubt that if
Congress had been in. session when the contin-
gency arose it would have had equal authority
in the premises, and that it might have author-
ized the people of those States to take steps for
the reorganization of their governments. Bat
as it was not in session, and as the necessity
for government was pressing, the President
deemed it within his legitimate authority to
take such steps as the emergency required. He
did not prescribe arbitrarily, it must be remem-
bered, qualifications of suffrage in the formation
of new governments; he merely fell back upon
the laws in force on that subject, and recog-
nized by the State government and by the na-
tional Government alike, before the rebellion
began. And if it be urged that he prescribed
conditions—that he required them to ratify the
amendment abolishing slavery, to repudiate the
rebel debt, and to nullify their ordinances of
secession before he would recognize the gov-
ernments thus established—it is fair also to
remember that no one complains of these re-
quirements ; that the people themselves do not
complain, and that those here who do object
to his making those requirements concede that
in themselves they were perfectly just and right.
They object only to the President's authority
to make them. But if the requirements them-
selves were just, and if the people upon whom
they were made do not object, certainly we
may cure any defect on the score of origin by
declaring them valid, as the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] in the bill as
reported proposed to do. We may have the
power, strictly speaking we may possibly have
the right, to abolish and destroy them. But I
certainly do not deem it wise so to do solely
on account of their origin, solely on account
of an alleged lack of power on the part of the
President to authorize the people to form and
establish them. It is usual all over the world
to recognize de facto governments and respect
their authority without inquiring too closely
into the rigid legality of their origin. And we
should, in my judgment, adopt and act upon
this rule, unless there is something in their
character to forbid it. How is it here ? Is it
wise, would it under existing circumstances
be conducive to the public peace and the pub-
