3.480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
have the approval of the Committee of Ways
and Means in offering this amendment. I in-
tended to have offered it at the end of line
sixty-seven in connection with steam-engines.
These machines are worked by steam-engines,
and yet they are known by their technical
nam es. I hope the amendment will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to insert "thimble skeins and pipe-boxes
made of iron."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Tinware for domestic and culinary purposes.
Mr. DODGE. I move to add to that line
the words: "and for packing articles not
subject to tax." I will state that boxes made
of tin are used for packing articles that are on
the free list, and there has been a great deal
of difficulty heretofore growing out of this fact.
For instance, a tin box with yeast powder in it
is taxed while a tin box with allspice in it is
not taxed. The Committee of Ways and Means
agree to this amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. I trust this amendment
will not be adopted. Packing-boxes of wood
or other materials are already exempted in
lines ten a ;d eleven of page 13 of the bill.
Mr. DODGE. These are the little boxes
that hold only a pound of allspice or pepper.
Mr. GARFIELD. They are "packing-
boxes," and I hope the gentleman will not
cumber the bill by unnecessary verbiage.
Mr. Dodge's amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to insert "two-ply carpets, the product of
hand-looms."
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman
will leave out the words " two-ply carpets," so
as to leave it "the product of hand-looms."
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I am
afraid that would be going too far. I should
want to know just how far it would go. I do
not know that there would be any articles that
would be reached, but this amendment which
I have offered has been carefully considered by
the Committee of Ways and Means, and I hope
it will be adopted without amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. What I want to get at is
the exemption of the labor of the country
which is carried on by hand-looms.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. That is
not taxed now, unless the product exceeds
$1,000 in value.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am aware of that.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I should
be afraid to adopt that amendment. I think
we had better pass the amendment as it came
from the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. Maynard's amendment was disa-
greed to.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent
to offer an amendment, to correct an error in
line sixty-nine.
No objection was made.
Mr. DAWES. I move to insert after the
word "tags" the word "for;" so that it will
read "tags for merchandise and direction of
cloth, paper, or metal, whether blank or
printed."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WARD, of Kentucky. I move to in-
sert after line seventy-one the words "turn-
pike roads."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move to insert "boxes
made of taggers' iron." This is the thin fine
iron of which spice boxes are made, and I do
not think they come under the provision in
lines nine, ten, and eleven which exempts
"packing-boxes." You exempt small-boxes
made of tin, and I do not see why boxes made
of taggers' iron should not also be put on
the free list. I am sure that the provision to
which I have referred does not include the
class of boxes in which spices more especially
arc packed. I hope the committee will adopt
this amendment.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Ultra-marine blue; varnish; wagons, carts, and
drays .made to be used for farming, freighting, or
lumber purposes, and valued at less than $200.
Mr. BERGEN. I move to strike out the
words "and valued at less than $200."
I will state that the farmers around New
York use wagons for carting produce to mar-
ket, which at this day cost three or four hun-
dred dollars. I know this by experience. I
have no doubt that the intention of the com-
mittee was to exempt all farmers' wagons;
but if the value is fixed at $200 it does not
exempt all such wagons.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I now move to strike
out Jill after the word _" drays" to the end of
the paragraph, so that it will read: "wagons,
carts, and drays." I offer this amendment to
prevent the difficulty there will be between the
assessors and the manufacturers of these ar-
ticles. How can an assessor or a manufacturer
say whether a wagon or dray is being manu-
factured for farming purposes or not? And
why should he say it? He ought not to say
it. All these articles should be exempted,
because there will be no tax realized from
them.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
permit me to ask him a question?
Mr. EGGLESTON. Certainly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is a lumber wagon,
cart, or dray used for any purpose except for
farming or freighting?
Mr. EGGLESTON. I know of wagons that
are used for nothing but hauling stone from
quarries until they are worn out.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is freighting.
Mr. EGGLESTON. And for what are drays
used? Not for farming.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. They are used for
freighting.
The amendment of Mr. Eggleston was not
agreed to.
Mr. DEFREES. I move to insert the words
"and draught harness" after the word
"wagons."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. KELLEY. I move to amend by adding
the words '' fabrics when the product of hand-
looms." I offer this in the interest of many
branches of industry, in which there is no other
than hand labor used; and which are as much
branches of hand labor as the making of boots
and shoes. In Philadelphia we have quite a
number of manufacturers of a very humble
style of carpet; there are some one hundred
and twenty odd establishments in which there
is no power but hand power used. And this
branch of industry embraces many manufac-
turers in the rural districts.
Mr. DELANO. There is a large amount
of manufacturing by hand labor done in peni-
tentiaries. rr"~'~  J ' !~ 1 
think.
Mr. KELLEY. I will modify my amend-
ment so that it will read, "not produced in
penitentiaries or other penal establishments."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Are not these hand-
looms used very extensively in the manufac-
ture of laces and other articles of luxury ?
Mr. KELLEY. Those articles are not pro-
duced in this country ; it would be more fortu-
nate for us if we did produce those articles.
I will state that the Committee of Ways and
Means approve this amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendments being offered,
The Clerk read as follows :
Washing, mangling, and clothes-wringing ma-
chines, spinning-wheels, hand-reels, and hand-
looms.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend by inserting "dyeing, redyeing, or
reprinting of cloth and other articles, except
in the process of their manufacture."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by in-
serting the words " tailors' gooses." [Laugh-
ter. ]
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to amend by-
inserting after the words " clothes-wringing
machines" the words, "zinc washboards." If
a washboard is made entirely of wood, under
the law as it now stands, it is allowed to pass
untaxed as wooden manufactures. But if, as
is generally the case, a little piece of zinc is
attached to the washboard it is taxed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee rose informally, and the
Speaker resumed the chair.
message prom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate bacs
insisted on its amendments to the bill of the
House No. 896, making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of
the Government for the year ending Jane 30,
1868, and for other purposes, disagreed to- by
the House, and had agreed to the committee
of conference asked by the House'of Repre-
sentatives on the disagreeing votes of the two
houses thereon: and had appointed Mr. Fes-
senden, Mr. Williams, and Mr. Cowan the
conferees on the part of the Senate.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had insisted on its amendment to the bill of
the House No. 904, making appropriations for
the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,1868>
and for other purposes, disagreed to by the
House, and had agreed to the committee of
conference asked by the House of Representa-
tives upon the disagreeing votes of the two
houses thereon ; and had appointed Mr. Sum-
ner, Mr. Fogg, and Mr. Johnson the con-
ferees on the part of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
Senate had insisted upon its amendments to
the bill of the House No. 912, making appro-
priations for the support of the Military Acad-
emy for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1868,
disagreed to by the House, and had agreed to
the committee of conference asked by the
House of Representatives upon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon ; and had ap-
gointed Mr. Sherman, Mr. Harris, and Mr.
ioolittle the conferees on the part of tha
Senate.
tax bill again.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the tax bill in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I move
to amend the clause last read by adding the
words "wooden knobs."
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman must mean
"wooden nutmegs." [Laughter.]
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. No;
"wooden knobs."
Mr. SPALDING. The gentleman ought to
include "wooden nutmegs" also.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. Wooden
nutmegs, I will tell the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Spalding,] are an article which defy all
tax or tariff; and I have no doubt my suc-
cessor, the celebrated P. T. Barnum, will be
able next summer to sell cargoes of them to
the constituents of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SPALDING. That is the reason I wani
them put on the free list.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HILL. I move to amend by adding the
word "bee-hives.".
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DARLING. I move to insert after the
word "washing" the word "sewing."
Mr. ALLISON. I rise to a point of order.
My point is that this amendment has already
been voted down.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. DARLING. Now, sir, admitting that
a few of the "pioneers" in this art have after
years of labor, after years of unceasing and
almost unparalleled enterprise and persever-
ance, succeeded in aoquiring a competence;
they have richly earned it, and I say let them
enjoy it. But these parties have generally
retired from the business, and it is now in the
