110
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 11 and 18,
Ho. of Reps.
Equality of Suffrage—Mr. Nodi.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
extended to them as bribes to help contending
chieftains fight battles for dynasties and suc-
cessions. We always pay our allies in war
and politics, and whoever has the power to
help us may command his terms. But the
women could not fight battles, and therefore
they are as abject slaves as they were in the
darkest ages of history.
While this struggle of barbarians was going
on how were civilization and peace growing?
The wars of the middle ages sprung from the
fact that there were large armies of retainers
in every castle, whose daily labor was battle
and plunder, and whose recreation was feast
and wassail. Defenseless women were liable
to be ravished by any robber ruffian who cap-
tured one. To prevent this they were shut up
in strong castles, where they were guarded
from the spoiler. Afterward, it was sufficient
for any valiant chieftain to declare a woman
under his protection, and that he would avenge
any insult to her. This gave rise to orders of
chivalry and knighthood, and a woman might
demand protection from any knight, and he
was bound in honor to extend it to her. The
pride of the men being flattered by this tribute
to their power, the sentiment of chivalry be-
came enthusiastic. The women cultivated their
charms"assiduously to make themselves objects
of devotion. They decorated their persons
with costly ornaments and gave fresh encour-
agement to the hitherto persecuted peddlers.
Th 3 women had always been the chief pa-
trons of the peddlers. It makes a man aguish
to see a peddler come to his house. He always
tries to send him off before his wife gets a
glimpse of him. If the biographies of all these
strolling peddlers were written, I do not think
a single example could be found where one
had unpacked his bundle and showed his wares
and fabrics in the presence of a woman without
finding a purchaser. The courage displayed
by those strollers in those barbarous days ap-
pealed to woman's nobler feelings and excited
her sympathy. Women are never common-
place. Most women, when they read the lives
of old Jack Sheppard, Dare-Devil Dick, or
John A. Murrell, wish that their husbands were
just like theRe heroes. Every girl of sixteen,
poetically inclined, wishes she was a bandit's
bride. Desdemona married a negro because
of the dangers he had incurred. The Sabine
women so admired the pluck of their Roman
ravishers that they pleaded for and remained
with them. This heroic instinct caused the
ladies to take the peddlers under the wings of
their protection.
Costly fabrics and jewels from the farthest
ends of the world were eagerly sought for, and
every lord desired his lady to app.ear more
beautiful than any- other woman in the world,
and was ready to run his sword through any
man who doubted that she was the most beau-
tiful : a kind of demonstration entirely satis-
factory in those days and at this time. These
ornaments were costly, and could not be had
unless paid for at great expense. Household
■ expenditures increased fearfully. The barons
could not affor^to consume all theircrude prod-
uce in supporting retainers; so the retainers
were dismissed and the armies disbanded, and
peace necessarily ensued. Thus the women
of the middle ages instilled refinement and
love of virtue and true valor into the men,
built up society on a solid foundation, scat-
tered the standing armies that filled every cas-
tle. gave an impetus to commerce, and estab-
lished the arts of peace; for women, since the
days of Delilah, have been averse to men's
belligerent propensities.
Notwithstanding woman has been the lovely
instrument through which civilization has been
imparted to the world, she has received but
little benefit from that civilization. One of
the proudest titles of an Eastern prince is that
he is the husband of a thousand wives. A dis-
tinguished member of Congross, whom, alast
Congress extinguished, told me that he saw at
Constantinople the harem of the Sultan driving
out. They raised the little flap windows of
their carriages and peeped out on the sly, (for
all women are like Blue Beard's wives and
must see what is going on.) They were beau-
tiful women which his Serene Highness the
Sublime Porte had purchased to gratify his
sublime appetites. A big black eunuch, the
tallest that could be found in all Ethiopia,
passed along by the windows and put his hand
in and these women kissed it.
From what is our system of housing and
hampering women derived but the barbarous
customs of duennas and eunuchs? We cage
them up like precious wild beasts, not like
tigers and hyenas to keep them from devour-
ing us, but to whet their appetites that they
may have the better stomach to devour us. It
is said that women do not ask to vote. Is that
any reason why we should withhold from them
a right which is a prime necessity with her?
The Scripture teaches us to sit modestly down
toward the foot of the table and wait to be
invited up to a more honorable position. In
the last election in Missouri every one knew
that every man who was disfranchised desired
to be restored to his full powers as a citizen,
yet nowhere did rebels take any prominent
part. Some of their over-zealous and exces-
sively timid friends advised them to keep their
mouths carefully closed. I believe, sir, if the
rebels had taken an active part in the last elec-
tion we would have been more successful; but
wiser men than I thoughtdifferent. If a rebel
opened his mouth to complain of the flagrant
outrages perpetratedegainst him, all the milk-
and-water conservatives in the community
flocked around him and begged him for Grod's
sake be quiet and not to manifest any interest
whatever in politics. Many rebels gained a
disgraceful popularity by truckling to this
spirit and joining the Radicals in a crusade
against themselves and their fellow-sufferers,
and were accounted "honest men" for so
doing.
Did the negroes ask to be emancipated ? You
say they were praying for it secretly. I have
no doubt they were. But did a negro ever say
in the presence of a white man that he wanted
to be free? No. He always proclaimed
loudly that he had rather live with "Ole Massa.''
He was afraid of the " Bobolitionists," and
little negro children would run under the bed
and roll their white eyes around in fright when
you told them that the Abolitionists would catch
them. But while the negro professed such
contentment, while he laughed and danced
and sung ''A nigger will be nigger any way
you fix him," he felt that somethiug was wrong
with his race ; and he often met in conclave in
a distantcabin with a gang of his fellow-blacks,
eating his master1 s chickens and plotting means
to escape, and discussing the chance of his
emancipation. Take away the Freedman's
Bureau to-day and leave to a vote of the peo-
ple, white and black, and they would almost
unanimously vote to reestablish slavery. So-
cial power and physical power control senti-
ments and expressions. You had to drag the
negroes from their houses in the South like
hampered cattle. You drew them away from
the plantations just as our forefathers brought
them from Africa. We offered large bounties
and bought them. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Banks] said wisely that uni-
versal suffrage would not make the South
loyal, because the negroes would vote as the
whites wished. Women do not ask to vote,
because they know that they would be criejl
down as strong-minded. It is supposed that
none but long-haired men and strong-minded
women are in favor of this measure of justice.
Therefore women say they do not wish to vote.
They are afraid to kick against the goads.
They are taught from childhood that they
must be deceitful. The whole system of their
education leads them to suppression of truth.
A woman's no proverbially means yes. The
first deceit which a girl learns is the conceal-
ment of her age, preparing for future contin-
gencies. They know that men and owls like
spring chickens; and to cater to men's craving
for tender meat, girls never get older than
sixteen. If a well-bred girl is asked to marry
she invariably says, "No;" but her sweet-
heart knows by her drooping eyes and heaving
bosom that she means yes. If he has ever
seen Forrest, or read Marryatt, he will know
what to do; he will encircle her fragile waist
with his arm and exclaim tragically, "0,
dearest Stella, shiver my jib-boom if I sail
life's voyage without thee!" She then falls
into a limber swoon, and weeping upon his
manly breasts exclaims gushingly, "Noble
Fitzhugh Fitzpoodle, you must ask my ma!"
At this the loving ma, who has been standing
in an adjoining room waiting for her cue, comes
in all unsuspecting and smiles a greeting to the
terror-stricken young man.
The daughter (who has been carefully taught
by her doting mother to set her snares for
Fitzpoodle) now looks disconcerted and fades
away like a guilty thing and sobs violently in
the adjoining room. The mother looks gravs
daggers at the agitated Fitzhugh, demanding
by a silent and awful stare what this means.
The noble Fitz stammers incoherently that her
daughter has the crimpiest hair and the bustiesj
form of all the ladies in the land, and that he
wants to make her hi3 own absolutely. The
tragic mother raises her hands on high and ex-
claims, "Oh, Heavens!" She turns pale, her
eyes become fixed in vacancy, she swoons a
rigid swoon, and falls int.o Fitzpoodle's arms.
Stella hears the noise and rushes in with flam-
ing eyes and hair beautifully disheveled, and
shrieks, "Oh, my ma's dead!" Thegouty old
father comes hobbling down stairs. At the
first glance of his wife reclining in Fitzpoodle's
arms he feels a twinge of the "green-eyed mon-
ster." But another glance satisfies him that
this is only a rehearsal of a little farce which
was played on the eve of his own marriage.
The mother slowly revives, but becomes
slightly delirious and talks about the ingrati-
tude of children preferring strangers to their
mothers, and the brutishness of young men,
who cause such distress by marrying their
favorite daughters. This is only the farcical
part. There is a deep tragedy underlying most
marriages, and that is that prudent mothers
bargain off their daughters for so many shekels.
Women are an expensive and useless com-
modity which must be disposed of to the best
advantage. Like oysters, they cannot be kept
fresh. They must be sold in reasonable time
or pickled in vinegar. This bartering of intel-
ligent human beings to the highest bidder, with
all the odious consequences of being yoked ^
together by the law, is the cause of bickerings
and heart-burnings and unhappy homes. This
causes ennui, dissipation, extravagance, and
crime. Women are sold like cattle among
both savage and civilized nations. A knowing
writer describes the marriage of the noble sav-
age as follows :
" If he wants a wife he appears before the kennel
of the gentleman whom ho has selected forhis father-
in-law, attended by a party of male friends of a very
strong flavor, who screech and whistle and stamp an
offer of so many cows for the young lady's hand. The
chosen father-in-law, also supported by a high fla-
vored party of male friends, screeches, whistles, and
yells (being.seated on tho ground he can't stamp)
that there never was such a daughter in the market
as his daughter, and that he must have six more
cows. The son-in-law and his sclect circle of backers
screech, whistle, stamp, and yell in reply that they
will give three more cows. The father-in-law (an old
deluder, overpaid at the beginning) accepts four and
rises to bind the bargain. The whole party, the
young lad}' included, then fall into epileptic convul-
sions, and screeching, wtrstling, stamping, and yell-
!n? t°fe'her—nobody taking any notice of the young
lady, (whose charms are not to be thousht of without
a shudder)—the noble savage is considered married,
and hisfriendsmakedemoniacal leaps at him by way
of congratulation."
Women are repressed in every way. They
must follow certain fashions, or they become
the subjects of animadversion. Their high
