112
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 11 and 18}
Ho. op Reps.
Equality of Suffrage—Mr. NoeU.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
" round dances" much to shock their ideas of
propriety.
I have frequently attended balls and eat in
obscure corners and indulged in philosophy;
but philosophy is trite and is little needed.
What spectacle more humiliating than to see
young ladies sitting like '' the four and twenty
tailors, all in a row," decked in costly jewels
and rich laces, eager as so many roaring lions
seeking whom they may devour? Their dress-
ing makes them caricatures on humanity. Fash-
ion 1 What folly and misery does not that word
invoke. Paris leads the fashion in dress and
Eugenie leads the fashion in Paris. She is
passi, therefore shall all Christendom wear
large hoops; she has a bald spot on the crown
of her head, therefore shall all shave tonsures
on their heads. In the time of the elder Bona-
parte there was great lack of population owing
to the wars, and all the energies of society were
devoted to supplying the deficiency. It was
the fashion for women to appear matronly, so
they stuffed their waists to attain fashionable
proportions, and look as interesting as possible.
Now, the women have a propensity for being
squeezed in that locality—hence small waists.
What if our great grandmothers could walk
out from their pictures on the walls and appear
in fashionable circles, would not all the young
ladies snicker and say, "Grandmother, what
makes your waist so big; grandmother, what
makes your hair so prim; grandmother, what
makes your back so straight?" But would not
the old ladies be surprised in turn at the dress
of their great granddaughters? When they
saw the long trails, the tilting hoops, the em-
broidered petticoats, the laced waists, the cot-
ton busts, the red-topped boots, the saw-dust
legs, the rats and mice and braids and crimps,
the jet chains and frizzles; but above all, when
the old ladies saw the wonderful waterfalls of
our girls, they would go back into their pictures
and giggle forever.
I have briefly alluded to the position and
aspirations of women who are above want.
The brainless creatures who desire to elevate
themselves above the rank of mortals and
make themselves the laughing stock of devils.
It is this class of well-bred fools who do not
wish to take upon themselves the burden of
thinking. Their first business is to catch hus-
bands, or if they have succeeded, their lives
are devoted Jo playing the part of namby-
pambies. The mind demands some excite-
ment, and for want of something sensible to
entertain themselves, women fly to dissipation.
Some put in their time reading novels, others
gad around among Iheir neighbors, and the
majority, like Mrs. Toodles, go to auction.
These little endearing freaks are all well in a
handsome young lady, but when she gets old
and her teeth are rotten, and her skin tanned
with dropsical affections, her breath fetid,
and her body unsymmetrical, such nonsense
becomes intolerable. The subordinate posi-
tion occupied by old women is not a matter of
surprise to me when I consider how they are
reared.
We laugh at women concealing their ages.
How heroically they struggle to retain the only
sou re! of power left to them! A woman looks
into the glass as she is wont to do to smile at
her own loveliness and lo! she sees the faint
lines of a crow's-foot about her eyes. She
turns pale. A sickish feeling comes over her.
She throws herself on her bed and weeps. She
has played the fairy all her life, ana has in-
dulged in the wildest caprices of her bountiful
power. Men have been her willing slaves;
but her magic wand is broken! Let not the
world know that she has crow's-feet around
her eyes or her power is gone forever. Hence-
forth when she smiles it is only a grin of the
lips ; a horrible corpse laugh, which maintains
the eyes in deadly placidity! Gray hairs on a
man's head are only the spring flowers of a
green old age, but on a woman's head they are
the waifs of a desert island, toward which she
is irresistibly drifting; an island bleak and
barren and lonely. The rounded form, the
blooming cheek, the pearly teeth, the laughing
eye, where are they?
" Gone glimm'ring through the dream of things that
werel"
Not for her the social converse, not for her the
power of intellect, not for her the pleasures
of literature, not for her the teachings of phi-
losophy; she is a dethroned queen, who must
forever weep in the darkness of a mental dun-
geon for the kingdom she has lost. Her royal
scepter has been shivered and its fragment
thrown into the great reservoir of chaos, where
all things destructible go. When the beauty
of one of these dolls has faded, she leads for-
evermore an isolated and joyless life.
"Old, old, chilly and eold,
With the icy frosts and gathering mold
On the hoary head and the weary heart.
So lonely and sad would fain depart.
Old, old, chilly and cold,
'Tis a weary, dreary thing to be old.
" Old, old, wrinkled and gray.
Tottering along on the time-worn way,
Marked by the graves of the loved that are fled.
Strewn with the hopes that are withered and
dead.
£Id, old, wrinkled and gray,
onely and desolate, passing away I"
Our Puritan ancestors did practical charity
to their grandmothers when they hang them
as witches.
What shall we say of the condition of the
lower million? While the upper ten need the
ballot to teach them that they are mortal and
are to be the helpmeets of men in politics as
well as household affairs, the lower million
need it to give them an equal chance with their
fellow-mortals in their life struggle, their labor
for bread. All over the North we sing the
plaintive strains of suffering negrodom, but
the Song of the Shirt is not fashionable. It
is not set to music, and no tune will fit it. The
song is jerky and knock-kneed, and telle of
quaint bony starvation.
"With fingers weary and worn.
With eyelids heavy and red,
A woman set in unwomanly rags.
Plying her needle and thread—
Stiteh! stitch 1 stitch 1
In poverty, hunger, and dirt,
And still with a voice of dolorous pitch
She sang the ' Song of the Shirt I'
'"Work! work I work!
While the cock is crowing aloof i
And work I work! work 1
Till the stars shine through the roof!
It's Oh! to be a slave
Along with the barbarous Turk,
Where a woman has never a soul to save.
If thisjte Christian work!
"'Work! workl work!
Till the brain begins to swim;
Work! workl work!
Till the eyes are heavy and dim I
Seam, and gusset, and band.
Band, and gusset, and seam.
Till over the buttons I fall asleep,
And sew them on in a dream 1
" 'O men, with sisters dear!
0 men, with mothers and wives I
It is not linen you're wearing out.
But human creatures' lives 1
Stitch 1 stitch! stitch!
In poverty, hunger, and dirt.
Sewing at once, with a double thread,
A shroud as well as a shirt.
"' But why do I talk of death ?
That phantom of grisly bone,
I hardly fear his terrible shape.
It seems so like my own—
It seems so like my own,
Because of the fasts I keep;
0 God 1 that bread should b« so dear,
And flesh and blood so cheap!
"'Work! work! workl
My labor never flags;
And what are its wages? A bed of straw,
A crust of bread—and rags—
That shattered roof—this naked floor—
A table—a broken chair—
And a wall so blank, my shadow I thank
For sometimes falling there 1
"'Work! workl work I
From weary chime to chime,
Workl workl work!
As prisoners work for crime!
Band and gusset and seam.
Seam and gusset and band.
Till the heart is sick and the brain benumbed.
As well as the weary hand.
"'Workl work! work!
In the dull December light,
And work I work 1 work 1
When the weather is warm and bright;
While underneath the eaves
The brooding swallows cling,
As if to show me their sunny backs
And twit me with the spring.
"' Oh! but to breathe the breath
Of the cowslip and primrose sweet—
With the sky above my head
And the grass beneath my feet.
For only one short hour
To feel as I used to feel,
• Before I knew the woes of want
And the walk that costs a meal i
" 1 Oh 1 but for one short hour 1
A respite however brief 1
No blessed leisure for love or hope.
But only time for grief 1
A little weeping would ease my heart.
But in their briny bed
My tears must stop, for every drop
Hinders needle and thread.'
" With fingers weary and worn,
With eyelids heavy and red,
A woman sat in unwomanly rags.
Plying her needle and thread-
In poverty, hunger, and dirt.
And still with a voice of dolorous piteh—
Would that its tone couldreach the rich.
She sung the 'Song of the Shirt.'"
As population increases some get rich, but
the pauper class increases tenfold. In Lon-
don live the merchant princes of the world,
in costly palaces, but in the dark alleys and
squalid hovels, the garrets and cellars of that
great human ant-hill, dwell a class of wretches
who are walking illustrations of poverty, mis-
ery, and vice. They belong to the pauper, which
is such a great hobgoblin in the eyes of the gen-
tlemanfrom Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kellet.] We,
too, have a pauper class growing up in the Uni-
ted States, which has been fearfully increased
of late years by the calamities of war and the
fluctuation of money values. Our pauper class
must for two hundred y.ears consist exclusively
of women and invalids. The extent and cheap-
ness of land is such that every able-bodied man
can get good wages. The invalid can be sup-
ported by public charities. But who shall pro-
vide for poor women?
"Old King Cole was a merry old soul,
A merry old soul was he.
He had a little girl and he kicked her out of doors
Because she was a she!"
What shall be done with the women ? The
world has been asking that question more than
three thousand years. The answer might read-
ily suggest itself. Let the women have an equal
chance to take care of themselves. If they fail,
then let us devise a means. Women have been
bartered as merchandise, housed up in harems,
made to perform such drudgery as men would
not do, until men have an abiding faith in their
own superiority in all lucrative employments. '
God made woman free and gave her the gift of
understanding, and gave her hands to work.
Let us not out of an excess of love tie her
hands and let her starve.
An Irish farrier once sent a bill to Lord
Donahue : " For doctoring your honor's mare
to death, £3 5s." Are we not guarding the
women to death? Ordinarily a woman has
but one means of livelihood—that is her needle.
Oh, the pains of stifled breasts and aching eyes
and dizzy heads that daily ascend, a voiceless
prayer of millions of sewing-women, to the
throne of Him who created woman for some
purpose. Think not that the dumb prayer of
myriad aches is unheeded. A tree grows up
in strength^and beauty; a poisonous worm is
gnawing at its roots; slowly will the tree wither,
its leaves fall off, its fruit turn bitter, until at last
it is dead as if blasted by the shivering stroke
of a thunderbolt. We cannot violate the laws
of nature with impunity. If women are raised
higher or dragged lower than nature intended,
evil must befall. Among the Hindoos, woman
is regarded as only a thing to be used for ani-
mal gratification. When her husband dies,
these people are too fastidious in taste to want
his leavings; therefore his widow is only an
incumbrance to society, and she is taught and
compelled by her religion and her Government
