1482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
sco that it is supported by gentlemen in whose
opinions I have great confidence, but I confess
I do not understand why it should be adopted.
As at present advised it seems to me a very
unwise proposition. The tax assessed upon
these insurance companies now proposed to be
remitted is one and a half per cent, on their
gross receipts. Now, it is said that during the
last year or two they have not been earning any
money or have been losing largely, and that
those insured by them have felt themselves
insecure; and yet we are informed that their
rates of insurance have increased since the tax
was assessed to an extent perhaps of one or two
per cent. Now, how are we going to make
these companies lose less or give greater secur-
ity by taking off this tax ? I do not compre-
hend it. I suppose there has been a year of
disaster, and that is likely to occur again.
These companies take their risks with others.
Some periods of time I believe in the history
of insurance companies show a very great profit.
Their stock is sometimes high and the most
profitable of any m the land, and then they
nave their years of disaster and loss. But on
the whole I think insurance stock is among the
best in the country.
But, sir, what security do the insured get by
your taking off this tax ? It looks to me like
exempting a great extensive monopoly from
taxatton when the people have to endure it. I
cannot see it in any other light. And yet I
see those in whose opinions I sincerely feel a
great deal of confidence moving and supporting
this proposition. I hope, however, it will not
be adopted. -
Mr. DAWESv I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. De-
lano.] This tax for more than two years has
come out of the capital of the insurance com-
panies, and just so much as you take out of this
capital you must necessarily impair their solv-
ency. And it has been the fact, not only for the
last year, but for several years past, that such
has been the competition in the business, and
such have been the disasters, that instead of this
being a monopoly, as the gentleman from Ohio
suggests, many companies have failed, one
after another, and only a few have survived and
maintained their solvency. It is only because
they have no profits out of which to pay this
tax that they ask us to remit it for one year, so
that they may bo able to recover from their
great losses.
The increased rate of insurance has been
rendered necessary by the disasters to their
business and by the competition in it. While
it is open to everybody to enter into the busi-
ness from the nature of th,e case there can be
no monopoly. There must be an aggregation
of capital for the business; and while it is true,
as the gentleman says, that some years they do
a very profitable business and their stock goes
up, yet if you take it for a series of years, say
for the last twenty or thirty, it will be found
that more money has been sunk in the aggre-
gate than has been made out of the business.
It is an uncertain and fluctuating investment—
the most so, perhaps, of all; and this does not
seem to me an unreasonable request that is
made on behalf of these companies, when
everybody who has watched their business
knows that it has been depressed by disaster
as well as by competition. They simply ask
that for one year this tax shall not be taken
out of their capital, which is wanted for the
security of my friend from Ohio and everybody
who gets insured.
Mr. DELANO. If I understand it, this
proposition is put upon the alleged fact that
the last year or two have been years of disas-
ter. Now, sir, that would be a very vicious
system of legislation. Take the agricultural
interest of the West or the cotton interest of
the South. Last year the wheat crop was
almost a total failure, and the cotton crop in the
South has also been a comparative failure. We
cannot adjust our legislation upon a sliding
scale to meet these contingencies, and I assert
again what I believe to be true, that for a series
of years this stock is as valuable as any other;
and to give these companies relief because for
a particular period of time they may have not
realized a profit is certainly a wrong principle.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman forgets the
peculiarity of this tax. It is upon their gross
receipts in addition to the ordinary tax which
everybody pays. Now, the principle which
influenced gentlemen in voting to take off the
cotton tax was because of the disaster and
hardships of the case.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the committee rise for the purpose of clos-
ing debate.
Several Members. Oh, no; we will take the
vote now.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. If the
vote can be taken now I withdraw the motion.
The question was taken on the amendment
of Mr. Deming, and it was disagreed to—ayes
twenty four, noes not counted.
Mr. ANCONA. I move to amend by add-
ing at the end of the last paragraph " Windsor
common wooden-seat chairs."
Mr.- HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I insist
on my motion that the committee rise, unless
debate is closed on the preceding paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate was understood
to be closed by unanimous consent when the
motion that the committee rise was withdrawn,
so the question must be taken on the amend-
ment without debate.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That the act
entitled "An act to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government, to pay interest on the public
debt, and for other purposes," approved June 30,
1864, be amended as follows, namely.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to strike out the word "be" and insert the
words "and as subsequently amended be fur-
ther amended."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Income.—That section one hundred and sixteen be
amended by striking out all after the enacting clause,
and inserting in lieu thereof as follows: " that thore
shall bolevicd, collected, and paid annually upon the
gains, profits, and income of every person residing
in the United States, or of any citizen of the United
States residing abroad, whether derived from any
kind of property, rents, interest, dividends, or sala-
ries, or from any profession, trade employment, or
vocation, carried on in the United States or else-
where, or from any other source whatever, a tax of
fivo per cent, on the amount so derived over $1,000;
and a like tax shall bo levied, collected, and paid
annually upon the gains, profits, and incomo of every
business, trade, or profession carried on in the Uni-
ted States by persons residing without the United
States, and not citizens thereof. And the tax herein
provided for shall be assessed, collected, and paid
upon tlio gains, profits, and income for the year
ending the Blsfc day of Dccomber next preceding the
time for levying, collecting, and paying said tax.
Mr. BAKER. I move to amend by insert-
ing in line seventeen, after the word "dol-
lars," "and not exceeding $6,000, and a tax
of ten per cent, on the excess over $6,000."
I will say a word in support of the amend-
ment. As the law now stands a tax of five
per cent, is levied on the excess of income
over $600 and not exceeding $5,000, and a
tax of ten per cent, on the excess over $5,000.
Mr. ROSS. AVould not the gentleman as
soon say "on the excess over $10,000?"
Mr. BAKER. I prefer it as I have offered
it. Now, the change in the law proposed by
the Committee of Ways and Means would be
a uniform tax of five per cent, on all sums
above $1,000, thus relieving persons of small
income from taxation to the extent of $1,000
instead of $600, and making the rate uniform
at five per cent, above $1,000. The amend-
ment which I propose retains the tax of ten
per cent., but advances the sum at which it
commences from $5,000 to $6,000. It appears
to me that taxation should be imposed with
some reference to ability to pay. That princi-
ple is recognized in the imposition of tariffs
upon articles of luxury ; it is also recognized
in the manner in which we discriminate in
placing articles on the free list, and I do not
see why it should not be retained in the levying
of an income tax. If the principle is sound in
its application to the imposition of tariff duties,
and the placing of articles on the free list, it
appears to me it is sound in its application to
internal revenue, and therefore I think by all
means the amendment or something like it
ought to be adopted.
Sir. ALLISON. I suggest to the gentleman
to strike out "$6,000" and insert "$3,000."
Mr. BAKER. I prefer it as it is now.
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish to say a word on
this subject. I do not desire to contest the
matter at all beyond a mere statement of the
grounds on which the Committee of Ways and
Means reported this amendment. -
I believe, in the first place, that it will be
found to be not sound legislation; that ulti-
mately it will be declared unconstitutional to
levy a tax at a different rate upon the incomes of
different men. Because some men are poor
and others are rich I do not believe that the
poor man has the right to say to the other,
"You shall pay more tax per dollar upon all
your income than I will pay." I do not
believe such a law will be considered constitu-
tional.
Now, if you have a right to say that there
shall be two rates of taxation upon incomes,
you can say that there shall be ten rates.
Suppose a schedule like this should be put
into the law: every man whose income does
not exceed $5,000 per annum shall pay a tax
thereon of five per cent.; every man whose
income shall be more than $5,000 and not*
more than $10,000 shall pay ten per cent.;
every man whose income shall be more than
$10,000 and not more than $15,000 shall pay
a tax of fifteen per cent.; and so on. Then,
when his income shall be over $90,000 and
not over $100,000, he will pay a tax of one
hundred per cent., or the whole of his income.
Go on still further: when his income gets to
be $150,000 he will pay one hundred and fifty
per cent., or all his income and half as much
more, for the mere pleasure of haviug made a
large income.
Now, if we start out upon this principle of
discriminating taxes upon income there is no
limit, except the will of the Legislature. We
have just as much right to demand that the
rich men of this country shall give all their
income, and a bonus besides, as to demand
that they shall pay twice as much per dollar
as others pay.
Mr. SPALDING. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] permit me to ask him a
question'?
Mr. GARFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. SPALDING. I will ask the gentleman
if, in his opinion as a constitutional lawyer, we
cannot exempt $5,000 of all incomes and put
all the tax upon that portion of incomes above
$5,000?
Mr. GARFIELD. We can exempt, and do
exempt, only upon the principle of not taxing
that which embraces the necessaries of life.
So far as the Constitution speaks of taxation
at all it says that it shall be equal.
Mr. SPALDING. In the gentleman's judg-
ment, does not that infringe upon the Consti-
tution a little ?
Mr. GARFIELD. Not if it is applied to
the necessaries of life. Now, I do not wish to
prolong the discussion upon this matter ; but
simply to state the grounds upon which the
Committee of Ways and Means have based
their action. As a matter of justice and of
principle we felt bound to put this provision
in here, and make it at least a protest against
the unjust mode of taxation which has hitherto
been adopted. I will leave the Committee of
the Whole to act on it as they please.
The committee rose informally, and the
Speaker resumed the chair.
message from tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
disagreed to the amendments of the House to
the bill of the Senate No. 204, to provide an
annual inspection into Indian affairs, and for
other purposes.
