718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the embodiment and expression of the national
sentiment, the national will, and this principle
is recognized by our Constitution in the pro-
visions made for its own amendment. That
written constitution in any country is the best
which gives fullest and freest scope to the
normal and regular development of the national
will and character. " The general opinion of
the governed," says Burke, "is the vehicle
and organ of legislative omnipotence." In
any country where there is life and activity,
in this country distinguished above all others
for the energy, variety, and incessant activity
of its development, there must and will be
constant changes in the temper, the necessities,
the aspirations of the national mind ; and those
changes must enter into the structure of the
Government, if that Government is to be the
organ and instrument of the real sovereignty
of the nation.
Any constitution that does not yield readily
and easily to the development of the national
life lacks an essential element of stability. It
must aid, not retard national growth. It must
not be unyielding; inflexible—rigidly imposing
the restrictions ot one era upon the movements,
influences, and aspirations of another—or it
will be overridden and broken by the growth
which it seeks to confine. It is idle, and is
every day becoming more and more idle, to
rely implicitly upon the early fathers and
founders of this nation as decisive authorities
on the provisions to be embodied in our funda-
mental law. Not that we are wiser in the gen-
eral principles of government and law than
they were, but because we know by actual ex-
perience what they could not foresee, namely,
tie temper, the movements, experiences, per-
ils and necessities of the times in which we live
and for which we have to act. If wc had lived
in their day we might not have performed their
duties and met their responsibilities as well as
they did. If they were living now they might
be wiser, more patriotic, less under the sway
of passion and prejudice, and better able to do
our work than we are. But all this is wide of
the mark. They lived and labored in their day,
and we live and must labor in ours.
The years that intervene between 1789 and
1867 measure very inadequately the distance
between the political and social necessities of
that day and this. And while I have been and
still am opposed to rash, hasty, and immature
attempts to amend the Constitution, while we
should be on our guard against a temptation
which win always beset us, namely, to ingraft
the prejudices, impulses, and even the resent-
ments of the hour upon the fundamental law,
it is impossible to doubt that such changes as
must always be wrought in the necessities, the
convictions, the tone, and the will of the nation
by great convulsions, and such as have, beyond
all question, been wrought by our recent civil
war, must make their mark upon the Constitu-
tion, and work corresponding changes in the
scope and distribution of the political power
which it confers. And history shows that if
this is not done by amending the Constitution
in accordance with its own provisions, it will
be done by an irregular action of the national
will, by action not contemplated by the rule
prescribed for the conduct of the Government,
and therefore revolutionary in its nature, but
not the less certain to occur or less effective in
its results on that account.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. Will the gen-
tleman frotn New York allow me to ask him
a question ?
Mr. RAYMOND. I prefer not to yield now
for any question. If I stop for that purpose
my whole time may be consumed. When I
shall have finished, I will, if it be the pleasure
of the House, submit most cheerfully to any
cross-examination to which any member may
desire to subject me.
Now, sir, the provisions for amendment in
our Constitution are very rigid ; and it has
been made a question by many writers on con-
stitutional law whether they are not too rigid,
for a nation so constant and so rapid in its
growth as ours, and whether on that account
January 24,
the Constitution is not the more liable to be
overridden and its authority transcended with
the assent of the nation itself.
Why, sir, bear in mind that of the thirty-six
States constituting this Union ten States may
defeat any amendment that may be proposed.
Now, you can find ten States that together have
less than two million people, and in every one
of those ten States an amendment proposed by
Congress may be voted down by a popular ma-'
jority of less than a thousand, while in the other
twenty-six States the vote may be unanimous
in favor of the same amendment. It is not
likely that this will .occur, but it is among the
possibilities of the case; so that less than two
million people—nay, less than ten thousand peo-
ple—in ten States may defeat an amendment
demanded by the thirty millions of the remain-
ing States. If we hold with many that the loyal
States alone may amend the Constitution, we
can find seven States out of the twenty-six,
with less than a million of population, who can
absolutely defeat any amendment that may be
proposed and advocated by the other twenty-
five millions.
Considering these possibilities ; considering
the extreme difficulty at all times of obtaining
the assent of three fourths of all the States to
amendments concerning which public senti-
ment is greatly divided, I think there is force
in the objection that the provisions of our
Constitution for its own amendment are some-
what too rigid. The real Constitution, the
governing sentiment of the country, has not
full and fair play.
But without dwelling longer upon these ab-
stract points, I proceed to say that the war has
developed certain principles and sentiments in
the national mind which ought to find a place
in the structure and Constitution of the Gov-
ernment. I believe the nation demands that
they shall in some way be made the basis upon
which the Union is to be fully restored and
the practical operations of the Government
resumed. The settled sentiment of the nation,
in my judgment, demands guarantees against
future attempts at secession, guarantees against
an inequality of rights and franchises based
upon arbitrary distinctions of race or color,
guarantees for the inviolability of the national
debt and the sanctity of the public credit. I
have no doubt at all that the will and purpose
of this nation to-day is, and has been ever since
the war closed, that there shall be in the Con-
stitution some provision more effective than
any yet existing for an equality of rights of all
men in this country, and for their protection in
the enjoyment of them ; for an absolute and
immediate equality of civil rights, and for an
equality of political rights just as soon as the
other and more pressing necessities of the
nation will permit.
I think there should be embodied in the
Constitution a provision for the absolute
equality in civil rights of all the inhabitants
of the land ; andu believe that there will be
soon, if there is not now, from the people,
not of one section, not of one class of Stales,
but of all sections and of all States, an
equally strong and equally resistless demand
for a corresponding equality of political rights.#
I think in the next place that the nation as
a nation demands anabsoluteguarantee against
future attempts at secession. The people in-
tend that this effort at secession and revolution
shall not bo repeated. They do not intend to
go through again what they have already gone
through; nor do theyintend that the suffering
and the sacrificesthey have already experienced
shall be without their due effect upon the fun-
damental law of the nation.
It is not a passing caprice, but the settled
judgment of the nation, that these guarantees
are essential to the development of the national
power and the protection of the public liber-
ties. It is a condition which is much more
likely to grow stronger than to grow weaker,
for it is founded in justice and consults the
public good. If these guarantees were once
imbedded ia the written Constitution, as the
principles and sentiments which demand them
are already imbedded in the unwritten bat real
Constitution of the nation, and the Government
were then restored to full, regular activity in
all its functions, we should have the highest
promise of rapid and peaceful national growth
and prosperity for at least another generation,
which, as Jefferson held, was quite as long
as any Constitution ought to last without re-
vision.
Now, sir, let us see what provision we have
attempted to make for meeting this strong and
just demand of the national will. We have
first the constitutional amendment adopted by
Congress at its last session and submitted to
the States for their ratification. And now we
have this bill intended to supply what that
amendment lacked.
Now, the constitutional amendment meets
the demand of which I have spoken partially,
but only to a certain extent. It does provide
for an equality of civil rights. It holds out an
inducement to the people of the southern States
for the extension of political rights and the
elective franchise to the colored race, by in-
creasing their representative power in the na-
tional councils in proportion as they shall thus
extend the suffrage. Whether this goes far
enough or not is a disputed question. Congress
at the last session thought it was as far as we
could wisely and safely go at present, and I
think the people concur in that opinion. And
the amendment guaranties the sacredness of
the public debt, and clothes Congress with such
an enlargement of power as these new provis-
ions may require*
All these provisions are just and wise, and
thoroughly in harmony with the sentiment of
the nation. But these are all which the amend-
ment contains which are in the nature of a guar-
antee at all. There is a partial and temporary
diminution of political power imposed upon
the South, which is just and right, but wholly
ineffective as a guarantee; and disabilities are
imposed upon classes of the southern people
somewhat more sweeping than the public safety
requires, and calculated to do more harm by-
exasperating the South than it does good by
securing the peace and security of the nation.
The amendment should be maintained, though
I believe slight changes might be made in the
section to which I have thus referred, which,
without in the least degree impairing its value
to the nation, would insure its ultimate accept-
ance by the southern States and thus render
it of practical value in the restoration of the
Union.
But on the subject of future attempts at
secession the proposed amendment contains
nothing which can, except by the remotest
inference, be construed into a guarantee. The
learned and ingenious member from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] contends, I am aware, that such a
guarantee is wrapped up in the first section
of the amendment, that which relates to an
equality of civil rights. But I confess my ina-
bility to perceive it very clearly, and I am quite
sure the public sentiment would be better satis-
fied with one more distinct aud explicit in its
terms. There is a difference of opinion as to
whether the States did, under the Constitution
as it now stands, by their attempted secession,
actually forfeit their representaion in-Congress
and their right to a share in the political power
of the nation.
But there is no difference whatever in the
opinion that, however this may have been in
the past, it shall not be left open to doubt in
the future. I believe every State of the Union—
those which were loyal and those which were
not—will now agree upon an amendment to
the Constitution providing that whenever here-
after any State shall attempt to secede, or shall
enter into any compact or agreement with any
other State to secede from the Union, and shall
sustain such attempt or agreement by force of
arms, that State shall thereby and thenceforth
forfeit all right to participate in the national
Government by being represented in Congress
or in the Electoral College until readmitted
thereto by law. Such a provision, imbedded
in the fundamental law, ingrafted upon the
