1867.]
39th Cong....2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
113
Equality of Suffrage—Mr. Noell.
Ho. op Reps.
* to bum herself to death with the body of her
deceased husband. The cruelly of this custom
chocks us. Let one of my radical friends who
is voting against women's franchise go out on
Pennsylvania avenue, and before he walks five
squares he will see a Babylonian woman
dressed in scarlet and fine linen, and burnt
with (ire more scorching than the blazing fag-
ots of a Hindoo widow's pyre; a fire which
corrodes the body and sears the soul; a fire
which raged in Sodom and Gomorrah long
before the skies rained brimstone, and before
Lot's wife had crystallized into a salty monu-
ment of woman's curiosity. She will give you
the wink; but do not follow her. She is the
Apocalyptic woman whose "footsteps lead
down to hell.''
These scarlet women are the holocausts of
society. They are mostly uneducated. They
have all been pretty girls, and have been inno-
cent babes. Take one of the most depraved
of these wretches and trace back her life, and
you will probably find that it was not want of
virtue but want of bread which dragged her
down the fatal abyss of crime. She has been
tenderly reared by a fond mother, who has
often, as she lay at her breast, gazed into the
blue depths of her beautiful eyes, has parted her
downy hair caressingly, and kissed her with all
the pride and rapture of a mother's love, little
dreaming that the child's beautiful lips would
ever be polluted with oaths and obscenity. The
child has grown up and is left in the world with
no capital but her beauty. Brainless and bread-
less she must henceforth do battle for herself.
Bread alone does not satisfy; she must dress,
for her business is to catch a man. Before she
is aware of it she is in debt. Then the struggle
and humiliation commences. There is no
honest labor for her to do, but hard drudgery,
poorly paid. The seducer comes to her with
an offer of bread and clothes and undying love.
In a fatal moment of weakness her virtue is
conquered, and she submits to his embrace.
She is henceforth to be banished from society,
and rush down to lower sinks of infamy, until
the last step, where all good Christians consign
her, to hell!
Her seducer grows tired of her. She hangs
about him like a faithful dog; but nevermore,
oh, never more, shall a smile of affection greet
her in this world. And what can she hope
in the next? She swigs down the fiery Hol-
lands, blurts out oaths, obscenities, and blas-
phemies because she is given over to perdition
and the fiend is gnawing at her heart. Her
seducer moves in good society, attends church,
and marries and is an exemplary man in every
way. Does it not strike you that there is some-
thing wrong somewhere? If women were
allowed to clerk in stores and perform any
labor which they have the capacity to perform,
there would be more independence among
them, and they would be less subject to the
temptations of evil. Virtue is instinctive with
woman. When she falls, the blame, in nine
cases out of ten, does not rest with herself,
The question of the education and employment
of women is one of the gravest in the world.
On this question we are in the same condition
which the barbarous ages left us.
I have shown you that the Radical party was
a " whited sepulcher.'' That it had no republic-
anism in it; that it sought to enfranchise the
negro for commercial and financial schemes.
This will not satisfy the people. Woman suf-
frage is a grand principle pervading society in
all its ramifications; and increasing in import-
ance till the millennial day when " seven women
shall lay hold of one man," but the interest
in the negro will soon flag. I fear the conflict
which he will have to suffer at the polls. The
instincts of race are so strong that Germans
and Irish can scarcely vote together without
%hting, because one is sanguine and the other
phlegmatic. The instincts of the Caucasian
and African are more widely different. Why
have not Chinese or Indiana ever taken part
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 8.
in politics on the western frontiers ? I fear we
cannot make a white man of a negro by act of
Congress. What says the poet?
"You may break, you may shatter the vase, if you will.
But the scent of the roses will hang round it still."
When you mount the Pegasus of Republic-
anism, let him soar as high as the American
eagle. If you mount this gallant steed to trot
quarter-races around the Gulf States, you will
be the laughing stock of the world !
What harm will it do to allow women to
vote ? Those who do not choose to vote may
remain at home. I have been told that this
would corrupt society and make women rude.
Is there anything corrupting in a, man's going
to the polls with his wife and his daughters, and
all of them putting their ballots into a box ?
The very fact that women were to be at the
polls would close every drinking saloon and
keep every community orderly on that day.
Women attend Fourth of July orations and
public speaking in every decent community,
and if there is any person who forgets the pro-
prieties that are due to their presence, there
are twenty stalwart arms to put him out or take
him to jail.
Can Charles Sumner consistenly ask for the
enfranchisement of the negroes when a major-
ity of the adult citizens of Massachusetts of
sound mind and good character are disfran-
chised? The election of two negroes to the
Legislature of Massachusetts does not wipe out
the stain from her escutcheon. And who are
the disfranchized? The gamblers? No. The
drinkers of whisky ? No. The smokers and
cliewers of tobacco? No. The criminals and
convicts? No. The politicians and other
vagrant non-producers? No. It is the frugal,
industrious, and virtuous class which is dis-
franchised. It is the busy housewife who gets
up in the morning and cooks her lazy hus-
band's breakfast, while he is in bed snoring
like a brute ; who remains faithfully at home
all day like a guardian angel watching over his
household ; and who darns his socks at night
while he is rollicking at the club-house spend-
ing his money and her money.
The very name of woman has been in all ages
the synonym of virtue. The Lybian women
were allowed to participate in the sham battles
and wrestling matches at the festivals of Mi-
nerva. It was the religious belief that any
woman who had ever been unchaste would be
wounded in the battles and the penalty was
death. Yet nearly all the women participated
and came out unscathed. Suppose such a
qualification should be prescribed for members
of Congress, do you think you would ever call
the previous question again on the other side
of the House ? You would do well if you could
get the ayes and noes. We are asked to dis-
franchise the white rebel because he is an aris-
tocrat, and to enfranchise the negro to break
down this aristocracy. But the aristocratic
manufacturer of Massachusetts, who sports a
gold-headed cane and wears a broadcloth coat
with a tail much resembling a cod-fish shall
vote, while the poor factory girl who wears her
life away with dreary, unpromoted toil, has no
voice in the Government.
The husband and wife are oue in law, and
he is that one, her lord and master. He may
give her a thrashing every morning, and if
arrested and tried for beating her, he pleads
molliter manus imposuit, and comes clear, for
she is his slave in law. She may be intelligent
and thrifty, striving hard to earn a livelihood
for her children, whom, under no circum-
stances, can a mother abandon. But her
drunken sot of a husband can drive her about
from pillar to post and pxeyent any one from
even giving her shelter. How often do we
see advertisements in the newspapers, "I
warn all persons not to harbor my wife I" If
she works hard to accumulate property or
earn ft support for herself and her children
he must take the proceeds, for Jie.W entitled
to her wages, and money paid to her without
his authority is no payment in law. She can-
not dispose of her separate property, make a
will, nor even a dying donation without his
written consent. These barbarous statute
laws are being modified in some States, but
are not the social laws against women still
more oppressive ?
In no State are the statute laws as liberal
toward women as they should be. Why? Look
at the materials of which elections are com-
posed! The saloon influence is the acknowl-
edged strongest power in every community.
Look at the workings of that influence (always
hating and hated by women) in last election.
The Radicals had the money. They held the
public offices, and were supported by all the
moneyed powers in the North. A Radical can-
vasser buys half a gallon of radical whisky
(which has paid a radical tax for the distillery
of two dollars per gallon for the whisky, and
is, notwithstanding this tax, sold at $1 75 per
gallon, radical poison;) with this bottled light-
ning he drenches the voter, and this sovereign
and lord of creation goes reeling up to the polls
; as drunk as a fiddler's dog to vote "according
to the spirit that is in him." Do you not
think his poor starving wife could vote as
wisely ?
You shut woman out from all the easy and
honorable ways of earning a livelihood. A
short time ago the important national work of
making a statue of Mr. Lincoln, to be placed
among the art monuments of this Capitol, was
. by Congress committed to the hands of a young
I female artist, whose personal worth and bril-
liant talents place her among the brightest stars
in the constellation of American genius. The
selection of this young lady to make the statue
provoked cruel criticism from venomous pens,
which was satisfactorily answered by the fol-
lowing just criticism on the superior genius of
male artists:
"It has been said in Congress and elsewhere that
it was beyond the ability of her girlish hand to deal
with«uch a subject; that it 'needed the masculine
.grasp,' &C. Well, a good many artists of the male
persuasion have .grappled with it during the past
year, and the result has been the turning out of Mr.
Lincoln in almost every conceivable style. We have
him striking a Napoleonic attitude, with distended
eye and arms crossed over a protuberant breast. We
have him glowering, with Forrestian air, at a set of
broken handcuffs. We have him pointing with
melodramatic swagger to an ax and rail. We have
him in Roman toga, very much to the disadvantage
of his lank figure. We have him in bulging trow-
sers, a smart Talma cloak, and with his strongly-
marked grotesquo features so idealized as to pass for
a Byron. We have him holding all sorts of docu-
ments at all sorts of angles, sometimes poised on his
left leg and sometimes on his right.
"The masculine grapplers seem to have about ex-
hausted themselves, and the result is not so decisive
as to exclude competition. Supposo we give the
feminine grasp a show. Her model is yet in the
rough, but it snows points of excellence that promise
well. The attitude is Lineolnian, and the artist, who
made her study from life, has succeeded in catching
the benign expression of face that should be perpet-
uated in a statue of Mr. Lincoln.
"As regards the charge of audacity in the young
artist aspiring to contest honors with the Crawfords,
{xreenoughs, Persicos, and others, whose works adorn
the Capitol, we cannot exactly see it. We can see
nothing to discourage her from emulation in the
series of squats in question—thesquatting squaw and
the bowling Columbus on the eastern portico, the
squatting white woman, squatting Italian, Indian,
impossible hunter, and nondescript dog on the '.'her
side of the steps; the squatting Washington in the
eastern yard, shirtless and shivering, with hand up-
lifted as if calling upon a just Heaven to launch its
thunderbolts upon the sculping ecallawag who set
him out there upon a cold chunk of marble in such
inadequate costume; the squatting 'civilization'
Croup, crouched under the pediment; orin thesweet-
Sotato-shaped 'America' in Madge Wildfire head-
ress, .(would to Heaven she could squat 1) surmount-
ing the dome of the Capitol."
If a woman is highly educated she may teach
school; if not, she must be a sewing-woman,
a beer-jerker, or a harlot 1 If she clerks in a
store she is an exception, and must meet the
scornful criticism of the world. Nice young
men, counter-jumpers, the tulips and daisies
of society, who labor under the heavy respon- '
sibility of supporting small mustaches, are the
proper persons to measure ribbon, sell hose,
and corsets, and vote! How many suniy-
