114
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11 and 18,
Ho. op Reps.
Equality of Suffrage—Mr. Noell.
39th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
haired girls grow up to find that their freedom
of labor is curtailed, their ambition hopeless!
They find it necessary to cultivate the baser
and more artful part of their natures in order
to catch a man. She must have a man to pro-
ject her from that beast of prey called society.
Whence arises this dread among women of be-
coming old maids? They are willing to mate
themselves with men far inferior to them in
every way.
Many a woman of genius whose heart beat
high with ambition has exclaimed in the agony
of her slavery, "Oh, that I were a man!"
Many an old maid whose hopes in life were
blighted because she could not catch a man,
has sat by her window at night and looked out
into the black vault of heaven at the stars
twinkling in the distance and longed to .fly
away to another world where she might be
somebody. What is more mournful than the
plaint of the old maids:
"Fourscore and four of us
Poor old maids I
Not a penny in our purse,
Poor old maids I
Dressed in yellow, pink, and .blue.
Poor old maids!
Nursing cats is all we do.
Poor old maids!"
They meet nothing but frowns from the
world and they take these feline little creatures
to their bosoms.
If a poor man has a family of daughters his
life is a misery to him, and his heart aches
when he asks himself, " What will become of
my children when I die?" The wealthiest
men in the land have commenced life as poor
boys. Every young man has a fair prospect
for a fortune ; but what woman ever made a
fortune, or ever rose by her own exertion
from poverty, except by the wages of sin ?
" There is a tide in the affairs of men
Which taken at its flood leads on to fortune."
" There is a tide in the affairs of women
Which taken at its flood leads—God knows where!"
A soldier lays down his life for his country; he
leaves a widow and helpless children. How is
she to maintain her little family ? She must
depend on the cold charities of the world or
marry again ! If she asks for employment she
is only a woman, and a pauper at that—who
heeds her complaints?
" At my caBement I sat by night,
Whilo the wind far off in dark valleys
Voluminous gathered and grew,
And waxing swelled to a gale.
Far off 'twas a people's moan :
Hard by 'twas a widow's wail 1"
But we are told to wait. This will compli-
cate questions. What more simple than to
follow a principle to its corollaries? It is said
that woman suffrage will bring odium on negro
suffrage 1 Have the women got so low down
in the scale of humanity that their privileges
would bring odium upon the enjoyment of the
same privileges by the untutored African ? If
so, shame upon this barbarous people who have
reduced them! Why should we wait? There
are thousands of women, widows and orphans
of men who have fallen in battle, starving and
freezing for want of the ballot. There are
thousands of virtuous women who are on the
brink of crime for want of bread. There are
thousands who are now in the meshes of Satan
and cry loudly for help ; for bread! Why wait
and refuse to discuss measures when such grave
results hang upon the issue?
It would be superfluous to discuss woman's
capacity to vote. She is the natural superior
of man in every way. A poet says of Nature :
"Her 'prentice han' she tried on man.
And then she made the lasses 0."
I grant that she is not now as intellectual as
man. She has not the education. She has
never been taught to think. The women know
as much about law as the majority of doctors •
and much more about medicine than lawyers.
What lawyer could have ever invented catnip
tea ? All things require cultivation and edu-
cation. When the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stevens] takes snuff, the whole radi-
cal party sneezes; but I do not believe he could
blow a half bushel of potatoes out of his nose
as I have seen many a juggler do. Distin-
guished ci-devant conservatives, political acro-
bats, might display wonderful powers of con-
tortion in the arena of politics, but they would
find themselves hard put to it to imitate the
flying leaps of Mr. Merryman, and would grow
dizzy in following Blondin and turning somer-
saults on a tight-rope over Niagara Falls.
Let us allow women the chance to use their
learning, and they will soon become educated.
Let us allow women to be useful to themselves
andto society, and they will cease to be so help-
less and will be more courted. Why is it that
a barbarian woman is a subject of purchase,
the man being willing to trade his cattle or his
other goods for a wife? It is because they are
useful. Why is it that when society has be-
come civilized every inducement and penalty
is needed to force men to marry, and women
are willing and anxious to marry without?
The author of the Spirit of Laws, (Montes-
quieu,) who has observed society closely, gives
the following reasons:
"Young women who are conducted by marriage
alone to liberty and pleasure, who have a mind which
dares not think, a heart which dares not feel, eyes
which dare not see, ears which dare not hear; who
appear only to show themselves silly; condemned
without intermission to trifles and precepts; have
sufficient inducements to lead them on to marriage.
It is the young men that want to be encouraged."
Among the ancients a variety of inducements
were offered to tempt young men into matri-
mony. Not content with these, by the wisest
legislators disagreeable circumstances and pun-
ishments were annexed to a bachelor state.
Among the Lacedemonians old bachelors were
obliged every winter to run naked around the
market-place, singing a song which pointed
out their crime and exposed them to ridicule.
It is said that old maids hate the men. Who
can blame them? The worm when trampled
upon will turn and sting the heel which grinds
it. Athenseus mentions a festival where the
women seized the old bachelors and dragged
them around the altars and beat them severely.
At a festival of Ceres the women shut out all
the men and dogs and kept them out all night
to air their devotion. At a festival of Bacchus
the daughters of Mynia, all being in love with
young Hypasus, (he had violated the injunc-
tion, "Never court but one,") they killed the
young man, cooked him, made a fair divide,
and ate him.
These are mere straws in history, but they
serve to show which way the wind blew. The
oppressions of society force women to marry,
and the men refused to marry them, and they
took advantage of the superstitions of the men
to pay them up, (as a good wife sews up a
drunken husband in a sheet and beats him.)
_ While the Romans preserved their primitive
simplicity of manners, wives were in such de-
mand that the Roman youths seized by force
the Sabine women and married them. But
when civilization had made costly ornaments
of women and deprived them of usefulness,
men ceased to marry. Caesar offered rewards
to men to marry. Augustus, to check the
debauchery of the people, laid heavy fines upon
men who remained unmarried. The Roman
knights pressingly petitioned him to relax the
severity of that law. He ordered the whole
body to assemble before him, and to separate
the married men on one side and the unmar-
ried men on the other. He told the married
men that he would appoint them to all the
offices, and confer on tnem all the honors and
emoluments of the government, (constituting
them the bread and butter brigade of the Roman
empire.) Then, turning to the bachelors, he
denounced them, and revived the Popean law,
which imposed a heavy fine on them, giving
them twelve months' time to marry and be
relieved of the fine. Some married infants in
the cradle, they being less expensive than
frown women ; others grumbled at the fine,
ut paid it, saying it was cheaper to give away
half their estates than to support the luxury of
a wife.
Can woman see any pleasure in the part she
plays? She may be gay and festive while in
company, showing off her fine clothes, but at
night, when this costly paraphernalia is laid
aside, what a dreary sense of her own littleness
comes over her. She realizes in their bitterest
significance the words of the preacher, " vanity
of vanities." This is why our daughters and
wives look pale and care-worn early in life.
There is a " skeleton " in every closet. When
she is married all her accomplishments are laid
aside. The man who is wedded to a musical
wife bewails his lot.
Why is it that with the increase and wealth of
a country woman only becomes more burden-
some on society? The new demands for labor
springing out of the diversification and division
of labor find no place and offer no wages to
woman. Men's wages increase, but women
are still helpless burdens on the community.
In my district this is not the case. We have
not only the prettiest girls in the world, but
the most useful women. The men find great
difficulty in getting married, for the girls are
independent and can earn a livelihood without
marrying.
But look around in your cities and you will
see a great contrast. There the women are
like ravenous wolves or cunning man-traps.
A man has to "bevare of thevidders!" A
poor man is in continual trepidation lest he
should fascinate one of them. ,If he is married
he brings his nose to the grindstone. She can
be of no earthly use to him in business, her
ideas run in a different current from his, and
she can have no social relations to him except
to ask him the news and detail to him the gos-
sip and slander of the day. If she asks about
his business he frowns, and if he inquires about
household affairs he is pertly informed that it
is none of his business. Women put on airs
of frailty. A young lady in company will cut
a pea in two, it being too large for her delicate
mouth; but as soon as she is alone she will
cram a whole corn-dumpling down her throat.
I know that success in my undertaking to
enfranchise the women is not likely. When I
look around in this Hall and see so many men
whose bald heads and hooked noses denote
that they have passed that period of life when
even the heroic retreat of Joseph has any
merit in their eyes, I feel discouraged. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania—the modern
sea-green incorruptible, who was so reluctant
to visit Harrisburg—is an old bachelor. He
knows that if women were in power the scepter
would pass from Israel. When the great arch-
angel of radicalism is hostile to the female
cause, what may we expect of his imps?
Then the clerks in cities who compose the
voting class will be hostile to this measure. If
women were allowed to clerk in stores these
counter-jumpers would lose their places. They
fear the competition. The saloon influence,
the strongest power in the land, is hostile to
woman suffrage. A woman whose husband
and sons have been poisoned would not show
much quarter to the dealer of poisons. Here
again the people of my district are more for-
tunate than in most localities. A man may
get gentlemanly tight or even gloriously
drunk at any corner-grocery in southeast Mis-
souri without disturbing the peace, killing his
neighbor, beating his wife, or voting the Radi-
cal ticket; for our saloon-keepers sell good
liquor. Other parts of the State are less for-
tunate. I need not tell you how much " red-
eye," "tangle-foot," and "bust-head" it took
to roll up four thousand Radical majority in
the St. Joseph district. When I advocate
woman suffrage it is not because my constit-
uents need it, but for the advanceme&t of the
civilization of the world. Like Anacharsus
Klootz, I am the friend of the human race:
"No pent-up Uticacontracts oar powers.
But this whole boundless continent u ours."
