1486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
the court did not stop here. It was urged by
Mott that—
" The proceeding of the court-martial took place
and the sentence was given three years and more
after the war was concluded and in a time of pro-
found peace."
The court answered the objection in these
words:
"The opinion of the court is, that a court-martial,
regularly called under the act of 1795, docs not expire
with the end of a war then existing, nor is its juris-
diction to try these offenses in any shape dependent
upon the fact of war or peacc." * * * *
*'It would be a strained construction of the act to
limit the authority of the court to the mere time of
the existence of the particular exigency, when it
might be thereby unable to take cognizance of and
decide upon a single offense. It is sufficient for us
to say that there is no such limitation in the act
itself."
This case establishes these positions :
1. A military offense can be committed by
a person not "in the land or naval forces, or in
the militia, when in actual service in time of
war or public danger;" for such persons are
subject to the Rules and Articles of War, and
Mott was not.
2. That such offenses, though committed by
persons not included in the classes just recited,
may be tried by a court-martial.
3. That the jurisdiction of a properly con-
stituted court-martial does not cease with the
termination of a war, but may continue until
the case for the trial of which it was organized
can be disposed of.
4. That such jurisdiction does so continue
•unless it be limited by act of Congress. This
case andthe Milligan case cannot stand together.
The former stands in support of those powers
of the Government upon which it must rely
for its protection, defense, and maintenance
in time of war or public danger; the latter
dwarfs these powers, and, if enforced, would
render it impossible for the Government to
prosecute a war. The one manifests a just
appreciation of the distinction which exists
between the civil and the war powers of the
nation; the other presents alarming evidence
of a disposition on the part of the court to
assume control of powers never committed to
its jurisdiction. I know of nothing in the JMil-
ligan case which should stand in the way of
the triumphant passage of this bill.
Mr. Speaker, common justice demands the
passage of this bill for the indemnification of
those who served the Government, and who
to-day stand in peril because they served the
Government faithfully and well. Not a man
of all the long list of those whose safety de-
pends on the passage of this bill had any cause
to suspect, when he was performing the ser-
vices which bring him within its provisions,
that he was acting at his own peril, and that
the shield of the Government was not ex-
tended over him. Our legislative and judicial
history both warranted every such person in
resting upon the belief that for the time being
he was absorbed into the body of the Govern-
ment, and that it, and not himself, was the
party acting. In the first few months of the
war Congress declared by solemn statute a
ratification and pronounced the validity of the
acts, orders, and proclamations of the Presi-
dent. The Supreme Court in 1802, in the prize
cases, while intimating that this legislative ac-
tion was not necessary, still held that if the
President had acted without authority of law,
the act of Congress operated as a ratification
°l "ls,aots au(l cared all defects, the same as
though the acts had been authorized by act of
the national Legislature. Every officer and
soldier acting under the orders and proclama-
tions of the President relied on this action of
the executive, legislative; and judicial depart-
ments of the Government, and went forward
in the discharge of his duty fully believing
that he was acting for the nation and not at
his own peril. They knew that the Supreme
Court had decided in the case of Martin vs.
Mott, already quoted by me—
" That the authority to decide whether the exigency
has arisen belongs exclusively to the President, and
that his decision is conclusive upon all other persons.
We thmk that this construction necessarily results
toons the natui'e of the power itself, and from the
manifest object contemplated by the aet of Congress.
The power itself is to bo exercised upon sudden
emergencies, upon great occasions of state, and under
circumstances which may bo vital to tho existence of
the Union. A prompt and unhesitating obedience to
orders is indispensable to the completeattainment of
the object. The service is a military service, andthe
command of a military nature; and iu such cases
every delay and every obstacle to an efficient and
immediate compliance necessarily tend to jeopard the
publicinterests. Whilesubordinatc officersorsoldiers
are pausing to consider whether they ought to obey
or are scrupulously weighing the evidence of tho facts
upon which the Commander-in-Chief exercises the
right to demand their services, the hostile enterprise
may bo accomplished without the means of resist-
ance." * * * * " If asuperior officer has
a right to contest the orders of the President upon his
own doubts as to the exigency having arisen, it must
bo equally the right of every inferior officer and sol-
dier; and any aet done by any person in furtherance
of such orders would subject him to responsibility in
a civil suit, in which his defense must finally rest
upon his ability to establish tho facts by competent
proofs. Such a course would be subversive of all dis-
cipline and expose the best disposed officers to the
chances of ruinous litigation."
The officers and soldiers of the United States
had little reason to expect from the source
whence come this doctrine that cruel abandon-
ment of them which seeks to deny through the
doctrine of the Milligan case all power in Con-
gress to protect them; and still less reason
had that class of officers who stand most en-
dangered by the position of the majority in the
Milligan case. I refer to those who had partici-
pated in the acts of military commissions such
as Milligan was tried by. They could look
with confidence to the opinion of the court in
ex parte Vallandigham (1 Wallace's, 248,)
wherein the instructions contained in the order
of the Secretary of War of April 24, 1803,
are approvingly referred to, and the jurisdic-
tions of courts-martial and military commis-
sions held to be—
"Applicable, not only to war with foreign natitns,
but to a rebellion, when a part of a oountry wages
war against its legitimate O-ovcrnment, seeking to
throw off all allegianco to it, to sot up a government
of its own."
So far as the court in that opinion refer to
the instructions contained in the order cited,
it treats them as valid, and they expressly
affirm that—
"Military offenses, under tho statute,must bo tried
in the manner thoroin directed; butmilitary offenses
which do not come within the statute must bo tried
aud punished under tho common law of war."
And upon this the opinion states:
"In the armies of the United States the first is
exercised by courts-martial, while cases which do not
pome within the rules and regulations of war or the
jurisdiction conferred bystatute or court-martial, are
tried by military commissions."
Sir, it is our duty to so act as that these
things shall not have led our agents into dangers
from which they cannot escape. It would be
criminal in us to permit harm to come to our
officers and soldiers or to leave the law in such
condition as to afford the courts an excuse for
bringing harm to them. Justice, right, pro-
priety, all combine in urging the passage of
this bill.
The next general proposition contained in
this bill is as follows:
And no civil court of the United States, or of any
State, or of the District of Columbia, or of any dis-
trict or Territory of the United States, shall have or
take jurisdiction of or in any manner reverse any
of the proceedings had or acts done as aforesaid, nor
shall any person be held to answer in any of said
courts for any act done or omitted to be done ;n pur-
suance^ any of said proclamations or orders, or by
authority or with tho approval of the President,
within the period aforesaid, and respecting any of the
matters aforesaid.
Mr. Speaker, if Congress has the power to
ratify and to render legal and valid the acts,
orders, and proclamations of the President,
and the acts done in pursuance of them, it has
power to enact this part of the bill. If wo
have the power to ratify and render legal and
valid past acts, orders, and proclamations, it
follows that we might have authorized the
doing of these things. They all relate to his
powers and duties as Commander-in-Chief of
the Army and Navy. They are military in
their character, and do not properly belong to
the jurisdiction of the civil courts. If Con-
gress had conferred these powers on the Presi-
dent in advance of their exercise, to be used
by him in his discretion, and he had exercised
his discretion to the extent of the acts, orders,
and proclamations named in this bill, there
could be no doubt about any and all of them
coming within the rule laid down in the case
of Martin vs. Mott before cited, and affirmed
in thecase of Luther vs. Borden, (7 Howard's
Reports, 45,) that—
"Whenever a statute gives a discretionary power
to any person to be exercised by him upon his own
opinion of certain facts, it is a sound rule of con-
struction that the statuto constitutes him tho sole
and exclusive judge of the existence of the fact."
But it is said the President was not so au-
thorized. If this be true, we propose to ratify
what we might have authorized, and when this
is done the rule cited operates with the same
force as it would if tho power had been granted
before the President acted. This of itself is a
sufficient reason for depriving the civil courts
of jurisdiction in all cases and questions in-
volved in this legislation, or rather to forbid
the exercisp of such jurisdiction by them ; for
if the President is the exclusive judge of the
facts upon which he exercises his discretion,
and all his military subordinates are bound to
obey his orders, as has been decided by the
Supreme Court, and as every member of the
Army is required to take an oath to do upon
entering the service, no other jurisdiction can
exercise any control over him except that which
possess the power of impeachment. More-
over, these acts of the President were not judi-
cial acts in the sense in which the term judicial
is used in the Constitution nor in the statutes
conferring power on the civil courts; "nor
can it be said that the authority to be exer-
cised by a military commission is judicial in
that sense;" nor can any of the acts of the
President's subordinates in the cases involved
in this bill be considered in that sense judicial.
They all belong to another class of powers,
having_ no reference to the judicial power of
the United States. • They involve another juris-
diction, whose exercise and operations should
be kept free from the interference of the civil
courts except so far as the law-making power
of the United States may deem it proper to
subject them to it. But if it were otherwise, it
is clear that these cases do not come within
the original jurisdiction of the Supreme Court,
and its appellate jurisdiction is subject to such
exceptions and regulations as Congress shall
make. As to the inferior courts we have the
power to withhold this jurisdiction. In the
case of Sheldon et al. vs. Gill, (8 Howard's
Reports, 448,) the Supreme Court held that—
"It must be admitted that if the Constitution had
ordained and established the inferior courts, and dis-
tributed to them their respective powers, they could
not be restricted ot diverted by Congress. But as it
has made no such distribution, one of two conse-
quences must result—either that each inferior court
created by Congress must exercise all the judicial
powers not given to the Supreme Court, or that Con-
gress, having tho power to establish courts, must
define their respective jurisdictions. The first of
these inferences has never been asserted, and could
not be defended with any show of reason, and if not,
the latter would seem to follow as a necessary conse-
quence. And it would seem to follow, also, that hav-
ing a right to prescribe, Congress may withhold from
any court of its creation certain jurisdiction of any
of the enumerated controversies. Courts created by
statute can have no jurisdiction but such as the stat-
ufe confers. No one can assert a just claim to juris-
diction exclusively conferred on another or with-
held from all."
Looking at this question from either stand-
point suggested, our power to withhold the
cases embraced in this bill fromjhe jurisdic-
tion of the civil courts is perfect.
It has been suggested to me, sir, that the
clause of the bill which provides that "all
officers and other persons in the service of the
United States acting in the premises shall be
held prima facie to have been authorized by
the President" is objectionable and should
be stricken from it. I do not regard it in this
light. This provision is incorporated in the
bill as a rule of evidence, and is merely an
enlargement of the rule that "every public
officer is presumed to act in obedience to his
duty until the contrary is shown." This bill
enlarges this rule so as to include "other
persons in the service of the United'Statcs,"
a class which really stands in need of the
rule more than officers; for a large propor-
