722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
Georgia of Rev. William Fincher, a missionary
to the freedmen in that State; which, on mo-
tion of Mr. Eliot, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Freedmen's Affairs, and order.ed to
be printed.
message fkoji the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate ha4 passed an act (S. No. 503) for
the relief of Mrs. Mary A. Dixon, of Alexan-
dria, in the State of Virginia, widow of the
late Turner Dixon, deceased, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested.
president's message.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union and resume the con-
sideration of the President's annual message.
Mr. MAYNARD. There are several bills
on the Speaker's table which, as we are fast
approaching the close of the session, it is desir-
able shall be referred to the appropriate com-
mittees. I ask the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania to yield so that those bills may-be taken
up and referred.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose; the gentleman from Vermont has already-
been delayed too long. I insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Welker inthechair,) and resumed
the consideration of the President's annual mes-
sage, on which Mr. Meecde was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. MERCUR. I yield to the gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. Mobrill,] with the un-
derstanding that I shall be entitled to the-floor
when he concludes.
financial policy.
Mr. MORRTLL. Mr. Chairman, so many
schemes are afloat here that the public judg-
ment is bewildered — sometimes one for the
immediate retirement of compound-interest
notes; sometimes for the substitution of Uni-
ted States notes for compound-interest notes
and all other obligations of the United States
falling due; and sometimes for the substitu-
tion of United States notes in lieu of those
now famished by the national banking associa-
tions—but whatever the merits of these asso-
ciations as an original question, I must say
that I should regard a measure to wind them
up and the issue of an equal volume of cur-
rency by the United States as tantamount to a
perpetual suspension of specie payments. This
instability, the ever-recurring proposals of
change in measures affecting and disturbing
the whole interests of the country, is a vice of
most deplorable magnitude, and which we as
legislators should unremittingly labor to limit.
Mr. Chairman, much needless disputation is
avoided by a precise definition and limitation
of the terms employed to express propositions.
If those who advocate specie payments and
those who favor paper money would fix accu-
rate bounds to the meaning of their words they
might be found apart, but not so far apart as
they themselves suppose. Those who are for
resumption do not mean forthwith, and those
who are against it do not mean non-resumption
forever. Let them explain their positions and
they would be nearer together than they now
are; but while they indulge in loose talk they
arc as wide asunder as the poles.
It is true, resumption of specie payments by
the Government cannot bo obtained until there
is some curtailment in the circulation o"f the
legal-tender notes, say $200,000,000, nor per-
haps until by stiffening the tariff wo check the
outgoing of California gold. But when re-
sumption does occur it will at once unlock a
large amount of specie hitherto withdrawn from
circulation, and, prices being also reduced, a
less amount of currency will be required. No
disastrous effects need follow if the people and
the Secretary of the Treasury only exercise a
common prudence. All expect the country to
face resumption at some time ; and it is after
all but a question as to what time will ho the
best and productive of the least amount of
inconvenience. The men who have faith in
the resurrection of gold and silver say we shall
never have a better time than now. Those who
have felt the fructifying effect of a flood of pa-
per money—its first glow of expanding prices
and its quiet mode of scaling debts—believe
its potency inexhaustible, and demand that the
flood shall never subside.
For my own part, I am persuaded if we start
now we shall not reach the goal of resumption
any earlier than the most devoted patrons of
an exclusively paper-money system would wish.
In a season when prices have universally
risen it is a matter of. Congratulation that the
value of man has risen most of all. Skilled
labor—the hand guided by edueated.brains and
a free will—is appreciated. The world begins
to find room for all her children, and never
will good and willing workmen be forced to
beg for employment. Whether paid in paper
or gold, the wages of man the world'over will
rule higher for every slave that has been eman-
cipated. On the return of specie payments the
rank of labor will be more than relatively main-
tained.
Finance seems to be a subject which in-
spires all men, and each one js persuaded of
the infallibility of his own gospel. The finan-
cial condition of no nation or individual is ever
so sound that it may not be improved ; and if
admitted to be unsound th$ volunteer doctors
and the wet and dry nurses, painfully prolific,
propose remedies more to be dreaded than any
malady. It is curious, too, to observe what
progress is made in the science of wealth.
Classic standards are no longer authority, and
two and two no longer make four. To appre-
ciate this progress one must turn his back upon
Franklin and Hamilton and Gallatin. They
believed that labor created wealth and that
the public debt could be paid only by proper
taxation. The new school, however, trust
much to the miraculous efficacy of paper cur-
rency. Hand in hand with that, the laborer is
taught that he can earn as much in six hours
as he once earned in ten or twelve, or that if
he is worthy of the a^e he need noj, work at all.
Again, that with this invention diligently used
taxation, always a great bore, may be handed
over to posterity or any party who likes it. I
regret that I have no such pleasing theories
and no such delusive nostrums. I have no
dream that we can add to the wealth of the
country by any contrivance unaccompanied by
honest labor, nor that we can long maintain
public credit without taxes or by faith without
works. Let us rather strive to give to labor
its largest constant remuneration, and equally
strive to sustain the Government by the small-
est amount of taxation.
While some of the ablest intellects in France
and England are seeking a road by which to
escape the evils—the losses and hazards—of
even a mixed currency, while they are be-
coming bullionists pure and simple, we have
some men who should be statesmen studying
schemes by which to perpetuate the prodigal
use of that Government paper which was en-
gendered by a gigantic war.
A speech on financial questions, bestudded
with facts and figures, I know possesses few
attractions compared with the many immedi-
ate and remote problems that arise On the
great topic of reconstruction, and yet the sub-
ject is now one of even more pressing import-
ance. If the sinners of the South can afford to
delay repentance, we can afford to wait. I shall
not ask any one here to adopt my arguments,
which may be poor, but the facts presented I
hope may have more to recommend them.
Never was it more important than now that
we should fix our tax and revenue system upon
a stable basis—to stand for a series of years—
bnt, if our political condition did not forbid
this, the unfunded national debt, and, above
all, the immense volume of national bank and
legal-tender currency, will not permit it. Ere
this we ought to have been sailing on smooth
seas: but beyond some palpable rocks, which
mny he avoided if we choose, what unexplored
dangers lie in our path it is almost impossible
to foretell, and yet all contingencies must be
provided for. Our destiny is to be a great and
powerful nation, or, if not that, then to follow
in the long procession of extinct republics.
There can be no middle ground. The United
States must be a grand Power among the na-
tions of the earth or nothing. The first sign of
exhaustion, the first stumble of decrepitude,
will be the signal for all of our foes to unite in
crashing out-our national existence. We must .
not forget in finding cruel enemies at home we
also have been furnished with superabundant
evidence that those who govern foreign nations
are by no means our friends, but on the con-
trary they have exhibited a savage joy at every
blow which made'' freedom shriek'' or retarded
the triumph of the principles and supporters of
a republican Government.
Earnestly seeking peace, and believing hon-
orable peace possible, we yet may be flirted
into war. We may be assailed, and thus be
called upon to defend ourselves with all our
might. If our financial condition is only sound
we can easily bear the strain; but until we have
our debts solidly funded, until they are held
where they will not leap into the market and
crush all domestic credits at the first croakings
of alarm, an addition of another thousand mil-
lions of debt is to be avoided. A war to be
supported by an inflated currency is devoutly
to be shunned. I do not like the idea of being
under perpetual bonds to keep the peace, and
therefore it is our highest duty to insist, first
and everywhere, on rigid economy; and sec-
ond, to restore our finances to the normal con-
dition—to the specie standard—at the earliest
practicable moment. Producing more gold
and silver than all the rest of the world, let us
not endure the reproach that we do not know
how to keep it after ~fre have got it. Able to
bring into the field the mightiest of armies, let
us also be equally strong in our means of in-
definite and independent support. Let any
who may seek a war with us know from the
outset that it will be one commensurate with
our physical and geographical proportions and
in no way inferior to our past history.
We must look at the sober facts before us.
The inevitable expenses of the Government
must be provided for. The interest on our pub-
lic debt is estimated next year at §105,051,512,
and, unless the perpetual paper propagandists
shall prevail, upon the final redemption of the
legal-tender currency this will be ultimately
increased about twenty or twenty-five million
dollars, or in the aggregate more than our whole
public debt in 1816, when it reached the high-
est point ($127,334,993) prior to the recent
rebellion.
Our Navy has been very largely increased,
and it is not probable that it will ever shrink
to its former narrow proportions. In this
Department our annual expenditure will be
$23,144,810 31, or nearly twice as much as
before the war. The regular Army is now
fixed at about fifty-four thousand men, but we
have to provide for nearly ninety thousand for
the coming year; eight thousand or eighteen
thousand are forever obsolete; and it must be
kept capable of instant and formidable expan-
sion. The estimated cost for the War Depart-
ment the coming year is $58,804,657 05. The
extra bounty we provided for last year will
amount to §80,000,000, all of which is yet to
be paid.
The pension appropriation, instead of cover-
ing a few heroes of a hundred years as well as
of the Revolution, and five or six thousand
scarred soldiers of the war of 1812 and 1847,
now embraces young men, but mutilated in
service, in every city, town, and village, to the
extent of nearly one hundred and twenty-five
thousand ; and instead of less than a million dol-
lars, as in 18G2, now requires $13,177,440, or
as much as the whole expenses of the Govern-
ment in 1824 and 1828. The war claims of
several States, if that of Missouri, alriady
reported upon at $7,000,000, may be regarded
as a foretaste, will weigh heavily upon the
Trensurv.
