1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•723
The Indians, though reduced in numbers
since the advent of the Pilgrim fathers from
not less than fifteen millions to two hundred
and ninety-five thousand seven hundred and
seventy-four, maintain their nomadie and in-
tractable character, requiring for each a mile
square of territory for support where a white
man would need but a few acres, and beyond
this an annual and perpetual expenditure of
$3,500,000 more, which does not include the
large and variable sums it costs us out of the
military chest to bestow upon them, for vari-
ous provoked and unprovoked offenses, that
Christian chastisement which the agents and
traders who snatch and devour our amiable
charities, think they need. Last year seven
thousand nine hundred and nine Navajoes were
held by us as prisoners in New Mexico at an
expense of $1,500,000. The Freedmen's Bu-
reau, in proportion to its value and importance
the most economical expenditure of the Gov-
ernment, will cost for the coming year $10,-
350,205 55; but it has an unexpended fund on
hand of two thirds of this amount. The
elevation of the Indian may be hopeless ; but
fortunately the improvement of five millions
of the African race is a possibility abundantly
assured. With the most inflexible economy,
without any guarantee that the Halls of Mon-
tezuma shall have restored the gold abstracted
by Cortez, or without the indulgence of any
other splendid folly, our entire expenditures for
all purposes cannot be brought down to anything
like, the old standard of sixty or seventy mil-
lions per annum. Heavy taxation is at present
unavoidable; but this will every year be sen-
sibly diminished by increased wealth and in-
creased population. Our task, if we are wise,
will be at least biennially to relieve something
from taxation. European nations, however,
ambitious once more to maintain large armies
in time of peace, compelled to make lavish
expenditures for the maintenance of the bal-
ance of power, will annually have to seek some
new object of taxation upon which new burdens
may be imposed.
An unusual item, however, is this year to be
provided for by the people, not by the Govern-
ment, which will transfer a large sum from the
United States to Europe. The Paris Exhibi-
tion will attract Americans, over addicted to
travel, by thousands, and there is some ground
for the satire conveyed m the pretended cable
dispatch, that Napoleon has set ap'artfour acres
as a grave-yard for American visitors who may
not survive. It will be a very moderate esti-
mate to calculate that seventy-five thousand
persons will this year cross the Atlantic from
the United States, and the cost will not be less
than §1,500 each in gold, or a total of $112,-
500,000, which in currency would be over
$150,000,000. Some will estimate the num-
ber much higher and the expenditures greate*.
It will hardly be less. This will swallow up
the entire production of all our gold and silver
mines for the year to come, or, what is more
likely, its equivalent in United States bonds, to
be disposed of as the exigencies of individuals
may require. Such a drain may be ill-timed,
but there is no escape from it. For the pres-
ent our lesson as a nation is economy, rest,
abstinence. Hereafter we may revenge our-
selves by calling a world's convention at St.
Louis or upon the summit of the B,ocky
mountains.
I know that excellent men entertain much
affection for paper money, although no one at
the time of its recent introduction dreamed of
its present overgrown proportions, nor of using
it beyond the immediate war exigencies of the
Government. Its use, justified only by an over-
whelming necessity, was to be terminated with
the first uawn of peace. I confess to a feeling
almost of mortification in having the convic-
tion that this question requires sober argument
before an American Congress. How any friend
of American industry can espouse the cause of
an endless reign of paper currency, of which it
takes oue dollar and thirty, forty, or fifty cents
to buy a dollar in specie, is to me incompre-
hensible. Iron ships are rapidly coming into
use, but they can be built abroad and employed
for one Jialf the price they cost here. Will any
American build an iron ship? Tenements for
rent, unless already built, are no longer favor-
ite investments for men having capital, and no
poor man dares for a moment to indulge the
ideaof building ahouseandahome. Although
all other circumstances, save only our depre-
ciated currency, indicate a disposition and war-
rant in all parts of our country, North and
South, East and West, to start new industrial
enterprises, yet few such are actually started.
Men will not invest expecting five years hence
to lose one half of the sum invested.
Some gentlemen think that the premium on
gold paid by the importers is ample compen-
sation for all the griefs of American manufac-
turers. Never was there a greater fallacy.
When the wants of the Government created
both a demand and war prices for goods; when
it was easier to sell than it was to buy; before
labor and raw materials had advanced to the
same ratio or beyond that of gold, then manu-
facturers were reaping princcly harvests from
the rise of raw materials and stocks on hand.
All that is changed. Now raw material has
been consumed and labor has advanced, but
prices of finished manufactures have receded
and are still receding. Many mills have already
suspended, and others are working on short
time. Certainly to embark in any new enter-
prise is deemed hazardous. Neither the great
attractions of the West nor of the South can
overcome the dreaded longevity of the race of
'' greenbacks." The bare difference in the cost
of the permanent capital of English woolen
manufacturing establishments and American
gives to the English the mastery and ample
dividends. Six years ago a woolen mill that
would have cost $1,000,000 in New York or
New England could have been put up—so much
cheaper are raw materials and labor — for
$500,000 in England. Permanent investments
there which yield three and a half per cent, per
annum are satisfactory. Here seven per cent,
per annum is the least that would tempt cap-
ital to such enterprises, or that would anywhere
be voluntarily accepted. To-day the prices of
bricks, iron, machinery, and labor have so
largely increased that such an establishment
would here cost nearly double what it would
six years ago, or $2,000,000. The interest
upon this sum would be $140,000 per annum:
but the interest of the British establishment—
§500,000 at three and a half per cent.—is no
more than SI",500. Here is $122,500 per an-
num in favor of the British manufacturer, a sum
sufficient for very respectable dividends, cer-
tainly, on aeapitalof $500,000. Is it any wonder
that we have an extraordinary influx of British
goods, or that all Europe last year was swept
to furnish the empty American markets?
Prior to the war the cost of the labor expended
upon a yard of cotton cloth (64X64 printing)
was nine mills, but now it is two cents and
seven mills or three times the amount. A
printer in Washington now gets twenty-four
dollars per week and works but eight hours
per day, where he formerly received fourteen
dollars per week and worked ten hours per.
day ; and yet he will tell you that his condition
and means to support a family have not been
bettered. A ton of English railroad iron in
Wales is now sold for £5 10.s. or $27 50; but
it is estimated that the wages alone paid to
workmen in Pennsylvania to produce a ton ot
rails amounts to sixty-five dollars, and of this a
careful analysis shows $35 28 to be expended
by them for agricultural productions. In spite
of the high rates of the figures the laborer
enjoys no more comforts than formerly. _ Our
paper currency represents dimensions without
gravity and its perpetuation must prove de-
structive to both employes and employers.
I am no defender of the politics of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. They have been and
are as distasteful to me as to any of my friends.
He is not, however, the first man who has
sought distinction in a role for which he was
unfitted. The author of Blaekstone's^ Com-
mentaries sought parliamentary position to
increase his fame, but there his career is only
remembered because Junius pointed at him
his "-slow, unmoving finger of_scoru." John
Quincy Adams was not always satisfied in the
high career of a statesman, but sometimes
attempted poetry, and " Dermot McMorrogh"
was the result. The political sins of the Sec-
retary are patent, but according to Burns "we
know not what has been resisted." Should we
drive him from position, is it likely that any
successor would have more of the confidence
of the country? His recommendations, so far
as I am concerned, shall not be condemned
because made by him, only scrutinized. I do
not think it will be very wise for Congress to
get wrong on financial questions because the
Secretary happens to be right, though wrong
politically. For myself I shall not make the
mistake of opposing him where my conscience
assures me he is mainly sound and true. Al-
though I think he has named a day for the
resumption of specie payments somewhat ear-
lier than it will be possible to achieve, yet the
unalterable purpose to resume at an early day
I have no doubt is sound in principle, policy,
and morals, and if Congress shall thwart this
purpose it will have doomed the country to
long years of suffering. More than this: any
party which shall undertake seriously to pro-
crastinate the day of our redemption from the
evils of an excessive paper currency, the evil
of dear living, will at last be overwhelmed by
its opponents, even though the latter may not
be able at the time to extricate the country.
Strong as we are we cannnot afford to take the
wrong side of such an issue.
On the 11th day of May, 1865, the premium
on gold had fallen to one hundred and twenty-
eight and a half per cent., having fallen from
two hundred per cent, in March, and from a
much higher point than that in January with-
out producing a perceptible ripple in financial
circles and far less a panic. There were
twenty-seven hundred and thirty-three fail-
ures in 1860 in the United States, amounting
to $01,739,473; but in 1865 there were only
five hundred and thirty, amountingto $17,625.-
000, or about one fourth part of the average
number and amount. Mortgages, made light,
had been liquidated. The old system of mer-
cantile credits by common consent had been
banished. The South in losing all had lost its
credit, and trust in that direction was impos-
sible. All felt that to pay as you go was sound
policy. The scriptural injunction "owe no
man anything" had been implicitly obeyed,
and then was the golden moment, not only for
political reconstruction, but for a return to
specie payments. Then the capital of the coun-
try was idle and might have been largely en-
listed into the service of the country., The
campaign of a paper currency was over, and it
waited only to be honorably discharged. Use-
ful once, it was now only an incumbrance.
The western States prior to the war were
largely involved in debt, and they not only paid
off an indebtedness of not less than $200,000,-
000, but they became large holders of United
States securities with means of becoming still
larger holders. Up to this time neither in the
West nor in any other part of the country
have our people asked or received the ancient
measure of credits. Notwithstanding the drain
of the war the great masses of the people are
free from debt. Thanks at least, to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury for having borne aloft the
motto of an early resumption of specie pay-
ments. This, if no more, has prevented the
country from an indefinite expansion of credits,
from plunging headlong into debt; and never,
in my opinion, shall we have a more auspicious
moment to initiate measures for a vigorous re-
tirement of the excess of our paper currency.
I wish I could believe that the Treasury esti-
mates of the receipts from customs for the
years 1867-68 were not too larje, but I cannot,
and instead of $145,000,000 if we get less by
§20,000,000 it ought to content and be satis-
factory to the country. The capacity oi the
South to consume and pay for immense im-
portations has been vastly overrated, and the
