118
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
Ho. of Reps.
Heconstruction—Mr. Hunter.
39th Cong.... 2d Sjess.
faithfully administered and the -rights and in-
terests of the people of that State of all classes
respected and preserved.
I do not say that at this very moment there
ought to be withdrawn from the State of Louisi-
ana every Federal soldier, nor that it may not
still be useful to exercise some supervisory
power over the police regulations of the city
of New Orleans or elsewhere in the State of
Louisiana. But I do say that the laws which
we now have will enable us to do that, so far as
it may be necessary, and that there is no occa-
sion for passing other laws for that purpose.
Whatever in that direction needs to be done
can be done hereafter as it has been done here-
tofore. The peace of the city of New Orleans
and of the State of Louisiana can be preserved
now and hereafter as I maintain that it has
been heretofore preserved, as a general rule,
during the whole two years of the existence
of the present State government. Since that
government came into existence there has been
but one riot that we know of anywhere within
the limits of the State of Louisiana, and that
was a riot confined to a small portion of the
city of New Orleans, and in which compara-
tively few of the inhabitants of that city can
in any way be shown to have been engaged.
And even if we put the very worst interpreta-
tion upon the acts of the rioters, how can we.
with any show of justice, hold seven hundred
thousand inhabitants of the State accountable
for a local disturbance?
I have discussed this measure thus far as a
question of justice and policy more than as a
question of constitutional right. I do not pro-
pose to enlarge upon the latter aspect of the
case upon this occasion ; nor should I feel in-
clined to do so even if I had time. The prin-
ciple involved has been often discussed in this
House. But I do say that there has never
been a measure proposed, even in this Con-
gress, which presents to my judgment a clearer
usurpation of constitutional power or a more
flagrant and tyrannical subversion of popular
rights than the bill now before this House,
which seeks to set up against the will of nine
tenths of the white people of Louisiana a negro
government in that State, supported by mili-
tary force. This bill, in effect, establishes a
military dictatorship ; because in all things the
civil government which it pretends to establish
is subordinated by its provisions to military
supervision and control.
How does this bill accord with the pledge
which was given by an almost unanimous vote
by this Congress to the people at the outset of
the war, and during the progress of the war
repeatedly renewed, that the war should be
prosecuted only for the purpose of restoring
the Union "and maintaining the dignity,
equality, and rights of the several States unim-
paired?" It was by that pledge that you
recruited your armies; it was by that pledge
that you were enabled to man your Navy; it
was by that pledge that you were enabled to
rally the whole people of the North, of all
political parties, as one man in defense of our
nationality. By that pledge, and in that sign,
you triumphed over the rebellion; and now,
when you feel yourselves secure, instead of
redeeming that pledge which you gave to the
loyal people of the North, and to the loyal
people of the South as well, you introduce
bills here which provide, in express terms, for
the dismemberment of this Union, and which
regard neither the dignity nor the equality nor
the rights of the several States. Borne upon
the wave which the war-storm rolled over the
nation you floated into power. I admit that
you are intrenched everywhere throughout the I
country in possession of State Legislatures
and the Governors of States, and you feel your-
selves strong because yoti assume that at the
recent elections you were indorsed by the
people. But have a care lest you tempt too
liar the credulous confidence of your country-
men.
There have been measures, of which this is
one, introduced and passed in this Congress
which tend to revolution ; such a measure as
this is revolution itself. And if gentlemen
persist in their vain attempt to radicalize the
South, if they are not content with southern
allegiance btit insist upon southern support
for their party measures ; if they are not con-
tent with the absolute abandonment of the
right of secession, which, as all here well
know, has been surrendered by the citizens of
the South in good faith; if they are not willing
to receive back these States as States when
their people in good faith are willing to re-
new their allegiance to the General "Govern-
ment; if they protract these unhappy dissen-
sions too long; if they falsify their pledges
too grossly and too persistently, the country
will some day awaken to the full knowledge of
the fact.
Gentlemen should remember that although
rebellion such as we hwve had is a crime it is
possible to make even rebellion respectable.
The red-handed rebel striking for a freeman's
rights against the oppressor's wrongs is ap-
plauded by mankind and glorified in history.
Let this Government beware, so that its acts
may breed no such rebels here as did George
III and his British Parliament.
Magnanimity is the crowning grace of the
conqueror.
When Csesar burned without reading them
the letters by which some officious spy sought to
reveal to him the offenses of his enemies and
the treachery of his pretended friends, he be-
came in the estimation of posterity a greater
man than if, like the majority in this Congress,
he had instituted mousing committees to go all
over the country for the purpose of making
out cases to justify punishment.
The Roman Senate, when it made citizens of
its alien and conquered enemies, was engaged
in a nobler and a wiser work than the members
of an American Congress plotting for the dis-
franchisement of millions of their own coun-
trymen.
I do not suppose anything I can say will
alter the predetermination of a single member
of this House. I know that the passage of this
bill cannot be prevented if it has already been
resolved upon by the majority, and I would
not have deemed it of any utility for me to
say one word in opposition were it not for the
fact that as a member of the committee who
have reported this bill, I owe it as a duty to
myself and to my constituency to clear my skirts
of all responsibility in the Tnatter.
I have not thought fit to repeat here the par-
ticulars upon which I have commented in the
minority report to which I have referred. If,
however, the riot which happened in New
Orleans on the 30th of July is to weigh with
members in their action upon this bill, it would
be a source of some satisfaction to me if I
could imagine that the report had been read.
Of that satisfaction, however, I am deprived,
as it was only presented yesterday, and not as
yet in print. It is, however, so far as the action
of the majority is concerned, a matter of little
practical importance if, as it seems, when the
select committee was appointed the decree bad
already been registered that the State govern-
ment of Louisiana was to be subverted and a
new government established by Congress more
in accordance with the designs of the Republi-
can party. Still it would have been a more
discreet policy on the part of gentlemen on the
other side if they had paused until the country
might at least be supposed to think that the
subject had been fairly examined. To pass
this bill at this time must appear not only to
this House but to the entire people of the
country as if the case had been prejudged, and
as if this committee was sent forth, not for the
purpose of eliciting information, but merely
for the purpose of making out an excuse for an
act of tyranny the perpetration of which had
even then already been resolved.
Reconstruction.
REMARKS OF HON. J. W. HUNTER,
of new york,
itf the House of Representatives,
February 15,1867,
On the bill (h. r. No. 1143) to provide for the more
efficient government of the lately rebellious States.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I shall vote
against this bill because of its dangerous and
mischievous tendencies, and because -every
interest of the country demands the peaceable
restoration of the Union in all its fullness and
integrity. This bill is contrary to the whole
theory of the contest in which thousands of
brave men have died. We certainly waged
this fearful war to prevent a dissolution of the
Union. The victory won, are we living up to
our professions, or are we allowing a noble
purpose to degenerate into silly contentions
and personal abuse of those who happen to
differ with us in the political contests of the
day ? Who will not remember when Congress
assembled in this Hall in trembling anxiety
and in prayerful hope that the life of the nation
might be saved? I ask attention to the great
resolution of this House, adopted on the 22d
of July, 1861:
"Resolved, That in this national emergency Con-
gress, banishing all feelings of mere passion or
resentment, will recollect only its duty to the whole
country; that this war is not waged upon our part in
any spirit of oppression, nor lor any purpose of con-
quest or subjugation, nor purpose of overthrowing
or interfering with the rights or established institu-
tions of those States, but to defend and maintain the
supremacy of the Constitution and to preserve the
Union with nil the dignity, equality, and rights of
the several States unimpaired, and that as soon as
these objects are accomplished the war ought to
cease."
Somewhat different from the resolutions of
the present day. But " new occasions bring
new duties." What were the duties of that
hour, with the rebel flag floating within sight
of your Capitol ? Did any one think of inquir-
ing into the political views or of the kina of
votes then lately given by the hundreds of
thousands of the brave men who came freely
to offer their lives in defense of their country;
to stand between you and certain destruction ;
when these heroes, coming back victorious, but
marred, scarred, and maimed with the wounds
received in the war, and having, perhaps, by
the favor of the President of the United States
been appointed to some miuor office ? It seems
to become the new duty of the occasion to look
these brave men in the face and reject them from
office because they happen to have voted con-
trary to the views and wishes of the dominant
party at the last election. The President him-
self is villified and abused, and even those who
in the least sustain him in this his great offense
are branded as traitors and in complicity with
rebels.
It is said that the most belligerent parties
now in the South are the parsons and the
women. Who are the most belligerent among
us; who are the strongest advocates for war-
like measures upon a beaten and a vanquished
foe—a people so poor and impoverished that
the benevolent of our larger cities are at this
moment collecting money to save them from"
starvation ? Are they not identified with the
party who, by continued agitation on this and
kindred subjects, strive to keep themselves in
power; who war upon the President, upon the
small minority in this House, upon any one,
just to keep their hand ip practice? But how-
ever necessary to the life of a party it may be
to keep up a system of agitation and commo-
tion, it is not exactly what the great mass of
the people want. They want a quick, quiet
settlement of our national difficulties. The
great national wish is for a peace which will
embrace the whole land ; that trade and com-
merce shall be allowed to flow in their ac-
customed channels; that every feeling which
would bind and cement a people together
