724'
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24
lake trade alone probably much exceeds the
entire aggregate of the southern trade recently
restored. The prompt action So generally ex-
pected upon the tariff bill now pending in the
Senate, by which the rates of duties would be
somewhat increased, .for a time greatly stim-
ulated importations, and we have had both a
glut of merchandiseand of revenue by no means
to be anticipated for the coming year.
It is most likely the Secretary of the Treas-
ury has underestimated the amount of United
"States bonds held abroad, and that instead of
$350,000,000 not less than $500,000,000 of our
national securities are so held. So long as
these remain below par abroad they will be
held more or less as fancy stocks, liable to be
returned for realization at any moment. If
they could be made equal to par it does not
seem to me that the holders would part with a
security for which they were receiving six per
cent, interest in order to accept another no
better at three and a half per cent, interest.
Beyond a question when our bonds bring what
they represent, dollar for dollar, a new loan
payable abroad could be negotiated, if it were
de:firable, at five per cent, and perhaps at four
and a half per cent. We 'shall ere long de-
monstrate that it is safer to trust tHe United
States at three and a half per cent, than any
other nation in the world, but first we must
make our present obligations worth their par
value in gold at home.
I wish it were true that the stocks of the
United States were not to be found at all in
foreign markets ; but we are not rich enough
to hold all the good things we produce. Is it
.not, however, a source of mortification that
Massachusetts five percent stock brings more
in London than United States sixes? Or that
Virginia five per cents bring only twenty per
cent, less? Are we quite content that Egyp-
tian, (quoted at 84,) Turkish, (98,) Brazilian,
(98,) and even Moorish, (OS,) stocks shall be
quoted much higher than the best of United
States stocks? Some of these loans at four
per cent., of Governments greatly inferior, as
we think, to that of the United States, bring
higher prices than our six per cent, loans. I
do not wish swiftly to put large profits in the
pockets of our creditors, but those who ob-
tained our stocks at less than par made their
profits at the time of purchase, as it was to
nave been expected the Government would
pay to the uttermost farthing all it promised,
principal and interest, and those who relied
upon the good faith of our Government, or
who may hereafter so rely, will never receive
less. No other Government has met its obli-
gations with more punctuality. If slowly, the
world will surely yet acknowledge the fact. But
our creditors are receiving eight or nine per
cent, while gold commands its present rate of
premium. On $2,000,000 of debt this profit
of our creditors amounts to over forty millions
per annum.
The problem of how much currency or cir-
culating medium any country requires for the
healthful transaction of its business is one hav-
ing so many points of disturbance that its actual
solution is one of some difficulty. Each exam-
iner will vary the result according to the data
included or excluded, and probably according
to the theory he wishes to build up or demolish.
I propose to present some facts upon this sub-
ject that to me seem important, and to which
t invite the consideration of the House.
The entire amount of bank-note circulation
of the whole country in January, 1802, was
$18-1,000,000, and of this $40,000,000 belonged
to the southern States. The maximum amount
of bank-note circulation at no previous time
has gone beyond $214,778,822, and the circu-
lation in 1800 was §207,802,000, and that was
a year of as large production and of as much
general prosperity as any perhaps in our his-
tory. To the amount of paper there must be
added a small amount for specie in daily circu-
lation. Doubtless there was $200,000,000 of
specie in the country, but that held by banks is
represented by paper, an equal amount of which
is usually retired whenever specie is demanded
and temporarily brought into use. A consider-
able amount, as there ever will be, was iioarded
or in transitu as merchandise.
The business of the country was not larger in
1806, certainly, than it was in 1800, except in
national taxes, and these unquestionably create
a demand for some increase of the circulating
medium, and as unquestionably to some extent
diminish the business of the country. It is a
great convenience, however, that the medium
should be of a national character and current
in all parts of the country.
With what propriety can it be claimed that
the business of the country requires the vast
volume of paper currency which now inundates
the land? Let us look at it:
Paper currency now in circulation, {December 1,1866.)
Notes of State banks  $36,785,035 00
Notes of State banks converted, now
outstanding  9,748,OS 00
United States notes, legal tender  385,441,849 00
Fractional currency  28,620,249 93
Circulation issued to national banks... 292,671,753 00
8753.266,911 93
In 1882 the circulation of bank notes of the
sonthern States was $40,000,000, and was at the
outset of the rebellion much increased; but the
confederate currency was subsequently largely
substituted for it, and theamountnowoutstand-
ing certainly does not exceed that sum, and its
chief value lies in the fact that the creditors
of the banks can use it to pay their debts. I
shall not bring the $1,000,000,000 of Jeff.
Davis's king-cotton currency into the account.
That, in " swinging around the circle," seems
to have been condemned and executed even
before its authors.
West of the Rocky mountains, on the Pacific
slope, gold and silver has maintained its sov-
ereignty and very little paper has got into cir-
culation. The amount of gold and silver coin
is probably considerably greater there to-day
than it was six years ago, and may be estimated
in all the States and Territories at $25,000,000.
Throughout the country, and particularly where
merchandise is distributed at wholesale, there
are many articles bought and sold exclusively
for gold, and no other prices are quoted for
them. Instead of coin, gold bars or bullion is
very largely used by banks and by importers
to pay for foreign merchandise. These cir-
cumstances keep some small portion of the
gold coinage from being wholly demonetized.
The copper and nickel coinage has been depre-
ciated so that a five cent token contains about
one cent of real value, or until it is almost as
light as any paper which can be produced, even
by the genius of the hydrostatic power at the
Treasury Department, and it once more rises
and floats triumphantly over the dirty sea of
paper currency in vulgar fractions. The gold
certificates of deposit, issued by millions, help
to swell our circulation, being conveniently and
daily used for many purposes, especially to pay
for exchange in the liquidation of foreign
accounts and among gold operators. Bills of
exchange are in fact currency, and the amount
afloat is enormous.
The compound-interest notes arelargely used,
and almost universalis-, though without author-
ity, take the place of tJnited States legal-tender
notes in the reserve required to be held by
national banks. Even the seven-thirties often
take the place of lawful money, and are given
and taken in financial transactions at their cur-
rent value. To some extent the coupon bonds
of the United States are used as money and are
remitted to pay balances due, especially bal-
ances of trade due abroad.
To the circulation already mentioned, it is
fair, then, to add the most considerable part of
the following items:
Gold certificates of deposit  $19,636,500
Compound-interest notes   li7.3S7.140
Specie in actual circulation on the Pacific 25,000,000
Spcciein actual circulation in the Atlantic
States  15,000,000
Copyer aoid nickel  3,000,000
8210,023,040
This, added to the first series of items,
  a
mates the whole of our present currency
$963,290,551 93, or in rouna numbers nearly
one thousand million dollars, to do' actually
less business than we were doing six years ago,
when we did not have nor require one fourth
part of the sum !
The four millions per month of Government
paper authorized to be retired last year has
been more than compensated by the increase
of national bank paper, and .paper currency,
therefore, still maintains its supremest bulk.
We produce of gold and silver §8,000,000 per
month, and yet higgle about retiring within the
same time $4,000,000 of paper.
The amount of notes authorized to be issued
by the Bank of England is £11,000,000, or $55,-
000,000; and the entire amount of paper cir-
culation in Great Britain, including private and
000,000. Some years it has been a trifle more
than this and some years a trifle less; but in
1865, strained as they were for capital to buy
and hold cotton at its advanced, price, the
amount did not go beyond £39,129,789. Be-
yond doubt the trade and commerce of Great
Britain vastly exceeds that of our own or any
other nation. Its exports in 1864 were $2,545,-
000,000, and yet they find Sl85,000,000 of pa-
per money equal to all their ordinary demands.
How is it that it can be pretended we require so
naueh more? Durifcg the war itwas claimed that
.he enormous transactions of the Government
absorbed hundreds of millions, and doubtless
the money paid to our armies in distant fields
did not find its way to commercial centers as
quickly as it would if it had flowed through the
■ordinary channels of trade; but the Govern-
ment changed business, did not increase it,
and if it did, the war has ceased and the Gov-
ernment is no longer the grand purchaser and
consumer of everything upon which it can lay
its hands. It is an absurdity to suppose that
we require five times as much paper money as
Great Britain to do less than half as much
business. But the facilities now in use for the
transaction of business by houses engaged in
large operations, outside of the use of money
of any kind, although known, are generally
vastly underrated. A member of Parliament
recently declared that it required no more cur-
rency to do the business of Great Britain now
than it did twenty years ago, when the business
was only half as large.
There will be found in one of the parliament-
ary reports of 1858 (Evid., p. 165) the testi-
mony given by Mr. Slater, a member of a firm
in London largely engaged in commercial
transactions, ranging over several millions
sterling ye?rly, which showed that their re-
ceipts and payments in the ordinary cour e of
business, when carefully analyzed, held the
following ratio for one hundred parts :
Receipt*.
Bank of England notes   7 per cent.
Gold and silver  3 per cent.
Bankers' drafts and checks  90 por cent.
Total IW per cent.
Payments.
Bank of England notes  2 per cent.
Gold and silver  1 per cent.
Bills of exchange and checks 97 per cent.
Total 100 per cent.
The business of this firm was analogous to
that of any of our large merchants or traders
in New York, and proves conclusively that
the credit and capital of the people are used
to the extent of ninety to ninety-seven per
cent, in ordinary mercantile transactions, and
that neither gold and silver nor paper convert-
ible into gold and silver is used for a circulat-
ing medium beyond from three to ten per cent.
This fact is strikingly illustrated by the ;New
York bank exchanges or money transactions
for a single day; for example, take one in the
year 1863, amounting to $91,291,431, which was
performed by the use of $2,807,390 in money.
In the year 1854 the bank exchanges were
$5,862,912,098, and the balances or money
