1488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
side have gone out, understanding from the
remarks of the gentleman from Iowa that the
vote on this bill would not bo taken to-night.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If it can be agreed
by unanimous consent that this bill shall come
up to-morrow morning immediately after the
reading of the Journal, and shall stand in the
same position as though the main question had
been ordered, I will agree to give the gentle-
men oa the other side the major portion of the
hour to which I shall be entitled under the
rules.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
the proposition of the gentleman from Iowa?
There was no objection.
TAX BILL.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved
that the rules be suspended and the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itseslf into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Boutwell in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the tax bill as the
special order.
The pending paragraph was the following:
That section ono hundred and seventeen be amend-
ed by striking out aU after tho enacting clause and
inserting in lieu thereof the following: That in
estimating the gains, profits, and income of any por-
son, there shall be included all incomo derived from
interest upon notes, bonds, and other securities of
the United States; profits realized within the year
from sales of real estate purchased within the year
or within two years previous to the year for which
income is estimated; interest received or accrued
upon all notes, bonds, and mortgages, or other forms
ox indebtedness bearing interest, whether paid or
not, if good and collectable, less tho interest which
jhas becoiaao due from said person duriug tho year;
tho amount of all premium on gold and coupons; the
Amount of sales of livo stock, sugar, wool, buttor,
cheese, pork, beef, mutton, or other meats, hay and
grain, or other vogetablo or other productions, being
the growth or produce of tho estate of such person,
not including any part thereof consumed directly by
the family; all other gains, profits, and incomo
derived from any source whatever; and the share of
any person of the gains and profits of all companies,
whether incorporated or partnership, who would be
•entitled to tho same, if divided, whether divided or
otherwise, except the amount of income received
from institutions or corporations whose officers, as
required by law, withhold a per cent, of the divi-
dends mado by such institutions, and pay the same
to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue or other
officer authorized to receive the same; and oxcept
that portion of the salary or pay received for ser-
vices m the civil, military, naval, or other service of
tho United States, including Senators, ltoprosenta-
tivca, and Delegates in Congress, from which tho tax
lias been deducted. And in addition t,o$l,000 oxempt
from income tax, as hereinbefore provided, all na-
tional, State, county, and municipal taxes paid
within tho year shall bo doductcd from tho gains,
profits, or income of tho person who has actually
paid the same, whether such person bo owner, ten-
ant, or mortgagor; losses actually sustained during
the year arising from fires, shipwreck, or incurred in
trado, and debts ascertained to bo worthless, but
excluding all estimated depreciation of values and
losses within tho year on sales of ic.il estate pur-
chased two yeais previous to the year for which
income is estimated-; tho amount actually paid for
labor or interest by any person who rents lands or
hires labor to cultivato land, or who conducts any
other business from which income is actually de-
rived; the amount paid out for usual or ordinary
repairs: Provided, That no deduction shall bo made
for any amount paid out for new buildings, perma-
nent improvements, or betterments, madoto increase
tho valuo of any property or estate: And provided,
further, That only one deduction of $1,000 shall bo
made from the aggregate income of all the members
of any family, composed of ono or both parents, and
ono or more minor children, or husband and wife;
that guardian* shall be allowed to makcsuch deduc-
tion in favor of each and every ward, except that in
ease where two or more wards are comprised in ono
family, and have joint property inrerest, only one
deduction shall bo made in their favor: And pro-
vided, That in cases where the salary or other com-
pensation paid to any person in the employment or
service of the United States fhall not excecd the rate
of §1,000 per annum, or shall be b3r fees, or uncertain
or irregular in the amount or in the time during
which the same shall have accrued or been earned,
such salary or other compensation shall be included
in estimating the annual gains, profits, or income of
the person to whom the same shall have been paid,
in such manner as the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, under thedirection of the Secretary of the
Treasury, may prescribe.
Mr.t WILLIAMS. I move to amend by-
inserting after the word " real," in the thirty-
second line on page 7, the words 44 and per-
sonal;" so that the clause will read: "prof-
its realized within the year from sales of real
and personal estate purchased within the year
or within two years previous to the year for
which incomo is estimated." I understand,
Mr. Chairman, that there is no objection to
this on the part of the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. ^GARFIELD and others. Oh, yes,
there is.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Chairman, is it in
order to explain the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
On agreeing to the amendment there were—
ayes eighteen, noes not counted.
Mr. WILLIAMS called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend by
striking out after the word "gold" in the
thirty-ninth line, on page 17, the word £iand,"
and inserting after the word 44 coupons" in the
same line the words 44 and profits on the sale
of gold and silverso that the clause will read:
"the amount of all premium on gold coupons
and profits on the sale of gold and silver."
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
That section one hundred and eighteen be amended
by striking out all after tho enacting clause and
inserting in lieu thereof the following: That it shall
be tho duty of all persons of lawful age to make and
render a list or return, in such form and manner as
may be prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, to the assistant assessor of the district in
which they reside, of tho amount of their income,
gains, and profits as aforesaid; and all guardians
and trustees, or any person acting in any other fidu-
ciary capaoity, shall make and render a list or roturn
as aforesaid to the assistant assessor of the district in
which such guardian or trustee resides of the amount
of income, gains, and profits of any minor or person
for whom they act as guardian or trustee; and the
assistant assessor shall require every list or return to
be verified by tho oath or affirmation of the party
rendering it, and may increase the amount ox any
list or return if ho has reason to believe that the
same is understated; and in case any person, guard-
ian, or trustee shall neglect or refuse to make and
render such li^t or return, or shall render a false or
fraudulent list or return, it shall bo tho duty of the
assessor or the assistant assessor to make such list,
according to tho best information he can obtain, by
tho examination-of such person or his books or
accounts or any other evidence, and to add fifty per
cent, as a penalty to tho amount of the tax due on
such li«t in all cases of willful neglect or refusal to
make and render a list or return, and in all cases of
a false or fraudulent list or return having been ren-
dered to add one hundred per cent., as a penalty, to
tho amount^ of tax ascertained to be due, the tax
and the additions thereto as penalty to be assessed
and collected in tho manner provided for in other
eases of willful neglect or refusal to render a list or
return or of rendering a false and fraudulent return:
Provided, That any party, in his or her own behalf,
or as guardian or trustee, shall be permitted to
declaro, under oath or affirmation, the iorm and
manner of which .shall be prescribed by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, that he or she, or his
or her ward or beneficiary, was not possessed of an
incomo of $1,000, liable to be assessed according to
the provisions of this act; or may declare that he or
she has been assessed and paid an income tax else-
where in tho same year, under authority of the United
States, upon his or her income, gains, and profits, as
prescribed by law; and if the assistant assessor shall
be satisfied of tho truth of the declaration, shall
thereupon be exempt from income tax in the said
district; or if the list or return of any party shall
have been increased by the assistant assessor, such
party may exhibit his books and accounts, and be
permitted to prove and declare, under oath or affir-
mation, the amount of income liable to be assessed;
but such oaths and evidence shall not bo considered
as conclusive of the facts, and no deductions claimed
in such cases shall bo made or allowed until ap-
pi oved by the assistant assessor. Any person feeling
aggrieved by the decision of the assistant assessor
in such cases may appeal to the assessor of tho dis-
trict, and his decision thereon, unless reversed by
tho Commissioner of Internal Revenue, shall bo
final, and the form, time, and manner of proceed-
ings shall be subject to rules and regulations to be
prescribed by theCommissioner of Internal Revenue:
Provided further* That no ponalty shall be assessed
upon any person for such neglect or refusal, or for
making or rendering a false or fraudulent return,
except after reasonable notice of the 'time and
place of hearing, to be regulated by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, so as to give the person
charged an opportunity to be heard, and subject to
the right of giving bond and staying proceedings for
the purposo of a hearing in a circuit or district court,
as provided in the fourteenth section of this act.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend by striking out at the end of the par-
agraph just read the following words:
And subject to the right of giving bond and staying
proceedings for the purpose of a hearing in a circuit
or distriet court, as provided in the fourteenth sec-
tion of this act.
There are no such proceedings provided for
in this bill, and hence this language should be
stricken out.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Thatsection one hundred and nineteen be amended
by striking out all after the enacting clause, and in-
serting in lieu thereof the following: 44 That the tuxes
on incomes herein imposed shall be levied on the 1st
day of March, and be due and payable on or before the
30tn day of April in oach year, until and including
the year 1870, and no longer; and to any sum or sums
annually due and unpaid after the 30th of April, as
aforesaid, and for ten days after notice and demand
thereof by the collector, there shall be levied in addi-
tion thereto the sum of five per cent, on the amount
of taxes unpaid, and interest at the rate of one per
cent, per month upon said tax from the time the same
became due, as a penalty, except from the estates of
deceased or insolvent persons."
Mr. BUCKLAND moved to strike out in
lines one hundred and sixty-eight and one hun-
dred and sixty-nine "until and including the
year 1870."
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Thatsection one hundred and twenty be amended
by striking out the proviso to said section, and insert-
ing in lieu thereof the following: "Provided, That
the tax upon the dividends of life insurance compa-
nies shall not be deemed duo until such dividends are
payable; nor shall the portion of premiums returned
by mutual life insurance companies to their policy-
holders, nor the annual or semi-annual interest al-
lowed or paid to the depositors in saving banks, or
savings institutions, be considered as dividends."
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to strike out that clause, as it is already in the
existing law, and is here by a clerical mistake.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
That section one hundred and twenty-three be
amended by striking out all after the enacting clause
and inserting in lieu thereof the following: "That
thero shall be levied, collected, and paid on all sal-
aries of officers, or payments for services to persons
in the civil, military, naval, or other employment or
service of the "United States, including Senators and
Representatives and Delegates in Congress, when ex-
ceeding tho rate of $1,000 per annum, a tax of five
per cent, on tho excess above the said $1,000: and it
shall bo the duty of all paymasters and all disbursing
officers under the Government of tho United States,
or persons in the employ thereof, when making any
payment to any officers or persons as aforesaid, or
upon settling and adjusting the accounts of such
officers or persons, to deduct and withhold tho afore-
said tax of five per cent.; and they shall, at the samo
time, make a certificate stating the name of tho
officer or person from whom such deduction waa
made, and tho amount thereof, which shall be trans-
mitted to the office of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, and ontered as part of the internal taxes;
and the pay-roll, receipts, or account of officers or
persons paying such tax as aforesaid, shall be mado
to exhibit tho fact of such payment. And it shall
be the duty of the several Auditors of the Treasury
Department, when auditing the accounts of any pay-
master or disbursing officer, or any officer withholding
his salary from moneys received by him, orwhen set-
ling or adjusting the accounts of any such officer, to
require evidence that the taxes mentioned in this
section have been deducted and paid over to the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue or other officer
authorized to receive the same: Provided, That pay-
ments of prize money shall be regarded as income
from salaries, and the duty thereon shall be adjusted
and collected in like manner: Provided further, That
this section shall not apply to payments made to
mechanics or laborers employed upon public works."
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
strike out the following;
And they shall, at the same time, make a certificate
stating the name of the officer or person from whom
such deduction was made, and the amount thereof,
which shall be transmitted to the office of the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, and entered as part
of the internal taxes.
The amendment was agreed to.,
Mir. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved in
lines two hundred and fifteen and two hundred
and sixteen to strike out u Commissioner of
Internal Revenue," and to insert "Treasurer
of the United States."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move,
in line two hundred and eighteen, to strike out
4 4 duty" and insert u tax," as we have made
that distinction throughout the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MclvEE. I move, in line one hundred
and eighty-five, to insert the following:
That section ono hundred and twenty-two be amend-
ed by striking out the word "turnpike."
