1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1489
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The clause
to which this is moved as an amendment has
been_ stricken out.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not
in order.
Mr. DAWES moved, in line one hundred and
ninety-nine, after the word "aforesaid" to in-
sert '' whose compensation is determined by a
fixed annual salary."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
That section one hundred and twenty-four be
amended by adding thereto the following additional
proviso: " Provided further, That any legacy or share
of personal property passing as aforesaid to a minor
child of the person who died possessed as aforesaid
shall be exempt from taxation under this section,
unless such legacy or share shall exceed the sum of
$1,000, in which case the excess only above that sum
shall be liable to such taxation."
That section one hundred and twenty-five be
amended by inserting after the words " that the tax
or duty aforesaid" the following: " shall be due and
payable whenever the party interested in such legacy
or distributive share or property or interest aforesaid
shall become entitled to the possession or enjoyment
thereof or to the beneficial interest in the profits ac-
cruing therefrom; and the same;" and by inserting
after the words "United States," in the first sentence
of said section, the words "and every administrator,
executor, or trustee having in charge or trust any
legacy or distributive share, as aforesaid, shall give
notice thereof in writing to the assessor or assistant
assessor of the district where the deceased grantor or
bargainer last resided, within thirty days after he
shall have taken charge of such trust;" and by insert-
ing after the words " shall make out sueh lists and
valuation as in other eases of neglect or refusal, and
shall assess the duty thereon," the words " and in ease
of willful neglect, refusal, or false statement by sueh
executor, administrator, or trustee, as aforesaid, he
shall be liable to a penalty of not exceeding $1,000,
to be recovered with costs of suit."
That section one hundred and thirty-seven be
amended by inserting after the words " imposed by
this act" the words "shall be assessed in the collec-
tion district where the estate is situate, and."
That section one hundred and thirty-eight he
amended by adding thereto the words: "and every
such person having in charge or trust any disposition
of real estate or interest therein, subject to tax under
this act, shall give notice thereof in writing to the
assessor or assistant assessor of the district where
the estate is situate, within thirty days from the
time when he shall have taken charge of such trust,
and prior to any distribution of said real estate,
together -with a description and value thereof, and
the persons interested therein; and for willful neglect
or refusal so to do, shall be liable to a penalty ot
not exceeding $500, to be recovered with costs ot
SUXhat section one hundred and forty-five be amend-
ed by inserting after the word ' years" the words
" from the time when such tax shall have become due
and payable." , , , - . r
That section one hundred and forty-seven be
amended by striking out all after the enacting clause
and inserting in lieu thereot the following: That
any person liable to pay tax in respect to any suc-
cession shall give notice to the assessor or assistant
assessor of his liability to sueh tax, within thirty
days from the time when he shall become entitled in
possession to such succession or to the receipt ot the
income and profits thereof, and shall at the same time
deliver to the assessor or assistant assessor a mil ana
true account of said succession , for the tax whereon
he shall be accountable, and of the value of the real
estate involved, and of the deductions claimed by
him, together with the names of the successor and
predecessor and their relation to each other, and all
such other particulars as shall be necessary or proper
for enabling the assessor or assistant assessor tuny
and correctly to ascertain the taxes due; and the as-
sessor or assistant assessor, if satisfied with such ac-
count and estimate as originally delivered,, or with
any amendments that may be made therein uP£n
his requisition, may assess the succession tax on the
footing of such account and estimate; but it shall be
lawful for the assessor or assistant assessor, it dissat-
isfied with such account, or if no account ana esti-
mate shall be delivered to him, to assess the tax on
tho he<?t information he can obtain subject to appeal
as hereinafter provided : and if the tax so assessed
shall exceed the tax assessable according to return
made to the assessor or assistant assessor, and with
which he shall havebeen dissatisfied, or if no account
and estimate has been delivered, and if no appeal
shall bo taken against such assessments,, then io shall
bo in the discretion of the assessor, having regard to
the merits of each case, to assess the whole 01
part of the expenses incident to the taking of such
assessment, in addition to sueh tax, and if there sha
be an appeal againstsueh last-mentioned assessment,
then the payment of such expenses shall be m the
discretion of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to strike that out. It is in the existing law,
and is here by a clerical mistake.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McKEE. I renew my amendment here,
and wish to explain it. .
The CHAIRMAN. Discussion has been
exhausted on this section under the order of
the House.
39th Coxa. 2d Sess.—No. 94.
Mr. McKEE. I will withdraw it and offer
it in another place.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted. That there shall
be levied, collected, and paid on all distilled spirits,
upon which no tax has been paid according to law, a
tax of two dollars on each and every proof gallon, to
be paid by the distiller, owner, or any person having
possession thereof, and every proprietor and pos-
sessor of a still, distillery, or distilling apparatus
shall bejointly and severally liable for the taxes im-
posed by law upon the spirits distilled therein; and
,he tax shall be a lien on the spirits distilled, on the
distillery used for distilling the same, with the stills,
vessels, fixtures, and tools therein, and on the lot or
tract of land whereon the said distillery is situated,
together with any building thereon, from the time
said spirits are distilled until the said tax shall be
paid: Provided, That the tax on all spirits shall be
collected at no lower rate than the basis of first-proof,
and shall be increased in proportion for any greater
strength than the strength of first-proof.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to insert the fol-
lowing before the proviso in the section just
read:
Provided, That the tax upon any spirits distilled
and removed from the place where the same were
distilled, and not deposited in bonded warehouse, as
required by law, shall at any time, upon knowledge
of such fact obtained by the assessor or assistant
assessor of the district where such spirits were dis-
tilled, be assessed by him upon the distiller of the
same and certified or returned to the collector, who
shall immediately demand payment of such tax, and
upon the neglect or refusal of payment by the dis-
tiller, shall proceed to collect the same by distraint;
but this provision shall not exclude any other rem-
edy or proceeding provided by law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. It will now be necessary
to insert in place of the word " provided" in
the section as it is reported the words 1' and
provided further."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I offer the following
proviso as an amendment to come in at the ena
of the section:
And provided further. That nothing in this act, or
the several acts of which this is amendatory, shall be
construed as preventing or in any way restricting
the continuous redistillation of whisky by distillers.
I hope the committee will give me their at-
tention for a moment while I state the object
of this amendment. I understand the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue has decided
that under existing laws the distiller cannot
redistill spirits. I understand he has also
decided that spirits may be rectified within
the distillery, provided there is a separation by
a wall between the distillery and the rectifying
establishment, while at the same time he has
decided that you cannot redistill within the
same building, notwithstanding you have taken
the same precaution. I can see no reason why
redistillation should not take place continu-
ously within the distillery, and no reason why
you should confine the distiller to the most
crude and imperfect production of spirits that
are made. This provision is designed to enable
him to distill spirits in the highest degree, to
take all the impurities out and make a perfect
article. Why should it not be permitted?
I regard the decision of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue as contrary to the spirit and
letter of the law. You cannot make proof-
whisky without redistillation. If you must
pass it through one doubling to make whisky,
why can you not pass it through two, three, or
four doublings and produce the highest class
of distilled spirits ? This proposition is designed
to enable the distiller to make the purest kind
of whisky instead of imposing upon the public
that crude and poisonous article which is scat-
tered broadcast throughout the land.
I offer this proposition for another reason
This redistillation is required to be done through
another class of distillers. The whisky has to
so from the distillery into the bonded ware-
houses, then it is taken out and another set ot
men within the ring, known, notas distillers, but
as rectifiers and redistillers, who perform the
operation of purifying the liquor which tno
original distiller is not entitled to do.
And liere let me say that there is no protec-
tion against the=.e rectifiers and redistillers.
Thev can introduce any amount of fomented
matter after it has passed from the bonded ware-
house into their redistilling establishments, and
you have no superintendent or inspector to
oversee them and prevent the whisky from adul-
teration, and thus imposing upon the Govern-
ment by depriving it of the revenue it ought to
receive; when if you will allow continuous dis-
tillation the result will "be that instead of an
inferior and impure article you will have the
purest article of whisky,
[Here the hammer fell.]
. Mr. ALLISON. The amendment proposed
if adopted -will have the effect to open up one
of the greatest means of fraud on the revenue.
The object of preventing the distillation of
alcohol or the rectification of whisky in the
distillery is to enable the proper officers of the
Government to test the proof of every gallon
of distilled spirits that comes from the still. It
is true that the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue has decided that you cannot rectify dis-
tilled spirits or distilled alcohol upon the same
premises; that is to say, there must be a
dividing wall between the distillery proper and
the distillery where the spirits are redistilled^
into alcohol. But we cannot say what shall
be the nature of that division line. One man
may own a distillery in a block and the estab-
lishment next door may be a rectifying estab-
lishment. We cannot say what shall be the
nature of the division line except that there
shall be a wall between the distillery and the
rectifying establishment.
Now, my friend knows very well, if he is
familiar with the process of distillation, that
if you distill alcohol from proof-spirits it must
be done by a process of redistillation, which
does lead to frauds; and as distilled spirits are
put into the still for redistillation there is no
possible opportunity of identifying it. If the
gentleman proposes to have established within
the distillery a rectifying establishment and an
establishment for the production of alcohol,
then I know of no means whereby we can pre-
vent frauds or secure their detection.
Mr. FARQUHAR. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question? What objec-
tion can there be to redistillation, thereby mak-
ing the purest kind of whiuky; not alcohol, but
first-proof whisky?
Mr. DARLING. I suppose that debate is
exhausted upon this amendment; and I move
to strike out the word "redistillation" for the
purpose of saying a word. _
There is a case in point in New York where
there was a rectifying establishment on the
front of the lot and a distillery in the rear, and
a fence between them, in order, as was sup-
posed, to evade the letter of the law. Whisky
was made in the distillery, carried into the
rectifying establishment and there branded
"rectified" by the United States inspector,
and then carried out, tax-free, in open day-
light. Now, there is the objection to having a
rectifying establishment upon the same prem-
ises with the distillery. Whisky that comes
from a distillery is supposed to be taxed be-
fore it leaves the vault, and goes to the recti-
fier under the assumption that the tax upon it
has been paid. It is then rectified and passes
out free, after being marked '1 rectified;'' and
under the present law all barrels that are
found so marked in the country, in the mar-
ket anywhere, pass free, upon the supposition
that the tax has been already paid. \\ hen
those barrels are taken by the rectifier the
brands are immediately erased^ the bungs
knocked out, and the contents emptied into
the leech-tubs, and then, after going through
the process, the liquor is put back into the
barrels, branded "rectified," and sent out
broadcast. . .. .
The objection, then, to having rectifying
establishments upon the same premises with
distilleries is that it opens the door for great
Mr.'FARQUHAR. I ask the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Darlkg] to answer the
point that I made in my question, and not to
make a ease for himself. I do not ask about
rectifying. Does not the gentleman from N ew
York lenow the difference between rectifying
and redistilling spirits ?
