Ml
AFPBNDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 18,
Ho. op Reps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Rice.
39th Cong. ... 2d Bess.
by it. A system of reconstruction i&demanded
of a permanent character, that all may know
that when its requirements are complied with,
that then there will be an end to the subject—
a plan based upon the immutable laws of jus-
tice, and left with the people to adopt, under
such disabilities for engaging in treason as
Congress may think right for the future safety
of the country. When that is done we will
have discharged our duty, and the responsibil-
ity of refusal will be left with those for whose
especial benefit the law was enacted.
Reconstru ction.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN H. 11ICE,
OF MAINB,
Is the House of Representatives,
February 13, 1867,
On the bi'.f (IL R. No. 114$) to provide for a mora
efficient government of the insurrectionary States.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. Mr. Speaker, amidst
the conflict of opinions and the " confusion of
tongues" upon the condition, the disposition,
and the restoration of the late insurrectionary
States and the people thereof, I have not
intended to utter a word nor express an opinion
in this House, save by my votes, until the in-
troduction of the bill now under consideration.
But, sir, this measure involves principles of
such vast magnitude, so broad in their scope,
so extended in their operation, so questionable
in their shape, and may become so revolutionary
in their eharacter, that I cannot give it my sup-
port without expressing my fears for the future
of the country, and briefly giving my reasons
for the reluctant vote which I may be con-
strained to record in its favor. Some of my
friends upon this side of the House seem to
regard it as a great measure of reconstruction,
a grand panacea for all our ills, and the final
resting-place for the Republic after the long
agony and the " bloody sweat'' of war. If such
is the haven in which the nation is to be finally
anchored, then, sir, I Can only exclaim in hope-
less agony of soul, "God save the Republic!"
for nothing less than Almighty power, working
through miracles such as the ages have not
seen, can -preserve in such a shell the soul of
republican liberty.
If such be the dread extremity to which we
have come at last, if this is to be our abiding
place, then we have wasted our substance for
naught. Ay, sir, we have shed the best blood
of the nation in vain, and the bereaved and
mourning widows, fathers and mothers, sisters
and brothers all over the Bast, the North, and
the great West must have added to the poign-
ancy of their grief the conscious heart-crush-
ing fact that their best loved ones have died as
the contending hosts of the South have died, for
a "lost cause;" that victors and vanquished
are alike defeated ; and the surviving soldiers
of the Republic, that grand army of citizett pa-
triots, now returned to the peaceful avocations
of life, will look back to the battle-fields Of the
^ desolated South and sigh that they, too, did not
go down with their comrades in the shock of
battle and in the glory of conscious victory,
rather than survive the great principles for
which they fought; that the great triumph won
by their prowess should thus by our folly "be
turned to ashes in their mouths." Heaven
grant that we may so escape from the perils
that surround ug and which may be involved
in this measure as to avert the curses of those
who have thus sacrificed and fought for the
preservation of the Union upon the true basis
of constitutional and republican liberty.
Mr. Speaker, if that vast portion of the Re-*
public lately given over to rebellion and blood-
shed, but now prostrate before the power of
the Government, is to be held for an indefinite
period as a subjugated province uuder military
rule, divided and subdivided into military de-
partments and districts, instead of retained as
States in a grand Union of States, governed
and controlled by a law-loving and loyal peo-
ple, according to the principles and through the
forms of civil rights and process, then a thou-
sand times, ten thousand times, better that we
had let our " erring sisters " depart in peace,
and so saved the hecatombs of precious lives
and the untold treasure expended in the fear-
ful struggle through which the rebellion was
subdued. If I believed for a single moment
that such would be, or could be, the settled
Eolicy of the great party with which I have the
onor to act, I would spit upon this bill and
spurn it under my feet. In sorrow and in sad-
ness I would part company with my friends
here and pass over to the other side of this
Chamber, and there, with the disconsolate, feed
upon the dry husks of degenerate and demor-
alized Democracy for the few remaining days
of this- Congress; and then, disheartened and
discouraged, retire to the quiet walks of pri-
vate life ; and there, with sorrow for the past,
in anguish for the present, and hopeless for
the future of my country, close out the remain-
ing years of an unprofitable life. But, sir, I
am glad to hear it generally declared, and I
folly believe such to be the fact, that this is
only designed as a temporary expedient, inau-
gurated because of present and urgent neces-
sity to protect the loyal people, white and
black, in these States, and save them from
plunder, rapine, and murder.
With this understanding only, and upon the
finding and report of the joint Committee on
Reconstruction, based upon the testimony of
distinguished officers of the Army in whom wa
and the people have full faith and confidence,
that such necessity and such facts exist, do I
consent to give this measure in any form my
support. I cannot and I will not go home to
my constituents with such evidence upon the
record, and tell them that T refused to give the
best relief in my power to bestow, even by the
support of a measure so distasteful as this.
My fear is that the remedy may be infinitely
worse than the disease. The disease is said
to be present and imminent, and that the pro-
posed remedy will cure and not kill the patient.
This may be so if it be quickly and skillfully
applied, and with this hope I consent to put
the medicine into the hands of the military
doctors, but with the full conviction that if the
operation shall be oft repeated or long con-
tinued that the patient will surely die. I do
not stand here to dispute nor controvert the
evidence. The witnesses are highly respect-
able, and have had full and most ample oppor-
tunity to observe the facts and the condition
of things upon which they testify. I must say,
however, because I believe it to be my duty so
to state, that so far as my observation has
extended in the South, I do not agree in the
statement of facts adduced nor in the conclu-
sions arrived at.
During the last summer and autumn I spent
several weeks in the State of Georgia, and
there mixed freely and unreservedly with all
classes of the people, from the log-cabin of the
poor man to the residence- of the State Execu-
tive ; from the squalid poverty of the one up
through all the gradations of society to the re-
fined and luxurious elegance of the other. I
expressed my political sentiments freely and
fully, on all proper occasions, and among all
classes, without a word of insult or even rude-
ness from any one; and I must say, and it is with
pleasure that I say it, that, in my judgment, no
such state of things then existed there as to
demand or justify for a remedy a measure so
extreme and revolutionary as the one now
under consideration. If this bill was designed
to operate upon that State and that people alone
I would, upon the judgment I have stated,
Eromptly and unhesitatingly vote against it;
ut from the evidence adaueed in the case I
must suppose that a different state of facts exist
in other portions of the southern country, and
that this or some other prompt and " heroic"
remedy is imperatively demanded. I shall there-
fore be constrained to vote for the bill, modi-
fied, I trust, in some respects, with the hope
and expectation that some measure more in
consonance with the spirit of our institutions
may soon be brought forward which shall dis-
place military power under this bill, if enacted,
and give to the well-disposed, loyal people of
the South protection and justice under the be-
neficent aegis of the Constitution and the civil
law. In the mean time, the well-disposed and
law-abiding in the sections where they dwell
and have control must wait in patience and
hope until their good example shall extend to
and regenerate the people of the more rebel-
lious sections.
Mr. Speaker, if I understand this bill, it will
if enacted and executed extend martial law
and military power over and into every part
and portion of the territory named therein. It
vacates all civil government at the will of a
military commander; the courts of law, whether
Fcdetal or State, must be closed, or else pro-
ceed under the indorsement and permission of
a post captain. All civil and judicial authority
must necessarily end, for the exercise of either
under such circumstances would be a mockery
and a farce. It again inaugurates the " drum-
head" and the "military commission," which
I had,hoped had passed away fbrever, in place
of the forms, if not the substance, of civil gov-
ernment and judicial process, which have been
assumed and exercised since the flag of the
rebellion went down before the victorious ban-
ners of Grant and the "boys in blue." While
the war lasted in visible organized force I
willingly, gladly, and steadily voted here for
every measure which would give strength to
the military arm of the nation ; and now I only
submit to this measure with any degree of pa-
tience or favor upon the express finding of the
committee, that the rebellion still continues in
fact, not by open, manly warfare, but by per-
missive violence and outrage, against all men
in the South who dare to love and honor and
vindicate the Government of the Republic and
the flag by which it is represented.
Mr. Speaker, I yet hope that the facts upon
which this report of the committee is based have
been overdrawn, or if not, that the southern
people may be speedily convinced of the folly
of their course and correct their behavior, so
that in either case the necessity for the enact-
ment and continuance of this extreme meas-
ure may cease. I trust that the bill may be
amended so that it shall show upon its face
that its friends regard it as only a temporary
expedient for a desperate emergency, and to
cease its operation when some reasonable and
effectual plan of restoration shall be agreed
upon. There is nothing now in the bill to
show that it is not a final and permanent meas-
ure of reconstruction, (if I may so abuse the
term,) to be deliberately adopted and adhered
to as the policy of the majority in this House.
If that idea had been distinctly negatived in
the bill, I might have voted for it without weary-
ing the House with these remarks, but still with
great reluctance, as I shall now do. If the Re-
publican party expects to maintain its suprem-
acy in the councils of the nation it must not
plant itself upon the theory or the fact that the
great section of the country so lately or now in
rebellion is to be governed for any great length
of time by military power alone. If it does it
will utterly fail, and will go down before the
indignant will of the people as hopelessly and
as ignominiously as the Democratic party fell
under the withering curse of their loyal hearts.
And yet this bill does not upon its face show
any other theory. It should not, I am aware,
contain a party platform. I do not mean that;
but it may and it should, in my judgment, neg-
ative in its preamble the legitimate and mis-
chievous presumption of which it is susceptible.
I admit, sir, that I am jealous of military
power exercised other than in subordination
to the civil authority in times of comparative
