726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
have been of course permitted to be rated at
an increased valuation. The pound sterling
of Great Britain, or sovereign, was jpade a
lawful tender in 1794 at $4 44, and in 1842 it
was raised to $4 84—being an increase of over
nine per cent.
It will be seen from this recital that the stand-
ard of the United States coinage is very low,
and the normal condition of exchange with
most other civilized nations is always against
ns. Exchange on London when at not over
nine and a half per cent, is really at par. When
our paper money is promptly convertible into
specie it is still much below the par of the
countries with which we have the largest com-
mercial transactions. Our gold coins are re-
ceived abroad, not according to the valae we
stamp upon them, but according to the amount
Of pure gold they contain. It would seem
almost inexcusable to allow our paper money
to remain depreciated below the standard of
specie as fixed by ourselves for any period more
protracted than is now imperatively necessary.
Bank notes, when they are made equivalent to
the standard of United States coin, will be
non« too valuable. The second, third, and
fourth dilution of money would not be tolerated
by even Hahnemann.
But the value of anything circulating as
money diminishes both in proportion to its
abundance and in proportion to the swiftness
with which it changes hands. Holders of what
is called money below the standard of the
world are always eager to part with it; they
never hoard it. They invest it either in some-
thing more solid or are happy to be rid of it
for even such extravagances as they would feel
could not otherwise be afforded. The Amer-
ican people at all times possess a wonderful
facility for bargain-making, and an abundance
of paper money exaggerates this national apti-
tude."
In the United States the same sum of money
probably changes hand twice as frequently as
in England,*and in England three times more
frequently than in France, and in France twice
as frequently as in Spain, and in Spain five
times more frequently than in Russia or Tur-
key. China and India appear to be Serbonian
bogs, where specie once introduced never more
comes to the light. It goes and stays there per-
haps because it will buy more labor there than
elsewhere ; it is irrecoverably lost, at all events,
to modern commerce. Years ago a high
authority laid it down as an axiom: "Given
the comparative abundance of money, its
market value will vary as the rapidity of the
circulation. Given the rapidity of its circula-
tion, the market value will vary as its com-
parative abundance. Given both the quantity
and rapidity, its value will vary as the econ-
omy in its use."
If this be true, almost any nation would feel
the evils of a redundant currency loss than that
of the United States, because the rapidity of
circulation elsewhere would be generally far
more sluggish.
The effects of an inflated currency, by creat-
ing suddenly a nominal increase of values, has
demoralized the nation. Men quit work and
buy property for a rise, although the rise may
have ceased. The Jew in Boston, who had
heard of some parties w.ho made fortunes by
failing, shut up Ins store, although owing noth-
ing, and traveled about all day saying he had
failed. Toward night he reopened his store,
and said that he had failed ever since nine
o'clock in the morning, and had not made a
single cent! If the speculators would go back
to their proper avocations, like the Jew, it
would be all very well; but they will not.
Staid men become adventurous, and adven-
turers become desperate. Haste to be rich
fires the brain, and he who has no elephant or
no fancy stocks ready to water and dispose of
to green friends is a fossil of a by-gone age.
Even the unsophisticated representatives of
the rural population, attracted by the history
of some lucky city gambler, (or "gold opera-
tor," the polite dp call it,) rush toward towns
and cities, eager for sudden wealth, and are
ready to sully character for an unsullied equi-
page, believing the splendors of an establish-
ment may conceal a shabby soul.
Tift urban population everywhere gain in
numbers at the expense of the rural. Town
and city rents are fabulously dear, and not even
the cholera retards their rise. Hotels are filled,
notwithstanding members of Congress from the
Pacific find it cheaper to cross the Atlantic and
spend the vacation in Europe rather than risk
a four-months' reckoning with an American
landlord, industry, whether agricultural, man-
ufacturing, or mechanical, is no longer attract-
ive when fortunes are lost by wise men and
are gobbled up by fools. A few may gain what
others lose by bold and remorseless specula-
tion ; but the masses, trained to legitimate busi-
■ ness and to honest labor, are daily growing
poorer in pocket while they are daily exposed
to deeper ruin by\he seductive influences of
those who seem to fly to fortune on the ex-
panded wings of a paper currency. Let us set
the gold operators and all who follow kindred
trades at work in some honest calling. At
least we may dry up the fountain from which
flows their present means of intoxication.
It is a significant fact that our great eras of
financial distress have occurred just at the mo-
ment when we have had the maximum amount
of paper money inflation and when we were at
profound peace with all the world. The bank-
note circulation of the United States from Jan-
uary, 18-30, to January, 1837, rose from $61,-
324,000 to $149, IBS,890, and then came the
financial collapse from which the country did
not recover for more than five years, or until
1843, when the bank circulation had been re-
duced to $58,564,000. In 1837 another period
of sharp distress and great embarrassment was
experienced throughout the country. At this
time the bank-note circulation had swollen to
—the highest point then ever known—$214,-
778,822. An cxccssive rise of the circulation
of paper would seem almost as surely to pre-
sage a storm in the financial world as the sud-
den sinking of the mercury in the barometer
denotes a violent change in the atmospherical
world. Under such circumstances the skillful
mariner will trim his canvas so as to weather
the rough dangers he may be called upon to
pass through. While the war raged we had to
run fearful risks, stretching every rag of sail,
with our admirals lashed to the masthead, and
came oil' victorious. Now, with all our craft
safely in harbor, it would be disgraceful to sink
by insisting upon carrying full sail instead of
throwing an anchor or by neglecting to trim
the ship with proper ballast after being nnladen.
Thus far we have escaped any commercial tor-
nadoes, but if we should be visited by such a
calamity-—the usual sequence of war—it is too
obvious that we are exposed to something of
unrecorded severity.
Any excess of currency adds nothing to ac-
tual values. Calling a dollar a dollar and a
half only brings along the necessity for marking
up the pricc of every exchangeable commodity
correspondingly. If this were to be done with
mathematical exactness nobody would be the
gainer or the loser. But our circumstances are
peculiar. We know and have faith that every
dollar issued by the Government will be ac-
tually redeemed and paid, and probably within
five years. So that any one can afford on this
hypothesis to invest gold in United States notes
and hold them idle until redeemed for much
less than even the present premium on gold,
and would probably gain much more than six
per cent, interest according even to the pres-
ent'rate of discount on legal tenders. Not-
withstanding that the present inflation of paper
ought naturally to carry the price of gold much
higher than it now is, this all-pervading con-
viction largely controls the rate of discount.
If the public faith on this point should undergo
a change and the time of specie resumption
appear to be uncertain or postponed, there is
no power which could prevent the premium
•on gold from bounding up to some of its high-
est altitudes. Let Congress become weak and
vacillating and we should soon see our cur-
rency as buoyant as soap-bubbles and with
hardly more purchasing power. During ihe
war, at whatever sacrifice of present comfort,
the people back of us conducted themselves
and voted like statesmen. Let us not suffer
in comparison by an exhibition hereof a more
contracted vision when the light is more abun-
dant.
The ratio between gold and paper is not the
true one. Producing a large surplus of gold,
if naturally is and forever will be cheaper here
than elsewhere. But we have depressed it by
making it a commodity which we are obliged
to sell for what the world will give. We can
spare it more readily than anything else. The
Government requires gold to be paid at the
custom-house and it pays out an equal amount
at the sub-Treasury. That is the inflexible and
perpetual measure of our wants. Beyond this
neither Government nor people have any use
for it. Banks have long since removed it from
their vaults. It is the cheapest thing we have
to sell., So long as this continues we are main-
taining the paper system to the great, advantage
of foreign nations and to our own loss. While
it continues we shall be the subjects of foreign
plunder and the spoil of gold speculators.
Every man's property is at the mercy of the
wild waves of an inflated currency.
All our experience shows that excessive
issues of paper money have been followed by
excessive importations of foreign goods. When
the struggle with Napoleon was over it was
not until years later that England resumed
specie payments, during which her material
progress was comparatively stationery, and her
magnificent strides in trade and commerce bear
date subsequent to this period. When the
bank-note circulation of the United States
was so largely expanded in 1836 our imports
reached the large sum of $189,980,035, having
risen from $70,876,920 in 1830. At the same
time our exports of domestic produce were
only $106,916,680. Again, under like circum-
stances, in 1857 the imports rose to $360,890,-
141, having been no more than $178,138,318
in 1850. At the same periods the excess of
specie and bullion exported was very large.
The net imports of foreign merchandise the
past year, valued in gold, amounted to $417,-
046,577, of which over $125,000,000 were in
dry goods! The close of the rebellion let loose
at high prices a vast amount of cotton ; but we
exchanged it at once for dress goods. These
facts would seem to show that the higher law of
trade and commerce exercises a pitiless rigor
against those nations which tolerate an excess-
ive circulation of paper money.
It is often said that the United States if the
legal-tender issues were withdrawn would, be
a loser by the amount of increased interest.
The commercial health of the country is of teu-
fold more value than $24,000,000 to the Gov-
ernment. With inconvertible paper health is
impossible, bat with health we could easily
negotiate all loans for one sixth less interest.
The $300,000,000 of national bank currency
that would then be convertible, being over fifty
per cent, more than we had in I860, would be
an ample supply for the wants of trade. But
while we are befogged with paper currency
redeemable in other paper currency and that
not redeemable at all—the worst conceivable
form of inflation—Congress will make lavish
appropriations and the expenditures of the
Government will be unnecessarily expanded at
every session far more than any loss to be in-
curred on the score of interest by fuflding the
United States notes. As legislators we come to
hold money cheap. Familiarity with millions
has bred a contempt for paltry sums, and it
seeins cowardice to shrink from any proposal
merely because the figures are larger than
would" once have sufficed. Put off the day of
payment and we count large sums y? trifles,
forgetting that each dollar of every nr lion will
cost some one of our countrymen the sweat of
a hard day's work. It is the golden moment
for the party now in power to turn its attention
to the dry subject of economy and stem the tide
flowing out from the Treasury, for the day will
