1490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
Mr. DARLING. Yes, I do.
Mr. FARQUHAR. Then why not reply to
my question ? I asked about redistillation, not
rectification.
Mr. DARLING. By the improved system
that they now have in distilleries, they can run
and rerun their whisky until they reach the
highest degree of proof. But they do not rec-
tify for the purpose of making alcohol, but for
the purpose of reducing the proof and putting
in coloring and other matter, when they send it
forth as "copper-distilled," "French brandy,"
'• Bourbon whisky," &e.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I do not know
how well acquainted with this business the gen-
tleman from New York is. He may have
investigated it very thoroughly, but his views
upon it do not correspond with mine, which are
based upon my own observations and upon
information that I have received.
I am informed that, notwithstanding the fact
jjhat the House at the last session, upon my
motion, inserted the words "continuous dis-
tillation," which was suggested by the large
■ distillers in the West, to enable them to make
four or five barrels together into one, thus less-
ening transportation and expense. The inser-
tion of those words was objected to then, not
for any reason that has been referred to here
to-night., but because it gave to the great dis-
tillers in the West complete possession of the
business, as against those who purchased
whisky to redistill. This provision prevents
the very thing which enables men to perpetrate
these frauds. Under it, in every instance,
the liquor is run, by continuous distillation, to
alcoholic proof before inspection ; that has
been the practice. The gentleman in the
interest of New York rectifiers endeavored to
stop it and to compel us to ship large quanti-
ties of water to New York, to enable them to
redistill it there. In Now York they cannot
distill it out of grain by continuous distillation,
up to the alcoholic standard, so cheaply as we
can in the West.
_ As they are compelled to buy their mate-
rials from a bonded warehouse they wish to
compel us to do the same. That is the reason,
and the only reason, why in the interest of
thoir_ eastern manufacturers the law, as it
was intended by Congress, has been violated.
Therefore I hope the House will adopt this
amendment, under which frauds cannot be
practiced as they are now, for every particle
of the product, of these distilleries would be
run off and inspected as alcohol, and then how
could there be fraud ?
Now, we do not wish to take this product
i i'om the distillery before the process of manu-
facture is half completed, be obliged to put it
into a bonded warehouse, take it out and put
it in another establishment, and there rectify
it. That would be putting us on an equality
with the New York rectifiers. Now, if we can
do this cheaper than they can, we can pay the
tax better than they can. That is all I have
to say; and I hope the House now understand
the question.
Mr. DARLING. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. HILL. I renew the amendment to the
amendment for the purpose of saying that I
have beep making diligent inquiry from the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue and others
in order to ascertain what possible reason there
could be, if any, for not permitting this redis-
tillation in our western distilleries. And I
think I have been able to get at the cat which
is hid under the meal. These New York
refiners can get^ our crude whisky from the
\v est and refine it in New York more cheaply
than they can afford to buy our corn and ship
it to New "iork, and there make from it the
crude whisky themselves. That, it seems to
me, is the real secret of all this hostility to the
proposed amendment. The object of this
amendment ismerejy to give every distiller an
opportunity of making the most refined article
of whisky which he is capable of making with
the apparatus he possesses. What objection
there can be to that I cannot see.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the gentleman state
to the Committee of the Whole what he under-
stands to be the process of continued distilla-
tion, or "repeated doublings," as it is termed
by some?
_ Mr. HILL. I understand the term "redis-
tillation" to mean to distill over again; contin-
uous distillation, or continuous redistillation
is the continuing the process of distillation so
long as the distiller may think proper.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the gentleman tell
us how, under the machinery of this bill, or
of the provision which he advocates, the Gov-
ernment officers are to know whether a given
distillation is a redistillation in point of fact of
something already once distilled, or whether it
is a fresh and swindling distillation of some-
thing which has not already been once dis-
tilled ?
Mr. HILL. I will do my best to inform the
gentleman. The Government has now a de-
tective in every distillery; the distiller is obliged
to pay this detective five dollars a day to see
that the laws of the United States are executed
in that respect. Now, I do not say that the
detective is worth anything at all; .1 am not
sure that it is not a swindle upon the Govern-
ment and the distiller to have such an officer ;
but if the detective is good for anything, I
should think he could tell whether it was an
original distillation or a redistillation.
Mr. CONKLING. How?
_ Mr. HILL. By attending to the duties of
his office.
Mr. CONKLING. By what process?
Mr. HILL. I do not myself understand all
about the proecss of making whisky; but I
know that no redistillation could take place
in n, distillery without the detective knowing
it, if he performs his duty properly.
Mr. FARQUHAR. If my friend [Mr. Hill]
will permit me, I will say in reply to the
inquiry of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Conkling] that the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, in his construction of this law, has
decided that one redistillation in a distillery,
producing proof whisky, is all that can be
allowed under this law. That is, produced by
once distilling and then doubling or turning
back the product of that distillation and running
it through the still again. Now every turning
back of the whisky, every doubling, as it is called,
reproducing it in vapor, constitutes a distilla-
tion, and you may continue that and make it if
you please not a redistillation but a continuous
distillation until you obtain the highest possi-
ble proof whisky that can be made; and that is
all that we ask the opportunity for our distill-
ers to do. All we ask'is that, under the lock
and key of the Government inspector, the dis-
tillation of the whisky may be carried by our
distillers to the highest proof, to the highest
state of refinement possible.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. Chairman. I hope
that no gentleman, in talking about whisky or
by doing anything else with whisky, will be-
come so excited as to suppose that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means intended anything
by these provisions except to carry out the
genius and object of this law. Our country is
groaning under a system of taxation unexam-
pled in the world ; it is so chiefly because it
reverses almost all the accepted theories of
taxation. We are seeking to spread all over
a continent a drag-net which shall catch all
the djvei sified representatives of industrial en-
terprise. Why? Because the revenues needed
are so great that without this we should be
unable to realize the sum adequate to carry on
the business of the Government. Yet here
is a subject of taxation which, if tjie frauds
could be stopped, would of itself enable us
to disenthrall one fourth if not one third of
all the present objects of taxation. I desire to
be correctly understood when I say that, if we
could enforce against alcohol the taxes laid
upon it, we could emancipate from taxation
one fourth if not one third of all the people
who groan under the burdens laid upon them.
The question is whether the manufacturers of
whisky or the Government are to be strongest
in this struggle for the mastery which is now
going on in this country and which we call tax-
gathering of whisky manufacturers.
Now, sir, the proposition of the committee
in this regard was, after a careful investigation
by the sub-committee, in conjunction with the
Government officers, that this process, called
in parliamentary language "continuous distil-
lation"—called again in another phrase "re-
peated doublings"—is a process which passes
the comprehension of detectives, which eludes
any mode of detection which we could apply,
and enables these men not only to distill and
redistill, but to distill afresh and make in place
of one quantity of liquor repeated quantities,
only one quantity being taxed. That was the
proposition ; and to meet it this provision was
adopted. Now, if any gentleman can propose
a mode in which all this thing can be done,
and yet confined literally and legally to redis-
tillation, not going beyond that, so be it. But
let him propose it with his eyes open to the
fact that here is a great door which has been
easily swung open to frauds, and that in all
the machinery of tax-gathering in this country,
in all the opportunities for collecting taxes
on the one side and evading them on the other,
there is no particular in which it is so import-
ant that we should be guarded and no partic-
ular in which the Government has thus far
been baffled so successfully as in this.
Mr. HILL. I desire to ask the gentleman
how any _ fraud _ can possibly be practiced in
mere redistillation of whisky which has not
been sold and which cannot have been liable
to a charge in the shape of taxation ?
_ Mr. CONKLING. Mr. Chairman, a logi-
cian would answer my friend by saying that
his remark is a mere petitio principii. He
begs the question. Answering his inquiry di-
rectly, I might say that it could not be done.
If you sfate upon paper or state hypothet-
ically a case of mere continuous distillation
or redistillation, as you may choose to call it,
there is^no fraud in that; but the practical
proposition is that you cannot permit this
thing to be done without incurring a liability
to frauds against which you cannot guard.
Mr. HILL. Will thegentleman tell us how?
Mr. CONKLING. I have been endeavoring
to tell the gentlemen how. I will endeavor
to repeat in a word. The officers of the
Government, the experts whose business it is
to administer this law, who have been endeav-
oring to do it for a year or two, have said
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
have satisfied the very able sub-committee
that has had charge laboriously of this ques-
tion, that they cannot with the machinery now
existing, or by any mode which they are able
to propose, guard against not only the possi-
bility, but the easy and continual occurrence
of precisely the frauds which the gentleman
asks me to point out the mode of carrying on.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HILL. I withdraw my pro formd,
amendment.
Mr. SLOAN. I renew the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, with no particular knowledge
of the special subject under consideration, I
desire to say that in my judgment the remedy
for the frauds which have been perpetrated in
reference to the manufacture of whisky has
not been looked for in the right direction or in
the right place. It will be remembered by
members of the House we spent a long time
at the last session in revising and remodeling
the laws intended to prevent frauds upon the
revenue in this regard, and what is the result?
Why, sir, the frauds have gone on increasing,
while the revenue has been diminishing. Every-
thing we have done seems to have made the
matter worse.
I assert it is the general belief in the country
among the people that no respectable attempt
has yet been made by the revenue department
to enforce the laws we have now upon the
statute-books; that there has on the contrary
been an exhibition of weakness and folly and
imbecility. There has never been, so far as I
am informed, a prosecution carried to the final
