1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL "GLOBE.
727
approach when our course will not fail to be
reviewed by tax-payers. If we cannot now re-
duce taxation largely we can do much more by
largely reducing our appropriations. If we
prevent all raids upon the Treasury we shall
enlitle ourselves to imperishable gratitude.
From the facts to which I have already called
the attention of the House it would appear to
be demonstrated that the simultaneous discov-
ery of new auriferous deposits in various parts
of the world, of marvelous extent and richness,
has rapidly and'forever depressed the standard
value of gold, whether as a currency or as a
commodity, throughout all civilized nations,
and that the United States standard of the
precious metals used as currency has been de-
preciated from time to time, either by alloy or
diminished weight, until it compares unfavor-
ably with that of other nations; that while we
have already entirely extinguished or propose
to extinguish the circulation of State banks, we
have supplied its place and much more by the
creation of a family of national banks, whose
issues alone are one hundred millions greater
than the circulation displaced—issues every-
where practically irredeemable and inconvert-
ible, and only claiming to be convertible at some
time ar other into other paper currency of still
larger proportions, which the Government will
in some way and at some time redeem, if it
does not choose instead to go more deeply into
the monopoly of fancy-colored paper money ;
that deposits, bills of exchange, and checks of
individuals really possess in commercial trans-
actions all the functions of bank-note currency,
and in modern times are used at least nine times
more extensively, and therefore, in proportion
to the business of the world, far less money is
actually required than formerly; that the rapid-
ity of the circulation of money, or whatever cir-
culates as money, greatly magnifies any cur-
rency which may be used in the United States;
that the immensity of our paper money circu-
lation tends to the spread of unthrifty habits
and induces extravagance on the part of Con-
gress and the Executive Departments as well
as the people; that a postponement of the time
of resumption will find our people less pre-
Eared, more deeply in debt, the banks with a
eavier line of discounts, and the credit sys-
tem more expanded everywhere than now for
a wise, steady, and prudent adherence to the
idea of an early resumption; and without this
cardinal idea always in front we are in danger,
in the face of a diminishing revenue, of no
resumption at all.
A violent or abrupt contraction of the pres-
ent volume of paper currency might not be
advisable, and with the ever-present interest
of the Treasury urging the maintenance of an
easy money market, there is no danger of its
occurrence; but a moderate and persistent con-
traction of the flood within its old. embank-
ments is advisable in order to restore health
and vigor to languishing industries and _ in
order to build up our greatness as a nation
upon that impregnable foundation for which
the material, not more precious than solid,
has been placed by Providence within our
reach, and in greater abundance than is to be
found in all other countries beside. We have
just emerged from a most expensive war, and
ought to exhibit that spirit which success justly
inspires, grappling with the financial difficulties
remaining as part of our inheritance with the
courage that conquers, and thus secure the
vital interests of our own people while we
challenge the respect of foreign nations.
Mr. MERCUR obtained the floor.
Mr. SCOFIELD. My colleague yields to
me to move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Welker
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the Union generally under consideration,
and particularly the President's annual mes-
sage, and had come to no resolution thereon.
captain j. tiiosias turner.
Mr. DELANO moved that the Committee
of Claims be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition and papers of J.
Thomas Turner, for pay for travel from Balti-
more to San Francisco, and that the same be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
tax on cotton.
Mr. TRIMBLE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, Thattho Qommittefe of Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of re-
pealing the tax on cotton, if by them deemed expedi-
ent; and that they be instructed to inquire into th'e
expediency of permitting the cotton to be removed
to market without bond, the tax to be there paid as
provided; and to report by bill or otherwise.
militia.
Mr. PAINE, from the Committee on tlie
Militia, by unanimous consent, reported a bill
to provide for organizing, arming, and dis-
ciplining the militia, and for other purposes ;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be printed, and recommitted.
removal of protestant church at rome.
Mr. DODGE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be, and is hereby, requested, if not inconsistent with
the public interests, to communicate to the House of
Bcpresentatives any information which may have
been received by the Government in relation to the
removal of the Protestant Church or Eeligious As-
sembly meeting at the American Embassy at the city
of Some, by the order of that Government.
And then, on motion of Mr. ALLISOJT, (at
five o'clock p. rn.,) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c„ were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By the SPEAKER.: The petition of Daniel Warner,
J. G. AYooster, and 25 others, of Cornwall, Vermont,
relative to protection of the woolen interests.
By Mr. BROOMALL: The petition of citizens of
Delaware county, Pennsylvania, remonstrating
against the passage of any law for the more rapid
curtailment of the currency, and against requiring
national banks to redeem their issues in New York.
By Mr. CHAVES: The petition of William Breeden,
attorney for Jos? Pablo Gallegas, Juan JoseGallegas,
and Manuel A. Otero, for expenses of organizing the
New Mexico militia. ,
By Mr. COOK: The petition of citizens of La Salle
county, Illinois, praying that the national bank cur-
rency be retired from circulation, and its place
supplied by Treasury notes. . .
By Mr. EGGLESTON: The petition of E. Gest, of
Cincinnati, in favor of contracting the currency and
of substituting greenbacks for national bank cur-
r0Also, the memorial of 300 eigtar manufacturers of
Cincinnati, praying for a specific and uniform tax on
domestic cigars of five dollars per thousand.
Also, the petition of Miles Greenwood, and 20
others, consumers of steel for machinery, protesting
against an increase of duty on imported steel.
By Mr. ELIOT: The petition of Joshua Scars, and
others, of Barnstable, Massachusetts, salt manufac-
turers, praying for protection for domestic salt.
By Mr. 1'INCK: The petition of Eleanor Starling,
mother of Cephas C. Starling, deceased, praying for
a pension. . . . .
By Mr. HARDING, of Illinois: A petition for mail
route from Kock Inland to Stirling, in Illinois.
By Mr. HISE: The petition of Robert B. Martin,
and others, against curtailment of the national cur-
riByMr. HUBBARD, of New York: The petition of
William Wciler, and 13 others, manufacturers and
journeymen cigar-makers, citizcns of Norwich, ^cw
York, representing that the present system of taxa-
tion is productive of gross fraud and is destructive to
them and their business, and praying that Congress
will give a favorable consideration to their state-
ments and so amend the law as to remedy the evils
of which thev coraplmn. . ^
By Mr. JOHNSON: The petition of Charles E.
Buck, for relief.  
Bv Mr. MARVIN: The petition of citizens of Fort
Plain, Montgomery county. New York, praying for a
reduction of the national currency.
By Mr. O'NEILL: The petition, numerously sifned
by manufacturers of cotton and woolen goods in the
city of Philadelphia, praying that tho burden of tax-
ation may he lessened, that the five per cent, tax on
goods maybe repealed, and that a drawback ot three
per cent, per pound 011 cotton may be refunded to the
manufacturer, that all articles of luxury not pro-
duced in the United States may be taxed, and that
there may be speedy action on the part ot Congress
so that the mills and factories may be m lull opera-
tXBy Mr. PAINE: A memorial of the Chamber of
Commerce of Milwaukee, praying that the internal
revenue law may be so amended that u higher tax
shall not be imposed upon time-paper than upon
sight paper.
By Mr. SAWYER: The petition of LuciusE. Mar-
shall, of Harrisville Marquette county, Wisconsin,
praying for the passage of a law-authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to issue to the petitioner a duplicate
discharge.
Also, the petition of A. K. Brush, of Waukau, Win-
nebago county, Wisconsin, and 30 others, praying tor
the impeachment of Andrew Johnson, Vice Presi-
dent, and act.inaf President of the United States.
By Mr. STOKES: The memorial of L. S. Trow-
bridge, of Tennessee, asking for the passage of an act
authorizing the President to appoint three commis-
sioners to settle the claims of the East Tennessee and
Virginia and the East Tennessee and Georgia Rail-
road Companies.
By Mr. VAN AERNAM: The petition of Private
John Law, praying Congress to grant him a pension
for loss of arm, resulting from a railroad accident
while on his wiy home as a furloughed prisoner of
war.
Also, a communication of Governor Fenton, for-
warding statement of a committee of the citizens of
Dunkirk, New York, of the condition of the Dunkirk
harbor, and urging the necessity of an appropriation
therefor.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts: The peti-
tion of Philip Martin, and others, soldiers of the war
of 1812, residing in Franklin county, Massachusetts,
asking that a pension be granted to all the soldiers
of the war of 1812.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of David
Goodwillie, of Chicago, Illinois, praying that Congress
may grant American registers to certain vessels.
Also, the petition of David Muir, of Chicago, for
a change of registry to certain vessels.
By Mr. WILSON, of Iowa: The petition of Smith,
Scott & Co., and others, citizens of Burlington, Iowa,
for a change in the tax on cigars.
Also, the memorial of the city of Burlington, Iowa,
relative to a traet of land in that city belonging to
the United States.
Also, the petition of W. M. Gayler, and 65 others,
citizens of Hillsboro, Henry county, Iowa, for the
impeachment of Andrew Johnson.
By Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania: The petition
of James M. English, of English Center, Lycoming
county, Pennsylvania, praying Congress to grant him
a warrant for a tract of land eighteen miles square
in some of the valleys of the Roftky mountains, to be
selected by him, to be stocked by him with the best
breeds of fine wooled sheep that can be procured;
and also to introduce the Cashmere, Persian, An-
gora, and Circassian goats.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 25,1867.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
credentials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
the credentials of Hon. Simon Cameron, elected
by the Legislature of Pennsylvania a Senator
from that State for the term commencing March
4, 18G7; which were ordered to be placed on
the files of the Senate.
the constitutional amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from A. J. Bore-
man, Governor of West Virginia, transmitting
an authenticated copy of a resolution adopted
by the Legislature of that State ratifying the
amendment proposing a fourteenth articlc to
the Constitution of the United States; which
was ordered to lie upon the table.
petition's and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
resolutions of the Soldiers' and Sailors' Union,
of Washington city, District of Columbia, ask-
ing for an increase of the pay of clerks and
others in the employ of the Government*, which
were ordered to lie upon the table.
He also presented resolutions of the Soldiers'
and Sailors' Union, of Washington city, in favor
of the passage of a law allowing all persons to
draw their full pensions during the continuance
of the law prohibiting the payment of pensions
to those holding a civil office ; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, in favor of the passage of
Senate bill No. 489, to provide for giving the
right of preemption to settlers on the Chero-
kee neutral lands, and for other purposes j
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands. . .
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Ivansas, in favor of the extension of
the benefits of the homestead law to the set-
tlers on the lands recently purchased from the
