122
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 13,
Ho. of Reps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Rice.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
plished here to any great extent; these Halls
are not peculiarly dedicated to deeds of charity
and Christian benevolence. It is easier for
us to
" Let slip the dogs of war"
than to bind up the wounds of the suffering,
light up the minds of the benighted, and feed
the mouths of the hungry; but surely in exe-
cuting justice we may as far as possible dis-
criminate against those who "sin against light
and knowledge," and in favor of the poor and
the suffering. While I will go as far as any one
upon this floor in the just punishment of the
former, I am free to confess that my heart
opens in sympathy toward the latter in their
dire distress. Now is the time for the great
pulsating, benevolent heart of the North to
pour out the warmth of its love upon the suf-
fering poor in our own land, and to thrust its
broaa, generous hands deep down into its ca-
pacious pockets and from thence draw out and
distribute generous supplies for their shivering
bodies and their hungry mouths, and this with-
out inquiring as to their past offenses, but only
as to their immediate needs.
I hail with intense satisfaction the great deed,
the munificent gift, the generous act of the
distinguished philanthropist, Mr. George Pea-
body, in placing in the hands of trustees more
than two million dollars for "the educational
needs of those portions of our beloved and
common country which have suffered from
the destructive ravages and the not less disas-
trous consequences of civil war." I hope
that others who have the ability may make
additions to that fund; and that it may go on
accumulating and distributing its blessings until
every child in the sunny South, "without dis-
tinction of race or color," shall be able to read
and understand the noble letter through which
the great gift was made and the trust created.
Such will be for the "healing of the nation."
Mr. Speaker, I will with the permission of the
House have printed as a part of my remarks,
the correspondence which consummated this
grand transaction, so that it shall be preserved
forever in the annals of the nation, and made
a sweet place of rest for the weary student while
plodding through the ponderous tome. An
oasis, the one green spot, amid an infinite
waste of words.
To Hon. Robert C. Winthrop, of Massachusetts;
Hon. Hamilton Fish, of New York; Bight Rev.
Charles P. Mcllvaino, of Ohio; General U. S.
Grant, of the United States Army; Hon. William
C. Rives, of Virginia; Hon. John H. Clifford, of
Massachusetts; Hon. William Aiken, of South
Carolina; William M. Evarts, esq.. of New York;
Hon. William A. Graham, of North Carolina;
Charles Macalester, of Pennsylvania; George W.
Riggs. esq., of Washington; Samuel Wetmore,
csq.^ of New York; Edward A.Bradford, esq,, of
Louisiana; George N. Eaton, esq., of Maryland,
and George Peabody Russell, esq., of Massachu-
setts:
Gentlemex: I beg to address you on a subject
which occupied my mind long before I left England,
and in regard to which one, at least, of you (Hon.
Mr. Winthrop, the distinguished and valued friend
to whom I am so much indebted for cordial sympa-
thy, careful consideration, and wise counsel in this
matter) will remember that I consulted him imme-
diately upon my arrival in May last.
I refer to the eduoational needs of those portions
of our beloved and common country which have
suffered from the destructive ravages, and the not
less'disastrous consequences of civil war.
With my advancing years my attachment to my
native land has but become moredevoted. My hope
and faith in its successful and glorious future have
grown brighter and stronger, and now, looking for-
ward beyond my stay on earth, as may be permitted
t* one who has passed the limit of threescore and ten
years, I see our country united and prosperous, ,
emerging from the clouds which still surround her, |
taking a higher rankamong the nations and becom- i
ing.richer and more powerful than ever before. I
But to make her prosperity more than superficial, ;
her moral and intellectual development should keep
pace with her material growth, and in those portions
of our nation to which I have referrred, the urgent
and pressing physical needs of an almost impov-
erished people must for some years preclude them
from making, by unaided effort, such advances in
education, and such progress in the diffusion of
knowledge among all classes, as every lover of his
country must earnestly desire.
I feel most deeply, therefore, that it is tho duty
and privilege of the more favored and wealthy por-
tions of our nation to assist those who are less fortu-
nate, and, with the wish to discharge so far as I may
bo able my own responsibility in this matter, as well
as to gratify my desire to aid those to whom i am
hound by so many ties of attachment and regard, I
give to you, gentlemen, most of whom hare been my
personal and especial friends, the sum of $1,000,000,
to be by you and your successors held in trust, and
the income thereof used and applied in your discre-
tion for the promotion and encouragement of intel-
lectual, moral or industrial education among the
young of the more destitute portions of the southern
and southwestern States of our Union; my purpose
being that the benefits intended shall be distributed
among the entire population, without other distinc-
tion than their needs and the opportunities of use-
fulness to them.
Besides the income titus derived, I give to you per-
mission to use from the principal sum, within the
next two years, an amount not exceeding forty per
cent.
In addition to this gift I place in your hands ]
bonds of the State of Mississippi, issued to the 1
Planters' Bank, and commonly known as Planters'
Bank bonds, amounting, with interest, to about
eleven hundred thousand dollars, the amount real-
ized by you from which is to be added to and used
for the purposes of this trust. These bonds were ori-
ginally issued in payment for stock in that bank held
by the State, and amounted in all to only $2,000,000.
For many years the State received large dividends
from that bank over and above the interest on these
bonds. The State paid the interest without inter-
ruption till 1840, since which no interest has been
paid, except a payment of about one hundred thou-
sand dollars, wnie;h was found in the treasury, appli-
cable to the payment of the coupons, and paid by a
mandamus of the Supreme Court. The validity of
these bonds has never been questioned, and they
must not be confounded with another issue of bonds
made by the State to the Union Bank, the recog-
nition of which has been a subject of controversy
with a portion of the population of Mississippi.
Various acts of the Legislature.namely, of Feb-
ruary 28, 1842; February 23,1844; February 16,1846;
February 28, 1840; March 4, 1848, and tho highest
judicial tribunal of tho State have confirmed their
validity, and I have no doubt that at an early day
such legislation will be had as to make these bonds
available in increasing the usefulness of the present
trust.
Mississippi, though now depressed, is rich in agri-
cultural resources, and cannot long disregard the
moral obligation resting upon her to make provision
for their payment. In confirmation of what I have
said in regard to the legislative and judicial action
conccrning the State bonds issued to the Planters'
Bank I herewith place in your hands the documents
marked A.
The details and organization of the trust I leave
with you, only requesting that Mr. Winthroa may
be chairman and Governor Fish and BishopTVlcIl-
vaine vice chairmen of your body. And I give to
you power to make all necessary by-laws and regu-
lations, to obtain an act of incorporation if any shall
be found expedient, to provide for the expenses of
the trustees and of any agents appointed by them,
and generally to do all such acts as maybe necessary
for carrying out the provisions of this trust.
AH vacancies occurring in your number by death,
resignation, or otherwise, shall be filled by your
election, so soon as conveniently may be, and having
in view an equality of representation so far as regards
the northern and southern States.
I furthermore give to you tho power, in case two
thirds of the trustees shall at any time after the lapse
of thirty years deem it expedient, to close this trust,
and of the funds which at that time shall be in tho
hands of yourselves and your successors, to distribute
not less than two thirds among such educational or
literary institutions, or for such educational purposes
as you and they may determine in the States for
whoBe benefit the income is now appointed to be
used. The remainder may be distributed by the
trustees for educational or literary purposes where
ever they may deem it expedient.
In making this gift, I am aware that the fund
derived from it can but aid the States which I wish
to benefit, in their own exertions to diffuse the bless-
ings of education and morality. But if this endow-
ment shall encourage those now anxious for the light
of knowledge, and stimulate to new efforts the many
good and noble men who cherish the high purpose
of placing pur great country foremost, not only in
power, but in the intelligence and virtue of her citi-
zens, it will have accomplished all that I can hope.
With reverent recognition of the need of the bless-
ing of Almighty God upon this gift, and with the
fervent prayer that under His guidance your coun-
sels may be directed for the highest good of present
and future generations in our beloved country, I am,
gentlemen, with great respect, your humble servant,
GEORGE PEABODY.
Washington, February 7,1867.
Upon the receipt of the above letter by Hon. Rob-
ert C. Winthrop, a meeting of the gentlemen named
in it was called to consider the matter, whereupon
the following resolutions were presented by Bishop
Mcllvaine, of Ohio, and signed by those trustees
present in Washington:
Whereas our honored countryman and friend,
George Peabody, has, in a letter just communicated
to the undersigned, made known his determination,
out of a grateful sense of the manifold goodness with
whioh God has prospered his life, and of an earnest
desire to promote the best interests of his fellow-citi-
lens, to devote a munificent donation of property for
certain most wise and beneficent uses, indicated in
said letter, and has requested us to take in trust the
charge and management of the same: Therefore,
Resolved, That the undersigned, being the trustees
assembled in Washington, deeply sensible of the
honor conferred on them by a trust of such emi-
nent importance and responsibility, and realizing
their dependence upon the guidance and blessing ot
God to be enabled to discharge its duties with such
wisdom and faithfulness as may best secure the be-
nevolent designs of tho gift, do hereby accept the
office of trustees of the same, and promise our best
exertions in its behalf.
Resolved, That wo hereby express to Mr. Peabody
our grateful appreciation of the enlarged and unpre-
cedented generosity which, after having bestowed on
the poor of the city of London a bounty that drew
forth tho admiration of Europe, and after having
exceeded the same in his recent return to his native
land in benefactions to institutions of learning and
education in the middle and eastern States of the
Union, has now crowned the whole with this last deed
of patriotism and loving kindness so eminently cal-
culated to bind together the several parts of our
beloved country in tho best bonds of mutual well-
doing and regard.
Resolved, That we express to Mr. Peabody  ur
respectful and affectionate prayer that in the gracious
providence of our Heavenly Father his valuable life
may be long spared to witness the success of his be-
nevolent contributions to the happiness of his fellow-
citizens in all parts of his nativeund beloved land,
and that many of those whom God has blessed with
large possessions may be induced to follow his example
of wise and noble employment of wealth for the good
of man and the glory of God.
ROBERT C. WINTHROP.
CHARLES P. McILVAINE,
U. S. GRANT,
General United States Army,
WILLIAM AIKEN,
WILLIAM M. EVARTS.
C. MACALESTER,
GEORGE W. RIGGS,
SAMUEL WETMORE,
GEORGE N. EATON,
GEORGE PEABODY RUSSELL..
Mr. Speaker, I for one would willingly vote
to donate from the public Treasury an equal
sum for a like purpose were it not that it might
be invoked as a precedent in the future for
similar appropriations. As a plan of recon-
struction it would be far more effective and
largely less expensive than "an army with
banners." I have no earthly doubt that
$5,000,000, judiciously expended for the re-
lief of the actual sufferings of the people of
the South, would do more to reconcile and
restore them and the States to amicable rela-
tions with the Government than twenty times
that sum expended in the execution of meas-
ures like this now before the House. But, sir,
I have been led away from the line of my argu-
ment into theories which may be regarded by
some as weak and impracticable, and perhaps
by' some others as trenching close upon the
confines of political heresy.
When I "ran off the track" I was about to
say that our great battle must be fought with
the Democratic party for a division of the
southern people into political parties, and that
the abolition of slavery rendered that a natural
and an easy thing to do. Upon the basis of
the constitutional amendment, notwithstanding
its present rejection, I believe, together with
other reasonable conditions, that more than
one half of the southern States could be car-
ried for the Union candidates in the next presi-
dential election. The Democrats rely upon
their old game of representing themselves as
exclusively the friends of the South and of the
southern people; and the strongest possible
argument against the intelligence of the people
there is that they succeed so well in making
them believe it, when in fact they were before
the war, during the war, and are now their
greatest enemies. If that party or the Presi-
dent had declared in favor of the amendment
it would have been carried, and the southern
States might have been represented here to-
day in accordance with the expressed will of
the_ northern people in their most emphatic
action at the polls.
If all other measures fail, as they may fail
in this Congress and in the first session of the
next, we should in my judgment make avigorous
effort to carry a part of the southern States for
the amendment by a direct appeal to the people.
I believe this may be done and thus destroy
the power of the Democratic party, which after
