1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1493
of the war," and had been twice beaten since
for a place here by the loyal people of my dis-
trict, and who, in the canvass of 1864, could
make use of expressions like the following:
" The Republican party has renominated for
the presidency Abraham Linaoln, and if they
had taken the devil from the fames of hell
they could not have done worse," in a public
speech and in the hearing of two thousand
people, ladies and gentlemen, of the highest re-
spectability.
A new distillery inspector was appointed,
and in a very short time thereafter the dis-
tillery, which before had been paying large
revenues to the Government, if I am not mis-
taken more than one half the entire revenue of
the district, was seized for violation of the
revenue laws by the Government authorities.
Mr. O'NEILL. Mr. Chairman, I wish to
occupy a minute or two in putting a further
fact upon the records of the House and en-
deavoring to illustrate by a circumstance which
came directly within my knowledge, why the
revenue laws are not efficiently carried out
and why the taxes of the Government are not
properly collected.
In the district which I have the honor to
represent upon this floor, within the last four
weeks, nine men, nine of the best, of the most
intelligent, the most upright and most indus-
trious in my district, were displaced from the
positions of assistant assessors simply for po-
litical purposes. I make that charge against
the Secretary.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. Allisok's amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted. That every per-
son, firm, or corporation who distills or manufactures
spirits dr alcohol from grain, who brews or makes
mash, wort, or wash, for distillation or the production
of spirits, shall be deemed a distiller under this act.
And the making or keeping by any person of gram,
mash, wash, or beer, prepared or fit for distillation,
together with the possession by such person of a still
or other apparatus capable of use for distilling, upon
the same premises, shall be deemed and taken as
presumptive evidence that such person is a distiller
within the meaning of this act.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved in
the third line to strike out '■ from grain; " in
the fifth line to strike out "under this act;
in the sixth line after the word " wash to
insert 11 wort j'' and in the tenth, and eleventh
lines to strike out "within the meaning of this
act."
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec 16. And be it further enacted, That eveij per
son firm, or corporation who rectifies, purifies, or
refines distilled spirits or wines by any Pr°°ess.°r
who. by mixing distilled spirits or wine with otner
materials, manufactures any spurious, imitation, or
compound liquors for sale, under the nam? of^his-
kv brandy, gin, rum, wine, spirits, or wine bit
ter's,"or any other name, shall be regarded as a recti-
fier under this act.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 17. And be it, further enacted, That if any pey
son shall carry on the business of a distiller 01 leeti-
fier without having paid the special tax, as required
by law, he shall for every such offense be liable to a
fine of not less than double the tax imposed upon the
spirits distilled, or double the special tax due for the
spirits rectified by such person or found wontii.
nron-rises hereinafter mentioned, ana to "£piison
merit for a term not less than one nor more than two
years; and all spirituous liquors so B"
tied 01' owned by sucli person, or found as hereinaf-
ter mentioned and all materials lor making or pre
parSg the same, and all vessels containing tie same,
all stills or other apparatus capable oi bei^j|
used for distilling, owned by such person, or fount.
such offense is committed.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. IS. And be it further enacted, That every per
son engaged in, or intending to be engaged in, the
KSiScss of a distiller or rectifier, shall give notice m
writing subsci ibed by him, to the assessor of the dis-
trict within which such business is to be earned Qn,
lb? as
tilling orrectifying. In case of a distiller, the notice
shall also state the kind of stills, boilers, and other
implements to be used, and the capacity of each. In
case of any change in the location, form, capacity,
ownership, agency, or superintendence of such dis-
tillery, stills, boilers, or other implements, like notice
shall be given, as aforesaid, within twenty-four hours
of such change. Such person shall also give bond,
in form to be prescribed by the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue, with sureties approved by the col-
lector of the district, who may approve the same if
he shall be satisfied, by affidavits made on said bond,
of the sufficiency of said sureties, conditioned that
he will comply with all the requirements of the law
in relation to distilled spirits. The penal sum of
such bond shall not be more than double the amount
of the tax on the spirits that can be distilled by such
still or stills or other implements during a period of
fifteen days. Said collector shall refuse to approve
said bond when, in his judgment, the incumbrances
upon the distillery and premises .are such as to im-
pair the security for the collection of the tax, or
when the location of the distillery would enable the
distiller to defraud the revenue; and in case of such
refusal, the distiller may appeal to the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, whose decision in the matter
shall be final. A new bond may be required in case
of the death, insolvency, or removal of either of the
sureties, or in any other contingency, at the discre-
tion of the collector. Any person failing or refusing
to give the notice or bond hereinbefore required, or
giving a false or fraudulent notice, shall be liable
to the fine and forfeitures provided in the last pre-
ceding section.
Mr. ALLISON" moved in line three to strike
out- "and rectifier;" in line eight to strike
out "or rectifying," and in line eleven to
strike out "of each" and insert "thereof,
meaning thereby the total number of wine
gallons of spirits which the entire distillation
is capable of producing in each day of twenty-
four hours."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 19. And he it further enacted, That no person
shall use any still, boiler, or other vessel, for the pur-
pose ot distilling in any building or on any premises
where beer, lager beer, ale, porter, or other fermented
liquors, vinegar, or either, are manufactured or pro-
duced, or where sugars orsyrups are refined, or where
liquors of any description are retailed, or any otner
business is carried on, or in any dwelling-house; and
every person who shall use such still, boiler, or other
vessel, for the purpose of distilling, as aforesaid, in
any building or other premises where the above
specified articles are manufactured, produced, or
other business is carried on, or m any dwelling-house,
or who shall procure the same to bo done, shall
forfeit such stills, boilers, or other vessels so used,
and ail the spirits distilled, and pay a. fine of 61,000,
and be imprisoned for not less than six months nor
more than one year, in the discretion of the court;
and any person who shall manufacture any still,
boiler, or other vessel, to be used for the purpose ot
distilling, shall, before the same is removed from the
placo ot manufacture, notify the collector where
such still, boiler, or other vessel is to be used or sent,
and by whom it is to be used, and of its capacity,
and the time when the same is to be sent or set up;
and no such still, boiler, or other vessel shall be set
up without the permit in writing of the collector tor
that purpose; and any person who shall setup.sueh
still boiler, or other vessel, without first obtaining a
permit from the collector of the district in.which
such still, boiler, or other vessel is intended to be
used, or who shall fail to give such notice, shall pay
in cithor case the sum of &>00, and shall forfeit the
distilling apparatus thus removed or sot up m viola-
tion'of law; Provided, That saleratusmay be made
or manufactured in any building or on any premises
where spirits are distilled: Provided Jurthet, ihat
any boiler used in generating steam or heating water
to be used in such distillery may be located in any
other building or on any other premises to be con-
nected with such still or boiling tubs, by suitable
nines or other apparatus, or the steam nom such
boUer hi the distillery may be conveyed to other
premises so used for manufacturing or other pur-
poses. , .
Mr HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved m
line three to insert "distilled spiritsin line
three after "premises," to insert lot,
iarm,
or tract of land adjoining and owned bv such
person;" and in line five to strike out there
are" and insert "there is."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DARLING. I move in line twenty to
strike out " such'' and insert •' any.''
Mr HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I am not
certain that is correct. "Such" refers to
"Any" refers to any still
anywhere. I withdraw the amendment, how-
eVMr. ALLISON. I ask that this section be
reserved for future amendment
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
The Clerk read as follows:
SEC 20. And be it further enacted, That every per-
son making or distilling spirits, or owning any still*
boiler, or other vessel used for the purpose of distill-
ing spirits, or having such still, boiler, or other vessel
so used under his superintendence, either as agent or
owner, or using any such still, boiler, or other vessel,
Shall, from day to day, make or cause to be made
daily true and exact entry in a book, to be kept in
such form as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
may prescribe, of the number of pounds or gallons
of materials usedfor thepurpose of producing spirits,
the number of proof gallons of spirits distilled, the
number of proof gallons placed in warehouse, and
the number of gallons sold, with the proof thereof,
and the name and place of business or residence of
theperson to whom sold; and shall also on the first,
eleventh, and twenty-first day of each" month, or
within five days thereafter, render to the assessor or
assistant assessor an account in duplicate, taken from
his books in the particulars hereinbefore recited, and
verified by oath, of all the facts occurring after the
last day of account preceding. The entries to be
made in the books of the distiller as aforesaid shall,
upon the several days when the returns are made, as
provided, be verified by oath or affirmation of the
person or persons by whom such entries shall have
been made, in the presence of the assessor or assist-
ant assessor, or otner proper officer, who shall ap-
pend thereto his certificate of the execution of the
same. Tho owner, agent, or superintendent of any
distillery shall, in case the original entries required
to be made in his books b^ this act shall not have
been made by himself, subjoin to the certificate or
the person by whom they were made the following
oath or affirmation: " I do certify that to the best ot
my knowledge and belief the foregoing entries are
just and true, and that I have taken all the' means
in my power to make them so.' Said book shall
always be open for the inspection of any assessor,
assistant assessor, collector, deputy collector, rev-
onue agents, or inspectors, and any premises where
distilling shall be carried on shall be open to said
officers, or either of them, at all times. Any person
who shall violate the provisions of this section shall
for every such offense oe liable to afine of $500. Any
person who shall render an account under the Pro-
visions of this section which shall be false or fraudu-
lent shall bo liable to a fine of not less than S500, and
to imprisonment not less than six months.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to strike out the
word "and," in line thirty-two, and to insert
in line thirty-three, after the word "so," the
following:
And that no moro spirits than are entered therein
hav® been distilled at the distillery during the time
covered by suoli entries.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I move to amend by
adding the following:
And tho Secretary of tho Treasury shall appoint
inspectors for all establishments for redistilling or
rectifying, the same as are now appointed tor dis-
tillers.
I simply desire to state that it was announced
by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
that the law as it now stands authorizes the
appointment of inspectors. My understanding
was then, and is still, that he was mistaken.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman misun-
derstood me.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I put the question
directly to him, and he insisted that the law
did authorize the appointment of inspectors
for these rectifying establishments or redis-
tilling establishments, if there are any such.
I can see no reason for making a difference
between distillers and rectifiers. _ These par-
ties who are committing frauds m the rectiii-
cation or redistillation should be detected and
punished the same as you detect and punish
frauds in distillation.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. inat
amendment does not come in here properly;
we have got past the provision to which it
^mT'fARQUHAR. I hope the gentleman
will not defeat the proposition by an excuse
of that kind. ...
Mr. BROOMALL. I move to strike out the
word "certify," in line thirty, a,nd substitute
therefor the words "swear (or affirm,) so as
to make it conform to the previous language.
It is an oath, and the language should be
do swear (or affirm,)" andnot I do certify.
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows :
q.p p oi And be it further enacted, That the owner of
any distillery shall provide
T^frnaie or permitted in the walls thereof,
leading to™ ny othenroom or building used for any
