1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
720
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 918) making appropria-
tions for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment during the fiscal year ending June 30,
1868, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Finance.
PENSION AGENTS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Messrs. Lane, Trumbull, and Buckalew as
the committee of conference on the part of
the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (S. No. 69) to provide for
the payment of pensions.
notice of a bill.
Mr. WILSON gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to increase and
equalize the pay of officers of the Army of the
United States, and for other purposes.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
635) for the benefit of Mrs. Jerusha Page;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 536) further to amend an act entitled "An
act for the collection of direct taxes in the
insurrectionary districts within the United
States, and for other purposes," approved
June 7, 1862; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 537) for the relief of Harriet W. Pond;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. POLAND asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce-a bill (S.
No. 538) for the relief of the widow and chil-
dren of Henry E. Morse; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. FOWLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 539) to expedite the construction of the
Southern Pacific railroad; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 213) to extend the provisions of the
act in regard to agricultural colleges to the
State of Tennessee, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
habeas corpus.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that.the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
755.
The motion was agreed to: and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 755)
amendatory of an act to amend an act entitled
"An act relating to habeas corpus and regula-
ting judicial proceedings in certain cases,"
approved May 11, 1866.
The bill provides that whenever any suit or
prosecution which has been or may be com-
menced in any State court, and which the
defendant is authorized to have removed from
that court to the circuit court of the United
St^fes, under and by virtue of the provisions
Of an act relating to habeas corpus, and reg-
ulating judicial proceedings in certain cases,
approved March 3, 1863, or by virtue of the
act amendatory thereof, approved May 11,
1866, and all the acts necessary for the removal
of the cause to the circuit court shall have been
performed, and the defendant in any suit shall
bfc in actual custody on process issued by the
State court, it is to be the duty of the clerk of
the circuit court of the United States to issue
a writ of habeas corpus cum catisa; and it is to
be the duty of the marshal, by virtue of the
writ of habeas corpus, to take the body of the
defendant into his custody to be dealt with in
the circuit court according to rules of law, and
the orders of the court, or of any judge thereof
in vacation; and he is to file a duplicate copy
of the writ of habeas corpus with the clerk of
the State court in which the suit was com-
menced, or deliver the duplicate to the clerk
of the court; and all attachments made, and
all bail and other security given in any suit or
prosecution which has been or shall be removed
from any State court to the circuit court o&the
United States, in pursuance of law, is to be
and continue in like force and effect as if the
suit had proceeded to final judgment and exe-
cution in the State court.
Mr. JONHSON. Was that bill referred to
a committee and reported.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is re-
ported from the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state to the Sena-
tor from Maryland that the bill was reported
at the last session of Congress, and has been
on the Calendar ever since.
Mr. HENDRICKS. My recollection of this
bill is, that it only relates to cases in which
there has been an arrest in the State courts
and relieves from that arrest after proceedings
have been taken according to law to take the
case into the United States court. I did not
know the bill was to be called up this morning.
If that be its purpose I have no objection to
the bill. I will ask the chairman if it goes any
further? I suppose it does not go any fur-
ther.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think not. The bill
was before the committee at the last session
of Congress, and was reported without amend-
ment. It is a House bill—a very short bill,
containing only one section. The Senator will
see by running his eye over it how far it goes.
The only effect of the bill, as I understand it, is,
that where a suit is removed under the law as
it exists from a State to the United States
court, and the defendant is in custody under
the authority of the State court, a writ of ha-
beas corpus may be issued by the Federal court
for the purpose of bringing the party into that
court. I think that is the extent of the bill, as
I recollect it; I have not examined it very care-
fully this morning. I presume there will be no
objection to it. If a case is removed or au-
thorized to be removed, as the law now stands,
of course the custody of the party should go
along with the case. I do not think there can
be any objection to it.
Mr. JOHNSON: The honorable chairman,
I have no doubt, is right as to the extent of the
bill. I think I concurred in the committee in
reporting in favor of it. It does not enlarge
the class of cases which 8.re removed from the
State courts to the court of the United States.
But the law as it stands now does not provide
for what either has happened or may happen,
the case of an arrest and confinement under
arrest under the authority of the State court.
The whole object of this bill is to bring the
propriety of those arrests before the United
States circuit court, to whom the case itself
is to be transferred under the existing law. My
friend from Indiana, I think, will concur in the
bill if he will look at it carefully. It does
nothing more than give the circuit court au-
thority to ascertain whether there is a cause
for the arrest or not.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I thought so, and I
interposed no objection to the bill with that
understanding. That is my impression of it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordei-ed to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 213) to
extend the provisions of the act in regard to
agricultural colleges to the State of Tennessee
'was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
REWARDS TO PRISONERS FOR GOOD CONDUCT.
Mr. HARRIS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 460.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 460) in relation to
persons imprisoned under sentence for offenses
against the laws of the United States.
Mr. HARRIS. The Committee on the Ju-
diciary have reported an amendment to the
bill in the nature of a substitute, and I pre-
sume it will only be necessary to read the sub-
stitute.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The sub-
stitute only will be read unless some Senator
asks for the reading of the original bill.
The Secretary read the amendment of the
committee, which was to strike out all after
the enacting clause of the bill and to insert
the following in lieu thereof:
That all prisoners who have been, or shall here-
after be, convicted of any offense against the laws
of the United States, and confined in any State prison
or penitentiary in execution of the judgment or sen-
tence upon such conviction, who so conduct them-
selves that no charge for misconduct shall be sus-
tained against them, shall have a deduction of one
month in each year made from the term of their sen-
tence, and shall be entitled to their discharge so
much the sooner, upon the certificate of the warden
or keeper of such prison or penitentiary, with the
approval of the Secretary of the Interior.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That it shall be
the duty of the respective district judges of the sev-
eral districts of the United States to cause this law
to be executed, and to receive and pass upon the evi-
dence authorized by the said State laws, and to give
and furnish to the warden or other keeper of the
prison the proper certificate, warrant, or authority
for thedischareeof any convict imprisoned, as afore-
said, upon a conviction under the United States laws,
before the expiration of the term of his sentence, or
for other mitigation of his punishment, in pursuance
of the provisions of the State laws aforesaid, and such
convict shall be thereupon discharged from impris-
onment or his punishment otherwise mitigated, as
the case shall require, in conformity to the said State
laws.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was eoncurrcd
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
MARYLAND COLLECTION DISTRICTS.
Mr. CRESWELL. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
347) to change certain collection districts in
Maryland and Virginia, have instructed me to
report it back with an amendment in the nature
of a substitute, and to ask that the bill as
amended may be put upon its passage. It will
take no time. If it leads to debate I shall not
press it to-day.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill'. The amendment reported by
the Committee on Commerce was to strike out
all after the enacting clause of the bill, and to
insert the following in lieu thereof:
That the districts of Oxford and Vienna in the
State of Maryland be, and the same are hereby,
abolished, and the office of collector of both Said
districts is hereby discontinued.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the district
of Oxford, in said State, shall be annexed to the dis-
trict of Baltimore, and all that part of the district of
Vienna in said State bordering on the sea-coast, and
all the waters which flow into the sea or bays on the
east side of said district of Vienna be, and the same
are hereby, annexed to the district of Cherry Stone,
in the State of Virginia; and that all the residue of
said district of Vienna be, and the same is hereby,
made a new district, to be called the eastern district:
and that the collector of said eastern district shall
receive an annual salary of $1,200, and shall reside at
Crisfield, which .shall be the port of entry for said
new district.
Sisc. 3. And be it further enacted, That the offices of
surveyor at Snow Hill and of deputy collector at An-
namasset be, and the same are hereby, discontinued,
and that the collector of the district of Cherry Stono
shall hereafter reside at Accomac Court-Houso,
which shall be the port of entry for the district.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all acts and
parts of acts inconsistent with this act are hereby
repealed.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask my friend and col-
league if this is reported at the instance of the
Secretary of the Treasury ?
Mr. CRESWELL. Yes, sir; I have a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury
recommending these changes.
Mr. JOHNSON. That will do.
Mr. CRESWELL. The bill has only been
changed in some local matters of detail, which
