124
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 16,
Senate.
Reconstruction—Mr. Davis.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
The third section prescribes the duties of the
commanding officers, and they are to protect
all persons in their rights of person and prop-
erty, te suppress insurrection, disorder, and
violence, and to punish or causc to be punished
all disturbers of the public peace and criminals;
and to enable them to perform this duty they
may allow the local civil tribunals to take juris-
diction of and try offenders, or when they deem
it necessary for the purposes of justice they may
organize military commissions or tribunals for
that purpose; and provides further that all
interference under color of state authority with
the exercise of military authority under the act
shall be null and void. Hence, sir, it will be
seen that under this bill the State governments
in the rebellious districts are simply permis-
sive so far as the administration of justice is
concerned. When under wholesome laws the
rightsof person and property are properly pro-
tected by the local courts military power does
not interfere, but when the loyal man, black or
white, is not protected in all his rights, either
by reason of unjust laws or disloyal public sen-
timent, then the officer in command erects his
military court and administers even justice to
all; and so, sir, it seems to me that during the
period of military occupation under the bill,
ample provisions and safeguards are established
for the protection of the persons, property, and
rights of loyal citizens, and that under no cir-
cumstances if the provisions of the bill are
faithfully executed can rebel supremacy or
rebel malignity trample upon the rights of the
loyal.
Such, sir, is my answer to the first objection
to the Senate amendment. It is, however,
further objected that under the provisions of
the fifth section suffrage and amnesty are
granted to the leading rebels. Sir, if I so
regarded it I would oppose the measure; for
never, never, until there have been many
works meet for repentance and growth in
grace for years, would I permit one of that
wicked, oath-breaking class either to hold an
office or to vote. But, sir, the bill is not
obnoxious to such criticism, and gentlemen
who adopt such a construction are in my judg-
ment mistaken. It is true that the fifth sec-
tion provides that when the people of any one
cf the rebellions States shall have formed a
constitution, &c., plainly implying that all
male citizens over twenty-one years of age
may vote for members of the convention by
which the constitution shall be framed ; but,
sir, does this grant suffrage to all? Not at all,
Bir. It simply grants to all the right which
has ever been held sacred in this country—
alike to the innocent and the guilty—namely,
the right of petition. It neither directly or by
implication grants suffrage or amnesty to lead-
ing rebels. Still, sir, I will favor an amend-
ment, if gentlemen consider such an amend-
ment important, providing that no person dis-
qualified from holding office under the third
section of the proposed constitutional amend-
ment shall vote for members of the convention
elected to form the State constitution.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I think I have shown
that under the military provisions of this bill
we secure protection to all the loyal people,
and the question now arises as to whetner the
bill provides a plan or platform whereby the
insurgent States may return to their allegiance
and a practical restoration to the Union upon
conditions that are just to them and safe for
ourselves. I think it does. It provides that
the State constitutions shall be in conformity
with the Constitution of the United States in
all respects; that it shall be ratified by a ma-
jority of the male citizens of the State, twenty-
one years old and upward, of whatever race,
color, or previous condition of servitude, who
have been resident of the State for one year
previous to voting upon the question of ratify-
ing such constitution, except they may be dis-
franchised for participating in the rebellion or
for felony; that the elective franchise shall be
guarantied to the black man as well as to the
white man; that the constitution shall be submit-
ted to Congresl for examination and approval;
that the Legislature elected under the consti-
tution shall adopt the proposed constitutional
amendments, and that said proposed amend-
■ ments shall have become a part of the Con-
stitution of the United States before any of
said States shall be restored to the Union and
become entitled to representation in Congress;
and that until all these conditions-precedent are
complied with, the military arm of the Govern-
ment shall be charged with the protection of
the person and property of every loyal citizen.
| The bill secures universal suffrage on the
i one hand, and on the other prevents any per-
son from holding any office, civil or military,
i State or Federal, who in the exercise of any
I prominent office had taken the oath to support
| the Constitution of the United States and then
engaged in rebellion or given aid or comfort
thereto. The future safety 8f the country
demands all these guarantees, and if they are
accepted by the rebellious States, fraternity
will follow and the future of the South will be
as bright and glorious as her past has been
wicked and oppressive.
Reconstruction.
SPEECH OF HON. GARRETT DAVIS,
of kentucky,
In the United States Senate,
February 16, 1867.
The Senate having under consideration as in Com-
mittee of the Whole the bill (H. R. No. 1143) to
provide for the more efficient government of the
insurrectionary States-
Mr. DAVIS said:
Mr. President : It is not my purpose to
attempt a discussion in detail of the bill under
consideration, or of the different propositions
to amend it, offered and suggested, or of the
twin measure, "A bill for the reestablishment
of civil government in the State of Louisiana.''
That work has been performed in so masterly
and complete a manner by Senators who have
preceded me in this debate, the revolting in-
justice and oppression contemplated by each
and all of these propositions have been pre-
sented by those Senators with so much distinct-
ness and fullness, and in such vivid colors, as
to render all further efforts to perform that
part of the work wholly superfluous. But I
state the proposition broadly, that Congress
has no constitutional authority, no power what-
ever to pass these or similar measures; and I
propose to state some principles and to read
some authorities in support of that position.
The Constitution is the source and the only
source of all the powers of Congress. If it be
invested with any that are not written down
expressly in the Constitution it is because
they are principles of national or maritime or
some other body of law, that are adopted and
embodied into the Government of the United
States by some language of that instrument.
How and by whom was the Constitution
made? The Colonies, by their Declaration of
Independence in 1776, each severally became
a sovereign and independent State, and each
for itself clothed with every political power
and every attribute of sovereignty possessed
by any nation.
The second of the Articles of Confederation
is in these words:
"Each State retains its sovereignty, freedom, and
independence, and every power, jurisdiction, and
right which is not by this Confederation expressly
delegated to the United States in Congress assem-
bled."
There are several other articles to the same
effect.
These Articles of Confederation did not form
a Government, but merely a league, leaving
each State possessed of its full sovereignty to
perform or not perform, according to its own
will, its engagements and duties to the Con-
federation. There was no mode of coercing
a defaulting State, except rations ultima, by
force of arms, as among independent nations.
It failed essentially to fulfill the purposes for
which the States had designed it. Every in-
telligent American felt the absolute necessity
of a more perfect Union of the States and a
vigorous Government to manage their affairs.
The Congress had no authority to call a con-
vention to take these subjects into considera-
tion ; and therefore the States voluntarily, and
! each by its separate action, chose delegates to
j meet together in this momentous consultation,
; in which the delegates from each State repre-
| sented a distinct and independent sovereignty.
| This Convention proceeded to form a plan of
union and government for all the States, and
to recommend its adoption by them. It pro-
vided for the formation of a common Govern-
ment with three separate and coordinate de-
partments, legislative, executive, and judiciary,
to which the States should delegate a part
of their sovereignty and powers, particularly
named, and chiefly in the organization of each
department, and which were appropriate to
enable the common Government to manage
the affairs of the United States with each other,
with foreign nations, and the Indian tribes.
Such a Government, being made for limited
purposes and by the grant of named powers
from States having the possession of all politi-
cal sovereignty, the whole of that sovereignty,
except what was thus transferred to the com-
mon Government or expressly placed in abey-
ance, remained with the States. The Sujpreme
Court has repeatedly decided that this was
an inherent principle of the Government. The
Constitution was adopted and became the Gov-
ernment of the United States by the action of
the people of each State in sovereign Conven-
tion. There was a provision that—
" The ratification of the conventions of nine States
shall be sufficient for the establishment of this Con-
stitution between the States so ratifying the same."
Each State being sovereign and possessed of
the perfect right and power to adopt or reject,
It could not be the Government or have any
obligation on any State until its adoption by
such State. North Carolina and Rhode Island
refused for a year or two to adopt the Consti-
tution, during which period each was a sepa-
rate and independent sovereignty and nation:
and if they had adhered to that position, and
had not been conquered by the other States,
would have so remained to this day.
The innate, but unexpressed principle, that
all powers not conferred by the Constitution
on the common Government, did not satisfy
our vigilant fathers, who at least valued as
much the rights which they had not delegated
by it to the General Government, and which
were to be exercised by each State for its own
domestic government, as they did the possession
and exercise by the common Government of
the powers with which it had been invested.
Therefore, the people of all the States added
this amendment to the Constitution:
"The powers not delegated to the United States by
tho Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States,
are reserved to the States respectively, or to the
people."
This principle has been frequently recognized
by the Supreme Court, both as inherent in the
original text of the Constitution, and as again
expressly established by the amendment which
I have read. In the case of Briscoe and others
against the Bank of the Commonwealth of
Kentucky that court says:
"The Federal Government is one of delegated
powers: all powers not delegated to it, or inhibited
to the States, are reserved to the States or to tho
people."—11 Petert, 259.
The same principle is as distinctly recognized
by that court in many other cases ; and among
them is that of the mayor, aldermen, and com-
monalty of the city of New York against Mien,
(11 Peters, 139,) in which the court says that—
"A State has"the same undeniable and unlimited
