1494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
other purpose, or into the distillery; and such ware-
house or room, when approved by the Secretary of
the Treasury, on report of the district collector, is
hereby declared to be a bonded warehouse of the
United States, and shall be used only for the storing
of spirits manufactured bytheowner, agent, or super-
intendent of such distillery, and shall be under the
custody of the inspector, as hereinafter provided;
and shall be kept locked up by the officer in charge,
at all times, except when he shall be present; and
tho tax on the spirits stored in such warehouse shall
be paid before removal from such warehouse, unless
removed in pursuance of law. And the owner of such
warehouse bhall execute ageneral bond to the "United
States, with two or more sureties, to be approved by
the collector; and such bond shall be for not less than
tho amount of taxes on the spirits to be covered
thereby, and in such form, and containing such con-
ditions, aa-shall be approved by the Secretary of the
Treasury, and shall be changed or renewed from
tune to time in regard to the amount and sureties
thereof as the collector, with tho approval of the
Secretary of the Treasury, may require.
Mr. McKEE. I move to strike out the
whole of the foregoing section on these
grounds: first, there is already a provision
in the law for bonded warehouses for storage
ol* whisky in each one of these districts; and
secondly, it compels every small distiller all
over the country to expend several hundred
dollars to build a bonded warehouse, when
within a mile of his distilleryperhagstheremay
be such an establishment already for the stor-
age of liquors.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted^ That the owner,
a?ent, or superintendent of any distillery established
as hereinbefore provided, shall erect, in a room or
building to be provided and used for that purpose,
and tor no other, two or more receiving cisterns, cach
to be at least of sufficient capacity to hold the spirits
distilled during the day of twenty-four hours, into
one of which shall bo conveyed each day tho spirits
manufactured in said distillery during that day; and
such cisterns shall be so constructed as to leave an
open space of at least three feet between the tops
i hereof and the floor or roof above, and of not less
i h;ni eighteen inches between tho bottoms thereof
and the floor below, and shall be separated in such a
manner as will enable the inspector to pass around
the same, and shall be connected with the outlet of
tho stills, boilers, or other vessels used for dibtilling
by suitable pipes or other apparatus, so constructed
as always to be exposed to the view of the inspector;
such cisterns and the room in which they aro con-
tained shall be in charge of and under tho lock and
seal of tho inspector; and on tho third day after the
spirits aro conveyed into suchcistorns the samoshall
bo drawn off into casks or other packages, under tho
supervision of the inspector, and shall bo immediately
inspected, gauged, and proved; and the casks or pack-
ages maikcd as herein provided shall bo removed
directly to tho bonded warehouse before mentioned;
Provided, That tho spirits may bo drawn off from
said cisterns at any tune previous to tho third day,
if so desired by tho owner, agent, or superintendent
of such distillery; and all locks and seals required by
law shall bo provided by tho Socretary of tho Treas-
ury, at tho expense of the owner of tho distillery or
warehouse, and the keys shall always be in the cus-
tody of the inspector or assistant inspector, or the
ofliccr having charge of tho distillery or warehouse.
McKEE. I
Mr. McKEE. I move to strike out the
whole of that section, and I desire to make a
few remarks in support of that motion. This
section provides for the building of receiving-
cisterns, which are to be connected by pipes
leading from the distillery into another depart-
ment outside, a department over which the
distiller has no control whatever. Now, sir,
the manner in which whisky is made through-
out my country requires the actual superin-
tendence of the distiller over the product of
his manufactory from the time it begins to run
until it stops. He has to be constantly there
to test the liquor. These men have not all
these improved scientific arrangements that
are contemplated in this bill, and it is not
probable they ever will have them. The
Treasury Department has not yet succeeded
in fixing upon any set of instruments by which
this thing of proof can be directly ascertained
without continued inspection.
A very large majority of the House, and I
think certainly a large majority of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, seem to possess
very little practical knowledge in regard to the
manner in which whisky is really made. They
are probably far better posted in regard to the
manner of destroying the article than the
manner of producing it.
This section, in addition to that, provides that
these cisterns shall not be under the control of
the distiller, so that he can have no knowledge
and no power of ascertaining whether he is
making whisky or not. It is not possible he
can ascertain or know anything in regard to it.
The section provides furthermore that the
spirit shall be run into this cistern continually
for three whole days. As I said before, the
distiller must constantly test this whisky, and
when it gets to a point which does not show
proof, then he must cut off the pipes, or the
whole whisky he is making will be ruined and
destroyed forever.
This system would destroy all the small
manufactories, and I trust, therefore, that the
section will be stricken out.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will only say that this
section is word for word the law as it now
stands, with the exception of three small
words, which have been stricken out to make
it more perspicuous.
Mr. McKEB. I understand that it is the old
law, and therefore I hope it will be stricken
out.
The question was taken on Mr. McKee's
motion, and there were—ayes 22, noes 10; no
quorum voting.
Mr. GARFIELD. I suggest that by general
consent the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky, to strike out this section, be agreed
to, and then we can have a vote upon it in the
House. [Cries of u Agreed."]
The question wasagaintakenj andtheamend-
ment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted, That there shall
be appointed by the Secretary of tke Treasury an
inspector fox every distillery established according
to law, who shall take an oath faithfully to perform
his duties; and who shall take an account of all the
meal, vegetable productions,molasses,sugar, or other
substances received into the distillery, or upon the
premises, and the quantity put into the mash tub or
otherwise used; and shall inspect, gauge, and prove
all tho spirits distilled, under sneh rules and regula-
tions as may be prescribed by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue; and shall take charge of the
bonded warehouse established for tho distillery in
conformity to law; and such warehouse shall bo in
the joint custody of such inspector and the owner
thereof, his agent or superintendent; and when any
spirits shall bo placed in such warehouse, an entry
therefor, in such form as shall be prescribed by reg-
ulations, shall immediately be made and signed by
the owner of said spirits, and shall have indorsed
thereon a certificate of tho inspector, that the spirits
mentioned havebeon duly inspected and received m
said warehouse, and such entry and certificate shall
be filed with the collector of the district; and said
inspector shall not engago in any other business
while employed as an inspector, and shall be paid
five dollars per day for the time during which he is
engaged; and tho amount of his compensation shall
be assessed by the assessor upon the distiller, and
returned to the collector monthly for collection. And
incase the duties of such inspector shall be greater
at any time thanho can perform, upon thejoint appli-
cation of the inspector and owner of such distillery,
the Secretary of the Treasury may appoint an assist-
ant inspector; and upon tho refusal of the distiller
to join in such application, the collector shall decide
as to such necessity; and such assistant inspector
shall qualify in tho samo manner and be subject to
tho same penalties as tho inspector, and ho shall be
paid in thesamomannerasthemspector,ataratenot
exceeding tho sum of three dollars per day while so
employed; and in case of disagreement as to the
necessity of retaining the services of such assistant,
between the owner ot the distillery and the inspector
the collector shall decide as to such necessity, and
his decision in the matter shall be final. And in case
of absence by sickness, or from any other cause, of
such inspector or assistant, the collector may desig-
nate a person to take temporary charge of such dis-
tillery and warehouse, who shall during such absence
perform tho duties, receivo the same rate of pay, and
bo paid in the same manner as said inspector or
assistant for the time he may be so employed: and
the owner, agent, or superintendent of any distillery
who shall use, cause or permit to be used, any mate-
rials for tho purpose of producing spirits or shall
distill or romove any spirits in the absence of the
inspector or assistant, shall forfeit and pay doublo
the amount of taxes on the spirits so produced, dis-
tilled, or removed, and, in addition thereto, be liable
to a fine of $1,000, to be recovered in the manner
provided for other penalties; and any person who
shall ship, transport, or remove any spirituous or fer-
mented liquors or wines, under any other than the
proper name or brand known to the trade as desig-
nating the kind and quality of the contents of the
casks or packages containing the same, or who shall
cause the same to be done, shall forfeit the same, and
shall, on conviction thereof, be subject to pay a fine
of 3500: Provided further, That such inspectors may
bo assigned to duty at other distilleries than those to
which they were respectively appointed.
with the advice and consent of the Senate;"
so that it will read :
That there shall be appointed by the Secretary
of the Treasury, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, an inspector for every distillery estab-
lished according to law, &c.
Mr. ALLISOK I suggest to the gentleman
that he better strike out the^rds "Secretary
of the Treasury" and insert "President of the
United States." I do not think the Secretary
of the Treasury could appoint officers by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate.
Mr. GAEFIELD. It cannot be done under
the Constitution.
Mr. J.L.THOMAS. I withdraw the amend-
ment. ,
Mr. McKEE. I move to strike out m lines
twenty-four, twenty-five, and twenty-six the
words "and the amount of his compensation
shall be assessed by the assessor upon the dis-
tiller, and returned to the collector monthly
for collection" and to insert in lieu thereof
'1 and the amount of compensation shall be
paid by the Government."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MILLER. I move to insert after the
word "law" in the third line the following
proviso:
And provided further. That such distillery as does
not manufacture more than two hundred gallons per
day no inspector shall be appointed, but the same to
be under the supervision of the assessor, to whom the
manufacturer shall make returns, under oath, ot the
daily transactions; and the expenses of the super-
vision to be borne by such manufacturer; not to
exceed, however, five dollars per day;, and that all
inspectors, appointed under the provisions of this
act. shall give bonds in the sum of not less than
81,000, with security, to be approved by the becretary
of the Treasury or assessor of the di&triot, for the
faithful discharge of his duty.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. I move to amend that
section by inserting after the word "Treas-
ury" in the second line the words "by and
I am willing to modify my amendment so as
to conform to that just adopted on motion of
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. McKee,]
so that this payment shall be made by the Gov-
ernment; but my main object is to dispense
with some of the inspectors in the sma\l>dis-
tilleries in the country, and to prevent irre-
sponsible persons from being appointed unless
they give security; because, as it now is, the
hardest cases in the country are appointed to
these offices, and they not only defraud the
Government, but everybody else.
Mr. CONKLING. I oppose the amend-
ment and ask for a vote upon it.
The amendment was disagreed to,
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to 'gtSKie out in
the second line the words "Secretary of the
Treasury" and insert in lieu thereof the words
"President of the United States, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate."
I would merely remark in regard to this
amendment that I would have been content to
associate the Senate with the Secretary of the
Treasury, but gentlemen of this House who
are lawyers, and very good ones, have enter-
tained doubts whether that could be done.
We all know that this office is a very import-
ant one, and 1 have reasons to know that men
are placed in offices of this sort who are en-
tirely incompetent and unworthy of trust and
who never could be confirmed by the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 24. And be it further enacted. That all dis-
tilled spirits shall, before the same are removed
from the distillery to the bonded warehouse, be in-
spected and proved by the inspector of tho distil-
lery, after the samo has been drawn into casks or
packages, each of not less capacity than twenty gal-
lons, wine measure, and said inspector shall mark
by cutting, branding, or otherwise, upon the cask or
package containing such spirits, m a manner to be
prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal .Rev-
enue, the quantity and proof of the contents of
such cask or package, with the date of inspection,
the collection district, the name of the inspector,
and the name of the distiller, and also the number
of each cask in progressive order, such progressive
number for every distiller, to begin with number
one with the first cask or package inspooted alter
this act takes effect, and subsequently with number
one with the first cask inspected on or after the 1st
day of January in each year, and no two or xnoro
casks warehoused in the same year by the same dis-
tiller shall be marked with the same number, and
no cask or package of spirits shall be taken there-
from on which has not been marked all the several
