732
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS
Having thus, as far as I am able, answered
by denying the fact that there was any great
value in the trade notwithstanding the recipro-
city treaty, ray honorable friend will permit
me to ask if fifty cents is a sufficient protection
for coal brought from this side of the pre-
scribed line, why the committee have charged
$1 50 upon coal that is brought from Europe.
* One would suppose that as it costs a great deal
more to bring coal from Liverpool than to
bring it from Nova Scotia, if there had been
any discrimination between the importation
from the two places, it would hare been a dis-
- crimination in favor of the Liverpool coal.
But that is not so ; and I might ask him, too,
why it is that the Committee charges $1 50
upon anthracite coal; wha.t is the purpose of
that 1 Is that for revenue ? That must be
answered in the negative, because no anthra-
cite coal is or can be imported; it is not to
be found anywhere within reasonable reach.
What is it put into the bill for, therefore ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is stricken out.
Mr. JOHNSON. I speak of the bill as it
originally stood. Why was it putin the bill?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will answer by and by.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable members
from Pennsylvania can answer that question.
It was apparently inserted for the purpose of
satisfying what it was supposed might be the
wants of the Pennsylvania miner. But why is
there a difference now (to ask it in another
form) between the duty imposed on coal im-
ported from this side of the prescribed line and
that imported from the other side? The only
answer that I think can be given is, that the
only coal that comes to the United States of
' this description is that which comes from this
side of the prescribed line. Then there is a
motive in it; and what is the motive? Is it
to encourage the foreign coal owner? Cer-
tainly not as against ourselves. It has two
objects. It has for its first object, perhaps,
the receipt of revenue; but it has for its second
and perhaps its more persuasive object the
benefit of the manufacturers of the' East. I
do not complain of protecting them reasona-
bly, but if it be right to protect them by means
of a tariff, is it right to do so by sacrificing the
interests of other American citizens in their
own industry? I do not think any satisfac-
tory answer can be given upon that point.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We deny the fact that
it does. The Senator assumes that it sacri-
Atlipro
Mr. JOHNSON. _ If it does not, and no
particular revenue is to be derived from the
fifty cents, I should suppose that my friend
would have no objection to inserting $1 50
instead of fifty cents, for that, while it would
benefit us, would not injure New JSugland.
The honorable member says that the Mary-
land coal is used only as he understands—of
course he has been so informed—in the man-
ufacture of iron.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no. It is used for
a great many other purposes. I said it was
not used for gas.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator is mistaken.
It is used in the manufacture of gas, and it is
not used exclusively in the manufacture of
iron.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not say it was
used exclusively for that purpose.
Mr. JOHNSON. The iron works in Penn-
sylvania, which are very extensive, are, I
believe, managed entirely, as far as fuel is
concBrned, 'with anthracite. They have suc-
ceeded in constructing their chimneys and
their furnaces in,such a way as to make the
anthracite answer every purpose of getting a
blast which will enable them to ignite it and
to burn it just as fast as the Cumberland coal
could have been ignited and would have burned
out under the original form of their works as
farjis related to their furnaces. It is used, too,
very extensively in the manufacture of gas.
fly friend near me [Mr. Morrill] suggests
that they never see the Nova Scotia coal in his
neighborhood. I have no doubt that is true;
but they never see ours; and they never see
January 25,
ours because they prefer at present prices the
anthracite ; but if we could carry the Maryland
bituminous coal into Maine, where my friend
resides, and there be able to sell it at a price
anything like the price for which the anthra-
cite coal can be sold, L think they would soon
abandon the anthracite perhaps and substitute
the bituminous coal. But that is a matter of
speculation. ^
All that I mean to say—and I place the
propriety of the amendment upon that ground—
is that the maxim to which the honorable chair-
man of the Finance Committee referred, of
living and let live_, is perfectly right. No man
taints to live by killing another; no man wants
to get rich by impoverishing another ; no man
desires to get rich by keeping another from
getting rich within the same time. That is not
living and letting live. It is reversing the
maxim. Now, what is proposed to be done by
the bill as it stands, as I think, lets eastern
manufacturers live, but does not let the coal
owner live. I think that if we substitute the
amendment which I have proposed, instead of
having six hundred thousand tons, the pro-
duction will be doubled or quadrupled, for the
supply is inexhaustible. Everybody would be
benefited by it. It is not the case now, cer- .
tainly, in relation to the owners of the mines,
who have made little or nothing, although they
have gone on from time to time under the hope
that they would eventually find it to be a profit-
able business and benefit everybody.
Mr. CRESWELL. The coal interest in
Maryland is one of the largest of our State. I
suppose it equals in magnitude any one of the
manufacturing interests of New England. In
Massachusetts they have some fifty or sixty
millions invested in the production of cotton
fabrics. In Maryland we have directly invested
in coal production $30,000,000. In addition
to that, we have invested $18,000,000 in the
Chesapeake and Oh|o canal and $12,000,000
in the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, making
in that State alone invested in the production *
and transportation of coal a gross capital of
$60,000,000.
I know, sir, that many gentlemen consider
the article of coal as a raw material; and I
believe the very able, energetic, industrious,
and upright revenue commissioner, who has
had this subject under, consideration has treated
it from that stand-point. I differ from him, but
differ of course with great respect. I admit
that coal in the mine is a raw material. In that
condition it is worth twenty-five cents per ton
only ; but when labor is applied and the coal
is removed from its bed and placed at the
mouth of the mine you find that it is increased
in value, according to that gentleman's own
statement, about eightfold. Of that increase
some seven eighths, or eighty seven per cent.,
depends upon the value of the labor bestowed
upon the article.
In the commissioner's statement he further
proceeds to say, that when the coal reaches
Baltimore the price of it in 1865 was seven
dollars per ton. We then have an increase of
twenty-eight fold in the value of the coal at
Baltimore, as enhanced by labor and trans-
portation. That almost equals the illustration
so often given of the value of labor as exhibited
in the manufacture of the main-springs of
watches from the raw material. The greater
part by far of the value of coal when it reaches
the market is chargeable to the labor neces-
sary to its production and the cost of trans-
portation.
But the commissioner in the consideration
of this question does not stand precisely in the
same position as the committee. He argues
it as a free-trader; he says that it is essential
that everybody should have cheap coal, and for
that reason he recommends the entire aboli-
tion of all duties on coal. If his theory be
correct, of course there should be no duties on
coal coming from any quarter, and it would
apply as well to the repeal of the duties on
coal coming from England and Wales as that
coming from Nova Scotia. But the gentlemen
of the Finance Committee do not ask for that.
They incorporate in this bill a somewhat cun-
ningly devised provision—I do not "use the
term in any offensive sense—applying the rate
of fifty cents a ton to coal coming from all sec-
tions west of the thirtieth meridian of longi-
tude, and $1 50 to all coal coming from any
place east of the thirtieth meridian of longi-
tude. We are then immediately led to inquire,
why this singular provision in the bill? Why
are gentlemen obliged to go to the globes and
maps to ascertain what it means ? Why not
say at once on its face, " We intend that Nova
Scoria coal shall come into New England and
whereever else it can reach, for fifty cents a
ton, and that all other coals shall be charged
$1 50?"
But the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance says that this coal is only imported into
New England. I do not know where he gets
that information. I am sure it is a mistake.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I said mainly, notonly.
Mr. CRESWELL. I have before me a state-
ment showing the amount of the coal imported
during the years 1864, 1865, and 1866, varying
somewhat from the statement made by the com-
missioner, and I think correcting some of the
errors into which he has fallen. I admit, that
it is avery difficult matter to get precise in-
formation as to the amount of the product of
bituminous coal, and perhaps somewhat diffi-
cult to get the precise amount of importations.
But, according to the volumes on Commercial
Relations, published officially and by authority
of the Government, it appears that in 1864
there were imported into New York, free of
duty, under the then existing reciprocity treaty,
129,375 tons of coal from Nova Scotia; and,
in the same year, from Great Britain, 105,924
tons, subject to a duty of $1 25 per ton under
the present tariff. In 1865 there were im-
ported into New York 206,649 ^ons; and in
1866 151,590 tons from Nova Scotia, paying,
after the 17th of March of the last-mentioned
year, the duty of $1 25 per ton. It thus ap-
pears that the statement of the Senator from
Maine as to the markets reached by the Nova
Scotia coal is incorrect.
The proposition comes very insidiously when
presented, as it has been, by the friends of
this bill, namely, that all that is asked is that
New England shall be supplied from Nova
Scotia with two hundred and fifty thousand or
two hundred and eighty thousand tons of coal
for purposes for which the Cumberland coal
cannot be used, and that therefore it is unjust
to impose more than a nominal duly. Bui I
will inform the Senator that this is not a fair
presentation of the point at issue. I ask him
now what was the price of Nova Scotia coal
before the repeal of the reciprocity treaty and
during the war, when the ordinary avenues of
communication and transportation forour coals
were obstructed and sometimes actually closed
during the rebellion, and when the operators
at Pictou and Cape Breton could deliver their
coals in Boston for half the price at which it
could be sent from the Cumberland mines?
If I am not incorrectly informed they charged
then up to the full measure of what they could
obtain, and they demanded and received ill
Boston twelve dollars per ton, having the ex-
clusive control of that market.
I hold then, sir, that the same theory will
apply to this article as to all others, and that
producers of coal will charge as much for it as
they can obtain. It is not a question between
the consumer and the producer, but it is a
question as between the operators of coal mines
in Nova Scotia and the operators of coal mines
everywhere within the United States. The ar-
gument assumes that shape, and we must
necessarily occupy that ground in this discus-
sion.
The commissioner, in his statement, asserts
that coal from Nova Scotia, during the year
1866, commanded itf Boston $8 50 per ton,
while that from Cumberland was sold at $8 25
per ton. That, taken in connection with the
statement just made by the honorable Senator
from Maine, that the Cumberland coai is worth
$1 50 more per ton than the Nova Scotia coal,
