1496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ing the collector of the district wherein such spirits
P?ay "e stored, held, or owned, within sixty days
thereafter, to gauge and prove the same; and upon
the receipt of said notice the collector shall cause
said spirits to be gauged and proved by a general
inspector, and the casks or packages containing the
same to be marked by him in the following manner:
Manufactured prior to , 186—.  , Inspector,
District. Inspected , 186—. And no spirits
so manufactured, held, or owned, shall foe gauged,
proved, or marked in any cistern or other stationary
vessel, but shall be gauged, proved, and marked only
m barrels, casks, or packages in which the same shall
have been placed. Upon the receipt of the return
the collector shall immediately forward to the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue a copy thereof; and
any person holding or owning such spirits, and refus-
ing or neglecting to notify the collector, as in this
section provided, shall forfeit the same and pay the
sum of $500. to be collected in the manner provided
by law for the collection of other penalties. No dis-
tilled spirits on which the tax has been paid shall be
stored or allowed to remain on any distillery prem-
ises, under the penalty of a forfeiture of all spirits so
found. And all spirits, after being removed from the
original packages m which they were inspected and
gauged into other packages for purposes of rectifica-
tion, redistillation, or change of proof, shall again be
inspected and gauged and properly branded; and the
absence of an inspector's brand shall be taken and
held as sufficient cause or evidence upon which any
spirits so found may be forfeited. And any person
who shall change the character of any spirits, either
by rectification, mixing, or otherwise, after they have
been duly inspected and marked as hereinbefore pro-
vided, .and place the same in other packages, for con-
sumption or sale, without first stamping or branding
upon such package, in such manner as the Commis-
?<lonet?i)fAsternal Revenue may prescribe, the word
rectified, shall forfeit such spirits, and the same
may be soizea by the collector or deputy collector of
the district where such spirits may be found, or by
such other collector or deputy collector as may be
Specially authorized by the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue lor that purpose. And any person who
snail so brand any package containing spirits, know-
ing the taxes thereon have not been paid, shall forfeit
such spirits, and be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and upon conviction shall beimprisoned for not more
than two years, at the discretion of the court.
February 22,
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 34. And be it further enacted, That the ownerof
any oil refinery may provide, at his own expense, a
warehouse, m conformity with such regulations as
tho becrotary of the Treasury may prescribe; and
such warehouse, when approved by the collector, is
hereby declared a bonded warehouse of the United
btates, and shall boused only for storing refinod coal
oil or naphtha, and be under the custody of the col-
lector or his deputy. And the duty on coal oil or
naphtha stored in such warehouse shall be paid before
it is removed from such warehouse, unless removed
m pursuance of law. And all distilled or refined
coal oil, distillate, benzine or benzole, and naphtha,
upon which an excise tax is imposed by law, may,
after boing inspected, gauged, proved, and marked
by the inspector according to the provisions of thi3
act. bo removed, without paymont of the tax under
such rules and regulations, and upon the execution
of such transportation bonds or otnor security as the
beeretary of the Ireasury may prescribe. The said
oil or naphtha so removed shall be transferred di-
rectly from the distillery or refinery to a bonded
warohouse, established in conformity with law and
ireasury regulations, and may be transported from
such warehouse to any one other bonded warehouse
used for the storage of coal oil or naphtha. And
after the arrival of such coal oil or naphtha at the
bonded warehouse within the district of theassessor
to which it has boon transferred.it shall be again in-
spected, and the tax shall be assessed and paid on
any deficiency or reduction of the numbor of gallons
beyond such allowance or leakage as may be estab-
lished hy the regulations of the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue, received at the warehouso from the
n umber of gallons as stated in the bond given at the
place of shipment. And any coal oil or naphtha in
the public warehouses shall be subject to tho same
rules and regulations and Tbe chargeable with the
same costs and expenses in all respects to which
imported goods deposited in public store or bonded
warehouse may be subject; and shall be in charge
0p}'uprmper °®cer  be designated by the Secretary
c 2r° Area?ury, who, with the owner and proprietor
oi the warehouse shall have tho joint custody of all
the oil or naphtha so stored in said warehouse,
which shall be at the risk of the owner of the said
oil or naphtha. And all labor in the same shall be
perlormed by the owner or proprietor of the ware-
house, under the supervision of the officer in charge
of the same, and at the expense of said owner or
proprietor of the warehouse ; and the same fees shall
be paid for exports as are charged to exporters for
like services m the custom-house. And no draw-
ii? in ^yoQ'Se be allowed on any coal oil or
naphtha, upon which a tax shall have been paid,
either befoie or after it shall have been placed in a
bonued warehouse -. Provided, That any coal oil or
naphtha may be withdrawn from the bonded ware-
house after payment to the.collector of internal rev-
enue for the district m which the warehouse is situ-
ated of the tax imposed by law, or mayberemoved
without payment of the tax for the purpose of beincr
exported, or for the purpose of boing distilled or
canned for export, after the quantity of the oil or
naphtha to be removed has been ascertained and in-
spected according to the provisions of law, under
such rules and regulations and the execution of such
bond or other security as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may prescribe. And any oil or naphthaso removed
fordistillationshall bereturnedto the warehouse, and
shall be again inspected, and the tax shall be paid to
the said collector on any deficiency of reduction be-
yond the allowance for loss by redistillation estab-
lished by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, in
the number of gallons received at the warehouse for
the purpose of being exported as aforesaid.
No amendment being offered
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 35. Andbeit further enacted, That spiritsof tur-
pentine may be transferred, without payment of the
tax, to a bonded warehouse established in conformity
with law and Treasury regulations, under such rules
and regulations, and upon the execution of such
transportation bonds or other security as may be
prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue, subject to the approval of the Secretary of the
Treasury, said bonds or other security to be taken by
the collector of the district from which such removal
is made; and may be transported from such aware-
house to any other bonded warehouse established as
aforesaid, and may be withdrawn from bonded ware-
house for consumption on payment of the tax, or
removal for export to a foreign country without pay-
ment of tax, in conformity with the provisions of law
relating to the removal of distilled spirits, all the
rules, regulations, and conditions of which, so far as
applicable, shall apply to spirits of turpentine in
bonded warehouse: and no drawback shall in any
case be allowed upon any spirits of turpentine.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 36. And be it further enacted, That any person
or persons who shall execute or sign any false or
fraudulent bond, permit, entry, or other documont,
required by law or regulations; or who shall fraudu-
lently procuro tho same to be executed; or who shall
connive at the execution thereof, by which the pay-
ment of any internal revenue tax or duty shall be
evaded, or attempted to be evaded, or which shall
bo exocuted, or purport to be executed, for the pur-
pose of placing in, or withdrawing from, any bonded
warehouse any spirits or other merchandise for any
purpose whatever, or which shall in any way be used
or attempted to be used in fraud of the internal reve-
nue laws and regulations, on conviction thereof, shall
forfeit all property in such spirits or other merchan-
dise to which such instrument relates, or purports to
relate, and shall be imprisoned for a term not less
than one nor more than five years, at the discretion
of the court.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I think the com-
mittee better rise now ; we cannot take this bill
out of the committee to-night.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Let us
finish reading the printed bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Very well.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 37. And be it farther enacted, That any person
who shall knowingly and fraudulently use any false
woights or measures in ascertaining, weighing, or
measuring the quantities of grain, meal, or vegetable
materials, molasses, beer, or other substances to be
used for distillation, or who shall fraudulently make
false record of the samo, or who shall destroy or
tamper with any locks or seal which may be placed
on any cistern, rooms, or buildings, by tho duly au-
thorized officers of the revenue, shall on convic-
tion thereof bo imprisoned for the term of two years
and pay a fine not exceeding $1,000, in the discretion
ot the court; and any person who shall use any mo-
lasses, beer, or other substances, whethor fermented
on the promises or elsowhere, forthepurpose of pro-
ducing spirits, before an account of tho same shall
have been registered in the proper record-book pro-
viW,5fJ:hl3 P«fp°se shall forfeit and pay the sum
ot ij>l,uoy lor each and every offense so committed.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec.88. Andbeit further enacted. That all boilers,
stills, or other vessels, tools, and implements used in
distilling or rectifying, and forfeited under any of tho
provisions of this act, and all condemned material
together with any engine or other machinery con-
nected therewith, and all emptybarrels, and all grain
or other material suitablefordistillation, shall, under
the direction of the court in which the forfeiture is
recovered, be sold at public auction, and theproceeds
thereof, alter deducting the expenses of sale, shall be
disposed of accordingto law. And allspiritsor spir-
ituous liquors which may be forfeited under the pro-
visions of this act, unless herein otherwise provided
shall be disposed of by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue as the Secretary of theTreasurymaydirect.
And the Commissioner of Internal Revenue ishereby
authorized, with the approval of the Secretary of the
ireasury, to exempt distillers of brandy from apples,
peaches, or grapes, exclusively from such of the pro-
visions of this act relating to the manufacture of
spirits as m his judgment may seem expedient. And
any word or words in any and all parts of this act,
and of all acts to which this act is additional, indi-
cating or referrmgto person or persons, shall be taken
to include partnerships, firms, associations, bodies
corporate or politic, or any other party whatsoever,
when not otherwise designated, or manifestly incom-
patible with the intent thereof.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
39. And be it further enacted. That no spirits
snail be removed in any cask or package containing
more than ten gallons from any premises or building
in winch the same may have been distilled, redis-
tilled, rectified, or manufactured, nor from any place
ot storage, at any other times than after sun-rising
and before sun-setting, on pain of forfeiture of such
spirits, and every person who shall violate this provis-
ion shall be liable to a penalty of $100 for each cask
barrel, or packago of spirits removed. Any officer
ot internal revenue may be specially authorized by
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue to seize any
property which may by law be subject to seizure, and
tor that purpose such officer shall have all the power
conferred by law upon collectors of internal revenue,
and such special authority shall be limited in respect
of time, place, and kind or class of property as the
said Commissioner may specify.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 40. And be it further enacted. That it shall be
lawful lor .any in ternal revenue officer to seize and
detain any barrels, casks, or packages containing
or supposed to contain, distilled spirits, when such
officer has reason to believe the tax imposed bylaw
upon the same has not been paid, or that they are
being removed m violation of law; and such packages
may be detained by such officer in a safe place until it
can be satisfactorily ascertained by the proper offi-
cers whether the articles so seized are liable to be
proceeded against for violations of the intornal rev-
enue laws.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 41. And be it further enacted, That whenever
any distilled spirits so found elsewhere than in a
bonded warohouse, shall be sold, or offered for salo
at a less price than the tax imposed by law thereon,
such selling or offering for sale as aforesaid shall be
taken and deemed as prima facie evidence that said
spirits have not been removed from a bonded ware-
house according to law, and that the tax imposed by
law on the same has not been paid, and the same shall
without further evidence be liable to seizure and for-
feiture: Provided, That this section shall not apply
to spirits sold# at public sale by an auctioneer who has
paid the special tax as such under such rules and reg-
ulations, and upon such public notice as may be pre-
scribed by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
And be it further enacted, That it shall be
the duty of every person who empties or draws off, or
causes to be emptied or drawn off, distilled spirits or
other article subject by law to tax, from a cask, bar-
rel, or package, bearing any of the marks or brands
required by law, or marks intended for or purporting
to be, or designed to have the effect of such marks,
immediately upon such cask, barrel, or package being
emptied, to offaco and obliterate said marks or brands •
and any person who shall violate this provision shall
be liable to a penalty of ten dollars for each offense-
and any such cask, barrel, or package, from which
said marks are not so effaced and obliterated as herein
required shall be liable to forfeiture, and may be
seized by any officer of internal revenue wherever
found.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 43. And be it further enacted, That in case any
transportation bond is forfeited by failure to furnish
or produce at the proper time the evidence required
by law or regulation that the articles named m the
bond were duly received and actually stored in the
warehouse or district to which they were shipped, or
other breach of the obligation, the obligors in the
bond shall pay the total amount of duties upon tho
articles removed under the bond, together with fifty
per cent, upon that amount, and the collector of tho
district in which such bond is or may be given may
forthwith distrain upon any property, real or per-
sonal, subject to distraint or seizure, belonging to
said obligors: and in case no such property can be
found, the collector shall immediately forward the
bond to the United States district attorney for the
proper district for suit, and notice of the breach of
the obligation of any such bond shall be forthwith
forwarded by the collector of the district to the Com- *
missioncr of Internal Revenue.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 44. And be it further enacted, That if any per-
son shall falsely represent himself to be a revenue
officer of the United States, and shall in such assumed
character demand or receive any money or other
article of value from any person for any duty or tax
due to the United States, or for any violation or pre-
tended violation of any revenue law of the United
States, such person shall be deemed guilty of a felony,
and on conviction thereof shall be liable to a fine of
$500, and to imprisonment not less than six months
and not exceeding two years, at the discretion of the
court.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 45. And be it further enacted, That no distilled
spirits which have been forfeited to the Governments
accordance with law shall besold for a price less than
the amount of the tax required thereon by law at the
time of sucn sale. And if the officer having such
spirits in charge shall have been unable, for aperiod
of ninety days, to sell the same for the price equal
to the tax, such spirits shall be destroyed under such
ru. <«s and regulations as the Commissioner of Internal
tterenue may prescribe.
