1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
127
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
performance of their duties in the Government,
and if necessary by force of arras to compel
their return. The whole power of the Gov-
ernment is to prevent destruction and revo-
lution, both of the United States and the
States ; not to make or assist in making such
destruction and revolution. When the war is
over or during its pendency the United States
may bring to trial and punishment, according
to the forms of the common law. any insur-
gent for treason or other crimes committed
by him.
This great healing and conserving principle
of post limine is set forth in every treatise on
national Jaw, and is recognized, allowed, and
enforced in all civilized nations. It is defined
to be—
" The principle in the modern law of nations by
virtue of which persona and things, taken by an
enemy in war, are restored to their former state when
coming again under the power of the nation to which
they belonged."
This principle has been recognized and
applied by our courts. In the war of 1812 a
part of the district, now the State, of Maine,
including Castine, was invaded and taken
possession of by the military forces of Great
Britain, and her authority and laws were made
to supersede those of the United States and
Massachusetts. A British collection port was
established at Castine, within the conquered
territory. A ship landed her cargo and paid
duties upon it at Castine under the laws and
regulations of England, and to her authorities.
After peace was made, and the British forces
had been withdrawn from the conquered coun-
try, the United States brought suit for the
goods, because they had been imported into
Castine, a port of the United States, in viola-
tion of their laws, and were thereby forfeited.
Judge Story pronounced the opinion of the
court, in which there are these passages:
"By the conquest and occupation of Castine, that
territory passed under theallegiance and sovereignty
of the British. The sovereignty of the United States
over the territory was of course suspended, and the
laws of the United States could no longer be right-
fully enforced or be obligatory upon the inhabitants
who remained and submitted to the conqueror. Cas-
tine could not therefore be deemed a port of the
United States, for its sovereignty no longor extended
over the place. Nor, on the other hand, could it bo
deemed a port within the dominions of Great Britain,
for it had not permanently passed under hor sover-
eignty.
"A territory conquered by an enemy is not to be
considered as incorporated into the dominions of that
enemy without a renunciation in a treaty of peace,
or until a long andpermanentpossession. Untilsuch
incorporation it is entitled to the full benefit of the
law of post limine—2 Gall., C. C. A'., 4So.
The United States and Great Britain being
independent Powers, the laws of nations and
the rights of conquest applied, without being
restricted by the Constitution, in a war be-
tween them; and a portion of the territory of
Maine, being conquered and taken possession
of by the British forces, when that possession
returned to the United States and Massachu-
setts, all men and things in the country that
had been conquered, without any legislation
of Congress or the State, but simply by effect
of that law of post limine, were restored
to their former state, and the rights of the
people, civil and political, and the laws and
jurisdiction of the United States and Massa-
chusetts, were resumed and operated as though
they had never been suspended or disturbed.
The principles of the Constitution are not in
conflict with this universal rule in the code of
nations, and both operate for restoration in
the same way. So soon as the rebellion was
suppressed and the people and governments
of the insurgent States in good faith submitted
themselves to the authorities, Constitution,
and laws of the United States, they were both
by the Constitution and post limine law, as
to all persons and things, restored to their
former condition in the United States and
governments of the States, and they to each
other. These were the legal results, the status
produced by the intrinsic force of the Consti-
tution and the law of nations; and no other
reconstruction was needful than for the Gov-
ernments of the United States and the States,
by all their departments and officers, to con-
form to the reconstruction which events and
the operation of that Constitution and law had
produced.
These principles and consequences were
never controverted by any respectable intel-
lect until after the war of the rebellion had
terminated. Up to and after that time all the
legislation of Congress was upon the recogni-
tion of the fact that the States in which the
revolt had been made were, notwithstanding,
States in the Union; and that the war waged
against them by the United States was not for
any purpose of conquest or subjugation, but
! to defend and maintain the supremacy of the
Constitution and to preserve the Union with
all the dignity, equality, and rights of the
several States unimpaired; and as soon as
those ends were accomplished the war was to
cease.
While the rebellion was raging, Congress
passed acts to apportion representation among
all the States by name, including those in
revolt; to lay a direct tax upon each of the
States, naming each one that was in rebellion
as a State, and by its name; to admit West
Virginia into the Union as a State, reciting—
"That the Legislature of Virginia, by an act passed
on the 13th day of May, 1862, did give its consent to
the formation of a new State within the jurisdiction
of the State of Virginia, to be known by the name
of West Virginia."
By the act establishing the Freedmen's Bu-
reau, passed after the rebellion had been sup-
pressed, the States engaged in it were divided
into districts, and put under its authority; and
the "civil rights" bill, passed by Congress
9th April, 1866, expressly authorized any per-
son, sued in a State court for an act done under
the Freedmen's Bureau law, to remove the case
from the State court into the circuit or district
courts of the United States for the State in
which such suit may have been instituted; and
also gave to the United States district courts
in those States, exclusively of the courts of
the several States, cognizance of all crimes
and offenses committed against the provisions
of this act.
Congress passed an act reorganizing the
circuit courts of the United States, in which it
embraced by name all the States which had
been engaged in the recent rebellion ; and in
different sessions Congress passed two distinct
propositions to amend the Constitution of the
United States, and submitted them to all the
States; and in the second one referred spe-
cially to those that had been in the rebellion.
When Tennessee passed her ordinance of
secession she was represented in both Houses
of Congress; and one of her Senators, Andrew
Johnson, remained in his seat until he was
appointed by President Lincoln provisional
governor of Tennessee. Maynard and Clem-
ens were elected Representatives from that
State after it had seceded, and were permitted
to take their seats. There was no objection
then that Tennessee had ceased to be a State
in the Union, and was therefore not entitled
to be represented in the House and the Senate.
On the contrary, this Senator and those Rep-
resentatives of Tennessee received the " All
hail" of every Republican and of every true
friend of the Union and the Constitution. The
Senator particularly for his immovable firm-
ness in holding to his position of Senator from
Tennessee, unawed by threats, nnseduced
by promises, became the civil hero of the
Republicans, and their admiration and grati-
tude impelled thera to nominate and elect him
to the vice Presidency, from which by the act
of Providence and the operation of the Con-
stitution he was transferred to the Presidency;
and now the leaders of the party that gave him
this great promotion say that he was not con-
stitutionally eligible to either office.
After Virginia had seceded, less than one
third of her counties and her people elected a
Governor and a Legislature, who were inducted
into office, and this Legislature proceeded to
elect two Senators to Congress from that State.
Messrs. Willey and Carlile presented them-
selves at the bar of the Senate in the extra ses-
sion of July, 1861, with commissions as Sen-
ators from the Stale of Virginia, signed by the
now Governor Peirpoint, and a motion was
made that they be permitted to take their seats.
Objection was made by Senator Bayard, on the
! grounds that they were not elected by the legit-
imate Legislature, nor commissioned by the
legal Governor of Virginia. Those objections
were overruled, and Messrs. Willey and Car-
lile admitted as Senators from the State of
Virginia, every Republican present voting in
the affirmative. Then there was no thought
that Virginia was not entitled to have Senators
because she had seceded and rebelled, and was
not a State in the Union ; or if there was such
a thought no person gave it a voice.
At the ensuing session of Congress, Decem-
| ber, 1861, Messrs. Willey and Carlile appeared
and resumed their seats as Senators from the
State of Virginia without any question, and
Upton, Blair, Segar, Brown, and Whaley then
took their seats in the House as Represent-
atives from the State of Virginia, and not a
doubt was uttered as to Virginia being a State
and in the Union, and entitled to be repre-
sented in the House. Soon afterward West
Virginia was admitted into the Union as a
State ; and Senator Willey -living within and
being a citizen of that State, and having been
chosen one of its Senators, a senatorial vacancy
was thereby created in Virginia. Her govern-
ment had been continued by Governor Peir-
point remaining in the executive chair, and a
portion of the people of about a dozen coun-
ties electing some ten members of the Senate
and about twenty of the House of Represent-
atives. These gentlemen convened as the Legis-
lature of Virginia and chose Lemuel J. Bowden
to be a Senator from that State as the suc-
cessor of Senator Willey, and he took his seat
without objection.
There is no message, proclamation, or au-
thentic speech or conversation of President
Lincoln or President Johnson, in which the
question is touched, that does not declare the
continued existence of the States in rebellion;
and all of them admitted the competency of
the people of those States to lay down their
arms, to submit themselves to the Constitution
and laws of the United States, and they and
their States to resume their proper position
and relations in the Union ; and many of them
earnestly importuned that course to be taken.
On the cessation of hostilities in the southern
States, President Johnson proceeded to nom-
inate from all over them judges, district attor-
neys, marshals, postmasters, assessors and col-
lectors of internal revenue, and custom-house
officers, in the aggregate amounting to hun-
dreds and thousands, and many of them were
confirmed by the Senate without any objec-
tion that they were for certain States when
there were no such States in existence. The
President conceded the great principle estab-
lished by both the Constitution ana national
law, that the power in the rebel States which
expelled the Constitution, laws, officers, and
authority of the United States from them having
been suppressed and no longer forming any
obstruction, they all resumed legally their
former state, and his duty was to acknowledge
and act upon this restored condition of things.
This has been called the President's policy. I
have before shown what had beat the policy
of Congress up to the commencement of its
last session. There is no discrepancy between
those policies. Each department of the Gov-
ernment, in the performance of its official acts
touching the revolted 8tates, maintained these
great truths springing from the whole Consti-
tution, that though the people of one or more
States, including those who held possession
of their governments and offices, may be in
