1867..
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
733
Shows that even in the year just closed, upon
their own figures, the Cumberland coal was
placed in the market of Boston at a cheaper
rate than the coal from Nova Scotia, after de-
ducting the duty of $1 25 on the latter, and
that Cumberland coal was sold there at S3 50
per ton less than Nova Scotia coal was sold
during the war, when it had almost the exclu-
sive command of the trade.
Now, sir, what is the fact in regard to this
Nova Scotia coal trade? Every one knows
that it grew up under the operation of the reci-
procity treaty. Indeed, the distinguished gen-
tleman from Vermont now occupying a seat in
the other House, who has been recently elected
to represent that State in this body from the
4th of March next, asserted in public discus-
sion that the reciprocity treaty was originally
entered into, not in any expectation of any
benefit to the agricultural or the mining or
the fishing interests, but solely with a view to
the benefits that would inure to the manufac-
turing interest; that the free-trade policy of
England, then recently established, hadanspired
hopes of a rich harvest to the enterprising cap-
italists of New England, but that the whole
scheme proved abortive, when the Provinces
suddenly reversed the policy of the mother
country, and as soon as they found they could
profit by it imposed heavy duties upon manu-
factured articles and undertook to manufacture
for themselves. The result was that everybody
in New England and elsewhere alongthe boun-
daries became disgusted with the reciprocity
treaty, so far as it affected manufactures. They
claimed, however, that the exportation of coal
from this country into the western portions of
Canada was about equal to the importation
from the coal mines which had bean opened
meanwhile in Nova Scotia under the operation
of free trade, S.nd that the coal business was a
fair case of reciprocity when in fact there was
no reciprocity about it.
We sent into the Provinces anthracite coal,
of which they had none, while they sent us in
return bituminous coal, of which we had an
abundance already.
We care not a straw about the provision in
this bill imposing §1 50 duty on anthracite
coal. Strike it out, or double it, the result will
be the same. We can command the trade of
the world in that and ask no favors. There is
no region from which any importations of an-
thracite coal can be made; but it is with regard
to the bituminous trade that we have great
anxiety. The truth is that when Nova Scotia
coals came into this country free they were in
competition witli all the bituminous interests,
and without any equivalent. But at last the
Provinces, having refused to receive our man-
ufactures free at the dictation of the manu-
facturers, we of Maryland rejoiced in the
belief that the Provinces could no longer im-
port their coals free into this country. But it
seems we %vere sadly mistaken. During the
existence of the reciprocity treaty, in which
we acquiesced from a disposition to aid our
northern brethren, certain capitalists of Bos-
ton, or thereabouts, with perhaps some asso-
ciates from Maine, went into Nova Scotia,
leased the coal-fields of Pictou and Cape Bre-
ton, and opened a very profitable trade with
our Atlantic border as far south as New York.
These speculators who transferred their capi-
tal into a foreign country, beyond the reach of
all taxation, now turn upon us and say that
they will continue their trade and will insist
.upon bringing their foreign labor and untaxed
capital into competition with our domestic
labor, charged as it is already with the most
grievous burdens. Shall we submit to this?
Sir, I contend that this is not doing as you
would have others do to you, that this is not
acting in the genuine spirit of protection. I
advocate the policy of protection, and I believe
that that theory of administering the finances
of this Government is correct; 1 am willing to
stand by the producers of woolen and cotton
cloths and the manufacturers of iron and every
other branch of domestic industry with a view
to the protection of American labor everywhere
throughout the length and breadth of our land.
So believing and so acting, I trust that when I
tell gentlemen that upon the coal interest in
Maryland, West Virginia, and Pennsylvania,
fifty thousand laborers depend entirely for sub-
sistence, it will be conceded that I have a right
to claim the same degree of protection for my
own people, and the great interests of my State.
It is jio answer that even while the reci-
procity treaty lasted a trade grew up in Cumber-
land coal equal to six hundred thousand tons
per annum. How did it grow up? Every-
body knows that when the trade started, and
when it received its impulse, labor could be
procured at from seventy-five to eighty per
cent, cheaper than now. The country was then
unvexed by a depreciated currency, and enter-
prise was unshackled by taxation. In that
state of the case our miners were able to com-
pete successfully with all foreigners, and our
production increased steadily notwithstanding
the influx of importations free of duty. But
now we have to bear not only our own bur-
dens but also our share of the burdens of the
Government, and if thus hampered we shall
be obliged to enter upon the race of competi-
tion with those who are free from all embar-
rassments we shall certainly fall fainting by the
way.
The importation of two hundred and seventy
thousand tons of coal into New England is not
of itself alarming, but we know from the repre-
sentations of officials in Nova Scotia and from
gentlemen who have invested in-the mines in
that Province that those, mines are capable of
a largely increased production. We have two
hundred thousand square miles of coal lands
in this country; and though gentlemen may
seem amazed at the statement made by the
commissioner that the United States produced
•last year twenty-two million tons, I believe that
we are capable of producing two hundred mil-
lion tons per annum. All that we want is a
reasonable encouragement in order to increase
the product to that amount; I apprehend that
when we get two hundred millions of coal per
annum we shall have as much as the country
wants, and the result will be a decrease.in the
price.
But in Nova Scotia they are also capable of
the same degree of development; ana if gen-
tlemen look to this measure as a measure of
revenue, they must consider that the seven hun-
dred thousand tons imported in 1885 would, at
a duty of $1 50 per ton, yield $1,050,000. If
they put the duty down to fifty cents, still re-
garding it as a revenue measure, there must Be
three times the importations in order to pro-
duce the same amount of revenue. If this
rate of duty is established at fifty cents per ton
it will not be ten per cent, ad valorem, while
gentlemen claim on many manufactuied articles
from fifty to seventy-five and even one hundred
per cent. On coffee, an article of general use
and prime necessity, this bill imposes a duty
of five cents per pound, which is equivalent to
forty per cent, ad valorem. No, sir; this duty
of fifty cents per ton has not been fixed for the
sake of revenue, but solely for the purpose
of inducing an increased production in Nova
Seotia; and thus it becomes a battle fairly and
squarely between the producer in Nova Scotia
and the producer in Maryland, Pennsylvania,
and West Virginia; and that is the whole case
in a nut-shell.
Now, are gentlemen prepared to say that they
will encourage foreign manufactures and for-
eign labor to the exclusion of domestic manu-
fures and domestic labor? I trow not. I am
sure that Maryland interests cannot survive
this policy. Wo might linger out a sickly
existence; but that there would be any more
investments with a view to the development of
our immense coal-fields I have not the slightest
idea. It is now a struggle, with labor as it is,
to produce coal and to convey it to market;
but if this competition is allowed you _will find
the Nova Scotia coal not only coming into Bos-
ton and New York, but actually driving us to
the wall in Philadelphia and Baltimore. All
we ask is that there shall be imposed a duty of
SI 50 a ton, equal to about twenty or twenty-
five per cent, ad valorem, in order to enable us
to overcome the natural obstacles in Qur way
to the coast.
It is well known that in Nova Scotia the
natural advantages of location are very great
over those of Maryland, West Virginia, and
Pennsylvania. Our mines are two hundred
miles from the sea-board; theirs are within
six miles of the sea-board. It costs us about
$1 80 per toll to convey our coals from Cum-
berland to Baltimore, and to place them in
position there for shipment to other sea-pOrts.
It costs these Nova Scotia companies but a
small fraction of that sum. The difference in
that point of transportation alone is such that,
with labor at its present high price, they would
be able to drive us out of the eastern markets,
and that state of affairs would be fraught with
ruin.
The commisssioner says that it is very im-
portant for everybody to have the means of
warming arfd lighting his house at the lowest
cost and of cooking his food cheaply; and one
gentleman in the other House remarked at the
last session—I suppose I may allude to it with-
out impropriety—that it was absolutely neces-
sary that the poor people in New England
should have cheap coal, because they were often -
unable to buy a sufficient amount of cotton and
woolen clothing. I think it is quite as import-
ant that in Maryland we should have our due
proportion of cotton and woolen fabrics. We
desire to take them and are willing to buy them
from the New England manufacturers rather
than from the importers, though we may have
to pay a higher price, because we want to
encourage the labor of our own country and
keep every section of it in a prosperous condi-
tion. But let the principle be carried out in
good faith, and be applied to all alike, so that
the free laborers of Maryland may, equally with
their northern brethren, gather the choicest
fruits of honorable toil and secure for them-
selves and their families the comforts and the
blessings of life.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I will
first answer one or two questions put by the
honorable Senator from Maryland on my left,
[Mr. Johnson*.] He asked me why the duty is
put so high upon other coal. I tell him it was
designed to make a distinction ; it was the de-
sign of the House to make a distinction, and
for very obvious reasons. It is worded in the
way it is with reference to lines because of the
necessity of resorting to that mode in order to
accomplish the purpose. It is necessary to
have some other designation than a mere de-
scription of the place from which the coal comes.
The Committee on Finance are not responsible
far that. If Senators choose to call it a con-
trivance, it was a contrivance of the House
committee and not of the Senate committee,
and I think a very good one, and the only one
that would effect the purpose.
The coal that is imported from Great Britain
is a high-priced coal, rather used as an article
of luxury than anything else. It is used some-
what for gas, but it is used by some people for
burning purposes, because it has peculiar ad-
vantages as a burning coal; and those who can
afford to pay for it buy it and use it in prefer-
ence to other coal; and hence it is imported to
a certain extent; and as that is a matter of
trade with Great Britain, we thought under the
circumstances the duty upon it might stand.
Anthracite was mentioned originally simply
because it has always stood so in our tariffs.
The idea of putting a duty on it, however, is a
mere humbug, for none can be imported; and
for that reason, when the committee came to
see how the matter stood they struck out those
words and simply put the duty on "all other
coal.'' Anthracite coal needs no protection
of any kind or description.
If tie Senator's coal from Cumberland needs
protection it needs protection against two ene-
mies : one is anthracite coal, which will be pre-
