734:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
ferred for burning purposes always to tie Cum-
berland or any other bituminous coal in this
country wherever it can be had at anything like
tlie same price. That experience has proved.
I do not know that a pound of the Nova Scotia
coal or Cumberland coal is used for the pur-
pose of fuel merely in the town where 1 reside,
though 'we import some of the Nova Scotia
coal. The other enemy Cumberland coal has
to contend with, let me tell the Senator, is the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad and the Chesa-
peake and Ohio canal. Its enemies are the
freights the Maryland miners have to pay over
their own railroads and their own canals, rais-
ing the price of coal. They should fear this
much more than any competition from other
coals anywhere. The effort is to saddle all
the rest of the country with those freights for
the benefit of these two works.
Now, sir, with reference to the main ques-
tion, let me answer one or two of the questions
of the Senator on my right, [Mr. Cresiveix.]
Cumberland coal sold at a lower price than
Pictou coal this very last year in the New
York market, with all its expenles of trans-
portation. It sold at something like seven
dollars and a half or eight dollars, when the
Pictou coal was selling for nine dollars and a
half, because it could be put there cheaper. It
is sold in New England and used in New
England, and used largely in New England, for
purposes for which the Pictou coal cannot be
used. It is used, in the first place, for purposes
of steam. It commands a higher price for
that use; and during the war, when Pictou
coal was selling in Boston at ten dollars, large
quantities of Cumberland coal were selling in
Boston at sixteen dollars, for the simple reason
that it is used for so many more purposes. In
a statement handed to me by a gentleman who
is perfectly familiar with the whole matter,
he says that in Boston Cumberland coal was
selling at about the same price as Pictou, but
the real value of the coal was one dollar per
ton over Pictou. That was at a later period
than the one of which 1 have just spoken. He
says further, that Cumberland coal is used
extensively for ocean steamships; all the
steamers from New York and Boston use it.
Forty pounds of Cumberland will make more
steam than fifty-two pounds of Pictou. All
the glass-works in New England use Cumber-
land coal, and it is the only coal used in
machine-shops and for blacksmiths' purposes
throughout the country. It is carried by rail
to Island Pond for blacksmith purposes. It
goes up that far, through Maine, very near to
Canada, in preference to the Pictou coal.
Mr. CRESWELL. Because it is cheaper?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; it is because
the Pictou coal cannot be used for these pur-
poses; it cannot be used for raising steam, or
rather it is so inferior for that use that they
can afford to pay a higher price and do pay
a higher price, notwithstanding all the cost
of transportation, for Cumberland coal. The
Pictou is used principally for making gas in
New England; and, as I stated before, the only
thing besides that which is wanted in refer-
ence to the matter is from seventy to one hun-
dred thousand tons, used in the manufacture of
iron, in which we compete at such immense
disadvantages with Maryland and other iron-
producing States that have their iron and coal
on 'he spot.
Mr. CRESWELL. Allow me to ask a ques-
tion. Will the Senator inform mo how it was
that during the last years of the war the coal
companies in Nova Seotia declared such
immense dividends?
Mr. PESSENDEN. I do not know that
they did.
Mr. CRESWELL. It is a fact.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am now informed of
it for the first time.
Mr. CRESWELL. They declared dividends
equal to one hundred and seventy-live per cent,
in one case, and varying from that down to
twenty per cent., and none lower.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is so easy to make
these statements that I should like to know
where the Senator gets his authority.
Mr. CRESWELL. I get it from a gentle-
man who is perhaps as well versed on the sub-
ject as the gentleman whose letter the Senator
read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The gentleman whose
letter I read is perfectly well known to me, and
he is familiar with the coal and iron business,
and has been for years, and he does not import
an ounce of the article or use an ounce of it
in any shape or form.
Mr. CR15SWELL. The member from the
Cumberland district [Mr. Thomas] made that
declaration in the House last year, and asserted
it upon his own personal veracity that he had
that information as direct as it,could be ob-
tained, that he was perfectly satisfied of its
truth. He has given this subject more atten-
tion perhaps than any gentleman in either
branch of Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Lf I should assert on
my own personal veracity all the things that
have been stated to me by the most highly
respectable gentlemen engaged in the different
branches of business. I should undertake to
carry a load that would break down any man
or any set of men that might attempt it. The
fact may be so; but I do not believe it, be-
cause the amount of sales would not justify
any such statement. The sales are very small.
The Senator appeals, as does every other
Senator who has a particular interest in his
State to look after, to the principle upon which
all our tariff bills are- founded as a general
principle, namely, th,e encouragement of our
own labor; and he speaks -of the high percent-
age placed upon some kinds of manufactures
and the low percentage upon others. If he
will look through this bill he will see that there
are many things that pay as low as ten per
cent., for the reason that they come very near
to raw materials, and the policy of the bill is,
so far as we can, to let in raw materials 'with-
out duty.
There is another consideration, and that is a
consideration which is somewhat important to
us living near the Canadian frontier, with refer-
ence to trade. I wjll not now reply to what
was said about the reciprocity treaty and the
way in which it was made. I think I know as
much about that as does the honorable Repre-
sentative from Vermont, who is soon to be in
the Senate. No man has a more strong per-
sonal respect and regard for that gentleman
than I have; but I think I know as much about
that treaty as he does, inasmuch as I was here
when it was adopted and know the principles
upon which it was founded, and he was not;
and I had very considerable to do with the
question. I was in the Senate at the time it
was adopted, and I was present at the discus-
sion.
Mr. SUMNER. And spoke.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I spoke upon the sub-
ject in the Senate; but I did not vote, for the
treaty.
Now, sir, in reference to these matters, we
in New England feel as if a little something
was due to coi.sidcrations of trade. Our trade
with the British Provinces has been of conse-
quence to us. The repeal of the reciprocity
treaty and the kind of feeling that is growing
up is cutting it up by the roots. I should like
to retain some portion of it at least; it is ot
advantage to us. I have already stated to the
Senate that the Committee on Finance, in con-
sidering the tariff bill, thought it was a matter
of some consequence to retain, if possible, our
trade with foreign nations if we could do so
without endangering the interests of the coun-
try. We think so still; and the more we cut
off the receipt of raw materials, coarse mate-
rials which we get from the British Provinces,
the more we interfere with a trade that is val-
uable and beneficial to us.
Now, the Senate will permit me to bring a
personal matter into consideration : I cannot
help mentioning it. I stated the other day. in
a few remarks that I made, and I closed the
remarks I then made by saying, that it would
not do to trust the manufacturer with making
a tariff. I will extend that remark and- say
it would not do to trust the commercial peo-
ple with making a tariff. It would not do to
trust any men exclusively interested in one
line with making a tariff. The interests of
all must be consulted; and those who are not
particularly interested in one branch, 1 think,
should decide the question. Fortunately, I
as an individual am not interested in manufac-
tures or in trade or in anything, even in agri-
culture, except to the extent of about half an
acre of land in my garden ; and I do not find
that very profitable, for I believe every cucum-
ber I raise costs me a quarter of a dollar. So
I think I am in a pretty good state to act upon
this question, having no great personal inter-
est. But I see that a correspondent of the
New York Tribune has undertaken to saythat
I stated here in debate that it would not do to
trustthe manufacturers to make a tariff, because
they would destroy, or desire to destroy, the
commercial interests of the country, or some-
thing of that sort. I made no such statement
of any kind or description.
Mr. CONNESS. I thought you nevernoticed
what the papers said. -
Mr. FESSENDEN. My attention was called
to it or I should not have noticed it. I stated
what I have just said, and it required a great
deal of ingenuity in this correspondent to pick
out two different parts of my speech and put
them together in that way, and it required not
a little coolness to do it when on the same page
of the newspaper was the report of the .Asso-
ciated Press which stated correctly what I did
say upon the subject, and the Globe stated it
more at length ; and both statements were to
the same' effect. It was a very silly misrepre-
sentation as well as a malicious one. How-
ever, I have paid all the attention to it that I
designed.
I repeat what I said with reference to that
point: it is of importance in my judgment that
we should retain as much of our foreign trade
as we can, if by doing we are not affecting
injuriously other interests, and those which
may be considered by some gentlemen more
peculiarly the interests of this country.
Now, then, it is perfectly manifest that
the Senator from Maryland [Mr. Creswell]
has argued from his apprehensions. It is
utterly impossible that the light duty, compar-
atively, of fifty cents per ton upon Pictou coal
could interfere essentially with Cumberland
coal or with any other coal in any way; and to
raise that duty to the amount now proposed
imposes a heavier burden by increasing the
duty upon the few manufacturers of iron there
are" in New England, and it makes a heavier
tax on the light which the people get from the
manufacture of gas. Now, cannot the Senator
afford that little boon to New England, ivhichis
so heavily burdened with reference to these
taxes that are put on for the benefit of the iron
interest in which his constituents are concerned?
Mr. CRESWELL.. We should be glad to
grant it if we could afford it; but our charities
must be measured by our ability.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is the very point.
I contend that it can be afforded, because the
interests of one does not interfere with the
other, as I have shown, unless the Senator can
convince me that we could use the Cumberland
coal for the purpose of making gas, and get
enough of it.
Mr. CIIESWELL. There is plenty of coal
in the conntrv to make gas from.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Where will the Sena-
tor find it?
Mr. CRESWELL. Jn the very place the
Senator mentioned himself—Westmoreland
county. Pennsylvania, and West Viigiuia.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 suppose you can
in Westmoreland county, Pennsylvania, find
some ; but when you come to put on the freights
upon an article so necessary as li^ht for the
people—heavy railroad freights such as are
imposed by the Baltimore and Ofiio railroad
