1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1499
at New Orleans just before the breaking out
of the rebellion, and the party against whom
it was rendered desired to take an appeal from
that judgment,. The State of Louisiana was in
the possession of the rebels. How could a
party bring an appeal under those circum-
stances? Now, after we have acquired pos-
session of that febel territory an appeal is
brought, but the objection is taken that that
appeal is brought too late; more than five
years have elapsed from the rendering of the
judgment before it was possible to bring the
appeal, and yet some parties have, to my
knowledge, brought an appeal under those cir-
cumstances. Now, this bill is intended to val-
idate that appeal and to give it effect, although
more than five years have elapsed from the
rendering of the judgment to the time of taking
the appeal. Parties have been vigilant, dili-
gent, and brought the appeal as soon as they
could; but they were interrupted by the rebel-
lion, so that appeals could not be brought year
by year.
That is the effect of this bill. Will anybody
say that it is wrong? Will anybody say a party
ought to lose the benefit of an appeal because
the rebels were in possession of the country,
so that the appeal could not be served on the
proper court or officer? The Senator from
Illinois will not pretend that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator from
New York then mean to say that if a judgment
was rendered in the State of Louisiana forty
years ago, and an appeal has now been brought
for the first time, he is going to give the right
to prosecute that appeal? This is that provis-
ion ; there is no limitation to it.
Mr. HARRIS. Is there any harm in that,
I will ask the Senator from Illinois ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think there is.
Mr. HARRIS. Where the bringing of the
appeal has been interrupted by the rebellion,
if the five years had elapsed before that, I do
not wish to give an appeal.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is not this bill.
The Senator is sneaking of one thing ; the ob-
jection I make is to another. The Senator
speaks of this bill having been agreed to by
ail of the committee. It never was agreed to
by me. The Senator from New York was au-
thorized to prepare an amendment to the bill,
but I have never agreed to it. The objection
is that there is no limitation. The Senator
from New York does not mean to author-
ize an appeal to be taken now where the full
five years had transpired before the rebel-
lion. Does he mean that? I do not think he
does. I do not think that the Congress of
the United States is prepared to say that you
may bring an appeal in a case that was decided
twenty years ago. The intention ot the bill,
if I understand it, is to give the party the same
right to take an appeal now that he would have
had if there had been no rebellion. Now,
suppose his right to take an appeal had trans-
pired before the war began, would he not un-
der this first clause, if he brought up an appeal
since, although the live years had transpired,
have a right to prosecute the appeal still? It
seems to me so. .
Mr. HARRIS. If this chance to bring the
appeal had been interrupted by the rebellion
it would be so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is not one word
about its being interrupted by the rebellion
in this part of the section. If the Senator
from New York will look at it he will see
that it is so; let me read again the first lines:
That where any appeal or writ of error has been
brought to the Supreme Court from any final judg-
ment or decree of any inferior court of the United
States for any judicial district m which subsequently
to the rendition of such judgment or decree the reg-
ular sessions of such court have been suspended or
interrupted by insurrection or rebellion.
Now, what has been interrupted? The ses-
sion of the court from which the appeal is
brought:
Such appeal or writ of error shall be valid and
effectual, notwithstanding the time limited bylaw
for bringing- the same may itavo previously expned.
I suppose this bill is to fit some particular
case. Let me name a case: suppose that in
1850 a judgment was rendered by the circuit
court in a district of Louisiana, and now for
the first time an appeal is attempted to be
prosecuted from that decision.
Mr. FESSBNDEN. I suggest that every-
thing desired can be reached by adding a pro-
viso that the provisions of the bill shall not
apply to any case where the right of appeal
had expired before the rebellion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that would cor-
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think there
can be objection to that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It certainly is not in-
tended to open all the cases back in the past.
Mr. HARRIS. Of course not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then add a proviso to
that effect, and we shall be relieved from all
this trouble.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the latter clause
of it would want a limitation, too:
And in cases where no appeal or writ of error has
been brought from any such judgment or decree,
such appeal or writ of error may be brought within
one year from the passage of this act.
Suppose the judgment was rendered twenty
years ago, is it intended to give a year to bring
an appeal now? There ought to be an amend-
ment to this clause.
Mr. HARRIS. Let the Senator suggest an
amendment and we will agree to it at once.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If I could have time to
prepare an amendment I would do it. It ought
to be amended so as not to give the right of
appeal in a case where it was barred before the
rebellion.
Mr. HARRIS. Of course.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the bill be
laid aside informally for a few moments, and
while something else is being considered an
amendment can be prepared.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By com-
mon consent the bill will be laid aside tem-
porarily.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
subsequently resumed the consideration of the
bill.
Mr. HARRIS. I have prepared an amend-
ment which relieves the bill from the criticism
of the Senator from Illinois, and is satisfactory
to him. It is to add to the amendment already
adopted:
Tho provisions of this act shall not apply to any
ease in which the right to bring the appeal or writ ot
error had expired before such suspension or inter-
ruption of the regular sessions of the court.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is satisfactory.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
m'The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
CONGRESSIONAL PRINTER.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to take up House
bill No. 1099, to provide for the election of a
Congressional Printer.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to know if that bill
is to occupy time?
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not see why it should
occupy time.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not wish to antagonize
with any bill in which the Senator is interested ;
but there is a measure to which the Senate
is to a certain extent pledged, and that is the
Louisiana bill. .
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not wish to antag-
onize this or anything else againt that bill, but
I should like to have a chance to get this bill
disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Rhode
The motion was agreed to; and tlie bill (Ii.
R. No. 1099) providing for the election ot a
Congressional Printer was considered as m
Committee of the Whole.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Printing was in section one, line three, to strike
out the words " House of Representatives"
and insert "Senate."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out " viva
voce'' after1' elect'' in line three of section one.
The amendment was agreed to.
The firstsection as amended provides : "That
the Senate shall elect some competent pernt n,
who shall be a practical printer, to take ehaige
of and manage the Government Printing Office.''
The next amendment was in section two,
line two, to strike out "selected" and insert
"elected;" in lines two and throe to strike
out "House of Representatives" and insert
"Senate."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines four and
five of section two to strike out tho words
"and shall hold his office for two years, and
until his successor shall be elected."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines five and
six of section two to strike out "print and
bind" and insert "superintend the printing
and binding of;" in lino seven, after "docu-
ments," to insert "as shall be;" and in fine
eight to strike out "execute" and insert
" superintend the execution of."
The amendment was agreed to.
The second section, as amended, reads:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the person so
elected shall be deemed an officer of the Senate, and
shall bo designated J' Congressional Printer.' He
shall superintend tho printing and binding of the
Journals and such other documents as shall bo ordered
by each House of Congress, and shall superintend the
execution of all tho printing and binding lor the
respective Departments of the Government now
required by law to be executed at the Government
Printing Office, and shall in all respects bo governed
by tho laws in forcoin relation to the Superintend-
ent of Public Printing and tho execution of the print-
ing and binding.
The third section provides that, from and
after the passage of the act, and the election of
a Congressional Printer in pursuance of it, the
office of Superintendent of Public Printing
shall be abolished.
Mr. ANTHONY. One other amendment
should be made to come in at the end of sec-
tion three:
And tho salary of Said officer shall be at the rate
of $1,000 a year.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. _ I will state very frankly
what the object of this bill is. It is to place
the printing of Congress under tho charge of
an officer who shall be elected by, and imme-
diately responsible to, Congress. It is deemed
impracticable that such an officer should be
elected by the two Houses of Congress; and
it is exceedingly inconvenient that he should
be elected by the House of Representatives,
because in that case the tenure of his office
must necessarily be for two years only;
whereas if he is elected by the Senate, and
becomes an officer of the Senate, he holds his
office during the pleasure of the Senate under
the general rule. For this reason the commit-
tee have proposed amendments, to which the
Senate have assented, changing the election of
the officer from the House of Representatives
to the Senate.
The object of this bill is, as I have stated,
to make the Superintendent of Public Printing,
called by this bill the Congressional Printer,
immediately responsible to Congress. Ihe
President of the United States during the
recess of Congress removed the Superintend-
ent of Public Printing, and appointed another
mail in his place. It is not for me to question
the motives which actuated the President m
that act, which he was certainly constitution-
ally entitled to perform; but I know of no
reason except that the man removed sympa-
thizes with the majority of Congress; and the
man who was appointed in his place is "P°n
the other side. There may have been other
reasons, but if so, they have not been com-
municated to me. I think there are many
. reasons why an officer whose relations arc so
I intimate with Congress should, if not elected
