1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
735
and other roads, which make the price of coal
so burdensome—it becomes a serious question
whether the article will bear such an increase.
But, sir, I do not feel disposed to continue
this debate. The matter is one in which my
constituents are much interested; but really it
is so small that it strikes me it is hardly worth
while to insist upon the duty being raised upon
this coal. The duty under the existing tariff
is $1 25, and the amendment is to make it
$1 50.. As I said before, at the rate proposed
by the committee, fifty cents, the protection is
in fact $1 70, because in the first place Cum-
berland coal is worth one dollar a ton more for
any purpose for which it is used, and in the
second place the fifty cents duty on gold
amounts to nearly seventy cents in currency,
bringing it up to what I stated.
Mr. ORES WELL. There is but one remark
that fell from the Senator from Maine to which
I desire to reply, and that is as to the inordi-
nate charges of the canals and railroads who
are the carriers of our coal to market. Our
theory on that is precisely the same as it is on
all other manufactured articles. Our desire is
to have so much coal produced in the country
as to make a competition in that article inside
of the country, not only as to the production
of coal, but also as to the freightage of the
coal, so that it may be brought down to the
lowest possible figure at which the companies
can by transportation make a living. The
difficulty with the Baltimore and Ohio railroad
and with the Chesapeake and Ohio canal was
perhaps more owing to their location than
their own fault. During the war they were
broken up several times; the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad was broken up three times; the
Chesapeake and Ohio canal was broken up,
boats were burned, the banks were destroyed,
the locks were injured. But if these compa-
nies have charged inordinately, let other com-
panies be organized for purposes of transport-
ation, and let those companies compete with
them and bring the prices down to the lowest
figure.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Your State will not or-
ganize them.
Mr. CRESWELL. She will organize them
if necessary. Maryland is as much interested
in having cheap coal as any other State, and
we want-to have our mines developed to such
an extent that the amount produced shall
always force a way to market and oblige those
who produce coal and who carry coal to do it
at the lowest possible figure.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, theseclauses
of the bill which it is proposed to strike out as
they now stand mean, I suppose, if they mean
anything, to admit the principle of protection,
and the propriety of applying the principle of
protection to the production of coal in this
country. Both the clauses propose to impose
a certain sum per ton upon coal; therefore the
necessity, the propriety of giving protection is
conceded; the principle is admitted. That
being admitted, the next question is, does the
bill as it now stands accomplish the purpose
proposed by4t. If it is necessary to have this
principle of protection incorporated in the bill
at all, if the principle itself be right, then the
question is, how far shall it be applied. Will
the insertion of a mere nominal sum in this
bill, which does not accomplish the proposed
purpose, satisfy the country or satisfy the
implied understanding by incorporating this
provision in the bill? What is the use of
admitting the principle in the bill by imposing
a duty unless such duty shall be imposed as
accomplishes the purpose proposed by the bill?
It seems to me that the two clauses of the
bill are inconsistent with themselves. Coal
from one side of a certain geographical line
must pay $1 50; coal from within that geo-
graphical line is to pay only fifty cents per ton
of twenty-eight bushels.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is not a new
principle. We impose different duties upon
goods directly imported from the East Indies
and goods imported from the East Indies by
way of Europe. Why do we do it? It has
been in our tariffs for a long time.
Mr. WILLEY. I confess, Mr. President,
that I am not very familiar with the details of
the tariff bills; but has not the Senator got
the cart before the horse ? Is not the discrim-
ination the other way in the instance men-
tioned ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The reason simply is
that some other interests which are important
to the country require it.
Mr. WILLEY. It may be so; but if there
be anything in the Senator's point it would be
proper for him to show that different interests
require the discrimination here. Now, the
point to which I was wishing to direct the at-
tention of the Senate was this: if it be neces-
sary to protect this branch of American industry
from foreign competition at all, and to impose
duty upon the foreign article, where is the pro-
priety of imposing a greater duty upon the same
article which comes from a different longitude?
If we want to protect domestic industry against
the introduction of a foreign article coming in
competition with our own article, we fail very
much to accomplish it when we impose a high
duty upon the distant article, which perhaps
would not or could not be so easily brought
into competition with our article, and a lower
duty upon an article in a foreign country lying
nearer our shores.
But then, Mr. President, I fully concur with
the Senator from Maine, and with other Sena-
tors, that we should have coal, it being an arti-
cle of general consumption in the country, upon
terms as reasonable as possible. I am willing
to admit that it enters very largely into the
comforts and conveniences and necessaries of
society. But then, reverting again to the prin-
ciple incorporated in the bill, that we propose
to protect the domestic article and to protect
our domestic industry engaged in producing
this article, why should we not adopt a propo-
sition which will accomplish that purpose?
But, then, Mr. President, following out the
policy of this principle of protection in regard
to the production of coal, what would be the
probable result? It may be, and I believe it
is, the fact that the Cumberland coal is not
very valuable as a gas-producing article. The
Senator from Maine seems rather to doubt
whether we had in this country any very con-
siderable mines producing gas-making coal.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, I do not. I said
that in Westmoreland county, Pennsylvania,
it existed; and it exists very largely in Ohio.
There is no doubt about that.
Mr- WILLEY. It exists very largely in
Ohio, very largely in Pennsylvania, and it
exists all over West Virginia. Our hills are
full of cannel coal with which no other coal
can come into competition in the production
of gas. Our hills are full of bituminous coal.
The gas of this city is made from coal from
within nineteen miles of where I live, a large
portion of it. Our hills, too, upon recent
discoveries are full in some places of asphal-
tnm, albertite, or chap-a-po-te. We have the
means of enlightening the world if you will
only give us protection enough to enable us to
do it. We have fifteen thousand miles of coal-
fields, some of our hills developing in different
strata as high as seventy feet of workable
coal.
Interspersed through all these mines are
veins of cannel goal. And we have, besides
that, the purest asphaltum in the world—a ver-
tical vein which is a curiosity to all geologists,
five feet thick, ascending to the top of the
mountains, and descending perhaps two thou-
sand feet, already explored two hundred feet
deep, so rich, so near to resin itself that out of
it you can produce one hundred and twenty gal-
lons of pure oil to a ton. And yet, sir, in West
Virginia we have a terra incognita of these min-
eral resources, placed as it were almost in the
center of the United States, on this side of the
Rocky mountains, as yet unexplored, unde-
veloped, with the Ohio river to carry it south-
ward, wanting means to get to these mines.
These rich resources in our State are attract-
ing the attention of capitalists. Already men
have been purchasing up some of these rich
mines; already are men investing their capital
in constructing railroads from the northwestern
branch of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad
into the interior to these mines ; they are con-
structing retorts there for the purpose of mak-
ing oil out of this asphaltum, and reaching our
rich mines. What we want is reasonable pro-
tection ; and if we are to have protection at
all, if the principle of this bill is worth any-
thing at all and is to be recognized, give us
such protection as will be effective.
This cannel coal, this gas-making coal, is a
matter of very great interest to all the country.
Besides a great object of the protection of the
encouragement of domestic industry is the de-
velopment of tlfe resources of our country, and
thus the increase of the aggregate wealth of
the country.' All I want is that the principle
of this bill may be made practically efficient,
that if we are to have protection at all we shall
have such reasonable protection as will enable
us fairly to compete with the foreign producer. -
A protection that does not amount to that is
no protection at all; it is a mere delusion, and
is tantalizing the capital of the country and
the domestic industry and labor of the country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me say to the Sen-
ator that in the imposition of this duty protec-
tion was not in view at all, because the com-
mittee did not think that our bituminous coal
needed any protection whatever against the
coal that is imported from Nova Scotia; but
a small duty was imposed by way of revenue ;
it was not made large, for the reason that other
interests of the country require that it should
not be. That is the simple reason.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I have
found myself unable to bring my mind to sup-
port a tax upon an article depending altogether
upon the longitude from whence it comes; and
when this bill was read by the Secretary there
was nothing in it that struck me'&s more singu-
lar than the proposition that coal coming from
beyond a certain longitude should be taxed
$1 50, while coal coming from within that
longitude should be taxed fifty cents. If the
chairman of the committee would say to us
that the coal brought from beyond that line
was worth three times as much as the coal that
is brought from within that line, then perhaps
his argument would have force.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I thought I stated
once, and that the Senate understood com-
pletely. that the object of the clause was to
let in'Pictou coal at a low rate; bat owing to
the condition of our treaties we cannot make
a distinction between countries. We can,
however, draw a distinction generally, which
does not nominally make a difference between
one country and another. It is drawn as it. is
to avoid the operation of treaties which pre-
vent our naming the place. - That I under-
stand to be the origin of the clause/
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then why not put it
all at fifty cents? There is nothing in the
treaties to prevent us putting all coals at fifty
cents, I suppose, if that is right, if that is the
tax that ought to be upon them. Now, I
know of no interest that can be protected, if
we are to have protection as a purpose of
legislation at all. with less hurt to the country
than coai. It will make no difference to us
in the western States whether the tax upon
foreign,, coals be one dollar or five dollars a
ton, for no coal can reach the interior of this
country from the sea-coast; and I suppose that
the only section that can be_ affected by this
provision is that section that lies upon the At-
lantic coast; and it is simply a proposition that
they shall have cheap coal from the Provinces
coming in immediate competition with the coal
interests of our own States. I do not think that
is right if we are to have a tariff bill at all like
this.
The burden of the argument *>f the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Shekman] in support of this
bill, who represented the committee in its
