130
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 27,
Ho. op Reps.
Tariff—Mr. Kerr.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
the lobbies of Congress with their hired agents
and burden the desks of members with their
multiform appeals for a higher tariff. They
generally succeed. The same process of un-
healthy stimulation and production is seen
with the same ultimate increase of prices and
of the cost of living and labor. Profits fail
again, of course, and the protectionists and
monopolists demand more tariff. Thus each
attempt to build up the material interests of
the country by such swindling systems of gov-
ernment-nursingand hot-house protection only
prepares the way for another. ....
The overwhelming truth of this principle is i
demonstrated by the legislation of Congress !
on the tariff during the last six years. During
that brief period there have been enacted ten [
tariff laws, and every one has given an increase :
of duties over its predecessor. Now. another
advance is demanded, and if granted it will
make a tariff so high, grinding, and prohibit-
ory, as to impair the revenue from imposts,
still further encourage reckless speculation,
gambling, and stimulation of prices, and take
millions out of the pockets of the consumers
as the mere advance on the prices of merchan-
dise now on the shelves of our manufacturers
and importers. If this bill were passed, how
long would it satisfy the protectionists and
speculators? It imposes rates of duties that
are high and extravagant beyond any prece-
dent in the history of our country. On many
articles it is absolutely prohibitory, and on
others it is so high as to destroy entirely its
value as a source of revenue. It embraces
nearly or over three thousand dutiable or
taxed articles. It affects directly almost every
value and every material interest of the entire
country, and cannot fail still further to inflate
prices and to increase the cost of living, and
hasten a crisis in our financial and commercial
affairs which may prove disastrous to our
prosperity for years.
I hold that the true principles of personal
liberty entitle every man to purchase what he
wants where he can do so on the best terms,
and to sell where he can obtain the best prices.
The conduct of men everywhere in the business
of buying ar.d selling is always most wisely
regulated by the law of intelligent self-interest.
They need no tariff laws nor tinkering aid of
any kind from legislators to instruct them
where or on what terms to buy or sell. The
laws which control all intelligent trade and
commerce must be free and unwritten. They
are always best regulated when they are self-
regulated.
But the support of civil government requires
revenue ; and the country is not yet prepared
to assess and collect it directly from the people,
according to their individual ability to pay it.
It rather prefers to assess and collect it by pro-
cesses of indirection and by rules of inequality.
It therefore justifies tariffs for revenue, not for
protection for protection's sake. Some degree
of protection will result from any well-adjusted
tariff for revenue. But the protection should
be incidental; it should be the secondary, not
the primary object of the tariff; its primary
purpose should be revenue. It should be so
arranged as to make its burdens rest as lightly
as possible on and to trammel as little as pos-
sible the commerce, the labor, and the industry
of the country. The greatest possible free-
dom consistent with the collection of sufficient
revenue to support the Government, economi-
cally administered, should be accorded and
guarantied to all the ordinary and honest pur-
suits and industries of the people.
Such a system of revenue and tax laws would
vastly facilitate the collection of revenue and
diminish the temptations to fraud. The coun-
try would not then hq.ve to make the humiliat-
ing confession that by reason of frauds invited
and provoked by the very excess of its imposi-
tions, some of the best sources of revenue nave
produced the least results. For example: the
present tax on spirits is two dollars per gallon;
Mr. Wells estimates the annual consumption
of domestic spirits at forty million gallons; the
annual revenue arising from this, if honestly
paid, would be $80,000,000; but in fact it is
only about twenty-nine million dollars. It can-
not be doubted that if the tax were reduced to
fifty cents per gallon on domestic spirits, and
the duty to fifty or seventy-five cents per gallon
on foreign spirits, the aggregate revenue would
be greatly increased. The high premium which
excessive duties or taxes always offer, to suc-
cessful fraud or evasion would be thus removed.
Honest men would be encouraged to embark
in business with a fair prospect of being able
to sustain themselves in competition with their
less scrupulous neighbors engaged in the same
business. _ _ .
Our systems of import and excise duties are
extremely vicious, expensive, and complicated
by reason of their attempt to embrace every
article of production, cither domestic or for-
eign, which finds a market in our countryIt
is by such agencies, in connection with an irre-
deemable and redundant national currency,
that all prices are inflated to the starving point,
I the industries of the country are made to trem-
ble upon the verge of ruin, and agriculture, the
greatest and most unfailing source of our na-
tional prosperity, is made to languish. It is
thus that our commercial marine has been
expelled from the ocean, our foreign trade
destroyed, and our people compelled to pay
tribute into the coffers of other nations.
In suggestive contrast with these systems is
the policy of England. In 1865 her whole
customs revenue was levied upon less than
fifty articles, and of $115,000,000 from cus-
toms duties $112,000,000 were raised from
twelve articles alone. Her internal revenue
in the same year amounted to $239,000,000,
and was levied upon a very small number of
articles in comparison with ours. Thus most
of her industries are left free, and even her
manufactures are not depressed, but are still
enabled to enter with vigor and success into
competition with the whole world. Let us
profit by her example. The volume of tax
imposed upon our people is excessive and op-
pressive, and then it is-made doubly so by the
unwise and reckless manner in which it is dis-
tributed.
One of the results of this vicious policy is
that there are now living in Europe one hun-
dred thousand Americans, either with or with-
out families to support. Their expenditures,
even at the lowest estimate, cannot be less
than $2,000 each per annum on an average,
for many of them belong to " shoddy." They
have grown rich by practicing on the credulity
of the people and the weakness or wickedness
of legislators, through protective tariff swin-
dles anil otherwise, and prefer, very natu-
rally, too, to spend their money where they can
get the most for it. Owing to our most unwise,
dishonest, and vicious systems of tariffs and
currency in this country, living in Europe costs
less than half what it does here. Over two
hundred million dollars, nearly one third of
the entire earnings of our thirty-odd million
people, are yearly sent to Europe for the sup-
port of an aristocracy of American absentees.
Thus those who are fattened upon the advan-
tages of our infamous system of "protection,"
and of other unjust and unequal laws, are en-
abled to fly from their evil results and enjoy
life and ill-gotten wealth under the wiser and
cheaper systems in other nations. These
statements are not mere assumptions, but are
suggested by a very able speech on the cur-
rency lately made by the gentleman from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Mokrill,] and were originally
contained, as I am informed, in an official
letter from one of our consuls abroad, who
made the estimates with great care. Mr.
Speaker, it is as clear as any truth in mathe-
matics that no wise, just, and impartial domes-
tic policy can lead to such injurious results.
There is a limit to the capacity of any peo-
ple to pay taxes, and it seems to me to be very
clear that we have passed that limit in this
country now. The unequaled and wonderful
ingenuity and skill and recuperative power of
our people have carried them thus far without a
great crisis. But the increasing burdens and
gathering discontent of the people portend the
approaching storm. I propose to consider
somewhat in detail the extent of these burdens
and the ability of the people to bear them.
An honorable Senator stated upon authority,
in a speech in defense of this abominable tariff
bill the other day, that in the year 1860 the
j entire yearly earnings of our people amounted
in value to the sum of $755,000,000 in gold.
; I have taken the trouble to examine this im-
S portant statement with the view of ascertaining
I its truth, and I believe it to be as nearly cor-
rect as so vast a calculation is capable of being
made.
The market rate of interest in the largest
commercial city of this country is usually about
five per cent, per annum. This is the rate at
-which capital is loaned when the transaction
is as far as possible free from risk—such trans-
actions being known as "call loans." This
rate indicates with unerring accuracy the aver-
age net profit which is capable of being made
upon the investment of capital of every kind
within the country: capital in money, in lands,
in merchandise, in ships, in railroads, or other
investments; and the reason why the rate of
interest and the rate of net profit are neces-
sarily the same, Mr. Speaker, is this : that in
the long run, were it more profitable to lend
or sell goods, lands, ships, or other like thing
of value, than to lend or sell money, no person
could be found to pursue the latter calling.
Individual cases may occur, and do frequently
occur, where a larger yearly profit is made on
the capital employed in negotiating merchan-
dize, land, or shipping transactions, than by
negotiating transactions in money ; but allow-
ance must be made in such cases for the value
of the personal services of the individual
engaged in these transactions. Beyond this,
such cases of larger percentage of profit than
is indicated by the prevailing rate of interest
are exceptions, resulting from peculiar circum-
stances, or unjust laws, and to counterbalance
them many failures occur in all these dealings,
which not only involve the loss of the profit,
but of the principal besides. I venture to say
that any large capitalists at our commercial
centers, like Mr. Claflin, the great dry-good3
merchant of New York, Mr. Astor, the great
real estate owner, or Mr. Jay Cooke, the great
banker, would be fully satisfied with a sure
gain of five per cent, per annum on their capital.
If more proof were needed, I would point you
to the avidity with which the bonds of the Gov-
ernment, bearing interest at the rate of seven
and three tenths per cent, are held at over par.
For why would a man lend his .capital to the
Government at this rate amidst all the incerti-
tude of lingering civil disorder if he could ob-
tain with certainty an equal or greater return
for it in banking, in commerce, or in real estate
operations?
This fact being established, it follows that
whatever the aggregate capital wealth of the
entire people is, their aggregate yearly profits
must be five per cent., or one twentieth part of
that capital wealth, that being the rate at which
individual wealth grows, and being, therefore,
the rate at which our combined individual or
national wealth grows also. Now, as the capital
wealth of the people in 1860 was $16,000,-
000,000, valued in gold, the yearly increase
amounted to $800,000,000, gold, or substan-
tially about the same sum estimated by the
authority quoted in the honorable Senator's
speech. We shall presently see the signifi-
cance of this result.
Were it necessary to still further vindicate
these calculations, it might be done in several
ways. They can be corroborated by calcu-
lating the productive power of the eight mil-
