1867.
ESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
Senator will modify his amendment so as to
apply it specifically to planters' hoes and not
extetnfcit to all other hoes.
, Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask
the Senator from Connecticut why the other
hoes are not imported. He says these are the
only ones imported.
Mr. FOSTER. Because they are made of
different iron, and the manufacture has bfeen
so constantly in the hands of the American
manufacturer that foreign competition is en-
tirely Out of the question now. The manu-
facture of planters'hoes, however, was entirely
broken up during the war. If I mistake not,
there vyereabouttwo hundred and fifty thousand
dozen nsed per annum f#rmerly; but during the
war this branch of business, which is a distinct
business, entirely different from the manufac-
ture of the common hoe, was brokeil up alto-
gether, and is now in the hands of foreigners,
and without some protection will continue to
be in their hands. It is not so, however, in
regard to the ordinary hoe of the farmer.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The difference between
them is that one, the common hoe that is made
here is a very nice product, a product of con-
siderable skilled labor, which has reached-gucli
a point that the business here cannot be inter-
fered with. The other is a coarse, rough man-
ufacture. The "Amount of it is, that that par-
ticular kind of hoe as it is made is about the
simplest of all iron work, a very simple man-
ufacture indeed, requiring very little skill, as
little almost as anything that is made—nothing
to be compared with the ordinary hoe.
Mr. FOSTER. I wish I had here a planters'
hoe which I have in my room, and the honor-
able Senator would find that he is mistaken
when he calls it a coarse article or one not
requiring skill. It is one of the most finished
articles I ever saw.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose anybody
could make a plausible statement by making
out a list of various items entering into the
cost of any manufacture, and assuming the
wear and tear of the grindstones used in mak-
ing a dozen hoes to be five cents, and other
articles in proportion. A large calculation
might be made out in that way. I do not
think that the wear of a grind stone in grind-
ing a dozen hoes would be five cents ; nor do
I think the quantity of coal guessed at is a safe
criterion for us to go by. Sir, I have one
answer to the Senator: does he know how
much these hoes cost on the other side?
Mr. FOSTER. I do not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Two dollars and a half
a dozen. The tax is over fifty per cent, on this
very common article.
Mr. FOSTER. I presume the same resort
is had in that case as in others to the practice
of invoicing goods greatly below the cost. The
invoice is one of the last evidences of real value.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There cannot be any
fraud in an article of this sort, and there is
none. The commissioner informs me that he
heard testimony on the subject, and it seemed
to him to be grossly unreasonable, upon so sim-
ple and plain an article as this was to put the
duty so high. To require a duty of over fifty
Eer cent, on the cost of so plain an article as a
oe I think is unreasonable, and therefore I
shall vote against the amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to inquire
of the chairman of the Finance Committee
whether hoes are made abroad and imported ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. This kind of hoe is.
Mr. CONNESS. But is it proposed to raise
the duty upon this particular kind which is
imported?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Con-
necticut proposes, as I understand, to vary his
amendment so as to make it applicable only to
these.
Mr. CONNESS. To hoes of the kind which
are imported from abroad?
Mr. FOSTER. I said I was perfectly will-
ing that the amendment should apply to plant-
ers' hoes only, and I will modify the amend-
ment by proposing to strike out, in line two
hundred ana sixty-four, the words "on other
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 47.
hoes," arid then to insert, after line iv/o hun-
dred and sixty-five, " on all other hoes, made
wholly or in part of steel or iron, $1 50 per
dozen;" so as to make the provision stand
thus:
On planters' hoes, wholly or in part of steel oriron
two dollars per dozen.
On all other hoes, wholly or in part of steel or iron,
81 50 per dozen.
Mr.WILLIAMS. I do not know that there
is anybody here to represent the planters, and
it may be a little unpopular to undertake to
speak in behalf of their interests, but it seems
to me that a proposition to impose a tax upon
planter's hoes, higher than is imposed upon
other hoes, is an unjust discrimination. I
understand the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut to say that in this country the other
hoes can be and are" manufactured, and that
there is no competition from the foreign mar-
ket. I suppose that about the same ingredients
enter into the manufacture of one hoe as of
another hoe, though there may be some differ-
ence ; and I suppose there is. Of course both
require labor. If these hoes are such as the
Senator represents, I do not know that I ever
saw planter's hoes; but if it be a hoe that is
made of an excellent article, and is the product
of skilled labor, then it seems to me it is very
different, so far as the labor is concerned, from
the other hoe, and I do not think that this
proposition to impose a tariff of two dollars
per dozen upon planter's hoes, while a tariff
of only $1 50 is imposed upon other hoes, is
a reasonable or just distinction to make, and
I would rather the clause should stand as it
was originally reported by the committee than
to see this change made, as though there was
an effort here to strike a blow at the interests
of the planters, or impose a burden on them
which is not imposed on other people.
These planters are men whose circumstances
will not allow them to pay any higher tariff
than the men who use hoes in the northern
States; but on the contrary they are in embar-
rassed circumstances. The cultivation of cot-
ton in this country is an interest that we are
all interested in promoting ; and if any class
of persons in the United States need cheap
instruments of labor, certainly that class is the
planters of the South who are engaged in the
cultivation of cotton. I presume that the esti-
mate of the Senator is correct. I have no
doubt his arithmetic is correct; but I have had
enough experience in connection with this tariff
bill to know that when you assume, as some of
these persons interested in the manufacture of
an article do sometimes, that a certain ingredi-
ent costs a certain sum, which is altogether an
assumption, an imaginary thing, and then pro-
ceed with the argument, you can arrive at a
very satisfactory conclusion and show any
result that you desire to show. But there are
very often mistakes in assuming that the value
of a certain ingredient is a certain sum. I sup-
pose the honorable Senator has been furnished
with this information by persons who are in-
terested in the manufacture of the article. I
undertake to say that you may take up any
article in this tariff bill that is the product of
labor and is made up of materials upon which
a tax is imposed, and it is not difficult (if you
allow a man to make his own showing and
assume the prices to be just what he thinks
they are or ought to be) to show that nobody
is protected in this bill or that but few persons
are protected. And yet when you read the bill
everybody is forcibly struck with the high tariff
that is imposed upon almost every article.
Mr. FOSTER. The honorable Senator will
allow me to say that there is not a single ele-
ment that I have stated as making up the
amount of cost of the manufacture of these
hoes which is an estimate of value merely. It
is taken from the tariff bill as it stands, so
much duty on so many pounds of iron, on so
many pounds of steel, on so much borax, on
so much emery. There is an estimate in re-
gard to grindstones, and the honorable Sena-
tor from Maine thinks I have got that a few
cents too high. That item is five cents in the
calculation. That is the only estimate there is
in the whole. It is not an estimate of value;
it is simply what the duty bj; law will be if this
bill passes. There is no opinion about it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suppose there is an
opinion expressed as to the amount at any rate
of these different ingredients it will take to
make a dozen hoes.
Mr. FOSTER. So far as that is concerned
it is true.
Mr. WILLIAMS. There is no absolute cer-
tainty as to that point. You assume it will take
so much of one article and so much of another
article to make a dozen hoes, and upon that
basis I do not pretend to dispute the computa-
tion of the honorable Senator; but I say that
I know that the committee in more than one
case by undertaking to follow computations
that were made by persons interested were mis-
led. I have no doubt the statement of the
Senator so /ar as he is concerned is entirely
correct
Mr. CHANDLER. I stated to the Senator
from Connecticut a few moments ago that I
should support his amendment. I meant the
original amendment. I cannot vote for a dis-
crimination against any one particular interest.
Michigan is not interested in the manufacture
of planters' hoes, but is largely interested in
the manufacture of other hoes. I shall vote
against the amendment as amended.
I regret exceedingly that the Senator's con-
stituents were so unfortunate as to be oppressed
with that extra six cents per hundred pounds
on salt, of which we spoke the other day. I
was in hopes that the Senator would yield
gracefully and think that his people could stand
the enormous pressure; but it seems still to
weigh upon his mind. I do not see any way
that I can aid him out of the difficulty unless
the Senate shall reverse its decision.
Mr. FOSTER. I am not asking that the
honorable Senator Should aid mc out of the
difficulty. Indeed it is a difficulty of his own
creation, not of mine. If he gets along with
his difficulties as I with that, happy as he is
now I think his happiness will increase. But
that is not the point. The honorable Senator
from Oregon says there must be some esti-
mate here. There is an estimate that it takes
thirty-two pounds of iron and steel to make a
dozen of planters' hoes; and that is all the
estimate there is in it; and that is based on
actual experience in the manufacture.
I can assure the honorable Senator from
Iowa that these planters' hoes are very dif-
ferent affairs from the ordinary hoe used by
the farmers. Their weight I should think is
twice or three times as much as that of the
ordinary hoe; and thirty-two pounds of the
iron and steel I think is as little as would be
sufficient to make a dozen. If, however, there
is an error in that estimate, it is all the error
there is. Everything else in the statement I
presented showing that these manufactures
have but seven cents protection from the Gov-
ernment on their manufacture is as certain as
the law. If there is any mistake about the law,
there is a mistake about this calculation, but
not otherwise. The manufacturer of a dozen
hoes where a dollar and fifty cents protection
is nominally given, has seven cents only. The
difference between free trade and this bill is
seven cents so far as he is concerned. I ask
for the yeas and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This a matter that
affects the agricultural interest directly, though
perhaps not very extensively. It seems tp me
that atax of 50 is enough on a dozen of hoes.
The committe have come to that conclusion,
and as' one representing that interest, I hope
the Senate will stand by the committee's report
rather than adopt the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—ij'eas 11, nays 22; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cowan, Dixon, Foster.
Harris, ITowe, Morrill. Spragrue. Wade, Willoy, and
Wilson—11. _ . ,,.
jj-xy S— Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Davis, fcdmunds,
Fes?onden, Frelinprhuysen, Grimes, Henderson. Hen-
dricks, Johnson, Ivirkwood, L.viio, Morgan, Norton,
