738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
Patterson, Riddle, Salisbury, Sherman. Sumner,
Trumbull, Tan Winkle, and Williams—22.
ABSENT — Messrs. Buckalew, Cattell, Conness,
Cragin, Creswell, Doolittle, Fogg, Fowler, Guthrie,
Howard, McDougall, Nesmitb, Nye, Poland, Pome-
roy, Ramsey; Ross, Stewart, and Yates—19.
Mr. POSTER. I offer another amendment,
to come in on the'same page at the' eud of the
two hundred and sixty-first line of seventh
section. The clause, as it now reads, is:
On pocket-knives and poeket-cutlery of all kinds,
fifty-five per cent, ad valorem,
I move to amend the clause by adding to it
these words:
And, in addition thereto, on knives and poeket-
cutlery valued at two dollars per dozen and less than
five dollars per dozen, fifty cents per dozen ; on these
descriptions valued at five dollars per dozen and
over, seventy-five cents per dozen.
The duty as it stands is fifty-five per cent.
ad valorem. My amendment proposes to add
to that on the description of cutlery which is
invoiced or which costs two dollars per dozen
and less than five dollars per dozSn, fifty cents
as a specific duty, and upon those descriptions
•which are valued at five dollars per dozen or over,
seventy-five cents per dozen as a specific duty.
The bill from the House has this provision in
substance, but not precisely in these terms. It is
a specific duty of fifty cents per dozen in addi-
tion to the ad valorem duty in the House bill,
which is fifty or fifty-five per cent., I have for-
gotten which. Now, a duty of fifty-five per
cent, ad valorem on this description of cutlery
is a very small duty. Ail manufacturers and
all merchants are aware that goods imported
from abroad, where the duty is an ad valorem,
duty, are invoiced with reference to saving
money in duties, and the frauds that are al-
leged and believed in relation to foreign in-
voices have grown familiar to us all. I do not
know to what extent they may be true; but no
doubt they are true to a very great extent.
Goods imported from abroad, paying an ad
valorem duty, are no deubt invoiced greatly
below the real value. Anywhere from twenty
to thirty per cent, would unquestionably be a
very low estimate of the amount of difference
between the invoice and the actual cost.
Therefore, when this amount of fifty-five per
cent., which is ad valorem, comes to be applied
to goods thus fraudulently invoiced, the real
protection is much less than fifty-five per cent.;
probably one half would be a fair estimate;
and so one third the duty is avoided by the
fraudulent invoicing of the property. The
duties on all the articles which enter into the
composition ofthis pocket-cutlery are so greatly
increased by this bill that the protection of the
former duty of fifty per cent-., which I think is
the existing rate, is very much diminished, and
the duty on this particular manufacture will be
less under the new bill than it is under the
present law. Now, a specific duty of fifty
cents a dozen over and above the ad valorem
duty of fifty-five per cent, does not afford as
great protection to the manufacturers of these
articles as the ordinary rate of protection in
this bill. It is less, very much less.
The effect of the protective system upon this
kind of manufacture has already worked out
the result which the friends of the American
system claimed for it to a very great extent.
As proof of that I would call the attention of
the Senate to a few facts in regard to the cost
of American knives and cutlery in New York
in 1864 and in 1866 as compared with foreign
knives in those years.
American knives in the year 1864 in the city
of New York, taking five different grades of
knives, had a market value of $2 75 a dozen
for one grade; $3 30 a dozen for another; $6 32J
for another; $10 45 for another, and $22
for another. The imported knives of the same
grades at the same time were $3 75, $5, $8 17,
$12 50, and $23 75, making a difference in
favor of American knives of $1 a dozen in one
case; $1 70 in another; $1 84J in another;
$2 45 in another; and $1 75in another. That
was in the year 1864.
In 1866, taking the same classes of goods in
the New York market, American knives of the
same grades were sold at $2 60 per dozen, $3,
$5 75, $9 50, and $20; while imported knives
of the same grades sold at $2 10, $2 80, $4 35,
$7, and $13 30, making a difference in favor
of imported knives in one case of 40 cents a
dozen, in another of 20 cents; another $1 20;
another $2 50, and in another of §0 70; and
that is the condition of the market at the pres-
ent time.
Now, sir, I point to the fact as one credita-
ble to American industry and one that vindi-
cates the system, that under this system, not-
withstanding the rise in everything which goes
into the manufacture of these commodities,
and notwithstanding the rise in labor, these
several classes of knives are manufactured in
this country at a cheaper rate than they were
two years ago by a very considerable sum. It
is true that they are now imported at such a
rate that under this duty the American manu-
facturer must stop, notwithstanding he has
been manufacturing an article which has been
growing cheaper from year to year, because
the foreign manufacture is now so much cheaper
than his that it must be driven from the market.
Mr. GRIMES. What are you talking about;
poor cutlery?
Mr. POSTER. No; I am talking about
cutlery which is classed as pocket-cutlery. It
is not by any means a coarse kind of goods or
manufacture, but on the contrary it requires
skilled labor and is an expensive style of man-
ufacture. I will not go over the suggestions
that I have made in respect to the increased
cost of the manufacture of these knives. It is
perfectly apparent that fifty-five per cent, ad
valorem will be no protection. The manufac-
ture of these different articles in this country
under that protection, with iron at a hundred
per cent, and the increased rates on steel,
must stop. I would ask gentlemen on what
ground it is that bar iron is taxed one hundred
per cent, and the manufactures of iron, and the
finest manufactures of iron, are taxed only
fifty-five per cent? What is the sense of such
legislation? I had supposed that the idea of
duties was to protect labor, and that the more
labor was mixed with a commodity the higher
should be the duty to protect it. That is the
principle, if there be any principle in it; but
on the ground upon which this bill in this par-
ticular seems to go, when the iron comes from
the mine and is manufactured into a bar it
shall have a duty of one hundred per cent, to
protect it; and when that bar of iron is made
into steel and from steel into knives, and of
course has its value immensely, almost fabu-
lously increased, it shall have a protection of
only fifty-five per cent., and this is facetiously
called protection to home labor!
I do not believe that fifty-five per cent, is as
good for the manufacturer of knives in this
country to-day, paying all the duties which he
is compelled to pay on the materials which go
into his manufacture, as free trade-would be,
and I think gentlemen will see that it is not,
and cannot be, for the materials which go into
the manufacture are doubled in price, more
than doubled, and the duty upon the manufac-
tured article is slightly increased; and yet this
is called protection!
I confess that I shall quite" despair of any-
thing in the way of protection to labor if this
be done. The country may be very much
loaded, may stagger under the burden of high
prices, and yet labor be wholly unprotected.
It is possible to work out that result. For
instance, you may load iron with' such an
amount of duty that no such protection as fifty-
five per cent, on the manufactures of iron will
induce men to pursue the business; you must
increase "the protection, and you may have to
raise the duty very high before any profit is
made—the price may rise so high that it becomes
almosf impossible for consumers to make pur-
chases, and yet nobody realizes any profit.
High prices ordinarily suppose that some-
body is making a profit; but where the man-
ufacturer of cutlery has got to pay two or three
prices for his materials, and has to compete
with the foreign article paying a less amount
of duty, the homo manufacturer makes no
profit though he sells at a high price. It will
cost the consumer enough, in all conscience;
it will cost him three or four times what it ought
to cost him; but the home manufacturer will
make nothing, because the commodities which
he has used have been so overloaded with duties
before they entered into the manufacture that
it was impossible. I trust, therefore, it will be
understood that although prices may be high,
immensely high, there is not necessarily in
that any protection to labor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If we discuss the gen-
eral principles of the tariff bill, and protection
to American labor, and the cost of labor on
every amendment that is offered to this bill,
I think we shall get through about this time
next year jf we keep in continuous session. I
believe this is the third amendment that has
been offered to-day, and it is now nearly half
past three o'clock; we have been two hours
and a half on the bill. I wish to suggest
before saying what I have to say, that I have
found myself for two successive days without
a quorum. I do not know but that it will be
so to-day; but I wish to notify the Senate that
I shall ask them to remain until we finish the
bill this evening. We ought to do it.
Mr. SHERMAN. We had better take a
recess.
Mr. PESSENDEN. No, I believe Senators
can without going oilt of the building very
easily stay the hungry edge of appetite, and
the sacrifice is not a very great one to make
for the business of the session.
Now, with regard to this particular amend-
ment, I should like to ask the Senator from
Connecticut how many pounds of steel it takes
to make a dozen pocket-knives?
Mr. FOSTER. I am not able to answer. I
have not made the calculation.
Mr. PESSENDEN. The Senator asks for
an additional duty of fifty cents specific and
seventy-five cents specific on certain grades of
pocket-knives. The reason why the commit-
tee did not put a specific duty on them was
simply this: that to put a specific'duty upon a
very large portion of these pocket-knives would
necessarily exclude them from the country.
They are of German manufacture ordinarily,
and very low-priced and used by children.
Such knives are not manufactured here in
point of fact, and the original cost of them is
not probably more than fifty cents a dozen or
seventy-five cents a dozen. The result would
be that the specific duty would be in excess
perhaps of the whole price of the article.
Mr. FOSTER. The amendment does not
propose at all to meddle with cutlery that is
not invoiced at over two dollars a dozen.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was stating the rea-
son why the committee thought they had better
adopt an ad valorem rate of duty. There is
another idea on which this bill is predicated in
 ard to articles manufactured from iron and
steel, and that is to grade the duty somewhat
according to the necessary increase upon the
materials out of which the article is made.
That was the reason I asked the Senator what
quantity of steel it took to make a dozen
pocket-knives. He says he is unable to answer
it, and I am unable to answer it myself; but
anybody can see that it is a very small amount.
The increased rates of duty on steel could not
by any possibility be over two cents on all
that is necessary to make a dozen pocket-
knives. You should predicate your increase
on the amount of material used to make the
article, and not upon the fineness of the work.
There may be some fine, careful work about
it; but having raised the duties on iron and
steel, the necessary increase upon all articles
manufactured from iron and steel should de-
pend very much upon the amount of revenue
imposed upon the quantity required. Any-
body can see, as I said before, that that would
be the merest trifle in the world; it would
amount to very little on a dozen pocket-knives.
In order to meet that we have raised the
tariff as we supposed sufficient in proportion
as we have raised other things. Under tho
tariff of 1864 this trade has flourished. I am
