1504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
demning that of the President, would the honor-
able chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, who is so sensitive as to the proper
manner in which our ministers abroad shall
perform their duties to their Government and
their country, have pressed the minister to
Portugal as he has been pressing him during
the last and the present session? No, sir; the
bull then would have belonged to us and the
ox to another party, and the goring of that ox
by our bull would have been no offense what-
ever. But when the position of things is
changed and the honorable chairman is the
owner of the bull, and the ox that is gored by
his bull belongs to us, he has no complaint to
make. I think both affairs are extremely
small j and that a gentleman, a Senator, an
American statesman of the lofty dimensions of
the Senator from Massachusetts ought to have
been too high to have stooped to notice either
of them in the way that he has done.
Now, Mr. President, I am not going to cen-
sure the Senate for the action it took at the last
session in relation to the minister at Portugal,
nor am I at all solicitous as to what action it
shall now take; but, in my hnmble judgment,
the Senate would best consult its own dignity
and the dignity of our Government in foreign
countries by paying attention to no such small
affairs. I read the letter in relation to Mr.
Motley very carefully after that subject was up
in debate in the Senate, and I read it with
much regret, not only in relation to that min-
ister, but other representatives of our Govern-
ment abroad. The whole letter had a stamp
of truth upon it. It made disclosures in rela-
tion to various of our diplomatic and consular
agents abroad which, in my judgment, were
eminently derogatory to them. Our own do-
mestic quarrels, the scandals of our household,
the wrangles of the different Departments of
our Government, should never be made the
topics of conversation abroad between our
officials and the officials of other Govern-
ments. I think all such conversations and prac-
tices on the part, of our agents eminently rep-
rehensible. I believe that they are substantially
true as disclosed by the correspondent of the
State Department in the letter to which I have
referred, not only in relation to Mr. Motley,
but in relation to every other official who is
inculpated by that letter. I had never seen
Mr. Motley; but I had read his noble, his
magnificent historical work giving the Rise of
the Dutch Republic. I felt proud that my
country had produced a historian who elabo-
rated such a magnificent work in relation to
one of the most interesting revolutions and
struggles for liberty that any people upon the
earth ever made. I have pored over that work
day after day and night after night, feeling my
devotion to liberty and to popular government
strengthened, warmed, vivified, by all of its
pages. That the intellect enriched by such
labor, and such careful labor, that had pro-
duced such a monument of genius and of his-
torical power, should desecrate itself by be-
coming a partisan between two conflicting
departments of our Government, away in a
foreign country, when he was accredited to
one of the first Powers of Europe; and that lie
should have made such a matter a subject of
Conversation with the officials of that Power,
as confessed by his own letter to the State
Department, filled me with regret and mortifi-
cation. That a man who could indite such
noble lessons in favor of human rights, in
favor of the eternal principle of self-govern-
ment, and who could eulogize as pen scarcely
ever wrote the protracted and heroic and un-
conquercd and unconquerable efforts of the
struggling Dutch patriots for their rights, as
Motley did, should so far-forget his devotion
to these great principles of popular liberty
and self-government for which the Dutch were
contesding, as to admit that he was not simply
the apologist, but the defender and the advo-
cate of similar oppressions when practised by
an American President or Congress on the
people of the United States to those prac-
ticed by Charles V and his execrable son, that
tyrant, Philip II, upon the people of Holland
and Zealand, is to me amazing.
Mr. HOWE. I really hope this amendment
will not be adopted. I was very decidedly of
the opinion at the last session of Congress, I
know, that w.e ought not to make any appro-
priation for the payment of the minister who
represented us then and who still represents us
at the Court of Portugal. Both Houses agreed
then in the propriety of withdrawing that ap-
propriation ; but it seems that in spite of the
opinion so expressed by Congress the minister
has been retained there in the service of the
Government. It is suggested here upon the
floor of the Senate that, in sj)ite of the pro-
hibition of the act read, the minister has been
paid. It is very manifest from the way in
which these payments are managed, as stated
by the chairman of the Finance Committee,
that it is out of the power of Congress to pre-
vent the payment of any man that the Secre-
tary of State may see fit to employ upon, any
service at home or abroad, unless we with-
draw from him all control of all funds, and so
disable him from making payments to those
ministers who are actually in our employ.
But under that act I think no one will intimate
that the Secretary of State could use fifty
dollars to pay the minister at Portugal without
committing a crime of the same kind that the
Secretary of the Treasury would commit if he
were to put his hand into the vaults and dis-
tribute every dollar there is there among just
such recipients as he saw fit to select—an
offense of precisely the same kind but not to
the same extent, because he does not misuse
so much of the public money; but it is an
absolute misuse of the amount that he does
so appropriate. And the question presented
to the Senate to-day seoms to be whether the
Congress of the United States can control the
public funds or not; whether we are compelled
to make appropriations for just such persons
as other Departments of the Government see
fit to call on us to make appropriations for.
Congress has once deliberately decided that it
would not appropriate money to pay the ser-
vices of this individual at that Court, a ques-
tion over which Congress had unquestionable
jurisdiction, and the only tribunal known to
the Constitution which had any jurisdiction.
In spite of that declaration the person is still
continued there, and we are again asked to
make an appropriation for him. One of two
things we ought to do: either reject this ap-
propriation again, as not only improvident
and unjust to the country but an indignity
upon the legislative department of the Gov-
ernment ; or we ought to surrender at once
and absolutely all pretense of having any con-
trol over the resources of the nation, take the
estimates as they come to us from the differ-
ent Executive Departments of the Govern-
ment, and register them on our statute-books
and let it go. We ought to control or let some-
body else.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator
whether if we should appropriate for next year
this amount, there would bo any legal right
whatever with the present law standing on the
statute-book, to pay a dollar of it to Mr.
Harvey ?
Mr. HOWE. I am very decidedly of the
opinion submitted just now by the Senator
from Maine, that under that act there would
still be 110 right to use a dollar to pay him who
was at the date of the passage of that act the
minister of this Government at Portugal; but
when it is said that in spite of that act, and in
spite of the fact that there was no appropria-
tion in that bill to pay any minister there, pay-
ments have been made  
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not said that pay-
ments have been made to him.
Mr. HOWE. That is suggested, and a Sen-
ator states his belief that such payments have
been made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That does not prove it.
Mr. HOWE. I know it does not prove it;
but in the face and eyes of such a suggestion
as that, it seems to me thatimstead of lessening
the barriers to payment, we ought, if it were
possible, which is not possible in the use of
human language, to strengthen those barriers.
It is not possible, for they are as strong in that
act as they can be made.
Mr. DIXON. I believe it was intimated by
a Senator, as the Senator from Wisconsin has
said, that Mr. Harvey had been paid as minis-
ter-resident by the Secretary of State from
some fund; but that was a mere intimation, or
rather a suspicion that such a thing may by
possibility have been done. For myself, I have
never heard anything of the kind. Whether he
has been paid anything or not, I do not know;
but this I do know : that he is minister-resi-
dent by law, and that there is an act of Con-
gress providing what his salary shall be. I
know that the law gives him the office, that he
was appointed by the appointing power, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, and
that there is a solemn a®t of Congress saying
that he shall receive a certain amount for his
services.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Here is another sol-
emn act of Congress providing that he shall
not receive a dollar.
Mr. DIXON. I am coming to that. There
is an act of Congress providing that a minister-
resident shall receive so much; that is, the sal-
ary fixed by law. Congress has seen fit to
abstain from making an appropriation to pay
that salary. Congress of course has full power
over the appropriations. Congress has said
furthermore that this particular officer should
receive nothing for his services. Whether he
has not a vested right to his salary and may
not in some way bring a claim for it, I will not
now undertake to say. If I were to express
an opinion hastily on that point, I should say
he had a vested right in the salary so long as
he held the office, and that it was the duty of
Congress to make an appropriation to pay it.
But Congress has decided otherwise, and I
suppose the presumption here is that Congress
decided right. I have only attempted to ex-
press an opinion on the point raised by the
Senator from Massachusetts and the Senator
from Maine as I understood them, who said
that inasmuch as there had been a failure to
appropriate the salary it was his duty to resign
the office he held according to law. It seems
to me that it was just as much his duty to re-
sign the office as it would be the duty of the
Chief Justice of the United States to resign
his office in case Congress should see fit. to
refuse an appropriation for his salary. I do
not know that the Chief Justice holds his office
by any higher right, though he has a longer
tenure I admit, being appointed for life or good
behavior; but so long as the minister-resident
at Portugal holds the office, it is his, he has a
property in it, and I had supposed that he had
a right to the compensation given him by law.
There is a mode by which Congress can reach
him, and that is by abolishing the office. I
take it Congress has full power to abolish the
office of minister-resident at Portugal; but so
long as the office remains a legal office and is
held by the officer, it seems to me there is some
question whether he is not entitled to the com-
pensation, and I believe the time will come
when justice will be done him. At some future
day he will be paid for his services, in my judg-
ment. It may not be during his life: it may
be to his heirs ; but I think at some day the
compensation which the law awards him will be
paid. Still, that is a point on which I do not
wish to say anything. I merely wished now to
defend the action of Mr. Harvey in holding
the office. I think he acted with propriety.
If Congress sees fit to abolish the office, that,
is another matter; but while Congress sees fit
only to withhold the salary it seems to me it
would be improper for him to say that he would
not hold the office. I do not know why he
should be expected to resign his office because
the appropriation is withheld any more than
we should be expected to resign our offices if
the appropriation for our compensation should
be withheld. I therefore think—I say it with
deference to Senators—that it should not be
