134
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 27(
Ho. of. Reps.
Tariff— Mr. Kerr.
. 39th Cong....2d Sess.
eminent. Her ce results an eternal tampering
•with legislation and legislators to advance the
purely selfish interests of individuals, to cor-
rupt the most vital currents of national life and
vigor. In no respect whatever is the truth so
damning that "the world is governed too
much" as in the incessant tinkering by law-
makers with the natural laws of trade and
commerce. ... .
Such mischievous legislation is never as wise
as the simple common sense of the people.
The intelligent .self-interest and business in-
stincts of the people constitute an infinitely
safer code of laws for the management of all
the industrial pursuits of life than ever was or |
ever will be formed by any Congress or Parlia- !
ment on earth. Your tariffs are always excit- !
ing false hopes and falsely pretending to point
out royal roads to success, which never fail to !
prove to be disastrous delusions sooner or j
later, except to the favored few to whom all ;
pay tribute. All the great revulsions in the ;!
business, the trade, the finances of the coun- ]'
try have been produced, directly or remotely,
by the unwise and selfish meddling of legisla-
tors with the private affairs of men by tariffs-
and other like measures. The people have
lost millions multiplied by millions of money
as the price and penalty for such crotchety
and impertinent legislation. Will it never
cease? Will it never be admitted by law-
makers that the people have sense enough to
manage their own business better than any-
body can do it for them ? >
Our restless habits of yielding at short in- j
tervals to the ever-increasing importunities of |
protectionists, speculators, and monopolists to
raise our rates of imports tends directly and
most effectively to keep the business of the
country forever unsettled and excited, and
thus to invite periodical reactions and crises,
and to sacrifice millions both to the people
and to the Government. What the industry,
enterprise, and intelligence of our people want
is to be let alone as nearly as practicable, by
Government; or, if they must be guided some-
what, then they demand settled and unchang-
ing laws. They want rest, from all external
inference, and security. Even a bad and
cruelly unjust tariff will hurt the people less,
infinitely less, if executed steadily and without
change, than any system that is subject to fre-
quent changes. The most the people ask of
Government is ample security for life, liberty,
and property, and they will take care of the
balance themselves.
Now, the interests that " protection" is even
designed to benefit, as compared with the
interests and industries that are not benefited
or are greatly injured by it, are really limited
and inconsiderable. The whole iron and coal
industry of Pennsylvania, in whose interest
our tariffs are framed in great part, amounted
in 1860 in value to less than the present yearly
sales of a single dry goods house in New
York. In 1800 the value of the pig iron pro-
duced in that State was $11,427,380, and of
the coal $14,703,433, and added together they
made an aggregate value of $26,130,813 gold,
which at 140 would amount in currency to
$36,683,138. It will be remembered that the
conversion of this pig iron into its numberless
products of bar and rolled iron, castings,
watches, and so on, does not belong to the coal
and iron business proper. The additional
values thus conferred upon these products
represent the mechanical labor and skill put
upon them ; and this would have been the
same whether the ironwasobtained in Pennsyl-
vania or imported from abroad. I take the iron
and coal as they are prepared for market, before
commerce transports them or the arts and
sciences prepare them for their finaluses. Now,
the sales of the house referred to were this
year $56,000,000, as I am informed. In 1860
the products of the United States in pig iron,
liar and rolled iron, iron castings, coal, salt,
copper, and lead, were (I quote from the
census) less than $100,000,000. And the sales
of another house in New York in 1866 are
reported to have been upward of $80,000,000.
I might extend these comparisons much
further, but I have said enough to show how
relatively small those interests are which direct
and control the legislation which of right be-
longs to the greatest number, to the largest
interests, to agriculture, to commerce, and to
the multiform and innumerable products of the
inventive genius and enterprise of our people.
As a Representative of the people of Indiana
I have a deep solicitude for the welfare of her
agricultural interests, and by this I mean farm-
ing and all the manufacturing processes de-
pending upon it. I atii therefore unalterably
opposed to any system of laws which shall
stimulate other interests at the expense of
them, as all high tariffs unquestionably do. It
is no part of the policy of protectionists to
foster agriculture.
There are thousands of occupations, not at
all dependent upon protection, but, on the con-
trary, suffering from it, in which, with a decent
and fair system of trade, the people would em-
ploy themselves profitably. There is an almost
infinite variety of commodities which would
be produced in this country cheaper than they
could be brought from foreign countries, and
a vast number of industries now stifled by pro-
tection-would revive and flourish once more if
this incubus were removed.
What has killed our ship-building? It was
not the Alabamas or Floridas; it was protec-
tion; for it prohibits us from buying Cana-
dian lumber, English tools, and hardware,
cordage, and the thousand articles that enter
into the construction and equipment of vessels
for sea, except at such prices that the foreign-
built vessel will not cost over half as much as
the domestic one. We formerly built hundreds
of ships a year, and at present there is scarcely
one large vessel on our stocks. Yet our skill
in ship-building is not equaled in the world.
What has robbed us of our carrying trade on
the high seas? It was not the civil war, for
that only destroyed it in small part and has
long since ceased, but the trade does not revive.
Protection is the thief; for it forbids our
purchasing foreign-built vessels with our farm
and dairy produce, and our factory textiles and
other productions. We once had the carrying
trade of the world ; now our ports are filled
with foreign flags. Twelve years ago our ton-
nage exceeded that of Great Britain ; now it is
not over a third as great. Even the little town
of Bremen excels us, for it has two and a half
tons of shipping to each inhabitant, while we
have scarcely one tenth of a ton. Why, Mr.
Speaker, this very day the cost of placing flour
and breadstuff's in the markets of the sea-board
States from the granaries of the mighty West
is very largely enhanced by our being com-
pelled to employ our own vessels on the lakes
in their transportation, which cost twice as
much as Canadian-built vessels, and are there-
fore compelled to charge much higher freights.
The result is that for a bushel of grain or a
barrel of flour we only obtain-a little over half
as much dry goods or other merchandise as we
should and would under a system of freedom,
by which I mean a tariff for revenue. Free
trade does not mean no taxes at all. It simply
means taxes for the sake of revenue to support
the Government, not taxes for the sake of
protection to support monopolists. Govern-
ment is an economical institution, or at least
should be, while monopoly is a wasteful one,
and soon dries up the very sap of national life.
What has driven from the markets of the
world American shirtings, drillings, and other
cotton manufactures and American locomo-
tives, steam-vessels, and other machinery ? It
was the same " friend of American industry."
A few years ago these things were greatly
sought after, but now it is not so, because they
are made to cost so much under our rotten
systems of tariffs and currency that every other
nation can make them cheaper than they can
purchase them of us. Why, sir, the price of
American flour in Rio Janeiro is higher than
the flour of France and Spain; and thosa
countries, though twice as remote as ours, sup-
ply the South American markets with bread-
stuffs. When Commodore Perry first visited
Japan he found the relation between gold and
all other commodities so different from what it
was in civilized countries that he could pur-
chase nothing of them. Everything was ex-
cessively dear. This is just our own case, and
the same insane policy produced the result in
each country.
The e is no enterprise known to the history
of civilization that has required the invest-
ment of such vast capital or given_ employ-
ment to so many persons or contributed so
much to develop the latent resources of our
country, or to increase its intrinsic and per-
manent values, or to give abundant and
healthful prosperity to all our people, or to
overcome distance in favor of commerce, so
as to secure to each section the peculiar advan-
tages of all the others, as our wonderful sys-
tem of railroads. Yet, perhaps, there never
was so much capital invested that yielded so
little in dividends or interest to the investors.
There have been invested in railroads in this
country over sixteen hundred milliou dollars.
One half of this consists of share capital,
which has never paid on an average two per
cent, per annum. Of one hundred and forty
lines of railroads in the ten northwestern
States only twenty pay dividends, and some
of them very trifling. In Indiana $72,877,489
have been invested in railroads, but moderats
average dividends only are paid by lines that
cost $17,897,706, and the balance pay noth-
ing.
This is the very opposite of the tariff-fattened
record of the manufacturing monopolies. Their
dividends range from twenty to one hundred
percent, annually. But railroads are "pro-
tected' ' by requiring them to pay from seventy-
five to one hundred dollars per ton for rails,
which formerly cost them from forty to fifty dol-
lars ; and to pay $20,000 for locomotive engines
instead of $8,500 before ; and to pay twice the
old prices for labor and for cars and supplies
of all kinds. Yet, the railroads give employ-
ment to hundreds of thousands of men, and
furnish the necessaries of life to millions of
men, women, and children. By reason of the
unwise legislation referred to, the cost of the
construction and operation of railroads has been
almost doubled. In order to pay expenses and
keep up the roads the companies have been
compelled to charge higher freights and fares.
Thus everybody who travels or uses railroads is
made to pay more therefor than he used to
pay. Thus " protection," not of railroads, but
of a few much less important interests, operates
so as to take money out of the pockets of the
people on every hand. Thus, our internal
trade and commerce, whether carried on by
the aid of the primitive wagon, or by steam-
boats or railroads, is taxed at every step of
its way toward market. If the losses' of the
people occasioned by the swindling tariff sys-
tems of the last few years could be estimated
the amount would inspire the people with
astonishment and wrath against their deceivers.
Contrast this narrow policy of protection
with the free-trade treaty between England and
France, through which the trade of both coun-
tries has doubled in a short time; and with the
recent proclamation of the Emperor of Brazil
throwing open the coast and rivers of that vast
country to vessels of all nations ; and even with
the late Portuguese order in council, admit-
ting foreign-built vessels under the Portuguese
flag upon payment of a small revenue duty.
The great nations of the world are leading us
on the road to commercial freedom.
It is one of the stale tricks of the protec-
tionists to represent that our people are better
off commercially than any others, and that the
