1867,
Tm CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
74*
the people tax'themselves to give an extraordi-
nary value to that deposit; so that I do -wot vote
upon the principle of protecting the "West Vir-
ginia, mine. But I cannot understand for my
life, and nobody has told me yet, although I
made an humble petition for it once, why this
material, if it is capable of producing so much
oil to the ton, cannot affprd to pay a heavier
duty than half a cent a gallon.
tJIr. FESSENDEN. That is the material
that comes from West Virginia,
Mr. HOWE. I have not understood that
there was any difference between the two ma-
terials. Then, on the other hand, it is said
that this article is already paying now what is
equivalent to five dollars a ton. I have not
heard that disputed yet. I saw a paper here
which states that but a few years since 
Mr. SHERMAN. Allow me a word. Since
I have spoken on this subject I have got a little
further information from about the only source
of information we have—the special commis-
si oner of revenue—-and it is no doubt reliable.
He says the Albertite—that is the most expen-
sive—is worth more than twenty dollars, but
shale, &c., the coarser produce, would.be worth
under fifteen dollars ; so that I suppose about
twenty dollars is the average.
Mr. HOWE. Very well; that w^uld make
this tax about twenty-five per cept. But it is
said that a .few years since this samg article
paid sixty-seven dollars a ton. I have not
heard any explantion why that very extrava-
gant duty was placed upon it then; but for
mere purposes of revenue and guided by ©ere
revenue considerations I do not understand
why this should not be.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me say to the Sen-
ator that that is an entire mistake. It came in
free, the whole of it, up to a year ago, when
the reciprocity treaty ceased to operate; and
when the reciprocity ceased to operate, then it
came under the general provision which was
not made for that butfor other articles exported
from other countries, of the same description.
There was no duty on it whatever, and this
duty that fell upon it in the course of the year,
upon the repeal of the reciprocity treaty, is
what has made it operate so enormously upon
everybody that manufactured anything out of
it. It was free entirely before that.
Mr. HOWE. Then this statement that that
very large duty was levied upon it seepis to be
incorrect.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. But there is no mistake about
the other proposition, that what is equivalent
to five dollars a ton is levied on it now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Undoubtedly, because-
it came under the existing tariff, which was
not made for this particularly.
Mr. HOWE. 1 do not suppose it was made
for this especial article, but it pays that duty
now, and we are asked to reduce it in the
interest of a single factory.
Mr. FESSENDEN. "Oh, no; there are
more than one.
Mr. HOWE. I have heard but one fac-
tory spoken of. But, in the interest of the
mere business of manufacturing or turning it
into oil we are asked to reduce the duty from
five dollars to fifty cents, and to yield up so
much revenue. That is encouraging manufac-
tures rather too extensively, I think. I am
just as fond of them as anybody else, and
would do just as much for them; but it seems
to me that is asking a little too much. I vote,
therefore, for this amendment for the purpose
of increasing the revenue. I have seen no
evidence yet that the business of manufactur-
ing will suffer if we continue that duty. They
can still import it. I shall have to pay my
part of the duty, I suppose, if I use the oil.
Those who do use it will have to pay, as they
pay all these taxes.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS - Messrs. Buckalew, Chandler, Creswell,
Davis, Fowler, Harris, Henderson, Hendricks, How-
ard, Ilowe, Johnson, Lane, Norton. Patterson, Sher-
man, Sprague, Stewart, Van Winkle, Wade, and
Willey—-20.
NAYS-^-Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Conness, Dixon,
Ertraunii.-, Fessenden, Foster, Frelinghuysea,
Grimes, Morgan, Morrill. Poland, Sumner, Trnm-
bnll, Williams, and Wilson—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell, Cowan, Origin, Doolit-
tlo, Guthrie, Kirkwood, MeDougall, Nesmith, Nye,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Riddle, Boss, Saulsbury, and
Yates—15. - "
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move to amend the bill
on page 37, section seven, line two hundred and
tainety-three, by striking out "forty-five" and
inserting "sixty-five;" and by adding at the
end of the elause the following proviso:
Provided, That ail material contracted for in good
faith before January 1,1867, shall bo admitted at the
rate of duty provided for by law at the date of said
contract.
So that the clause will read:
On all machinery not herein otherwise provided
for, composed in part of iron or steel, or of any other
metal or material, complete or in parts, sixty-five per
cent, ad valorem: Provided, That all material con-
tracted for in good faith before January 1,1867, shall
be admitted at the rate of duty provided for by law
at the date of said contract..'
The proposition is to increase the rate of
duty on giachinery from forty-five to sixty-five
per cent., an increase of twenty per cent. Com-
missioner Wells says, in his report:
" Of the machinery designed for the numerous man-
ufactories now in proems of construction, especially
those for the manufacture of cotton, and for the re-
fining of sugar, a very large proportion—fuliy one
half m Quantity and value—will be of foreign con-
struction, the price being one third less than that for
which the same can be contracted for in the United
States."
Again, in another portion of his report, he
says:
"The commissioner estimates the value of ma-
chinery for American manufacturing establishments,
now in the course of construction in Europe, at about
three million dollars."
The commissioner also states that machinery
constructed in this country now costs one hun-
dred per cent, more than at the beginning of
the war; that $50,000 worth of machinery be-
fore the war would produce as much cotton or
woolen fabrics as §100,000 invested now in
machinery for cotton or woolen or any other
of the varieties of manufacture.
Iain aware, Mr. President, that by this amend-
ment it renders it difficult for the American man-
ufacturer to purchase machinery. He will not
dare to make a permanent investment at rates
so high; but I am also aware that if he does
purchase it, by the character of this bill he will
not long be able to run his machinery. He has
now shut down a largeportion of his machinery,
and the balance but lingers, and the blow that
is now aimed at it cannot but be one of death.
The increase ofprices of iron and steel and wool,
with no increase for the manufactured articles,
or but very little, into which these articles are
introduced, must show conclusively that, having
staggered these interests in the past, the future
mustsee their death. I speak of cotton, oflinen,
and of everything that comes out of iron and steel
that has not received an increased rate of duty.
Did I hesitate a moment to advocate greater
protection to this interest I should bedoinggreat
injustice to myself. By excessive taxation it has
been destroyed, and by a premium greater than
heretofore, now offered to the British manufac-
turer for the introduction of his machinery,
the American manufacturer is kept prostrate.
There is not one branch of manufacturing prod-
uct but he can supply did he but know it, did
he but cater to our ideas of form and plan.
Many of them are already on this scent; many
more will follow, until oil your manufacturing
industry will be done by Englishmen.
He cannot carry on manufacturing without
the machine shop. He is by the provision of
this bill, as I will demonstrate, driven clear out
of this countiy. While communities are to-day
offering large sums of money to induce manu-
facturing development among them, theSenate,
led by Wells, is driving them out of the coun-
try. The English offer the largest sum and the
American community the least.
Let me read a statement of one of the best
manufacturers of machinery:
"The present and proposed tariff bears heavily
upon and discriminates against tho machinist, Tho
proposed duty on iron used by us, which, with steel,-,
is the mam element of machines, is from seventy to
one hundred and fifty per cent, ad valorem, being
trom twenty-eight to sixty dollars per ton. Tiieduty
proposed on steel varies from sixty-seven per coat.
ad valorem, upward, while the duty on machinery
composed of iron and steel, in thcrcported bill, is but
iorty-ijvo per cent. Thus the proposed law discrim-
inate^ agaanst our own machinists and in fa,vor.of for-
eign labor: for it says to the importer that if.be will
nave his labor done in a foreign land, the material
and labor together may be admitted forlessthanhalf
tue rate oithcra'.y materia'.
. The following tabic shows the cost of, cotton ma-
chinery at home and abroad, per spindle, and the
duty required to compete with England:
& m m fej op
a
e
5'
s?
I
p
tr
cr
<© © Cri OO
© © © O ®
Ci CO to
c* ©
g §
to to
3 g!
cn ®  cv
is
Cost to maker in United
States, per spindle,
without profit.
Weight of machine in
iron and steel, per
spindle.
Same sells for in Eng-
land.
Same costs imported.
Proposed duty of 45 per
cent.
Without further protec-
tion can be imported
for less than cost to
maker in United States
by—
With duty of 70 per cent,
can be imported for less
than cost to maker
here by—
The above table is on tho supposition thatgold and
currency are equal: but if gold bo reckoned at J>1 33,
and the price of the raw material enhanced by the pro-
posed increase of duty, and the duty of sixty-five per
cent, be put on machinery, even then at gold prices
tho coarsest slubber above-named oan be imported
for less than cost to the maker here by thrco dollars
per spindle, and so of tho others in proportion."
To illustrate this in a plainer point of view,
take the case of a spindle disconnected from
the machine. A steel spindle weighs nine
pounds, which, at four and a half cents a pound,
pays forty and a half cents. Ten per cent, ad
valorem at eight cents per pound makes forty-
eight and a half cents. The same spindle costs
in England one dollar all finished. The duty on
that would be forty-five per cent, with no fraud
practiced by undervaluation, making forty-five
cents; so that the proposed tax on machinery
of steel is less than the tax on the raw material
by throe and a half cents. It is evident that
forty-five per cent, will give to the English
manufacturer the business of manufacturing
machinery for this country; though I do not
believe, as I said before, we shall long have
any use for it. The present duty of thirty-five
per cent, has heretofore given the manufactur-
ing of machinery to England, as Commissioner
Wells says England can build cotton and sugar
machinery for one third less than our own
mechanic^, and |8,000,000 worth are now in
