742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
course of construction. Those $3,000,000 in
gold at rates of contract, such contract being
based at two and one third here as to one in
England, would carry the sum in currency up
to $7,000,000. The mechanics of the United
States here lose $7,000,000 of work, four fifths
being for labor, $5,600,000, which would other-
wise go into the hands of our mechanics and
enable them to live and to purchase the means
of living in their own country. This is from
cotton machinery alone'.
Why is this so? Because their labor is so
burdened by taxes and the raw material being
affected likewise, first from similar causes, ana
maintained in that condition by a duty of from
seventy to one hundred and fifty per cent, as
proposed by this bill, sixty-five to seventy by
the present law, so that the labor of the me-
chanic cannot live one moment in competition
with the untaxed mechanical labor abroad.
Iron and steel are raw materials as applied
to the production of machinery, but they are
manufacturing products, and those products
obtain a protection of from seventy to one
hundred and fifty per cent., and the kind of
manufactures under consideration and which
it is expected will consume the product thus
protected, has a duty of forty-five per cent,
imposed upon it. What a fallacy! Who is
so foolish, who so absurd as to on the one
hand enhance the value of one product, and at
the same time render another product value-
less ? In order to continue a value to the one
you must assure it to the other. Where are
you to find a market for your iron and steel or
wool if you admit into the country products
made from those articles at a lower rate of
duty than the material of which that product
is made in this country ? Your labor and sup-
plies are enhanced in value in proportion as
your raw material is advanced.
But you say four fifths of the cost of the
product that is made from iron and steel is labor.
That is true. Then if one fifth bears a burden
of from seventy to one hundred find fifty* per
cent.—I take the present bill, the rates on steel
and iron to illustrate my point—the average
being more than one hundred per cent., one
fifth of that is twenty per cent. You thus at
once dispose of twe'nty of the forty-five per
cent, as provided in this bill, leaving twenty-
five per cent, only to counterbalance, first,
five per cent. Government tax, which, when
augmented by a similar tax on all the products
which become a part of your manufacture of
machinery, carries your Gwernment tax to
eight per cent. The increased interest upon
the high cost of your production will not be
less than nine per cent, above the foreign.
Here you have seventeen per cent, in currency
to offset twenty-five per cent in gold. Reduce
it to the gold standard, and you have twelve
er cent., leaving thirteen per cent to be offset,
rst, by supplies, coal, oil, &c., and the greatest
of all is labor which, at the lowest calculation,
as Commissioner Wells has determined, is sixty
per cent, higher to-day than it was in 1860;
reduced to gold is forty per cent. This, in con-
nection with the thirteen per cent, that we
must offset, leaves twenty-seven per cent that
is necessary to enable us to preserve our busi-
ness as manufacturers of machinery. So says
the mechanic. We ask, he says, for twenty
per cent. We hope we may be able to breast
the storm, though we show conclusively that
upon the article of cotton machinery we lose
ten per cent, or three dollars on a swindle that
now costs $30 80. We ask nothing for interest
on our capital; we ask nothing for our own
labor in carrying on the business.
Commissioner Wells says labor has advanced,
and is now sixty per cent, higher than in 1860.
He does not tell us how much higher our labor in
1860wasthanthelaborabroad. He saysalsothat
the cost of interest has increased to the Ameri-
can manufacturer to fourteen per cent. The
English interest is four or five per cent., which,
increased to currency, is, as I have said, seven
per cent. The American manufacturer pays
seven per cent, more interest than the English
manufacturer. I am now basing my calculation
£
upon the present rate of duty on machinery,
which, is thirty-five per cent. The present duty
on steel and iron is sixty-five per cent. We
use one fifth of that in the construction of a
spindle, or thirteen per cent. Our labor is
sixty per cent., and our supplies for. the man-
ufacturing of this kind of product, this spindle,
is also sixty per cent., (I have no doubt the
supplies are larger;) and if four fifths remain,
four fifths of sixty is forty per cent. We pay
to the Government for immediate tax five per
Sent., and we accumulate that tax three per
cent, by the accumulations of Government tax
into the product produced; making eight per
cent, in this particular instance, although it is
eleven per cent, in some departments of man-
ufactured machinery. *
We have, then, first, extra interest, according
to Mr. Wells's statement, which is correct, seven
per cent.; we have the Government tax, eight
per cent.; we have the extra cost of labor over
1860 (without mentioning the addition of per-
centage to bring our labor then down to the
actual labor that existed abroad) sixty per
cent.; reduced to the gold basis forty-eight per
cent., making sixty-three per cent. Reducing
this to a gold basis at thirty-five, we have forty-
one per cent. We have thirty-five per cent,
in gold that we pay on one fifth the material
that enters into the consumption on our prod-
uct, which is seven per cent, by the present
tariff- Adding that to the forty-one per cent,
makes forty-eight per cent. Without a dollar
of protection on the difference in the price of
labor, we find we have been giving a bounty to
the English manufacturer of thirteen per cent,
in gold to bring his machinery into this coun-
try. 1 If this is not a startling fact I must con-
fess my ignorance of the subject.
But let us go on. You have thus thirteen
per cent, in gold to overcome. How do you
do it? By increasing the duty on the iro'n and
steel that enter into one fifth of this product.
The duty will average one hundred per cent,
on articles used in the construction of machin-
ery, especially of the one in question. One
fifth of one hundred is twenty. We had seven
per cent, on the basis of the last tariff. We
must therefore add to the premium we give to
the English manufacturer twenty less seven,
making thirteen per cent., which added to the
other thirteen per cent, makes twenty-six per
cent. The present tariff increases the duty
from thirty-five to forty-five per cent. Deduct-
ing that ten per cent, we have sixteen per cent,
of a premium that we now give to the English
manufacturer to import his machinery into this
country. We only ask four per cent, between
the cost of labor in this country before the war
and what it was in England at the same time,
and of course we lose largely by that.
Mr. Commissioner Wells, in his efforts to
keep cotton machinery at forty-five per cent.,
makes use as an illustration of the duty on a
pocket-knife, and we are asked, Why do you
want greater duties than we give upon pocket-
knives? I reply, first, we do not get that,
which is fifty-five per cent. A spindle, that
we have taken as an illustration, costs in cur-
rency $30 80, and weighs one hundred and
twenty-four pounds, and one dozen of knives,
which would perhaps weigh two pounds,
would cost nine dollars per dozen. Three
and one third times nine is thirty dollars,
or about the cost of a spindle. If one dozen
knives weigh two pounds, three and one
third times two is six and two thirds pounds
of imported material, or material affected by
the tariff, enter into the construction of knives
to one hundred and twenty-four pounds of
same material on spindles. We use in one
construction of a spindle nearly twenty times
the iron and steel that is used in the construc-
tion of a knife. We shall pay nearly twenty
times the duty; twenty times more of the
seventy to one hundred and fifty per cent, on
iron and steel than is paid by knives. We ask
but ten per cent, in addition. What a wide
difference between the two branches of indus-
try and how much of wisdom there is exhib-
ited in such an arrangement I leave to the
Senate to determine. We .make a basis of
cotton machinery. We could make the same
basis upon that of all other machinery-. I
therefore hope my amendment will prevail.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not know that I
understand this amendment exactly; but I
think it contains a new principle. Is it cus-
tomary to provide in the tariff that goods
already contracted for and not shipped shall
not be subject to the new duties? This propo-
sition is that persons going into the manufac-
turing business who had contracted for their
machinery before the first day of this month,
shall be allowed to bring their machinery into
the country under the old duties, and then
when it comes in, if others want to go into the
manufacturing business and buy machinery,
they shall be embarrassed so far as the addi-
tional duties will embarrass them. If I under-
stand the amendment that seems to be it.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I want in that
connection to ask the Senator what cases he
wants to provide for by this unusual legisla-
tion. I do not understand it. It is a propo-
sition that the manufacturers who have already
established their business and have purchased
their machinery, and all manufacturers who
want to enlarge their business or to commence
a new establishment, but who made their con-
tracts prior to the 1st of January, shall have
the benefit of the old law, and then if anybody
else wants to compete with them hereafter, he
will be compelled to pay these high duties.
If I understand it, it amounts to about that,
and I do not think I can vote for it.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senator from
Rhode Island will offer the two propositions
involved in his amendment separately.
Mr. JOHNSON. The question can be di-
vided.
Mr, CONNESS. Certainly. I am in favor
of the first part of the Senator's amendment,
but the latter part of it I should consider very
unjust indeed. By another provision of this
bill it will be remembered that we propose to
collect duties upon all the goods of whatever
kind in bond in our warehouses.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Already shipped.
Mr. CONNESS. Already shipped and in
bond; and yet here by a special provision the
Senator proposes to exempt goods which are
in foreign countries, not yet made. That is a
proposition that I cannot support.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for a division of the
question. I should like to have the amend-
ment read again.
The Secretary read the first part of the
amendment on page 37, section seven, line
two hundred and ninety-three, to strike out
'• forty-five" and insert "sixty-five;" so as to
make the clause read:
On all machinery not herein otherwise provided
for, composed in part of iron or steel, or of any other
metal or material, complete or in parts, sixty-five
per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask that thequesfion be
taken first on that.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out "sixty-five" and
inserting 1' sixty.''
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This being
an amendment to an amendment—-the whole
bill now under consideration is an amendment
—it is not amendable in the third degree.
Mr. CONNESS. Then it will be in order
to move to insert a somewhat lower rate, if
this proposition be voted down.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the first branch of the amendment
offered by the Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senator will
modify his amendment to that extent, by in-
serting "sixty" instead of " sixty-five."
Mr. SPRAGUE. The Senator might just
as well ask me to say forty per cent., for it is
as clear as that the sun rises and sets that
these shops cannot be carried on at any less
rate than that which I propose ; and we need
these shops. If you cut off the machine shops
from the manufactories, you may just as well
