1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
137
39th Co^g....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Baker.
Ho. op Keps.
Reconstruction.
SPEECH OF HON. JEHU BAKER,
op illinois,
Is the Hocse of Representatives,
February 18, 18G7.
The House having under consideration the bill
(H. R. So. 1143)to provide forthe more efficient gov-
ernment of the insurrectionary States—
Mr. BAKER said:
Mr. Speaker : In our transition period from
civil war to permanent peace, I think I per-
ceive that American statesmanship has the
following grand objects to accomplish, and that
our future will be better or worse in proportion
as all these objects are comprehended and
realized, or misunderstood and ignored. Let us
look at them, sir, and see what they are when
reduced to the forms of exact statement:
1. The loyal people of the South should be
protected;
2. After the terrible struggle for existence
through which the nation has passed every
truly reasonable man must admit that meas-
ures ought to be adopted which will make the
Republic secure for the future ;
3. Care should be taken that the late treason
against our Government and against humanity
should be stamped with the stigma of unmis-
takable dishonor;
4. The liberties of the people of the South
should be provided for on the largest attain-
able scale, and established upon the firmest
possible foundation—that of the ballot in the
hands of the voter;
5. In so far as practicable the defeated
population should be subjected to a course of
treatment which will put them in a train toward
ultimate harmony with the Republic ;
6. All our measures should look to a time,
the earliest time compatible with the public
safety, when the revolted States may resume
their full and equal participation in the gov-
ernment of the country.
Protection for the loyal, security for the
Republic, dishonor to treason, revival of pat-
riotism in the South, liberty in the largest
democratic sense, guarded and made secure
by the ballot, and after that, restoration of the
revolted States to complete equality of polit-
ical rights in the Union. Such, in my judg-
ment, are the cardinal ends to which all our
efforts should tend. Like the devotees of
Cybele, who could hear nothing but her flutes,
I am deaf to every voice which would seduce
me from fidelity to any of these vitally import-
ant objects. So profoundly convinced am I
that they should all be taken into the account,
and none of them overlooked in the scheme
we may adopt, that no excitement, no clamor,
no authority here or elsewhere, no liability to
temporary misinterpretation of my action, has
weighed or shall weigh one feather in swerv-
ing me from my entire sense of duty in relation
to the momentous matter we have in hand.
This bill, as amended by the Senate, incom-
plete as it may be, is yet incomparably supe-
rior to any measure which has heretofore been
proposed. It is altogether broader, and better
embraces all the great elements of the situa-
tion than any of its predecessors. It is a pro-
jection from the whole case, imperfect, doubt-
less, but yet having the indispensable merit of
breadth of view. All other measures which
have been presented have been signally defect-
ive in this essential quality. As a sound judg-
ment in a cause at law must result from proper
attention to all the material parts of the con-
troversy, so a sound measure of legislation,
especially one designed to remedy the mis:
chief with which this nation is afflicted, must
proceed from a due consideration _of the entire
complex of public affairs t  which it is intended!
to apply.
Four leading ideas of procedure have here-
tofore been suggested or proposed, all utterly
inadmissible in my opinion, because narrow,
untenable, one-sided, and proceeding from
special aspects of the situation.
1. The territorial plan; the theory which
regards the ten rebel States simply as Terri-
tories of the Union. This plan, though sug-
gested, has found very little favor, and calls
for no comment.
2. The proposition to treat the defeated
rebels as foreigners; become such by their own
action. This was a favorite idea of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] and
was made the pivotal center upon which his
reconstruction bill turned. Ihe one suffi-
ciently fatal objection to this theory was, that
it was impossible in law; inconsistent with the
sovereignty of the Republic. It was also in
palpable conflict with the civil rights bill and
the proposed constitutional amendment. And,
in addition to all this, its direct tendency was
to reconstruct political order in the South upon
a basis altogether too exclusively colored and
too little republican. This scheme, wretch-
edly bad in law, would have been worse in
practice; so I felt it my duty to do what I
could to get it out of our way.
3. The plan of excluding on a large scale
the whites from the ballot while giving it to
the colored people. This idea was embodied
in the Louisiana bill. I thought it inadmissible
to exclude so many white people while voting
all the blacks; I thought such a course would
tend to still further inflame the hostility of
race; to still further intensify, if possible, the
hatred that is felt toward this Government; I
thought it would be found impracticable in its
execution; I 'doubted whether it would satisfy
the great sense of liberty in the northern mind;
and I was certain it was an invasion of that
grand idea of republicanism which is the
fountain-head of all our strength.
I voted against the Louisiana bill, and would
have so voted had I stood alone upon this floor.
The Senate have acted wisely, I think, in lay-
ing that bill aside. I wanted a principle more
republican, a foundation broader and more
truly radical than it supplied. The rebellion
came of the fact that political polity in the
southern States was tod narrow in its founda-
tion. In the work of reconstruction I did not
wish to copy the exploded blunder. An oli-
garchy of white caste had corrupted southern
society to its core. Then came the explo-
sion—scourging the offending States with fire,
sword, and famine, and carrying mourning to
well-nigh every hearthstone of the North—all
for want of breadth of base in the polity of the
revolting States. In the presence of this awful
experience, so recent and so terrible, I was
appalled at the thought of building anew upon
narrow foundations—of giving my support to a
measure which tended to create an oligarchy
of black caste in place of the overthrown one
of white caste. It appeared to me, not like
the steady, right-onward march of our great
party of liberty and progress, but rather like a
retrograde movement—like a return to the same
lame and impotent conclusion against which
we had so vehemently protested from the be-
^ 4. l^heplan of governing the rebel States by
the sword alone; of turning the whole subject
over to the Army. This proposition came to
us from the joint Committee on Reconstruc-
tion. The bill as originally presented placed
the entire population of the revolted States
under martial law, pure and simple; turned
over the government of ten States to the regu-
lar Army; placing all their people, loyal and
disloyal, white and black—all their rights of
life, liberty aqd prosperity—finder the control
of military commissions which might be mul-
tiplied indefinitely over this vast area, /unac-
companied by any civil policy whatever, or
any provision looking to the termination of the
system. At the head of this militaiy govern-
ment stood the President, notwithstanding any
devices of the bill to the contrary. So that the
upshot of the business was—military protection
to the loyal people of the South, administered
under the authority and control of Andrew
Johnson as Commander-in-Chief of the Army 1
To my mind such legislation was glaringly in-
adequate and faulty. It is even questionable
whether it added anything to the military pro-
tection already provided for by the Freedmen's
Bureau bill; while it was, on the face of the
bill, an open surrender of the civil to the mili-
tary power, on the great subject of reconstruc-
tion in the rebel States. This I found it im-
possible to sanction, and I therefore voted
against the bill so long as it tendered nothing
but the naked sword, wielded by Andrew John-
son. It was easy to see that the great need of
the case was to place the loyal people of the
South in such a situation that they could pro-
tect themselves by the formation of loyal State
governments on the basis of universal suf-
frage, meantime extending military protection
while this process was going on, and withdraw-
ing the military whenever it should be com-
fleted. Accordingly strenuous efforts, in which
assisted, were made in this House to amend
the bill by attaching to it a civil policy—some
provisions looking to the establishment of loyal
State governments, contemplating the ultimate
withdrawal of the military, and the ultimate
resumption by such States of their normal rela-
tions with the Union.
All such efforts were defeated by a combina-
tion of a portion of the members on this side
the Hall with the whole of the Democrats, and
thus we were brought to a direct vote upon the
unmixed military scheme presented by the bill.
In that shape it passed in opposition to my
vote; for I was satisfied it involved a profound
and mischievous oversight, in the omission of
all civil policy looking to universal suffrage or
the nearest possible approach thereto; looking
to the establishment of loyal republican gov-
ernments ; looking to the adoption of the con-
stitutional amendment with its great and in-
valuable guarantees of security to the nation ;
and looking to a final restoration of the rebel
States to their appropriate and equal place in
the Union, on terms at once satisfactory to
Congress and safe to the Republic. The entire
omission of all these great matters in a bill
which was to embody the final action of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress in relation to the re-
volted States appeared to me too much like
an outright confession of incompetence, or else
of a purpose to indefinitely postpone the work
of reconstruction. In either case, I greatly
apprehended that a blunder scarcely less than
fatal would be committed.
Thanks to the Senate it has relieved us from
this peril also. It has not only laid aside the
Louisiana bill, which smacked so strongly of
an oligarchy of black caste, but it has taken up
our military bill, improved it by sundry lesser
amendments, and added to it the vitally import-
ant feature of a civil policy, much the same as
that which a majority of the Republican mem-
bers vainly struggled to attach to the bill in
the House. _ .
It was necessary, I suppose, that the crudities
which I have now alluded to should be sloughed
off, before a competent measure, commensurate
with all the great parts of the case, could be
agreed upon. I think we have the essential
elements of such a measure in this bill, as it
comes back to us from the Senate. Besides
the declaration of the illegality of the Johnson
governments, and the assumption of plenary
control over them by Congress, the bill as it
now stands, no longer limited to the one soli-
tary idea of the sword wielded by a recusant
President, stands forth in something like the
large and symmetrical proportions of a policy
worthy of this Congress, and appropriate^ to
the very important subject to which it applies.
1. It provides for military protection of the
loyal people of the South until proper civil gov-
ernments shell be established.
