138
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 26,
Ho. op Reps.
Tariff—Mr. Wentworth.
39th. Cong 2d Sess.
2. It makes secure the great guarantees of
national safety which are contained in the
proposed constitutional amendment, by provid-
ing that this amendment shall have become
part of the Constitution and shall also have
been adopted by each one of the rebel States
before it shall be entitled to representation in
Congress.
3. It fixes dishonor upon treason by saving
as a condition-precedent the ratification of
this amendment—which excludes the leading
rebels from holding any office under the United
States or any State.
4. It makes the largest and most stable
provision for liberty, by asserting practically
the principle of universal suffrage in the ten
rebel States as a basis upon which constitu-
tional, loyal governments shall be erected.
5. It places the great body of the disaffected
people of the South in such a new position,
and under the influence of such new ideas and
motives, that the democratic feeling, as distin-
guished from the feeling of caste, will gradu-
ally resume control over popular thought, and
thus progressively mold southern society into
harmony with the General Government.
6. It presents an ultimatum, which, when
complied with, will entitle these States to an
equal participation in the Government, on
terms safe to the nation, promotive of free-
dom, and merciful to the defeated insurgents.
It may turn out that the bill is defective in
not providing a more direct machinery for its
own execution. As it is, it must be put in
operation either by the provisional govern-
ments which the President has set up in the
rebel States, or else by spontaneous move-
ments of the people under the protection of
the military. I expect no action, and certainly
no desirable results, from the first method.
The other—spontaneous movements of the peo-
ple—is in my judgment the very best way in
which new and loyal State governments can be
established out of the wreck of the rebellion—
if, indeed, under the conditions of the case that
process shall be found practicable. If not, then
a supplemental act can hereafter be passed, pro-
viding a direct and specific machinery for the
practical execution of the principles of the bill.
Sir, the great principles which belong essen-
tially to the life of a nation wiU struggle un-
ceasingly to get themselves more perfectly
expressed as its history advances. Causes
favoring and causes adverse alike unite to bring
about their more complete development.
Controlled by that infinite reason which shapes
human history, "rough hew it how we will,"
Jefferson Davis and the stars and bars did as
much for the destruction of slavery as Abra-
ham Lincoln and the stars and stripes. Obsti-
nate resolve on the part of slaveholders to
overthrow the Government finally begot the
resolve on the part of the Government to over-
throw slavery—and down went the corrupt and
iniquitous system before the sword of the
Republic—not because it was corrupt and ini-
quitous, but because it was the feeding machine
of the rebellion.
And now another chapter of our history is
being unrolled in a similar sense. The ob-
stinate determination of the defeated insurgents
to control the destinies of ten States, to reject
all guarantees of national safety, to select unre-
pentant rebels as their representative men, to
crush out the lives, the sentiments, and the
liberties of men loyal and true to the country,
to make loyalty infamous and treason honor-
able all over the wide region swept by the
rebellion, thus laying anew, broad and deep,
the foundations of future and bloody discord
in the Republic, has, in the inarch of time,
and by the inexorable logic of necessity, made
it the imperative duty of the Government to
appeal to the great democratic principle of
universal suffrage, by extending the ballot to
every disfranchised loyalist in the rebel States.
Other than this, there is now nothing for it but
to govern by the sword, or to abandon these
States to the control of the rebel class, in which
event they would certainly become segregated
and fixed as a foreign and hostile element
in the bosom of the country. Woe to the Re-
public if we should be so blind, so foolish, so
imbecile, as to accept a fate so certain and so
destructive of the safety and happiness of the
nation. The blood of the five hundred thou-
sand who died that the nation might live was
of more worth than this! j
We are shut np unto the faith. Every door
of escape is closed in our faces. The guarart- ;
tees of the proposed constitutional amendment
—so reasonable and so necessary to national
safety—have been rejected with scorn and con-
tempt. Union men and Union principles are
being crushed out in the South. The illegal, ■
usurped Johnson governments, controlled by
rebels, and disfranchising the great body of
Union citizens, are being wielded to the end
of reinstating the defeated rebellion. Vote
your friends! Vote the friends of your country!
Vote every man whose ballot will neutralize
the ballot of a rebel! This, sir, is the talis-
man which commands the situation; and I had
a prescience of its impending necessity, and
consequently of its coming practicability, when
on the 18th of December, 1865, fourteen days
lifter the meeting of this Congress, I vainly
endeavored to get the following preamble and
resolution adopted:
"Whereas class rule and aristocratic principles of
government have burdened well nigh all Europe with
enormous public debts and standing armies, which
press as a grievous incubus on the people, absorbing
their substance, impeding their culture, and impair-
ing their happiness; and whereas the class rule and
aristocratic principle of slaveholding, which found a
place in our Republic, has proved itstelf in like man-
ner hurtful to our people, by degrading labor and
prohibiting popular education in a large section of
the country, by striving to rend our Union in frag-
ments, by causing the blood of hundreds of thousands
of patriots to flow, and by compelling the people to
impose on themselves a debt of European magni-
tude in defense of liberty, nationality, and civiliza-
tion on this continent: Therefore,
"lienolved, (as the sense of this House,) That once
for all we should have done with class rule and aris-
tocracy, as a privileged power before the law in this
nation, no matter where or in what form they may
appear; and that in restoring the normal relations
of the States lately in rebellion it is the high and
sacred duty of the representatives of the people to
proceed upon the true, as distinguished from the
false, democratic principle, and to realize and secure
the largest attainable liberty to the whole people of
the Republic, irrespective of class or race."
There, sir, was a declaration which involved
the true idea of the origin of the rebellion, and
the true idea of the line of policy which would
best eradicate its principles from the country
and restore peace, harmony, and patriotism in
all our borders. It came of slavery and class
rule: it came of an immense departure from
the true democratic principle. National health
and national safety—to say nothing of what
is incomparably higher, national glory and
honor—are to be sought in a return to that
principle. The larger your idea the nearer it
is to the truth. The more completely you
trust the true democratic principle, by giving
every citizen an equal chance in the State and
before the law, the more completely do you
stimulate into active use the locked-up powers
of every human heart and brain ; the abler,
richer, more intelligent and country-loving do
you make your citizens; the larger is your stock
of liberty in the aggregate ; the more complete
is its enjoyment by every individual; the firmer-
grounded and more ideally perfect is your
Government. To such ends Providence leads
us whether we will or not. That which this
Congress, on its first assembling, was not ready
to adopt even as an abstract declaration of
principle, it is now compelled by the march of
events and the very necessity of the case to
promulgate as a concrete statute of the Repub-
lic. And thus the moral of our whole enormous
tragedy is to be, that they who have striven so
madly to subvert this grand edifice of liberty
have left it upon foundations more secure, more
liberal, and made, not only others, bat them-
I selves jnore free.
Tariff.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN WENTWORTH,
of illinois,
In the House op Representatives,
February 26, 1867.
The House having resolved itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union—
Mr. WENTWORTH said; I and some of
my colleagues on the Committee of Ways and
Means have prepared some remarks with ref-
erence to this bill, but we cannot well make
speeches ourselves and then ask the House to
deny the privilege to others. And there is no
time for discussion except under the'five-min-
utes' rule; and when discussion is thus limited
it is generally the case that members write out
their remarks so as to include what they would
have said in a single speech, and therefore I
ask that members be allowed to publish their
views in a single speech. [Leave was granted. ]
Mr. Chairman, it is time the Government had
a reliable financial policy. We ought to be
able to make approximate calculations of our
annual expenditures and our means of meeting
them; we ought to be able to determine what
amount of money we should raise from imposts
and what from excises; we ought to determine
what amount of our public debt we should
liquidate annually; we ought to consolidate
our indebtedness, now embracing near forty
different forms of securities, and simplify our
legislation touching it, now scattered through
near thirty different laws. All admit this ; but
they raise the question, where shall we begin?
I would begin with a fixed determination to
add not another dollar to the already author-
ized public indebtedness. This would settle
the amount of the public debt and the annual
interest. I would return to specie payments
as rapidly as the interests of the Government
would permit, and then reduce all salaries and
other expenses which have been increased in
consequence of the currency expansion to what
they were before the war. Having placed the
ordinary expenses of the Government upon an
economical basis and upon approximate sta-
bility, I would adjust our impost duties so as
to meet them. Our system of excise duties is
very unpopular, and should not be resorted to
except to liquidate the expenses of the war.
From the foundation of the Government the
tariff, with its miscellaneous resources, embrac-
ing the proceeds of the sales of the public lands,
has been relied upon to defray all the expenses
in times of peace. Such should be the ease
now. Indeed, the most of the debts of our three
foreign wars have been paid in the same way.
Only during seven years prior to the rebellion
had we raised over one hundred thousand dol-
lars per annum by a direct tax, and only during
four of these did it exceed one million. Only
$12,700,000 had we raised in all in this way.
The last general tariff bill, that known as the
Morrill bill, was passed during the last session
of President Buchanan's administration. The
slight alterations of the tariff since that time
may all be classed under the head of " war
expedients." The changed condition of our
country requires an entire revision of our tariff
laws.
And those who were originally satisfied with
the Morrill bill, so called, manifest great con-
fidence in the ability of the same man to super-
vise the preparation of a substitute for it. The
bill that passed the House at the last session
was a great improvement upon the present
tariff law. Yet it was not in all things as I
would have had it. I voted against it with re-
luctance, after looking carefully at all its pro-
visions, hoping that it might be reconsidered in
the House or modified in the Senate. But,
looking at the inadequacy of the present law,
I regret that it did not pass, because we had no
other pending, and Decause by this time all
might have seen its practical workings and
could have remedied any of its defects; and
