1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
39th Com;. ... 2d Sess.
Tariff—Mr. Went worth.
Ho. or Reps.
before they beeome as much oppressed by tax-
ation as the negro ever was by servitude.
And when I see some of my political friends so
reckless in voting away public money, and there-
by binding burdens grievous to be borne upon
tlie backs of our tax-payers, I wonder if they
can be honest in their pretensions concerning
our colored brethren, and then I work the harder
for the colored man's deliverance, so as to
hasten the day when his wrongs shall not stand
in the way of retributive justice to the promot-
ers of governmental extravagance and cor-
ruption.
There are those who wish to arrest the profli-
gate system of both public and private expendi-
tures that has been engendered by the war;
there are those opposed to a further increase
of our public debt; there are those who favor
the abolition of the whole system of excise
duties at the earliest possible day, and who
wish to pay the expenses of the Government
through the tariff as in former times. With
all such I wish to act; but some of them in
voting for an expansion of the currency I fear
are contributing to the defeat of these very
objects. I never knew of any measure of re-
trenchment or reform to originate under the
auspices of a redundant currency. In the
world's history an irredeemable currency has
left but one trail. Wherever the country, what-
ever the age, whoever the historian, the chap-
ter is the same. It has warred alike upon labor
and capital. It is alike the enemy of the poor
and the rich; but it is the sport of the specu-
lator and the desperado. The man with a fall-
ing stock on hand unpaid for, the man who
' has everything to gain and nothing to lose, is
as much at home under a suspension of specie
payments as a blackleg in a gambling-house.
Suspension is sometimes unavoidable; but it
is a disease that requires every one to take
preventive medicine as soon as it gets into the
neighborhood. The great Webster, who was
never even supected of hostility to a sound
paper currency, once declared that—
"Of all contrivances for cheating the laboring
classes of mankind, none has been found more effect-
ual than that which deludes them with an irredeem-
able paper currency."
If history and early parliamentary and con-
gressional debates had taught me nothing, my
own experience in what was once the frontier
would have learned me a never-to-be-forgotten
lesson. I arrived at the West when President
Jackson's celebrated specie circular of the 11th
of July, 1836, had just begun to be effective.
A redundant circulation had seduced men into
the wildest of land speculation, the inevitable
consequences of which the keen foresight of
Old Hickory penetrated. He pricked the
bubble ere indefinite expansion had exploded
it to indescribable ruin in wider fields. That
circular recited that one*of its objects was to
discourage the ruinous extension of bank issues
and bank credits. Those who denounced this
act the loudest were afterward compelled to
admit that its only fault was that it did not
come soon enough; and one of the loudest of
the loud, when taking the bankrupt act for
$250,000, being asked what he thought would
have been his situation if no such circular had
been issued, replied that he thought he might
have failed for double the amount. From
that day to this every scheme that human
ingenuity could devise has been resorted to
for the purpose of discovering a reliable
standard of values from paper money. Stocks
of all kinds, and bonds of cities, counties,
and States, have been tried in vain. Even the
solid earth, underlined with granite ledges, has
expanded with irredeemable paper stretched
over it. If the evil effects of paper money
expansions would only reach their originators
and advocates I would say let retributive jus-
tice take its course. But such men invariably
come out the wealthier, while those the least
responsible for and the least able to bear the
losses are the sufferers. Stability in prices
is the most reliable guarantee of the fullest
development of capital and labor; and this can
never be had when the dollar, our adopted
measure of all values, varies from day to day.
See how it has varied in comparison with paper
since the war begun. It was 103 January 15,
18G2; it was 285 July 11, 1864, its highest
point; it was 124|- March 24, 1806, its lowest
point. During the past year it has ranged
from 124-J March 24, to 167f June 18.* Who
could safely give or take a contract for labor
or material under such a fluctuation.
These remarks upon irredeemable paper I
have deemed it necessary to make as a part of
my argument to show that we can never hope
to reduce our expenditures and our debt, and
consequently our oppressive taxes, by increas-
ing the volume of irredeemable paper. There
are some who do not wish to reduce them.
Besides men who have large stocks on hand,
bought under inflated war prices, there are
those who have schemes upon the public Treas- !
ury, national, State, and corporate. They have 1
schemes against the tax-payers, and they want
to hide them under the redundancy of the cur-
rency. Such are all true to their cause in advo-
cating expansion; for we need only look back
to the commencement of our speculative prices
to learn their cause; as the very first year of
our bank suspension the circulation in the
loyal States jumped from one hundred and i
forty-four to two hundred millions. I need not
go out of this very Congress to illustrate my
position that expansion of the currency means
an increase of Government expenditures and
indebtedness, and consequently of our present
taxation. I mean no personal reflection, and
I acknowledge there are exceptions to all rules.
But I make the assertion that if you would
select those who have invariably voted for an
increase of salaries and other expenditures,
and who advocate schemes now pending that
will involve an enormous increase of our pub-
lic debt, you will find them mostly among those
known as expansionists. And further, I say
if you would select those who have opposed
all increase of salaries and other expenditures,
and oppose schemes now pending that will
involve an enormous increase of our public
debt, you will find them mostly among those
known as Contractionists. And further yet, I
venture the assertion that you will find the same
to be the case in all legislative bodies. There
are schemes enough upon our Treasury being
advocated to more than double our public debt,
and consequently our taxation, not one of which
can succeed if it is understood that we are not
only not to expand our currency, but are to go
on with our gradual contraction.
Under our present contraction system the
indorsement of Mexican war bonds must fail.
The bill now pending provides for the indorse-
ment of $50,000,000. This, of course, means
but one installment, which would be very se-
riously broken in upon by claims of the lobby.
But little of it would ever see Mexico.
* X have compiled the following statement showing
tho price of gold on the 1st and 15th of each month
during the year 1866:
January 2 144y @ 144J
January ^ 139} @ 139}
February 1 1391 @ 140jj
y 15.... 137i@137J
March 1 135* ®136*
15  130} @ 131i
April  @ 128i
16Z 1251 @ 126
Mav 1  - 125? @127
y 15   129s @ 130J
jane 1  1401 @ 141
June 15  147+ @ 149J
Tu]v O ; 1531 @ 155*
July 16  148* ® 149}
August 1  148J @ 149
August ^1.  1501 @ 152
Sentember 1  145i @ 147 J-
beptemDer     144} @1445
October 1  145S @ 1461
i.   150} @153}
 w«Mber|."::::i jgj I ulj
The enlargement Of the jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims must also fail. Claims to the
amount of hundreds of millions are now await-
ing the conferring of a sort of equity jurisdic-
tion upon that body. Reckless men will swear
to their justice and no attorney for the Govern-
ment, nor hundreds of attorneys, will be suffi-
cient to hunt up the ^dverse testimony. In
my own city of Chicago I learn there are many
persons interested in the "ring'' to extend the
jurisdiction of the court to certain claims of a
very large amount which they have bought and
are now buying for merely nominal sums. I
hear of such transactions all over the country.
As Congress will never directly pay such claims,
the only hope of this formidable '' ring'' of eor-
ruptionists is to get their pay indirectly through
the courts.
So must also fail the many schemes for addi-
tional appropriations for Pacific railroads. We
have already granted land for the construction
of a large number of Pacific railroads; but
we have loaned our bonds and pay semi-annual
interest only to the central route, vjith its four
branches. We are thus aiding to build a road
over a distance of two thousand three hundred
and fifty-eight miles, at an expense of $60,670,-
000. I know that it is said that this money is
to be refunded, but it will be remembered that
after this financial aid was extended, a law was
passed authorizing the issue of first-mortgage
bonds equal in amount to that authorized to bo
issued by the Government to the companies
building said road and branches, and the same
law provided that "the lien of the United
States bonds shall be subordinate to that of
the bonds of any or either of said companies."
It is generally understood that the most of the
stockholders are the contractors, and that they
also are and will be the largest bondholders.
Whsn the road is completed, or nearly so, a
default in the payment of the interest of the
first-mortgage bonds may arise; and if so, the
road will, in all probability, be sold, and the
lien of the Government be cut off, and the
original companies will own the entire road
and branches, built almost entirely with Gov-
ernment bonds. But there are those who will
say that we must have a railroad to the Pacific,
and that no price is too high to pay for it. I
do not propose at this time to combat that
idea. But I contend that one Pacific railroad
is enough in our present Government financial
embarrassments. There are several companies
to whom Government has granted land, and all
interested in them are now combining to get
money, and they rely upon an expanded cur-
rency to add over three hundred million dollars
to our national debt.
But it is needless to enumerate the many
schemes tending to greatly increase our public
debt, which can only be frustrated by bringing
the people to a realizing sense of their actual
situation through legislation looking to a return
to specie payments. They have but to feel the
magnitude of their present burdens to be pro-
tected against their increase.
While I believe that the main object of the
mass of expansionists is the increase of gov-
ernmental expenses, the disposal of stocks on
hand and speculation in general, I must notice
one of the plausible pretexts for their course
with reference to expansion. They complain
that the amount of bank circulation is not suffi-.
cient for the business necessities of the coun-
try. Before the war the largest amount of
bank circulation was in 1857. It then reached
$214,000,000. Now, when our business rela-
tions are interrupted with at least one quarter
of the Union, we have $300,000,000 of bank
issues. But this amount may be too small or it
may be too large. There is but one general rule
to apply in such cases and that may be said to
be inappropriate at this time; and that rule is,
where one has more paper out than he can
redeem, he should contract rather than expand.
If our banks were paying specie and could con-
tinue to pay upon a larger volume of circula-
