Tmh 0 SSIO^AL
January 25,
OX # least yielding ninety-seven -per cent., as
raw material. There is- a block in the Wash-
ington Monument of Michigan copper ninety-
jgven per cent. Anybody can go there and
took at that block, Micbigap'^ contribution to
the Washington Monument.; pure cppper, just
a,s it was joined from the mine. If jt had been
tKrc yn into the smelting will it. would have
turned out ninety-seven pftr e<jnt.
., The explanation of tl|p article read by the
Senator from Oregon ij3* very simple. The
men a.t KeweenW .Point have added to their
machinery very r$uch ' Tliey had an immense
amount of ropik on'hand,   great many thou-
sand tons, which they could hpt work with.-
t-heir old machinery. They-had, been acc.umu-
ffttipg fo> "years, and I believe, they have been
at. work.' for the past year grinding .up that ae-
cunutlation of years," and. have increased their
quantity there; but the mining interests of Lake
Superior, as a whole, hare fallen off more than
que third, and I believe one lialf, and.they have
actually been compelled to -abandon all but
tJEieip riphest mines. Now, if it is the-policy of
tjie Senate to have these mines abandoned and
send your coin abroad or your bond$) at sixty-
si?: cents on the dollar, to buy copper-when your
mountains are full of it, so be it ; but I assure
Senators that this is not a sufficient protection
to keep our mines going. The Hoi)sa I think
recommended twenty per cent.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Twenty per cent, on the
regulus?
Mr. CHANDLER. Fifteen per cent, on the
ore and twenty per cent, on the -regulus, and
five cents a pounds I think, as I have it, upon
the copper in the pig. I prefer, if I can get, the
specific sums named in my amendment, They
amount substantially to the same rates that are
fixed in the House bill,
Mr. FESSENDEiST. What percentage are
they? . ■
Mr. CHANDLER. About the same as the
House bill: fifteen and twenty per cent- respect-
ively—as near that as you can possibly get at
it. My amendment is virtually the same as the
House proposition in this respect. I hope the
Senate will sustain this amendment; it is but
just, and it is the lowest sum that will enable our
miners to work. The House of Representatives
went into a thorough investigation; they took the
sworn testimony of a great many witnesses. I
have it before me; but I do not wish to occupy
the time of the Senate in reading it; but the
best and most experienced miners swore that
this is the lowest sum that will enable them to
run their mines.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I wish to sub-
mit to the Senate two or three amendments,
occupying as little time as possible. The first
relates to the subject of zinc.
Mr. SPRAGUE. If the Senator will give
way I will move an adjournment.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. Before put-
ting the question on that motion the Chair
will lay before the Senate certain bills from the
House of Representatives for reference.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED. .
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 666) authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to purchase certain property for
military -purposes—to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
A bill (H. R. No. 820) for the relief of
Henry S. Davis—-to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
Abill'(H. R. No. 967) for the relief of James
Hooper, of Baltimore, Maryland—to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
A bill (H. R. No. 1044) for the relief of
John Gray, a revolutionary soldier—to the
Committee on Pensions.
A bill (H. R. No. 1045) for the relief of
Daniel Fffederick Bakeman, a revolutionary
soldier—to the Committee on Pensions.
A joint resolution (H. B, No. 211) for the
relief of George W. Lane, superintendent of
the branch-mint at Denver, Colorado, and
Assistant Treasurer of the United States—to
the Committee on Claims.
A joint resolution (BE. R. No. ?44) t9 amend
existing laws relating to internal revenue^tp
the Committee on Finance. - 7
The amendments of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the joint-resolution (&. R. No. 99)
for the .relief of Paul S, Forbes, under his eon-
Jraet witit the Na?y Department for building
and furnishing the -steam screw sioop-of-war
Idaho, were referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs. . ■
TUB TARIFF- BILL,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Sense bill
No. 718 is before the Senate, and the Senator
from Rhode Island moves that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask the Senator to with-
draw that motion for a moment and I will
renew it.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Very well.
Mr. CONNESS. I am willing to stay here
if there is the slightest chance of voting on this
bill to-night, but we have been here already
six hours and a quarter and I find that Sen-
ators all around nave amendments to offer;
there is no prospect of getting through. I
hope, therefore, we shall adjourn. I renew
the motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I consider it my duty
to ask for the yeas and nays. The matter is
at the disposition of the Senate. They can do
as they see fit.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 7, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Conncss, Davis, Grimes, Hender-
son. Morton, Patterson, and Sprague—7.
NAYS—Messrs. Ahthsny, Cattell, Chandler, Cra-
in, Doolittle, Edmunds, Fcsscndcri, Fogg, Poster,
Frelihghuysen, Howard, Kirkwood, Morrill, Po-
land. Sherman, Stewart, Van Winkle, Wade, Wil-
ley, Williams, and Wilson—21.
ABSENT — Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Cowan,
Creswell, Dixon, Fowler, Guthrie, Harris,' Hen-
dricks, Howe, Johnson, Lane, MeDougaii, Morgan,
Nesmith, Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Riddle, fioas,
Saulsbury, Sumner, Trumbull, and Yates—24,
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I, move an
amendment: to strike out in line six hundred
and ninety-two-of- section nine on page 69, the
word "two,'' and insert "three;" so as to
read:
On white oxide of zinc, or zinc paint, dry, three
cents per pound.
This interest is a new and important interest
in this country-
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee do not
make any objection to that increase.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. On the fortieth
page, line seventy, of section eight, I move to
strikeout "three" and insert "four;" so as to
read:
On zinc in sheets, four cents per pound.
Mr. FESSENBEN. That is rather high;
Put it at three and' a half cents and we shall
make no objection.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Very well, I
will take three and a half, and I so modify my
amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Now in line
sixty-eight of that section I move to make the
duty "on zinc, spelter, or teutenague, in
blocks or pigs," two and half cents instead
of two cents per pound.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I make no objection
to that.
Mr. FOSTER. To that portion of the
amendment which relates to spelter I must
object. It will increase the cost of various
manufactures that are made up of this article
to a very great extent The duties imposed
by the bill to protect those manufactures are
adjusted to the duty at the rate of two cents
pgr pound; that, is an increase on the present
rate; and the increase of duties, on the various
manufactured articles ig not'sp uiucV relatively
as on this item, as the bill stands. The atten?
tion of the chairman of tie Committee mi
Finance was called to if, and I understood him
to agree that, in his opinjon, puttiiig the duty on
spelter at two cents, a pound was potting it
higher relatively th^a' the duties on .articles
manufactured from spelter, as no# arranged in
the bill. This addition will make it impossible
for the manufacturers to go on without an in-
crease of duties on artistes into the manufacture
of which spelter enters as a component part.
If yon increase the duty oa that, as now pro-
posed, I thiiik there will b,e an end to the man-
ufacture ocf the article? into which, this enters. -
That is my belief.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. This article is
imported from Prussia to a- considerable ex-
tent, and there labor is two shillings a day;
here it is $2 §0 a day. This is an article which
ifi found in very many of our States east and
west, and an interest which ought, to be t'os-s
tered in this country. It is not one of those
interests that exist in the future and in mere
imagination, but is now established, and this
country is able to supply all tha,t is required
of this most important artiele. I hope thai
the amendment will prevail.
Mr. FOSTER. The artiele is used very little
in the condition in which this clause of the bill
supposes it to be. It is amalgamated with other
metals, and so makes up various articles that
go into use in the country. In that way a large
amount of labor is employed. Now_, if yon
increase the price of this material, which goes
into and makes up a component part of many
other articles of manufacture, without increas-
ing the duties on those several articles, you
will not be protecting home labor: you will be
doing the exact reverse. If the protection
given to this article as a raw material is greater
than that to the articles manufactured from it,
the foreign manufactured articles will be im-
ported, and there will be no demand for this.
Thus you will be giving to American labor with
one hand and taking away with two.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is precisely the
principle that has been adopted with regard to
other things to-day.
Mr. FOSTER. I am aware of that; but I
hoped the Senate would stop at some point—■
possibly here. If they are not to stop at all,
of course I must submit.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. This article is
imported at five cents in gold and sold in
New York at nine cents currency. If very
little use be made of it by manufacturers, it
will do those who the learned Senator from
Connecticut fears will be injured by it very
little damage. I insist respectfully that an
interest like this, which is already established
in this country for the production .of an article
that we have in a great many of the States,
ought to be fostered and protected; and I hope,
the amendment, which it seems is not disagree-
able to the committee, will prevail.
Mr. FOSTER. In connection with this
amendment I wish to say a word with regard
to a kindred itpm on the preceding page of the
bill, the thirty-ninth page. Line fifty-one on
that page, as reported by the committee, stood :
" On nickel fifteen per cent, ad valorem."
The report of the committee has been amended
by adding to this line the words "and thirty
cents per pound.'' The same argument which
the honorable Senator from New Jersey uses
in regard to zinc and spelter is applicable, as
I understand, to nickel, and it illustrates the
effect. There is in this oountry one establish-
ment for the manufacture of nickel, and only •
one. The amount of capital invested is some
one hundred and fifty or two hundred thousand
dollars at the. outside. Now, there are in the
State of Connecticut manufactures of German-
silver wate into which nickel enters as a very
important part; it is one of the most import-
ant metals that goes into the manufacture of
that ware, in which more than three million
dollars of capital are invested* Duringthe past
year those manufacturers paid more than two
hundred thousand dollars of interna} taxes to
