186-7.
■ffiM/CONGRESSIOWM, GLOBE.
{his Government. It* is now proposed td thake
nickel so expensive that those works must stop
or do business ataloss; and for what purpose?
To build up a manufacturing establishment
where less capital is invested than these works
are paying to the Government in internal reve-
nue year by year. _ Thus, to say nothing of the
amount of private individual loss, the Govern-
ment strikes from its own Treasury a larger
amount than the whole amount invested in the
nickel works.
The same_ thing is not precisely true of
Spelter and zinc; but the same principle is in-
volved. You are building up the manufacture
of these as raw materials; no, no, I must beg
•pardon for calling them raw materials, because
it seems now that there is no raw material in
this country. The ice, I suppose, is not a raw
material; the air, I suppose, is not a raw ma-
terial ; certainly we have learned in the course
of the debate that iron ores and copper ores
which had been previously supposed to(be raw
materials are not so. But for convenience
sake and in popular language I hope to be
pardoned for speaking of these as raw mate-
rials. We are putting a duty which shall enable
these that have been previously called raw ma-
terials to be made in this Country, and we are
striking down all the establishments where
they are manufactured. If that is wisdom I
shall now learn it for the first time.
Mr. GRIMES. I am really astonished to
hear such an argument against this proposition
as has been urged by the Senator from Con-
necticut, namely, that the effect of it will be to
increase the price of materials that are to be
used in the different households of this country.
I understand that that is the very principle on
which the bill is predicated; and it is upon
that principle we propose that this nation shall
grow rich and all the people in it. This article
of zinc is an article of universal consumption.
There is hardly a family in the land that has
not articles of some description or other that
are made of this material. I suppose there is
not a stove in my State that has not a plate of
zinc beneath it. The Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Henderson] suggests that in some por-
tions of his State they make shoes of it. [Laugh-
ter.] I have never seen it used in my State
for (hat purpose. Now, it is proposed, for the
sake of encouraging the production of zinc in
the State of New Jersey, that we shall impose
an additional tax on all the people throughout
the country upon such articles as zinc and
Spelter and teutenague may be made into. I
shall of course vote against this amendment;
but [ cannot conceive how the Senator from
Connecticut, who I understand to be in favor
of the general proposition of the bill, can inter-
pose any objection to the amendment of the
Senator from New Jersey.
Mr. POSTER. Mr. President, I am in favor
of protecting home industry, but I am not in
favor of protecting it in the way that is here
suggested ; and if this bill is finally brought into
such a position as a few amendments of this
sort would place it, I shall be compelled, act-
ing upon the principle of voting in favor of
protecting American industry, to vote against it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. In reference to
this little article which I have named, one es-
tablishment during the years 1863, 1864, and
1865 paid $80,000 to the Government in the
way of taxes. One establishment pays out in
wages $50,000 a month. What nickel has got
to do with this question of zinc, or what the
relations of the two subjects are, I am not aware.
And in reference to this whole tariff bill, to
which allusion has been made, it is not a ques-
tion of political economy for us to discuss at
all, in my apprehension; it is just a question
of necessity; that is all there is of it. We have
got to have a gold revenue to pay our debt.
The only possible source to which we can look
for it is our tariff income ; and the gentlemen
who have framed this bill assure the Senate
and assure the country that this bill will give
us a larger gold income with a smaller importa-
tion of goods.; and I believe it. That is the
assuranceixvetl by the committee, and I believe
it. Then,-farther, we must tax the manufacturer,
because we have got the interest of the debt to
pay. The manufacturer cannot pay the tax
unless he is protected in his manufactures. The
manufacturer must live as becomes a freeman
and a citizen of this country, and We must have
a duty on goods imported; we must make the
foreign manufacturer pay a tribute into our
Treasury equal to the difference between the
living of the laborer- here and the living of the
pauper of Europe. It is a matter of necessity.
It is said that the consumer will have to pay
more for his goods. I do not know that the
Consumer will have to pay any more for the
goods that he' uses than he would have to pay
in taxes if yoft relieved the manufacturer from
his taxation. At all events, by the imposition
of these duties a home market is created, and
every man who is engaged in labor has the ben-
efit of that heme market, an<l those- who are
not engaged in labor, by the appreciated wealth
of the country in the increase of their prop-
erty have the benefit of this tariff.
As to commerce', commerce is promoted by
this tariff. Let there be a uniform tariff in
this country, one that does not vary from year
to year, and we shall have manufactures that
will supply and command the whole market of
the East, with our railroad across the continent
and our steamers on the Pacific ocean. For
us to throw away the growing market of this
country to foreigners, to take the very life-
blood out of this young Republic and transfuse
it into the arteries of the old kingdoms of
Europe, would be an enormity. It seems to me
that we should pla&e ourselves in the class of
those who forget their own household.
I hope that this bill will pass. I hope that
it will be perfected. The whole country are
indebted to the laborious attention that the
committee and commissioner have given to
this bill; but at the same time, as a matter of
course, in some of its details it is capable of
being improved; and on this question of spel-
ter for ingots of zinc, disconnected from nickel,
I hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. GRIMES. I have been enlightened by
the Senator from New York on two points:
first, that no question of political economy
enters into or has controlled the committee in
preparing this bill, or should govern us in
voting for it. I judged as much before, but I
was not aware of it until I heard the statement
authoritatively made by a gentl&man who is a
strong advocate, as I understand, of the meas-
ure. I should like to address to him one
inquiry: if it be true, as I understand from
his argument he asserts it is, that all classes
in this country are to be equally protected
under our tariff law—this permanent tariff law
that he speaks of—will we not occupy the same
position that we do now? Who is going to be
benefited and who is going to be injured,
and where is the money to come from with
which to support the Government?
But I am instructed upon another point, and
that is, that the Committee on Finance have
informed the Senate and the country that un-
der this bill there will be a smaller amount of
imports and a greater or an equal amount of
gold realized to the Treasury than under the
present tariff law. I am aware that the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] made that state-
ment the other day; and I undertook to ascer-
tain, if I could, in what manner he proved it;
but I came to the conclusion that it was a mere
expression of-his judgment, such as all of us
can entertain perhaps, one probably with as
much accuracy as another. But the commit-
tee have made no such report as that. I have
not heard any such declaration as that from
the chairman of the Committee on Finance. I
hardly think he will be willing to make that
statement; I hardly think the Secretary of the
Treasury will be willing to make that state-
ment ; and I suspect there are hardly more
than two or three members of this body who
concur with the Senator from Ohio iri that ex-
pression of opinion. The truth is, Mr. Presi-
dent, yon will not raise as much.#everiri« uiideT
this tariff as you did last year- by $5O,0O®-,©0O."
That is a mere assertion of mine I know.
Mr. SHERMAN. Nobody claims that we
shall.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand the Senator
from Ohio says that nobody claims that we
shall raise within $50,000,000 as much as we
did last year.
Mr. SHERMAN. But I say that .this tariff
as it stood—not if you are going to pile duties
upon duties, but as it stood—I think will raise
considerably mart revenue than the existing
tariff during the same time.
Mr. CATTELL. If the Senator from Iowa
will permit me, I made the same statement in
my remarks, and I said I thought the diStin'
fuished chairman of the committee would per-
aps agree with me, that the amount of rev-
enue would be about the same under this as
under the last tariff; that it would not change
much; but I took occasion theft to state' that
the amount of customs receipts would unques-
tionably, for certain causes, be reduced the
coming year. I have no doubt it will be forty
or fifty millions less, and I hope it will be.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Sen-
ate ready for the question on the amendment
of the Senator from New Jersey?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes five.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays. It will be necessary to have the yeas
and nays in order to get a quorufti. There is
not a quorum voting on the division.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 8, nays 17 ; as follows:
. YEAS—Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Creswell, Fre-
linghuysen, Howe, Van Winkle, Wade, and V/ii ley—8.
SAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cragin, Davis, Doolittle,
Edmunds, Fessenden, Fobs, Foster, Grimes, Hen-
derson, Kirkwood, Lane. Morrill, Poland, Sherman,
Williams, and Wilson—17.
ABSENT — Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Conness,
Cowan, Dixon, Fowler, Guthrie, Harris, llendrieks,
Howard, Johnson, McDougall, Morgan, Nesmith,
Norton, Nyc, Patterson, Pomcroy, Ramsey, Riddle,
Ross, Sautsbury, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Trum-
bull, and Yates—27.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this ques-
tion the yeas are 8, and the nays 17 ; no quo-
rum voting.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 25, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
DEFENSE OF THE NORTHEASTERN FRONTIER.
Mr. PATTERSON, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Foreign Affairs, re-
ported a bill to provide for the defense of the
northeastern frontier; which was read a first
and second time, recommitted, and with the
accompanying report ordered to be printed.
Mr. ORTH, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the views of the minority of the com-
mittee ; which were also ordered to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON entered a motion to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was recom-
mitted.
Mr. ORTH moved that one thousand extra
copies of the majority and minority reports be
printed for the use of the House.
The motion, under the law, was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
REMOVAL OF WRECK IN NEW YORK HARBOR.
Mr. DODGE. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table Senate joint
resolution No. 156, to provide for the removal
of the wreck of the iron steamship Scotland,
on the bar outside of Sandy Hook, and to put
it upon its passage. The joint resolution has
