144
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
Ho. of Reps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Maynard.
39tii Cong....2d Sess.
itate return of this nation to specie payments.
But there is danger of our too long postponing
legislation in that direction. We have no time
to lose in legislating for the revival of our
decrepit industries, for the development of our
hidden resources, for the curtailment of per-
sonal and national extravagances, and for the
lessening of our importations. We must all go
to work. Production is the magic word. More
production and less imports will put us on the
direct road to specie payments, and legislation
in favor of economy, with the $4,000,000
monthly withdrawal, will gradually and safely
deliver us there. Less production and more
imports, with their twin sisters, extravagance
and paper expansion, will drive us to bank-
ruptcy and ruin. Legislate for production,
rely more upon ourselves, make the tariff, as
in former times, support the Government,
reduce the internal revenue tax as our interest
and debt decrease, and we shall find that our
present $300,000,000 of bank circulation will
be ample for all business purposes, and that
every dollar will be equivalent to specie. Such
is the policy that I recommend, and I believe
it will carry us safely through all our troubles;
and if it does not extinguish our debt with the
feneration that created it, as the Secretary of
the Treasury predicts, it will be because the
credit of our Government will be so good that
the holders of our forty-year five per cent,
bonds will prefer holding them until they
mature.
Reconstruction.
SPEECH OP HON. H. MAYNARD,
of tennessee,
In the House of Representatives,
February 12,1867.
The House having under consideration the bill
(h. R. No. 1143) to provide for the more efficient gov-
ernment of the insurrectionary States, Mr. Allison,
being entitled to the floor, gave way to—
Mr. MAYNARD, who said:
Mr. Speaker: My thanks are due to the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison] for this
brief opportunity of stating to the House that,
in my opinion, the time requires positive af-
firmative action at our hands. In the ordinary
course of affairs we might let things pass on
until we could devise something better than
the existing condition. The present time,
however, will not permit us to do that. It
requires us to move forward or to be thrust
irrevocably and irretrievably backward.
The few minutes that I have will not permit
me to array proofs. I but state proven facts
when I assert that throughout the region of the
unreconstructed States the animating, life-giv-
ing principle of the rebellion is as thoroughly
in possession of the country and of all the
political power there to-day as it ever has been
since the first gun was fired upon Fort Sumter.
Individual wrongs, enormities, and atrocities
mark certain portions and make them blacker
than the rest. There are still wide regions of
country in which nowhere is loyalty to this
Government, love to the old flag, the prevailing
or even the tolerated sentiment. The rebellion
is alive. It is strong—strong in the number of
its votaries, strong in the wealth and culture of
its leading and controlling spirits, strong in its
social influences, strong in its political power,
having in its ranks the leaders of political
affairs in the South during the past few years,
I might almost say without exception and on
either side—strong in the belief that the minor-
ities in the northern States are in sentiment
with them ; strong in the belief that the exist-
ing governments in all the southern States,
except in Missouri and Tennessee, are in
league with them; strong in the endeavor to
secure the control of the governments in these
two States, especially the latter ; strong in the
belief that the executive department of this
Government is in sympathy and community of
purpose with them ; strong in the belief that
the controlling majority of the supreme judi-
ciary of the land is with them in legal opinion ;
strong in the belief that the controversy in this
body between impracticable zeal and incorrigi-
ble timidity will prevent anything of import-
ance being accomplished or any legislation
matured. The vote that we gave the other day,
sending a bill then under discussion to the
Committee on Reconstruction—to the tomb of
the Capulets, as it was fondly believed—was
an incident that gave the rebel leaders infinite
hope, animating their courage, and making
them more confident than ever that their cause
was in the ascendent and their ultimate triumph
assured. The moral effect of what we have
done to-day in the passage of the Louisiana
bill, when it comes to be known through the
country, as in a few hours it will be, will I trust
neutralize the effect of that vote, at least pre-
vent it from being misunderstood.
The present bill is opposed as inapplicable
to the condition of restored peace. It is not
quite accurate to say that we are at peace;
that, there is no war. What peace is it? The
peace of Vesuvius at rest, the peace of the
slumbering volcano ; the fires banked up, not
extinguished; the strength of the combat-
ants exhausted, but their wrath unappeased;
no longer able to continue the conflict, but
awaiting a more favorable opportunity to renew
it. It is the cessation of hostilities rather than
peace. This condition of things surprises and
disappoints many. Many are incredulous of it
as an existing fact. It is frequently spoken of
as indicating a spirit very much intensified in
bitterness and far different from what prevailed
at the close of the war, or rather at the close of
active military operations.
Sir, that is a great misapprehension. The
spirit there now is the spirit that was there
then. It is not the rebellion that has changed;
it is you who-have changed in your estimate
of it. We all of us hoped—it was, I suppose,
the universal belief—that the war having been
waged until the arms of the rebellion were
actually wrested from the hands that held
them, when it must have been seen, when it
was seen that the physical power of this Union
was irresistible, it was hoped and believed by
everybody that the spirit ot the rebellion would
subside and the result be accepted as conclusive.
The country largely acted in that belief; meas-
ures were suggested and adopted by the official
authorities in that belief: with what "result
has been too often and too vividly portrayed
in this House to need repetition.
I have no word of censure for any man or
any community of men not personally con-
versant with the rebellion who failed to under-
stand its deep, ineradicable wickedness. It was
a manifestation of evil, an exemplification of
depravity, which in its nature they could not
have comprehended any more than an inhab-
itant of the tropics could comprehend the
nature of snow or the solidity of ice. It was
something of the like of which they had had no
experience. Human nature attained here to
a measure of perversity, new in kind as well
as degree.
When the clash of arms ceased the whole
country included within the limits of the ten
now unrepresented States was supposed to be
ripe for the immediate restoration of civil gov-
ernment, held as it then was by our armies
under the sole authority of military com-
manders assigned to the several departments.
There was great haste to supplant martial law
by the civil law, and give back to the people
republican self-government, which, according
to our theory, the war had overthrown. The
Government, represented by the Executive,
went immediately to work for the purpose of
reorganizing governments there. The various
steps taken are familiar to us, and the result is
unfortunately too patent and obvious. A gen-
erous confidence was extended to defeated
rebels and shamefully betrayed, covering not
only themselves with dishonor, but their bene-
factor with obloquy. The rebellion had cost
one President his life ; and it has cost another
President, I am sorry to say, more than his life
—his reputation. I say this not in reproach.
I cannot believe, I will not believe, that he con-
templated the results that have been reached.
I do not believe, the country will not believe,
that the gentlemen, the statesmen' whom he
selected, in some instances, at least, as his
agents, Governor Holden of North Carolina,
Governor Johnson of Georgia, and Governor
Hamilton of Texas, would ever have consented
for a single moment to b! used as instrument-
alities for the restoration in their respective
States of the rebel power in its present hideous
shape, defying the national authority, setting
at naught the laws, and contemning the rights
of all men but its own votaries. All that has
been done by them under the Executive au-
thority was done with far different wishes and
purposes.
So far certainly as they are concerned, and I
am content to accord the same liberal judg-
ment to their principal, their whole provisional
administration was a simple mistake and neces-
sarily a failure. It was an attempt to provide
civil government for a people not in a fit con-
dition for civil government. They should have
been keptunder military rule until the passions
excited by the war had time to subside and
give place to a quiet submission to the national
authority. How far this is from being the case
now we can see by the official acts of their ju-
diciary and Legislatures, by the language of
their public men, especially by the tone of
their press, (some passages from which, by
permission of the House, I will append,) and
negatively by the absence of every expression
of fealty or true allegiance to the United States.
We should address ourselves, then, seriously,
earnestly, and without delay to the existing
condition of things there. You proposed at
the last session an amendment to our national
Constitution as the basis upon which their gov-
ernments should be reorganized and they should
be restored to their previous relations with the
Federal Government. But that has been
unanimously, ostentatiously, contemptuously
spurned and spit upon by them ; rejected in
every way by which a people without a recog-
nized government could reject an offer of con-
ciliation ; rejected by them in private and in
their public assemblages, representative and
primary; in speech and by writing; by indi-
vidual oaths of profanity and by solemn reso-
lutions of congregated bodies. You have,
therefore, no hope from that quarter. Some-
thing you are bound to do, bound by every
consideration that can bind public men. Power
undoubted and plenary is in your hands, I do
not say against States as bodies-politic ; I will
not say against the South, whatever that may
be ; but power against the personal, individual,
men, women, ay, and children if you will, who
attempted the life of this nation and waged
war to overthrow it; power that extends to the
taking, if need be, of every life and every parti-
cle of their property; power constitutional,
legal, just, possibly not unconnected with a
duty; power as absolute and complete as the
power to pass an ordinary appropriation bill
for the payment of the salaries of the President
or the supreme judges. When you declare
war, you may do to your enemy all the things
permissible by the bloody code of war. They
who boastfully, defiantly, and with long pre-
arrangement provoked the nation to a conflict
of arms, empowered you to do your pleasure
upon them and theirs to the extent of your
physical force, restrained only by the precepts
of Christian civilization. Conquered, there is
no law for them, but the will of the conqueror.
Foe victis, is the severe and compendious law
of the sword.
I will not argue this proposition to show
from what source the power, in my opinion, is
