"132,
tEti OOMJEESSIOlSrAL' CrLDBE.
January 25,
Mr. PIKE. I will state to the gentleman
from Illinois there are few ships in the Ameri-
can or any other Navy that will ran .over eight
or ten miles an hour with an armament aboard.
It is very good speed, ten knots ah honr, There
. were few ships in our old- Navy previous to this
war, indeed I do -not think there was a ship in
that old Navy, which could run ten keots an
honr. ''
Mr. BROMWELL. IftWsftip cost $900,000,
And that sum was infect judiciously expended,
wfey is the builder herenow trying to get $600,-
000 for it?
Mr. PIKE. I will reply to the gentleman
from Illinois that the market for ships-of-war
is limited, particularly when any foreign na-
tions are engaged in war, for the Secretary of
State steps in and says, M You shall not sell to
• either belligerents a ship-of-war." Mr. Forbes
attempted to do this last year and was pre-
. Vented by the action of the Government. Of
course when these Governments are not at war,
' but in a state of peace, they have no need of
armed ships; and when they are at war onr.
Government will not allow armed ships to be
sold to them.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to hear the
gentleman from Maine express his opinion
whether this vessel is Or can be made valuable
to the Government for naval purposes.
Mr. PIKE. I will say in reply that, opinions
are various in regard to this ship. The Navy
Department considers it of small value, while
those who agree with Mr. Forbes in his ideas
. —engines, similar to the one in this ship having
worked well in the mercantile marine—think
this ship will be of great value.
Mr. Forbes is acquainted in the East, hav-
ing been largely engaged in mercantile affairs
there. He has no doubt that if he had taken
the ship to Japan last year and exhibited her
there so that she might be tested by actual per-
formance they would have bought her ; but in
his crippled condition he could not afford to
take the ship out of the hands of the Gov-
ernment, and consequently there was no way
of testing whether or not this ship is of practi-
cal value.
Mr. MAYNARD. My question was whether
the Government could make this ship available
for naval purposes.
Mr. PIKE. I will reply that I can only take
the judgment of others. This is a handsome
ship, and I esteem myself a judge at least of a
commercial ship, as I have been engaged in
shipping for a long time. But how valuable
her engines are I cannot say. My motion is
to reconsider for the purpose of submitting this
amendment. I call the previous question, and
1 do hope the House will agree with me.
Mr. RAYMOND. I ask the gentleman to
yield to mc.
Mr. PIKE. Certainly.
Mr. RAYMOND. I will consume but a few
moments in saying one or two words.
I admit the entire propriety of the rule, as a
rule, of enforcing all contracts made with those
who undertake to serve it. I will refuse as a
general thing to depart from that rule, but in
this case I think there are considerations
which make it an exception. If there was the
slightest reason to believe there was any inten-
tion to make money out of the Government
by this contract, if it were not absolutely cer-
tain the only motive Mr. Forbes had for enter-
ing into it was to serve the Navy during the
rebellion, I should hesitate about voting for
this joint resolution. But it is not so. Mr.
Forbes has put into this ship every dollar he
has received from the Government of the
United States with $350,000 of his own money.
- It seems to me now no more than just, con-
sidering his motive, considering the sacrifice
he must make in any case, the Government
should not insist on his returning the money
he has received, which it gets back in the ship
together with §850,000 of Ms-own, when, with
some changes in machinery, which may be more
or less expensive, it is the opinion of experts
and engineers this ship may be made one of
the most splendid ships in the Navy. He is
deterred from selling her to any foreign Gov-
ernment at the only time foreign Governments
wish to buy.
Unless it is considered proper for the Gov-
ernment of the United States to press to his
ruin every man who undertakes to serve it,
who has been unfortunate, having been misled
into ventures which he could not carry through,
it seems to me wise and equitable to pass the
amendment suggested by the gentleman from
Maine.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the vote by which the joint reso-
lution was ordered to be read a. third time was
reconsidered.
Mr. PIKE. I now move to amend by strik-
ing out "§000,000" and inserting in lieu
thereof "$050,000;" and also by striking out
the word "contract" before the word "price."
I move the previous question.
Mr. HILL. Will the gentleman yield me
three or four minutes?
Mr. PIKE. First let the previous question
be seconded and then I will yield.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Maine [Mr. PikeJ will have no right to any
time at this stage.
Mr. PIKE. If I have no time then I crffi-
not yield of course.
Mr. SPALDING. How much of the morn-
ing hour is left?
The SPEAKER. Three or four minutes.
Mr. SPALDING. Then I object to any
further debate.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HILL. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
The amendment of Mr. Pike was agreed to;
and the joint resolution, as amended, was or-
dered to be read a third time; and it was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
Mr. PIKE. I call the previous question on
the passage of the joint, resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HILL. I demand the yeas and nays on
the passage.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken: and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 96, nays 52, not vot-
ing 43 ; as follows :
TEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ancona, Anderson, Delos
It. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Banks, Barker, Baxter,
Bergen, Bidwell, Blaine, Boutwell.Boyer, Brandegee,
Chanler, Conkling, Darling, Deming, Dixon, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Dumont, Bekley, Eggleston, Eldridge,
Eliot, Farnsworth, Garfield, Goodyear, Grinnell, Gris-
wold, Hale, Higby, Hogan, Holmes, Hooper. Demas
Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell,
Hulburd. Humphrey, Hunter, Jenekes, Johnson,
Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Kelso, Latlin, George V,
Lawrence, Le Blond, Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Mar-
ston, Marvin, Maynard, Mclndoe, McRee, McRuer,
Mercur, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Myers, Newell,
Nicholson, Patterson, Perham. Pike. Plants. Pome-
roy, Price, Raymond, John H.Rice, Rollins, Sehenck,
Sitgreaves, Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Strouse, X'aber,
Nathaniel G. Taylor, Nelson Taylor, John L. Thomas,
Upson, Van Aeraam, Burt Van Horn, Welker, Wil-
liams, James F. Wilson, Stephen 3?. Wilson, Windom,
Winfield, and Woodbridge—96.
NAYS—Messrs. Baker, Beaman, Benjamin,Brom-
well, Broomall, Campbell, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb,
Cook.Cooper, Culloin, Dawson, Defrees, Delano, Den-
ison, Farquhar, 1'erry, Finek, Aaron Harding, Abner
(IHardlng, Hiu, Hise, Koontz, Kuykendall, Leftwieh.
Marshall, Miller, Moulton, Niblack, Noell, Orth,
Paine, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall, Rit-
ter, Rogers. Ross. Sawyer. ScoSeld, Shanklin, Shel-
labarger, Sloan, Stilwell, Stokes. Thornton, Trimble,
Trowbridge, Hamilton Ward, Henry D. Washburn,
William B.Washburn, Wen tworth, and Wright—52.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Alley, Ames, Arnell,
Baldwin, Bingham, Blow, Buokland, Bundy, Sidney
Clarke, Culven Davis, Dawes, Dodge, Glossbrennor,
Harris, Hart, Hawkins, Hayes, Henderson, Hotchkiss,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, James R.
Hubbell, Ingersoll, Jones, Kerr, Ketcham, Latham,
William Lawrence, McClurg, McCollough, O'Neill,
Phelps, Radford. Alexander H. Rice, Roussean,
Thayer, Francis Thomas, Robort T. Van Horn, An-
drew 11. Ward, Warner, Blihu B. Washburne, and
Whaley—43.
So the joint resolution was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. RANDALL of Pennsylvania stated that
his colleague, Mr. Gi.ossbrf.nneb., was absent,
being paired with Mr. O'Neill on all ques-
tions.
The result having been announced as above
recorded,
Mr. PIKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
question of privilege.
Mr. BROOMALL. I rise to a question of
privilege arising out of a part of yesterday's
debate as reported in the Globe of this morn-
ing. I ask that the part of the report which I
have marked be read at the Clerk's desk.
The Cierk read as follows:
"Mr. Cooper. Mr. Speaker, I said that when the
gentleman from Pennsylvania eh urged Andrew John-
son with being a usurper, if I were permitted to
quote the language of Marmion to Lord Douglas, I
would say—
" 'Lord Angus, thou hast lied.'
"Mr. Kelley. If I were permitted! Sir, while
the usurpation was plotting he was the confidential
paid agent of the usurper, and knew all the secrets of
the usurpation, and if conscience has not been extin-
guished in him he is not permitted to deny iny allega-
tion.
'lMr. Cooper. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman is
mistaken as to Mb facts. While I was the confiden-
tial agent and friend of the President of the United
States, and I glory in the fact, not one doll.ir of his
money has ever been handled by me: and when the
gentleman says thatl was his paid agent he lies
again."
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Speaker, I desire
to ask whether, before stating what I propose
to offer under the rules of the House as a ques-
tion of privilege 
Mr. ROGERS. I rise to a point of order.
Can this be a question of privilege, as the
words were not taken down at the time?
Mr. BROOMALL. My question has rela-
tion to that very point.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not yet
know what point the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Buoomall} desires to make.
Mr. BROOMALL. I desire to ask the
Chair whether, inasmuch as the objectionable
words were not taken down at the instance of
some gentleman objecting at the time, it is too
late for the House to censure the gentleman
from Tennessee.
Mr. JOHNSON. I submit that it is not a
privileged question at all. The gentleman has
stated no priviteged question at all.
The SPEAKER. He stated that he rose to
a question of privilege.
Mr. JOHNSON. Until he states what his
question of privilege is he has no right to tho
floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Broomall] must state what
his question of privilege is.
Mr. BROOMALL. Under the impression
that the Chair will answer my question of priv-
ilege in the affirmative, I offer the following
resolution:
Rexolccd, That the offensive language of the mem-
ber from the fourth district of Tennessee ou yester-
day, during the remarks of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, though welt meriting a vote of censure,
would degrade nobody as much as nimsell, and that
if his constituents arc satisfied with it and him, the
House of Representatives will not at present com-
plain.
Mr. FINCK. I submit that this is uot_ a
resolution of censure, and I object to its
introduction.
The SPEAKER. The Chair refers to page
76 of the Rules, as follows:
** If a member bo called to order for words spoken
in debate, the person calling him to order snail repeat
the words excepted to, and they shall be taken down
in writing at tho Clerk's table, and no member shall bo
held to answer, or be subject to the censure ot the
House for words spoken in debate if any o ther mem-
ber has spoken or other business has intervened
after the words spoken and before exception to tuciii
shall have been taken."
The obvious inference from this rule is, that
it is expected that some member upon the floor
will certainly call a member who is out of order
to order for using unparliamentary language,
and then the rule provides that the words ex-
cepted to shall be taken down after being re-
peated by the member who has excepted to
them, in this case no gentleman called mo
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Cooper] to
