148
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 26,
Ho. of Reps.
Tariff—Mr. Ward.
39th Cong.... 2d Sess.
military power of the rebellion. The following
is taken from the prospectus, as published in
the Richmond Daily Examiner of November
30, 18(56:
"Prompted by a love for a free and independent
press—a press which shall fearlessly expose corrup-
tion wherever found, and characterize men and meas-
ures as tlicy deserve—and encouraged by the earnest
solicitations of many kind friends, I have concluded
to establish at once, in Richmond, a southern paper.
X propose to make this paper a true exponent ofsouth-
ern thought and sentiment, and shall give to it, as its
most appropriate title, the name of The Southern ;
Opinion. Committing it to tho support of no partic-
ular sot of men or measures, I pledge it unreservedly
to tho South, in all her manifold interests, traditions, |
customs, and affection?. While Tho Southern Opinion
shall advocate such obedience to the Constitution and ,
tno laws as has been promised by the people of the
South, and shall support the reconstruction policy of
President Johnson as the only means by which the
country can bo saved from the savage and bloody rule
ol radicalism, it will accept the Yankee as a fact, and
logically and forever as a foe—whether in war or
peace, or in the field or the forum, or the Legislature
—always un enemy. There is a mutual and inextin-
guishable hate between the Yankee and the South-
erner. Whenever and wherever they meet they will
meet as foes at heart; and this feeling will live as long
as there are two men on earth to bear it toward each
other. Politicians and hypocrites and knaves for this
or that temporary purpose may attempt to glaze and
conceal this fact, but what stronger evidence docs one
want that this hatred of the South does exist in the
X orih, and with increased intensity, than what is fur-
nished in the spirit of the legislation and debates of
the last Congress, in the temper and results of the
recent political contests in the North, and still more
so in the ruffianly assaults made upon the President
of the United States in his late tour in the Northwest,
only bccausc he was suspected of a sympathy with
the South, and of being in favor of giving to the pco-
Ele of the South their constitutional rights! This
atred between the North and South does exist and
will exist for generations to come, despite all efforts
at conciliation, all blandishments, mutations, and
vicissitudes.
" I am for the South. I make no pretensions to an
affection for a Union that is both false and hateful.
The Union sought by our forefathers has perished,
not only from reality, not only from hope, but from
possibility. The South has submitted, without resist-
ance or murmur, to military tyranny, outrage, rob-
bery, and the emancipation of four millions of her
-laves; she has accepted the new condition of affairs
with a heroism and resignation unequaled in the
hirtory of the world; and yet the Yankee race,
instead of exhibitingsomething of the generous spirit
lhat should be born of victory, seek only fresh pre-
texts for the infliction of further injury and insult.
The southern States are this day practically disfran-
chised, and deprived even of every political right
and privilege won by our common ancestry. Yet
this is not enough! W e must hug the chains that bind
us, and kiss the rod which smites us. We must com-
plete our abasement by onr own act. We must accept
the negro as our equal and a brother; and to set
us an example for imitation, Massachusetts has just
elected two negroes to her Legislature! But rather
than ever see this state of things in the South, rather
than we should be degraded by such an abhorrent
and unnatural equality with tho negro, and have
him admitted into our legislative halls and to our
firesides, we would see our land again committed to
the desolation and devastation of war, and our homes
burned and ravaged by another Butler and Sheridan.
The negro is free; I have no wish to see him reen-
ulaved; hia condition as a 'freedman' is a disa-
greeable reality that must be recognized by the
South: but beyond his emancipation The Southern
Opinion will not yield, and will resolutely resist all
measures that pretend to the elevation of one whose
status has been fixed by Heaven.
"The Southern Opinion shall be confederate in its
devotion to the memory of ourshort-livcd independ-
ence, and all who fought for it or sympathized with
that proud though unsuccessful struggle, from Jeffer-
son Davis to the humblest soldier, shall be cherished
ns a sacred memory. Biographies, narratives, de-
scriptions, sketches, incidents and anecdotesillustra-
tive of tho late war shall form one of its most promi-
nentfeaturos. A numberofdistinguished confederate
officers have promised to contribute to its columns.
The scenes consecrated by valor, tho days hallowed
by victory or by scarcely less glorious dofeat, shall
not bo allowed to fall into oblivion. The holy ground
which entombs our dead heroes shall often be re-
visited, and our readers shall accompany us in these
sacred pilgrimages. A special reporter will be sent
out immediately to visit the various cemeteries in
Virginia and the South where our loved and lost are
gathered, who will furnish graphic and interesting
sketches of those sacred precincts. In the first num-
ber of the paper, in addition to other attractive orig-
inal matter of the sam e character, there will be a full
and accurate description of "Stonewall" Jackson's
tomb and its surroundings, together withaprize poem
commemorative of the valor, sufferings, andsaerifices
of the confederate soldiers. The first number will
also contain a true account of the health and general
eondition of our beloved ex-president. Jefferson Da-
vis, whose wrongs but the more endear him to the
hearts of his people, and whoso greatness of soul
seems to expand under the infliction, of the torture
and cruelty visited upon him, while ironed and in a
dungeon, by his brutal Yankee jailor*, and whoso
dignity of behavior as a prisoner has entitled him to
the perpetual sympathy and affection of hia country-
men and tho admiration of the world."
The leading editorial article of the New
Orleans Times of Sunday, February 10, 1867,
is as follows:
" Thk Washington Doings.—We used tolook with
interest for the news from Washington. The best
and most intellectual men used to be sent to Congress,
and we were in the habit of reading their speeches «i
with a kind of awe, and of regarding their acts with
a species of veneration; indeed, with a homage which
we shall never extend to mortal man again. Human
nature we find is a mistake. It has grossly deceived
us; at least the political branch of it in this country.
We here and there see a man looming up on the arena
who is governed not by passion, but by reason, and
who performs his whole duty. Such a man is the
present Executive of the United States, who ,has
breasted the storm of political fanaticism and partisan
fury without blenching, and who, though threatened
with impeachment for defending the Constitution of
his country, maintains hi3 equanimity and is indif-
ferent to the persevering and malignant attempts of
his political foes to destroy him.
"We see that the Senate has passed the Nebraska
bill over his veto, and we suppose the House will do
so likewise. There is no order, no stability in the
Government. Congress has evidently set itself to
work to undermine and overthrow both the other
coordinate branches of it. What with their recon-
struction plans, their riot committee projects, their
military Government bills, and their tariif abomin-
ation—none of which come within the legitimate
sphere of congressional legislation—they keep up a
constant alarm in the country, and involve all its
interests in confusion and uncertainty.
" It is high time that Congress should, in the first
place, bo made a legal body, as it was before the war,
by the admission of the southern Representatives.
Its acts may pass muster for the present but their
constitutionality are liable to bo questioned. It is
time that respectable men, who control their passions,
who use decent speechin their intercourse, and who
abstain from calling each other abusive names, like
low ruffians, should be sent to the congressional
Halls of the country. If there is any decorum left in
northern regions it is time that the Representatives
of the people there should abandon their present
manners -and begin to practico it. But above all
things else, if we are to have a country that we can
love, a Constitution that wo can maintain, and laws
that we can obey, it is absolutely necessary that tho
present Radical party, whoso leaders and whosoposic
comitates have been miserablywastingtheirtimeand
the people's money, and making arrant fools of them-
selves before high Heaven and the face of the whole
world for two full years, should be summarily, or as
summarily as may be, thrust from the seats they now
occupy and disgrace, and their places be occupied
with decent, honorable, and respectable men.
" Their presence at Washington is no longer toler-
able. Let them resign their seats, go home, repent,
■ pray, and hope to bo forgiven. Ifthoy will do this with-
out an instant's delay, the South, much cause as she
has to complain of them, will forgive their various sins
of omission and commission, of bold aggression and
subtle plotting, and will say no more about them.
But if they will not vacate the premises of their own
accord, and do it immediately, tho people of this
country, of all sections, will set themselves to work
with a will in order to oust them effectually, and will
accomplish the object before they begin to dream of
such a result. We advise them to listen to counsel
and depart from the congressional vicinage, horse,
foot, and dragoons, before a worse thing happens to
them."
Tariff.
REMARKS OF HON. H. WARD,
op new york,
Ix the House op Representatives,
February 2G, 18G7,
The House being in Committee of tho Whole on
the tariff bill.
Mr. WARD, of New York. Mr. Chairman,
I trust I may be indulged in a few remarks
upon a subject of such vast importance to the
country. We are in the last hours of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress. That memorable body
will soon cease to exist, and its acts for good
or evil will go into history. Yet up to this
time we have failed to do our duty in a very
important respect, to wit, in so amending or
revising our tariff system as to meet the ex-
igencies caused by a protracted and exhaustive
war, and to extend that protection to certain
branches of our deranged and languishing
industry which they so greatly need. I am
free to say that unless this is done the people
will have just cause to complain, and will hold
to a strict accountability those who are instru-
mental in preventing it.
What is the situation ? Our imports largely
exceed our exports. Our markets are flooded
with the pauper manufactures of the Old
World; business is deranged, capital retiring
and timid ; thousands of honest laborers are
out of employment in our cities and large
towns ; the currency is inflated and values are
fluctuating. It would seem, in this condition
of things, that it is the plainest duty of Con-
gress to take such action as will remedy these
evils, and secure the final return to a normal
condition of financial affairs, and to specie
payments.
This is not the ordinary question of tariff
and free trade which we discussed, and con-
cerning which we naturally differed in times
gone by, when the nation was peaceful, pros-
perous, and free from debt; but the question
is, what expedient, temporary or otherwise,
must be resorted to now to turn the balance of
trade, which is now against us, in our favor, to
protect our industry and to furnish the Treas-
ury with the $140,000,000 of gold that it needs
to answer the yearly gold liabilities of the
Government. The answer is plain: we must
increase the duty on imports, such as will
check importations, secure the needed supply
in gold, revive the manufacturing interests of
the country, and improve the markets for
agricultural products.
But it is said that these high duties will
increase the price of everything to the con-
sumer ; that may be in some instances true ;
but the interest of production and consump-
tion are so intimately blended that whatever
injures the producer affects the consumer, for
each consumer is, or ought to be, a producer,
and it is what the consumer produces that pays
for that which he consumes. If industry does
not find a ready market; if it is crippled or
brings low wages ; if the home markets are
poor and glutted with the products of foreign
climes, the consumer inevitably suffers.
We are also told that the farmer does not
want the tariff, it is only the manufacturer and
the iron and coal interests that demand it. I
am surprised, Mr. Chairman, at this assump-
tion ; of what avail are the products of the
farm unless a ready market is found for them
at home ? The agricultural interest, of this
country does not stand alone, it is only a part
of the whole business system of the country,
and enters into and sympathizes with all other
branches of business. Its prosperity depends
upon the prosperity of other branches of buai-
ness.
All the various pursuits of industry in this
land have an interest in common ; each more
or less depends upon the success of the other ;
strike down one interest and you injure the
whole. But the farmer does need specific pro-
tection for many of his own products. Take, for
examaple, wool: this production is not confined
to any section of the country; it is produced
by nearly every farmer in the land. The dis-
trict I have the high honor to represent is
largely engaged in wool growing. The produc-
tion of this article has been greatly increased
in the last few years, and it is now brought by
want of sufficient protection in ruinous com-
petition with all parts of the world.
The yearly clip in this country ia now about
one hundred million pounds, while the amount
manufactured here under the impetus of low
duties is about one hundred and eighty million
pounds, so that we import yearly about eighty
million pounds of wool. Much of this importa-
tion comes from South America, where per-
petual summer reigns, where the flocks of sheep
roam over vast tracts of fertile land, worth but
little per acre, subsisting upon the natural pro-
ducts of the soil, and requiring no particular
care, so that it does not cost one fourth as much
to produce a pound of wool in South America
as in New York. The wool thus easily and
cheaply produced is thrown upon onr market,
and the price of the article is brought down so
low that unless this interest can be protected it
