1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
39th Contg....2d Sess.
Indian Appropriations—Mr. Chaves.
Ho. of Reps.
be found to be dear when the means for pay-
ment are considered. If the employment is
profitable no one set of men can reap the ad-
vantages, a monopoly being on impossibility,
and it will only require two years aecordingto
the ratio of increase for a few years past to not
only grow our own material, but to fabricate it.
This reaches what the leading nations of Europe
sought for a half century to attain, and what
was the political philosophy of Benjamin
Franklin, and has been down through the line
of Presidents of whatever party including Pres-
ident Lincoln.
I will not be understood to .say that it is
either possible or profitable for the older mid-
dle States to maintain their sheep husbandry,
and only assert that their flocks should be
moved westward and spared rather than to give
up wool-growing to foreigners ; and that on a
change of the tariff the just claims of the new
States should not be overlooked. 1 want no
law which will not encourage competition and
give us early the best and cheapest clothing
for the people. I advocate no policy but that
which will save American labor from the low
foreign standards, and bring from abroad
consumers and artisans to make a permanent
population, which in our new States is wealth;
and if manufactures could be established in
no other way would advocate as economy the
necessary bounty to capital and the laborer,
rather than lose the profits of fabrication and
that independence which is within our reach.
Mr. Speaker, any measure involving so many
interests and the supposed policies of sections,
and the conflicting theories of economist's, can-
not be so perfect as to satisfy all; only time
can secure o fairer adjustment; but even now
we may test the fallacies of free traders, yet do
not so regard all those who oppose provisions
in this bill. It is their great cry that the tariff
of 1864 was oppressive, that goods would go
up beyond the reach of the farmer, who would
not be benefited by it. What is the truth as
to hardware, including horseshoes, shovels,
cutlery, and twenty-eight articles tested by the
commercial list of 1864 and 1867? Prices
averaged forty per cent, higher before the tariff
than now.
What is the condition of the producer ? His
staples, leaving ou t wool (relatively much lower)
including breadstuffs, meat, butter, and cheese,
are on an average thirty-five to forty per cent,
higher. These facts dispose of the great per-
versions of the argument. What may we antici-
pate as to the future but this: that with the
improved and greatly increased machinery our
woolens will be lower by a healthy and brisk
competition as with our flannels, which are
not only the strongest, but are afforded at the
cheapest rates, even when sent to foreign mar-
kets ?
The fact that the wool-grower here has not
a protection in his own market equal to the
burdens imposed on him as a citizen is a de-
nial of the right that the market of each nation
belongs to its own laborers, and leaves us with
an oppressive discrimination in favor of a poor
article and him not of our household. Thus
this industry declines, capital is sunk, labor is
diverted from a chosen field to be employed
in depressing the pork, beef, wheat, and corn
production: the young men with {esthetic tastes
will seek the factory, which has not now work
for all the skillful because of foreign goods, or
our towns and cities, to stand by the counter
or enter the lists with buyers and sellers, a
number now in most ruinous disproportion to
the actual producers in the country. Nor is
this all our incipient manufacturers would want
for- a home product, and be sure to decline.
Transporters would have larger profits, pro-
ducers less, because distant from a market reg-
ulated by the cheapest labor of the world, and
consumers less ability to pay on account of
wasted capital and competition in the fields of
employment. More than all, we strike a blow
at our'financial independence, which Franklin
early sought by counsel that we live independ-
ent of rivals, and the independence which Jack-
son urged that we might be more Americanized.
Ours would be that of the late condition in the
South, both a lesson and a warning. Remem-
ber, too, that to revive and restore flocks like
ours is not the work of a year, scarcely of a
decade; most unlike the production of a crop
of wheat, corn, hemp, or flax, which is the
work of a season. With tlje flock there is
to be acclimation, and there are the risks by
contagious diseases and the experience and
skill of a shepherd to attain such excellence
as ours, which has awakened the envy of the
world.
I will be no party to the debasement of our
great cloth staple, or to that political quackery
or imposition which denies fair and equal pro-
tection to our flocks. I rather desire that these
best scavengers of neglected fields and enrich-
ers of wasted lands, animals that have stood
in the foreground of the civilization of nations
for thousands of years, shall be multiplied by
millions to consume the verdure now swept by
prairie fires, and.give refined and rational em-
ployment to our people without commerce and
distant from cities, diversifying industry and
distributing the greatest benefits of toil to a
people removed from the centers of trade—
an interest now only asking the encourage-
ment which is given by an impost duty to the
glass and gunpowder maker, to the salt, boiler,
hemp and tobacco raiser, and kindred occu-
pations.
To a people one thousand miles from the
sea-board foreign commerce is of little con-
cern compared to good wages for the masses
and the prosperity of domestic trade, which is
many times greater than the foreign. The
healthy growth of our cities, now prospered be-
cause of the introduction of manufactures, is
of greater concern than the profits of the im-
porter and jobber, and the desire that enter-
prise and capital should be in proximity to
cheap food, fuel, and motive power, and that
hundreds of millions of rich acres should be
reclaimed, is more rational than that our
exchanges and customers should be in a coun-
try with no advantage over ours in climatc,
schools, and society, and which, like New
England, raises just wheat enough for her peo-
ple two weeks in a year and meat for ten
weeks—a surer road to independence than to
cultivate the foreign market for the two and a
half per cent, of our staples. To do this is to
destroy our infant industries and disperse our
skilled labor, and repeat the exactions by a
demand for high prices which it is not easy to
resist.
1 have purposely avoided a wide range of
discussion in nope that one branch of this sub-
ject, treated I trust with candor, may secure a
wide application. To enjoy prosperity we must
have more producers and fewer to take toll on
labor, and a lessening of the cost of marketing
and the time required for making the ex-
changes. Chosen industries should have pro-
tection against foreign labor, which enjoy no
better conditions for production than our own.
Nor should one class be forced into a field not
of their choice, which so oftearesults in a glut-
ting of the market. Let Congress discourage
and not encourage importations, keep our peo-
ple in work and cheer by fabricating our own
wares and goods, and lightening internal taxa-
tion. Make it for the interest of foreign capi-
tal to be here employed in diversified industries,
and our wasted lands will be occupied, trade
will be healthy, and times thriving, taxes will
be lightened by increase of population and
wealth. The day for specie payments will not
be then in the dim distance, and with slavery
dead, our nation reconstructed on the eter-
nal principles of justice, though the next gen-
eration should pay the last installments of
the debt contracted in a holy cause, they
might more highly prisse institutions which
cost uncounted milRons and blood.
Indian Appropriations.
SPEECH OF HON. J. F. CHAVES,
OF NEW MEXICO,
In the House of Representatives,
March 2, 1807,
On the bill making appropriations for the Indians
for tho fiscal year ending June 30,1868.
Mr. CHAVES. Mr. Speaker, I hope the
House will not commit such manifest injustice
as to refuse to make the necessary appropria-
tion for the clothing and subsistence of the
Navajo Indians on the Bosque Redondo res-
ervation. These Indians have been for nearly
two centuries the scourge and curse of the
people of New Mexico. The Spanish, the
Mexican, and the American Governments have
made successive campaigns against them ; some
of these were partially successful, and brought
peace to the country for a series of years;
such as the campaign of Bizcarra, a lieutenant
colonel in the Spanish service, who made such
a vigorous and successful campaign against
them that the Indians, regardless of conse-
quences, rushed unarmed into his line of sol-
diery, bearing small wooden crosses upon their
breasts and in their hands, and prostrating
themselves at the feet of Bizcarra implored
his mercy and sued for peace. Others have
been extremely disastrous in every way, pro-
ducing no good results, costing the Govern-
mentswhich undertook them large expenditures,
and bringing neither peace nor protection.
Of all the campaigns waged against this
powerful tribe Bizcarra's was the most suc-
cessful. The Navajoes kept perfectly peace-
able for twelve years. They and the Mexicans
herded their flocks together ; and it was quite
a common occurrence to see the poorer class
of Navajoes hire their services to the Mexicans
to herd their sheep. A very large portion of
the tribe lived within the Mexican settlements.
The flocks and herds of the country became
so large and prosperous during the twelve
years of peace that succeeded that twenty-five
cents was considered a very fair price for sheep
and five dollars for a cow.
Since the year 1846, when the American
troops invaded the Territory of New Mexico,
several campaigns have been made against the
Navajoes by this Government; nearly all of
them have resulted in treaties of peace, but
the actual fact was the contrary. In 1851
Colonel Sumner, at that time commandant of
the department, made a campaign into the
Navajo country and got his troops into the
Canon de Chelle, (Tchay-Yay,) a very high,
deep, and narrow gorge in the Mesas, with
nearly perpendicular cliffs ; the Navajoes occu-
pied the cliffs above, and compelled him to
abandon his intention of attacxiag them in
their st onghold by rolling large rocks upon
the troops. Colonel Sumner then retired to a
place called Canon Bonito, about fifty miles
east of Canon de Chelle, and established a
military post, which was called Fort Defiance,
(since "then Fort Canby.) He again made a
treaty of peace with the Navajoes, and they
kept it tolerably well until the year 1858.
During these seven years, although the peo-
ple lost some stock by these Indians, yet the
country grew in wealth and prosperity, and
over two hundred thousand sheep were sent
into California from the Territory. Unfortu-
nately, through the mismanagement of the com-
manding officer at that post, Major Brooks,
who ordered the guard at the hay-camp to fire
upon any Indian stock found grazing at that
camp, a new war was inaugurated, and it has
continued almost uniBtermittently from that
time until the present. The Navajo's law U
"an eye tor an eyo" and a tooth for a tooth.
After their stock had been fired upon and some
of it killed, an Indian named Cayetanito pro-
ceeded to the fort, and knowing that a black
boy at the post was the property of the com-
