1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Davis.
Ho. of Reps.
posing that this were true; did you not force
them to come into your Government? They
were living very happily under their own, and
if you fail to make a good bargain are you
going to play the child ? But I deny such an
assertion. What would you have done with-
out the mines of California and Nevada during
the late war? Where would you have pro-
cured your gold? Yet California and Nevada
are only a small portion of the cession of the
magnificent territory which Mexico made to
you in 1848.
New Mexico and the country will yet see
the day when she will fully repay for all its
expenses in her behalf. When the Govern-
ment found itself in need and the life of the
nation imperiled she rushed to her assistance
and at one time had as many as five regiments
of her gallant volunteers in defense of her
adopted mother. Her people have a love and
affection for this Government. Do you pro-
pose to repay that devotion by forgetting your
treaty stipulations, or do you propose to for-
get your solemn obligations by turning them
over tp the tender mercies of savages, goaded
to desperation by the mismanagement of your
authorized and recognized agents and by your
failure to comply with your most solemn prom-
ises? God forbid that such a course should
be pursued and that such counsels should pre-
vail.
Reconstruction.
SPEECH OF HON. THOS. T. DAVIS,
of new york,
In the HotrsE of Representatives,
February 13, 1867,
Upon the bill to provide for the more efficient gov-
ernment of the rebellious States.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Speaker, it is clearly the
duty of Congress to do whatever it may for the
restoration of harmony among the States of
the Union and of prosperity to the whole Re-
public.
Ten States, once independent, once bound
by the silken and beneficent ties of constitu-
tional restraint to the Federal Union, no longer
answer to the roll-call in the Halls of Con-
gress ; practically they are excluded from the
enjoyment of those privileges which the Con-
stitution was intended to secure.
The fact that these States, or their repre-
sentatives, withdrew from Congress was no fault
of the loyal States of the Union. The with-
drawal left, of necessity, the administration of
the Government and the conduct of the war
that followed rebellion, in the hands of the
loyal States and of the Union party, which
alone sustained the administration of the Gov-
ernment; and when the rebellion was sup-
pressed, the duty of restoring the insurrec-
tionary States clearly belonged to the Union
party of the country. The rebels could not
claim a right at once, unrepentant and unfor-
given, to aid in carrying on a Government
which for four years they had in every mode
of honorable and dishonorable warfare at-
tempted to destroy; nor could the Democratic
party, as such, having as a political organiza-
tion pronounced the war a failure, and that
peace ought to be attained by the sacrifice of
all for which the war was prosecuted, solicit a
a prominent place in the work of restoration
or reconstruction.
But, Mr. Speaker, the Union party, in its
work of reconstruction, is bound to regard the
organic law of the Republic, and so far_as pos-
sible to conform to those republican principles
which alone, impressed upon the laws and
institutions of the country, give value to its
Government. Nothing can excuse the disre-
gard of these duties save absolute necessity.
The Constitution enjoins upon Congress the
duty of guarantying a republican form of gov-
ernment to each State of the Union, and this
means a representative government, based
upon just and equal laws and conferring equal
rights and protection before its laws upon all
citizens. It means no government of pure
military force, where the edicts of a military
chief are substituted for the body of the civil
law, and the will perhaps of a single man,
responsible to no power and bound by no re-
straint save his own volition, is the govern-
ment and law of nine million people. Yet,
sir, this bill, as now introduced and advocated
here, which proposes "to provide for the more
efficient government of the insurrectionary
States," divides ten States of this Union into
five military districts and establishes martial
law throughout them all, assigns a general of the
Army to each district, and provides a military
force sufficient to enable such officer to per-
form his duties and enforce his authority
within his district. Those duties are pre-
scribed by the third section of the bill in thesS
words:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of each officer assigned as aloresaid to protect
all persons in their rights of person and property, to
suppress insurrection, disorder, and violence, and to
punish, or cause to be punished, all disturbers of the
public peaco and criminals, and to this end he may
allowcivil tribunals to take jurisdiction of and to try
offenders, or, when in his judgment it may bo neces-
sary for the trial of offenders, he shall have power to
organize military commissions or tribunals for that
purpose, anything in the constitution and laws of
the so-called States to the contrary notwithstanding;
and all legislative or judicial proceedings, or pro-
cesses to prevent or control the proceedings of said
military tribunals, and all interference by said pre-
tended State governments with the exercise of mili-
tary authority under this act, shall be void and of no
effect.
Here, Mr. Speaker, aje the positive ele-
ments of an absolute government. The officer
is to punish or canse to be punished all dis-
turbers of Hie public peace and criminals.
He may decree such punishment as he may
deem best, and he may invoke the aid of such
civil tribunals as shall exist by his permission,
or he may institute military commissions at
his pleasure. But these positive elements of
despotic power are fortified by the inhibition
of the fourth section upon the officers of the
Federal courts:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That courts and
judicial officers of the United States shall not issue
writs of habeas corpus in behalf of persons in mili-
tary custody, unless some commissioned officer on
duty in the district wherein the person is detained
shall indorse upon said petition a statement certify-
ing, upon honor, that he has knowledge or informa-
tion as to the cause and circumstances of the alleged
detention, and that he believes the same to be
wrongful; and further, that he believes that the in-
dorsed petition is proferred in good faith, and in
furtherance of justice, and not to hinder or delay
the punishment of crime. All persons put under
military arrest by virtue of this act shall be tried
without unnecessary delay, and no cruel or unusual
punishment shall be inflicted.
There, Mr. Speaker, are such powers as in
no constitutional or representative Government
have ever been lodged in the Chief Magistrate.
They are such aa relate only to despotism on
the one hand, and a subject race on the other.
Sir, I have no available apology to offer for
that blind fatuity of the people of the South
which, in attempting the destruction of the
Union to maintain slavery, destroyed absolutely
and foreverthe very institution itsought to pre-
serve. In fact, in the terse expression of another,
"it essayed murder, but committed only sui-
cide. '' The southern States waged war for more
than four years against a Government that had
never harmed them, to perpetuate a system
which was a curse to them and to the country.
Their armies were beaten and discomfited;
their seaports were seized; their capital was
beleaguered; and when the marshaled legions
of Grant encircled Richmond and surrounded
Lee there seemed no possible esoape from abso-
lute, unquestioning, and unconditional submis-
sion to our arms.
By a dire misfortune, through undeserved
clemency, the terms of surrender permitted by
Mr. Lincoln to the armies of Lee and his asso-
ciate generals were such as yielded half of
the advantages of victory to the vanquished.
They condoned all treason and treasonable
action on the part of every soldier of the con-
federacy coming within the list of the surren-
dered, and one hundred and twenty thousand
missionaries of discord and dissatisfaction were
let loose to roam over the southern States, amen-
able to no law for former crimes and punish-
able only for future offenses.
Again, when Mr. Johnson acceded to the
duties of the presidency, with a magnanimity
quite equal to that which inspired the policy
of the lamented Lincoln, he pardoned in civil
life many who had been prominent in rebellion,
and who by that prominence had forfeited all
claim to favor.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I submit that when the
armies of rebellion laid down their arms and
gave up the contest, it was with the confession
and consciousness that full effect was to be
given to the proclamation of emancipation,
and that equality of right in the freedman be-
fore the law, was no more to be questioned or
denied; for that equality was assured by the
proclamation, and the faith of the Government
plighted to its maintenance.
Again, I submit that the South, in surren-
dering to a power they could no longer resist,
well understood that the Government were
bound by every consideration to protect the
loyal citizen, who, at the South during the
war, proscribed, maligned, persecuted, and
despoiled, had still been unfailing in his fidelity
to his flag and his country.
I hold, therefore, that it was the duty of the
southern people at the close of hostilities to
accept the consequences involved, under the
conditions stated, in their submission. These
were : the entire and perpetual annihilation of
slavery; the social changes resulting from the
destruction of that institution ; the concession
of all the rights of the freedmen flowing from
their emancipation ; the claims to immunity
of all citizens of the southern States who
during the war had remained faithful to the
Federal Government; and then such changes
in State constitutions and laws as should be
requisite to produce conformity with these
altered conditions. These were clear and ob-
vioud duties, and their honest performance, I
fully believe, would before this day have secured
representation to these States with the cheerful
assent of Congress. Unfortunately, the people
of the South assumed a different attitude, and
although defeated in battle .and deserving of
severe punishments, clothed themselves with
the vestments of injured innocence, and asserted
rights of citizens of the United States which
they had forfeited by rebellion against the
United States.
I do not propose, sii^at this time to detain
the House by recitals of evidence existing on
the files of the House in respect to the condi-
tion and action of the southern States since
the war. This has been so frequently referred
to, and so much ofher evidence is before the
country, that I shall simply state as the con-
clusions to be derived from that evidence the
following propositions:
1. That a state of insubordination and^ law-
lessness prevails very generally in the States
lately in rebellion, which is attributable in
great degree to a determination not to regard
in any wise the enactments of Congress for
the preservation of order.
2. That the liberties and rights of the freed-
men have been ignored and trampled on. and
that they have often been foully abused, out-
raged, and murdered, without the arrest, trial,
or conviction of the gnilty parties, and even
without inquiry into the circumstances by any
civil magistrate or court.
3. That men of known loyalty have been
proscribed, their property seized, their houses
burned, their estates despoiled, and their lives
