164
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 16,
Senate.
Reconstruction—Mr. Cowan.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction.
SPEECH OF HON. EDGAR COWAN,
of pennsylvania,
In the United States Senate,
February 16, 1867,
The Senate having under consideration the bill (h.
R. No. 1143) to provide for tho more efficient gov-
ernment of the insurrectionary States.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, that we have j
no power to pass this of-any similar measure
is to me so plain as to defy argument. There ;
is nothing more obvious than the statement of 1
the question itself with which to compare or
illustrate it. If I should discuss it, I should
feel on meeting a lawyer as Cicero thought j
Roman augurs must feel when they met one ! |
another after consulting the auspices. He j,
wondered how they could keep from laughing j,
in one another's faces. We have a Constitution j!
plainly written, easily understood, and which j:
we have all, in the presence of God and in ;
His great name, taken a solemn oath to sup-
port, an oath which the people we represent
. imposed upon us, that we, being stronger and
wiser than they, might stand as guardians to
preserve their covenants with one another,
even though they themselves, or a majority of
them."in the passionate excitement of some
frenzied hour, should wish to overleap its
sacred bounds and desire that to be done which
it was made to prevent. It is their covenant
that the powers of the Federal Government
shall be limited—"thus far shalt thou go, and
no farther "—that there shall be no wrong, no
tyranny, nor any lawful power to commit the
same upon even the poorest citizen of the
land. That has been its pride and its boast;
that has endeared it to all our people, and
made it a beacon-light to nations struggling
for national freedom.
It establishes a Republic; the measure before
the Senate establishes a despotism. It secures
the rights of States; this takes them away.
It gives to all a fair trial by due process of law;
this subjects the people to trial and punish-
ment according to the will of irresponsible
rulers, not even chosen by themselves. I say
this measure establishes a despotism. I say
more; it contemplates a despotism compared
with which the worst despotisms in Europe are
beneficent, and the worst in Asia a thousand
times preferable. This enthrones a tyrant,
unlearned in the law and unskilled to rule, in
every town and hamlet in a country as large as
Great Britain, France, Austria, and Prussia,
and inhabited by ten million people. These
tyrants are the creatures of Federal appoint-
ment, are to decide according to martial law,
(which is no law,) and their decrees are to be
executed by the Federal bayonets.
And what is the pretext for this sum of all
the atrocities—what is the reason given for this
monstrous measure, so repugnantto the religion
and civilization of the age? Js it because the
southern people have now no governments,
that they have no laws, that they have no
courts to administer them? Not. at all. Eyen
the diabolism of party strife cannot deny bat
that they have constitutions and laws hardly
differing from our own; that they have Gov-
ernors and Legislatures, courts and juries, all
working in the most regular manner; and
further, that the vast mass of their people,
white and black, are perfectly satisfied with
them as they are.
What, then, is the difficulty? There seems
to be two, one real and one pretended, and
this latter ia paraded in front with great clamor
and great ostentation in order to conceal from
the eye of the spectator the former, which
nevertheless irresistibly intrudes itself and
shows to all that if itwere out of the way as a
cause, these measures would have never dis-
graced these Halls even as bare propositions.
I will first examine this show reason with
which Senators are endeavoring to fright the
country, and upon which all the falsehood and
ingenuity of radicalism has been busily en-
gaged for the last nine months. It is that loyal
union men in those States are not secure in
their lives and property, but are butchered by
wholesale in great numbers with as little con- i
cern as though they were dogs. And who,
pray, are these loyal Union men who thus |
suffer? Listen, and be instructed. They are
negroes, whom it is alleged the southern peo-
ple kill and murder for pastime, just as a
naughty boy would kill flies. The Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] has in his
possession a little book for you to look upon,
in which there is catalogued all the enormities
done and .committed upon them with an exact-
itude worthy the most correct statist. He
can give you the exact dimensions of crime in
the southern States; can tell you how high it
soars, how deep it dives, its superficial meas-
ure, or its cubic quantity to a hair's breadth ;
do anything in the world except to satisfy you
that the whole is not cooked up and exagger-
ated expressly for the occasion. Testified to
by nobody either, except agents of the Freed-
men's Bureau, cotton thieves, and other indi-
viduals of an equally interested stripe, who,
like the hair-worms, only wriggle in muddy
water. These fellows, male and female, have
found the woes of the negro such an easy and
profitable way to fame and consideration that,
like the dogs of Lazarus, they live by licking
his sores; and to hear and see them we would
think the world was exceedingly wicked, wholly
on account of the negro and for no other reason.
Now, I aver that all this is sheer fabrication
of the most flimsy character, and that not a
single negro has been killed in the South
because he was a Union man. If killed at all
he has been killed for some sufficient reason,
■which that is not. I suppose no one will pre-
tend that any respectable man, however much
opposed to the Union cause, would care to
comnjit murder upon a negro because the lat-
ter favored it. Emperors, kings, and Presi-
dents have been assassinated at times to get
rid of them in politics, but why any one would
go to so much trouble, to so little purpose in
the case of a negro, is beyond my comprehen-
sion. I am inclined, therefore, to think that
in the first place these killings, if done at all,
are not done by any but common offenders,
and that the causes are to be found anywhere
else than in the political sentiments of the
parties. Everybody knows the tribal antip-
athy existing between the lower sort of white
men and negroes, and no one expects that it
will not be the source of frequent brawls and
quarrels, especially since the blacks have now
no masters either to advise or protect them.
In these conflicts the weaker will go to the
wall, not because he is loyal or disloyal, but
because he is inferior in every way to his
antagonists. And the false and foolish notion
of equality which you have lately put into the
head of the negro amounts only to a standing
invitation to every white man to break that
head as soon as it insults him.
These tales are too monstrous for belief,
have no foundation upon which to rest, and
the few cases which give rise to them would
no doubt show as usual that neither of the
parties was either wholly innocent or wholly
guilty. In nine cases out of ten they would
turn out mutual brawls, the consequence of
which is often the most fitting punishment for
those engaged in them. That they amount
t6 an adequate cause for such extraordinary
measures as those here proposed to reme'dy it
no sane man can believe.
These measures are intended for a very dif-
ferent purpose than that of providing for a
better administration of the civil and criminal
laws in the South. They are not intended to
make life and property more secure ; but they
are designed to overturn the State governments
there, to substitute in their stead an irrespon-
sible military despotism, and in the trouble
and confusion which will follow their authors
hope and expect that new governments may
be formed upon the basis of political equality
between the two different races which inhabit
there, and that there may be a chance when .
all is finished that the political power of tho
South may be either paralysed or transferred
to the radicals, and that in the mean time no
representatives from there are to he allowed
to enter either House of Congress or cast any
vote at the next presidential election.
That both the bills before us are well calcu-
lated to bring about such a result I have no
doubt the frame rs of them believe—some in the
one and some in the other, and perhaps nothing
but the actual experiment will undeceive them.
History seems to have lost its virtue in furnish-
ing lessons of warning and examples of mad-
ness. or one would think nobody at this day
could look for any but the worst results from
schemes like these.
In the first place the States are to be
abolished, their governments to be destroyed,
a great number of their leading people to be
put under a perpetual ban of exclusion from
political rights, and their recently emancipated
slaves to enjoy them in their stead. One bill
establishes a military government for them,
pure and simple, till this is brought about, and
the other a kind of mongrel tyranny of Gover-
nor and Council appointed by Federal author-
ity, whose decrees are to be executed by a
Federal soldiery if need be. Either plan treats
the people as a conquered people, and at one
fell swoop deprives them of all their dearest
rights as American citizens, and denies to all,
guilty and innocent, the right of trial by law.
We are told, as I have already remarked, that
some measures of this kind are called for and
necessary to protect the negroes from the out-
rages continually committed upon them by the
whites. Suppose I admit the story of these
outrages is true, then let me try and show if I
can what will be the effect of the proposed
remedy.
I suppose if the whites kill the negroes now,
they do so because they hate them. Will they
love them any better when they find you have
come to their rescue in such a terrible fashion?
Will it incline their hearts tenderly toward
the negro when they find in addition to the
old grudge he is now the cause of the loss of
their States as members of the Union—the
loss of their State governments—that he has
deposed their Governors, dispersed their Legis-
latures, shut up their courts, and put their
magistracy out of commission? Nay, more;
will they not visit upon hmi as far as they are
able that vengeance which under other cir-
cumstances they would reserve for you ? And
what kind of fraternal brotherhood will exist
between these two races after this fearful drama
has been enacted for some years; and after
you have consummated the indignities which
mark it by conferring suffrage on the negro
and taking it away from large numbers of the
white men ?
It seems to me that it would not be possible
to invent any kind of scheme so well calculated
to sow dissensions among neighbors as this, or
one more dangerous to the peace and security
of the weaker of the two parties, which in this
case is the one you profess a desire to protect.
Such an entire change in all the political rela-
tions of a free people as these new laws will work
will create such a feeling of desperation, and
furnish such ample apologies for even the most
violent and bloody attempts to avenge the wrong
it inflicts, that the number of those willing to
adventure themselves for such a purpose would
unquestionably be much increased. That crime
upon which the community now looks with
horror would then be perhaps considered mer-
itorious; at any rate, the enormity of it would
be lessened so much as not to interpose a very
effectual barrier to its commission. During
the late war it is well known that killing on the
