1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
39th Coxg....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Cowan.
Senate.
borders by partisans was not looked upon as
murder; though certainly it was not honorable
war in those who began it, still it became
equally laudable as matter of necessity. I may
be told, however, that the military rule hero
proposed will be the very best to prevent and
keep down the tendency to such outrages.
Let us see.
The territory you propose to occupy and gov-
ern has an area of about six hundred thousand
square miles—equal to a dozen of Irelands, five
Polands, sixty Candias, and one hundred La
Vendres. This immense tract is not simply to
be overrun by our armies; it is to be held by a
military occupation, which is a very different
thing. This, to be effective to carry out the
objects of the bill, must be all-pervading, must
be everywhere, in every city, town, hamlet, and
neighborhood ; wherever there is a loyal Union
man to be protected, either in person or prop-
erty, there must your military be also.
This country, too, is full of great forests,
dense thickets, impassable swamps, tangled
everglades, is divided by a chain of high
mountains, and drained by immense rivers.
It affords every facility to a desperate popula-
tion to carry on clandestine war, parts of it as
inaccessible and wild as the Highlands of Scot-
land or the rocks and crags which Schamyl so
long defended against the .Russians. We our-
selves may well remember what it cost us some
years ago to subdue a few naked Indians in the
swamps and everglades of Florida; and we
know, too, how another part of it furnished
shelter in the days of the old Revolution to
such heroes as Marion, Hugur, and others,
while struggling with attempted British mili-
tary occupation. This vast extent of defensi-
ble ground is inhabited by six million white
people of unquestioned courage, spirit, and
capacity, of such force, energy, and resolution
that it took the nation long years of terrible
war to put them down when they rebelled
against us; this, too, in open war, with im-
mense armies in the field, when we only tried
to seize and hold a few strategic points. Such,
Mr. President, is the people we sit here to-
night to legislate into political slavery by
means of a military despotism.
What Are our means by which to carry out
this gigantic undertaking? If we say we can
put sixty thousand armed men to this work we
shall have done well, but will that number
suffice? That will put one soldier on every
ten square miles, or ten soldiers on every ten
miles square—a plot equal to the old District of
Columbia—and it will not man it any stronger.
But, again, we must remember that at many
points, such as large cities, it will require con-
siderable bodies of men, rising perhaps to thou-
sands in a few cases, and this will materially
diminish the force for the country.
Now, these sixty thousand must stand face
to face with half a million of able-bodied fight-
ing men, veterans of the rebellion, and in this
duty of military occupation they will not enjoy
the advantage of superior arms, higher disci-
pline, &c., which give such power to concen-
trated armies ; they will be scattered all over
the country to watch over the rights of person
and property among the freedmen.
How will our soldiers perform the duties
devolving upon them by this act? They are
not very tond of the freedman now as it is, and
being white men themselves, and among white
men of their own race—indeed, it may be said
among their relations, for many of them will
find relations there; they will in almost every
ease find people of the same name as them-
selves, or of their mothers or wives—how will
they like this service? Especially after they
have been stationed at one place long enough
to fraternize with the people (the white people,
mark) and to hob-nob a few times with the
rebel soldiers whom they are sure to meet, I
should think they would not be a very effect-
ive police to protect the blacks; indeed, it is
possible many of their olficers might be of their
way of thinking. So that whether we specu-
late upon the conduct of the people toward our
soldiers as hostile or peaceful the prospect is
not flattering; if hostile, we are not strong
enough; if peaceful, there will not be much
done to carry out the purpose proclaimed as
the reason of the measure.
I have alluded to the moral effect it might
have upon the southern people if they were to
resent, as they would do most likely by resort-
ing to every mode of annoyance short of actual
war. It would give their wicked and desper-
ate men a chance to exert themselves and ply
their trade of death in a popular cause. The
weapons of murder and assassination would
then be consecrated to liberty ; crimes will be-
come virtues ; every sword that gleams will be
that of Wallace, and every arrow that whistles
through the jacket of a brigadier will remind
us of Tell; nor will the Gesslers and Hazle-
riggs of to-day have any more of the world's
sympathy than in the olden time.
There is another view of this project which
it might be well to consider. You offer to the
southern people military government on the
one hand, and a negro government at the same
time on the other, cutting off all hope on the
part of a great number of the best of them that
you will ever allow them to enjoy their polit-
ical rights. From these you surely have nothing
to expect; you ostracise them and you arm
them ; they are your enemies henceforth and
forever. They may deceive you in all your cal-
culations and bring to a very different result
the plansyou are now devising to enslave them.
But in this terrible alternative which you pre-
sent to the rest of the southern people you
may work your own and the country's ruin in
another way. They may take yon at your word,
inayreceiveyourgeneral and his soldiery kindly,
may use them to keep in subjection your negro
friends, and finally, as you have taken away all
hope from them of political liberty, they may
proffer the empire to your Army and its chief-
tain as a reward for his justice and clemency
while governing them as your prastor. Why
not? Those whom you still persistently con-
tinue to treat as conquered victims on the one
hand and as unhanged traitors on the other,
entitled to no protection as citizens and no
quarter as belligerents, may prefer to establish
a monarchy rather than to wait for a republic
till you come to your senses. The crown will
be the glittering prize to tempt the leader, a
title and largo grants of land to his captains
will make an aristocracy to flank him, and the
soldiery can be paid in the same way on a
smaller scale. They dan furnish him of the
rank and file of the veterans of the rebellion as
many as he wants, and his first care will be to
see, as Caesar did, as Cromwell did, as the Bona-
partes did, that no such stupid, clumsy, and
corrupt bodies as Senates or Parliaments will
stand in the way of success. He will know
how to purge bodies of that kind as well as you
do, he can keep out his opponents and force in
his friends upon your p-ecedents as well as
those of Cromwell and Bonaparte if he thinks
it proper to delude with the pretense of a Con-
gress at all, or he may dissolve you with equal
propriety. When the dukes of Virginia, North
Carolina, &c., come here into your House of
Lords, they will not halt their legions and take
your test oath ; they will offer their credentials
with a mailed hand, and you will be glad to
receive them—to sit in good company. There
are precedents for this, too, if we looked them
up.
The people of the North, too, weary of the
eternal struggle and turmoil of continued par-
tisan strife, in which knavery, quackery, and
demagognism are always successful, oppressed
with the burden of enormous taxes and excises,
with the whole of their ancient polity, State
and Federal, torn to pieces, may look about
them and come to the conclusion that the tyr-
anny of a corrupt and vengeful majority is
more terrible and all-pervading than that of a i
single despot; and what is worse still, a good
deal more expensive. Powerful minorities
may seek protection from the new Ciesar, and
with the aid of his bayonets turn the tables on
! their oppressors.
It were well, too, if every legislative body
would remember that the moment it begins to
encroach either upon the Executive or the ju-
diciary, and assume power and authority not
properly belonging to it, that moment it begins
to insure its own destruction. This is just as
true as that so long as it stands up stoutly for
its just rights and privileges it will be the most
popular and powerful of the several branches
of the Government. Having no actual power
in itself to execute its decrees, itisof necessity
obliged to employ some outside agency for this
purpose, namely, the military, which in its
turn becomes its most dangerous enemy. I
believe there is no instance in history where
an usurping Legislature has not been destroyed
by the very force it had invoked for the de-
struction of its coordinate departments. This
was notably the case of the Long Parliament
of England, which was forcibly dissolved by
the Lord General Cromwell in 1653; a power
of its own creation, and one it had found very
useful in fighting its battles, but like the horse
in the fable who took the man on his back to
aid in driving the stag from the pasture, they
had put a rider in the saddle who refused to
dismount when the work was done. So, too,
in the French Revolution, whenever the Legis-
lature overstepped its proper bounds it was
obliged to obey the dictation of the clubs,
the committees, and the Directory, until at
length on the 18th Brumaire it was finally
dissolved and driven out by Bonaparte, the
Cromwell of the present century; not the only
one, indeed, that has been or is likely to be
from present indications. In fact, it cannot
well be disputed but that to-day the United
States are just as much in a state of revolution
as was England in 1648 or France in 1791.
We have not only all the ordinary symptoms,
but we observe such a wonderful parallelism
running all though these great national com-
motions that it seems to be possible to reduce
them to general fixed laws even more readily
than every-day social phenomena can be.
It is a distinguishing feature of all revolu-
tions that at the outstart the first demands for
change are right in themselves, and in the
great majority of cases they consist in asking
that ancient constitutions and laws may be' re-
stored, that the gradual and almost impercept-
ible encroachments made upon them during
ages shall be disavowed and given up by the
usurpers, whoever they may be. Thus the
English patriots, led by Hampden, Ryan, and
Holies, only required of Charles I to con-
form his administration of the kingdom ac-
cording to the undoubted principles of the
English constitution, settled hundreds of years
before by the great charter, and confirmed in
that interval thirty several times. They would
have been perfectly satisfied had the King given
up his claim to levy taxes without the consent
of Parliament, to imprison'arbitrarily, to try by
military commissions according to martial law,
to make forced loans, and to billet his soldiers
in houses without consent of the owner. So,
too, were Mirabeau, La Fayette, and Bailley
willing to stop with the constitution of 1791, if
the King had in good faith obeyed it; and so.
too, in our case the Republicans proper would
have been perfectly satisfied to have left the
question of slavery in the Territories with C.in-
gress, as it had been left for seventy years.
A second feature to be noticed in revolution 5
is that as soon as the patriots have done, then
the reformer, or rather iunovator, makes his ap-
pearance, demanding not to secure that which
has been approved good, but to experiment in
order to find something better. The English
had hardly made successful efforts to compel
Charles again to confirm Magna Charta when
the Scotch reformers developed themselves in
