158
APPENDIX TO THE CONGPiESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 16,
Senatb.
Becon struction—Mr. Coioan.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
not right yet; and we have treated them as
traitors and criminals in chronic rebellion;
their industry still languishes, and their poverty
remains unimproved." '
Well, it seems, then, that you ought to have
given us something for the sacrifice of blood
and treasure we made during the war; and as
you admit you have a violated Constitution
and a broken Union, now pray tell us what you
have done and what, you have given us instead
of these? "We have passed a reconstruction
bill which subjects the southern States to mil-
itary rule, and which will keep them in order
until the few white friends we have down there,
in conjunction with the freedmen, can have an
opportunity to meet in convention and estab-
lish republican forms of government, which
being entfrely under our control, we can then
restore the "Union without endangering our ^
party supremacy."
You offer them these, your alternative: negro
suffrage or military despotism. That is the
harvest of the war as gathered in by your.sickle.
These are the fruits of the great contest as
brought home in your baskets. Negro suf-
frage or military despotism. Think of it. Oh,
my countrymen, is it true that it has come to
this: the rule of the servile barbarian, or the
rule of the bayonet. How dare you go home
to your war-worn soldiers and crippled veter-
ans who fought your battles and tell of this
most foul consummation? How dare you, in
the face of the civilized world, announce this
as the result of the great experiment? Thus
far you have gone as a Congress; thus far did
the Long Parliament go; thus far did the
French Convention go; one of them had a
Charles, the other had a Louis, you have a
President; one of them had a Lord General,
the other had a First Consul; what will yon call
your master when he comes?
At a subsequent period of the debate (between
three and four o'clock on Sunday morning, February
m-
Mr. COWAN. The only thing I wanted to
Bay was this: after we had possession of a
rebel State there was a question whether its
government was annihilated by the rebellion
or not. One said it was, another said it was
not. I was of the opinion at the time, and I
am of the opinion now, that General Sherman
was right when he decided such governments
still existing; but there was such a tremendous
ado made about it that the Government de-
cided otherwise, and I do not complain. But I
would not have disturbed the government of
one of the rebel States. If there had been a
rebel Governor, a rebel legislator, or a rebel
judge, I would have either let him alone or I
would have indicted him for treason. In the
latter case I would have arrested him and tried
and punished him if he was guilty. Owing,
however, to popular clamor and the course
taken previously in the case of Louisiana, it
was resolved to have new cpnstitutions made
and new governments organized in all the
States where the rebellion had been, the same
as though the old had been abrogated. This
gave rise to the vexed question of reconstruc-
tion, of which so much has been said to such
little purpose.
Now, pray, what had the President to do
with reconstruction except as Coramander-in;
Chief of the Army? All he could do was to
keep order in the meanwhile, and in doing this
he was bound by no laws except those which
bind the General to preserve the peace till the
civil governments could take the matter off his
hands. Nor had Congress anything to do
■ with it, except in so far as to provide the
means, such as men and money, to enable the
General to do his duty.
Neither the President nor "Congress have the
slightest power or authority to interfere in the
making of State constitutions or State govern-
ments, except that both are expressly bound
by one of the guarantees of the Federal Con-
stitution that they will allow nobody else to
interfere. The States themselves must, be
allowed to perform that duty for themselves,
free from outside force or outside dictation;
and when they thus act of themselves freely,
the constitution and governments they make
will of necessity be republican in form; no
matter what may be thought of them by people
who do not live in the State and who cannot
in any way be affected by them.
I do not know what people believe now, or
what kind of notions they have about our Gov-
ernment; but at the time the question was
started everybody believed that it' a State was
to have a government at all, that government
must be made by the people of such State and
by nobody else. Then came the difficulty. Who
are the people ? And what does the term in-
clude, and in what sense is it to be taken? Is
it people in the popular sense ; men, women,
children, black people, white people, every-
body ? Or was it to be taken in its limited
political sense, as when you submit a question
to " the people," you submit it to the people
who are entitled to vote? That is all clear;
but another difficulty still followed. How are
we " to tell" who are entitled to vote? The
people designated by the law of the State is the
only answer possible. The President is sworn
to see that the laws are executed. What laws?
The laws that he finds made, not the laws that
somebody thinks ought to be made. He must
take the laws as they exist. Then the Presi-
dent of the United States, Mr. Lincoln, in the
first place, went to the laws of the State to
ascertain who were the people entitled to vote,
and he intrusted them with the making of the
State governments. When the present Presi-
dent came into power he followed that exam-
ple, and he intrusted the making of their State
governments to the people of the States; that
is the people who were entitled to vote by the
laws of the several States. Who could com-
plain of that ?
I heard the other day, and I have frequently
heard gentlemen make a great to do that both
the Presidents in doing what I have just men-
tioned had usurped legislative powers ; that
they had authorized people to make govern-
ments, and so on. I deny it. In all this there
is not assumed any legislative power whatever,
but the very reverse, as it cannot be usurpa-
tion of law-making power to defer to laws
already made. Now, when Mr. Lincoln and
Mr. Johnson permitted the people of the several
States to make governments for themselves
they merely permitted what was lawful, but
made no new law. And again, when the
present President sent down to the people of
the southern States and said: "You had bet-
ter do this and you had better do that," that
was not usurping legislative authority; that
was not making law, it had no resemblance to
making law; and any lawyer ought to know
that it had not. Counsel is one thing and law
is another ; law must be obeyed, but counsel is
advice which you may follow or not. Nor did
the recommendations of the President bind
the southern people. They w>re not bound
on that account to repeal their secession ordi-
nances, or to repudiate their rebel debts, or
to do this, that, and the other thing.
The President of the United States cannot
make law; could not if he were to try; and
even if we grant he had no right to give advice
or impose conditions, still it does not lie in
your mouths to complain if the advice was
good and the people took it. It is no business
of yours if the conditions were wholesome and
accepted by those to whom they were tendered.
The southern people do not complain. Why
should you ? Is not your carping at this mere
hypocrisy? And would you not have raised a
much greater clamor if the President had not
taken the course he did. The truth is that
you who now profess to be shocked at this
pretended usurpation were only sorry at the
time that it had not been far greater. If Mr.
Lincoln had let the negroes vote in violation
of-all State laws, or if Mr. Johnson had re-
fused to let any white man vote in the South,
you would have thrown up your caps and
shouted your applause. Again, if you were
allowed here in Congress to carry out the
most stupendous of all usurpations, that is,
the making of constitutions for the States and
compelling these people to adopt them, then
you would, in the same spirit of canting
hypocrisy, proclaim to the world that yeu
were guarantying to them republican forms of
government, while you let alone your own
States having the some provisions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Did he not make a law
in prescribing qualifications for the probate
judge of Mobile?
Mr. COWAN. I do not know anything about
that. That was not the question. Why do
you not charge him with that? That is in your
programme, not ours. If he refused to allow
Semmes to be probate judge have you a right
to complain of that?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Did you not say he did
not make the law?
Mr. COWAN. I say in this particular case
he did not. I say it now, and I say it all the
time. There was no law about it. If he did
radical things against the law you can attend
to that. That is your business, not ours. In
this business of reorganizing State governments,
who was to make the State governments?
Why, the people of the State, as 1 said. Who
are the people of the State? The people of
the State are designated by the law ; and I say
that if the President erred at all, he erred on
your side. He restrained, he limited the peo-
ple who were to make the governments. He
required a new oath of allegiance.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Was not that making
laws"?
Mr. COWAN. Not at all, because nobody
was bound to take the oath of allegiance. I
wish the chairman of the Judiciary Committee
of the Senate to know that when the law speaks
it speaks to command, and it commands where
it can compel obedience. Let the honorable
chairman read the first chapter of Blackstone.
Let him understand the difference between law
and counsel or advice, particularly when the
fate of an empire may depend upon the_ con-
struction that he puts upon it. 1 say it is ab-
surd and ridiculous to talk about the President
of the United States making law or making
anything that anybody is bound to obey as
such.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Pennsylvania answer me this question 
Mr. CO WAN. Any question you choose to
put.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Did not the President
appoint a man provisional governor ? Is there
any law under Heaven for it ? Did he not pay
him a salary? Is there any law under Heaven
for it, civil or military? Did he not say that
certain persons should not take part, and did
he not compel 
Mr. COWAN. I want to know whether you
quarrel with him for that?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is not the ques-
tion.
Mr. COWAN. Yes, sir; it is the very ques-
tion. I agree that the President did a great
many things that I was not in favor of, but they
were done under your influence, under your
auspices ; you encouraged them, and you cried
Io iriumphe, io triumphe; and now you ask
me to explain them. I am not here to explain
any of those things. Attend to your own side
of the question. You have got enough to do
there.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania asserted that the President had usurped
no authority ; and when I ask him a question,
if there was any authority for an act done,
what does he say? " Oh, that was your busi-
ness ; you may find fault with him for that.
That is the answer he gives.
