1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Cowan.
Senate.
Mr. COWAN. I consider it the height of
audacity—I do not put the Irish phrase exactly
—to ask me whether that is usurpation or not;
that any individual in the United States Senate
who is in favor of a bill creating a military des-
potism all over the southern States should ask
me, when I am in favor of that action of the
President, which has been perfectly lawful,
which has been perfectly free from any objec-
tion whatever, to explain this abnormal, ec-
centric action of the Executive. What right
has a Radical to askaboutthe appointment of
a provisional governor of a State whfen he pro-
poses to destroy the free government of the
States and establish a military despotism in
their stead? I might ask his question, and I
might get up a very handsome quarrel with the
Executive upon that subject; but I do not
know by what right gentlemen here, who take
these excessive grounds, and who encouraged
all these things and insisted that there were
not half enough of them, come around now
and say that this is an offense. Here is a
Radical who wants military commissions and
says the Supreme Court ought to be abolished
because they have declared them unconstitu-
tional. He comes to me and says, "Why, the
present President authorized them to a certain
extent." What have I got to do with that?
That is your side of the question. And I have
only to say to the honorable chairman of the
Judiciary as to all these things that is his
side of the question; not, indeed, as to military
commissions, because I give him great credit
for his opinions and his arguments and his
efforts upon that question. We were together
upon it; and I trust I shall never fail to award
to all men their deserts in any particular de-
partment, no matter how much tliey may be
lacking in others.
If I had been the President I am very free
to say I would not have appointed provis-
ional governors, although I heard no cry come
up from the true and genuine radical patriot,
the fellow who had the real ring, and nobody
else had the ring, at the time when it was done.
1 do not believe we would have heard anything
about it if the President had followed in the
lead steadily and consistently in which it was
supposed he started out. It was supposed that
the assassination of Mr. Lincoln was a God-
send, and that instead of having a King Log
who would not hurt anybody and would allow
everybody to set up and croak ad libitum., you
had got a King Stork to devour the southern
people wholesale. If President Johnson had
gone on playing Stork, if he had really usurped,
if he had really made laws, and really enforced
them by executive power, he would have won
your approbation and received your homage,
and he only incurred your displeasure when he
refused to break his oath of office and sanction
the most monstrous and palpable violations of
the Constitution. It is not that he has done
that you complain of, but that-he has not done
enough of it that you quarrel with him.
I am sorry, Mr. President, that this digres-
sion has drawn me away from the point which
first attracted my attention, and that was that
th  honorable Senator from Ohio says these
are not governments; that they are mere
pretended governments ; that they have not
been submitted to the people, &c. Suppose
that is all true; suppose that the President
made a great mistake; suppose that Mr. Lin-
coln made a great mistake in regard to the
fovernment of Louisiana; and suppose that
Ir. Johnson made a great mistake with regard
to North Carolina as to who should make the
government; who complains of it? What is
wrong about the government? I doubt very
much whether the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wilson] could pick out wherein the con-
stitution of North Carolina differs from that
of Massachusetts ;• and I am very certain that
the honorable Senator from Illinois at this time
could hardly tell wherein the difference between
th# constitution of Louisiana and that of
Illinois consists. These constitutions that
the people have made are all right enough.
We have all read them. They are very good
constitutions, quite an improvement, evidently
a very great improvement upon American con-
stitutions made in the early part of our career,
if it be an improvement to make them more
and more liberal.
Now, when a constitution is made, and when
the people acquiesce in it, and when they are
living peaceably under it, and do not agitate
to be relieved fronj it in large numbers, why
not let it alone? Why should people living
under other constitutions and in other States
busy themselves to overturn these govern-
ments and institute new ones in their stead?
I do not know. That is the reason I ask the
question. Are not these good constitutions?
Are not the laws which are made under them
good laws? Do they not, if executed, protect
the people in their rights of person and prop-
erty? I agree they do not allow negroes to
vote, and they should not unless the people of
the State choose to grant them the privilege,
because that is a function which the people
must eventually exercise and which they will
exercise. It is essential to the very existence
of a free State that it shall determine itself
who shall wield its political power.
It is idle to say that a State can be free and
that somebody outside of it shall dictate who
shall cast its ballots. If that is the case, why
may not somebody outside dictate who shall
be its officers? Why not? Does not the ballot
select the officers? If you give me leave to
tell you who shall vote in your State, I will
tell you who shall be your officers. In olden
times, when liberty was understood and when
freedom was a thing to be prized and esteemed
as it ought to be, nobody dreamed that any
power dehors the State should say who should
vote ; and for one of the best reasons in the |
world. Why should I say who should enjoy |
the right of suffrage in Illinois ? Suppose I, a
citizen of Pennsylvania, should undertake to
dictate those who should vote in Illinois?
The stupidest man in the State would tell me,
"What have you to do with Illinois? The
Governor of llKnqis does not govern you ;
the Legislature of Illinois do not make laws
for you ; the courts of Illinois cannot draw you
into their jurisdiction ; what, then, have you
to do with Illinois?" I should like to know
how any Pennsylvanian would answer that
cjuestion. , And the fact that no one can inter-
fere except citizens of the State in its govern-
mental affairs constitutes the very essence of
its freedom.
Now, however, all things are changed, and
the Senator from Massachusetts, in the large,
all-embracingphilanthropy which distinguishes
him, thinks that Mississippi or Alabama, or
indeed any southern State, has no right to en-
joy this privilege of a free State. Why?
Why, says he, they will not let the negroes
vote. Think of it! What an outrage on the
part of Mississippi or Alabama! And he,
forsooth, has a right to reach in, dehors the
State from the outside, and regulate Alabama
and Mississippi; and if Alabama and Missis-
sippi do not be regulated he will make them
regulate. Now, if an Alabama man were
here, would he not have the right to say:
"My dear sir from Massachusetts, you are a
very clever fellow and I like you very well;
but would i.t not be just as well for vou to at-
tend to your own business and regulate Mas-
sachusetts, especially as the laws of Alabama
and the laws of Mississippi do not affect you
in the slightest degree?" I remember the time
when there was no answer to this.
As I said to-night before, if this is to be a
consolidated Government, if all State lines and
State distinctions are to be broken down, and
we are to have a consolidated Government^ a
centralized empire, why not say so ? I will
tell yon then what I think about it. I know a
great many arguments that go to sustain that
view as the proper one. But, sir, we went up
to your desk and we took an oath to observe
the Constitution. I do not profess to be a re-
markably religious man, but I do not like to
break my oath. I have that foolish kind of
superstition that a man ought to keep his oath.
Now, if the American people are willing to
consolidate and have a new constitution; if
they are willing to centralize all political power
in the Federal Government, I shall yield my-
self to their will as gracefully as anybody.; but
I do say that I cannot abandon the old till I
am liberated in some way from the obligation
they have imposed upon me to sustain it as it
is at present established.
Then, I ask again, what have we to do with
these southern State governments? Nothing
in the world. The State government is made
by the people of the State. If the State of New
York chooses to alter her constitution to-
morrow, what have Congress to do with that?
If the State of New York makes a constitution
which my brother Morgan thinks is not the
right one, and which does not give him the
rights, liberties, and privileges that he thinks
are his due, he does not appeal to Congress ;
his remedy is that he can come over to Penn-
sylvania, and he can perhaps have them there.
That is the only remedy that any of us have. I
cannot in Pennsylvania get a constitution made
there that exactly suits me. There are a great
many things that I want put in the constitution
that the people of Pennsylvania will not agree
to, just because they do not see it precisely aa
I do. If I thought these things were insuffer-
able, intolerable, not to be borne, I may go
over to New York or Ohio or any other State
in which I can be suited ; but I could not ex-
pect aid from any of the people of other States
to assist me in coercing Pennsylvania into a
new constitution just fitted to my case.
The Senator from Massachusetts thinks, on
the other hand, that we ought to supervise the
State constitutions in order to see that they
confer as many privileges on the negroes as
they grant to white people. That seems to
be his notion of what the United States ought
to do—indeed, what it was created to do—
but I have not heard him claim any such right
for us on behalf of the whites whom the States
disfranchise. He has not done it for foreigners
who have to wait five years; he has not done it
for women, for minors, or for the poor who
cannot pay the qualification tax, or indeed for
anybody but negroe3. Why should he do it
for them alone? His people whom he patron-
izes, and who are his clientela, and who fol-
low him as they did the old Roman in ancient
times, have the same power and remedy pre-
cisely that the classes named as disabled have.
If they do not like a particular State they can
go to some other one; but I do not know that
they have any right to insist that the whoje
State shall be remodeled in order to suit their
particular case; and I do not think they have
any right to ask ap outsider, who has nothing
to do with it in the world, and who is not to
be governed by these things, to come in and
help them to coerce a majority of their fellow-
citizens to make things to suit them.
Mr. President, this was all I had to say to
the honorable Senator from Ohio at the time
that I desired to interrupt him. I wanted to
know by what authority, by what warrant, he
undertakes to say that a State in this Union
has not the government that it ought to have 1
By what warrant does he undertake to say
that a southern State has not that government
any more than a northern State T I know he
would not dare to say that Pennsylvania had
not that government, or that Massachusetts
had not it, or that New York had not it. Then
by what warrant does he say that Mississippi
has not got it, that Alabama has not got it, or
that Louisiana has not got it ? By no war-
rant at all, exoept the warrant of the con-
queror, the warrant of the man who cuts him-
self loose from all constitutions, all laws, all
