160
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 16,
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Cowan.
Sexate.
obligations, and who proceeds by virtue of
sheer force only. What does sheer force
amount to? I believe William of Normandy
did whip Matilda, while he was courting her,
with a bridle—it is so reported by historians—
and a union resulted afterward'; but that is
the only union that I know of that resulted
from such a flogging as that was.
Now, Mr. President, our Union is either a
fact or it is a delusion ; it is either something
or it is nothing. If it be a fact, or a Union at
all, then it is a Union made of States. If it
is not such a Union, then it is only a name,
without any of the attributes of a real Union.
If it is of this last class of creation, what a
terrible pack of fools we have been. Think
of itl Have we beeu following such a will-o'-
the-wisp, an ignus fatuus, or a jack o'lantern?
Have we been carrying on a terrible war dur-
ing five years last past—hundreds of thousands
of men slain, thousands of millions expended—
for a mere phantom which exists only in con-
templation of law, but has no reality ? If the
Union is a reality, and we have been fighting,
struggling, and expending the national blood
and the national treasure for it as such, then
the States which make the Union are realities.
If that is not logical I must confess I do not
know what is. If they are not, then the Union
-is gone; the Union is a failure; and we were
fools to have relied on it. Then we should
have taken the advice of some politicians who
said to us at the outstart, " Do not make war;
war will not make a Union ; war will destroy
the Union; war will not heal the breach, it
will widen it; war will not bring people to- j
gether, it will separate them further apart." j
No, no. We said that opinion was semi-trea- i
sonable. And after we had made a war for j
about four years, these same deluded people,
who did not love the country of course, who
could not love it, who could not have the same
affection for it that we had, although they had !
in it wives and children and property as we 1
had, met at Chicago and ''resolved the war !
for the restoration of the Union had been a
a failure." What then? What did we do? !
All over the country, everywhere, we shouted
that this resolution was little better than trea-
son! We did not treat it very fairly I agree.
We pretended to say, in the first place, that
they meant that this was not a good or a just
war.
But they could-ojot have meant it was not a
war of great battles, with great glory and great
destruction of men and money. Surely not;
but as I said before 
_Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to correct my
friend in one particular. The Republicans
of the country have published it far and wide,
their newspapers have so published it, their
speakers have so published it,' thsft the plat-
form of the Democratic party at Chicago said
that the war had been a failure. I suggest to
' my honorable friend that it said no such thing.
It said this, and it said no roore: that the war
had failed to restore the Union. There is a
very great difference between the two expres-
sions.
Mr. COWAN. That is just what I was
coining to exactly. I say that is what they
did say exactly. I say they did not mean to
say that the war was a failure.,. The war was
a successful war. It killed great numbers of
people; and we had the greatest battles, and
more of them than in most wars. They were
not such fools as to assert that, although they
did say it failed to restore the Union. That
is what they meant to say. They said, although
it was a good war to cover the ground with
dead and trench the earth with new-made
graves, yet that it did not fulfill its purpose. I
aid not believe it at that time, and I was sorry
that they said so, because when the war began
I thought it would restore the Union if it was
well managed and in prudent hands. I had
no doubt of it; and even then I thought if we
had a (air chance it would still save the Union,
and therefore I did not like this Chicago
utterance by any means. But I had no ex-
pectation that the Radical party here to-day
would come and try to verify it. I never
dreamed of such a thing. I never dreamed
that I would have found Senators from Illinois
and Senators from elsewhere, from patriotic,
loyal States, coming here to prove that what
the Democrats said in that resolution was true.
I would have died first. I would have been
torn to pieces by red-hot pincers before I
would have done that, I would have said the
war is no failure ; and to prove my assertion
I would have restored the Union on the spot,
and made it a monument worthy of the struggle
made to save it. But we had a parcel of timid
people, who are afraidof twenty Senators here
and fifty Representatives in the other House
from the South, and they would not restore
the Union. They were afraid "some dev'lish
cantraip slight" might occur by which they
would not get into office again; that their
chances were better with it broken and dis-
rupted than if it were to exist again in,its
old integrity.
Sir, 1 would have restored the Union at
once. I would have done it if it had been for
no other purpose than to show these fellows
at Chicago that they did not know anything
about it. And, Mr. President, to be serious
about this subject, that was all along in my
mind. I wanted to show, not only to those
who doubted, but to the world, that the Amer-
ican people, democratic as they were, popular
Government as theirs was, could put down a
rebellion, rescue a people who were involved
in it, and restore their Union. I wished to
show to the world a Government intact, repro-
duced in this way out of the fiery flames of
war. I would have done it if 1 had had my
way, and I would not have been here to-day,
as my Radical friends are, to indorse the Chi-
cago convention. I would not have been here
to-day to fulfill the prophecies of my Dem-
ocratic opponents, which they made in 1864.
I would have been ashamed of it.
And yet that is the position in which we are
now placed. That is the position in which
this bill places us. We admit by it that popu-
lar government is gone, gone over ten States ;
the Union is gone over ten States; the Con-
stitution is gone, liberty is gone ; everything
for which men have struggled and toiled and
bled and fought and pleaded for centuries upon
centuries, Magna Charta, the petition of right,
the bill of right, the writ of habeas corpus,
everything is swept away. What for? To
verify a resolution of the Democratic Chicago
platform of 1864. If you had any respect for
wise men, for prophetic men, for men of clear
vision and insight into the future, you would
call that convention to take the Government
off your hands and conduct it. Why not? How
did they discover this great fact that we did
not discover? How did they foresee that if it
was not a failure then, in 1864, we would make
it one hereafter, in 1867?
Mr. President, there is but one safe course
for this Congress and this people, aud that is
to stand upon the Constitution as it now exists
and the laws made in pursuance of it, and the
construction which the Supreme Court may
put upon them. It may grate upon the feel-
ings of some as the operation of all Govern-
ments must grate more or less, but that will
be the wisest and the best course for the Amer-
ican people. Whenever they abandon that
they are at sea. Cut loose from it and where
are you ? Rhode Island refused to accede to
the Constitution of the United States for two
years after it was enacted, and so did North
Carolina. Was force used to bring them in ?
What hold had you on Rhode Island or North
Carolina ? What hold have you now on North
Carolina ? The hold you pretend to have is
the hold of military despotism; because you
can, you will, not because you have a right.
How long will that hold remain? It will
remain this session of Congress, and perhaps
the next, and perhaps the next after that; but
everybody knows the law by which these holds
are retained. You hold these States just as
long as you can and no longer. Is there any
Senator to-night who supposes we can hold
these southern States, if we undertake to gov-
ern them by military rule, any longer than we
can maintain that rule ? I think not. I never
heard anybody pretend there was any other
guide, any other law of it than that: "just as
long as you can and no longer.''
Mr. President, I have no words, I have no
heart to express what I think of this bill. I
had hoped all the time, and hoped even against
hope, that this cup of humiliation would have
I passed from us, that returning sense, returning
| reason, returning humanity, Christianity, any-
| thing that is good and great and generous
and noble, would have come to our rescue
before this had come to pass. Do gentlemen
suppose this is_ demanded on "the part of the
people? I can say to them that in a journey
of three or four hundred miles in the country
in the last four or five days I did not meet a
man who did not hoot at the idea of this bill
being passed, no matter to what party he be-
longed. That we, the descendants of revolu-
tionary sires, we who had prided ourselves
upon our Government, upon our institutions ;
we who had held ourselves up as a model for
other nations, should in the short space of six
years so far forget everything that had hereto-
fore been deemed sacred, true, wise, and salu-
tary in polities, as to attempt the establishment
of a military despotism over any part of the
American people I And particularly is it as-
tonishing that this should be done in the light
of such recent lessons of history. We our-
selves are monuments to-day of the destructive
character of sucha policy. You have listened
to speeches on this floor to-day deprecating it.
Go to the debates of the British Parliament,
and read Fox, Pitt, and Burke on that same
subject, in that same strain, wherein they
begged the English Government not to treat
the Colonies in the way they were doing, and
they did not pretend to treat them as this bill
would treat the South. What was the conse-
quence ? The consequence was that they lost
the Colonies; the brightest jewels in the Crown
were torn from it by our forefathers, and this
once great and glorious fabric established.
Is it not strange that in so short a time we
should have forgotten all for which we strug-
gled? What was the struggle for? No man
is such a fool as to suppose that there ought
not to be some good reason why New York
wants a Union. Has New York any natural
rigbt to govern the people of Virginia? I do
not think Pennsylvania claims any such right.
We did not make this war because we insisted
that we had a right to govern the southern
people. Instead of making it for that purpose
we proclaimed-always to the world that all
peoples had a right to govern themselves, that
we governed ourselves upon that principle;
and after the war commenced we declared that
it was not to conquer the people. What, then,
did we make war for? We made it for the
Union. And I have sometimes been aston-
ished to find after all the talk of Union how
little the Union is understood. Because Rus-
sia governs Poland that is not a union. Be-
cause England governs Ireland that is not a
union, except so far as it is voluntary on the
part of Ireland. We prized the Union because
the Union did certain things for us that we
could not do very well as States. We did not
want thirty-six different post office establish-
ments, and therefore" we agreed to give the
General Government the right to have one Post
Office establishment all over the Union. See
how convenient it is I If we had thirty-six of
them there would be a terrible time in getting
a letter through eight or ten different States to
go to eigKt or ten different post office depart-
mente to be checked and stamped, 4c.
