1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
161
o!)th Cong....2d Sess.
Iteconst ruction—Mr. Miller.
IIo. of Reps.
Again, it was a great convenience to the
people of this country to have uniform laws
of bankruptcy. We have had that matter up.
We established a Union for that purpose, so
that what was a discharge in one State would
be a discharge in another State.
But the great and paramount object of the
Union, the one for which it was made and the
one which, if you take away, Pennsylvania does
not want a Union and New York does not
want it. was that we might be strong from the
Union; that instead of each State having an
army and a navy of its own, there might be one
Army and one Navy for all; that instead of
settling their disputes by the arbitrament of the
sword, they might be settled in the Federal
courts and through the medium of the Federal
Government. If it was not for that we should
not have made war for the Union. If any man
could have assured the Senate and House of
Representatives in 1861 that there was no
strength in the Union, that there was no con-
venience in the Union, we should not have
gone to war. I would uot give you anything to
live under the same Government with a man
in Florida if I was not to be tlie stronger for it
or to save expense by it.
Now, for the corollary: I ask you, I ask all
Senators, what will be the effect of this bill
upon the strength of the Union? Is any man
so mad as to believe that a Union will be
strengthened by making one third of the peo-
ple bitterly hostile and antagonistic to the re-
mainder? If these ten States were put under
military despotism by us, of course they will be
hostile and inimical to us; and if we should i
come in contact with a foreign Power under |
such circumstances, they will diminish our j
power just in proportion to their weight in the i
scale in comparison with us. Instead of making I
the Union strong, a military despotism will j
make it weak. If we have twenty million !
inhabitants and these ten States have ten mil-
lions, and we hold them by a military despotism,
then we have ten millions of our force check-
mated by them in the event of a quarrel with a
foreign Power. It would have been better if
we had let them go entirely, as in that event
we would had the force it takes to hold them
free to be used in our defense when needed.
Hence I venture the assertion that we lose
every advantage which we derive fro in the
establishment of the Constitution of the United
States of America, and which we have been in
the habit, of expressing by the single term
"Union," the instant this bill becomes a law
and is carried into effect.
Then, Mr. President, what is the difficulty
about restoring the Union? What is the diffi-
culty of restoring it just as it was, and accord-
ing to its original frame ? The most that any
human being can make of it, any unprejudiced
individual, is this: that there will be twenty
Senators coming into this Chamber from the
South. Surely gentlemen are not afraid of
them because they have been what they call
rebels. At least I see people that were in the
rebellion, and in it pretty strongly, circulating
around among gentlemen here without any
apprehension seemingly on their part; and I
should think that if they had any apprehension,
there is a remedy, but not such a one as they
prefer. Bat suppose twenty southern .Senators
should come in here, what then ? That would
not change the Radical majority; they would
have a majority still, and a good working ma-
jority, and I would say a far safer majority,
a hundred times over, for a party, than the
majority it has now; but you could not pass
bills over the veto. Suppose you could not,
what of it? That would be but a healthy,
normal working of your institutions. Obstruc-
tions, and among them the veto, have been
put up as barriers to prevent people, when
they get crazy, from doing such extraordinary
mad things as we saw done by these revolu-
tionists.
Suppose you could not pass a law at all, have
39tii Cong. 2d Sess.—11.
you not enough ? We got along very well with
what we had up to 1800 or 1801; and I think
wisdom would have dictated that no new law
should have been put upon the statute-book
which excites these angry discussions, and
which arouse these feelings of partisanship to
such an extent as to endanger the very Gov-
ernment itself. Hence, when these difficulties
occur, is it not of the greatest importance, of
the most vital moment, that some hand shall
stay faction till the time for tlie sober sec-
ond thought of the people comes? You are
not afraid that by the addition of twenty men
to the minority here you would be beaten, that
they would do any mischief. You do not fear
that; you cannot fear it. All this hue and cry
about restoring them to the rule of the country
is mere badinage to catch the partisan ear of
the stupid, who will not look farther in to see
whether it be true or not. Twenty Senators
here might keep you from doing mischief; but
twenty additional Senators here could not do
mischief if you were true to your duty. Fifty
members more in the other House might keep
that House from doing mischief, in conjunction
with the President; but they could not do mis-
chief, and they could not, even joining them-
selves with the Democrats, be able to do any
conceivable mischief. And yet you will not
allow these States to be represented. Why not?
You would take from men the highest and
holiest of their rights, whether guilty or inno-
cent, and say no matter. Sir, even the hand
of the barbarian was stayed by, " Strike, but
hear." You strike, but you will-not hear.
Reconstruction.
SPEECH OF HON. G. F. MILLER,
of pennsylvania,
In the House of Representatives,
February 13, 1867,
On the hill (H. R. No. 1143) to provide for the more
^ficient government of the insurrectionary States.
Mr. MILLER. Mr. Speaker, the bill under
consideration is one of grave importance and'
has been attacked with great severity. It con-
tains five sections. The first divides the ten late
insurrectionary States, to wit, Virginia,_ North
Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Mississippi,
Alabama, Louisiana, Florida, Texas, and Ar-
kansas, into five military districts, to be subject
to military authority—Virginia to constitute the
first, North and South Carolina the second, Geor-
gia, Alabama, and Florida the third, Mississippi
and Arkansas the fourth, and Louisiana and
Texas the fifth district. ' The second section
designates what officers shall be assigned to the
command of the districts. The third section
provides:
That it shall be the duty oi each officer assigned as
aforesaid to protect all persons in the rights oi person
and property, to suppress insurrection, disorder, and
violence, and to punish, or cause to be punished, all
disturbers of the public peace and criminals, and to
this end he may allow loeal civil tribunals to take
jurisdiction of and to try offenders, or when in his
judgment it may be necessary for the trial of offend-
ers, he shall have power to organize military com-
missions or tribunals for that purpose, anything in
the constitution and laws of the so-called States to
the contrary notwithstanding; and all legislative or
judicial proceedings, or process to prevent or control
the proceedings of said military tribunals, and all
interference by said pretended State governments
with the exercise of military authority under this act,
shall be void and of no effect.
The fourth section provides when and in
what manner writs of habeas corpus may issue,
and the fifth and last section provides—
That no sentence of any military commission or
tribunal hereby authorized, affecting the life or lib-
erty of any person, shall be executed until it is ap-
proved by the officer in command of the district, and
laws and regulations for the government of the Army
shall not be affected by this act, except so tar as they
conflict with its provisions.
The main argument urged against the pas-
sage of this bill is that the proposed law is un-
constitutional—-that the said ten late rebellious
States have organized governments, and there-
fore no power exists in Congress to extend over
them martial law to take the place of the civil
law. I admit, Mr. Speaker, that this extraor-
dinary power should only be exercised in ex-
treme cases. It is, however, a universal rule
among all civilized nations that, when the civil
law is not strong enough to afford ample pro-
tection, the more powerful, to wit, that of
martial, must be resorted to, and it is evident
that these ten States present a case demanding
such extreme measures. The civil govern-
ments of which we hear so much were not
established by the action of Congress, but under
the auspices of Andrew Johnson, the present
Executive, without any authority delegated to
him for that purpose. These pretended gov-
ernments do not afford adequate protection to
the persons and property of the loyal people
resident therein, hence the necessity of a more
stringent procedure. Is there anything in the
Constitution of the United States, adopted by
the Convention on the 17th of September,
1787, and ratified in 1789, vesting in the Ex-
ecutive alone the establishment of governments
in these States? In that instrument it is de-
clared—
"That the Constitution and the laws of the United
States, which shall be made in pursuance thereof,
shall be the supreme law of the land; and that the
judges of every State shall be bound thereby, any-
thing in the constitution or laws of any State to the
contrary notwithstanding."
Who, then, can make the laws? Not the Ex-
ecutive, as he possesses only the power to give
or withhold his assent when bills are presented
to him. The answer is indicated by the Con-
stitution, and that is, it rests with Congress to
pass laws, and if the Executive interpose the
veto power, such bills can, notwithstanding
such veto, become laws if the same shall be
passed by a two-third vote in each House;
thus showing clearly that the Executive alone
had no power under the Constitution to under-
take to reconstruct these ten rebel States by
establishing civil governments therein, and his
acts in that matter were usurpation.'
Then the question recurs, have Congress
under the Constitution power to pass the bill
under consideration? The fourth section of
said Constitution provides that—
"The United States shall guaranty to every State
in the Union a republican form of government."
This injunction vests in Congress plenary
power to use all measures necessary to accom-
plish such a result. These ten States are in a
peculiar position. Having rebelled against the
Government of which they are a part and
attempted to set up one independent to that of
the U nited States, they by that act suspended
their operation as State governments, and are
amenable to the General Government, which
they attempted to destroy, for their conduct;
and it is incumbent upon the United States to
secure to the citizens of those States a repub-
lican form of government. But as it is evident
from the disposition manifested by the major-
ity of those residing therein that they are not
in a proper mood to be governed by the civil
laws, hence the necessity of employing for the
present more powerful means.
it is said, Mr. Speaker, that if they are to
be considered as States then we have no power
to extend over them in time of peace martial
law. In answer to that I have to say that
although the open rebellion in arms has«fceen
subdued, still the people therein who partici-
pated in the rebellion yet show in their actions
a rebellious spirit, and it must be borne in
mind that the Constitution expressly declares
that to "every State" a republican form ot
government shall be guarantied, showing evi-
dently that the patriots who framed that in-
strument contemplated that a contingency
might arise that would require the exercise of
extraordinary power. In order to sustain this
bill on constitutional grounds it is not neces-
sary to argue the doctrine promulgated by some,
that in consequence of the rebellion these
States must be considered as territories or
