162
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 16,
Ho. of Reps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Dumont.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
conquered provinces. Sir, I hold to no such
theory. Thev are States, and called such by
the Constitution; but, as I have said, by re-
belling they have suspended their govern-
mental organization, and in order to enable
them to stand in proper position with the
States that remained loyal they must submit
to such regulations as Congress may prescribe.
This bill is not intended as a permanent
arrangement, but only to secure the rights of
all persons residing in those States until a
civil government can be organized upon the
basis of a republican form, which will be as
soon as a loyal spirit is manifested by those
who were in rebellion. If, as contended for
by some, Congress possessed no power to ex-
tend such laws over the late insurrectionary
States, then the nation would be unable to
maintain its nationality, or,,as asserted by a
high official under the administration of James
Buchanan, though no authority exists in the
Constitution for a State to secede, but in case
an attempt was made there was no power to
coerce. I am happy to say that such infa-
mous doctrine is not taught by the Constitu-
tion nor sustained by any precedents, and no
true loyal citizen ever did, and I trust never
will, maintain such an absurd idea. Then,
Mr. Speaker, as to the necessity and constitu-
tionality of the bill under consideration I upon
mature deliberation have no doubt; and its
provisions, if faithfully carried out, will surely
hasten the restoration of those States to full
political rights, so as to give them a represent-
ation in Congress, and on this point I will add
that this bill, or a similar one, is asked for by
the loyal citizens resident therein.
I am somewhat surprised, Mr. Speaker, at
the arguments of some of the gentlemen on
this side of the House. The honorable gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] finds
fault because the bill does not provide a mode
of restoration. Whether an amendment of that
kind may be offered in the Senate I of course
cannot say; that, however, is a subsequent
consideration, but suffice it to say that stern
justice demands speedy action in order to afford
adequate protection, and there is no time to
cavil; let us do one thing at a time. This bill
has been agreed upon by the Reconstruction
Committee, composed of members from each
House. If, a3 the gentleman seems to fear,
the President does not appoint competent offi-
cers and fully carry out the provisions of the
bill, he will be amenable to the nation, and I
have no doubt will be dealt with byjCongress
as justice may demand; nor do I see what the
disposition made by Alexander the Great when
he conquered a Province, of which the gentle-
man spoke, has to do with these rebellious States.
The loyal people, I have no doubt, will take
care of the Government. The honorable gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Davis] also in-
terposes objections to the bill, and one remark
made by him I must confess struck me with
astonishment. After speaking of supposed sin-
cerity of rebels, he said:
"St. Paul was sincere and conscientious when he
persecuted the saints, and Lee I doubt not was sin-
cere when he cast his lot with the confederacj^and
attempted the overthrow of the Government."
Though the Apostle Paul when he perse-
cuted the saints, owing to his training in strict
conformity to the sect to which he was attached
prior to his conversion, may have thought he
was doing God's service, is that any apology
or palliation for Lee when he turned traitor
against his country? He was educated in the
military school of the United States and in-
structed in all the arts of war, and, being aid
to General Scott, he became acquainted with
all the plans of our Government to suppress
rebellion, and being thus indebted to the Uni-.
ted States for his education and information so
as to give him superior military skill, he turned
against his country, joined the rebellion, and
used all the training and information imparted
to him by the Government he had sworn to
maintain, to destroy this Republic: and be
caused to be slain thousands upon thousands
of loyal soldiers, and the land to be filled with
widows and orphans. Sir, ought a man of
that kind be eulogized? No punishment is
too severe for him, and it is a disgrace to the
nation that he should escape condign punish-
ment. There is no excuse or palliation for his
conduct, and I lookupon his crime as infamous,
and such as ought not permit him to enjoy the
blessings of this Republic; and it would have
been a credit to the nation if such leading
rebels had been disposed of by military com-
mission.
It is useless, Mr. Speaker, to undertake to
answer the arguments of the gentlemen on the
Democratic side of this House, as they all
oppose any reconstruction, but favor the ad-
mission of Representatives from those ten
insurrectionary States without any guaranty
whatever for their future conduct, and desire
that they should retain their present pretended
State governments, for which they claim to
have the sanction of Andrew Johnson, the
President of the United States. This, sir,
never will be allowed as long as we have a
loyal Congress who stand up for a safe and
secure Government. I trust this bill will pass
without any further delay, so that the people
in those States may have adequate security for
their persons and property, and the disloyal
element be kept in subjection.
Reconstruction.
SPEECH OF HON. E. DUMONT,
of indiana,
Ik the House of Representatives,
February 16, 1807.
The House having under consideration the Presi-
dent's annual message,
Mr. DUMONT said:
Mr. Speaker : I ask the Clerk to read the
paragraph I have sent up to his desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
"A hotel keeper in Washington posted on his din-
ing-room door the following notice: 'Members of
Congress will go to the table first, and then tho gen-
tlemen. Rowdies and blackguards must not mix
with the' Congressmen, as it is hard to tell one from
the other.'" [Laughter.]
Mr. DUMONT. Mr. Speaker, I do not think
the paragraph just read has much application
to the remarks I shall beg leave to submit,
but seeing that some of the members are a
little drowsy, and fearing that no remarks of
mine would disturb their slumbers, I thought
I might, perhaps, accomplish the object by
bringing to their attention this brutal assault
on their own reputations. I do not wish to
move in the matter myself, being young and
inexperienced, but would suggest the raising
of a committee to find out the name of the
assassin, and have him dealt with for his im-
pertinence and vulgarity.
What I propose to speak about for a brief
period is the decision of the Supreme Court
recently made in the Garland case, to the
effect that the act of Congress requiring attor-
neys-at-law to take what is familiarly called
the iron-clad oath is unconstitutional and void,
and cannot be enforced; and that the applicant
Garland, an acknowledged traitor, cannot be
required to take it nor excluded from the bq,r
for refusing to do so.
The decision was not unanimous; it was
made by a mere majority of one of the court,
five on the one side and four on the other, and
does not carry the moral force of a decision
made with unanimity. If it is not so the de-
cisiou of a mob might command respect, be-
cause a mob has heads enough, as Franklin
said, but no brains.
It may be that what I may say may not have
much influence with the court, and may not
move those who hear me; but as has been well
said by a sensible author, the true and philo-
sophical t.peech-maker in Congress addresses
a greater and a grander auditory than that
which surrounds tjnd hears him. He speaks
to hearers in farm-houses, in hamlets, and in
cities. He directs his voice to dwellers in
granite hills, fertile plains, and golden valleys.
He addresses an audience not so fixed in error
nor so firmly grounded in the truth that they
cannot be moved if sufficient motive is pre-
1 sentcd. He strives to move those by whose
j movements the earth is shaken, and before
;i whose breath judges, rulers, and politicians fly
' as chaff before the wind.
As I shall want to introduce the oath re-
I quired by act of Congress into my speech, this
' would seem to be an appropriate place to do
j so. It is set forth in the opinion of Judge
i Field, of the majority of the court. As I
would do no injustice I prefer to use his own
statement of the case. He states it thus:
I "On the 2d of July, 1862, Congress passed an act
' prescribing an oath to betaken by every person elected
or appointed to any office of honor or profit under
the Government of the United States, either in tho
civil, military, or naval departments of the public
service, except the President of the United States,
before entering upon the duties of his office, and be-
fore being entitled |o its salary or other emoluments.
On tho 24th of January, 1865, Congress passed a sup-
plementary act extending its provisions so as to em-
brace attorneys and counselors of the courts of tho
United States, which provides that after its passage
no person shall be admitted as an attorney or coun-
selor to tho bar of the Supreme Court, and after tho
4th of March, 1865, to the bar of any circuit or district
court of the United States, or of the Court of Claims,
or be allowed to appear and be heard by virtue of
any previous admission or any special power of attor-
ney, unless he shall have firsftaken and subscribed
the oath prescribed in the act of July 2,1802. The
act also provides that the oath shall be preserved
among the files of the court: and if any person take
it falsely he shall be guilty of perjury, and upon con-
viction shall be subject to the pains and penalties of
that offense.
"At the December term of I860, the petitioner was
admitted as an attorney and counselor of this court,
and took and subscribed the oath then required. By
tho second rule, as it then existed, it was only requi-
site to the admission of attorneys and counselors of
thus court that they should havo been such officers
for the three previous years in the highest courts
of the States to which they respectively belonged,
and that their private and professional character
should appear to be fair. In March, 1865, this rale
was changed by the addition of aclause requiringthe
administration of the oath in conformity with ihe
act of Congress.
" In May, 1861, the State of Arkansas, of which tho
petitionerwas acitizen, passed an ordinance of seces-
sion which purported to withdraw the State from tho
Union, and afterward in the same year, by another
ordinance, attached herself to the so-called confed-
erate States, and by act of the congress of that con-
federacy. she was received as one of its members.
The petitioner followed the State and was one of her
representatives, first in the lower house, and after-
ward in the senate of the congress of that confed-
eracy, and was a member j>f the senate at the time
of the surrender of the confederate forces to the
Armies of the United States.
" In July, 1865, he received from the President of
the United States a full pardon for all offenses com-
mitted by him by participation, direct or implied,
in the rebellion. Ho now produces this pardon, and
asks permission to continue to practice as an attor-
ney and counselor of the court, without taking the
oath required by the act of January 24,1865, and the
rule of this court, which he is unable to take by reason
of the otliees he held under the confederate govern-
ment.
"He rests his application principally upon two
grounds: first, that the act of January 24, I860, so far
as it affects his status in the court, is unconstitutional
and void; secondly, that if the act be constitutional
he is released from compliance with its provisions
by the pardon of tho President. The oath prescribed
by the act is as follows: 1. That the deponent has
never voluntarily borne arms against the United
States since he has been a citizen thereof. 2. That
he has not voluntarily given aid, countenance, coun-
sel, or encouragement to persons engaged in armed
hostility thereto. 3. That he has never sought, ac-
cepted, or attempted to exercise the functions of any
office whatsoever under any authority or pretended
authority in hostility to the United States. 4. That
he has not yielded a voluntary support to any pre-
tended_ government, authority, power, or constitu-
tion within the United States hostile or inimical
thereto. _ 5. That he will support and defend the
Constitution of the United States against all enemies,
foreign and domestic, and will bear true faith and
allegiance to the same."
I listened the other day with a great deal of
interest to the discussion that took place at
the time the Louisiana reconstruction bill wa3
brought up, although it was not entirely confined
to the consideration of this bill. I noticed, for
instance, the honorable gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Harding.] He had manifestly
