164
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 16,
Ho. op Reps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Dumont.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
General Jackson, too, had the presumption
to believe that there were some questions with
the solution of which the Supreme Court have
nothing to do, and upon which their adjudi-
cations have no binding force and entitled to
no consideration. Pursuant to which infidel
opinion the stalwart old soldier vetoed the bill
rechartering the United States Bank on the
ground that it was unconstitutional, though the
contrary had been held repeatedly by that
court, Chief Justice Marshall himself on the
bench. And it is but recurring to history to say
that on appeal to the people he was most tri-
umphantly sustained. Referring to the alle-
gation of the friends of the bill that the consti-
tutionality had been settled by the court, he
said:
"It is maintained by the advocates of the bank that
its constitutionality in all its features ought to be
considered as settled by precedent and by the decis-
ion of the Supreme Court. To this conclusion lean-
not assent. Jlere precedent is a dangerous source of
authority, and should not be regarded as deciding
questions of constitutional power except when the
acquiescence of the people and the States can be con-
sidered as well settled. If the opinion ot'the Supreme
Court covered the whole ground of this act it ought
not to control the coordinate authority of this Gov-
ernment. The Congress, the Executive, and the
court must each for itself be guided by its own opin-
ion of the Constitution. Each public officer who
takes an oath to support the Constitution swears that
he will support it as ne understands it, and not as it
is understood by others. It is as much the duty of
the House of Representatives and gf the Senate and
of the President to decide upon the constitutionality
of any bill or resolution which mny be presented to
them for passage or approval as it is of the supreme
judges when it may be brought before them for judi-
cial decision. The opinion of the judges has no more
authority over Congress than the opinion of Congress
has over the judges, and on that point the President
is independent of both. The authority ofthe Supreme
Courtmust not, therefore, be permitted to control the
Congress in their legislative capacities, but to have
only such influence aa the force of their reasoning
may determine."—Veto Me  age, July 10,1832.
The decision of the Supreme Court in what
is called the Indiana case is, in my humble
opinion, not so wrong as this, for I hold there
may be degrees of error. And yet what does Mr.
Stanton, the Secretary of War, say of that decis-
ion? Does he lay down in the dust simply
because it was' made, or say, like a man, " it is
wrong?"
" My opinion of the law is that all such cases are
properly cognizable by military tribunals. I believe
that those persons were properly convicted, and that
Milligan was also properly convicted. I think that
the true exposition of the law of this country, and
of every other civilized country of the globe, justifies
me in saying that trials, convictions, and sentences
by military tribunals were perfectly legal. I do not
think that the decision of the Supreme Court in the
case of Milligan was justified by any principle of law
recognized by any civil Government on the earth. I
think it is wnollj; inconsistent with the protection of
persons in the military service, or with the preserva-
tion of peace and safety in any of the States in in-
surrection. Whether thi3 view of tho law bo correct,
or how it can be enforced, if correct, is properly a
subject for legislative wisdom, and one on which I
cannot make any suggestion."
There was a time when the name of Jack-
son would stand against the world. Whether
he is in good standing in the.present Demo-
cratic church, or whether there is gny one so
infernal mean as to do him reverence, I do not
know. I rather think not. He, unlike poor,
miserable, old Buchanan, had no difficulty in
finding a law to puf down treason and for
hanging traitors, both of which are now coun-
ter to the Democratic gospel; and he was not
ashamed to speak kindly of a downtrodden
race, who had fought bravely at his side, and
to call them "fellow-citizens," which no mem-
ber in good standing in the Democratic church
of the present day would dare to do. I simply
introduce his testimony on a question of some
interest for what it may be worth, and will say
not a single word as to the credibility of the
witness or the weight due to his evidence.
God forbid! He needs not my poor indorse-
ment. Enshrined as he is in the hearts of the
nation, the American people would illy brook
a \^prd from me that would look like an attempt
to corroborate ; still I do not flatter myself that
the testimony of Jefferson and Jackson will
be regarded as respectable by gentlemen who
were neutral when war was flagrant and the
nation's life at stake, and who are now con-
servatives. I rather bring these things for-
ward in their presence and hearing as the
lawyer did Blaekstone, who undertook to read
a passage from that book to the court as ap-
plicable to the case under consideration. The
court ruled the book out, assigning as a reason
that it was a British book and not law in this
country. The attorney, however, insisted on
reading it, not as the law, but that the court
might see what an old simpleton and block-
head Blaekstone was.
The gentleman must bear in mind that this
is a political question from which this court
might have kept aloof, and left it where Con-
gress had left it, but they preferred to enter
the turbid pool of party strife, and it required
no gift of divination to know that their opin-
ion upon a purely political question would be
subject to rigid scrutiny, and that it must
stand, if stand at all, on its strength, and not
on forbearance. The pitiful begging for quar-
ter now is a confession that it cannot stand
the test. How could the courthave keptaloof?
Simply by attending to its own business—I
speak respectfully—and not seeking to invade
the province of Congress. It was not for the
Supreme Court to attempt to relieve by judicial
legislation the rebels from the consequences
of their rebellion, nor to construe men guiltless
that the whole world knew to be guilty as sin;
that was perverting the province of constru-
ing to purposes never intended by those who
provided for the organization of the court.
It is absurd to think of a court undertaking
to settle the status of the conquered. It be-
longs to the people of the nation who achieved
the victory, and woe be to any court that shall
attempt to wrench it out of their hands. It
illy becomes those withdrawn by their duties
from the field of strife to rush so frantically
upon the field of battle after the victory is
won and demand the right to settle the terms
of surrender and construe " everything beaji-
tiful and lovely and nobody to blame." The
nation will beg to be excused from accepting
the proffer of such sublime benevolence, and
the people will decide for themselves when the
dread point of danger is passed ; they, through
their representatives in Congress, will decide
when the war is over and when the rebellion
is fully put down. In the second volume of
Rutherford's Institutes it is said that when an
effort is made to destroy a nation, and that
effort has been overthrown, there is not neces-
sarily a termination of the struggle, but that it
then devolves upon society to ascertain what pre-
cautionary measures may be taken to guard the
nation in the future, and to secure its tranquil-
lity, and that is the true theory of political sci-
ence, of human government.
It is but due to courts and judges to say that
these claims to infallibility are not made so
much by courts and judges themselves as by
partisans, who cry out as naturally as cream
rises to the top of a bowl of milk, " a second
Daniel come to judgment," whenever a decis-
ion happens to be made that seems to have a
political aspect or capable of being perverted
to party account—a trick of the trade, of which
one party is guilty about as often as the other.
The Democratic admiration for the Supreme
Court is of comparative modern date. We
heard not much of it until the Dred Scott decis-
ion, to cover the enormity of which were as
easy as to kindle a conflagration in the bosom
of the sea. It was not until this decision was
manufactured to order that Democratic admi-
ration culminated; not until it was thought
that it could be made an engine of oppression,
of grinding to powder a poor, helpless, implor-
ing, downtrodden race, and cursing with the
blight of slavery every foot of soil that before
that day had been consecrated to freedom.
And when in the recent Indiana case the court
felt itself called upon to turn men loose who
were worthy of a halter, and in the Garland
application for admission to practice law, de-
cided that perjury was no crime and did not
affect or in the slightest degree soil a man's
moral character—that is the decision, stripped
of all circumlocution and redundant words—
the deep notes of the Democratic slogan, re-
verberating as it did amid the Scottish hills,
■were again heard calling the faithful together
to rejoice. Never, until it was feared by all
good loyal men that there was about to be a
general jail delivery of assassins and scoun-
drels, did the Democratic heart so overflow.
Then, indeed, was their cup of bliss, like Tam
O'Shanter's, full and sparkling to the brim :
"Kings may be blest, but Tam was glorious.
O'er a' the ills o' life victorious."
The Constitution will lose its power and cease
to be venerated if it shall come to be understood
(as it will be if these political judicial opinions
continue to be made) that instead of being
the palladium of liberty, the bulwark of free-
dom, and a terror to evil-doers, it is something
behind which a criminal can skulk and hide.
When in the history of this or any other laud
was crime held in such tender regard that a
half dozen or more sections or clauses of the
Constitution could be invoked to stand between
the offender and the punishment due to the
most flagrant crime? I know of but one paral-
lel case of tenderness, and that is not of classic
birth or historic renown, but of a domestic kind:
it is the ease of the kind and loving old matron
who administered chloroform to her refractory
son before applying the rod to his back, for fear it
would hurt him; and that is the reason assigned
why rebels must not be excluded from the bar,
for fear it may hurt them ; and that is the rea-
son why rebels may not be required to take the
oath that you and I and all of us had to take,
nor excluded from the bar for refusing to take
it, for fear it may hurt them. The Constitu-
tion stands between them and harm ; but it
did not stand between them and the soldiers
of the Union, whose bones are now bleaching
upon a hundred battle-fields, and who are now
numbered with the sheeted nations of the dead.
The disloyal element is now loud in com-
mendation ; but this court may find out after
it is everlastingly too late (everybody else
knows it now) that this new-born and frantic
Democratic love, like that of the bears, may
squeeze its object to death. The caresses of
the wicked are more to be dreaded than the
serpent's deadly coil. If I should fail to cry
aloud against such amazing lenity toward the
bloody handed, I should not want to meet my
people; I should- feel like fleeing when they
approached me as Adam fled when in the cool
of the morning he heard the voice of the Lord
God in the garden. Our people will not will-
ingly see the fatted calf killed for the wicked
men who have brought our beloved land to the
verge of ruin until they bring forth fruit meet
for repentance. The green graves of the heroic
dead and the wail of the widow and orphan
plead against it.
The American mind is athletic and inquir-
ing, and thank God not in the slightest degree
base or slavish. It will look at and inquire
into the acts of all public servants, judges
included, and it will not seem to be so wrong
to do so, but on th<? contrary eminently right
and proper when it is reflected that judges them-
selves are daily calling in question the opinions
of other judges and reversing their decisions.
That is their business; if it were not they would
have none; Othello's occupation would begone.
More than one half perhaps I might say without
being much wrong of all the decisions that go
from one court to another are reversed. The
reports of reversed cases lye piled up mount-
ain high, and with them the library of every
lawyer groans. And if it be said that these
reversed cases were but the rulings of inferior
tribunals and not of courts of last resort, then
I ask what becomes of that numerous class of
cases overruled and doubted by the very court
that decided them? We know that large vol-
