1807.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
165
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Dumont.
Ho. of Reps.
umes and tomes are crammed with such cases,
and whoever will give himself the trouble to
glance into such a volume will come to the con-
clusion that the only necessary difference be-
tween a court of last resort and one below it
is not necessarily in wisdom nor learning nor
independence nor integrity, but in having the
last word, in the fact that the suitor is there at
the end of his rope.
Two lawyers were arguing a case; one
stated what he supposed to be a correct legal
principle; the other replied, "That is not the
law." The first rejoined, '• The Supreme Court
has so decided.'' "Then," says he of the neg-
ative, "it's the law whether it is or not."
Lawyers have their anecdotes, among them
this one: that at one time there was pending \
before a State circuit judge sixty cases, all be- j
tween the same parties and in all respects alike I
except in the amount of the judgments that !
had been rendered by the court below. They i
wereallcases in scire facias upon judgments of ;
an inferior court, not depending upon proof, ;
but to be decided on demurrer upon the rec-
ords. The judge was pressed with other cases
and for time, and a decision was insisted on
by both parties. So in his dilemma he divided
the records into two piles, taking them just as
they came, as you would deal a pack of cards,
thirty in one pile and thirty in the other, and
decided—one pile in favor of the plaintiff and
the other pile in favor of the defendant. In
all the cases an appeal was taken from the
circuit to the supreme court of the State, and
after mature consideration (of course the con-
sideration was mature) the judgmentof the cir-
•cuit court was affirmed in each and all the sixty
cases, and the affirming opinions were pro-
nounced by all who read them as the perfection
of human reason.
The fact that one man occupies a higher
official position than another may be due as
much to mere fortuitous circumstances or his
arrogance and assumption as to his wisdom and
virtue. These remarks are general and not of
personal application, as true, I fancy, in the
abstract as concrete, applicable alike to the
past, the present, and the future, and would be
made by me if my delight in the decision under
consideration were as great as my regret. They
apply no more to Federal than to State courts,
no more to courts in this than in any other
couutry. They are spoken as good doctrine, to
show that a fair examination is not forbid-
den ground. While I would not surrender the
utmost freedom of fair discussion, I would not
wish to speak harshly or indecorously of the
venerable men comprising the court. It is the
opinion and not the court that I combat. I
know, too, that it is hard argument and not hard
words that wins its way to the conscience and
understanding. I know, too, that injustice re-
bounds upon him who employs it in argument
or otherwise. I know, too, that any arrow
from my poor quiver not barbed with truth and
justice will fall harmless. I know, too, that
my tJtie to speak, if I speak with propriety, is
the crowning glory of my country, which guar-
anties to the lowly and the humble that permis-
sion and hampers the privilege with no slavish
restrictions. I desire to be moderate, temper-
ate, and respectful, but it must be the moder-
ation of truth and not of pusillanimity.
There is not the slightest danger to be
apprehended from reasonable latitude in this
respect, for though here and there there may
be one who believes it dangerous to presume
one possessed of wisdom or learning, religion,
loyalty, or patriotism, simply because these
qualities would adorn the station he occupies,
yet we know that the inclination of the pop-
ular mind is the other way; they ascribe wis-
dom to one because he is judge, and are inno-
cent of suspecting that he got to be judge on
account of his wisdom; they suppose that the
wisdom and the judgeship came together at
the same instant, and are inseparable, a sort
of Siamese twins. It is on account of this
popular hallucination that we politicians are
so prone to parade our official rosters and
boast of the offices that have, from time to
time, been bestowed upon us, as though that
was any reason why a willing horse should be
rode to death or why we should be permitted
to continue to monopolize. The best minds
in this or any other country belong not neces-
sarily to politicians and pertain not necessarily
to those who hold office. We have all known
those who never held office, and who never
dreamed themselves fit for any official station,
and never held a place of honor, trust, or
profit in their born days, who on comparison
of attainments and cultivation and capacity
would put many a windy Congressman to open
shame.
In the annals of the hustings we find a good
deal of Attic salt and racy passages, a good
deal of rough wit, and the taking down of many
an inflated boaster. In the vein to which I
have alluded, one of these gentlemen was on
an occasion giving free play to his rhetoric;
he told his audience how much he had been
honored by his fellow-citizens, enumerating the
stations that had from time to time been be-
stowed. asserting that his highest ambition
was fully satisfied, but that his heart was too
full of gratitude to refuse any additional call.
Among the auditors was a rough, sturdy,
plain-spoken old farmer, who did not seem to
be much impressed with the solemnity of the
occasion nor overwhelmed with veneration for
the speaker. He did not say so p'intedly, but
I rather inferred it from what he did say;
"You may," says he, "have held all these
places ; I do not doubt it; I myself know it to
be true; but if you are not still an ignoramus
and an ass, then God Almighty don't write a
legible hand."
And yet mankind in general, and the human
family in particular, are prone to ascribe to
official station the qualities that adorn it. It
is for this very reason that these inventories,
catalogues, and schedules are so often paraded,
because mankind is prone to ascribe to official
station the qualities that adorn it. The indi-
vidual comes under the influence of the delu-
sion, no matter how well he may know the
facts to the contrary. There is a case in point,
and I will state it: out West the neighbors are
friendly and aid each other all they can ; they
assist each other in raising their cabins, roll-
ing their logs, &c. After the work is done'
they frequently kill two birds with one stone, as
the phrase is, by holding an election while the
voters are together. At one of these log-roll-
ing elections an old farmer was elected a jus-
tice of the peace, and it is from him I have
the story, to the effect that a number of voters,
knowing that an election was to take place,
brought their title-deeds along, tied up in red
bandana handkerchiefs, and as soon as it was
decided that he was elected he was taken out
successively by these men to examine their
deeds and pass his legal judgment on the
goodness of their land titles. He had lived a
neighbor to them for years; they had never
before asked his opinion ; they knew that he
had never in his life-time looked within the
lids of a law-book ; but he was elected a jus-
tice of the peace, a judicial station, and they
could not, to save the world and their own
souls, resist the tendency of mankind to
ascribe to official station the qualities that
adorn it. Seated on a log in the wilderness,
among howling wolves, he pronounced their
titles good, without a flaw, and no babe ever
reposed on the bosom of its mother more
trustingly than they on the opinion thus pro-
nounced. And yet the gentleman from Ken-
tucky will talk of the danger to be appre-
hended from a little freedom in the examina-
tion of judicial opinions. He fears that the
foundations of society are to be jarred and
loosened, and that we are to drift about, with-
out guide or compass, God knows whither;
though vou might as well attempt to change
the laws of gravitation, or to dam up Niagara
with bulrushes, as to eradicate the delusion to
which I have alluded. There is another jnstice-
of-tlie-peace story, if I may be pardoned for its
reproduction and for the use of homely illus-
trations, showing that there is now and then
one not laboring under the hallucination-.
A constituent of ray colleague, [Mr. Far-
quhak,] in whose district I once lived, was
elected justice of the peace, and thereupon,
i believing that his was one of the few immortal
\ names not born to die went to the clerk of the
: court to file his bond and be sworn into office.
He exhibited his commission and said he had
come to file his bond and be qualified. " Hold
| up your hand," responded the gruff old clerk,
J who, when enraged and indignant, was a little
rough and profane; "I'll swear you in: all
h—1 can't qualify you."
i Lgt all this stuff go; it is foreign to my pur-
pose, and I beg pardon for being tempted into
it. I must have done with it or some block-
l head will accuse me of an effort at satire;
i some one with too little understanding to see
! my drift. In order to decide that the condi-
; tions of the iron-clad oath could not be required
; of an attorney, the court felt itself called upon
j to argue that the office of attorney-at-law was
: not an office. Perhaps not; it was a wholly
| immaterial argument, because we know that in
all past time conditions and qualifications have
been affixed by legislation to the privilege to
hold office and practice law indiscriminately.
The right to do so has not heretofore been
doubted, because these things are not rights
at all, but privileges to be granted and regulated
by law. The statutes are innumerable and the
conditions various; as for instance, a judge
must have been a licensed lawyer; to entitle a
lawyer to a license he must be a man of good
moral character, and in some of the States have
studied law a designated period of time and
pass an examination ; before a candidate shall
be even examined touching his cpialifications to
practice he shall have procured it to be certified
by a court of record that he is a man of good
moral character; no one but a printer shall be
eligible to the office of public printer; no
defaulter shall be eligible to a seat in a legis-
lative body ; one who has given or accepted a
challenge to fight a duel shall not be eligible
to office ; any one who has fled the State or
the United States to avoid the draft shall be
disqualified; no one not a freeholder shall
be eligible to office, and ceasing to be a free-
holder shall work a forfeiture; and those who
may be adjudged guilty of certain infamous
crimes shall be disfranchised ; and a thousand
more examples, found in our statute-books.
Now, it will be observed that some of these
statutes are prospective and some retrospect-
ive or retroactive. They are not uniform.
Some apply to offices and some to attorneys.
Does it not sound strange at this late day to
say that all of this legislation was right, and
yet that Congress cannot say that one guilty
of treason and perjury shall not be permitted
to practice law ?
The opinion of a court deciding a statute of
Congress unconstitutional ought to be quite
plain and conclusive, because it is a rule well
settled that a statute cannot be declared un-
constitutional unless it is so beyond a perad-
venture. Deference to the deliberations of the
law-making power not only recommends this
rule, but makes it imperative; like one charged
with the commission of crime, a statute, on
trial, is entitled to the benefit of all reasonable
doubts. It follows that where a decision is
against the validity of a statute it ought to be
arrived at by reasoning the most cogent, and
logic the most inexorable. While I find .the
dissenting opinion, in the case under consid-
eration, to be clear as the noon-day sun,
whollv unanswerable, and an honor to the
minority of the court, and especially to ->«dge
Miller, the clear-headed and right-minded
judge who pronounced it, I must say m all
