166
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 19,
Ho. of Reps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Wright.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
candor that I found the majority opinion ob-
scure and confused. It is not as it should be,
the king's highway along which all oan travel
and none get lost. It starts out bravely enough,
it is true, but there is a flagging, a wonderful
letting down before we progress far. The
obscurity is such that we are bewildered to
know what it really means. It is like a western
road which a political orator said opened stately
enough with planted trees on either hand to
tempt the traveler, but soon became narrow
and narrower, and finally dwindled into a
squirrel track and run up a tree. A jury must
agree unanimously or there is no verdict. It
is not so with a court composed of a plurality
of judges; but who can say that the reasoning
is not as strong in the one case as in the other?
Chief Justice Marshall would not hear a case
at all touching the validity and constitution-
ality of a statute, because the bench waj not
full, from which it may be inferred that he
would not have any great veneration for a
decision made by a majority of one—five on
the one hand and four on the other. Where
a case seems to be trembling in the balance
it would almost tempt one to wish to poll the
court, hoping to lure one of its members over,
and then the boot would be on the other foot,
the decision the other way.
The reception that this decision is to meet
with may be judged somewhat by what has
already transpired. Before its echoes had died
out the supreme court of the District of Colum-
bia decided, the most unkindest cut of all, that
it was of no binding force, and that they would
not be governed by it; and that they would
protect themselves against the contamination
of perjured attorneys whether the Supreme
Court of the United States would or not; and
even before that this House had passed the
bill, over which the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Harding] seems so distressed, by which
it is enacted in substance that if the oath can-
not be required of attorneys under the decision
because it requires a man to accuse himself,
or is expurgating,- or ex post facto, or for any
other reason or cause, still no one guilty of the
crimes enumerated in the oath, or any of them,
shall be by any court of the United States ad-
mitted to practice law. In the language of
Monsieur d'Alembert's eulogy of Montesquieu,
If we are beholden to an aggressor for the good
which he has done us without wanting to do it,
we owe this court eternal thanks for having
aroused the country and superinduced the pas-
sage of this statute.
Now, let us see if the gordianknot is really
untied, and how we may get along without the
path. The oath I consider a good thing, for
it was well remarked by the able and fearless
Judge Miller of the minority of the court, that
if all the lawyers and ministers of the rebel
States could have held up their hands in pres-
ence of God and truthfully taken that oath
there would have been no rebellion. But how
can we get along without it? The lowest qual-
ification required in any civilized land for
admission to the bar is a record certificate of
good moral character. Now, Mr. Attorney,
you may not be required to take any oath as
to what you have or have not done, still you
must come into court with clean hands, and the
right to require this inheres in the court with-
out any legislation at all. An application is
made to a court for admission to the bar; I
oppose it on the ground that the moral char-
acter of the applicant is not good, in support
of which I prove that before the rebellion he
had taken an oath as an attorney to support
the Constitution of the United States; that he
had afterward gone into the rebellion and
committed treason. I thus fix on him two
infamous crimes, both felonies at common law,
one punishable with death, and the other with
imprisonment in the penitentiary, and thereby
succeed, I rather suspect, in showing that he is
not a man of very extraordinarily good moral
character.
Do not let any one be alarmed with fears
that I surrender the oath. God forbid. We
intend to continue to cram this iron-clad oath
down the throats of rebels all over this broad
land; or if they cannot truthfully take it make
them and their attorneys stay out in the cold,
notwithstanding this bull against the comet by
the Supreme Court. But if we are blockaded
in that respect, as we are not, the way, bless
God, is perfectly clear and unobstructed in the
other direction. It is not good treatment, I
would say, by the way, to the soldier to attempt
to make treason respectable, for it was to put
down treason and make it odious that he fought.
Out of respect for the holy cause for which he
fought and bled and died, he would merit bet-
ter treatment if his blood were ditch water and
his body only fit food for the carrion kite.
And the court will find it an up-hill business
to change the meaning of words and make
retroactive and ex post facto mean, the same
thing. For ages it has been settled that they do
not mean the same thing; that the one applies
to civil and the other tp criminal proceedings.
The Supreme Court itself has repeatedly so
decided, as any one can see who will glance into
the reports and can understand English. (See
Watson vs. Mercer, 8 Peters, 88; Calder vs.
Bull, 3 Dallas, 383; Fletcher vs. Peek, 6
Cranch, 87; Ogden vs. Sanders, 12 Wheaton,
286; Satterlee vs. Matthewson, 2 Peters, 388.)
But these distinctions are to be broken down
for the benefit of treason, and hereafter we
must consider them as synonymous terms,
whether they are or not. On this point the
remarks of Cook in the argument of the Ma-
gruder case are pertinent, and I beg leave to
reproduce them:
"Now, I submit to your honors that this analysis
of the decision constitutesa refutation of the decision
itself; and without entering upon any special defini-
tion, with which your honors are perfectly familiar,
allow me to inquire what is a bill of attainder, and
what is ex post facto law? Let me, if possible, pre-
sent the points with more pertinency. Is the rule of
this court which you are asked to abrogate or modify
in any respect a bill of attainder or au ex post facto
law? Carrying with you, if your honors please, your
own conceptions of a bill of attainder, allow mo to
inquire what there is in the act that has been declared
unconstitutional that is of the nature of a bill of at-
tainder ore.« pout facto law. Why, ithascome travel-
ing down the pages of legal lore that an ex post facto
law is confined necessarily to laws affecting 'criminal
proceedings.' 1 use the very terms of the Supreme
Court of tlie United States; and if that be so, then this
law is simply, in one of its features, a retrospective
law, imposing conditions as qualifications for office,
and not an ex post facto law. Ey what process ot
logic, by what intellectual ingenuity, can that law be
brought within the fixed and circumscribed sphere of
ex post facto law ? It attaches itself to no criminal
proceedings; connects itself with no penal offense;
if it does, the matured lore of my learned brother can
designate the particulars in which it does. It does
declare as the edict of my country, of the nation, that
he who has attempted to destroy the life of my coun-
try and my Government—it does declare that he who,
whether influenced by State rights or other consid-
erations,has dared to lift up his hand in wrath against
the old stars and stripes shall not administer at the
altar in the temple of justice. It does that, and it
stops with that declaration. It is only an outgush-
incr of patriotism that dared not si umber in the hearts
of the legislators of the land, and that leaped forth
and flung itself in the form of the law upon the stat-
ute-books; and it is of this that the complaint is made
to-day. Is there any criminal proceeding against the
gentleman who comes before your honors, and who
asks for a modification of this rule? None whatever.
No ex post facto law issues its thunders over him; but
there is a law that i would throw around the temples
of justice like flaming swords, so pure that no man
who has dared disturb the tranquillity of the nation
shall teach its laws. Itcannot, then, be maintained,
if your honorsplease, that it is in the nature of an ex
post facto law."
And we must, forsooth, learn to forget all we
ever read defining bills of attainder, and con-
sider this act of Congress a bill of attainder,
and prohibited by the clause of the Constitu-
tion forbidding such laws, though it contains
not a single element of such a law. A statute
which designates no criminal by name, which
declares no guilt, pronounces no sentence, and
inflicts no punishment can in no sense be con-
sidered a bill of attainder. A bill of attainder
works corruption of blood and forfeiture of
estate; so that the person attainted has no
inheritable blood in him and cannot transmit
property to his heirs nor inherit it himself.
All know that this is the most prominent and
obnoxious feature of such a bill, and the very
one intended to be prohibited; but where do
you find any corruption of blood in this oath
or in the act of Congress? It is not there and
cannot be found, and we do not propose at this
late day to begin to learn new definitions that
attempt to overturn what has been settled for
more than two hundred years. When a decis-
ion is worked out of such materials, and made
the base work of an opinion, no wonder the
fabric crumbles.
It seems to me to be a solecism to say that
a statute imposing upon an attorney an oath
of a certain form as a condition to his right to
practice law is unconstitutional, if it be admit-
ted that it would be within the province of a
court to prescribe the oath and require it to be
tiiken without any statute at all, because that
would be placing the creature above the crea
tor, and asserting the legality of an act if per-
formed by a court without law, and the ille-
gality of a statute that would attempt to
authorize it. It is a matter of local history
that the supreme court of the District of Co-
lumbia, by a rule of the court, required this
oath to be taken two years before Congress
legislated on the subject at all, so far as attor-
neys-at-law are concerned, simply under the
authority authorizing them to prescribe rule3
for the admission of attorneys.
That such a right inheres in a court, inde-
pendent of all statute, would seem to be quite
clear, provided a court has a right to protect
itself against the infection of the corrupt and
vicious, and provided morality is not an unrea-
sonable requirement. '' Returning justice lifts
aloft her scale," not in a temple where corrup-
tion is rampant and the wicked hold sway.
Does it not sound passing strange to say that
an attorney-at-law may be guilty of a crime
that will send him to the States prison, hang
him, indeed—of the blackest crime in the dark
catalogue of human guilt—but you cannot ex-
clude him from the bar for it? If it be so,
while all other departments may protect them-
selves, a court has no protection.
"It is true the Supreme Court has seen fit by a
majority to declare that this oath is unconstitutional;
but conceding to that court a purity of intention
equal to that of an angel on his pathway of light and
love, and an opulence of intellectuality surpassing
that of Bacon and Lord Coke and Story and Mar-
shall, it is a historic fact, however, that they stand
on that decision almost alone."
And with these eloquent and impassioned
words of another I close.
Reconstruction.
SPEECH OF HON. E. R. V. WRIGHT,
of new jersey,
In the House of Representatives,
February 19, 1867,
On House bill No. 1143, known as "Shermarfs mili-
tary bill," creating five military districts out of the
States hitherto in rebellion.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, it is with
mingled feelings of surprise and regret that I
have heard read from the Clerk's desk the bill
under consideration. Up to the time of its
presentation civil governments had been es-
tablished in those States, and the process of
reconstruction was in successful progress ; and
I indulged the hope that in a very short time
all the stumbling-blocks in the way of a per-
fect Union would be removed, and that we
might once again be a reunited and happy
people. But this bill, if passed, will fall upon
the land like the blight of the sirocco, and will
cast terror and dismay into the heart of every
patriot in the nation. This bill proposes to
divide the States of Virginia, North and South
Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Florida, Missis-
sippi, Arkansas, Louisiana, and Texas into
five military districts, each district to be gov-
