168
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 19,
Ho. of Reps.
Recon struct ion—Mr. Wrigh t.
39th Cong. ...2d Sess.
in the discharge of the duties imposed on him
could be held responsible and punished under
the Articles of War. But look for one moment
at the inconsistency of this proposition. If this
bill pass the same officers and the same men
may go down there for the purposes here indi-
cated—the suppression of disorder and vio-
lence an&the protection of the lives, liberties
and property of the people—and may act just as
their inclinations or their caprices may direct
without any responsibility whatever to any
power upon the face of the earth.
What was done by Congress before I came
here may perhaps be properly referred to as
showing this spirit of hostility on the part of
one branch of the Government to all legal
restrictions and control. In the midst of the
rebellion and of the excitement caused by it
Congress passed laws, perhaps with somewhat
indecent haste, and excused its action on the
plea of a military necessity. Well, we are
told that "necessity knows no law;" but that
saying can hardly be applicable as a justifica-
tion for this kind of legislation. Wrongs in-
numerable, under color of law, but without any
existing law, were practiced upon citizens; and
then when they came to seek redress for the
violation of their rights, Congress, instead of
attempting to secure to them that redress—I
speak now of the peaceable and law-abiding
citizens of the North whose rights were out-
raged by the satraps of those in power—instead
of securing them that adequate protection about
which they are now so solicitous, Congress
passed a law in the body of which was con-
tained the admission that these wrongs had
been inflicted upon citizens of the United
States, but exempting every officer engaged in
committing those outrages, from the President
of the United States down, from any responsi-
bility or punishment for their crimes. But now,
when peace has come and prosperity again be-
gins to dawn upon the people of the South, the
partj in power proposes to rally its forces and
against the complaints, against the remon-
strances, against the earnest appeals of those
people, to force upon them a code of govern-
ment totally at variance with the oft-repeated
pledge of securing to each of those States a
republican form of government, and plunging
tliem at once into a military despotism.
But, again: if the Congress of the United
States may assume the power to overturn ex-
isting State governments and establish a mili-
tary despotism over ten of the States of this
Union, is there anything in principle that
would prevent them from adding another to
the catalogue of those now swayed by a mili-
tary despotism until, one by one, star after
star in our brilliant constellation shall be
blotted out, to end in the deep, dark midnight
of wrong and oppression and tyranny. Judg-
ing from the experience of the past few years
one would think that the Republic only existed
in name. When was it ever known before
,that our organic law, to gratify the insatiable
ambition and lust for power by the dominant
party of to-day, that the Constitution of the
United States might be trampled upon and dis-
regarded, and step by step increasing in bold-
ness we at last come to the melancholy spectacle
of finding two of the departments of the Gov-
ernment attempted to be shorn of their pre-
rogatives and the undue aggrandization of
power by the legislative department. It seems
to me that we are making retrograde move-
ments and steps backward in civilization and
justice. The most notable example that we
have in history is that of the French Directory,
where, under the malign influence of the con-
suls and under the government of the French
Directory, because men did not move along
rapidly enough to please that party of so-called
progress that force was resorted to, and the
guillotine reeked with the blood of those noble
and patriotic men who had manliness enough
to resist the tyranny that had been illegally
foisted over them.
During the progress of the war outrages of
every description were perpetrate'd upon un-
offending citizens ; blood was taken, lives were
sacrificed by tribunals unknown to law by the
satraps of the dominant party; and when upon
the return of peace the unfortunate victims
sought in our courts for some kind of redress,
the Congress of the United States confessed the
wrongs and passed a law to exonerate all who
were concerned in the perpetration of these
wrongs from the President to the humblest
man in the land upon the imple but specious
and false pretense and plea that it was done in
the name of justice and on behalf of republican
liberty. I have listened in vain to hear from
the advocates of this bill some authority for its
proposed enactment; and I cannot forbear to
mention the glaring inconsistency that has
marked the effort- to pass this bill as well as
that of much of the legislation of the same
1 character during the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
1 The President of the United States, the execu-
tive head of the Government, is restricted by
I the Constitution and the laws in the perform-
ance of his duties. His lamented predecessor
had marked out a plan for the speedy restora-
tion of the Union, and our present worthy Ex-
ecutive (doubtless consulted at the time) then
agreed and has continued that policy up to the
present time. He loves the Constitution of his
country, desires to see the Union reestablished
in its integrity at the earliest moment, and, if
I know him, he would not go wide of the organic
law even to gratify his own personal feelings,
much less to favor the whims and caprices of any
one, whether in or out of this body.
'When Abraham Lincoln was in office did
the Congress think it necessary to pass that
hateful measure called the " tenure-of-office
bill ?'' And of it I would say that it is neither
more nor less than an indirect method of
avoiding the Constitution of the country ; so
it passed for no other reason than that Con-
gress would insist upon doing by force what
the existing law would not justify, except that
the President of the United States was not in
accord with them. By virtue of the force of
numbers the President has been unable to stay
this tide of fanaticism.
And now, a few words more in respect of the
provisions of this bill. The third section comes
to us "sugar coated." The intent of this sec-
tion is to confer absolute power upon the gen-
eral in command of the division. Fearing,
however, that the bill might be defeated if pre-
sented in its naked deformity, its framers intro-
duced a provision that his high mightiness, the
general, might give his gracious consent to
have some of the cases examined before the
local civil tribunals, which of itself means
nothing; for in the concluding part of the sec-
tion, which is the gist of the whole thing, when
in his judgment, and I quote the law—
"It may be nccessary for the trial of offenders, he
shall have power to organize a military commission,
or tribunals for that purpose."
Is this absolutism or not? I aver that it is
anti-republican, despotic, tyrannical, and the
sufferer, the victim, denied the right of appeal,
can no more pass an edict of the commanding
general of the district by way of appeal to
higher authority, and the order, direction, and
decision of such general will be as imperative
and binding upon every citizen within the dis-
trict as would an ukase issued by the Czar of
Russia.
My word for it, Mr. Speaker, the people of
the United States are unprepared for such a
spectacle as this. Their universal intelligence
bears with them an undeniable sense of right
and justice, and this cob-house of despotism
enacted for temporary purposes will be shiv-
ered to atoms at the first shock of public opin-
ion. Sir, will not the passage of this bill b6
the first step in the pathway of revolution ?
Resistance to tyranny is the will of God. and
whenever the Congress of the United States
shall have become so forgetful ;is to lay aside
the obligations of our great national bond and
guiding star, the Constitution of the United
States, then we are ail abroad, power assumes
the place of right, and tyranny usurps the
place of justice.
I pray that I am mistaken in my forebod-
ings, but I will say this class of legislation, as
disclosed by this bill, is mischievous and per-
! nicious in the last degree.
I We are approaching the close of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress, and if time had been taken to
. pass over to those who are to succeed us a
( measure of this magnitude I am fain to believe
that care, examination, and reflection would
have brought them to some other conclusion
than that which seems to be the disposition of
the present Congress.
The great bulk of both sessions has been
occupied by futile attempts at the so-called re-
construction, and on this floor, as the purposes
and objects of the majority have varied, the
States in rebellion have again and again been
recognized as States in the Union, and ex-
cluded by this body as being territories.
Instead of the speedy return to that prosper-
ity which is the hope of the civilized world,
instead of reducing our national debt and pro-
viding such measures as would speedily secure
its cancellation, we have taken up much of the
time of this Congress in donating millions and
millions of acres of the public domain to pri-
vate corporations, and, permit me to say, in my
j judgment without adequate compensation and
in the absence of all necessity.
Although the American people are unani-
mous upon this subject, we seem to be entirely
insensible to the necessity of enforcing the
Monroe doctrine in respect of the States that
compose the southern portion of our continent;
and while we have been permitting the Mexi-
can people to work out their own salvation
and drive away the foreign tyrant, with equal
inconsistency we are slumbering and sleeping
over the still more important fact that passive
and unresistingly upon our borders we await
the establishment of a kingdom.
I mention these matters incidentally, and
hardly dare to insinuate that this condition of
things may have been permitted as offering
very little advantage to political demagogues.
I say, Mr. Speaker, that all this must soon
change no matter how may be the power of that
party which takes its will for law; it involves a
class of legislation fleeting as a sunbeam.
1 do not know that I can give you a better
illustration of the estimate of the public in
regard to this kind of legislation than by relat-
ing the anecdote of the Frenchman in the
time of the first Napoleon. It is well known
to you that the organic law of the land is the
most solemn instrument that can be made and
perfected by man. Napoleon sought, how-
ever, to overturn all existing laws by the crea-
tion and introduction of his code. It was
given out in numbers, and to show at that
moment the French people had a proper esti-
mate of the value of such a fraud and of that
description of legislation, I would say that a
Frenchman called upon a bookseller to obtain
the third part of the Code Napoleon. The
bookseller replied indignantly, "No, sir; we
do not deal in periodicals."
If this shall be the end of the unrighteous
legislation of the last few years by the present
party in power, the American people may be
justified by the precedent in history that I
have just illustrated.
The effort to put down the rebellion was no
party question. The States and the people
vied with each other in making that hercu-
lean and unparalleled effort that culminated in
the complete overthrow of the rebellion and
the consequent reintegration of the Federal
Union. The vanquished fell beneath the saber
stroke of patriotism, and our loved flag now
floats peacefully, proudly, triumphantly over
every broad acre of our loved Republic.
Since the rebellion, and upon the return of
