1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
169
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Taylor.
Ho. of Reps.
peace, it was to be hoped that all cause for
strife would have ceased ; the vanquished rebels
readmitted to representation on just terms and
conditions, and we would thus be enabled to
have a speedy return to our former greatness
and prosperity.
But it does seem that those hopes are des-
tined to be disappointed. For us there is no
prosperity; for the South there is to be no
peace. What it will end in it does not become me
to predict. I may be mistaken, but I do think
when the people come to examine the various
laws which have been enacted to oppress an
already down trodden, impoverished, starving,
and repentant people, they will once more rally
round our flag and Constitution and recover
the land from misrule.
I appeal to the conservative men of this
House to unite with us in averting the calam-
ities that will befall the nation in the event of
the passage of this bill. It is our bounden
duty as conscientious men, both with our voices
and votes, to unite in arresting any legislation
that looks to the avoidance of constitutional
obligations.
Pass this bill and from this day hence'forward
we introduce that very element that was used
to crush out the patriotic efforts and smother
the pleas for justice of the founders of this
Republic. By united ulibrt tyranny and op-
pression were banished from the land, and it
was hoped forever. It is now reintroduced
in the most insidious manner, and almost with-
out a word of objection on the part of those in
power. One third of this Union is henceforth
to be governed by five petty military tyrants,
who exercise all the power of absolute despots,
and this I say without the slightest disrespect
to the patriotism or ability and loyalty of the
very distinguished officers who will be selected
to perform so unwelcome a task.
Two forms of government—the one military
and despotic and the other republican—cannot
exist long without engendering a fearful antag-
onism, and sooner or later one or the other
must go to the wall. This may not be proph-
ecy, but if experience is to be our guide
to proclaim our conviction is the dictate of
wisdom.
When in a republican land like this, at a
time of profound peace, you by a single act
strike from the Constitution that provision of
our safety which declares that the military
shall be subordinate to the civil power, you
sound the death-knell of the Republic. That
far-seeing statesman, Daniel Webster, in lan-
guage more expressive than any I can employ,
gave one expression to his views upon this
subject, and prophesied that whenever we un-
dertook to invert the constitutional order of
our Government and remove its safeguards by
substitution, such acts would be attended with
the most fatal consequences to the future exist-
ence of the Republic.
It is not my intention to occupy a moment
more of the valuable time of this House than
shall be necessary to put my constituents and
myself right upon the record in regard to this
important measure.
I had intended to discuss the fifth section of
this bill, but I deem the effort futile, however
iniquitous it may be, since per fas aut per ne-
fas its arbitrary requirements are sure to be
enforced either by the bayonet or the bullet.
I grieve to contemplate the anomalous char-
acter of our legislation should that bill unfor-
tunately become a law. My prediction is that
as this military juggernaut shall be set in mo-
tion and crush its helpless victims their blood
will arise to Heaven to rebuke you for the
wrong you will have committed. I implore
you to stay your hand, to abandon this system
of mischievous legislation, for although I may
not live to see the end, as sure as the sun
makes its diurnal round I honestly believe con-
vulsions and turmoil and strife will pervade
the land from the center to its extremest limits.
Business will be destroyed, the prosperity of
the country prostrated, our boasted superiority
as a nation be scattered to the winds, freedom
"will no longer exist under the protection of
law, licentiousness will assume its place, and
our boasted republican liberty will become a
by-word, a sneer, and a reproach.
Reconstruction.
SPEECH OE HON. N. G. TAYLOR,
op tennessee,
In the House of Representatives,
February 10, 1867.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the President's annual message—
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee, said:
Mr. Chairman: I believe that in Committee
of the Whole House on the state of the Union—
and the debate of this evening is as if in Com-
mittee of the Whole—the largest liberty of dis-
cussion is allowed ; and I shall presume upon
the indulgence of the House to-night perhaps
to make the remarks I shall offer of a very
discursive character. There are, Mr. Chairman,
many points of interest to this House and to
the country at large the consideration of any
one of which might welt consume an hour, and
far more than an hour. There is some diffi-
culty, therefore, in selecting the most promi-
nent points of the most important questions
and confining the discussion to them.
I would like, if time would permit, to glance
over the entire political field and touch upon
the prominent points in the history of the
country for the last six or eight years. But
the limited time allowed in debate requires
that I shall touch only upon those matters
deemed most important; and therefore upon
this occasion I shall endeavor to circumscribe
as far as possible the field of remark upon which
I shall enter.
The great question of the day, it seems to
me, Mr. Chairman, is, how are the States now
severed in their practical relations to the Fed-
eral Government to be brought back into their
normal relations to the Government, and
when ?
We have just ended a fearful war. That
war grew out of an effort*of a portion of the
people of eleven States of this Union to throw
off the authority of the Federal Government
and to establish an independent government
of their own. On their part it was begun and
carried on to achieve a separation and an inde-
pendent nationality. On our part it was pros-
ecuted to prevent that result: to maintain the
Constitution and to preserve the integrity of
the Union. Well, sir, we succeeded in accom-
plishing the end we set out to achieve. They
failed. Their armies were crushed ; their navy
destroyed ; and their quasi governments, State
and national, were annihilated utterly. We
achieved the results we designed to achieve ;
we prevented separation and maintained the
Union.
Now, sir, no one can deny that when the
war began the Federal Government had the
legal and constitutional right to jurisdiction over
all the revolted States, and that that right con-
tinued unimpaired in every phase of the con-
test, and was never impaired, at all events
never by our success. This right was perfect
at the beginning, in the middle, and at the
end of the struggle, and has remained perfect
to this hour ; and upon the sole ground that
these States were States of the Union, subject
to its jurisdiction, owing to it obligations, and
entitled to its privileges.
Now, sir, the rebellion suspended the prac-
tical relations of those States with the Govern-
ment ; but as it did not destroy the rights of
the nation or the obligations and privileges of
these States, as soon as the rebellion closed
all these in legal contemplation resume their
" statu quo ante bellum." And the question
is now one of fact as to war or peace. As the
distinguished gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shel-
labarger] remarked in the course of his very
ingenious argument the other day it is now a
question of fact as to war or peace. What is
the fact as to this matter? Forthe treatment of
these States by the Federal Government must
depend upon the relations they sustain to us in
this respect. What is the real status, then, of
j these States? Are they at war with us? Where?
In what manner? Is there any rebel army
now existing? Is there any rebel navy float-
ing upon the ocean and preying upon our com-
merce ? Is there any armed organization of
rebels anywhere within the territorial limits of
these United States making war upon this Gov-
ernment? Is there any civil organization in
this country holding itself in hostility to this
Government? If so, where? As I glance over
our territory I see the declaration officially
made by the Secretary of State of the United
States that peace is restored, verified. I ask
you, sir, and I ask the country, whether we are
not in relations of perfect and profound peace
with every State and with every part of every
State that was engaged in the rebellion. Our
postal relations are resumed; our revenue is
collected, and the governments of these several
States have acknowledged and do acknowledge
the acts of secession and rebellion which they
perpetrated against this Government are null
and void. They acknowledge allegiance to
this Government. And they wait only the
action of this Government as to the terms and
conditions upon which they are to be permitted
to enjoy the precious right of representation
in Congress, the denial of which by the domi-
nant majority is the only remaining obstacle
to complete reunion.
Now, sir, I am one of those who believe our
good and lamented former President had a just
conception of the relation these States bore to
the General Government during the war, and
that he acted upon the right theory in reference
to the proper mode of restoring them to the
relations broken by the war. Did Mr. Lincoln
ever propound the theory that these States had
ceased to be States? Did he ever hold that
they had been guilty of felo de se or suicide,
or that the act of war had destroyed their con-
dition as States? If so, when? In what terms
did he express such an opinion ? Whenever
this great leader of the Union party wrote or
spoke of the rebel sections he named them
States although seceded and at war with the
Government of the United States.
And, sir, this was also the theory recognized
by every Congress that has assembled since the
opening of the war. They have not only ac-
knowledged it in words, but in numerous acts
Congress has passed. Did Congress not provide
for the apportionment of these States by name ?
Did you not receive into the Thirty-Seventh
Congress members elected from the State of
Tennessee after that State had passed into a
hostile league with the confederacy, assuming
to retire from the Union and allying herself
to the southern cause? Was Tennessee as a
State dead or annihilated and her Representa-
tives still received on this floor after her death
and burial? The league was consummated, I
believe, in May, 1861. The election ratifying
the separation of the State from the Union and
its legislative transfer to rebel jurisdiction was
had in June thereafter. Thus if secession and
actual rebellion ever carried out of the Union
or destroyed a State Tennessee was out or
destroyed on the 8th of June, 1861, when, ac-
cording to Governor Harris's official proclama-
tion, the people voted for separation by fifty-
six thousand majority.
Nevertheless, although confederate soldiers
were stationed all through the State, although
at some points they held the polls and our
voters were compelled to march under con-
federate bayonets and banners to the ballot-
box, on the 6th of August, 1861, under these
circumstances, within the confederate lines,
ourmonntarn boys marched to the polls. " keep-
