1867.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1Y1
39th Coxa....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Taylor.
Ho. op Reps.
wrapped in garments dyed with blood fill heroes'
graves—for what? To trample down the laws
—to obliterate the Constitution—to dismember
the Union? No, sir, believe me, no. To res-
cue, to maintain, to perpetuate these priceless
bles^inss they toiled and suffered, they sacri-
fice! and died. The perpetuation of liberty and
constitutional Union was the prize for which
they paid thousands of millions of treasure and
poured out seas of blood. They grappled se-
cession. and triumphed; they throttled rebel-
lion and the prize was won. Lincoln saw the
triumph and died by the hand of the assassin;
and a nation's tears could not bring him back
to life. Now, as secession, rebellion, and war,
as we have shown, did not destroy the States nor
impair their constitutional rights and obliga-
tions, so neither did victory and peace. On the
contrary, the effect of peace was to afford an
opportunity and occasion to the Commander-
in-Chief of the Army and Navy, in discharge j
of his sworn duty, to restore, so far as he had
constitutional authority, the normal relations
between the national Government and the
rebel States, in war suspended by the rude
hand of rebellion. The plan foreshadowed by i
Mr. Lincoln in the case of Tennessee and of
Louisiana was adopted and acted upon by the |
present President in its principles and leading i
features. The blockade was raised, the ports :
reopened to commerce ; postal relations were
gradually resumed; the courts were restored,
and all the machinery of civil law reestablished.
President Johnson proceeded step by step, in
accordance as he had a right to believe with
the policy of the*great Union party as inaugu-
rated bv'his illustrious predecessor, to gather
up and bind together these broken relations.
But the Constitution had limited hispowerover
the subject; and when he had gone as far in
the work as he could go legitimately, he then
stopped.
But he had an advisory power, and he exer-
cised it by advertising Congress that in his
opinion those States were now in a condition
when Congress should consummate the policy
on which he had acted, and reunite the last
broken relation between them and the Federal
Government by restoring to them their repre-
sentation iti that body. That work was one
which Congress, and not the President, was
authorized to perform. But Congress in its
wisdom, willing to act upon its own responsi-
bility, made a departure from the established
policy of Mr. Lincoln and the Union party.
Now, it has been charged that the President
has abandoned his party and turned traitor to
those who elected him. If that be so, then I
must confess that I am too blind to perceive a
fact when it is before me. Is that charge in
accordance with the truths of recent history,
which we know right well? If so, then I have
faded to comprehend the events of the last five
years, upon which I have been intently gazing
"all the time. Sir, who inaugurated the policy
which the present President of the LTnited
States has been endeavoring in good faith to
carry out and consummate? Was it not Abra-
ham Lincoln and the Congress that stood by
him through the war and the great Union
party of which he was the representative until
the day of his death? That is according to my
reading of history, and my understanding of
what it teaches. The President of the United
States has not deserted his former friends;
they have turned away from him. He has
abandoned no policy upon which he was elected;
that policy has been discarded by those who
elected him. And instead of pouring out the
vials of their wrath upon his head they ought
magnanimously to acknowledge that they have
themselves come to the conclusion that some
other policy might prove more profitable than
the one with which they started out with him.
They should blush now to cast blame upon the
President, who is triumphantly vindicated by
history, is consistent with his party and with
himself from the beginning of his connection
with this struggle down to the present day. So
much for some things as we have seen them
and as we now see them. Let us now turn our
attention for a few moments to other facts.
I love theorizing as well as any man; I love
to speculate and philosophize as much as any
one. But when we are dealing with the destinies
of a great nation, when we are endeavoring to
ascertain the condition of the grand national
vessel upon which are embarked the priceless
treasures of this great country's liberty and
prosperity and the hopes of the world, it be-
comes us to turn from theories and specula-
tions to stern existing facts and grapple with
them as statesmen. Let us endeavor to keep
the ship of state in a safe channel, and see to
it that while we try to avoid Scylla we do not
fall upon Charybdis. We should keep her in
her true course by the chart, so that we may
pass through the narrow straits in which wo
are now floundering out upon the broad ocean
of our true destiny.
But I am free to acknowledge here that,
with no fault upon the part of the President,
with no departure by him either from the
theory of his former political friends, the Presi-
dent's policy so-called is to-day, in spite of its
| wisdom, justice, constitutionality, and patriot-
ism, practically a failure before the country
because Congress refuses to adopt it. Not
because it is wrong in theory, not because had
it been carried out it would not have accom-
; plished fully and promptly and happily the
: restoration of this Union, not because of any
i fault in the plan or policy ; but from the fact
| that the people of the States here represented
I have through their Representatives determined
; that it is and shall be a failure. Now, with
! this fact before us, what does it become us as
wise legislators and statesmen to do? Shall
we still cling to that theory and fasten our
hopes and our destiny upon it, and wait to see
what will turn up next? Or does it not become
j ns rather, if we cannot accomplish what we
desire in the particular manner in which we
desire to accomplish it, to look about us and
see if there i3 no other way by which we can
come to the same result? That is the ques-
tion for us to determine.
What is the grand result upon which the eye
and heart of every patriot ought to be intently
fixed? Unquestionably the integrity, the unity,
and prosperity of this nation. Now, I believe
that these Statesare to-day States in the Union;
that is my theory. But what is the practical
fact? They are unrepresented in this Legisla-
ture of the nation. I know they ought to be
represented here; I know these wound? of the
country should be healed; I know this country
should be one grand united whole, having each
of its parts in a condition of perfect equality
with all its other parts. But when I come to
face the facts I find nearly one third of the
States of the Union practically disunited from
the rest; one third nearly of the people of this
nation unrepresented in the national Congress.
They are prostrate in the dust, with their arms
pinioned and powerless either for the develop-
ment of their own physical, moral, and intel-
lectual interests, or for the accomplishment of
one single act calculated to advance the inter-
ests of the nation. Impoverished by war; dis-
pirited by defeat and disaster; emasculated of
all political power and denationalized; their
trade ruined; their labor demoralized; their
past unhappy; their present humiliating;_ then-
future rayless and dark, what stimulus is left
to arouse the people of the ex-rebel States to
activity and labor? Nature has given them a
monopoly of cotton, rice, and sugar, and these
constitute substantially the basis of our_ com-
merce and of our national credit. And just in
proportion as the production of these staples
is scanty or abundant so are all our industries,
our commerce, and our credit damaged or
prospered.
The thrift of the northwestern people greatly
depends upon the production ot these southern
States. The profits of New England looms and
New \ ork and Philadelphia merchants depend
upon the success of farmers and planters, and the
revenues of the country to a large extent depend
upon the manufacturer and the merchant, and
the credit of the nation.npon its revenues.
Who, then, aside from the other important
bearings of this question, can exaggerate the
immense importance of the speedy restoration
of these States to their proper relations to the
national Government?
The incalculable magnitude of the end to be
attained sinks into comparative insignificance
the question as to method or way of attainment.
Entertaining these views, it is my deliberate
judgment that all parties in the South should
yield quietly and in good faith to the pressure
they cannot successfully resist, and hasten to
restore to their respective States the political
power they have ceased to enjog in the national
Government by reconstructing upon such plan
as is offered them by the dominant power in the
Government.
But, sir, where is your constitutional right to
establish a military despotism over one third of
this country? You cannot find it. The bill
contemplating this purpose does not assume
that the power is found in the Constitution,
and it is not found there. Is there no remedy
but that? Can you not under the Constitu-
tion strengthen the arm of the civil power
and spread the protecting aegis of your banner
everywhere over the Union men of the South?
Then, sir, do it quickly if there is need, and
save the Government. Cut it not down ; leave
it still to flourish for our children and their
children and for the latest posterity.
Mr. Chairman, the nation looks to the ma-
jority of this Congress to save and restore the
Government, not to destroy it. A fearful re-
sponsibility is upon you, and the American
people will hold you to a strict account. I
believe the plan of the President, had you
adopted it, would long since have settled every
difficulty, quieted every trouble, harmonized
every interest, and brought unparalleled pros-
perity to the whole land. But you have re-
jected it and made it a failure. For Heaven's
sake and the country's, then, offer us some rea-
sonable, fair and magnanimous plan as a sub-
stitute, and make it a finality. I will support
such a measure as a finality if consistent with
my oath to support the Constitution ; and if I
cannot support I will not oppose it if it be a
finality and the best you will offer. You have
the power, exercise it, and upon some basis
or other, even if it be a bad one, restore these
States to their rights of representation, and let
our reunited country once more press forward
to the front of all nations in civilization, pros-
perity, and happiness.
Mr. Chairman, I find that I have been be-
trayed much further in this direction than I
had intended, yet I have only just entered the
threshold of the argument. But, sir, before I
conclude mv remarks there is another matter
to which I desire to call the attention of this
body and the country; and that is the just
unsettled and unpaid claims which the loyal
people of Tennessee have upon this Govern-
ment. I hold, Mr. Chairman, that those claims
are as sacred as any this Government ever con-
tracted to its citizens. You know, sir, some-
thing of the history of Tennessee during the
war. You know that when that dark period
came upon the southern country, when the sun
of liberty was for the time obscured, and when
the Union people of that region could see no
light, except by the eye of faith, under anil
beyond the clouds that enveloped them, there
were true men all over the State of Tennessee
who were not willing to bow down to the false
idol, secessionism. You know, sir, that the
stormy sea of insurrection rolled over the gal-
lant, the brave, devoted, loyal raeuvof that
State; and though they bent to the waves and
bowed to the storm that crushed them, yet tliey
rose again and stood as they had been from the
