172
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 16,
Ho. of Reps.
Reconstruction—Mr.JTaylor.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
beginning, true to the Government of their
fathers and the flag of their country.
The history of those loyal people of that
State will never be fully written. It never can
be written. The services of the loyal men of
Tennessee will never be fully known. Their
sacrifices are as little, perhaps less, known
than their services; and tneir sufferings human
tongue cannot tell, human pencil can never
delineate. Sir, if I had time I would love to
go into a narration of what I myself know of
the services, sacrifices, and sufferings of that
gallant people. I can only refer briefly to
what I know of that particular section of the
State I have the honor in part to represent.
And when I speak of the services, sacrifices,
and sufferings of the loyal citizens of East
Tennessee I only reproduce the imperfect and
partial history of every loyal neighborhood, of
every loyal man and family in the State.
Sir, what are the facts. If you will look
upon the map you will see that our section of
the State was like a notch in the southern con-
federacy. But, although located within its bor-
ders, we were not willingly a part of the rebel-
lion ; in proof of which you need only look
to the vote of February, 1861, when the State
was not under the control of rebel bayonets,
when the people were free to act without re-
straint or compulsion. What was that vote?
About sixty-four thousand majority for the
Union and against the rebellion. Is there a
State north of the line that under.similar cir-
cumstances could have brought out a larger
Union vote in proportion to population ? I
think not, sir. It is true that subsequently,
under the powerful pressure of mHitary rule,
which was shortly afterward extended over
us, the public demonstration of Union senti-
ments was suppressed for a season. But it is
equally true that in June, 1861, four months
after the first vote East Tennessee, surrounded
by enemies as she was, enemies hating her
none the less because her people were their
brethren by blood, schooled in the same polit-
ical views, educated under the same social
institutions, but now antipodal on vital ques'
tions, East Tennessee though thus surrounded
and penetrated everywhere by rebel soldiers,
gave in June, 1861, nearly thirty-five thou-
sand votes for the Union to seven thousand
against it.
Now, sir, they maintained that wonderful
unanimity of sentiment throughout the subse-
quent history of the war. Our mountain boys,
descended as they were from the hardy frontier
patriots of the Revolution, who had snatched vic-
toryfrom the British standard at King's mount-
ain—before Tennessee was born—-grandsons as
they w-ere of the brave men who made ever
memorable the names and deeds of the Horse-
Shoe, of Talladega, and Emuckfau, and gave
to immortality by their heroism at New Or-
leans the illustrious name of Jackson—par-
ticipants, as many of them were, or sons of
participants in the brilliant achievements of
American arms in the Mexican war; receiv-
ing existence through patriot lineage, drawing
infant nourishment from loyal breasts, and
reared to manhood in the unfettered freedom
of our grand old mountains, had ever asso-
ciated the ideas of liberty of the grandest and
most perfect Government, of security, happi-
ness, and glory with the banner of the Union.
The Decalogue graven in stone by the finger
of God, and the Ark of the Covenant in the
esteem of the ancient Jews were not more
sacred than were the "Constitution and the
Union" in the estimation of our East Tennes-
see population. Under the Constitution and
within the Union they were born, and had
enjoyed all the privileges, benefits, and bless-
ings, all the security, liberty, and happiness any
earth-born Government could confer, and knew
the burdens of Government only in theory.
The graves of their fathers, the homes of their
childhood, their fertile fields and magnificent
forests, their picturesque hills and nestling
dells, their bubbling fountains whose laughing
waters went dancing through green meadows,
their rich broad valleys and towering mount-
ains, sublimely majestic in their rugged vast-
ness, among whose beetling crags the eagle
builds her nest and rears her young ones, all
the wild, ever-varying, and transcendently en-
chanting scenery on which they have gazed
from childhood with an admiration and love
too fond ior utterance; their most cherished
memories, their most joyous anticipations and
hopes, all they ever had, and all they desired
in the future, all were associated intimately and
indissolubly with the Union. To "theUnion"
they were consecrated in infancy, to it they
were betrothed in youth, in nlanhood wedded,
and to it resolved to be religiously faithful unto
death. To them secession was lunacy, rebel-
lion an unpardonable sin, dismemberment im-
possible and absurd, whether peaceful or by !
force. Though surprised, they were not aston- j
ished at the war when it came, for no people
were more thoroughly posted upon the issues
that went before it. j
They had sworn upon the altars of their sires ,
they would die rather than strike at the bosom of
their mother country, and right well they have
kept their vows ; for although many rugged,
steep, and lofty mountains reared themselves
like impassable barriers between their) homes
and the flag they loved, yet when the drum
of the confederacy beat the alarm, when the
shrill fife, calling the conscript to rebellion,
echoed through their hills, everywhere the
young men of East Tennessee sped from their
once happy homes. Confederate cavalry and
infantry already fill the land; guards are sta-
tioned ; scouts are on the lookout; spies are
prying and watching everywhere. The con-
scripts have all been enrolled. The day for
the rendezvous is fixed when our boys must
willingly or by force shoulder arms in the rebel
cause and march. Night lets down her cur-
tains of darkness once more before that fatal
day. Ah 1 how many a scalding tear-drop,
traced sorrows, pallid cheek, that night! How
many a bitter curse was whispered out of
young hearts, surcharged with righteous wrath,
through parched lips! How many a prayer
from breaking hearts was breathed in sighs
into God's ear that awful night! Lift gently
the latch and enter with me this rude dwelling
here in the shadow of the hill. See! mid-
night has come. The hour of departure is
here. That youthful conscript of twenty sum-
mers is taking his farewell—perhaps the last
on earth—of the idols of his soul. About his
neck are a sister's arms. He kneels to re-
ceive the benediction of his gray-haired sire,
his mother's fond, fondest maternal kiss, her
heart-breaking baptism of tears, the sob-
bing adieus of all: "Fly, my son," the old
man cries; "seek the flag of your country,
and if you must die, die in its defense and fill
a Union soldier's grave. Your grandfather
fell at King's mountain; your father heard Old
Hickory at New Orleans, when he told us boys
to take steady aim and hold our fire till we
could see the whites of British eyes; then
pull trigger and let fly the leaden storm. Be
true to their memory, their country, and God.
God bless you, my son. Away!" And away
he breaks from all the sweetest endearments
of life, through the darkness, to seek the pilot
at his secret rendezvous.
Sir, could you have witnessed all the mourn-
ful scenes enacted in the humble homes of
East Tennessee on that night of sad separa-
tions, and on many a similar night through
that cruel war; could you have seen that knap-
sacked throng at their gathering place in the
heart of that solemn forest at midnight, when
eacli one entered with silent, stealthy tread,
and reported to the guide in whispers; could
you have read the history made that night by
their bleeding hearts and the bleeding hearts
they left at home trembling in the bosoms of
grief-stricken, gray-haired parents, bereaved
wives, and tender children, left unprovided and
unprotected, you would comprehend the mean-
ing of anguish, of sorrow, of agony, of heart-
breaking; you could know something of the
value of loyalty by estimating its price.
The next day came on rapid wings: But few
Union boys were there to be mustered in! The
undetailed conscripts have suddenly vanished!
They answer not at roll-call, nor are they found
at home. But where are they? Let me sketch
you a picture, and you will see them in it start-
ing from the canvas into life. The country is
swarming with rebel soldiers, horse and foot.
The towns, villages, and cross-roads, the fords
and passes and paths are guarded. Troopers
are scouring hill and valley, forest and field,
searching attic and cellar, stable and out-house
and barn. The sun is down; but the moon
sends a subdued and uncertain light along the
forest-crowned summit of yon tall mountain
spur, which reaches northwestwardly far down
into Powell's valley and breaks the (Jarkness
of the laurel chaparal by chance rays that
penetrate the leafy gloom. Beyond the foot of
the ridge is heard the ceaseless noise of the
river, whose waters are thick with floating ice.
Still beyond is the bold outline of the Cumber-
land mountain, whose summit is the Kentucky
line. A public highway traverses the valley
northeast to southwest. Along this road at
narrow intervals are stationed rebel guards who
have already been posted for the night, while
mounted men are galloping everywhere on
watchful patrol. Now, if you will look nar-
rowly toward the laurel covert near the summit
of the mountain spur, you will perceive moving
out among the trees upon the pathless crest of
the spur, with cautious steps which sink into
the snow that lingers there, one, two, three,
ten, twenty men, with staves and knapsacks,
in Indian file, under the command of a watch-
ful and sagacious guide. During the day, as
they have done every day since they left their
homes, they have rested and slept in some
unvisited forest or mountain gorge, and awak-
ing at night-fall, have started again with the
thickening shadows of twilight upon their
perilous pilgrimage. This is the same group
you saw that sorrowful night leaving their ren-_
dezvous to escape conscription and to seek
their country's flag. Since you saw them they
have threaded many a forest maze, dodged
many a rebel camp, escaped many a squad
of rebel scouts, waded many a stream, and
climbed many a precipitous mountain ridge.
Now, they are worn, weary, shivering with cold,
on half rations, with a doubly guarded line of
hostile bayonets to pass and a mad river, white
with floating ice, to ford. The danger must be
bravely met, the gauntlet of the valley run, the
icy river crossed, and the steep barrier of the
Cumberland surmounted before another dawn,
or woe betide that little band. " March!" the
word passes from front to rear along the line in
whispers. Forward, each with his eye on his
file leader so silently, so cautiously, you may
see them move along the declining ridge, but
you may not hear their tread. Now and again
the pilot pauses, leans forward, peers intently
before and around, listens, with a hand as a
sounding board behind each ear, to catch the
sound or sight of lurking dangers. His pause
signals each, and all obey, and every eye and
ear is acting sentinel. Halt! The edge of the
wood, the foot of the ridge is reached, the dim
line of the road is visible, and lo ! there is the
watch-fire of the rebel guard, and sentinels'
muskets are visible; their footsteps in the
frozen road are distinctly audible.
The pilot motions silence and glides off in the
shadows of the forest edge. In a brief space
he resumes his post. A short whisperis breathed
along the line. Diverging at right angles to
th§ir line of march, keeping in the shadow of
the wood and nearly parallel to the road, half
bent and in perfect silence they creep rather
than walk, four hundred yards to a point where
the road touches the wood on their side of it, and
