ISO
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 22,
39th Cong. ...2d Sess.
Lciios of the United States.
Chap. VI.—An Act to Regulate the Elective
Franchise in the District of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That, from and after the
passage of this act, each and every male per-
son, excepting paupers and persons under
guardianship, of the age of twenty-one years
and upward, who has not been convicted of
any infamous crime or offense, and excepting
persons who may have voluntarily given aid
and comfort to the rebels in the late rebellion,
and who shall have been born or naturalized
in the United States, and who shall have re-
sided in the said District for the period of one
year, and three months in the ward or election
precinct in which he shall offer to vote, next
preceding any election therein, shall be enti-
tled to the elective franchise, and shall be
deemed an elector and entitled to vote at any
election in said District, without any distinc-
tion on account of color or race.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That any
person whose duty it shall be to receive votes
at any election within the District of Columbia,
who shall willfully refuse to receive, or who
shall willfully reject, the vote of any person
entitled to such right under this act, shall be
liable to an action of tort by the person in-,
jured, and shall be liable, on indictment and
conviction, if such act was done knowingly, to
a fine not exceeding five thousand dollars, or
to imprisonment for a term not exceeding one
year in the jail of said District, or to both.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That if
any person or persons shall willfully jnterrupt
or disturb any such elector in the exercise of
such franchise, he 6r they shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and, on conviction
thereof, shall be fined in any sum not to exceed
one thousand dollars, or be imprisoned in the
jail in said District for a period not to exceed
thirty days, or both,, at the discretion of the
court.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of the several courts having
criminal jurisdiction in said District to give
this act in special charge to the grand jury at
the commencement of each term of the court
next preceding the holding of any general or
city election in said District.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
mayors and aldermen of the cities of Washing-
ton and Georgetown, respectively, on or before
the first day of March, in each year, shall pre-
pare a list of the persons they judge to be qual-
ified to vote in the several wards of said cities
in any election ; and said mayors and alder-
men shall be in open session to receive evi-
dence of the qualification of persons claiming
the right to vote in any election therein, and
for correcting said list, on two days in each
year, not exceeding five days prior to the
annual election for the choice of city officers,
giving previous notice of the time and place of
each session in some newspaper printer in said
District.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That on
or before the first day of March the mayors
and aldermen of said cities shall post up a list,
of voters thus prepared in one or more public
places in said cities, respectively, at least ten
days prior to said annual election.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
officers presiding at any election shall keep
and use the check-list herein required at the
polls during the election of all officers, and no
vote shall be received unless delivered by the
voter in person, and not until the presiding
officer has had opportunity to be satisfied of
his identity, and shall find his name on the list
and mark it, and ascertain that his vote is
single.
Skc. 8. And be it further enacted, That it is
hereby declared unlawful for any person, di-
rectly or indirectly, to promise, offer, or give,
or procure or cause- to be promised, offered,
or given, any money, goods, right in action,
bribe, present, or reward, or any promise,
understanding, obligation, or security for the
payment or delivery of any money, goods,
right in action, brib#, present, or reward, or
any other valuable thing whatever, to any per-
son with intent to influence his vote to be given
at any election hereafter to be held within the
District of Columbia ; and every person so
offending shall, on conviction thereof, be fined ;
in any sum not exceeding two thousand dol-
lars, or imprisoned not exceeding two years,
or both, at the discretion of the court.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That any
person who shall accept, directly or indirectly,
any money, goods, right in action, bribe, pres-
ent, or reward, or any promise, understanding,
obligation, or security for the payment or-
delivery of any money, goods, right in action,
bribe, present, or reward, or any other valua- j
ble thing whatever, to influence his vote at any
election hereafter to be held in the District of
Columbia, shall, on conviction, be imprisoned
not less than one year and be forever dis- \
franchised. I
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That all
acts and parts of acts inconsistent with this !
act be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
LA FAYETTE S. FOSTER,
President of the Senate pro tempore.
In Senate of the United States,
January 7, 1867. j
The President of the United States having j
returned to the Senate, in which it originated, '
the bill entitled "An act to regulate the elect- j
ive franchise in the District of Columbia," \
with his objections' thereto, the Senate pro- |
ceeded in pursuance of the Constitution to
reconsider the same, and
Resolved, That the said bill do pass, two
thirds of the Senate agreeing to pass the same.
Attest: J. W. FORNEY,
Secretary of the Senate.
In the House of Representatives of the
United States, January 8, 1867.
The House of Representatives having pro-
ceeded, in pursuance of the Constitution, to
reconsider the bill entitled "An act to regulate
the elective franchise in the District of Colum-
bia," returned to the Senate by the President
of the United States, with his objections, and
sent by the Senate to the House of Represent-
atives, with the message of the President re-
turning the bill:
Resolved, That the bill do pass, two thirds
of the House of Representatives agreeing to
pass the same.
Attest:
EDWARD McPHERSON, Clerk.
Chap. VII.—An Act suspending the Payment
of Moneys from the Treasury as Compensa-
tion to Persons claiming the Service or Labor
of Colored Volunteers or Drafted Men, and
for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the final report of
the commissioners provided for in the second
section of the act of Congress entitled "An
act making appropriation for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, and for other purposes," approved July
twenty-eight, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
shall be made, through the Secretary of War,
to Congress; and no money shall be paid from
the Treasury, or from any fund therein, upon
the same, or otherwise, to any claimant under
tie provisions of section twenty-four of the
act approved February twenty-fourth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, entitled "An act to
amead an act entitled 'An act for enrolling
afi4 calling out the national forces, and for
other purposes,' " approved March third, eight-
een hundred and sixty-three, until such report
shall be approved and confirmed by Congress.
Approved, January 14t 1867.
Chap. VIII.—An Act to repeal section thirteen .
of '' An Act to suppress Insurrection, to pun-
" ish Treason and Rebellion, to seize and con-
fiscate the Property of Rebels, and for othsr
purposes," approved July seventeenth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the thirteenth section
of an act entitled "An act to suppress insurrec-
tion, to punish treason and rebellion, to seize
and confiscate the property of rebels, and for
other purposes," approved July seventeenth,
feighteen hundred and sixty-two, be, and the
same is hereby, repealed.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
LA FAYETTE S. FOSTER,
President of the Senate pro tempore.
Indorsed by the President: "Received
Wednesday, January 9, 1867."
[Note by the Department of State.—The
foregoing act having been presented to the
President of the United States for his approval,
and not having been returned by him to the
House of Congress in which it originated within
the time prescribed by the Constitution of the
United States, has become a law without his
approval.]
Chap. IX.—An Act setting aside certain Pro-
ceeds from Internal Revenue for the Erection
of Penitentiaries in the Territories of Ne:
braska, Washington, Colorado, Idaho, Mon-
tana, Arizona, and Dakota.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the net proceeds of
the internal revenue of the Territories of Ne-
braska, Washington, Colorado, Idaho, Mon-
tana, Arizona, and Dakota, for the fiscal years
severally ending on the thirtieth day of June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, the thirtieth
day of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven,
and the thirtieth day of June, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight, be, and the same hereby are,
set aside and appropriated to and for the pur-
pose of erecting, under "the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, penitentiary buildings
in said several Territories, at such places therein
as have been or may be designated by the Le-
gislatures thereof, and approved by the Secre-
tary of the Interior: Provided, That the mon-
eys so set aside and appropriated in each of
said Territories shall be devoted exclusively to
the erection of a penitentiary in the Territory
in which the same has been and shall be col-
lected, and not in any other, and that the same
shall not exceed in amount the sum of twenty
thousand dollars in said Territory of Washing-
ton, and forty thousand dollars in each of the
said Territories of Nebraska, Colorado, Idaho,
Montana, Arizona, and Dakota.
AppnovEDt January 22, 1867.
Chap. X.—An Act to fix the Times for the
regular Meetings of Congress.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That in addition to the
present regular times of meeting of Congress,
there shall be a meeting of the Fortieth Con-
gress of the United States, and of each suc-
ceeding Congress thereafter, at twelve o'clock
meridian, on the fourth day of March, the day
on which the term begins for which the Con-
guess is elected, except that when the fourth
of March occurs on Sunday, then the meeting
shall take place at the same hour on the next
sncceeding day.
