1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That no
person who was a member of the previous
Congress shall receive any compensation as
mileage for going to or returning from the
additional session provided for by the fore-
going section.
Approved, January 22, 1867.
Chap. XI.—An Act in regard to the Compen-
sation of Route Agents in the Post Office
Department.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Postmaster Gen-
eral be authorized to pay route agents in the
service of the Post Office Department any sum
not less than nine hundred dollars nor more
than twelve hundred dollars per annum.
Approved, January 22, 1807.
Chap. XII.—An Act to incorporate the Na-
tional Safe Deposit Company of Washington,
in the District of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That A. R. Shepherd, Wil-
liam S. Huntington, S. P. Brown, G. W. Riggs,
Nathaniel Wilson, G. H. Plant, together with
the subscribers to the stock of the associa-
tion hereby created, and their successors and
assigns, shall be, and they are hereby declared
to be, a body politic and corporate, by the name
and style, of the National Safe Deposit Com-
pany of Washington, and by that name shall
have succession, and be capable in law to sue
and be sued, plead and be impleaded, answer
and be answered, defend and be defended in
all courts of law and equity and elsewhere, to
make and to use a commoa seal, and the same
to alter or renew at pleasure, and generally to
do and perform all things relative to the object
of this institution, which is now or shall be
lawful for any individual or body politic or
corporate to do.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
capital stock of said company shall- consist of
a sum not exceeding two hundred thousand
dollars, divided into two thousand shares, of
one hundred dollars each, and that^o soon as
one fourth of the shares have been subscribed
for, and twenty-five dollars per share paid at
the time of subscribing, and the balance se-
cured to be paid, then this company shall be
competent to transact all kintjs of business for
which it is established.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
corporators heretofore named, or any three of
them, shall open books of subscription for the
capital stock of this company hereby incorpo-
rated, at such time and in such suitable place
in the city of Washington as they may think
proper, and shall receive the installments on
the stock of said company provided for in sec-
tion second, and shall deliver the money so
paid to the board of directors so soon as they
shall be appointed and prepared to receive the
same.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
stockholders composing this company, or their
representatives by proxy, shall, on such day
as they or a majority of them shall determine,
choose by ballot from among said stockhold-
ers seven directors to serve for one year, or
until others are chosen, each stockholder to
have one vote for every five shares of stock,
and the directors so chosen shall, at their first
meeting, choose by ballot a president and vice
president from among their own body, and in
case of death, resignation, or disqualification
of the president or vice president, or a director
or directors, shall proceed to elect another or
anothers to fill the vacancy for the remainder of
the year.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
president, vice president, and directors of said
company shall be, and they are hereby, author-
ized and empowered to receive and keep on
special deposit all such valuables, gold, silver,
or paper money, bullion, precious metals, jew-
els, plate, certificates of stock, or evidence of
indebtedness, deeds, or muniments of title, or
other valuable papers of any kind, orany other
article or thing whatsoever, which may bo left
or deposited for safe-keeping with said company,
and shall be entitled to charge such commis-
sions or compensation thereforas may be agreed
upon ; and for the complete preservation and
safe-keeping thereof shall construct, erect,
I j lease, or purchase, such fire-proof and burglar-
j, proof building or buildings, vaults, iron, or com-
i; position safes or other means which may become
|1 necessary, and generally to transact and per-
, form all the business relating to the safe-keep-
ing or preservation of all such articles or valu-
[ ables as maj^ be deposited with said company,
! and also to invest the capital or other funds
belonging to the said company, from time to
time, in the public funds of the United States,
or in any stock or property whatsoever, and to
dispose of the said stocks, money, and property
in such manner (not contrary to law) as to
them shall appear most advantageous to said
company.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the
president, vice president, and directors, shall
declare dividends of the profits of the corpora-
tion, annually or semi-annually, as they may
deem best; and in case of any loss or losses,
whereby the capital shall be diminished, no
subsequent dividend shall be made until a sum
equal to such diminution, arising from the
profits of the corporation or contributions of
stockholders, shall be added to the capital.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
president, vice president, and directors of the
corporation hereby created, shall have power
to enact and adopt such rules, regulations, and
by-laws for the government and management
of the affairs of said corporation as they may
deem advantageous to the interest thereof.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That
nothing herein contained shall be taken or con-
strued to give the corporation hereby created
the power to issue or circulate as currency any
bill, note, token, or evidence of indebtedness
of its own creation ; nor be deemed to author-
ize the said corporation to pay interest on
deposits of money, securities, or any other
property deposited with it; and the operations
of this corporation shall be confined to the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Approved, January 22, 1867.
Chap. XY.—An Act to Regulate the Elective
Franchise in the Territories of the United
States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That from and after the
passage of this act there shall be no denial of
the elective franchise in any of the Territories
of the United States, now, or hereafter to be
organized, to any citizen thereof, on account
of race, color, or previous condition of servi-
tude ; and all acts or parts of acts, either of
Congress or the Legislative Assemblies of said
Territories, inconsistent with the provisions of
this act are hereby declared null and void.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
LA FAYETTE S. FOSTER,
President of the Senate pro tempore.
Indorsed by the President: "Received on
the 14th January, 1867."
[Note by the Department of State.—The
foregoing act having been presented to the
President of the United States for his approval,
and not having been returned by him to the
House of Congress in which it originated within
the time prescribed by the Constitution of the
United States, has become a law without his
approval.]
Chap. XVI.—An Act to incorporate the Wash-
ington County Horse Railroad Company in
the District of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Samuel P. Brown,
Francis Mattingly, Noble D. Larner, Marshall
Brown, and Joseph L. Pearson, and their asso-
ciates and assigns, be, and they are hereby,
created a body-corporate under the name of the
"Washington County Horse Railroad Com-
pany,' ' with authority to construct and lay down
a double or single track railway, -with the neces-
sary switches and turn-outs, in the county of
Washington, in the Districtof Columbia, as fol-
lows : Commencing at Boundary street, at its
intersection with Fourteenth street, and along
the Fourteenth street road in a northerly direc-
tion, to a point where said road intersects a new
road recently opened by the levy court, and along
said new road in an easterly direction, to the
Seventh street turnpike, and along said turn-
pike in a southerly direction to Boundary street:
Provided, That the consent of the board of
directors of the Seventh Street Turnpike Com-
pany be first obtained for the use of their road,
with the right to run public carriages thereon,
and receiving therefor a rate of fare not ex-
ceeding ten cents a passenger for any distance
on said road.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
said railroad shall be deemed real estate, and
it, with the other real and personal property of
said body-corporate, shall be liable to taxation
as other real estate and personal property in
the county aforesaid, except as hereinafter
provided.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
said railway shall be laid in the most approved
manner adapted for street railways. And the
tracks shall not be more than six nor less than
four feet apart, and the gauge the same as that
of the street railways in the city of Washing-
ton.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
tracks of the said railway shall be laid in such
a manner as will least interfere with the or-
dinary travel of the roads over which the said
tracks shall be laid.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That this
act may at any time be altered, amended, or
repealed by the Congress of the United States.
Sec. 6. Andbeit further enacted, Thatnoth-
ing in this act shall be so construed as to au-
thorize said body-corporate to issue any note,
token, device, scrip, or other evidence of debt
to be used as currency.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
capital stock of said company shall be not less
than two nor more than five hundred thousand
dollars, and that the stock shall be divided into
shares of fifty dollars each, and shall be deemed
personal property, transferable in such manner
as the by-laws of said company may direct.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the
said company shall place first-class cars on said
railway, with all the modern improvements for
the convenience and comfort of passengers ;
and shall run cars thereon daily as often as the
public convenience may require.
Sec. 9. Andbeit further enacted, That said
company shall procure such passenger-rooms,
ticket-officas, stables, and depots at such points
as the business of the railroad and the con-
venience of the public may require. And the
said company is hereby authorized to lay such
rails as may be necessary for the parpose of
connecting the said stables and depots with
main tracks. And the said company is hereby
authorized to purchase or lease such lands or
buildings as may be necessary for passenger-
rooms, ticket-offices, stables, and depots above
mentioned.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That all
articles of value that may be inadvertently left
in the cars, or other vehicles of said company,
shall be taken to their principal depot and en-
tered in a book of record of unclaimed goods,
