182
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 31,
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Latvs of the United States.
which book shall be open to the inspection of
the public at all reasonable hours of business.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted. That
said corporation shall, on demand of the Pres-
ident of the United States, Secretary of War,
or Secretary of the Navy, cause to be trans-
ported over said railway any freight cars laden ;
with freight for the use of the United States;
the officers causing such service to be done
shall pay a reasonable compensation therefor.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That
within thirty days after the passage of this
act the corporators named in the first section, 1
or a majority of them, or if any refuse or
neglect to act, then a majority of the re-
mainder, shall cause the books of subscrip-
tion .to the capital stock of said company to
be opened and kept open in some conveni-
ent and accessible place in the city of Wash-
ington, from nine o'clock in the forenoon
until three o'clock in the afternoon, for a pe-
riod to be fixed by said corporators, not less
than two days, and said corporators shall give
public notice, by advertisement in the daily
papers published in the city of Washington,
of the time when and the place where said
books shall be opened ; and subscribers upon
said books to the capital stock of the company
shall be. held to be stockholders: Provided,
That every subscriber shall pay at the time of
subscribingtwenty-fiveper centum oftheamount
by him subscribed to the treasurer appointed
by the corporators, or his subscription shall
be null and void. If a larger amount than the
capital stock of said company shall have been
subscribed, the books shall be closed, and the
said corporators named in the first section
shall forthwith proceed to apportion said capi-
tal stock among the subscribers pro rata, and
make pub[l]ic proclamation of the number of
shares allotted to each, which shall be done
and completed on the same day that the books
are closed: Provided further, That nothing
shall be received in payment of the twenty-five
per centum, at the time of subscribing, except
money. And when the books of subscription
to the capital stock of said company shall be
closed, the corporators named in the first sec-
tion, or a majority of them, and in case any
of them refuse or neglect to act, then a major-
ity of the remainder, shall, within twenty days
thereafter, call a meeting for the choice of
directors, of which public notice shall be given
for five days in two public newspapers pub-
lished daily in the city of Washington, or by
written personal notice to each stockholder by
the clerk of the corporation ; and in all meet-
ings of the stockholders each share shall en-
title the holder to one vote, to be given in
person or by proxy.
Sec. 13. And be it furthtr enacted, That the
government and direction of the affairs of the
company shall be vested in a board of direct-
ors, seven in number,-who shall be stockhold-
ers, and who shall hold their office for one year,
and till others are duly elected and qualified to
take their places as directors; ana the said
directors (a majority of whom, the president
being one, shall be a quorum) shall elect one
of their number to be president of the board,
who shall also be president of the company,
and they shall also choose a treasurer, who
shall give bonds with surety to said company,
in such sum as the said directors may require,
for the faithful discharge of his trust. In case
of a vacancy in the board of directors, by the
death, resignation, or otherwise of any di-
rector, the vacancy occasioned thereby shall
be filled by the remaining directors.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That
the directors shall have full power to make
and prescribe such by-laws, rules, and regula-
tions as they shall deem needful and proper,
touching the disposition and management of
the stock, property, estate, and effects of the
company, not contrary to the charter or to the
laws of the United States.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That
there 'shall be an annual meeting of the stock-
holders, for choice of directors, to be holden
at such time and place, under such conditions,
and upon such notice as said company by their
by-laws may prescribe, and said directors shall
annually make a report to the stockholders
and to Congress oP their doings.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That
the said company shall have, at all times, the
free and uninterrupted use of their roadway;
and if any person or persons shall willfully
and unnecessarily obstruct or impede the pas-
sage on or over said railway or any part thereof,
err shall injure or destroy the cars, depot sta-
tions, or any property belonging to said rail-
way company, the person or persons so offend-
ing shall forfeit and pay for every such offense
the sum of twenty dollars to said company,
and shall remain liable, in addition to the said [
penalty, for any loss or damage occasioned by
his, her, or their act, as aforesaid, but no suit
shall be brought unless commenced within
sixty days after such offense shall have been
committed.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That
the said company shall make and complete
said railway within one year after the organi-
zation of the same.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That
all acts and parts of acts heretofore passed
which are inconsistent with any of the pro-
visions for the purposes of this act are hereby
repealed, so far as the same are inconsistent
herewith.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That
the levy court of the county of Washington
are hereby prohibited from doing any act or
thing to hinder, delay, or obstruct the con-
struction or operation of said railroad as
herein authorized, but Congress may, at any
time, alter, amend, or repeal this act.
Approved, January 31, 1867.
Chap. XVII.—An Act to incorporate the First
Congregational Society of VVashington.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Oliver 0. Howard,
Silas H. Hodges, Daniel L. Eaton, Henry A.
Brewster, Charles H. Bliss, Ezra L. Stevens,
Benjamin £'. Morris, Daniel Tyler, Llewellyn
Deane, and Calvin S. Mattoon, and their asso-
ciates, are hereby created a body politic and
corporate, by the name of " The First Con-
gregational Society of Washington;" and as
such may purchase, hold, and convey real
and personal estate, make contracts, sue and
be sued, plead and be impleaded, and may
exercise all other powers incident to corpora-
tions, and usually enjoyed by them, and such
as are requisite to enable them to sustain reli-
gious worship in Washington, in the District
ofColumbia, and to erect and maintain edifices
for that purpose and parsonages; and said
society shall be exempt from any taxes to be
assessed upon their property, under the au-
thority of Congress, or of the District of Co-
lumbia, or the city or county of Washington:
Provided, That the amount of the value of
the real estate shall not exceed one hundred
thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
first meeting of said society shall be holden at
the time and place at which a majority of the
persons hereinabove named shall assemble for
that purpose, and six days' notice shall be
given each of said corporators ; at which meet-
ing, and at all annual meetings and at all
meetings specially called for that object, said
society may enact, amend, or repeal by laws
regulating the government of said society;
prescribing the number, character, and duties
of their officers, and the manner of their elec-
tion; defining the terms on which members
may be admitted tg it, and shall cease to be
snch ; and providing in all things for the man-
agement of the affairs of said society, or for
securing its interests and welfare.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
powers of this corporation shall vest in a board
of trustees, who shall be chosen as provided
by the by-laws, and shall consist of five per-
sons, and shall have perpetual succession, each
one holding his office until his successor is
chosen and qualified.
Approved, January 31, 1867.
Chap. XXVI.—An Act to punish certain Crimes
in relation to the Public Securities and Cur-
rency, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America
in Congress assembled, That if any person or
persons shall buy, sell, exchange, transfer,
receive, or deliver, any false, forged, counter-
feited, or altered bond, bill, certificate of in-
debtedness, certificate of deposit, coupon, draft,
check, bill of exchange, money order, indorse-"
ment, United States note, Treasury note, circu-
lating note, postage stamp, revenue stamp,
postage-stamp note, fractional note, or other
obligation or security of. the United States, or
circulating note of any banking association
organized or acting under the laws of the Uni-
ted States, which has been issued or may here-
after be issued under any actof Congress here-
tofore passed, or which may hereafter be passed,
with the intent, expectation, or belief, that the
same shail or will be passed, altered, published,
or used as true and genuine, such person or
persons so offending shall be deemed guilty
of felony, and on conviction thereof shall be
imprisoned not more than ten years, or fined
not exceeding five thousand dollars, or both,
at the discretion of the court.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it
shall not be lawful to design, engrave, print,
or in any manner make or execute, or to utter,
issue, distribute, circulate, or use any business
or professional card, notice, placard, circular,
handbill, or advertisement, in the likeness or
similitude of any bond, certificate of indebted-
ness, certificate of deposit, coupon; United
States note, Treasury note, circulating note,
fractional note, postage-stamp note, or other
obligation or security of the United States, or
of any banking association organized or acting
under the Igws thereof, which has been or may
be issued under or authorized by any act of
Congress heretofore passed or which may here-
after be passed. And any person or persons
offending against the provisions of this section
shall be subject to a penalty of one hundred
dollars, to be recovered by an action of debt,
one half to the use of the informer.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it
shall not be lawful to write, print, or other-
wise impress upon any bond, certificate of
indebtedness, or other instrument specified in
the last preceding section, any business or
professional card, notice, or advertisement, or
any notice, or advertisement of any goods,
wares, or merchandise, or of any drug or med-
icine, or of any invention or patent, or of any
other matter or thing whatsoever; and any
person or persons offending against the pro-
visions of this section shall be subject to a
penalty of one hundred dollars, to be recov-
ered by an action for debt, one half to the use
of the informer.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That if
any person shall, without authority from the
United States, take, procure, make, or cause
to be taken, procured, or made, upon lead,
foil, wax, plaster, paper, or any other sub-
stance or material, an impression, stamp, or
imprint of, from, or by the use of, any bed-
plate, bed-piece, die, roll, plate, seal, type, or
other tool, implement, instrument, or thing,
used, or fitted or intended to be used, in print-
ing, stamping, or impressing, or in making
other tools, implements, instruments, or things
to be used, or fitted or intended to be used, in
printing, stamping, or impressing any kind or
description of bond, bill, note, certificate,
coupon, or other paper, obligation, security, or
