1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
Laics of the United States.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
erty, being the property of a head of the family
or householder, shall be exempt from distraint, |
attachment, levy, and sale on execution or I
deeree of any court in the District of Co-
lumbia : Provided, however, That this exemp-
tion shall not interfere with the foreclosure of
any mortgage or deed of trust .executed before
the passage of this act, to. wit: All wearing
apparel belonging to all persons, and to all
heads of families, being householders; all ;
beds, bedding, household furniture, stoves,
cooking utensils, and so forth, not exceed-
ing three hundred dollars in value; provisions
for three months' support, whether provided
or growing; fuel for three months; mechan-
ics' tools and implements of the debtor's trade
or business amounting to two hundred dol- ]
lars in value, with two hundred dollars' worth
of stock for carrying on the business of the
debtor or his family; the library and imple- i
ments of a professional man or artist to the j
value of three hundred dollars; one horse, i
mule, or yoke of oxen; one cart, wagon, or :
drav, and harness for such team; farming
utensils, with food for such team for three
months, and if the debtor be a farmer, any
other fanning tools of the value of one hun-
dred dollars; all family pictures, and all the
family library, not exceeding in value four
hundred dollars; one cow, one swine, six
sheep. And no deed of trust, bill of sale, or
mortgage upon any of said exempted articles,
shall be binding or valid unless signed by the
wife of the debtor, if he be married and living
with his wife ; and these exemptions shall be
valid when the said property is in transitu, the
same as if the property were at rest: Provided,
however, That no property named and ex-
empted in this act shall be exempted from
attachment or execution for any debt due for
the wages of servants, common laborers, or
clcrks, except the wearing apparel, beds and
bedding, and household furniture and provis-
ions for the debtor and family.
Approved, February 5, 1867.
Chap. XXXI.—An Act to punish Illegal Voting
in the District of Columbia, and for other
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That any person not duly
qualified to vote in the District of Columbia
who, knowing that he is not so qualified, shall
vote or offer to vote therein, or who shall pro-
cure or attempt to procure himself to be regis-
tered therein as a voter, shall be punished by
imprisonment not exceeding six months and
not less than two months.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That if
any person, being a qualified voter in said Dis-
trict, shall knowingly vote or attempt to vote
in any other ward or election precinct than that
in which he shall be lawfully entitled to vote,
or shall unlawfully and knowingly vote or at-
tempt to vote more than once, or in more than
one ward ol election precinct, or shall so vote
double therein, he shall be punished by im-
prisonment not exceeding six months and not
less than two months, and shall be disqualified
from voting thereafter in said District.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That there
shall be five judges of elections within and for
the city of Washington, and three within and
for the city of Georgetown, the same to be ap-
pointed by the supreme court of the District
of Columbia, who shall hold their offices for
two years and until their successors shall be
appointed and qualified, and whose duty it
shall be, prior to each election, to prepare a
list of the persons qualified to vote in the sev-
eral wards of said cities in any election; and
said judges shall be in open session in their
respective cities, to receive evidence of the
qualifications of persons claiming the right to
vote in any election therein, and for correcting
said lists, on two days, not exceeding five days
prior to each election for the choice of city
officers, giving prior notice of the time and
place of each session in some newspaper.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That prior
to said election the said judges in the respect-
ive cities shall post up a list of voters thus
prepared in one or more public places in said
cities, and at least ten days prior thereto.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That all
acts and parts of acts inconsistent with the
provisions of this act are hereby repealed.
Approved, February 5, 1867.
Chap. XXXTI.—An Act to provide for the
Payment of Pensions.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States shall be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized to establish agencies for the payment
of pensions granted by the United States, where
ever, in his judgment, the public interests and
the convenience of the pensioners require, and,
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, to appoint all pension agents, who shall
hold their office#for the term of four years and
until their successors shall have been appointed
and qualified, and who shall give bond, with
good and sufficient sureties, for such amount
and in such form as the Secretary of the Inte-
rior may approve: Provided, That the number
of pension agencies in any State or Territory ,
shall in no case be increased hereafter so as
to exceed three, and that no such agency shall
be established in addition to those now exist-
ing in any State or Territory in which the whole
amount of pensions paid during the fiscal year
next preceding shall not have exceeded the
sum of five hundred thousand dollars: And
provided further, That the term of office of
all pension agents appointed since the first day
of July, A. D. eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
shall expire at the end of thirty days from the
passage of this act; and the commissions of all
other pension agents now in office shall con-
tinue for four years from the passage of this
act, unless such agents are sooner removed.
Approved, February 5, 1867.
Chap. XXXIV.—An Act authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to receive into the
Treasury the residuary Legacy of James
Smithson, to authorize the Regents of the
Smithsonian Institution to apply the In-
come of the said Legacy, and for other
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to receive into the Treasury, on the
same terms as the original bequest, the resid-
uary legacy of James Smithson, now in Uni-
ted States bonds, in the hands of said Secre-
tary, namely: twenty-six thousand tyo hundred
and ten dollars and sixty-three cents, together
with such other sums as the regents may from
time to time see fit to deposit, not exceeding,
with the original bequest, the sum of one mil-
lion dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, Inatthe
increase which has accrued, or which may here-
after accrue, from said residuary legacy, shall
be applied by the Board of Regents of the
Smithsonian Institution in the same manner
as the interest on the original bequest, in ac-
cordance with the provisions of the act ot
August tenth, eighteen hundred and forty-six,
establishing said Institution.
Approved, February 8, 1867.
Chap. XXXVI.—An Act for the Admission of
the State of Nebraska into the Union.
Whereas, on the twenty-first [nineteenth] day
of March, [April,] Anno Domini eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four, Congress passed an act to
enable the people of Nebraska to form a con-
stitution and State government, and offered
to admit said State, when so formed, into the
Union, upon compliance with certain condi-
tions therein specified; and whereas it appears
that the said people have adopted a constitu-
tion which, upon due examination, is found to
conform to the provisions and comply with the
conditions of said act, and to be republican in
its form of government, and that they now ask
for admission into the Union : Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the constitution and
State government which the people of Nebraska
have formed for themselves be, and the same is
hereby, accepted, ratified, and confirmed, and
that the said State of Nebraska shall be, and
is hereby declared to be, one of the United
States of America, and is hereby admitted
into the Union upon an equal footing with the
original States in all respects whatsoever.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
said State of Nebraska shall be, and is hereby
declared to be, entitled to all the rights, priv-
ileges, grants, and immunities, and to be sub-
ject to all the conditions and restrictions of
an act entitled "An act to enable the people
of Nebraska to form a constitution and State
government, and for the admission of such
State into the Union on an equal footing with
the original States," approved April nineteen,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That this
act shall not take effect except upon the funda-
mental condition .that within the State of Ne-
braska there shall be no denial of the elective
franchise, or of any other right, to any person,
by reason of race or color, excepting Indians
not taxed ; and upon the further fundamental
condition that the Legislature of said State, by
a solemn public act, shall declare the assent
of said State to the said fundamental condi-
tion, and shall transmit to the President of
the United States an authentic copy of said
act; upon receipt whereof the President, by
proclamation, shall forthwith announce the
fact, whereupon said fundamental condition
shall be held as a part of the organic law of
the State; and thereupon, and without any
further proceeding on the part of Congress,
the admission of said State into the Union
shall be considered as complete. Said State
Legislature shall be convened by the territo-
rial Governor within thirty days after the pas-
sage of this act, to act upon the condition sub-
mitted herein.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
LA FAYETTE S. FOSTER,
President of the Senate pro tempore.
In Senate of the United States,
February 8,1867.
The President of the United States having
returned to the Senate, in which it originated,
the bill entitled "An act for the admission of
the State of Nebraska into the Union,'' with
his objections thereto, the Senate proceeded,
in pursuance of the Constitution, to reconsider
the same ; and *
Resolved, That the said bill do pass, t™
thirds of the Senate agreeing to pass the
J. W. FORNEY,
Secretary of the Senate,
by W. J. McDONALD,
Chief Clerk.
In the House of Representatives of the
United States, February 9, 186/.
The House of Representatives having pro-
ceeded, in pursuance of the Constitution, to
reconsider the bill entitled An act or
admission of the State of Nebraskaintothe
Union," returned to the Senate by the Presi-
dent of the United States, with his objections,
and sent by the Senate to the House ot Iiep-
same.
Attest:
