186
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 18,
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
resentatives, with the message of the Presi-
• dent returning the bill—
Resolved, That the bill do pass, two thirds
of the House of Representatives agreeing to
pass the same.
Attest:
edward Mcpherson, cierk.
Chap. XXXVII.—An Act making Appropri-
ations to supply Deficiencies in the Appro-
priations for Contingent Expenses of the
House Qf Representatives of the United
States for the fiscal year ending June thir-
tieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated,
out of auy money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated:
For miscellaneous items, forty thousand
dollars.
For folding documents, twenty-seven thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For fuel and lights, including pay of engi-
neers, firemen, and laborers, repairs and mate-
rials, seven thousand dollars.
Approved, February 12, 1867. i
Chap. XXXVIII.—An Act to fix the Pay of
the Quartermaster Sergeant of the Battalion j
of Engineers. !
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That from and after the
passage of this act, the pay and allowances of
the quartermaster sergeant of the battalion
of Engineers of the Army of the United States
shall be the same as those allowed by law to
the sergeant-major of that battalion.
Approved, February 12, 1867.
Chap. XLI.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Service of the Post Office Depart-
ment during the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight,
and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated for
the service of the Post Office Department for
the year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-eight, out of any moneys in the
Treasury arising from the revenues of said De-
partment,in conformity to the act of the second
of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-six:
For transportation of the mails, (inland,)
eight million six hundred thousand dollars.
For transportation of the mails, (foreign,) six
hundred and twenty thousand dollars.
For ship, steamboat, and way letters, eight
thousand dollars.
For compensation to postmasters, four mil-
lion two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For clerks for postoffices, two million dollars.
For payment to letter tiarriers, six hundred
and forty thousand dollars.
For wrapping-paper, eighty thousand dollars.
For twine, twenty thousand dollars.
For letter balances, four thousand dollars.
A For compensation to blank agents and as-
sistants, eight thousand dollars.
For office furniture, three thousand dollars.
For advertising, eighty thousand dollars.
For postage stamps and stamped envelopes,
two hundred and seventy-five thousand dollars.
For mail depredations and special agents,
and expenses of negotiating postal conventions,
one hundred and five thousand dollars.
For mail bags, and mail-bag catchers, one
hundred thousand dollars.
For mail locks, keys, and stamps, thirty
thousand dollars.
For payment of balances due to foreign coun-
tries, three hundred and sixty thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous payments, four hundred
thousand dollars.
i Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
' following sums, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, be, and the same are hereby, ap-
propriated for the year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated :
For the mail steamship service between the
United States and Brazil, one hundred and
fifty thousand dollars.
For the mail steamship service between San
Francisco, Japan, and China, five hundred
thousand dollars: Provided, That so much of
the act of Congress, approved February seven-
teenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, author-
izing said service, as requires the said steam-
ship [s] to touch at Honolulu, in the Sandwich
islands, shall be, and the same is hereby, re-
pealed ; upon the express condition, however,
that the contractors tor said steamship service
shall enter into contract to the satisfaction of
the Postmaster General, agreeing to establish,
within live months from the passage of this act,
in lieu of said service released, a branch line
of steamship service, carrying.the United States
mails, between the port in Japan used by the
main line of steamships and the port of Shang-
hae in China, making continuous regular trips,
connecting with the main line, both on the out-
ward and homeward voyages, under the direc-
tion of the Postmaster General; which service
shall be performed by first-class American sea-
going steamships, and without additional charge
to the United States.
For the overland mail transportation between
the Missouri river and Folsom, and for marine
mail transportation between New York and
California, nine hundred thousand dollars.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized
to transfer two clerks from the third class to
class four 'in the office of the Auditor of the
Treasury for the Post Office Department, and
a sum sufficient to pay the increased compen-
sation required by said transfer, for the re-
mainder of the current year, and the fiscal year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight, is hereby appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Approved, February 18,1867.
Chap. XLII.—An Act supplementary to an
Act to prevent Smuggling, and for other pur-
poses, approved July eighteen, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the provisions of the
act of Congress approved July eighteen, eight-
een hundred and sixty-six, entitled "An act
to prevent smuggling, and for other purposes,"
shall be so construed as not to affect any right
of suit or prosecution which may have accrued
under any. prior acts of Congress repealed or
supplied by said act, previous to July eighteen,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six; and all such
suits or prosecutions as have been, or shall
be, commenced under such prior acts, for acts
committed previous to July eighteen,Eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, shall be tried and dis-
posed of, and judgment or decree executed as
if said act of July eighteen, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six had not been passed, anything
therein contained to the contrary notwithstand-
ing.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That
section twenty-six of the act aforesaid be so
amended that the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized in his discretion^
to make such regulations as shall enable ves-
sels engaged in the coasting trade between
ports and places upon Lake Michigan exclu-
sively and laden with American productions
and free merchandise only, to unlade their car-
goes without previously obtaining a permit to
unlade.
Seo. 8. And be it further enacted, That sec-
tion twenty-five of said act be hereby amended
by inserting the word " March" in the place
of "July,"' in said section.
Approved, February 18, 1867.
Chap. XLIII.—An Act amendatory of the
several Acts respecting Copyrights.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That every proprietor of
a book, pamphlet, map, chart, musical com-
position, print, engraving, or photograph, for
which a copyright shall have been secured, who
shall fail to deliver to the Library of Congress
at Washington, a printed copy of every such
book, pamphlet, map, chart, musical composi-
tion, print, engraving, or photograph, within
one month after publication thereof, shall, for
every such default, be subject to a penalty of
twenty-five dollars, to be collected, by the
Librarian of Congress, in the name of the United
States, in any district or circuit court of the
United States within the jurisdiction of which
the delinquent may reside or be found.
Sec. 2. Andbeit further enacted, That every
such proproprietor may transmit any book,
pamp[h]let, map, chart, musical composition,
print, engraving, or photograph, for which ho
may have secured a copyright, to the Librarian
of Congress, by mail free of postage, provided
the words ''copyright matter" be plainly writ-
ten or printed on the outside of the package
containing the same; and it shall be the duty
of the several postmasters and deputy post-
masters, to give a receipt for the same, if
requested, and when such package shall be
delivered to them, or any of them, to see that
the same is safely forwarded to its destination
by mail, without cost or charge to said pro-
prietor.
Approved, February 18, 1867.
Chap. XLIV.—An Act to authorize the Pay-
ment of Prize Money to certain Officers and
_ Enlisted Men of the Signal Corps of the Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury Department be,
and they .are hereby, authorized and directed
to pay to the officers and enlisted men of the
Signal corps of the Army, who were assigned
to and performed duty on the fleet under com-
mand of Admiral D. G. Farragut, while the
said fleet was engaged in the action in Mobile
Bay, on the fifth day of August, Anno Domini
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, from any
money not otherwise appropriated, such sum
or sums as prize money, to each of them, re-.
spectively, as will be equal to what has been
allowed in distribution to officers or sailors of
the Navy of corresponding ranR, the same as
it their names had been, in any case, borne on
the ship's books.
Approved, February 18, 1867.
Chap. XLV.—An Act to authorile the Pur-
chase of certain Lots of Ground adjoining
the Allegheny Arsenal, at Pittsburg, Penn-
sylvania.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary ot War
be, and he is hereby, authorized and empowered
to accept the offer of the St. Franciscus Hospi-
tal Society to sell to the United States certain
lots of ground situate in the boro[ugh] of
Lawrenceville, Pennsylvania, numbered one,
two, three, and four, containing about nine
thousand six hundred square feet, and upon
which is a spring supplying said arsenal with
water; and that the sum of three thousand eight
hundred dollars be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to pay for said lots
upon their conveyance to the United States, by
good and sufficient title in fee simple.
Approved, February 18, 1887.
