190
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February. 22,
39th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
3. By action against any purchaser of any
of said chattels, with notice of the lien, in
which action the plaintiff may have judgment
for the value of the chattels purchased by the
defendant, but not exceeding the rent arrear
and damages.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That
the declaration in replevin shall be in the fol-
lowing or equivalent form : " The plaintiff sues
the defendant for (wrongfully takingand detain-
ing,) (unjustly detaining) his, said plaintiffs
goods and chattels, to wit: (describe them) of
the value of $ . And the plaintiff claims
that the same be taken from the defendant and
delivered to him ; or if they are eloigned, that
he may have judgment of their said value, and
all mesne profits and damages, which he esti-
mates at $ , besides costs." And at the
time of filing the declaration the plaintiff, his
agent or attorney, shall file an affidavit, sworn
to before the clerk, stating—
1. That, according to affiant's information
and belief, the plaintiff is entitled to recover
possession of the chattels proposed to be
replevied, being the same described in the
declaration.
2. That the defendant has seized and detains,
or detains the same.
3. That said chattels were not subject to such
seizure or detention, and were not taken upon
any writ of replevin. And he shall at the same
time enter into an undertaking with surety,
approved by the clerk, to abide by and perform
the judgment of the court in the premises.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That if
the officer's return of the writ of replevin be
that he has served the defendant with copies
of the declaration, notice to plead and sum-
mons, but that he could not get possession of
the goods and chattels sued for, the plaintiff
may prosecute the action for the value of the
same and damages for detention; or he may
renew the writ in order to get possession of
the goods and chattels themselves. If the
officer's return be that he has taken possession
of the goods and chattels sued for, but that the
defendant is not to be found, the court may
order that the defendant appear to the action
by some fixed day; and of this order the
plaintiff shall cause notice to be given by pub-
lication in some newspaper of the District at
least three times, the first of which shall be at
least twenty days before the day fixed for the
defendant's appearance; and if the defendant
fail to appear, the court may proceed as in case
of default after personal service.
Sec. 15. And. be it further enacted, That if
the defendant appear, he may plead not guilty,
in which case all special matters of defense may
be given in evidence, or he may plead specially.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That
whether the defendant plead, and the issue
thereon joined is found against him; or his plea
is held bad on demurrer; or he make defiault
after personal service or after publication, the
plaintiff s damages shall be ascertained by the
jury trying the issue, where one is joined, or
by a jury of inquest, where there is no issue of
fact; and those damages shall be the full value
of the goods, if eloigned by the defendant, in-
cluding in every case the loss sustained by the
plaintiff by reason of the detention ; and judg-
ment shall pass for the plaintiff accordingly.
Sec. 17. And be it farther enacted, That if
,e. 's.®5e.be found for the defendant, or the
plaintiff dismiss or fail to prosecute his suit, the
judgment shall be that the goods, if delivered
to the plaintiff, be returned to the defendant
with damages, or on failure, that the defendant
recover against the plaintiff and his suretv the
damages by him sustained, to be assesse'd by
J4ry try'ig toe issue ; or, where the plain-
tiff dismisses or fails to prosecute his suit, by
the jury of inquest.
Sec. 18.jAnd be it further enacted, That if
the defendant has eloigned the things sued for,
the court may instruct the jury, if they find for
the plaintiff, to assess such damages as may
compel the defendant to return the things; and
the judgment shall be that the plaintiff recover
against the defendant the value of the goods as
found, to be discharged by the return of the
things, with damages for detention, which the
jury shall also assess.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That
where a suit is brought upon an open account,
verified by the plaintiff s or his agent's affidavit,
that the amount claimed by the plaintiff is justly
payable by the defendant to the plaintiff, and
the defendant fails to defend the suit, the
plaintiff may have judgment final by default
for said amount, with interest from the day
specified in the declaration, without an inquiry
of damages. If the affidavit be made before
an officer, of whose authority to administer
oaths the court cannot take notice, his author-
ity must be verified by the certificate under
official seal, if he have one, of the officer having
authority to give such certificate.
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That
where money is payable by two or more per-
sons jointly or severally, as by joint obligors,
covenantors, makers, drawers, or indorsers,
one action may be sustained and judgment
recovered against all or any of said parties, by
whom the money is payable, at the option of
the plaintiff. But an action against one or
some of the parties by -whom the money is
payable may, while the litigation therein con-
tinues, be pleaded in bar of another action
against another or others of said parties.
Sec. 21. Andbeitfurther enacted, That in
case of the sale of things, real or personal,
under a decree in equity, the decree confirm-
ing the sale shall divest the right, title, or in-
terest sold out of the former owner, party to
the suit, and vest it in the purchaser, without
any conveyance by the officer or agent of the
court conducting the sale. And of this trans-
fer of title the decree shall be notice to all the
world, when a copy thereof shall be registered
among the land records of the District. Never-
theless, the court may order its officer or agent
aforesaid to make a conveyance, if that mode
be deemed preferable, in particular cases.
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted, That if
the declaration state a cause of action of which
the court has jurisdiction, but the verdict finds
the money payable by the defendant to the
plaintiff to be less than the lowest sum of
which the court has jurisdiction, the plaintiff
shall have judgment for the amount found due
to him from the defendant, but without costs.
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted, That
all laws and parts of laws in conflict with these
provisions are repealed.
Approved, February 22, 1867.
Chap. LXV.—An Act providing for the Pun-
ishment of certain Crimes therein named in
the District of Columbia, and for other pur-
poses.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That if any person shall
steal any money or other personal goods or
chattels, the property of another, of the value
of thirty-five dollars or upward, the person so
offending shall be deemed guilty of larceny,
and upon conviction thereof, shall be impris-
oned in the penitentiary, and kept at hard
labor not more than three years nor less than
one year.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That if
any person shall steal or maliciously and felo-
niously destroy any bank bill, promissory note
or notes, bill of exchange, order, receipt, war-
rant, draft, check, or bond, given for the pay-
ment of money, or receipt acknowledging the
receipt of money or other property, or any
Government bonds or other securities, or
stamps, United States Treasury notes, or any
public stocks, of the value of thirty-five dollars
or upward, knowing the same to be such, any
such person shall be deemed guilty of a misde-
meanor, and on conviction thereof shall be
imjJrisoned in the penitentiary, and kept at
hard labor not more than three years nor less
than one year.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That if
any person shall receive or buy any goods, or
chattels, or bank bill or bills, or promissory
note or notes, bill of exchange, order, receipt,
draft, warrant, check, or bond, given for the
payment of money, or any Government bond,
United States Treasury note or notes, or other
securities, or Government stamps, or stocks,
of the value of thirty-five dollars or upward,
which have been stolen, knowing the same to
be stolen, with intent to defraud the owners
thereof,* every person so offending shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon
conviction thereof shall be imprisoned in the
penitentiary, and kept at hard labor not more
than three [years,] nor less than one year.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That if
any person shall steal any money, or other
goods and chattels of any kind whatever, of
less value than thirty-five dollars, the property
of another, or shall steal or maliciously destroy
any bank bill, promissory note, bill of exchange,
order, warrant, draft, check, or bond, or any
accountable receipt for money, given for the
payment or acknowledgment of any sum under
thirty-five dollars, or any United States Treas-
ury note, or Government stamps of less value
thanthirty-five dollars, the property of another,
or shall receive or buy the same, knowing
the same to be stolen, for the purpose of de-
frauding the owner thereof, every such person
so offending, on conviction thereof, shall make
restitution to the party injured in twofold the
value of the property stolen or destroyed, and
be fined in any sum not exceeding two hun-
dred dollars, or shall be imprisoned in the jail
of said District for any time not exceeding six
months, or both, at the discretion of the court.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That if
any clerk, or servant of any private person, or
any copartnership, (except persons within the
age of sixteen years,) or any officer, agent,
clerk, or servant of any corporated company,
shall embezzle or convert to his own use, or
fraudulently take, make way with, or secrete
with intent to embezzle or fraudulently convert
to his own use, without the assent of his mas-
ter or employers, any money, goods, rights of
action, Government boo^s, United States Treas-
ury notes, or Government stamps, or other val-
uable security or effects whatever, belonging to
any other person, which shall come into his
possession, or under his care by virtue of such
employment or office, he shall, upon convic-
tion, be punished in the manner prescribed by
law for feloniously stealing property of the
value of the article or property so embezzled,
taken, or secreted, or of the value of any sum
of money payable or due upon any right in
action so embezzled.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That
every embezzlement of any evidence of debt,
negotiable by delivery only, and actually exe-
cuted by the master or employer of any such
clerk, agent, officer, or servant, but not deliv-
ered or issued as a valid instrument, shall be
deemed an offense within the meaning of the
last preceding section.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That
every person who shall buy, or in any way re-
ceive any money, goods, rights in action, Gov-
ernment bonds, United States Treasury notes,
or other valuable security or effects whatever,
or Government stamps, knowing the same to
have been embezzled, taken, or secreted, con-
trary to the provisions of the two last sections,
shall, upon conviction, be punished in the same
manner, and to the same extent as therein pre-
scribed upon a conviction of a servant, clerk,
or agent for such embezzlement.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That if
any carrier or other person, to whom any
goods, money, right in action, or any valuable
personal property or effects shall have been
