1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
191
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
0 delivered to be transported or carried for hire,
or any person employed in such transportation
or carrying, shall, without the assent of his em-
ployer, take, embezzle, or convert to his own use
such goods, money, right in action, property, or
effects, or any part of them, and before deliv- I
ery of such article at the place or to the per- ;
son entitled to receive them, he shall, upon
conviction, be punished in the manner pre-
scribed bylaw for feloniously stealing property
of the value of the article so taken, embezzled,
converted, or secreted. • i
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That all
persons sentenced to imprisonment in the jail
of said District may be employed at such labor,
and under such regulations, as may be pre- 1
scribed by the supreme court of said District,
and the proceeds thereof applied to defray the
expenses of the trial and conviction of any such
person. |
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of the supreme court of said !
District to make such rules for the government
and discipline of the prisoners confined in said
jail as shall be deemed necessary for the health,
security, and the protection of said prisoners
from cruel treatment by any person in charge
thereof. i
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That on
the trial of any person charged with a crime,
the punishment whereof may be confinement
in the penitentiary or District jail, the defend-
ant shall be entitled to four peremptory chal-
lenges of jurors.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That in
all criminal trials the said supreme court, or
the judge trying the case, may allow such num-
ber of witnesses on behalf of the defendant as
may appear necessary, and the fees thereof, '
with the costs of service, to be paid in the
same manner as Government witnesses are
now paid.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That all
laws of said District inconsistent with the pro-
visions of this act be, and the same are hereby,
repealed; and that this act shall take effect
from and after its passage.
Approved, February 22, 1867.
Chap. LXVI.—An Act to restore Lieutenant
Jeseph P. Fyffe to his Grade in Active Ser-
vice of the Navy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Souse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States be authorized to nominate, and
with the advice and consent of the Senate to
appoint, Lieutenant Joseph P. Fyffe to the
active list of the Navy, and to restore him to
the rank to which he may be entitled thereon.
Approved, February 22, 1867.
Chap. LXYII.—An Act fixing the Compensa-
tion for the Bailiffs and Criers of the Courts
of the District of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the bailiffs and criers,
who are required by the marshal or courts of
the District of Columbia to attend upon the
district, circuit, or criminal court of said Dis-
trict, shall be paid by said marshal three dol-
lars and fifty cents per day for each day's
attendance, (instead of two_ dollars, as now
provided by law,) commencing with the first
of January, eighteen hundred and sixty-six.
Approved, February 22, 1867.
Chap. LXXVL—An Act to authorize the.Con-
struction of a Submerged Tubular Bridge
across the Mississippi River at the City of
Saint Louis.
Beitenacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the " Mississippi
Submerged Tubular Bridge Company," a cor-
poration organized under the laws of the State
of Missouri, be, and the same is hereby, em-
powered to construct, maintain, and operate a
submerged iron tubular bridge across the Mis-
sissippi river, between the city ot'Saint Louis,
in the State of Missouri, and the city of East
Saint Louis, in the State of Illinois, subject
to all the conditions contained in said act of
incorporation and not inconsistent with the
provisions of this act. And in case of any liti-
gation arising from any obstruction, or alleged
obstruction, to the free navigation of said
waters, the cause may be tried before the dis-
trict court of the United States of any State in
which any portion of said obstruction or bridge
touches.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That any
bridge built under the provisions of this act
shall be tubular in construction, and sunk
below the bed of said river, so that the top of
said structure shall be below the bed of the
channel of the Mississippi river, and so that
the same shall in nowise interfere with or
obstruct navigation when completed, or pre-
vent a safe and expeditious transit for all
classes of vessels upon said river during con-
struction.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That any
bridge erected under the provisions of this act
shall be a lawful structure, and shall be recog-
nized and known as a post-route, upon which
also no higher charge shall be made for the
transmission over the same of the mails, the
troops, the munitiona of war of the United
States, than the rate per mile which the rail-
road companies terminating at either end
receive for such services.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That ncf
exclusive right or privilege shall ever be granted
to any of the steam railroads now concentrat-
ing at Saint Louis or East Saint Louis by the
said bridge company to use the same, but it shall
be equally open to all, under such regulations
and at such charges as may be fixed, not to
exceed those now charged by the Wiggins
Ferry Company.
Approved, February 25, 1867.
Chap. LXXVII.—An Act granting Lands to
the State of Oregon to aid in the Construc-
tion of a Military Wagon-Road from Dalles
City, on the Columbia river, to Fort Boisfe,
on the Snake river.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be, and hereby
is, granted to the State of Oregon, to aid in the
construction of a military wagon-road from
Dalles City, on the Columbia river, by way of
Camp Watson, Canon City, and Mormon or
Humboldt Basin, to a point on Snake river
opposite Fort Bois6, in Idaho Territory, alter-
nate sections of public Lands, designated by
odd numbers, to the extent of three sections
in width on each side of said road: Provided,
That the lands hereby (ranted shall be ex-
clusively applied to the construction of said
road, and to no other purpose: and shall be
disposed of only as' the work progresses: And
provided further, That any and all lands here-
tofore reserved to the United States, or other-
wise appropriated by act of Congress or other
competent authority, be, and the same are
hereby, reserved from the operation of this
act, except so far as it may be necessary to
locate the route of said road through the same,
in which case the right of way to the width of
one hundred feet is granted: And provided
further, That the grant hereby made shall not
embrace any mineral lands of the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
lands hereby granted to said State shall be dis-
posed of by the Legislature thereof for the pur-
pose aforesaid, and for no other; and the said
road shall be and remain a public highway for
the use of the Government of the United States,
free from tolls and other charges upon the trans-
portation of any property, troops, or mails ot
the United States.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That said
road shall be constructed with such width, gra-
dation, and bridges as to permit of its regular
use as a wagon-road, and in such other special
manner as the State of Oregon may prescribe.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
State of Oregon is authorized to locate and use
in the construction of said road an additional
amount of public lands, not previously reserved
to the United States nor otherwise disposed of,
and not exceeding ten miles in distance from
it, equal to the amount reserved from the oper-
ation of this act in the first section of the same,
to bo selected in alternate odd sections as pro 
vided in section first of this act.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That lands
hereby granted to said State shall be disposed
of only in the following manner, that is to say:
when the Governor of said State shall certify to
the Secretary of the Interior that ten continuous
miles of said road are completed, then a quan-
tity of the land hereby granted, not to exceed
thirty sections, may be sold, and so on from
time to time until said road shall be completed;
and if said road is not completed within five
years no further sales shall be made, and the
lands remaining unsold shall revert to the
United States.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the
United States surveyor general for the district
of Oregon shall cause said lands so granted to
be surveyed at the earliest practicable period
after said State shall have enacted the neces-
sary legislation to carry this act into effect.
Approved, February 25, 1867.
Chap. LXXVIII.—An Act to amend the twenty-
first section of an Act entitled "An Act fur-
ther to prevent smuggling, and for other pur-
poses," approved July eighteenth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That section twenty-one of
an act entitled "An act to prevent smuggling,
and for other purposes," approved July eight-
eenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, be
amended by adding to said section twenty-one
the following proviso: "Provided, That this
section shall not apply, or be held to apply, to
any case where the said towing in whole or in
part is within or upon foreign waters: And
provided, That any foreign railroad company
or corporation, whose road enters the United
States by means of a ferry or tug-boat, may
own such boat, and it shall be subject to no
other or different restrictions or regulations in
such employment than il owned by a citizen
of the United States."
Approved, February 25,1867.
Chap. LXXIX.—An Act to amend section
twelve, chapter two hundred and mnety-
nine, of the Laws of the First Session of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the last clause of sec-
tion twelve, of chapter two hundred and ninety-
nine, of the laws of first session Thirty-N inth
Congress, approved July twenty-eighth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-six, is hereby amended
by repealing all after and including the words
"until otherwise provided bylaw," so as to
place the judge advocates thereby authorized
to be retained in service upon the same foot-
ing in respect to tenure of office and otherwise
as other officers of the Army of the United
States.
Approved, February 25,1867.
Chap. LXXX.—An Act to amend an Act
granting the Right of Way over the Military
Reserve at Fort Gratiot, Michigan.
Re it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
reMntativescf the United States of America   
Congress assembled, That the act entitled An
