194
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 1,
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Second lieutenants and first assistant engi-
neers, fifteen hundred dollars per annum.
Third lieutenants and second assistant engi-
neers, twelve hundred dollars per annum.
Pay on Leave of Absence or while Waiting
Orders.
Captains, eight hundred dollars per annum.
First lieutenants and chief engineers, fifteen
hundred dollars per annum.
Second lieutenants and first assistant engi-
neers, twelve hundred dollars per annum.
Third lieutenants and second assistant engi-
neers, nine hundred dollars per annum.
Sbc. 2. And be it further enacted, That from
and after the thirty-first day of December,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, each officer
of the revenue-cutter service, while on duty,
shall be entitled to one Navy ration per day.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That to
enable the Secretary of the Treasury to carry
out the provisions of this act during the last
half of the current fiscal year and during the
fiscal year ending June thirty, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-eight, the sum of one hundred
and thirty-three thousand four hundred dollars
is hereby appropriated for the expenses of the
revenue-cutter service, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, February 28, 18G7.
Chap. CJI.—An Act for the Relief of certain
Drafted Men.
Whereas certain persons, drafted into the
military service under the calls of the Presi-
dent of the United States, made February
first, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, and
March fourteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four, paid the sum of three hundred dollars
each, being the amount of commutation fixed
for such service under the fifth section of the
amendatory enrollment act of February twenty-
fourth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, and
the same persons were afterward again drafted,
under the call of December nineteenth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-four, (being within one
year of the previous draft, and before the fill-
ing of the quotas assigned under the two calls
first named above,) and were then required to
enter the service or furnish substitutes; and
whereas the true intent .and meaning of the
fifth section of the amendatory act aforesaid
was to exempt persons thus paying commuta-
tion from further draft until that quota should
be filled, and not exceeding one year: There-
fore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
is hereby authorized and directed to refund to
each person drafted as aforesaid, who paid
commutation and was also required to enter
the service or furnish a substitute as aforesaid,
the sum of three hundred dollars, being the
sum of money so as aforesaid paid by him ; and
there is hereby appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, a
sum sufficient to make such payments.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of War is authorized and required
to refund from the commutation money the
amount,(not exceeding three hundred dollars
in any one case) paid by any person drafted
during the late war who furnished a substitute
or paid commutation money, wherever it shall
appear that, under the decisions and rules of
tne War Department governing at the time,
the said person was entitled to discharge from
the obligation to render personal service under
the draft for which he paid money or furnished
a substitute, and to refund, in like manner, in
all cases wherein it shall appear that a person
so having paid commutation money or fur-
nished a substitute was not legally liable to
draft: Provided, That this section shall apply
only to claims received at the War Department
prior to its passage. .
Approved, February 28, 1867.
Chap. CIII.—An Act relative to the Port of
Camden, New Jersey.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the port of Camden,
in the State of New Jersey, be, and the same
is hereby, annexed to the collection district of
Philadelphia, and that an assistant collector,
to be appointed in accordance with the laws
of the United States, shall reside at Camden,
who shall have power to enter and clear ves-
sels in like manner as the collector of Phila-
delphia iq, authorized to do, but such assistant
collector shall nevertheless act in conformity
to such instructions and regulations as he shall
from time to time receive from the collector
of Philadelphia; and that the said assistant
collector shall receive for his annual salary
fifteen hundred dollars in full for all services
to be by him performed, and in lieu of com-
missions and fees.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
assistant collector, appointed under this act,
be, and he hereby is, authorized to enroll and
license, according to the laws of the United
States, all vessels engaged in the coasting trade
and fisheries, owned in whole or in part by
residents of that portion of the Bridgeton dis-
trict lying north of Alloway's creek, in the
county of Salgm, in the State of New Jersey.
And all such enrollments and licenses shall be
as valid and effectual as if they had been
effected in any other port of the United States;
and the said assistant collector, in the enroll-
ment and licensing of vessels, shall be subject
to the laws of the United States, and liable to
all the penalties and responsibilities imposed
upon collectors in like cases.
Approved, February 28, 1867.
Chap. CXLIII.—An Act to quiet Title to
Land in the Towns of Santa Clara and
Petaluma, in the State of California.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all the right and
title of the United States to the land situated
within the corporate limits of the towns of
Santa Clara and Petaluma, in the State of Cal-
ifornia, as defined in the acts of the Legisla-
ture of that State incorporating said towns, be,
and the same are hereby, relinquished and
granted to the corporate authorities of said
towns and their successors, in trust, for and
with authority to convey so much of said land
as is in the bona fide occupancy of .parties
upon the passage of this act, by themselves or
tenants, to such parties : Provided, That this
grant shall not extend to any reservation of
the United States, nor prejudice any valid ad-
verse right or claim, if such exist, to said land
or any part thereof, nor preclude a judicial
examination and adjustment thereof.
Approved, March 1, 1867.
Chap. CXLIV.—An Act making Appropria-
tion for the Repair, Preservation, and Com-
pletion of certain Public Works heretofore
• commenced under the authority of law, and
for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
of money be, and the same are hereby, ap-
propriated, to be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to be
expended under the direction and superintend-
ence of the Secretary of War, for the repair,
preservation, and completipn of the following
works heretofore commenced under the author-
ity of law, and for the other purposes here-
inafter named, that is to say:
For examination and survey of 'works of im-
fjrovement for which appropriations have been
leretofore made, and concerning which no
sufficient information is now in possession of
the Department, and for examination and sur-
vey at other points in the fourth and fifth sec-
tions of this act specified, that is to say: on
the Atlantic coast, thirty thousand dollars;
on the Pacific coast, twenty-five thousand dol-
lars; on the northwestern lakes, seventy-five
thousand dollars; on the western and north-
western rivers, one hundred and twenty-five
thousand dollars. And the Secretary of War,
when the public interests require it, shall cause
examinations or reexaminations to be made,
with suitable surveys, of the works aforesaid
and all other works provided for by this act,
and shall make such changes or modifications
of the plans heretofore adopted for their im-
provement as shall be necessary and proper.
And he shall cause such needful examination
of other harbors and places in the fourth and
fifth sections of this act specified, upon the sea
and lake coasts and on western rivers, to be
made as will enable him to determine what im-
provements thereof are required to render them
safe and convenient for the navigation of the
naval and commercial vessels of the United
States, and the costs of such improvements;
and he shall make full report thereof, and of
the plans deemed advisable therefor, to Con-
gress on the first Monday of December next,
for such action as may be judged expedient
and right. And if, upon such examination
and survey of works first herein named, being
works now existing or in process of comple-
tion, and concerning which no. information is
now in the possession of the Department, there
shall remain an unexpended balance of appro-
priation, properly applicable thereto, from the
sums herein appropriated, which may, in the
judgment of the Secretary of War, be judi-
ciously applied toward the economical and
needful continuation or completion of such
works, the Secretary of War shall direct such
balance to be applied and used accordingly;
but no moneys shall be used for such purposes,
excepting from the balances remaining from
appropriations herein made for the specific
examination and survey of such works.
For extending the pier at Erie harbor, Penn-
sylvania, and dredging channel through to outer
bar, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For improvement at mouth of Conneaut river,
Ohio, ten thousand dollars.
For improvement at Ashtabula harbor, Ohio,
fifty-four thousand dollars.
For improvement of works at Grand river
harbor, Ohio, sixty thousand dollars.
For improvement of Sandusky river, from
Fremont to Lake Erie, in Ohio, twenty thou-
sand dollars.
For improvement of Maumee bay, Ohio,
twenty thousand dollars.
For improvement of St. Clair flats, in Michi-
gan, one hundred and fifty thousand dollars,
to be expended in accordance with the plans
and specifications of Colonel T. J. Cram, in
his report of December tenth, eighteen hun-
dred and'sixty-six.
For improvement at mouth of Saginaw river,
Michigan, twenty-eight thousand dollars.
For improvement of St. Mary's river, Mich-
igan, fifty thousand dollars.
For improving mouth of Au Sable river,
Lake Huron, fifty thousand dollars.
For improving Marquette harbor, Lake Su-
perior, eighty-five thousand dollars.
For improving Eagle harbor, Lake Superior,
sixty-five thousand dollars.
For improving harbor at Superior City, Wis-
consin, sixty-three thousand dollars.
For improving harbor of Aux Bees Scies,
Michigan, ten thousand dollars.
For improvement of Grand river harbor,
Michigan, forty thousand dollars.
For improvement of Black lake harbor,
Michigan, fifty-one thousand dollars.
For improving harbor of St. Joseph, Michi-
gan, twenty-three thousand dollars.
For improving harbor at Racine, Wisconsin,
forty-five thousand dollars.
