196
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2?
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
and the same is hereby, continued in full force
and effect for three years from and after the
close of the rebellion, as announced by the
President of the United States by proclama-
tion, bearing date the twentieth day of August,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That the
•provisions of the joint resolution approved
July twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, entitled "A joint resolution in regard to
rations of Union soldiers held as prisoners of
war," shall be extended so as to allow com-
mutation of rations at cost prices in the settle-
ment of the accounts of all enlisted men of
the Army, Navy, and Marine corps, who died
while held as prisoners of war in the rebel
States, or who, having been so held as prison-
ers of war, have died or may die subsequent to
release; to be paid, however, only to the
widow of such deceased person, if such widow
remain unmarried, or in case there be no such
widow, then to the surviving children of the
deceased ; or if there be no such widow or
children, then to the parent or parents of the
deceased ; or if there be no such widow, chil-
dren, parent, or parents, then to the brothers
and sisters of the deceased.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That sec-
tion one of the " act providing for the better
organization of the military establishment,"
approved August third, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, authorizing the President to appoint
an Assistant Secretary of War, be, and the
same is hereby, repealed.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That so
much of the act entitled " An act to increase
and fix the military peace establishment of t he
United States, approved July twenty-eight,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, as relates to
the promotion of assistant surgeons after three
years' service, shall be amended so as to read
" and persons who have served as surgeons or
assistant surgeons three years in the volunteer
force shall be eligible for promotion to the
grade of captain.*"
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the
act entitled "An act more effectually to pro-
Tide for the national defense by establishing
an uniform militia throughout the United
States," approved May eight, seventeen hun-
dred and ninety-two, and the several acts
_ amendatory thereof, be, and they are hereby,
'amended by striking out the word " white."
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That
(excepting the ordnance storekeeper and pay-
master at the Springfield armory, who has
the rank, pay, and allowances of a major of
cavalry) all storekeepers of the Army stall
hereafter have the rank, pay, and allowances
of captains of cavalry, and the post chaplains
now in service, or hereafter to be appointed,
shall be commissioned by the President, and
all vacancies occurring in the grade of chap-
lain, which is hereby established to rank as
captain of infantry, shall be filled by the Pres-
ident, by and with the advice and-consent of
the Senate; and all Army chaplains shall here-
after be on the same footing as to tenure of
office, retirement, allowances for service and
pensions, as now provided by law for other
officers of the Army.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That in
any case where a person entitled to receive
payment of bounty, under the provisions of
any law, shall make application therefor, or
where such application shall ,be made by the
proper representatives of such person, being
deceased, and the discharge of such person
has been lost, it shall be competent for the
accounting officers to receive, in lieu of the
actual production of such discharge, proof of
the actual loss of the same, and secondary
proof of its issue and contents, together with
proof of the identity of the claimant or person
deceased, under such rules defining the char-
acter and form of the evidence as the Paymas-
ter General shall prescribe.
Sec. 9. And be it f urther enacted, That sec-
tion fifteen of the "act to increase the pres-
ent military establishment of the United
States, and for other purposes," approved
July fifth, eighteen hundred and thirty-eight,
be amended so that general officers shall not
hereafter be excluded from receiving the addi-
tional ration for every five years' service ; and
it is hereby further provided that officers on
the retired list of the Army shall have the same
allowance of additional rations for every five
years' service as officers in active service.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CXLVI.—An Act in relation to Per-
sons Imprisoned under Sentence for Offenses
against the Laws of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all prisoners who
have been, or shall hereafter be, convicted of
any offense against the laws of the United
States, and confined in any State prison or
penitentiary in execution of the judgment or
sentence upon such conviction, who so con-
duct themselves that no charge for misconduct
shall be sustained against them, shall have a
deduction of one month in each year made from
the term of their sentence, and shall be entitled
to their discharge so much the sooner, upon
the certificate of the warden or keeper of such
prison or penitentiary, with the approval of
the Secretary of the Interior.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Ciijir. CXLVir.—An Act for the Relief of
certain Contractors for the Construction of
Vessels-of-War and Steam Machinery.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Navy is hereby authorized and directed to in-
vestigate the claims of all contractors for build-
ing vessels-of-war and steam machinery for the
same under contracts made after the first day
of May, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, and
prior to the first day of January, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four, and said investigation to
be made upon the following basis: he shall
ascertain the additional cost which was neces-
sarily incurred by each contractor in the com-
pletion of his work by reason of any changes
or alterations in the plans and specifications
required, and delays in the prosecution of the
work occasioned by the Government, which
were not provided for in the original contract;
but no allowance for any advance in the price
of labor or material shall be considered, unless
such advance occurred during the prolonged
time for completing the work rendered neces-
sary by the delay resulting from the action of
the Government aforesaid, and then only when
such advance could not have been avoided by
the exercise of ordinary prudence and dili-
gence on the part of the contractor, and from
such additional cost, to be ascertained as afore-
said, there shall be deducted such sum as may
have been paid each contractor for any reason
heretofore over and above the contract price,
and shall report to Congress a tabular state-
ment of each case, which shall contain the
name of the contractor, a description of the
^vork, the contract price, the whole increased
cost of the work over the contract price, and
the amount of such increased cost caused by
the delay and action of the Government as
aforesaid, and the amount already paid the
contractor over and above the contract price:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Navy, un-
der the resolution, shall investigate the claim
of W. H. Webb for constructing the steamer
Dunderberg, applying the provisions of this
resolution in such investigation, except that
proper consideration shall be given to the in-
creased cost'incurred by said Webb by reason
of any alteration in the plans and specifications
for the Dunderberg made during the progress
of the work, whether such alterations were
provided for in the original contract or not,
when payment for the same was not embraced
in the contract price.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CXLVIII.—An Act to amend an Act
entitled "An Act to extend the Time for the
Reversion to the United States of the Lands
granted by Congress to aid in the Construc-
tion of a Railroad from Ambgy, by Hillsdale
and Lansing, to some Point on or near Tra-
verse Bay, in the State of Michigan, and for
the Completion of said Road," approved
July three, eighteen hundred and sixty-six.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the first section of
the act entitled "An act to extend the time for
the reversion to the United States of the lands
granted by Congress to aid in the construction
of a railroad from Amboy, by Hillsdale and
Lansing, to some point on or near Traverse
bay, in the State of Michigan, and for tho
completion of said road," approved July three,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, be, and thesame
is hereby, amended by striking out the word
"February," where it occurs in said section,
and inserting the word "July" in lieu thereof.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CXLIX.—An Act to authorize the Build-
ing of Light-Houses therein mentioned, and
for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to provide, by contract, for building
light-houses at the following points, to wit:
For building a light-house on a proper site at
Trowbridge Point, in Thunder bay, in the State
of Michigan, at a cost not exceeding ten thou-
sand dollars.
For building a light-house on a proper site at
Mendota, on Lake Superior, in the State of
Michigan, at a cost not exceeding fourteen
thousand dollars.
For building a light-house on a proper site at
Santa Cruz, in the State of California, a,t a cost
not exceeding ten thousand dollars.
'For building a light-house at Pigeon river,
or vicinity, La"ke Superior, Minnesota, fifteen
thousand dollars.
For building a light-house on a proper site at
or near Braddock's Point, Georgia, at a cost
not exceeding fifteen thousand dollars.
For building a light-house to mark Tybee
Island Knoll, Georgia, at a cost not exceeding
fifteen thousand dollars.
For building range-lights on Morrft Island,
as guides in crossing Charleston bar, South
Carolina, at a cost not exceeding fifteen thou-
sand dollars.
For rebuilding the light-house on a proper
site at Deepwater shoals, in James river, Vir-
ginia, at a cost not exceeding sixteen thousand
dollars.
For rebuilding light-house tower and keeper's
dwelling on a proper site at Saint Simon's,
Georgia, at a cost not exceeding forty-five
thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it f urther^ enacted, That the
Light-House Board is hereby directed to make
a survey, if no survey has been made, at Cross-
ledge shoal, or at some other point in the Del-
aware bay, in the neighborhood of said shoal,
^nd report on the survey to be made, or which
has already been made, to the next Congress
as to the feasibility of erecting thereon a per-
manent light-house, and an estimate of the
amount necessary to be appropriated therefor.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That no
contract shall be made except after public
advertisement for proposals in such form and
manner as to secure general notice thereof,
and the same shall only be made with the
