198
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
39th Cong;...2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
of and to try offenders, or, when in his judg-
ment it may be necessary for the trial of offend-
ers, he shall have power to organize military
commissions or tribunals for that purpose, and
all interference under color of State authority
with the exercise of military authority under
this act shall be null and void.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all
persons put under military arrest by virtue of
this act shall be tried without u n necessary delay,
and no cruel or unusual punishment shall be
inflicted, and no sentence of any military com-
mission or tribunal hereby authorized, affecting
the life or liberty of any person, shall be exe-
cuted until it is approved by the officer in com-
mand of the district, and the laws and regula-
tions for the government of the Army shall not [
be affected by this act, except in so far as they ;
conflict with its provisions: Provided, That no j
sentence of death under the provisions of this |
act shall be carried into effect without the
approval of the President.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That
when the people of any one of said rebel
States shall have formed a constitution of
government in conformity with the Constitu-
tion of the United States in all respects,
framed by a convention of delegates elected
by the male citizens of said State, twenty-one
years old and upward, of whatever race, color,
or previous condition, who have'been resident
in said State for one year previous to the day
of such election, except such as may be dis-
franchised for participation in the rebellion
or for felony at common law, and when such
constitution shall provide that the elective
franchise shall be enjoyed by all such persons
as have the qusflifications herein stated for
electors of delegates, and when such constitu-
tion shall be ratified by a majority of the per-
sons voting on the question of ratification who
are qualified as electors for delegates, and
when such constitution shall have been sub-
mitted to Congress for examination and ap-
proval, and Congress shall have approved the
same, and when said State, by a vote of its
Legislature, elected under said constitution,
shall have adopted the amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, proposed
by the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and known as
article fourteen, and when said article shall
have become a part of the Constitution of the
United States, said State shall be declared
entitled to representation in Congress, and Sen-
ators and Representatives shall be admitted
therefrom on their taking the oath prescribed
by law, and then and thereafter the preceding
sections of this act shall be inoperative in
said State: Provided, That no person ex-
cluded from the privilege of holding office by
said proposed amendment to the Constitution
of the United States shall be eligible to elec-
tion as a member of the convention to frame
a constitution for any of said rebel States,
nor shall any such person vote for members
of such convention.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That,
until the people of said rebel States shall be
by law admitted to representation in the Con-
gress of the United States, any civil govern-
ments which may exist therein shall be deemed
provisional only, and in all respects subject to
the paramount authority of the United States
at any time to abolish, modify, control, or
supersede the same; and in all elections to
any office under such provisional governments
all persons shall be entitled to vote, and none
others, who are entitled to vote, under the pro-
visions of the fifth section of this act; and no
person shall be eligible to any office under any
such provisional governments who would be
disqualified*from holding office under the pro-
visions of the third article of said constitu-
tional amendment.
. SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Speaker of the House of Representativet.
LA FAYETTE S. FOSTER,
President of the Smote pro tempore.
In the Hocse of Representatives,
March 2, 1867.
The President of the United States having
returned to the House of Representatives, in
which it originated, the bill entitled "An act
to provide for the more efficient government
of the rebel States," with his objections thereto,
the House of Representatives proceeded, in
pursuance of the Constitution, to reconsider
the same; and
Resolved, That the said bill do pass, two
thirds of the House of Representatives agree-
ing to pass the same.
Attest: ED WD. McPHERSON,
Clerk of H. of R. U. S.
In Senate of the United States,
March 2, 1867.
The Senate having proceeded, in pursuance
of the Constitution, to reconsider the bill
entitled " An act to provide for the more effi-
cient government of the rebel States," returned
to the House of Representatives by the Presi-
dent of the United States, with his objections,
and sent by the House of Representatives to
the Senate, with the message of the President
returning the bill:
Resolved, That the bill do pass, two thirds
of the Senate agreeing to pass the same.
Attest: J. W. FORNEY.
Secretary of the Senate.
Chap. CLIV.—An Act regulating the Tenure
of certain Civil Offices.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That every person holding
any civil office to which he has been appointed
by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, and every person who shall hereafter
be appointed to any such office, and shall be-
come duly qualified to act therein, is, and shall
be entitled to hold such office until a successor
shall have been in like manner appointed and
duly qualified, except as herein otherwise pro-
vided : Provided, That the Secretaries of State,
of the Treasury, of War, of the Navy, and of
the Interior, the Postmaster General, and the
Attorney General, shall hold their offices
respectively for and during the term of the
President by whom they may have been ap-
pointed and for one month thereafter, subject
to removal by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That
when any officer appointed as aforesaid, ex-
cepting judges of the U nited States courts, shall,
during a recess of the Senate, be shown, by
evidence satisfactory to the President, to be
guilty of miscondtfet in office, or crime, or for
any reason shall become incapable or legally
disqualified to perform its duties, in such case,
and in no other, the President may suspend
such officer and designate some suitable person
to perform temporarily the duties of such office
until the next meeting of the Senate, and until
the case shall be acted upon by the Senate,
and such person so designated shall take the
oaths and give the bonds required by law to be
taken and given by the person duly appointed
to fill such office j and in such case it shall be
the duty of the President, within twenty days
after the first day of such next meeting of the
Senate, to report to the Senate such suspension,
with the evidence and reasons for his action in
the case, and the name of the person so desig-
nated to perform the duties of such office.
And if the Senate shall concur in such sus-
pension and advise and consent to the removal
of such officer, they shall so certify to the
President, who may thereupon remove such
officer, and, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, appoint another person to
such office. But if the Senate shall refuse to
concur in such suspension, such officer so sus-
pended shall forthwith resume the functions
of his office, and the powers of the person so
performing its duties in his stead shall cease,
and the official salary and emoluments of such
officer shall, during such suspension, belong
to the person so performing the duties thereof,
and not to the officer so suspended : Provided,
however, That the President, in case he shall
become satisfied that such suspension was
made on insufficient grounds, shall be author-
ized, at anytime before reporting such suspen-
sion to the Senate as above provided, to revoke
such suspension and reinstate such officer in
the performance of the duties of his office.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
President shall have power to fill all vacancies
which may happen during the recess of the
Senate, by reason of death or resignation, by
granting commissions which shall expire at
the end of their next session thereafter. And
if no appointment, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, shall be made to such
office so vacant or temporarily filled as afore-
said during such next session of the Senate,
such office shall remain in abeyance, without
any salary, fees, or emoluments attached
thereto, until the same shall be filled by
appointment thereto, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate; and during such
time all the powers and duties belonging to
such office shall be exercised by such other
officer as may by law exercise such powers and
duties in case of a vacancy in such office.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That
nothing in this act contained shall be con-
strued to extend the term of any office the
duration of which is limited by law.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That if
any person shall, contrary to the provisions of
this act, accept any appointment to or employ-
ment in any office, or shall hold op exercise or
attempt to hold or exercise, any such office or
employment, he shall be deemed, and is hereby «
declared to be, guilty of a high misdemeanor,
and, upon trial and conviction thereoff he shall
be punished therefor by a fine not exceeding
ten thousand dollars, or by imprisonment not
exceeding five years, or both said punishments,
in the discretion of the court.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That
every removal, appointment, or employment,
made, had, or exercised, contrary to the pro-
visions of this act, and the making, signing,
sealing, countersigning, or issuing of any
commission or letter of authority for or in
respect to any such appointment or employ-
ment. shall be deemed, and are hereby de-
clared to be, high misdemeanors, and, upon
trial and conviction thereof, every person guilty
thereof shall be punished by a fine not exceed-
ing ten thousand dollars, or by imprisonment
not exceeding five years, or both said punish-
ments, in the discretion of the court: Pro-
vided, That the President shall have power to
make out and deliver, after the adjournment
of the Senate, commissions for all officers whose
appointment shall have been advised and con-
sented to by the Senate.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Sen-
ate, at the close of each session thereof, to
deliver to the Secretary of the Treasury, and
to each of his assistants, and to each of the
Auditors, and to each of the Comptrollers in
the Treasury, and to the Treasurer, and to the
Register of the Treasury, a full and complete
list, duly certified, of all the persons who shall
have been nominated to and rejected by the
Senate during such session, and a like list of
all the offices to which nominations shall have
been made and not confirmed and filled at such
session.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever the President shall, without the advice
and consent of the Senate, designate, author-
ize, or employ any person to perform the duties
of any office, he shall forthwith notify the Sec-
retary of the Treasury thereof; and it shall be
the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury there-
upon to communicate such notice to all the
