1867-1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
201
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
partnership no special partner shall, under any
circumstances, be allowed to claim as a creditor
until the claims of all the other creditors of the
partnership shall be satisfied.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That all
suits respecting the business of the partnership
shall be brought by and against the general
partners only, except in those cases In which
provision is hereinbefore made that special
partners shall be deemed general partners and
special partnerships general partnerships, when
all persons so becoming general partners may
be joined with those originally general partners
in any suit brought against such partnerships,
and except, also, the case provided for in sec-
tion number ten.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That if,
in any case or suit brought against general
and special partners, and at the trial of the
cause, it shall appear that the special partners
or any of them are not liable to the writ of the
plaintiff, the court may proceed to judgment or
decree against the partners who may appear to
be liable, in the same manner as if such part-
ners were the only parties defendant to the
writ, excepting that the partners who may be
deemed not liable shall recover their legal costs
against the plaintiffs; and if creditors shall have
recovered a judgment or obtained a decree
against general partners only, and shall after-
ward discover that special partners or some one
or more of them have become liable as general
partners, he may bring a new suit against such
special partner or partners; and in snch suit
the judgment recoyered as aforesaid shall be
prima facie evidence of the amount due by the
Eartnership, and the partnership debt shall not
e merged in any judgment or decree recovered
or obtained against any partner or partners, as
against any other partner or partners.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That no
dissolution of such partnership by act of the
partners shall take place previous to the time
specified in the certificate of its formation, or
in the certificate of its renewal, unless in con-
sequence of the death of one of the partners,
or insolvency of the partnership, or of one of
the general partners, nor until a notice of such
dissolution shall have been filed and recorded
in the clerk's office in which the original cer-
tificate was recorded, and published once a
week for four weeks in two newspapers, to be
designated by the clerk of the supreme court
of the District of Columbia, which publication
may be proved by affidavit and recorded as
hereinbefore prescribed for the publication of
the certificate for the formation of such part-
nership.
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, Thattho
general partners shall be liable to account to
each other and to the special partners for the
management of the concern, both in law and
equity.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CLXTI.—An Act to Incorporate the
Howard University in the District of Colum-
bia.
Beit enactedby the Senate andHouse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there_ be estab-
lished, and is hereby established, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, a university for the educa-
tion of youth in the liberal arts and sciences^
under the name, style, and title of " The How-
ard University."
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That
Samuel C. Pomeroy, Charles B. Boynton, Oli-
ver 0. Howard, Burton C. Cook, Charles H.
Howard, James B. Hutchinson, Henry A.
Brewster, Benjamin F. Morris, Danforth B.
Nichols, William G. Finney, Roswell H^ Ste-
vens. E. M. Cushman, Hiram Barbour, B. W.
liobinson, W. F. Baseom, J. B. Johnson, and
Silas L. Loomis, be, and they are hereby
declared to be, a body politic and corporate,
with perpetual succession in deed or in law to
all intents and purposes whatsoever, by the
name, style, and title of "The Howard Uni-
versity," by which name and title they and
their successors shall be competent, at law and
in equity, to tak« to themselves and their suc-
cessors, for the use of said university, any
estate whatsoever in any messuage, lands, tene-
ments, hereditaments, goods, chattels, moneys,
and other effects, by gift, devise, grant, dona-
tion, bargain, sale, conveyance, assurance, or
will; and the same to grant, bargain, sell,
transfer, assign, convey, assure, demise, de-
clare, to use and farm let, and to place out
on interest, for the use of said university, in
such manner as to them, or a majority of them,
shall be deemed most beneficial to said insti-
tution; and to receive the same, their rents,
issues, and profits, income and interest, and to
apply the same for the proper use and benefit
of said university; and by the same name to sue
and be sued, to (implead and be imple[a]ded,
in any courts of law and equity, in all manner
Sf suits, actions, and proceedings whatsoever,
and generally by and in the same name to do
and transact all and every the business touch-
ing or concerning the premises: Provided,
That the same do not exceed the value of fifty
thousand dollars net annual income, over and
above and exclusive of the receipts for the
education and support of the students of said
university.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
first meeting of said corporators shall be holden
at the time and place at which a majority of
the persons herein above named shall assemble
for that purpose; and six days' notice shall be
given each of said corporators, at which meet-
ing said corporators may enact by-laws not
inconsistent with the laws of the United States
regulating the government of the corpora-
tion.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
government of the university shall be vested in
a board of trustees, of not less than thirteen
members, who shall be elected by the corpora-
tors at their first meeting. Said board of trus-
tees shall have perpetual succession in deed or
in law, and in them shall be vested the power
hereinbefore grantedtothe corporation. They
shall adopt a common seal, which they may
alter at pleasure, under and by which all deeds,
diplomas, and acts of the university shall pass
and be authenticated. They shall elect a pres-'
ident, a secretary, and a treasurer. The treas-
urer shall give such bonds as the board of trus-
tees may direct. The said board shall also ap-
point the professors and tutors, prescribing the
number, and determining the amount of their
respective salaries. They shall also appoint
such other officers, agents, or employes as the
wants of the university may from time to time
demand, in all cases fixing their compensation.
Alt meetings of said board may be called in
such manner as the trustees shall prescribe,
and nine of them so assembled shall constitute
a quorum to do business, and a less number
may adjourn from time to time.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
university shall consist of the following depart-
ments, and such others as the board of trustees
may establish: first, normal; second, colle-
giate; third, theological; fourth, law; fifth,
medicine; sixth, agriculture.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the
immediate government of the several depart-
ments, subject to the control of the trustees,
shall be intrusted to their respective faculties,
but the trustees shall regulate the course of in-
struction, prescribe, with the advice of the pro-
fessors, the necessary text-books, confer such
degrees, and grant such diplomas as are usually
conferred and granted in other universities.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
board of trustees shall hav  power to remove
any "professor or tutor or other officers con-
nected with the institution, when, in their
judgment, the interest of the university shall
require it.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the
board of trustees shall publish an annual re-
port, making an exhibit of the affairs of the
university.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That no
misnomer of the said corporation shall defeat
or annul any donation, gift, grant, devise, or
bequest to or from the said corporation.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the
said corporation shall not employ its funds or
income, or any part thereof, in banking opera-
tions or for any,purpose or object other than
those expressed in the first section of this act;
and that nothing in this act contained shall
be so construed as to prevent Congress from
altering, amending, or repealing the same.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CLXIII.—An Act supplemental to "An
Act to establish the Treasury Department,"
approved the second of September, seven-
teen hundred and eighty-nine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury shall have power, by an appointment
under his hand and official seal, to delegate
to one of the Assistant Secretaries of the Treas-
ury authority to sign in his stead all warrants
for the payment of money into the public
Treasury, and all warrants for the disburse-
ment from the public Treasury of money certi-
fied by the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury to be due upon accounts duly audited
and settled by them; and such warrants so
signed shall be in all cases of the same valid-
ity as if they had been signed by the Secretary
of the Treasury himself.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CLXIV.—An Act to amend an Act
entitled "An Act to incorporate the National
Theological Institute," and to define and
extend the Powers of the same.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the act entitled ' ' An
act to incorporate the National Theological
Institute," approved May tenth, one thousand
eight hundred and sixty-six, be, and the same
is hereby, amended as follows:.
Sec. 1. That the name of the aforesaid cor-
poration shall be, and hereby is, changed to
that of " The National Theological Institute and
University."
Sec. 2. That the said corporation may hold
property in real estate in value not exceeding
two hundred and fifty thousand dollars at any
one time.
Sec. 3. That the said corporation shall be
authorized to extend its privileges and facilities
of instruction to others than those connected
with the Christian ministry, confer degrees and
do all other acts and things which usually per-
tain to universities in the United States, the
terms of admission to such privileges being the
same as those usual in said universities.'
Approved, March 2,1867.
Chap. CLXV.—An Act extending the Time
for the Completion of certain Street Rail-
ways.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Htmse.of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That section seventeen of
the Act to incorporate the Metropolitan Rail-
road Company, in the District of Columbia,"
approved July first, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, be, and the same is hereby, still
further amended, so as to extend the time for
the completion of their railroad line, except
that part thereof between Seventeenth street
and the Capitol, for three years from the first
day of January, eighteen hundred and sixty-six.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
