204
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
In the office of the Auditor for the Post
Office Department:
For contingent expens«s of the office, ten
thousand dollars.
In the office of the Treasurer:
For contingent expenses of the office, seven
thousand dollars.
In the office of the Register:
For miscellaneous items, including office
furniture, six thousand dollars.
Office of the Solicitor of the Treasury:
For blank books, binding, stationery, labor,
and miscellaneous items, and for statutes and
reports, and for care of library, four thousand
two hundred dollars.
Office of the Commissioner of Customs:
For stationery, miscellaneous items, and
office furniture, fitting up files, and safe for
depositing official bonds, five thousand dollars.
Light-House Board, viz:
For miscellaneous expenses and postage,
one thousand five hundred dollars.
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency:
For contingent expenses of the office, five
thousand dollars.
Office of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue:
For office furniture, maps, labor, miscella-
neous items, and other contingent expenses,
fifty thousand dollars.
Bureau of Statistics.
For contingent expenses, namely, laborers,
office furniture, carpets, fitting up files, and
miscellaneous items, four thousand dollars.
For the collection of statistics of mines and
minings, fifteen thousand dollars.
For stationery for the Treasury Department
and the several bureaus, one hundred thousand
dollars.
For the general purposes of the Southeast
Executive Building, including the Extension.«
For compensation of twelve watchmen and
eleven laborers of the Southeast Executive
Building, sixteen thousand five hundred and
sixty dollars.
For contingent expenses of said building,
viz: for fuel, light, labor, and miscellaneous
items, one hundred thousand dollars.
For rent of buildings for the accommoda-
tion of clerks who cannot be accommodated
in the Treasury building, two thousand dollars.
DEPARTMENT OP THE INTERIOR.
For compensation of the Secretary of the
Interior, Assistant Secretary, chief clerk, and
the clerks, messenger, assistant messengers,
watchmen, and laborers in his office, forty-eight
thousand seven hundred dollars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, chief clerk, recorder,
draughtsman, assistant draughtsmen, clerks,
messengers, assislant messengers, packers,
watchmen, and laborers in his office, one hun-
dred and seventy-eight thousand two hundred
dollars.
For compensation of additional clerks in the
General Land Office, under the act of third
March, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-
five, granting bounty land, and for laborers
employed therein, fifty-eight thousand six hun-
dred and forty dollars: Provided, That the
Secretary of the Interior, at his discretion,
shall be, and he is hereby, authorized to use
any portion of said appropriation for piece-
work, or by the day, week, month, or year,
at such rate or rates as he may deem just and
fair, not exceeding a salary of twelve hundred
dollars per annum: And provided further,
That such work shall be given only to persons
in indigent circumstances, and to the soldiers
and to the widows of soldiers who served in
the Union Army during the late rebellion, and
to be done only by the employ^ in persoii.
For compensation of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, chief clerk, and the clerks^
messenger, assistant messenger, watchmen,
and laborer in his office, thirty-two thousand
six hundred dollars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of
Pensions, chief clerk, and the clerks, messen-
gers, -assistant messengers, watchmen, and
laborers in his office, two hundred and sixteen
thousand nine hundred and twenty dollars.
For additional clerks in the Pension Office,
forty-one thousand dollars: Provided, That
the Secretary of the Interior, at his discretion,
shall be, and is hereby, authorized to use any
portion of said appropriation for piece-work,
or by the day, week, month, or year, at such
rate or rates as he may deem just and fair, not
exceeding a salary of twelve hundred dollars
per annum.
Contingent Expenses—Department of the
Interior.
Office of the Secretary of the Interior:
For stationery, furniture, and other contin-
gencies, and for books and maps for the library,
ten thousand dollars.
For casual repairs of the Patent Office
building, including the laying of a pavement
on the old wing, twenty thousand dollars.
For expenses of packing and distributing
congressional journals and documents, in pur-
suance of the provisions contained in the joint
resolution of Congress approved twenty-eighth
January, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, and
act fifth February, eighteen hundred and fifty-
nine, six thousand dollars.
For fuel and lights for the Patent Office
building, including the salaries of engineer
and assistant engineer of the furnaces and
repairs of the heating apparatus, eighteen
thousand dollars.
Office of the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs :
For blank books, binding, stationeiy, and
miscellaneous items, including two of thedpily
city newspapers, to be filed, bound, and pre-
served for the use of the office, five thousand
dollars.
Office of the Commissioner of Pensions:
For stationery, engraving, and retouching
plates for bounty land warrants, printing and
binding the same, office furniture, and repair-
ing the same, and miscellaneous items, includ-
ing two daily newspapers, to be filed, bound,
and preserved for the use of the office, and for
detection and investigation of fraud, twenty-
two thousand dollars.
Office of the Commissioner of Public
Buildings:
For compensation of the Commissioner of
Public Buildings, and the clerk and messenger
in his office, four thousand seven hundred dol-
lars.
For stationery, blank books, plans, draw-
ings, and other contingent expenses of his
office, five hundred dollars.
Surveyors General and their Clerks.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Minnesota, and th* clerks in his office, eight
thousand three hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general
of the Territories of Dakota and Montana, and
the clerks in his office, six thousand three hun-
dred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general
of Kansas, and the clerks in his office, seven
thousand dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general
of Iowa and Nebraska, declared a surveying
district by the actof Congress entitled "An act
to remove the office of surveyor general of the
States of Iowa and Wisconsin to Plattsmouth,
Nebraska," approved July twenty-eight, eight-
een hundred and sixty-six, which is fixed at two
thousand dollars per annum, and the clerks in
his office, seven thousand dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor ganeral
pf the Territories of Colorado and Utah, and
the clerks in his office, seven thousand dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general
of New Mexico and Arizona, three thousand
dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
California and the clerks in his office, fourteen
thousand dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Idaho Territory and the clerks in his office, five
thousand dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Nevada and the clerks in his office, seven
thousand dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Oregon, and the clerks in his office, six thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Washington Territory, and the clerks in his
office, four thousand six hundred and nine
dollars.
For compensation of recorder of land titles
in Missouri, five hundred dollars.
Rent of Surveyors GeneraVs Offices.
For rent of surveyor general's office in Ore-'
gon, fuel, books, stationery, and other inci-
dental expenses, including pay of messenger,
fifteen hundred dollars.
For rent of surveyor general's office of Cal-
ifornia, fuel, books, stationery, and other inci-
dental expenses, including pay of messenger,
five thousand dollars.
• For office rent for the surveyor general of
Washington Territory, fuel, books, stationery,
and other incidental expenses, two thousand
dollars.
For office rent of the surveyor general of
Kansas, fuel, books, stationery, and other inci-
dental expenses, two thousand dollars.
For office rent of the surveyor general of
Iowa and Nebraska, fuel, books, stationery,
and other incidental expenses, two thousand
dollars.
For rent of surveyor general's office in the
Territories of Dakota and Montana, fuel, books,
stationery, and other incidental expenses, one
thousand one hundred dollars.
For rent of office for the surveyor general of
Colorado and Utah Territories, fuel, books,
stationery, and other incidental expenses, two
thousand dollars.
For rent of office of the surveyor general of
Idaho, two thousand dollars.
For rent of office for the surveyor general of
Nevada, two thousand dollars.
For defraying the expenses of the Supreme
Court and district courts of the United States,
including the District of Columbia, and also
for jurors and witnesses, in aid of funds arising
from fines, penalties, and forfeitures, in the fis-
cal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-eight, and previous years, and
likewise for defraying the expenses of suits in
which the United States are concerned, includ-
ing legal assistance to the Attorney General,
and other special and extraordinary expendi-
tures in cases in the Supreme Court of the
United States in which the United States are
concerned, and of prosecutions for offenses
committed against the United States, and for
the safe keeping of prisoners, one million three
hundred thousand dollars.
WAR DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of the Secretary of War,
Assistant Secretary of War, chief clerk, and
the clerks, messenger, assistant messengers,
and laborer in his office, sixty-one thousand
three hundred and eighty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and mes-
sengers in the office of the Adjutant General,
two hundred and sixteen thousand seven hun-
dred dollars.
For compensation of the clerks, messengers,
assistant messengers, and laborers, in the office
of the Quartermaster General, three hundred
and ninety-nine thousand three hundred and
sixty dollars.
For compensation of the chief clerk, clerks,
messengers, assistant messengers, and laborers
in the office of the Paymaster General, two
