1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
207
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
ciate judges, and secretary, twelve thousand
dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Territory,
one thousand dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the mem-
bers'of the Legislative Assembly, officers,
clerks, and contingent expenses of the Assem-
bly, twenty thousand dollars.
Territory of Montana.
For compensation of Governor and superin-
tendent of Indian affairs, chief justice, and
two associate judges, and secretary, twelve
thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Territory,
one thousand dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the mem-
bers of the Legislative Assembly, officers,
clerks, and contingent expenses, twenty thou-
sand dollars.
judiciary.
Office of the Attorney General.
For salaries of the Attorney General, Assist-
ant Attorney General, law clerk, and chief
. clerk, and the clerks and messenger in his
office, twenty-seven thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For additional compensation to one messen-
ger, under provisions of act of July twenty-
three, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, one
hundred dollars.
Contingent expenses of the office of the
Attorney General, namely:
For fuel, labor, furniture, stationery, and
miscellaneous items, seven thousand dollars.
For purchase of law and necessary books
for the office of the Attorney General, one
thousand dollars.
For the purchase of reports of the Supreme
Court of the United States, for the use of the
Department of State, one thousand dollars.
Justices of the Supreme Court of the United
States.
For salaries of the Chief Justice and seven
associate justices, forty-eight thousand five
hundred dollars.
For one associate justice, six thousand dol-
lars.
For traveling expenses of the judge assigned
to the ninth circuit for attending session of the
■ Supreme Court of the United States, one thou-
sand dollars.
For salaries of the district judges of the Uni-
ted States, one hundred and twenty-one thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For salaries of the chief justice of the supreme
court of the District of Columbia, the asso-
ciate judges, and judge of the orphans' court,
nineteen thousand dollars.
For salary of the reporter of the decisions
of the Supreme Court of the United States,
two thousand five hundred dollars.
For the purchase of reports of the Supreme
Court of the United States for the use of the
Department of State, one thousand dollars.
For compensation of the district attorneys,
eighteen thousand five hundred and fifty dol-
lars.
For compensation of the district marshals,
eleven thousand three hundred dollars.
For necessary expenses in carrying into
effect the several acts of Congress authorizing
loans and the issue of Treasury notes, two
million dollars.
For facilitating comfhunication between the
Atlantic and Pacific States by electrical tele-
graph, forty thousand dollars.
For expenses in detecting and bringing to
trial and punishment persons engaged in coun-
terfeiting Treasury notes, bonds, and other
securities of the United States, as well as the
coins of the United States, one hundred and
fifty thousand dollars.
For supplying deficiency in the fund for the
relief of sick and disabled seamen, two hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars.
For salaries of commissioners under "An
act to provide for the revision and consolida-
tion of the statute laws of the United States,"
approved June twenty-seventh, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, and for clerical services
and other incidental expenses, the printing to
be done by the Government Printing Office,
seventeen thousand dollars.
For compensation to the laborer in charge
of the water-closets in the Capitol, five hun-
dred and thirty-eight dollars.
For compensation of four laborers in the
Capitol, two thousand four hundred dollars.
For compensation to the public gardener,
one thousand four hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of a foreman and twenty-
one laborers employed in the public grounds,
thirteen thousand four hundred dollars.
For compensation of the keeper of the
western gate, Capitol square, eight hundred
and seventy-six dollars.
For compensation of two day watchmen
employed in the Capitol square, one thousand
eight hundred dollars.
To enable the Commissioner of Public
Buildings to pay two policemen at the Presi-
dent's House, twenty-six hundred and forty
dollars.
For compensation of the doorkeeper at the
President's House, one thousand dollars.
For compensation of two watchmen at the
President's House, eighteen hundred dollars.
For compensation of three watchmen on the
Dome, two thousand seven hundred dollars.
For compensation of a person to take care
of the heating apparatus of the Library of
Congress, one thousand dollars.
For compensation of assistant doorkeeper
at the President's House, six hundred dollars.
For compensation of one night watchman at
the public stables and carpenters' shops south
of the Capitol, one thousand dollars.
For compensation of five watchmen in res-
ervation number two, four thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For compensation of eight draw-keepers at
the Potomac bridge, and for fuel, oil, and
lamps, seven thousand five hundred and fifty-
three dollars and sixty cents.
For compensation of two draw-keepers at
the two draw-bridges across the eastern branch
of the Potomac, and for fuel, oil, and lamps,
one thousand three hundred and ninety-six
dollars.
For compensation of furnace-keeper nnder
the old Hall of the House of Representatives,
six hundred dollars.
For compensation of watchman in Franklin
square, nine hundred dollars.  
For compensation of furnace-keeper at the
President's House, six hundred dollars.
For additional compensation of one hundred
dollars each to six watchmen, at nine hundred
dollars; and of twenty per centum of five
laborers in the Capitol, one foreman and
twenty-one laborers on public grounds, one
gate-keeper, two day and two night watchmen,
and two furnace-keepers, four thousand seven
hundred and sixty-two dollars and eighty cents.
metropolitan police.
For salaries and other necessary expenses
of the Metropolitan police for the District of
Columbia, two hundred ancT eight thousand
eight hundred and fifty dollars. And the com-
pensation of said Metropolitan police force,
officers, and clerks, be, and the same is hereby,
increased fifty per centum upon the amount
hereby appropriated, commencing on the first
day of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven,
said increase to be borne by the cities of
Washington and Georgetown, and the county
of Washington, in the District of Columbia,
in the proportion equal to the number of patrol-
men allotted severally to the city of Washing-
ton, to the city of Georgetown, and the county
of Washington, beyond the limits of the said
city, and the levy court of said county be, and
they are hereby, authorized and required to
levy a special tax, not exceeding one quarter
of one per centum, for the purpose aforesaid:
Provided, That hereafter no person shall be
appointed as policeman or watchman who has
not served in the Army or Navy of the United
States, and received an honorable discharge.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That
the proviso contained in the third section of
chapter two hundred and ten of the act of
July second, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
shall be construed to embrace all suits to
which the United States shall be a party in
the Court of Claims, either plaintiff or de-
fendant.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of War is hereby authdPized to
direct a geological and topographical explora-
tion of the territory between the Rocky mount-
ains and the Sierra Nevada mountains in-
cluding the route or routes of the Pacific
railroad: Provided, That the same can be done
out of existing appropriations.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CLXVTI.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for sundry Civil Expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, and for
other purposes.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated,
for the objects hereafter expressed, for the
fiscal year ending the thirtieth June, eighteen
hundred and sixty-eight, viz:
survey op the coast.
For the survey of the Atlantic and Gulf
coasts of the United States, including compen-
sation of civilians engaged in the work, and
excluding pay and emoluments of officers of
the Army and Navy, and petty officers and
men of the Navy employed in the work, two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For continuing the survey of the western
coast of the United States, including compen-
sation of civilians engaged in the work, one
hundred and thirty thousand dollars.
For continuing the survey of the South Flor-
ida reefs, shoals, keys, and coast, including
compensation of civilians engaged in the work,
and excluding pay and emoluments of the
officers of the Army and Navy, and petty offi-
cers' and men of the Navy employed in the
work, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For publishing the observations made in the
progress of the coast survey of the United
States, including compensation of civilians
employed in the work, five thousand dollars.
For repairs and maintenance of the comple-
ment of vessels used in the coast survey,
thirty thousand dollars.
For pay and rations of engineers for four
steamers used in the hydrography of the coast
survey, no longer supplied by the Navy De-
partment, ten thousand dollars.
ligiit-house establishment.
For the Atlantic, Gulf, Lake, and Pacific
coasts, viz :
For supplying the light-houses and beacon-
lights with oil, wicks, glass chimneys, chamois
skins,whiting, spiritsot'wine, polishing powder,
cleaning towels, brushes, and other necessary
expenses of the same, and repairing and keep-
ing in repair the lighting apparatus, two hun-
dred and fortv-six thousand seven hundred
and seventeen dollars.
For repairs and incidental expenses, im-
proving and refitting light-houses and build-
ings connected therewith, two hundred and
fire thousand dollars.
For salaries of five hundred and eighty-nine
keepers of light-houses and lighted beacons,
and their assistants, two hundred and fifty-four
thousand dollars.
For salaries of forty-three keep«rg of light-
