186T]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
209
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
ernment, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, fifty
thousand dollars.
For repairs and preservation of custom-
houses and other public buildings, twenty-five
thousand dollars.
For repairs of the building used as the cus-
tom-house and post office at Mrddletown, Con-
necticut, six thousand dollars; and for the
erection, underthe direction of the Light-House
Board, of an iron spindle on Success Rock,
Long Island sound, five hundred dollars, or
so much thereof as shall be necessary.
For the payment of fixtures and furniture
furnished to said office, six hundred dollars.
For furniture and repairs of furniture of cus-
tom-houses and other public buildings, twenty-
five thousand dollars.
For burglar and fire-proof vaults and safes
for depositories, twenty thousand dollars.
For replacing galvanized iron roofs with
copper or slate roofs, twenty-five thousand
dollars.
For furniture, carpets, and miscellaneous
expenses of Treasury buildings, thirty-five thou-
sand dollars.
To defray the expenses of a survey of a
tract of land for a park and site for a Presi-
dential Mansion, made under the resolution of
the Senate requesting the same, two thousand
five hundred dollars.
For heating apparatus for public buildings,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For United States court-house and post of-
fice at Des Moines, Iowa, eighty-five thousand
dollars.
For the completion of the approaches and
fencing to the Treasury building, fifty thou-
sand dollars.
For continuation of the Treasury extension,
fifty thousand dollars.
For repairs and alterations in the New York
custom-house, thirty thousand dollars.
For furniture and repairs of the same, seven
thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
purchase thirty copies of the first nine volumes
of the United States Statutes-at-Large, nine
hundred and forty-five dollars.
To" enable the Secretary of the Interior to
adjust and settle the accounts of James Tufts
for enumerating the inhabitants of the Terri-
tory of Montana, under the direction of the
Governor of said Territory, as authorized by
the act of May twenty-sixth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, entitled "An act to provide a
temporary government for the Territory of
Montana," the sum of six thousand nine hun-
dred and ninety-six dollars, or so much thereof
as may be necessary.
For heating with steam tho Supreme Court
room, law library, and the passages and stair-
ways adjacent [to] the court-room," and for
other improvements and repairs of said court-
room, fifteen thousand dollars.
For the compensation of eight extra clerks
of class two in the office of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, eleven thousand two hun-
dred dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to Lewis Heyl for compiling statutes pre-
scribing the rates of duties on imports, and
making index to the tariff bill now pending,
one thousand dollars.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS AND GROUNDS.
For care, support, and medical treatment
of sixty transient paupers, medical and surgi-
cal patients, in some proper medical institution
in the city of Washington, under a contract to
be formed with such institution by the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings, twelve thousand
dollars, orso much thereof as may benecessary.
For hire of carts on the public grounds, two
thousand dollars.
For purchase and repair of tools used in tho
public grounds, four hundred dollars.
For the purchase of trees and tree-bo*es, to
replace, when necessary, such as have been
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 14.
planted by the United States, to whitewash
tree-boxes and fences, and to repair pave-
ments in front of the public grounds, three
thousand dollars.
For annual repairs of the Capitol water-
closets, public stables, water-pipes, pavements,
and other walks within the Capitol square,
broken glass, and locks, and for the protection
of the building, and keeping the main ap-
proaches to it unencumbered, twelve thousand
dollars, in addition to the sale of old material.
For lighting the Capitol and President's
Houseand public grounds around them, around
the executive offices and Pennsylvania avenue,
fifty-five thousand dollars.
For lighting Four-and-a-half street, across
the Mall, and Maryland avenue west, and
Sixth street south, fifteen thousand dollars:
Provided, That the corporation of Washington
city shall light their lamps with seven -feet
burner[s] twenty-one nights in each month,
from dark until daylight, and that no part of
this appropriation shall be disbursed until it is
proved to the satisfaction of the Commissioner
of Public Buildings that said corporation have
so lighted their street lamps.
For pay of lamp-lighters, gas-fitting, plumb-
ing, lamp-posts, lanterns, glass, paints, match-
es, materials and repairs of all sorts, twenty-
five thousand dollars.
For casual repairs of the navy-yard and upper
bridges, six thousand dollars.
For fuel for the President's House, five
thousand dollars.
For repairs of Pennsylvania avenue, and
sprinkling the same, and keeping it clean and
free from dirt, two thousand dollars.
For improvement and taking care of public
reservation number two and La Fayette square,
in addition to the sale of hay which may be
raised on the former, three thousand dollars.
For taking care of the grounds south of the
President's House, continuing the improve-
ment of the same, and repairing fences, three
thousand dollars.
For repairs of water-pipes, five hundred dol-
lars.
For cleaning and repairing sewer traps on
Pennsylvania avenue, eight hundred dollars.
For casual repairs of all the furnaces under
the Capitol, five hundred dollars.
For hauling manure for top-dressing the
public grounds, five hundred dollars.
For purchase of fuel for the center building
of the Capitol, fifteen hundred dollars.
For taking care of the Circle on Pennsyl-
vania avenue, one thousand dollars.
For continuing the grading and repairing of
Virginia avenue, ten thousand dollars.
For the necessary expenses to be incurred
in consequence of opening Sixth street west
across the Mall, and in making fences, two
thousand dollars.
For renewing the heating apparatus at the
President's House, eight thousand dollars.
For laying a new pipe from the K street main
to the Capitol, in order to supply the building
at all times with a full flow of water, five thou-
sand dollars.
Toenable the Commissionerof Public Build-
ings to put in thorough repair the conservatory
recently injured by fire at the President's Man-
sion, ten thousand dollars.
For the construction of a new greenhouse,
with central dome and a wing, to correspond
in size with the present greenhouse in the
Botanic Garden, to be built of iron and glass,
according to a plan prepared by the architect
of the Capitol extension, and approved by the
joint Committee on the Library, thirty-five
thousand dollars; the same to be expended
under direction of the joint Committee on the
Library of Congress.
For enabling the Commissioner to cause the
old and useless lightning-rods on the Presi-
dent's House to be removed, and Hawley's
improved patent conductors substituted for
them, two hundred and fifty dollars.
For enabling the Commissioner to employ a
suitable electrician to take care of and operate
the lighting apparatus of the Dome of the Cap-
itol, twelve hundred dollars.
For repairing in front of the War Depart-
ment on Pennsylvania avenue and on Seven-
teenth street with stone flagging, sixteen thou-
sand dollars.
For annual repairs of the President's House,
six thousand dollars.
For top-dressing for public grounds and cart-
age for same, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For purchase of tools for public grounds,
five hundred dollars.
For purchase of flower-pots, mats, glasses,
putty, wire, twine, and so forth, for use on tho
greenhouse, one hundred dollars.
For the removal of the foot-bridge on Maine
avenue, now of no further use at that point,
to Third street west, which the Commissioner
of Public Buildings is hereby directed to have
done, three hundred dollars.
To complete the culvert through the Botanic
Garden, fifteen thousand dollars.
For removing snow and ice from pavements
and public walks, three hundred dollars.
For manure and cartage of the same for
Smithsonian grounds and public reservations,
one thousand dollars.
For completing the improvement of Franklin
square, graveling walks, and deepening tho
same, and purchasing and planting trees and
shrubbery, five thousand dollars.
For improvements on reservations on New
York, Massachusetts, Vermont, and Maryland
avenues, the same being now inclosed, manure,
trenching, the purchase of trees and shrubbery,
four thousand dollars.
For further improvement of the Circle on
Pennsylvania avenue, six hundred dollars.
For purchase and planting of trees and boxes
for the same, replacing those that have been
destroyed on the streets, heretofore planted by
the Government, two thousand dollars.
For painting the iron fences around La Fay-
ette square, in front of the War and Navy
Departments, in front of the Executive Man-
sion, and the Government portion of the fence
around Judiciary square, five thousand dollars.
For new crossings on Pennsylvania avenue,
five thousand dollars.
For annual repairs of fences around the
public reservations, one thousand dollars.
For lighting the Rotunda of the Capitol with
gas, by a branch from the electric battery
which lights the Dome, three thousand dollars.
To enable the joint Committee on the Li-
brary of Congress to purchase the historical
library of Peter Force for the Library, one hun-
dred thousand dollars.
To enable the joint Committee on the Li-
brary of Congress to purchase the bust of
Pulaski, now in the old Hall of the House of
Representatives, executed by the late Henry
D. Saunders, one thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
pay for books of record heretofore furnished
in the office of the register of deeds of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, aud fitting necessary shelv-
ing in said office, six hundred dollars.
For salary of warden of the jail in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, two thousand dollars.
To enable the Commissioner of Agriculture
to erect a Department of Agriculture on res-
ervation number two, in the city of Washing-
ton, according to the plan proposed by him,
to be constructed under the general provisions
of laws relating to the construction of public
buildings, one hundred thousand dollars.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
For the preservation of the collections of
the exploring and surveying expeditions of the
Government, ten thousand dollars.
GOVERNJtfiNT HOSPITAL FOR THE INSANE.
For the support, clothing, and medical treat-
ment of die msane of the Army and Navy and
of the revenue-cutter service, and of the indi-
