210
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
gent insane of the District of Columbia, at the
Government hospital for the insane, in said
District, including five hundred dollars for
books, stationery, and incidental expenses,
ninety thousand live hundred dollars; and the
salary of the superintendent of the said hospi-
tal is hereby fixed at four thousand dollars per
annum.
For finishing, furnishing, lighting, and heat-
ing additional accommodations in the east
wing of the hospital edifice, occupied as a gen- i
eral Army hospital during the war, and still in
part unfinished, seven thousand dollars. j
For continuing the wall inclosing the grounds I
of the hospital, ten thousand dollars. (
For building a coal-house near the wharf, ]
two thousand dollars.
washington aqueduct.
For the payment of the employes in the ]
management, engineering, and repairs of the !
Washington aqueduct, twenty thousand dollars. !
patent office. j
For expenses of receiving, arranging, and
taking care of copyright books, charts, and
other copyright matter, one thousand eight :
hundred dollars, to be paid out of the Patent ;
Office fund. j
For preparing illustrations and descriptions j
for the report of the Commissioner of Patents, I
ten thousand dollars, to be paid out of the I
Patent Office fund. j
columbian institution for the deaf and i
dumb. |
For the support of the institution, including j
' one thousand dollars for books and illustrative j
apparatus, twenty-five thousand dollars: Pro- \
vided, That d^af mutes, not exceeding ten in j
number, residing in the several States and j
Territories of the United States, applying for '
admission to the collegiate department of the
institution, shall be received on the same terms
and conditions as those prescribed by law for
residents of the District of Columbia, at the
discretion of the president of the institution.
>For the erection, furnishing, and fitting up
of additions to the buildings of the institution,
to provide enlarged accommodations for the
male and female pupils and the resident offi-
cers of the institution, fifty-four thousand six
hundred and seventy-five dollars. j
For the enlargement and further improve- !
xnent of the grounds of the institution, includ- !
ing under-drainage, seven thousand five hun-
dred dollars. J
To furnish an increased supply of Potomac
water and for the erection of tanks to regulate
the distribution thereof, five thousand dollars,
to be expended under the direction of the presi-
dent of the institution.
columbia hospital.
' To aid in the support of the Columbia Hos-
pital for Women and Lying-in Asylum, in the
District of Columbia, ten thousand dollars.
expenses of collection of revenue from
sales of public lands.
For salaries and commissions of registers of
land offices and receivers of public money, two
hundred and six thousand one hundred dol-
lars.
For incidental expenses of the several land
offices, nineteen thousand four hundred dol-
lars.
surveying the public lands.
For surveying the public lands in Minnesota,
at rates not exceeding ten dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, seven dollars for town-
ship, and six dollars for section lines, fifteen
thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Dakota
Territory, including the lands along the Red
River of the North, at rates not exceeding ten
dollars per lineal mile for standard lines, seven
dollars for township, and six dollars for sec-,
tion lines, fifteen thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands.in Nebraska,
at rates not exceeding ten dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, six dollars for town-
ship, and five dollars for section lines, fifteen
thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Kansas, at
rates not exceeding ten dollars per lineal mile
for standard lines, six dollars for township,
and five dollars for section lines, fifteen thou-
sand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Idaho, at
rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per mile for
standard lines, twelve dollars for township, and
ten for section lines, fifteen thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Colorado,
at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, eight dollars for town-
ship, and seven dollars for section lines, fifteen
thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Nevada,
at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, twelve dollars for town-
ship, and ten dollars for section lines, twenty
thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Arizona,
at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, twelve dollars for town-
ship, and ten dollars for section lines, ten thou-
sand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in California,
at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, twelve dollars for town-
ship, and ten dollars for section lines, thirty
thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Oregon,
at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, twelve dollars for town-
ship, and ten dollars for section lines, twenty
thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Washing-
ton Territory, at rates not exceeding fifteen
dollars per lineal mile for standard lines, twelve
dollars for township, and ten dollars for sec-
tion lines, ten thousand dollars.
For the survey of the forty-second parallel
of north latitude, so far as it constitutes the
common boundary between the States of Cal-
ifornia and Oregon, estimated two hundred
and twenty miles, at not exceeding sixty dol-
lars per mile, thirteen thousand eight hundred
and forty-seven dollars.
For survey of boundary line between the
State of Oregon and the Territory of Idaho,
commencing at the northern boundary of the
State of Nevada, and running north to its
intersection with Snake river, estimated one
hundred and sixty miles, at not exceeding
sixty dollars per mile, nine thousand six hun-
dred dollars.
For the survey of the thirty-seventh parallel
of north latitude, so far as it constitutes the
northern boundary of the Territory of New
Mexico, estimated three hundred and twenty
miles, at not exceeding sixty dollars per mile,
nineteen thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
office of Commissioner of Public Buildings is
hereby abolished; and the chief Engineer of
the Army shall perform all the duties now
required by law of said Commissioner, and
shall also have the superintendence of the
Washington aqueduct and all the public works
and improvements of the Government of the
United States in the District of Columbia,
unless otherwise provided by law; and the
Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate and the Ser-
geant-at-Arms of the House of Representa-
tives shall hereafter appoint the members of
the Capitol police.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
Light-House Board be authorized to apply
any unexpended balance which may remain
after the completion of a light-house work on
the Pacific coast to the construction of any
other similar work upon the same coast, which
may have been authorized by Congress, but
for which the amount appropriated may prove
insufficient.
Sec.. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
Light-House Board is authorized, whenever
an appropriation has been or may be made by
Congress for a new light-house, the proper
site for which does not belong to the United
States, to purchase the necessary land, pro-
vided the purehase money be paid from the
amount appropriated for such light-house:
Provided, That no superintendent of lights,
whose compensation as collector of customs
exceeds three thousand dollars per annum,
shall receive any compensation as disbursing
agent for the Light-House Establishment,
■whether the sums disbursed by him be for arti-
cles to be used or services rendered within or
without the limits of his superintendency or
collection district.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
salary of the general appraiser in the city of
New York shall be three thousand dollars.
And the salaries of the assistant appraisers
at Boston, Philadelphia, Baltimore, New Or-
leans, Portland, and San Francisco shall be
twenty-five hundred dollars per annum.
Sec. C. And be it further enacted, That the
clerk of pardons in the Department of State
be placed upon the same footing in regard to
compensation for extraordinary services under
the amnesty proclamation of the twenty-ninth
May, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, as the
principal clerk of pardons in the Attorney
General's Office ; and any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated is hereby
appropriated for this purpose.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of the Clerk of the House of
Representatives to select in Virginia, South
Carolina, North Carolina, Georgia, Florida,
Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Texas, and
Arkansas, one or more newspapers, not ex-
ceeding the number now allowed by law, in
which such treaties and laws of the United
States as may be ordered for publication in
newspapers according to law shall be pub-
lished, and in some one or more of which so
selected all such advertisements as may be
ordered for publication of said districts, by
any United States court or judge thereof, or
by any officer of such courts, or by any execu-
tive officer of the United States, shall be pub-
lished, the compensation for which, and other
terms of publication, shall be fixed by said
clerk at a rate not exceeding two dollars per
page for the publication of treaties and laws,
and not exceeding one dollar per square of
eight lines of space for the publication of
advertisements, the accounts for which shall
be adjusted by the proper accounting officers
and paid in the manner now authorized bylaw
in the like cases; and said clerk shall, as soon
as practicable after the passage of this act,
notify each head of the several Executive
Departments, and each judge of the United
States courts therein, of the papers selected
by him in accordance with the foregoing pro-
visions; and thereupon and thereafter it shall
be the duty of the several executive officers
charged therewith to furnish to such selected
papers only an authentic copy of the publica-
tions to be made as aforesaid; and no money
hereby or otherwise appropriated shall be paid
for any publications or advertisements here-
after to be made in said districts, nor shall
any such publication or advertisement be or-
dered by any Department or public officer
otherwise than as herein provided: Provided,
That the rates fixed in this section to be paid
for the publication of the treaties and laws of
the United States in the States therein desig-
nated shall also be paid for the same publica-
tions in all the States not designated in this
section.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized
to sell, at public auction, the following property
belonging to the United States, namely: the
buildings and grounds, knownastheold custom-
house, at Alexandria, Virginia; the building
