1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
and grounds, known as the old custom-house,
at New Haven Connecticut; the building and
grounds, known as the old custom-house, at
Portsmouth, New Hampshire; the parcel of
ground, known as the old custom-house lot, at
Norfolk, Virginia; the parcel or lot of ground
purchased, in the city of Perth Amboy, New
Jersey, for the erection of a custom-house; and
the custom-house and grounds at Sackett's
Harbor, New York; and he is hereby author-
ized to make, execute, and deliver all needful
conveyances to the purchaser or purchasers
thereof.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Interior be directed to procure
an examination to be made of the condition of
the public buildings in the Territory of New
Mexico, and report to the next Congress an
estimate of what amount is necessary to com-
plete the same.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That all
advertisements, notices, and proposals for con-
tracts for all the Executive Departments of the
Government, and the laws passed by Congress
and executive proclamations and treaties, shall
hereafter be advertised by publication in the
two daily papers published in the District of
Columbia, now selected under the act of the
first session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress mak-
ing appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department, during the fiscal year end-
ing the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, and for other purposes, until oth-
erwise ordered by Congress, and in no other
District of Columbia papers: Provided, That
the charges for such publication shall not be
higher than such as are pai<£by individuals for
advertising in said papers: And provided also,
That the same publications shall be made in
each of said papers equally as to frequency:
Provided further, That all printing of any kind
ordered by the Executive Departments shall be
executed by the Government Printer when prac-
ticable, and if not, at such office as may be
designated by the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives, at rates not exceeding the current
rates for such printing.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That all
laws and parts of laws conflicting with the
above provisions with respect to the official
advertising in the District of Columbia be, and
are hereby, repealed.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of War is hereby authorized, at his
discretion, to increase the pay of the clerks of
the United States armory at Springfield, Mas-
sachusetts, to twelve hundred dollars per an-
num, instead of eight hundred dollars, as now
fixed by law.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That the
laws relating to the Army, Navy, militia, and
the Marine corps of the United States be pub-
lished officially in the United States Army and
Navy Journal, at such rates as are fixed by the
Secretary of State for the publication ot the
laws of the United States.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CLXVIII.— An Act making Appropri-
ations and to supply Deficiencies in the
Appropriations for the Service of the Gov-
ernment for the fiscal year ending June thir-
tieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, and
for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of^ Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, be,
and the same are hereby, appropriated for the
objects hereinafter expressed, for the fiscal year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, namely:
department of the interior.
Pension Bureau.
To meet deficiencies of the present fiscal
year on account of pensions for Army widows
and others under various acts, ten million dol-
lars.
For contingent expenses, ten thousand dol-
lars.
For Navy widows and orphans, seventy thou-
sand dollars: Provided, That said sum be
transferred from the Navy pension fund.
Engineers' Office.
To meet deficiencies of the present fiscal
year oil account of engineer officer having the
supervision of the Union Pacific railroad and
branches, land-grant railroads, and wagon-
roads, namely:
For compensation of clerks, three thousand ,
eight hundred dollars. !
For contingencies, five hundred dollars. j
!
Capitol Extension. I
For eight additional monolithic columns,
eleven thousand two hundred dollars. j
For ventilating, nine thousand dollars.
For supplying deficiency in appropriation for ■
work on the Capitol extension, twenty-nine
thousand eight hundred dollars.
* Census Office.
For the purpose of paying the amount due
to certain United States marshals and their
assistants for services rendered in taking the
eighth census, in the year eighteen hundred
and sixty, in the following States, viz : in the
State of California, nine thousand four hun-
dred and sixty dollars and forty-eight cents;
in the State of Maine, thirty-three dollars and
six cents; in the State of Ohio, forty-nine dol-
lars and sixty-nine cents; in the State of Ore-
gon, three thousand one hundred and sixty
dollars and twenty cents; in the State of Kan-
sas, sixty-eight dollars and forty cents; in the
State of Kentucky, nine thousand three hun-
dred and eleven dollars and fifty cents; in the
State of Maryland, four thousand seven hun-
dred and eighty-one dollars and forty cents ;
in the State of Missouri, eight thousand three
hundred and forty-three dollars; in the State
of Tennessee, twenty thousand eight hundred
and forty-two dollars and eighteen cents ; in
the Territory of New Mexico, seven hundred
'and eighty-four dollars and sixty-nine cents ;
in the Territory of Washington, ninety-nine
dollars and nine cents ; being in the aggregate
fifty-six thousand nine hundred and thirty-three
dollars and sixty-nine cents: Provided, That
no part of the sum hereby appropriated shall
be paid to or on account of any claimant who
participated in the late rebellion, or gave to it
aid ana comfort.
Indian Bureau.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, to pay the indebtedness incurred
for the Indian service in the State of Oregon
and Territory of Washington, in the years
eighteen hundred and sixty, eighteen hundred
and sixty-one, and eighteen hundred and sixty-
two, forty thousand dollars: Provided, That
such payments shallbe made only to the original
owner of the claims, and upon satisfactory
proof furnished the accounting officer.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay Isaac Strohm for additional services as a
clerk in the Treasury Department from January
first, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, to March
first, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, at the
same rate paid for similar additional services
prior to that date, four hundred and sixty-six
dollars and sixtyseven cents.
library op congress.
To enable the Librarian of Congress to em-
ploy two additional assistants, commencing
April first, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven,
two thousand four hundred dollars ; and there
is hereby added to the contingent fund of said
Library the sum of oile thousand dollars, to Be
expended for temporary help.
For six iron stairways, repairs and repaint-
ing in the Library of Congress, and for a new
skylight in the central Library, five thousand
two hundred and sixty dollars.
public buildings and grounds.
To pay for completing the repairs and fur-
nishing the Executive Mansion, thirty-five
thousand dollars: Provided, That no further
payments shall be made on any accounts for
repairs and furnishing the Executive Mansion
until such accounts shall have been submitted
to a joint committee of Congress, and approved
by such committee.
To replace the bruised and worn copper
water-pipes or roof gutters of the Capitol
building with iron pipes, three thousand dol-
lars.
To supply a deficiency in fuel for the Presi-
dent's House and for the Capitol, two thousand
dollars.
To pay for a poudrette pit at the President's
stable, five hundred and sixteen dollars and
nineteen cents.
To pay for repairing streets passing along
Government reservations where they were
washed away by the great freshet in October
last, one thousand five hundred dollars.
To pay for sewer in the rear of H street,
between Sixteenth and Seventeenth streets
west, to abate a public nuisance, two thousand
five hundred dollars.
To thoroughly repair the roof of the Ex-
ecutive Mansion, two thousand five hundred
dollars.
To pay deficiency and keep in repair the
bridge at or near Little Falls, Potomac river,
three thousand three hundred and fifty dollars.
To pay deficiencies in the contingent ex-
penses of the Senate as follows :
For additional messengers, seven thousand
dollars.
For additional labor in the folding-room and
material, ten thousand dollars.
For stationery, ten thousand dollars.
miscellaneous.
For deepening and improving Westport
harbor, Connecticut, twenty-five hundred dol-
lars.
For dredging and maintaining the channel
of the river Thames near Norwich, in the
State of Connecticut, to complete the work,
thirty-six thousand dollars. 1
For services rendered by the late F. M.
Botch in furnishing an original article "on
cattle" for the Agricultural Report of eighteen
hundred and sixty-one, two hundred and
twelve dollars and fifty cents, to be paid to
the widow.
For temporary clerks in the Treasury De-
partment for the fiscal year ending June thir-
tieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, fifty
thousand dollars: Provided, That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized in his discretion to classify the
clerks authorized according to the character
of their services.
For the purpose of enabling the Director of
the Mint to purchase publications relating to
metals and the manipulations thereof for the
Library of the Mint, one thousand dollars.
For defraying the expenses incurred by the
Department of State by sending telegraphic
dispatches over the Atlantic cable, thirty
thousand dollars for the current year.
For preservation and care of the unfinished
custom-house building at Charleston, South
Carolina, and fitting up the interior to provide
suitable offices for the use of the United States,
including court-rooms, twenty-five thousand
dollars.
To enable the Light-House Board to erect
in the lower bay of New York one or more
permanent beacons, forty-five thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
purchase the stereotype plates and copyright
of the American Coast Pilot, twenty thousand
^TtTenable the Secretary of the Interior to
