212
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL'GLOBE.
[March 2,
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
carry into effect the provision of the seventh
section of the act of Congress entitled "An act
granting the right of way to ditch and canal
owners over public lands, and for other pur-
poses." approved July twenty-six, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, thirty-six thousand dol-
lars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That
the unexpended balance of the appropriations
heretofore made for defraying the expenses of
the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
Nebraska is hereby diverted and set aside for
the purpose of procuring a geological survey
of Nebraska, said survey to be prosecuted under
the direction of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That
upon all merchandise gaugeable by law here-
after exported upon which drawback or return
duty is allowed, and upon all goods gaugeable
by law withdrawn from bonded warehouses for
export, there shall be levied and collected by
the collectors of the several ports ten cents
per cask.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
gaugers at the port of New York shall receive,
from and after the first day of April, eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven, an annual salary of
two thousand dollars: Provided, That the
amount of compensation of said officers as
hereby established shall not exceed in any
fiscal year the amount of fees earned by them.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
second section of an act making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government,
approved April seventh, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, is hereby so amended as to authorize
and require the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay the contractors, Butler and Carpenter, the
sum of twenty thousand dollars in full of all
their claims for indemnity therein referred to.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the
surplus sum, of two thousand dollars, now
standing on the books of the Treasury to the
credit of a fund to enable the joint Committee
on the Library to carry out a contract with
William H. Powell, authorized by a joint res-
olution approved March second, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-five, for a picture illustrative
of some naval victory, (said sum being in ex-
cess of the amount required to carry out said
contract,) is hereby transferred to the fund for
the purchase of books for the Library of Con-
gress.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
deputy surveyor at the port of San Francisco
be paid the same compensation annually that
is now paid to the deputy collector at said
port.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the
temporary clerks in the Quartermaster Gen-
eral's office shall receive the same compensa-
tion as is paid to first-class clerks, to take effcct
from and afterthe first day of January, eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven, and a sum sufficient
to pay the same is hereby appropriated.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the
salary of the district judge of the district of
California shall be five thousand dollars. The
salary of the district judge of the district of
Louisiana shall be four thousand five hundred
dollars. The salary of the district judge of
the district of Massachusetts, northern, south-
ern, and eastern districts of New York, east-
ern and western districts of Pennsylvania, the
district of Maryland, northern district of Illi-
nois, southern district of Ohio, and the district
of New Jersey, shall be four thousand dollars
each; and the salaries of the district judges of
every other district shall be three thousand five
hundred dollars each ; and said salaries shall
be in full compensation for all official services
performed by such judges, and shall take effect
at the commencement of the next fiscal year,
and no other allowance or payment shall be
made to them for travel, expenses, or other-
wise ; and the amount necessary to pay the
increased compensatiQn herein provided for
shall be paid out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
Sr.c. 10. And be it further enacted, That if
the Supreme Court shnll in any one year direct
its reporter to publish a second volume, for
such year, of its decisions, and if such second
volume shall be published accordingly, an ad-
ditional sum of fifteen hundred dollars shall be
paid said reporter therefor on the delivery by
said reporter to the Secretary of the Interior
for distribution, according to existing laws, of
! three hundred copies of such second volume
of said reports ; and the amount necessary to
pay the same is hereby appropriated.
j Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the
| notice required by the fourth section of the act
| entitled "An act to pay in part for publishing
j the debates in Congress, and for other pur-
! poses," approved July fourth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four, is hereby given that Con-
gress will, in two years from the close of the
present Congress, abrogate the provisions of
the first and second sections of said act.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized
to appoint in the office of the Commissioner
of Pensions, in addition to the clerks now au-
thorized in said office, twenty-eight clerks of
class one; twenty-four of class two ; eighteen
of class three ; and ten of class four; said
clerkships to expire at the end of two years,
and a sum sufficient to pay the salaries of said
clerks from the date of their appointment to
the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, and for the fiscal year ending the
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight, be, and the same is hereby, appropri-
ated.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CLXIX.—An Act to amend existing
Laws relating to Internal Revenue, and for
other purposes.
* Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all acts in relation
to the assessment, return, collection, and pay-
ment of the income tax, special tax, and other
annual taxes now by law required to be per-
formed in the month of May, shall hereafter
be performed on the corresponding days in the
month of March in each year; all acts re-
quired to be performed in the month of June,
in relation to the collection, return, and pay-
ment of said taxes, shall hereafter be performed
on the corresponding days of the- month of
April of each year: Provided, That on and
after the first day of September, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven, a tax of two and one
half cents per pound only shall be levied, col-
lected, and paid on any cotton produced within
the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That apoth-
ecaries, butchers, confectioners, and plumbers,
and gas-fitters, whose annual sales exceed
twenty-five thousand dollars, shall pay, in addi-
tion to the special tax now required by law,
one dollar for every thousand dollars in excess
of said twenty-five thousand dollars ; and the
taxes on such excess shall be assessed and
paid in the manner provided in the case of
wholesale dealers.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That in
all suits or proceedings arising under the inter-
nal revenue laws, to which the United States
is party, and in all suits or proceedings against
a collector or other officer of the internal rev-
enue, wherein a district attorney shall appear
for the purpose of prosecuting or defending, it
shall be the duty of said attorney, instead of
reporting to the Solicitor of the Treasury, im-
diately at the end of every term of the court
in which said suit or proceeding is or shall be
instituted, to forward to the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue a full and particular state-
ment of the condition of all Birch suits or pro-
ceedings appearing upon the docket of said
court: Provided, That upon the institution of
any such suit or proceeding it shall be the duty
of said attorney to report to said Commissioner
the full particulars relating to such suit or
proceeding; and it shall be the duty of the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, (with the
approval of the Secretary of the Treasury,) to
establish such rules and regulations, not incon-
sistent with law, for the observance of revenue
officers, district attorneys, and marshals, re-
specting suits arising under the internal rev-
enue laws, in which the United States is a
party, as may be deemed necessary for the just
responsibility of those officers and the prompt
collection of all revenues and debts due and
accruing to the United States under such laws.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall have
charge of all real estate which has been or
shall be assigned, set off, or conveyed, by pur-
chase or otherwise, to the United States, in
payment of debts arising under the laws relat-
ing to internal revenue, and of all trusts created
for the use of the United States, in payment
of such debts due them; and, with the ap-
proval of the Secretary of the Treasury, may
sell and dispose of, at public vendue, upon not
less than twenty days' notice, lands assigned
or set off to the United States in payment of
such debts, or vested in them by mortgage or
other security, for the payment of such debts;
and in cases where real estate has already
become the property of the United States by
conveyance or otherwise, in payment of or as
security for a debt arising under the laws
relating to internal revenue, and such debt shall
have been paid, ^together with the interest
thereon, at the rate of one per centum per
month, to the United States, within two years
from the date of the acquisition of such real
estate, it shall be lawful for the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, with the approval of the
Secretary of the Treasury, to release by deed,
or otherwise convey, such real estate to the
debtor from whom it was taken, or to his heirs
or other legal representatives.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That if
the manufacturer of any article upon which a
tax is required to be paid by means of a stamp
shall have sold or removed for sale any such
articles without the use of the proper stamp,
in addition to the penalties now imposed by
law for such sale or removal, it shall be the
duty of the proper assessor or assistant assess-
or, within a period of not more than two years
after such removal or sale, upon such informa-
tion as he can obtain, to estimate the amount
of the tax which has been omitted to be paid,
and to make an assessment therefor, and cer-
tify the same to the collector; and the subse-
quent proceedings for collection shall be in all
respects like those for the collection of taxes
upon manufactures and productions.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be lawful for the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue, whenever he shall deem it expe-
dient, to designate one or more of the assistant
assessors in any collection district to make
assessments in any part of such collection dis-
trict for all such taxes as may be due upon
any specified objects of taxation, and in
such case it shall be the duty of the other
assistant assessors of such collection district
to report to the assistant assessor thus spe-
cially designated all matters which may come
to their knowledge relative to any assess-
ments to be made by him: Provided, That
whenever two or more districts or parts
of districts are embraced within one county it
may be lawful for such assistant assessor or
assessors to make assessment anywhere within
such county upon such specified objects of
taxation as he may be by said Commissioner
required: Provided further, That such assess-
ment shall be returned to the assessor of the
district ia which such taxes are payable.
Sec. 7. And be it farther enacted, That the
Commissioner of Internal Uevenuo, with the
