1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
213
Laios of the United States.
39tii Coxg 2d Sess.
approval of the Secretary of the Treasury, is
hereby authorized to pay such suras, not ex-
ceeding in the aggregate the amount appropri-
ated therefor, as may in his judgment be deemed
necessary for detecting and bringing to trial
and punishment persons guilty of violating the
internal revenue laws, or conniving at the
same in cases where such expenses are not
otherwise provided for by law. And for this
purpose there is hereby appropriated one hun-
dred thousand dollars, or so much thereof as
may be necessary, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That
hereafter for any failure to pay any internal
revenue tax at the time and in the manner
required by law, where such failure creates a
liability to pay a penalty of ten per centum
additional upon the amount of tax so due and
unpaid, the person or persons So failing or
neglecting to pay said tax, instead of ten per
centum as aforesaid, shall pay a penalty of five
per centum, together with interest at the rate
of one per centum per month upon said tax
from the time the same became due, but no
interest for any fraction of a month shall be
demanded.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the
act entitled "An act to provide internal reve-
nue to support the Government, to-pay interest
on the public debt, and for other purposes,"
approved June thirty, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, as subsequently amended, be, and
the same is hereby, amended as follows, viz:
That section twenty-two be amended by
striking out after the words "assistant assess-
or," and before the word "actually," the
words "four dollars for every day," and in-
serting in lieu thereof the words "five dollars
for every day;" and further by striking out
the following words: "And assistant assessors
may be allowed, in the settlement of their ac-
counts, such sum as the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue shall approve, not exceeding
three hundred dollars per annum, for office
rent; but no account for such office rent shall
be allowed or paid until it shall have been
•rifled in such manner as the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue may require, and shall have
been audited and approved by the proper offi-
cers of the Treasury Department; and assist-
ant assessors, when employed outside of the
town in which they reside, in addition to the
compensation which they are now allowed by
law, shall, during such time so employed, re-
ceive one dollar per day." This amendment
shall take effect upon compensation for the
month of March, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, and thereafter.
That section twenty-four be amended by
inserting in the proviso to said section, after
the word "spirits," wherever it occurs, the
words "or other articles."
That section forty be amended by striking
ont the following words: "That in case a col-
lector shall die, resign, or be removed," and
inserting in lieu the following: "That in case
of a vacancy occurring in the office of col-
lector by reason of death, or any other cause."
That section seventy-three be amended by
striking ont all after the enacting clause and
inserting in lieu thereof the following: that
any person who shall exercise or carry on any
trade, business, or profession, or do any act
hereinafter mentioned, for the exercising,
carrying on, or doing of which a special tax is
imposed by law, without paytnent thereof, as
in that behalf required, shall, for every such
offense, besides being liable to the payment
of the tax, be subject to a fine or penalty of
not legs than ten por more than five hundred
dollars. And rPsuch person shall be a manu-
facturer of tobacco, snuff, or cigars, or a
wholesale or retail dealer in liquor, he shall
be further liable to imprisonment for a term
not less than sixty days and not exceeding two
yews, ~ . , ,
That section seventy-nine be amended as
follows : in paragraph four, by striking out the
following words: "In quantities of more than
three gallons at one and the same time to the
same purchaser, or." In paragraph five, by
striking out the following words: " In quanti-
ties of three gallons or less." In paragraph
thirty-one by adding thereto the following:
"Provided, That no special tax shall be re-
quired of any person for the manufacture of
butter or cheese." In paragraph thirty-two, by
inserting after the words "garden" and before
the word "who" the words " or traveling on
foot and peddling fruits, vegetables, pies, cakes,
and confectionery."
That section ninety be amended by inserting
after the word "cigars," and before the first
proviso in said section, the words "and all
proceedings relating to forfeiture and sale of
distilled spirits shall apply to tobacco, snuff,
and cigars."
That section ninety-four be amended as fol-
lows:
By striking out in the paragraph relating to
gas, the words "and until the thirtieth day of
April, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven."
[By striking out] the paragraphs relating to
"sugar and sugar refiners," and inserting in
lieu thereof the words :
" On all sugars produced from the sugar-
cane, and not from sorghum or imphee, other
than those produced by the refiner, a tax of
one cent per pound."
" On refined sugars, and on the products of
sugar refineries, not including sirup or molas-
ses, a tax of two per centum ad valorem : Pro-
vided, That every person shall be regarded as
a sugar refiner, and pay the taxes required by
law, whose business it is to advance the quality
and value of sugar by melting and recrystalli-
zation, or by liquoring, claying, or other wash-
ing process, or by any other chemical or
mechanical means, or who shall by boiling or
other process extract sugar from or advance
the quality or value of molasses, concentrated
molasses, or melado."
Also, in the paragraph relating to -wood
screws, by striking out the word "ten" and
inserting "five;"
Also, by striking out the paragraph relating
to "gunpowder," and inserting in lieu thereof
the following :
" On gunpowder, canister powder, five cents
per pound; sporting powder in kegs, one cent
per pound ; blasting powder in kegs or casks,
one half cent per pound."
Also, by striking out all from the words
" cigarettes or small cigars," in the first para-
graph relating to cigars, down to and including
the words "twenty per centum ad valorem on
the market value thereof," in the last para-
graph relating to cigars, and inserting in lieu
thereof the following:
"On cigarettes, cigars, and cheroots of all
descriptions, made of tobacco or any substi-
tute therefor, five dollars per thousand."
That section ninety-four be further amended
so that in lieu of the taxes now provided by
law upon the goods, wares, and merchandise
hereinafter mentioned, which shall be produced
and sold, or be manufactured or made and
sold, or be consumed or used by the manufac-
turer or producer thereof, or removed for con-
sumption or use, or for delivery for others than
agents of the manufacturer or producer within
the United States or Territories thereof, there
shall be assessed, collected, and paid the fol-
lowing taxes, to be paid by the producer or
manufacturer thereof, that is to say:
On boots and shoes, made wholly or in part
of India-rubber, two per centum ad valorem.
On hats, caps, bonnets, and hoods of all
descriptions, two per centum ad valorem.
On hoop-skirts, two per centum ad valorem.
On leather of all descriptions, and goat,
deer, calf, kid, sheep, horse, hog, and dog
skins, tanned or partially tanned, curried, fin-
ished, or in the rough, two and one half per
centum ad valorem.
On manufactures exclusively of glass, other
than window glass, three per centum ad va-
lorem.
On manufactures of wool, or of which wool
is the chief component material, or the com-
ponent material of chief value, two and a half
per centum ad valorem.
That section ninety-four be amended by add-
ing to the end of said section the following
words: "But no tax shall be imposed upon
the redy[e]ing or reprinting of cloths or other
articles."
That section ninety-six be amended by in-
serting after the words "and also all goods,
wares, and merchandise, and articles," and
before the words " made or manufactured from
materials," the words "not specially named
and taxed, and which are."
That section one hundred and three be
amended by striking out the word "three"
where it occurs in the second proviso, and
inserting the words "two and a half," and by
striking out the words "until the thirtieth day
of April, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven."
That schedule B, in relation to stamp duties,
named in section one hundred and fifty-one,
be amended by striking out of said schedule
the words "legal documents," and all there-
after, and inserting in lieu thereof the follow-
ing: "Provided, That the stamp duties imposed
by the foregoing schedule (B) on manifests,
bills of lading, and passage tickets, shall not
apply to steamboats or vessels plying between
ports of the United States and ports of British
North America: And provided further, That
all affidavits shall be exempt from stamp duty."
Also by inserting at the end of the last para-
graph relating to "probate of will" the follow-
ing words: "Provided, That no stamp either
for probate of wills, or letters testamentary,
or of administration, or on administrator or
guardian bond, shall be required when the
value of the estate and effects, real and per-
sonal, does not exceed one thousand dollars:
Provided further, That no stamp tax shall be
required upon any papers necessary to be used
for the collection from the Government of
claims by soldiers or their legal representa-
tives of the United States for pensions, back
pay, bounty, or for property lost in the ser-
vice. The reduction of taxes provided in this
section shall take effect 'on and after March
one, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven."
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the
act amendatory to the act entitled "An act to
provide internal revenue to support the Gov-
ernment, to pay interest on the public debt,
and for other purposes," approved June thirty,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, approved July
thirteen, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, be
amended as follows, viz:
That section ten be amended by adding after
the word "pupils," in the sixth paragraph of
said section, the word? "but not including
distilled spirits, mineral oil, tobacco, snuff, and
cigars."
Also, by striking out in the paragraph relat-
ing to monuments, after the word "monu-
ments," where it first occurs, the words "of
stone."
That scction eighteen be amended by add-
ing thereto the following: "Provided, That the
exemption herein shall not apply to tobacco,
snuff, and cigars manufactured, or spirits dis-
tilled, or petroleum refined, either in or for
such schools and colleges."
That section nineteen is hereby amended by
adding the following thereto: "And no suit
for the purpose of restraining the assessment
or collection of tax shall be maintained in any
court."
That section forty-three be amended by
striking out the last two sentences.
Amend section forty-eight of the act relating
to internal revenue, approved July thirteenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, so as to insert
in the proviso the word "thirds" after [the]
word "halves," and before the word "quar-
