216
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
with the possession by such person of a still
or other apparatus capable of use for distilling
upon the same premises, shall be deemed and
taken as presumptive evidence that such per-
son is a distiller.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted. That
hereafter all distilled spirits, before being re-
moved from the distillery, shall be inspected
and gauged by a general inspector of spirits,
who shall mark the barrels or packages in the
manner required by law; and so much of the
act approved July thirteen, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, as requires the appointment of
an inspector for each distillery established
according to law is hereby repealed: Provided,, !
that such other duties as have heretofore been
imposed upon inspectors of distilleries may be J
performed by such other duly appointed offi-
cers as may be designated by the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That
whenever, in the judgment of the collector,
there shall be a general bonded warehouse so
located as to be conveniently accessible to a
distillery, and in the same collection district,
the said collector shall direct all spirits which
may be stored in the bonded warehouse attached
to such distillery to be transferred directly to
a general bonded warehouse; and all spirits
thereafter produced in such distillery shall be
removed to a general bonded warehouse within
the time and in the manner heretofore required
for the removal to the bonded warehouse at-
tached to the distillery.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That no
spirits shall be removed in any cask or pack-
age containing more than ten gallons from any
premises or building in which the same may
have been distilled, redistilled, rectified, or
manufactured, nor from any place of storage
at any other times than after sun-rising and
before sun-setting, on pain of forfeiture of such
spirits, and every person who shall violate this
provision shall be liable to a penalty of one
hundred dollars for each cask, barrel, or pack-
age of spirits removed. Any officer of internal
revenue may be specially authorized by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue to seize
any property which may by law be subject to
seizure, and for that purpose such officer shall
have all the power conferred by law upon col-
lectors of internal revenue, and such special
authority shall be limited in respect of time,
place, and kind or class of property as the
said Commissioner may specify.
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be lawful for any internal revenue officer
to seize and detain any barrels, casks, or pack-
ages containing, or supposed to contain, dis-
tilled spirits, when such officfer has reason to
believe the tax imposed by law upon the same
has not been paid, or that they are being re-
moved in violation of law, and such packages
may be detained by such officer in a safe place
until it can be satisfactorily ascertained by the
proper officers whether the articles so seized
are liable to be proceeded against for violations
of the internal revenue laws.
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted, That
whenever any distilled spirits so found else-
where than in a bonded warehouse shall be
sold or offered for sale at a less price than the
tax imposed by law thereon, such selling or
offering for sale as aforesaid shall be taken
and deemed as prima facie evidence that said
Spirits have not been removed from a bonded
warehouse according to law, and that the tax
imposed by law on the same has not been
paid, and the same shall without further
evidence be liable to seizure and forfeiture:
Provided, That this section shall not apply to
spirits sold at public sale by an auctioneer who
has paid the special tax as such under such
rules and regulations, and upon such public
notice as may be prescribed by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, nor to sales made
by judicial or executive officers under the order
or decree of any court.
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of every person who empties
or draws off, or causes to be emptied or drawn
off, distilled spirits or other article subject by
law to tax, from a cask, barrel, or package,
bearing any of the marks or brands required
by law, or marks intended for or purporting
to be, or designed to have the effect of, such
marks, immediately upon such cask, barrel, or
package being emptied, to efface and obliter-
ate said marks or brands; and any person who
shall violate this provision shall be liable to a !
penalty of ten dollars for each offense; and I
any such cask, barrel, or package, from which i
said marks are not so effaced and obliterated
as herein required, shall be liable to forfeiture,
and may be seized by any officer of internal
revenue wherever found.
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted, That in
case any bond under which any distilled spirits
shall have been withdrawn from a bonded
warehouse is forfeited by failure to furnish or
produce at the proper time the evidence re-
quired by law or regulation th^t the articles
named in the bond were duly received and
actually stored in the warehouse or district to
which they were shipped, or by other breach
of the obligation, the obligors in the bond shall
pay the total amount of duties upon the articles
removed under the bond, together with fifty
per centum upoiuthat amount, and the collector
of the district in which such bond is or may
be given may forthwith distrain upon any
property, real or personal, subject to distraint
or seizure, belonging to said obligors ; and in
case no such property ean be found, the col-
lector shall immediately forward the bond to
the United States district attorney for the
proper district for suit, and notice of the breach
of the obligation of any such bond shall be
forthwith forwarded by the collector of the
district to the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue.
Sec. 24. And be it further enacted, That the
forty-fourth section of the act of July thirteen,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, aforesaid, be
amended by adding thereto as follows: Pro-
vided, That when any still used or fit for use
in the production of distilled spirits, the same
not exceeding one thousand dollars in value,
has been or shall be seized for any violation
of the laws relating to internal revenue, the
same shall not be released by the court to the
claimant, or any other intervening party, be-
fore judgment; and if declared forfeited, such
still shall be so destroyed as to prevent its use
for the purpose aforesaid, and the materials
thereof shall be sold as other forfeited prop-
erty. In case of seizure, as above, of a still
exceeding in value the sum of one thousand
dollars, its release to the claimant or any other
intervening party, before judgment, shall be at
the discretion of the court.
Sec. 25. And be it further enacted, That the
owner, agent, or superintendent of any still,
boiler, or other vessel used in the distillation
of spirits, who shall neglect or refuse to make
true and exact entry and report of the same,
or to do or cause to be done any of the things
by law required to be done concerning distilled
spirits, shall, in addition to other fines and pen-
alties now by law provided, forfeit for every
such neglect or refusal all the spirits made by
or for him, and all the vessels used in making
the same, and the stills, boilers, and other ves-
sels used in distillation, and all materials fit
for use in distillation found on the premises,
together with the sum of five hundred dollars
for each offense, to be recovered with costs of
suit, and shall be deemed guilty of a misde-
meanor, and be subject to imprisonment for a
term not exceeding one year; which said spir-
its, with the vessels containing the same, with
all the vessels used in making the same, and
all said materials, may be seized by the col-
lector and held by him until a decision shall
be had thereon according to law: Prodded,
That proceedings to enforce said forfeiture
shall be commenced by such collector within
twenty days after the seizure thereof. And
the proceedings to enforce said forfeiture of
said property shall be in the nature of a pro-
ceedingin rem, in the circuitor district [court]
of the United States for the district where such
seizure is made, or in any other court of com-
petent jurisdiction.
Sec. 26. And be it further enacted, That if
any collector, deputy collector, assessor, as-
sistant assessor, inspector, district attorney,
marshal, or other officer, agent, or person
charged with the execution or supervision of
the execution, or supervision of the execution
of any of the provisions of this act, or of the
act to which this is amendatory, shall demand,
or accept, or attempt to collect, directly or
indirectly, as payment or gift, or otherwise,
any sum of money or other property of value
for the compromise, adjustment, or settlement
of any charge or complaint for any violation, or
alleged violation, of any of the said provisions,
except as expressly authorized by law so to
do, he shall be held to be guilty of a misde-
meanor, and shall for every such offense be
liable to indictment and trial in any court of
the United States having competent jurisdic-
tion, and on conviction thereof shall be fined
in double the sum or value of the money or
property received or demanded, and be im-
prisoned for a period of not less than one year
nor more than ten years.
Sec. 27. And be it further enacted, That no
distilled spirits which have been forfeited to
the Government in accordance with law shall
be sold for a price less than the amount of the
tax required thereon by law at the time of such
sale. And if the officer having such spirits in
charge shall have been unable, for a period of
ninety days, to [sell] the same for a price equal
to the tax, such spirits shall be destroyed, un-
der such rules and regulations as the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue may prescribe.
Sec. 28. And be it further enacted, That if
any person shall falsely represent himself to
be a revenue officer of the United States, and
shall in such assumed character demand or
receive any money or other article of val*e
from any person for any duty or tax due to the
United States, or for any violation or pre-
tended violation of any revenue law of the
United States, such person shall be deemed
guilty of a felony, ana on conviction thereof
shall be liable to a fine of five hundred dol-
lars, and.to imprisonment not less than six
months and not exceeding two years, at the
discretion of the court.
Sec. 29. And be it further enacted, That no
person shall mix for sale naphtha and illumi-
nating oils, or shall knowingly sell or keep for
sale or offer for sale such mixture, or shall sell
or offer for sale oil made from petroleum for
illuminating purposes, inflam[m]able at less
temperature or fire test than one hundred and
ten degrees Fa[h]renheit, and any person so
doing shall be held to be guilty of [a] misde-
meanor, and on conviction thereof by indict-
ment or presentment in any court of the
United [States] having competent jurisdic-
tion, shall be punished by a fi ne of not less
than one hundred dollars nor more than five
hundred dollars, and by imprisonment for a
term of not less than six months nor more
than three years.
Sec. 30. And be it further enacted, That if
two or more persons conspire either to com-
mit any offense against the laws of the United
States, or to defraud the United States in any
manner whatever, and one or more of said
parties to said conspiracy shall do any act to
effect the object thereof, the parties to said
conspiracy shall be deemed guilty of a misde-
meanor, and on conviction thereof shall be
liable to a penalty of not less than one thou-
sand dollars and not more than ten thousand
dollars, and to impriso[n]ment not exceeding
two years. And when any offense shall be
begun in one judicial district of the United
