218
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
whatever, until the same shall be authorized by
Congress.
Sec. 7. And be it farther enacted. That the
Paymaster-General be authorized to pay under
such regulations as the Secretary of War shall
prescribe in addition to the amount received
by them, for the traveling expenses of such :
California and Nevada volunteers as were dis-
charged in New Mexico, Arizona, or Utah,
and at points distant from the place or places
of enlistment, such proportionate sum accord-
ing to the distance traveled as have been
paid to the troops of other States similarly
situated; and such amount as shall be neces-
sary to pay the same is hereby appropriated
out of any moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CLXXI.—An Act making Appropria-
tion for the Construction. Preservation, and
Repairs of certain Fortifications and other
Works of Defense for the fiscal year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty- ;
eight. I
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and they are hereby, appropriated, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, for the construction, preservation,
and repair of certain fortifications and other
works of defense for the year ending the thir-
tieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight:
For Fort Scammel, Portland, Maine, fifty
thousand dollars.
For Fort Georges, on Hog Island ledge, Port-
land, Maine, fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Winthrop, Boston, Massachusetts,
fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Warren, Boston, Massachusetts,
fifty thousand dollars.
For fort at entrance of New Bedford harbor,
Massachusetts, thirty thousand dollars.
For Fort Schuyler, East River, New York,
fifty thousand dollars.
For fort at Willett's Point, opposite Fort
Schuyler, New York, fifty thousand dollars.
For fort on site of Fort Tompkins, Staten
Island, New York, fifty thousand dollars.
For fort at Sandy Hook, New Jersey, fifty
thousand dollars.
For repairs of Fort Washington, on the Poto-
mac rivar, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For Fort Monroe, Hampton Roads, Virginia,
fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Taylor, Key West, Florida, fifty
thousand dollars.
For Fort Jefferson, Garden Key, Tortugas,
fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Clinch, Amelia Island, Florida,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For fort at Fort Point, San Francisco bay,
California, fifty thousand dollars.
For fort at Lime Point, California, fifty thou-
sand dollars.
For fort at Alcatraz Island, San Francisco
bay, California, one hundred thousand dollars.
For Fort Preble, Portland harbor, Maine,
fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort McClary, Portsmouth harbor, New
Hampshire, fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Independence, Boston harbor,
Massachusetts, fifty thousand dollars.
For survey of northern and northwestern
lakes, one hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Montgomery, at the outlet of Lake
Champlain, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For purchase and repair of instruments, ten
thousand dollars.
For purchase of sites now occupied and lands
proposed to be occupied for permanent sca-
coast defenses: Provided, That no such pur-
chase shall be made except upon the approval
of its expediency by the Secretary of War and
of the validity of the title by the Attorney Gen-
eral, fifty thousand dollars.
For purchase of sites now occupied by tem-
porary sea-coast defenses: Provided, That no
such purchase shall be made except upon the
approval of its expediency by the Secretary
of War and of the validity of the title by the
Attorney General, twenty-five thousand dol-
lars.
For construction and repair of barracks and
quarters for engineer troops at the depot of
engineer supplies near St. Louis, Missouri,
twenty thousand dollars.
For construction and repairs of bar[r]acks
for engineer troops at the depot of engineer
supplies at Willett's Point, New York, twenty-
five thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That there
shall not be over fifty per cent, of the foregoing
appropriations expended during the fiscal year
ending thirtieth June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight, and the residue thereof shall not be
expended till otherwise ordered.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That in
order to determine the relative powers of resist-
ance of the turret and the broadside systems Of
iron-clad vessels-of-war, and whether or not our
present heaviest guns are adequate to the rapid
destruction of the heaviest plated ships now
built, or deemed practicable on either system,
and whether or not our best stone forts will
resist our heaviest guns, and if not, what increase
in strength by adding either stone or iron or
variation in form is necessary to that end, the
Secretary of War and the Secretary of the Navy
are hereby authorized to detail a joint board
of not less than six competent officers, three
from the Army and three from the Navy, whose
duty it shall be to construct, and test by firing
upon them, such targets as they may deem
necessary for the purposes above named. And
the Secretary of War and the Secretary of the
Navy are hereby authorized and directed to
supply the board with such facilities for this
purpose as they may require : Provided, It can
be done from the unexpended funds and mate-
rials now at their disposal, the expenses to be
borne equally by the War and Navy Depart-
ments, and from such funds at their disposal as
the Secretary of War and the Secretary of the
Navy may designate respectively.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CLXXII.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for the Naval Service for the year ending
thirtieth June, eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and they are hereby, appropriated, to be
paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, for the year ending the
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight. •
For pay of commission, warrant, and petty
officers and seamen, ten millions eight hundred
and twenty-six thousand two hundred and
eighty dollars.
bureau of yards and docks.
For contingent expenses that may accrue for
the following purposes, viz: for freight and
transportation ; for printing, advertising, and
stationery ; for books, models, and drawings ;
for the purchase and repair of fire-engines;
for machinery of every description, and patent
right to use the same; for purchase and main-
tenance of oxen and horses, and driving teams ;
for carts, timber-wheels, and workmen's tools ;
for telegrams and postage of letters on public
service; for furniture fof Government offices
and houses ; for coals and other fuel; for can-
dles, oil, and gas ; for cleaning and clearing up
yards ; for flags, awnings, and packing-boxes ;
for pay of watchmen; for incidental labor at
navy-yards not applicable to any other appro-
priation ; for rent of landings; for tolls and
ferriages ; for water tax; and for rent of stores,
one million and sixty-seven thousand dollars.
Navy- Yard at Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
For completing reservoirs and gutters, two
thousand five hundred dollars.
For repairs of all kinds, sixty-four thousand
five hundred dollars.
Navy- Yard at Boston.
For repairs of all kinds, one hundred and
twenty-seven thousand dollars.
Navy- Yard at New York.
For repairs of all kinds, one hundred and
sixty-three thousand six hundred dollars.
Naval Laboratory, New YorJc.
For repairs of apparatus, machinery, fixtures,
painting, glazing, wagons, furniture, and so
forth, thirty-five hundred dollars.
Navy- Yard at Philadelphia.
For repairs of all kinds, fifty-one thousand
and sixteen dollars.
Navy-Yard at Washington.
For repairs of all kinds, eighty thousand dol-
lars; and the Secretary of the Navy is hereby
authorized and directed to receive and accept
a deed of gift, when offered by the State of
Connecticut, of a tract of land situated in the
Thames river, near New London, Connecticut,
with a water front of not less than one mile,
to be held by the United States for naval pur-
poses.
Navy-Yard at Pensacola.
For repairs of all kinds, eighty thousand
four hundred and sixty dollars.
Navy- Yard at Mare Island.
For gas-house, four thousand and seven
dollars.
For cisterns for building number forty-one
and officers' houses, seven thousand two hun-
dred and fifty dollars.
For repairs of all kinds, sixty thousand
dollars.
Naval Station at Sacketfs Harbor.
For repairs and general care of public prop-
erty, two thousand dollars.
Naval Station at Mound City, Illinois.
For repairs and general care of public prop-
erty, ten thousand dollars. .
Naval Asylum at Philadelphia.
For furniture and repairs of same, one thou-
sand dollars.
For the purchase of books under the direc-
tion of the governor of the asylum, fo'r the in-
crease of the sailors' library in that institution,
one thousand dollars.
For house-cleaning and whitewashing, eight
hundred dollars.
For furnaces, grates, and ranges, seven hun-
dred dollars.
For gas and water rent, one thousand five
hundred dollars.
For improvement of grounds, five hundred
dollars.
For wharves and lots, eight hundred dol*
lars.
For painting housewind walls, two thousand
dollars.
For repairs of all kinds, three thousand
dollars.
For improvement of cemetery, three thou-
sand dollars.
For support of beneficiaries, fifty-two thou-
sand dollars.
For pay of superintendents and the civil es-
tablishment at the several navy-yards and sta-
tions under the control of the Bureau of Yards
and Docks and at the Naval Asylum, one hun-
dred and fifty-eight thousand nine hundred and
sixty-seven dollars: Provided, That the civil
engineer and naval storekeeper, when required
at any of the navy-yards, shall be appointed
by the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Seriate, and the persons em-
ployed at the several navy-yards as master
