1867/1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
221
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong....2d Sess,
For thirteenth of twenty installments of an-
nuity in money, per third article treaty twenty-
second February, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five. twenty thousand dollars.
For the eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth, four-
teenth, fifteenth, sixteenth, seventeenth, eight-
eenth. nineteenth, twentieth, and twenty-first
of twenty-six installments, to be paid the
Chippewas of the Mississippi, as per third
article treaty of August second, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-seven, eleven thousand dollars.
For insurance, transportation, and necessary
cost of delivery of annuities and provisions for
Chippewas of Mississippi, three thousand eight
hundred and sixty-six dollars and seventy-five
cents.
Chippewas, Pillager, and Lake Winnebago-
shish Bands.
For thirteenth of thirty installments of an-
nuity in money, per third article treaty twenty-
second February, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, ten thousand six hundred and sixty-six
dollars and sixty-six cents.
For thirteenth of thirty installments of an-
nuity in goods, per third article treaty twenty-
second February, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five. eight thousand dollars.
For thirteenth of thirty installments for pur-
poses of utility, per third article treaty twenty-
second February, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, four thousand dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty installments for
purposes of education, per third article treaty
twenty-second February, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, three thousand dollars.
For thirteenth of fifteen installments for
support of two smiths and smiths' shops, per
third article treaty twenty-second February,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, two thousand
one hundred and twenty dollars.
For pay of an engineer to grist and saw mill
at Leech Lake, six hundred dollars.
Chippeu-as of the Mississippi, Pillagers, and
La!;e Winnebagoshish Bands of Chippewa
Indians in Minnesota.
For fourth of ten installments, to furnish
said Indians with ten yoke of good work oxen,
twenty log-chains, two hundred grubbing hoes,"
ten plows, ten grindstones, one hundred axes
(handled), twenty spades, and other farming
implements, per fifth article treaty May seven,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, one thousand
five hundred dollars.
For the employment of two carpenters, one
thousand eight hundred dollars, and two black-
smiths, one thousand eight hundred dollars ;
four farm laborers, two thousand four hundred
dollars ; one physician, one thousand two hun-
dred dollars, and medicine for the sick, five
hundred dollars, per fifth article treaty May
seven, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, seven
thousand seven hundred dollars.
For this amount, to be applied toward the
support of a saw-mill to be built for the com-
mon use of the Chippewas of Mississippi and
the Red Lake and Pembina-bands of Chippe-
was, so long as the President may deem it
necessary, per sixth article treaty May seven,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, one thousand
dollars.
For pay of services and traveling expenses
of a board of visitors, to consist of not more
than five persons, to attend the annuity pay-
ments to the Indians, and to inspect the fields,
buildings, mills, and other improvements, as
stipulated in the seventh article treaty May
seven, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, not
exceeding any one year more than twenty days'
service, at five dollars per day, or more than
three hundred miles' travel, at ten cents per
mile, six hundred and fifty dollars.
For pay of female teachers employed on the
reservation to instruct Indian girls in domestic
economy, one thousand dollars, as per thir-
teenth article treaty May seventh, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four.
Chippewas of lied Lake and Pembina Tribe
of Chippewas.
For this amount as annuity to be paid per
capita to the Red Lake band of Chippewas,
during the pleasure of the President, per third
article treaty second October, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, and second article sup-
plementary to treaty twelfth April, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, ten thousand dollars.
For this amount to the Pembina band of
Chippewas, during the pleasure of the Presi-
dent, per same treaty, five thousand dollars.
For the fourth of fifteen installments for the
purpose of supplying the Red Lake band of
Chippewas with gilling twine, cotton matter,
calico, linsey, blankets, sheeting, flannels, pro-
visions, farming tools, and for such other use-
ful articles, and for such other useful purposes
as may be deemed for their best interests, per
third article supplementary treaty of twelfth
April, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, eight
thousand dollars.
For the fourth of fifteen installments for
same objects for the Pembina band of Chip-
pewas, per same treaty, four thousand dollars.
For fourth of fifteen installments for pay
| of one blacksmith, one physician, who shall
furnish medicine for the sick, one miller, and-
one farmer, per fourth article of same treaty,
three thousand nine hundred dollars.
For fourth of fifteen installments for the
purchase of iron and steel and other articles
for blacksmithing purposes, per same treaty
as above, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For fourth of fifteen installments, to be ex-
pended for carpentering and other purposes,
per same treaty, one thousand dollars.
For fourth of fifteen installments, to defray
the expenses of aboard of visitors, to consist
of not more than three persons, to attend upon
the annuity payments of the said Chippewa
Indians, whose pay shall not exceed five dol-
lars per day each, and for not more than
twenty days, and ten cents per mile for trav-
eling expenses, and not to exceed three hun-
dred miles, per sixth article treaty October
second, eighteen hundred and sixty-three,
three hundred and ninety dollars.
For insurance and transportation of annuity
goods and provisions, and iron and steel for
blacksmiths, for the Chippewas of Red Lake
and Pembina tribe, five thousand dollars.
Chickasaios.
For permanent annuity in goods, per act of
twenty-fifth February, seventeen hundred and
ninely-nine, three thousand dollars.
For this amount, to pay the interest on cer-
tain non-payingstock, heldin trustby the Secre-
tary of the Treasury for the Chickasaw Indians,
for the two fiscal years ending June thirty, eight-
een hundred and sixty-eight, per tenth article
treaty of April twenty-eighth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, one hundred and nineteen
thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine dollars
and ninety-eight cents : Provided, That the
Attorney General of the United States shall
be, and he is hereby, instructed to inquire into
the condition of all funds held in trust by the
United States for said tribe, and for all other
tribes of Indians, and what remedy exists for
the security of the United States in respect to
the non-paying stocks so held, and the value
thereof, what stocks are non-paying, and what
proceedings should be taken for the security
of the United States in respect to the same,
and report thereon to Congress on the first
Monday of December next.
Choctaws. .
For permanent annuity, per second article
treatv sixteenth November, eighteen hundred
and five, and thirteenth article treaty twenty-
second June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
three thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity for support of light-
horsemen, per thirteenth article treaty eight-
eenth October, eighteen hundred and twenty,
and thirteenth article treaty twenty-second
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, six hun-
dred dollars.
For permanent annuity for education, per
second article treaty twentieth January, eight-
een hundred and twenty-five, and thirteenth
article treaty twenty-second June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, six thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity for support of black-
smith, per sixth article treaty eighteenth Octo-
ber, eighteen hundred and twenty, ninth article
treaty January twenty, eighteen hundred and
twenty-five, and thirteenth article treaty twenty-
second June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
six hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity for iron and steel,
per ninth article treaty twentieth January,
eighteen hundred and twenty-five, and thir-
teenth article of treaty twenty-second June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three hundred
and twenty dollars.
For interest on five hundred thousand dol-
lars, at five per centum per annum, for educa-
tion, support of the government, and other
beneficial purposes, under the direction of the
general council of the Choctaws, in conformity
with the provisions contained in the tenth and
thirteenth articles of the treaty of twenty-
second June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
Confederated Tribes and Bands of'Indians
in Middle Oregon.
For third of five installments, second series,
for beneficial objects, at the discretion of the
President, per second article treaty twenty-
fifth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, six
thousand dollars.
For eighth of fifteen installments for pay
and subsistence of one farmer, one blacksmith,
and one wagon and plow maker, per fourth
article treaty twenty-fifth June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, three thousand five hundred
dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for pay
and subsistence of one physician, one sawyer,
one miller, one superintendent of farming
operations, and one school-teacher, per fourth
article treaty twenty-fifth June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, five thousand six hundred
dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for salary
of the head chief of said confederated bands,
per fourth article treaty twenty-fifth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hundred
dollars.
Creeks.
For permanent annuity in money, per fourth
article treaty seventh August, seventeen hun-
dred and ninety, and fifth article treaty seventh
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-fix, [fifty-
six,] one thousand five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, per second
article treaty sixteenth June, eighteen hundred
and two, and fifth article treaty seventh August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, three thousand
dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, per fourth
article treaty twenty-fourth January, eighteen
hundred and twenty-six, and fifth article treaty
seventh August, eighteen hundred and fifty-
six, twenty thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity for blacksmith and
assistant, and for shop and tools, per eighth
article treaty twenty-fourth January, eighteen
hundred and twenty-six, and fifth article treaty-
seventh August, eighteen hundred and fifty-
six, eight hundred and forty dollars.
For permanent annuity for iron and steel
for shop, per eighth article treaty twenty-fourth
January, eighteen hundred and twenty-rsix, and
fifth article treaty seventh August, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, two hundred and seventy
dollars.
For permanent annuity for the pay ofawheel-
wright, per eighth article treaty twenty*fourth
January, eighteen hundred and twcnty*six, and
fifth article treaty seventh August, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, six hundred dollars.
