222
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Maijch 2,
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
For blacksmith and assistant and shop and
tools, during the pleasure of of the President,
per fifth article treaty fourteenth February,
eighteen hundred and thirty-three, and fifth
article treaty seventh August, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-six, eight hundred and forty
dollars.
• For iron and steel for shop, during the pleas-
ure of the President, per fifth article treaty
fourteenth February, eighteen hundred and
thirty-three, and fifth article treaty seventh
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, two
hundred and seventy dollars.
For wagon-maker, during the pleasure of
the President, per fifth article treaty fourteenth
February, eighteen hundred and thirty-three,
and fifth article treaty seventh August, eighteen
hundred fifty-six, six hundred dollars.
For assistance in agricultural operations,
during the pleasure of the President, per eighth
article treaty twenty-fourth January, eighteen
hundred and twenty-six, and fifth article treaty
seventh August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
two thousand dollars.
For education, during the pleasure of the
President, per fifth article treaty fourteenth
February, eighteen hundred and thirty-three,
and fifth article treaty seventh August, eight-
een hundred and fifty-six, one thousand dollars.
For five per centum interest on two hundred
thousand dollars for purposes of education, per
sixth article treaty seventh August, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, ten thousand dollars.
For interest on seven hundred and seventy-
five thousand one hundred and sixty-eight dol-
lars, at the rate of five per centum per annum,
to be expended under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, thirty-eight thousand
seven hundred and fifty-eight dollars and forty
cents, under provisions of third article treaty
June fourteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six.
For transportation of such articles as may
be purchased for the Creek nation under treaty
of June fourteenth, eighteen hundred sixty-
six, five thousand dollars.
Cherokees.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary to enable the Secretary of the
Interior to cause a census of each tribe to be
taken, under provisions of the twelfth article
of the treaty of July nineteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, twenty-five hundred dollars.
For provisions and clothing furnished the
Army under Ap-potho-le-ha-le in the winter
of eighteen hnndred and sixty-one-two, per
twenty-eighth article treaty of July nineteenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, ten thousand
dollars.
For pay of losses of property by missionaries,
Or missionary societies, on accountofthe troops
and agents of the United States, treaty July
nineteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
thirtieth article, twenty thousand dollars.
Crows.
For first of payments to be made during the
pleasure of Congress, to be expended for such
useful goods, provisions, and other articles as
the President from time to time may deter-
mine ; eight thousand dollars of which install-
ment may be expended in the purchase of
stock animals, agricultural implements ; in the
employment of mechanics ; in educating their
children; in providing necessary medicines
and medical attendance ; cale for and support
of the aged, infirm, or sick, for the helpless
orphans of said Indians, and in any -other
respect to promote their civilization, comfort,
ana improvement, and also for pay of head
chief, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For this amount for pay of sixteen half-
breeds, in goods or money, at the discretion
of the President—fifty dollars each—eight hun-
dred dollars.
For this amount to be gaid Pierre Chien, is
consideration of the friendship and services
rendered by him to the Crow Indians, two hun-
dred dollars.
Delaicares.
For life annuity to chief, per private article
to supplemental treaty twenty-fourth Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, to
treaty of third October, eighteen hundred and
eighteen, one hundred,dollars.
For interest on forty-six thousand and eighty
dollars, at five per centum, being the value of
thirty-six sections of land set apart by treaty
of eighteen hundred and twenty-nine for edu-
cation, two thousand three hundred and four
dollars, per Senate resolution January nine-
teenth, eighteen hundred and thirty-eight, and
fifth article treaty of May sixth, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-six.
For this amount, to lbe placed to the credit
of the Delawares in the purchase of their new
reservation in the Indian country, by provis-
ions of treaty of July fourth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, fourteenth article, thirty thou-
sand dollars.
B' Wamish and other allied Tribes in Wash-
ington Territory.
For eighth installment on one hundred and
fifty thousand dollars, under the direction Of
the President, per sixth article treaty twenty-
second January, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, seven thousand five hundred dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for the
establishment and support of an agricultural
and industrial school,'and to provide said
school with a suitable instructor or instructors,
per fourteenth article treaty twenty-second Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three
thousand dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for the
establishment and support of a smith and car-
penter shop, and to furnish them with the
necessary tools, per fourteenth article treaty
twenty-second January, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of a blacksmith, carpenter, farmer,
and physician, who shall furnish medicines for
the sick, per fourteenth article treaty twenty-
second January, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, four thousand six hundred dollars.
Flatheads and other Confederated Tribes.
For the fourth of five installments on «ne
hundred and twenty thousand dollars, being
the second series, for beneficial objects, at the
discretion of the President, per fourth article
treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, five thousand dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for the
support of an agricultural and industrial school,
keeping in repair the buildings, and providing
suitable furniture, books, and stationery, per
fifth article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, three hundred dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for pro-
viding suitable instructors therefor, per fifth
article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, one thousand eight hundred dol-
lars.
For eighth of twenty installments for keep-
ing in repair blacksmiths', tin and gunsmiths',
carpenters', and wagon and plow makers' shops,
and providing necessary tools therefor, per fifth
article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for the
employment of two farmers, two millers, one
blacksmith, one tinner, one gunsmith, one car-
penter, and one wagon and plow maker, per
fifth article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, seven thousand four
hundred dollars.
For eighth" of twenty installments for keep-
ing in repair saw and flouring mills, and for
furnishing the necessary tools and fixtures
therefor, per fifth article treaty sixteenth July,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hundred
dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for keep-
ing in repair the hospital, and providing the
necessary medicines and furniture therefor,
per fifth article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, three hundred dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for pay of
a physician, per fifth article treaty sixteenth
July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one thou-
sand four hundred dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for keep-
ing in repair the buildings required for the
various employes, and furnishing necessary
furniture therefor, per fifth article treaty six-
teenth July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
t three hundred dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for the pay
of each of the head chiefs of the Flathead,
Kootenay, and Upper Pend d'Oreilles tribes,
per fifth article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, fifteen hundred dollars.
For insurance and transportation of annuity
goods and provisions, per fifth article of treaty
of July sixteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
five, eleven thousand nine hundred and twenty
dollars and forty-one cents.
Iowas.
For interest in lieu of investment on fifty-
seven thousand five hundred dollars, balance
of one hundred and fifty-seven thousand five
hundred dollars, to the first of July, eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven, at five per centum
per annum, for education or other beneficial
purposes, under the direction of the President,
per ninth article of treaty of May seventeenth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, two thousand
eight hundred and seventy-five dollars.
Kansas.
For interest in lieu of investment on two
hundred thousand dollars, at five per centum
per annum, ten thousand dollars, per second
article treaty of January fourteenth, eighteen
hundred and forty-six.
Kickapoos.
For fourteenth installment of interest, at
five per centum, on one hundred thousand dol-
lars, for education and other beneficial pur-
poses, as per second article treaty May eight-
eenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, five
thousand dollars.
For fourteenth installment on two hundred
thousand dollars, to be paid in eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-eight, per second article treaty
eighteenth May, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, seven thousand dollars.
Klamath, and Modoc Indians.
For second of five installments, to be ap-
plied under direction of the President, as per
second article treaty of October fourteenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, eight thou-
sand dollars.
For first of twenty installments for keeping
in repair one saw-mill, one flouring-mill, build-
ings for the blacksmith, carpenter, and wagon
and plow maker, the manual-labor school, and
hospital, as per fourth article treaty of October
fourteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
one thousand dollars.
For second of twenty installments for the
purchase of tools and material for saw and
flour mills, carpenter, blacksmith, wagon and
plow maker's shops, and books and stationery
for the manual-labor school, as per fourth
article treaty of October fourteenth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, one thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For second of fifteen installments for pay
and subsistence of one superintendent of farm-
ing, one farmer, one blacksmith, one sawyer,
one carpenter, and one wagon and plow maker,
as per fifth article treaty of October fourteenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, six thousand
dollars.
For second of twenty installments to pay
salary and subsistence of one physician, one
miller, and two school-teachers, aa per fifth
