224
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
third article of treaty of March sixth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-five, three hundred dollars.
Osages.
For interest on sixty-nine thousand one hun-
dred and twenty dollars, at five per centum,
being the value of fifty-four sections of land,
set apart for educational purposes, per sixth
article treaty June second, eighteen hundred
and twenty-live, and Senate resolution nine-
teenth January, eighteen hundred and thirty-
eight, three thousand four hundred and fifty-
six dollars.
For interest on three hundred thousand dol-
lars, at five per centum per annum, to be paid
semi-annually in money or such articles as the
Secretary of the Interior may direct, as per
first article treaty of September twenty-nine,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, fifteen thou-
sand dollars.
For transportation of goods, provisions, and
so forth, purchased for the Great and Little
Osage Indians, or so much thereof as [may] be
necessary, three thousand five hundred dollars.
Ottawas and Chippewas of Michigan.
For interest on two hundred and six thou-
sand dollars, unpaid part of the principal sum
of three hundred and six thousand dollars, for
one year, at five per centum per annum, to be
distributed per capita, in the usual manner of
paying annuities, per third article of the treaty
of thirty-first July, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, ten thousand three hundred dollars.
• Ottoes and Missourias.
For last of ten installments, being the second
series, in money or otherwise, per fourth arti-
cle treaty fifteenth March, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, thirteen thousand dollars.
Pawnees.
For annuity perpetual, at least one half of
which to be paid in goods and such articles as
may be deemed necessary for them, per second
article treaty twenty-fourth September, eight-
een hundred and fifty-seven, thirty thousand
dollars.
For support of two manual-labor schools,
annually, during the pleasure of the President,
per third article treaty twenty-fourth Septem-
ber, eighteea hundred and fifty-seven, ten
thousand dollars.
For pay of two teachers, under the direction
of the President, per third article treaty twenty-
fourth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
seven, one thousand two hundred dollars.
For purchase of iron and steel and other
necessities for the shop, during the pleasure of
the President, per fourth article treaty twenty-
fourth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
seven, five hundred dollars.
For pay of two blacksmiths, one of whom to
be a gunsmith and tinsmith, per fourth article
treaty twenty-fourth September, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-seven, one thousand two hundred
dollars.
For compensation of two strikers or appren-
tices in shop, per fourth article of treaty twenty-
fourth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
seven, four hundred and eighty dollars.
For last of ten installments for farming uten-
sils and Btock, during the pleasure of the Pres-
ident, per fourth article treaty twenty-fourth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven,
one thousand two hundred dollars.
For pay of farmer, per fourth article treaty
twenty-fourth September, eighteen hundred
and fifty-seven, six hundred dollars.
For ninth of ten installments for pay of mil-
ler, at the discretion of the President, per
fourth article treaty twenty-fourth. September,
eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, six hundred
dollars.
For ninth of ten installments for pay of an
engineer, at the discretion of the President,
per fourth article treaty twenty-fourth Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, one
thousand two hundred dollars.
For compensation to apprentices, to assist
in working the mill, per fourth article treaty
twenty-fourth September, eighteen hundred
and fifty-seven, five hundred dollars.
For keeping in repair the grist and saw mill,
three hundred dollars.
Poncas.
For the fourth of ten installments of the
second series, "to be paid to them or ex-
pended for their benefit," per second article
treaty twelfth March, eighteen hundred and
fifty-eight, ten thousand dollars.
For ninth of ten installments for the estab-
lishment and maintenance of one or more
manual-labor schools, under the direction of
| the President, per second article treaty twelfth
March, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, five
, thousand dollars.
I For ninth of ten installments, or during the
pleasure of the President, to be expended in
furnishing said Indians with such aid and
assistance in agricultural and mechanical pur-
suits, including the working of the mill pro-
j vided for in the first part of this article, as the
: Secretary of the Interior may consider advan-
tageous and necessary for them, per second
article treaty twelfth March, eighteen hundred
and fifty-eight, seven thousand five hundred
dollars.
Pottawatomies.
For permanent annuity in silver, per fourth
article treaty third August, seventeen hundred
and ninety-five, one thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity in silver, per third
' article treaty thirtieth September, eighteen
hundred and nine, five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in silver, per third
article treaty second October, eighteen hun-
dred and eighteen, two thousand five hundred
dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, per second
article treaty twentieth September, eighteen
hundred and twenty-eight, two thousand dol-
lars.
For permanent annuity in specie, per second
article treaty twenty-ninth July, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-nine, sixteen thousand dol-
lars.
For life annuity to chief, per third article
treaty twentieth October, eighteen hundred and
thirty-two, two hundred dollars.
For life annuity to chiefs, per third article
treaty twenty-sixth September, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-three, seven thousand dollars.
For education during the pleasure of Con-
gress, per third article treaty, sixteenth Octo-
ber, eighteen hundred and twenty-six, second
article treaty twentieth September, eighteen
hundred and twenty-eight, and fourth article
treaty twenty-seventh October, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-two, five thousand dollars.
For permanent provision for payment of
money in lieu of tobacco, iron, and steel, per
second article treaty twentieth September,
eighteen hundred and twenty-eight, and tenth
article of the treaty of the fifth and seventeenth
June, eighteen hundred and forty-six, three
hundred dollars.
For permanent provision for three black-
smiths and assistants, and for iron and steel
for shops, per third article treaty sixteenth
October, eighteen hundred and twenty-six,
second article treaty twentieth September,
eighteen hundred and twenty-eight, and sec-
ond article treaty twenty-ninth July, eighteen
hundred and twenty-nine, two thousand eight
hundred and twenty dollars.
For permanent provision for fifty barrels of
salt, per second article of treaty twenty-ninth
July, eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, four
hundred and thirty-seven dollars and fifty
cents.
For interest on six hundred and forty-three
thousand dollars, atfive per centum, per seventh
article of the treaty of the fifth and seventeenth
June, eighteen hundred and forty-six, thirty-
two thousand onohuadred and fifty dollars.
Pottawatomies of Huron.
For permanent annuity in money or other-
wise, per second article treaty of seventeenth
November, eighteen hundred and seven, four
hundred dollars.
Quapaws.
For education during the pleasure of the
President, per third article treaty thirteenth
May, eighteen hundred and thirty-three, one
thousand dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, and tools and
iron and steel for shop, during the pleasure of
the President, per third article treaty thirteenth
May, eighteen hundred and thirty-three, one
thousand and sixty dollars.
For farmer, during the pleasure of the Presi-
dent, per third article treaty thirteenth May,
eighteen hundred and thirty-three, six hundred
dollars.
Qui-nai-elt and Quil-leh-ute Indians.
For the second of four installments on twenty-
five thousand dollars, (being the fourth series,)
for beneficial objects, under the direction of
the President, per fourth article treaty first
July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hun-
dred dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for the sup-
port of an agricultural and industrial school,
and for pay of suitable instructors, per tenth
article [treaty] first July, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for support
of smith and carpenter shop, and to provide
the necessary tools therefor, per tenth article
treaty first July, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, five hundred dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for the
employment of a blacksmith, carpenter, and
farmer, and a physician who shall furnish
medicines for the sick, per tenth article treaty
first July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, four
thousand six hundred dollars.
Rogue Rivers.
For fourteenth of sixteen installments in
blankets, clothing, farming utensils, and stock,
per third article treaty tenth September, eight-
een hundred and fifty-three, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
Sacs and Foxes of Mississippi.
For permanent annuity in goods or other-
wise, per third article treaty third November,
eighteen hundred and four, one thousand dol-
lars.
For interest on two hundred thousand dol-
lars, at five per centum, per second article
treaty twenty-first October, eighteen hundred
and thirty-seven, ten thousand dollars.
For interest on eight hundred thousand dol-
lars, at five per centum, per second article
treaty eleventh October, eighteen hundred and
forty-two, forty thousand dollars: Provided,
That the band of Sacs and Foxes of the Mis-
sissippi now in Tamar county, Iowa, shall be
paid pro rata, according to their numbers, of
the annuities, so long as they are peaceful and
have the assent of the government of Iowa to
reside in that State.
Sacs and Foxes of Missouri.
For interest on one hundred and fifty-seven
thousand four hundred dollars, at five per
centum, under the direction of the President,
per second article treaty twenty-first October,
eighteen hundred and thirty-seven, seven thou-
sand eight hundred and seventy dollars.
Seminoles.
For five per centum interest on two hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars, to be paid as
annuity, per eighth article treaty seventh Au-
gust, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, twelve
thousand five hundred dollars.
For interest on two hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars, at five per centum, to be paid as
annuity, (they having joined their brathren
West,) per eighth article treaty seventh Augngt,
