2867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
225
Laios of the United States.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, twelve thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For interest on fifty thousand dollars, at the
rate of.five per centum per annum, "to be
paid annually for the support of schools," as
per third article treaty of March twenty-first,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, twenty-five
hundred dollars.
For interest on twenty thousand dollars, at
the rate of five per centum per annum, "to
be paid annually," for the support of the Sem-
inole government, as per third article treaty
of March twenty-first, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, one thousand dollars.
Senecas.
For permanent annuity in specie, per fourth
article treaty twenty-ninth September, eighteen
hundred and seventeen, five hundred dollars.
For permanent aunuity in specie, per fourth
article treaty seventeenth September, eighteen
hundred and eighteen, five hundred dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and
tools, and iron and steel, during the pleasure
of the President, per fourth article treaty
twenty-eighth February, eighteen hundred and
thirty-one, one thousand and sixty dollars. !
For miller, during the pleasure of the Pres-
ident, per fourth article treaty twenty-eighth.
February, eighteen hundred and thirty-one,
six hundred dollars.
Senecas of New York.
For permanent annuity, in lieu of interest
on stock, per act of nineteenth February,
eighteen hundred and thirty-one, six thousand
dollars.
For interest, in lieu of investment, on sev-
enty-five thousand dollars, at five per centum,
per act of twenty-seventh June, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-six, three thousand seven hun-
dred and fifty dollars.
For interest, at five per centum, on forty-
three thousand and fifty dollars, transferred
from Ontario Bank to the United States Treas-
ury, per act of twenty-seventh June, eighteen
hundred and forty-six, two thousand one hun-
dred and fifty-two dollars and fifty cents.
Senecas and Shawnees.
For permanent annuity in specie, per fourth
article treaty seventeenth September, eighteen
hundred and eighteen, one thousand dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and
tools, and iron and steel for shop, during the
pleasure of the President, per fourth article
treaty twentieth July, eighteen hundred and
thirty-one, one thousand aud sixty dollars.
Shawnees.
For permanent annuity for educational pur-
poses, per fourth article treaty third August,
seventeen hundred and ninety-five, and third
article treaty tenth May, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, one thousand dollars.
For fourteenth installment of interest, at five
per eentum, on forty thousand dollars for edu-
cation, per third article treaty tenth May, eight-
een hundred and fifty-four, two thousand dol-
lars.
For permanent annuity in specie, for edu-
cational purposes, per fourth article treaty
twenty-ninth September, eighteen hundred and
seventeen, and third article treaty tenth May,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, two thousand
dollars.
Shoshones—Western Bands.
For fourth of twenty installments, to be ex-
pended, under the direction of the President,
in the purchase of such articles as he may deem
suitable to their wants, either as hunters or
herdsmen, per seventh article treaty October
first, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, five
thousand dollars.
Eastern Bands.
For fourth of twenty installments, to be ex-
pended, under the direction of the President,
in the purchase of such articles as he may deem
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 15.
suitable to their wants, either as hunters or
herdsmen, per fifth article treaty July second,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, ten thou-
sand dollars.
Northwestern Bands.
For fourth of twenty installments, to be ex-
pended, under the direction of the President,
in the purchase of such article [s] as he may
deem suitable to their wants, either as hunters
or herdsmen, per third article treaty July thirty,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, five thou-
sand dollars.
Goship Bands.
For fourth of twenty installments, to be ex-
pended, under the direction of the President,
in the purchase of such articles, including cat-
tle for herding or other purposes, as he shall
deem suitable for their wants and condition,
either as huntsmen or herdsmen, per seventh
article treaty October seven, eighteen hundred
and sixty-three, one thousand dollars.
Sioux of Dakota—Blachfeet Band.
For second of twenty installments, to be paid
in such articles as the Secretary of the Inte-
rior may direct, as per fourth article of treaty
October nineteenth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, seven thousand dollars.
Loicer Brule Band.
For second of twenty installments, to be paid
in such articles as the Secretary of the Interior
may direct, as per fourth article of treaty of Oc-
tober fourteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
five, six thousand dollars.
Minneconjon Band.
For second of twenty installments, to be paid
in such articles as the Secretary of the Interior
may direct, as per fourth article of treaty of
October tenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-five,
ten thousand dollars.
Onk-pah-pah.
For second of twenty installments, being
thirty dollars for each lodge or family, (three
hundred lodges,) to be paid in such articles as
the Secretary of the Interior may direct, as per
fourth article of treaty of October twentieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, nine thousand
dollars.
Ogallala Band.
For second of twenty installments, to be paid
in such articles as the Secretary of the Interior
may direct, as per fourth article of treaty of
October twenty-eighth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, ten thousand dollars.
For this amount, for the Brule and Ogallala
bands of Sioux, to be placed at the disposal
of the President, to be expended by him or
under his direction, in such manner as will
best tend to sustain peaceable relations with
said Indians, thirty-five thousand dollars.
Sans Arcs Band.
For second of twenty installments, being
thirty dollars to each lodge or family, (two hun-
dred and eighty lodges,) to be paid in such
articles as the Secretary of the Interior may
direct, as per fourth article of treaty of Octo-
ber twentieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-five,
eight thousand four hundred dollars.
Two Kettles Band.
For second of twenty installments, to be
paid in such articles as the Secretary of the
Interior may direct, as per fourth article of
treaty of October nineteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-five, for the fiscal year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight, six thousand dollars.
Upper Yanktonais Band.
For second of twenty installments, to be
paid in such articles as the Secretary of the
Interior may direct, as per fourth article of
treaty of October twenty-eighth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-five, ten thousand dollars.
Yanktonais Band.
For second of twenty installments, being
thirty dollars for each lodge or family, (three
hundred and fifty lodges,) to be paid in such
articles as the Secretary of the Interior may
direct, as per fourth article of treaty of Octo-
ber twentieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-five,
; ten thousand five hundred dollars.
| Sioux or Dakota.
For expense of transporting and delivering
articles furnished for the nine bands of Sioux
aforesaid, as required by treaties made at Fort
Sully, in October, eighteen hundred and sixty-
five, twenty thousand dollars.
Loicer Brules.
For first of five installments, being twenty-
five dollars for each lodge or family engaged
in agricultural pursuits on their reservation,
(one hundred lodges,) to be expended in stock,
agricultural and other implements, and im-
provements, under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, the said stock, and so
forth, to remain the property of the United
States, to be used for the benefit of said lodges
or families, and in no case to be sold or alien-
ated by said band, per sixth article treaty of
October fourteen, eighteen hundred and sixty-
five, for the fiscal year ending June thirty,
eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, two thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For pay of farmer, per sixth article treaty
of October fourteen, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, for the fiscal year ending June
thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, nine
hundred dollars.
For the erection of a blacksmith-shop, per
sixth article treaty of October fourteen, eight-
een hundred and sixty-five, five hundred dol-
lars.
For the support of one blacksmith, and for
tools, iron, and steel, and other articles neces-
sary for the blacksmith shop, per sixth article
treaty of October fourteen, eighteen hundred
and sixty-five, for the fiscal year ending June
thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
Two Kettles.
For first of five installments, being twenty-
five dollars for each lodge or family located on
lands for agricultural purposes, (one hundred
and thirteen lodges,) to be expended in agri-
cultural implements and improvements, per
fifth article treaty of October nineteen, eight-
een hundred and sixty-five, for the fiscal year
ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight, two thousand eight hundred and twenty-
five dollars.
Yanktonais.
For first of five installments, being twenty-
five dollars for each lodge or family located
on lands for agricultural purposes, (one hun-
dred and fifteen lodges,) to be expended in
agricultural implements and for improve-
ments, per fifth article treaty of October
twenty, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, for
the fiscal year ending June thirty, eighteen
hundred and sixty-eight, two thousand eight
hundred and seventy-five dollars.
Sans Arcs.
For first of five installments, being twenty*
five dollars for each lodge or family located on
lands for agricultural purposes, (thirty-eight
lodges,) to be expended in agricultural imple-
ments and improvements, per fifth article
treaty of October twenty, eighteen hundred
and sixty-five, for the fiscal year ending June
thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, nine
hundred and fifty dollars.
Six Nations of New York.
For permanent annuity in c[l]othing and
other useful articles, per sixth article treaty
eleventh November, seventeen hundred and
ninety-four, four thousand five hundred dollars.
