232
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Laios of the United States.
provided, also, that if the amount due the
creditor is in dispute, the suit, by leave of the
court in bankruptcy, may proceed to judgment
for the purpose of ascertaining the amount due,
which amount may be proved in bankruptcy,
but execution shall be stayed as aforesaid. If
any bankrupt shall, at the time of adjudication,
be liable upon any bill of exchange, promissory
note, or other obligation in respect of distinct !
contracts as a member of two or more firms
carrying on separate and distinct trades, and
having distinct estates to be wound up in bank-
ruptcy, or as a sole trader and also [as] a mem-
ber of a firm, the circumstance that such firms
are in whole or in part composed of the same
individuals, or that the sole contractor is also
one of the joint contractors, shall not prevent
proof and receiptof dividend in respect of such
distinct contracts againstthe estates respectively
liable upon such contracts.
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted, That all
proofs of debts agaiust the estate of the bank-
rupt, by or in behalf of creditors residing
within the judicial district where the proceed-
ings in bankruptcy are pending, shall be made
before one of the registers of the court in said
district, and by or in behalf of non-resident
debtors before any register in bankruptcy in
the judicial district where such creditors or
either of them reside, or before any commis-
sioner of the circuit court authorized to ad-
minister oaths in any district. To entitle a
claimant against the estate of a bankrupt to
have his demand allowed, it must be verified
by a deposition in writing on oath or solemn
affirmation before the proper register or com-
missioner setting forth the demand, the con-
sideration thereof, whether any and what se-
curities are held therefor, and whether any and
what payments have been made thereon; that
the sum claimed is justly due from the bank-
rupt to the claimant; that the claimant has
not, nor has any other person, for his use,
received any security or satisfaction whatever
other than that by him set forth, that the claim
was not procured for the purpose of influen-
cing the proceedings under this act, and that no
bargain or agreement, express or implied, has
been made or entered into, by or on behalf of
such creditor, to sell, transfer, or dispose of
the said claim, or any part thereof, against
such bankrupt, or take or receive, directly or
indirectly, any money, property, or consider-
ation whatever, whereby the vote of such cred-
itor for assignee, or any action on the part of
such creditor, or any other person in the pro-
ceedings under this act, is or shall be in any
way affected, influenced, or controlled, and no
claim shall be allowed unless all the statements
set forth in such deposition shall appear to be
true. Such oath or solemn affirmation shall be
made by the claimant, testifying of his own
knowledge, unless he is absent from the Uni-
ted States or prevented by some other good
cause from testifying, in which cases the de-
mand may be verified in like manner by the
attorney or authorized agent of the claimant
testifying to the best of his knowledge, infor-
mation, and belief, and setting forth his means
of knowledge; or if in a foreign country, the
oath of the creditor may be taken before any
minister, consul, or vice consul of the United
States; and the court may, if it shall see fit,
require or receive further pertinent evidence
either for or against the admission of the
claim. Corporations may verify their claims
by the oath or solemn affirmation of their
president, cashier, or treasurer. If the proof
is satisfactory to the register or commissioner,
it shall be signed by the deponent, and deliv-
ered or sent by mail to the assignee, who shall
examine the same and compare it with the
books and accounts of the bankrupt, and shall
register, in a book to be kept by him for that
purpose, the namesof creditors who have proved
their claims, in the order in which such proof
is received, stating the time of receipt of suck
proof, and the amount and nature of the debts,
which books shall be open to the inspection of
all the creditors. The court may, on the appli-
cation of the assignee, or of any creditor, or
of the bankrupt, or without any application,
examine upon oath the bankrupt, or any person
tendering or who has made proof of claims,
and may summon any person capable of giving
evidence concerning such proof, or concerning
the debt sought to be proved, and shall reject
all claims not duly proved, or where the proof
shows the claim to be founded in fraud, illegal-
ity, or mistake.
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted, That
when a claim is presented for proof before the
election of the assignee, and the judge enter-
tains doubts of its validity or of the right of the
creditor to prove it, and is of opinion that such
validity or right ought to be investigated by the
assignee, he may postpone the proof of the
claim until the assignee is chosen. Any per-
son who, after the approval of this act, shall
have accepted any preference, having reason-
able caused to believe that the same was made
or given by the debtor, contrary to any pro-
vision of this act, shall not prove the debt or
claim on account of which the preference was
made or given, nor shall he receive any divi-
dend therefrom until he shall first have sur-
rendered to the assignee all property, money,
benefit, or advantage received by him under
such preference. The court shall allow all
debts duly proved, and shall cause a list thereof
to be made and certified by one of the registers;
and any creditor may act at all meetings by his
duly constituted attorney the same as though
personally present.
Sec. 24. And be it further enacted, That a
supposed creditor who takes an appeal to the
circuit court from the decision of the district
court, rejecting his claim in whole or in part,
shall, upon entering his appeal in the circuit
court, file in the clerk's office thereof a state-
ment in writing of his claim, setting forth the
same, substantially, as in a declaration for the
same cause of action at law, and the assignee
shall plead or answer thereto in like manner,
and like proceedings shall thereupon be had in
the pleadings, trial, and determination of the
cause, as in action at law commenced and
prosecuted, in the usual manner, in the courts
of the United States, except that no execution
shall be awarded against the assignee for the
amount of a debt found due to the creditor.
The final judgment of the court shall be con-
clusive, and the list of debts shall, if necessary,
be altered to conform thereto. The party pre-
vailing in the suit shall be entitled to costs
against the adverse party, to be taxed and re-
covered as in suits at law; if recovered against
the assignee, they shall be allowed out of the
estate. A bill of exchange, promissory note,
or other instrument, used in evidence upon the
proof of a claim, and left in court or deposited
in the clerk's office, may be delivered, by the
register or clerk having the custody thereof,
to the person who used it, upon his filing a
copy thereof, attested by the clerk of the court,
who shall indorse upon it the name of the party
against whose estate it has been proved, and
the date and amount of any dividend declared
thereon. '
Of Property Perishable and in Dispute.
Sec. 25. And be it further enacted, That
when it appears to the satisfaction of the court
that the estate of the debtor, or any part thereof,
is of a perishable nature, or liable to deteriorate
in value, the court may order the same to be
sold, in such manner as may be deemed most
expedient, under the direction of the messenger
or assignee, as the case may be, who shall hold
the funds received in place of the estate dis-
posed of; and whenever it appears to the satis-
faction of the court that the title to any portion
of an estate, real or personal, which has come
into possession of the assignee, or which is
claimed by him, is in dispute, the court may,
upon the petition of the assignee, and after such
notice to the claimant, his agent or attorney,
.as the court shall deem reasonable, order it to
be sold, under the direction of the assignee,
who shall hold the funds received in place of
the estate disposed of; and the proceeds of the
sale shall be considered the measure of the
value of the property in any suit or controversy
between the parties, in any courts. But this
provision shall not prevent the recovery of the
property from the possession of the assignee by
any proper action commenced at any time before
the court orders the sale.
Examination of Bankrupts.
Sec. 26. And be it further enacted, That the
court may, on the application of the assignee in
bankruptcy, or of any creditor, or without any
application, at all times require the bankrupt,
upon reasonable notice, to attend and submit
to an examination, on oath, upon all matters
relating to the disposal or condition of his
property, to his trade and dealings with others,
and his accounts concerning the same, to all
debts due to or claimed from him, and to all
other matters concerning his property and
estate and the due settlement thereof accord-
ing to law, which examination shall be in
writing, and shall be signed by the bankrupt
and filed with the other proceedings; and the
court may, in like manner, require the attend-
ance of any other person as a witness, and if
such person shall fail to attend, on being sum-
moned thereto, the court may compel his at-
tendance by warrant directed to the marshal,
commanding him to arrest such person ami
bring him forthwith before the court, or before
a register in bankruptcy, for examination as
such witness. If the bankrupt is imprisoned,
absent, or disabled from attendance, the court
may order him to be produced by the jailor,
or any officer in whose custody he may be, or
may direct the examination to be had, taken,
and eertified at such time and place and in
such manner as the court may deem proper,
and with like effect as if such examination had
been had in court. The bankrupt shall at all
times, until his discharge, be subject to the
order of the court, and shall, at the expense of
the estate, execute all proper writings and in-
struments, and do and perform all acts required
by the court touching the assigned property or
estate, and to enable the assignee to demand,
recover, and receive all the property and
estate assigned, wherever situated; and for
neglect or refusal to obey any order of the
court, such bankrupt may be committed and
punished as for a contempt of court. If the
bankrupt is without the district, and unable
to return and personally attend at any of the
times or do any of the acts wliFch may be spe-
cified or required pursuant to this section, and
if it appears that such absence was not caused
by willful default, and if, as soon as may be
after the removal of such impediment, he offers
to attend and submit to the order of the court
in all respects, he shall be permitted so to do,
with like effect as if he had not been in de-
fault. He shall also be at liberty, from time to
time, upon oath to amend and correct his
schedule of creditors and property, so that the
same shall conform to the facts. For good
cause shown the wife of any bankrupt may be
required to attend before the court, to the end
that she may be examined as a witness; and
if such wife do not attend at the time and place
specified in the order, the bankrupt shall not
be entitled to a discharge unless he shall prove
to the satisfaction of the court that he was un-
able to procure the attendance of his wife. No
bankrupt shall be liable to arrest during the
pendency of the proceedings in bankruptcy iu
any civil action, unless the same is founded on
some debt or claim from which his discharge
in bankruptcy would not release him.
Of the Distribution of the Bankrupt's Estate.
Sec. 27. And be it further enacted, That all
creditors whose debts are duly proved and
allowed shall be entitled to Bhare in the bank-
