234
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
39tii Coxg. ... 2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
rupt who shall prove to the satisfaction of the
court that he has paid all the debts owing by
him at the time of any previous bankruptcy, or
who has been voluntarily released therefrom
by his creditors, shall be entitled to a discharge
in the same manner and with the same effect
as if he had not previously been bankrupt.
Sec. 31. And be it further enacted, That
any creditor opposing the discharge of any
bankrupt may file a specification in writing of
the grounds of his opposition, and the court
may in its discretion order any question of fact
so presented to be tried at a stated session of
the district court.
Sec. 32. And be it further enacted, That
if it shall appear to the court that the bank-
rupt has in all things conformed to his duty
under this act, and that he is entitled, under
the provisions thereof, to receive a discharge,
the court shall grant him a discharge frotn all
his debts except as hereinafter provided, and
shall give him a certificate thereof under the
seal of the court, in substance as follows:
District Court of the United States, District
of  . Whereas has been duly
adjudged a bankrupt under the act of Congress
establishing a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States, and appears to
have conformed to all the requirements of law
iu that behalf, it is therefore ordered by the
court that said be forever discharged from
all debts and claims which by said act are made
provable against his estate, and which existed
on the — day of , on which day the petition
for adjudication was filed by (or against)4iiin;
excepting such debts, if any, as are by said act
excepted from the operation of a discharge in
bankruptcy. Given under my hand and the
seal of the court at  , in the said district,
this — day of , A. D.  .
(Seal)   , Judge.
Sec. 33. And be it further enacted, That no
debt created by the fraud or embezzlement of
the bankrupt, or by his defalcation as a public
officer, or while acting in any fiduciary char-
acter, shall be discharged under this act; but
the debt may be proved, and the dividend
thereon shall be a payment on account of said
debt; and no discharge granted under this act
shall release, discharge, or affect any person
liable for the same debt for or with the bank-
rupt, either as partner, joint contractor, in-
dorser, surety, or otherwise. And in:all pro-
ceedings in bankruptcy commenced after one
year from the time this act shall go into opera-
tion, no discharge shall be granted to a debtor
whose assets do not pay fifty per centum of the
claims against his ostiite, unless the assent in
writing of a majority in number and value of
his creditors who have proved their claims is
filed in the case at or before the time of appli-
cation for discharge.
Sec. 34. And be it further enacted, That a
discharge duly granted under this act shall, with
the exceptions aforesaid, release the bankrupt
from all debts, claims, liabilities, and demands
which were or might have been proved against
his estate in bankruptcy, and may be pleaded,
by a simple averment that on the day of its date
such discharge was granted to him, setting the
same forth in hasc verba, as a full and complete
bar to all suits brought on any such debts,
claims, liabilities, or demands, and the certifi-
cate shall be conclusive evidence in favor of
such bankrupt of the fact and [the] regularity
of such discharge: Always provided, That any
creditor or creditors of said bankrupt, whose
debt was proved or provable against the estate
in bankruptcy, who shall see fit to contest the
validity of said discharge on the ground that it
was fraudulently obtained, may, at any time
within two years after the date thereof, apply
to the court which granted it to set aside and
annul the same. Said application shall be in
writing, shall specify which, in particular, of
the several acts mentioned in section twenty-
nine it is intended to give evidence of against
the bankrupt, setting forth the grounds of
avoidance, and no evidence fchall be admitted
as to any other of the said acts ; but said appli-
cation shall be subject to amendment at the
discretion of the court. The court shall cause
reasonable notice of said application to be given
to said bankrupt, and order him to appear and
answer the same, within such time as to the
court shall seem fit and proper. If, upon the
hearing of said parties, the court shall find that
the fraudulent acts, or any of them, set forth
as aforesaid by said creditor or creditors against
the bankrupt, are proved, and that said creditor
or creditors had no knowledge of the same
until after the granting of said discharge, judg-
ment shall be given in favor of said creditor or
creditors, and the discharge of said bankrupt
shall be set aside and annulled. But if said
court shall find that said fraudulent acts and
all of them, set forth as aforesaid, are not
proved, or that they were known to said cred-
itor or creditors before the granting of said dis-
charge, then judgment shall be rendered in
favor of the bankrupt, and the validity of his
discharge shall not be affected by said pro-
ceedings.
Preferences and Fraudulent Conveyances de-
clared Void.
Sec. 35. And be it further enacted, That if
any person, being insolvent, or in contempla-
tion of insolvency, within four months before
the filing of the petition by or against him,
with a view to give a preference to any cred-
itor or person having a claim against him, or
who is under any liability for him, procures
any part of his property to be attached, se-
questered, or seized on execution, or makes
any payment, pledge, assignment, transfer, or
conveyance of any part of his property, either
directly or indirectly, absolutely or condition-
ally, the person receivingsuch payment, pledge,
assignment, transfer, or conveyance, or to be
benefited thereby, or by such attachment, hav-
ing reasonable cause to believe such person is
Insolvent, and that such attachment, payment,
pledge, assignment, or conveyance is made in
fraud of the provisions of this act, the same
shall be void, and the assignee may recover
the property, or the value of it, from the per-
son so receiving it, or so to be benefited; and
if any person, being insolvent, or in contem-
plation of insolvency or bankruptcy, within
six months before the filing of the petition by
or against him, makes any payment, sale,
assignment, transfer, conveyance, or other
disposition of any part of his property to any
person who then has reasonable cause to be-
lieve him to be insolvent, or to be acting in
contemplation of insolvency, and that such
payment, sale, assignment, transfer, or other
conveyance is made with a view to prevent his
property from coming to his assignee in bank-
ruptcy, or to prevent the same from being dis-
tributed under this act, or to defeat the object
of, or in any way impair, hinder, impede, or
delay the operation and effect of, or to evade
any of the provisions of this act, the sale,
assignment, transfer, or conveyance shall be
void, and the assignee may recover the prop-
erty, or the value thereof, as assets of the
bankrupt. And if suqh sale, assignment,
transfer, or conveyance is not made in the
usual and ordinary course of business of the
debtor, the fact shall be prima facie evidence
of fraud. Any contract, covenant, or security
made or given by a bankrupt or other person
with, or in trust for, any creditor, for securing
the payment of any money as a consideration
for or with intent to induce the creditor to for-
bear opposing the application for discharge of
the bankrupt, shall be void; and if any cred-
itor shall obtain any sum of money or other
goods, chattels, or security from any person
as an inducement for forbearing to oppose, or
consenting to, such application for discharge,
every creditor so offending shall forfeit all
right to any share or dividend in the estate of
the bankrupt, and shall also forfeit double the
value or amount of such money, goods, chat-
tels, or security so obtained to be recovered
by the assignee for the benefit of the estate.
Bankruptcy of Partnerships and of Corpora-
tions.
Sue. 36. And be it further enacted, That
where two or more persons who are partners
' in trade shall be adjudged bankrupt,-either on
the petition of such partners or any one of
them, or on the petition of any creditor of the
partners, a warrant shall issue in the manner
provided by this act, upon which all the joint
, stock and property of the copartnership, and
: also all the separate estate of each of the part-
ners, shall be taken, excepting such parts
thereof as are hereinbefore excepted ; and all
the creditors of the company, and the separate
creditors of each partner, shall be allowed to
| prove their respective debts; and the assignee
shall be chosen by the creditors of the com-
j pany, and shall also keep separate accounts of
the joint stock or property of the copartner-
i ship and of the separate estate of each mem-
; ber thereof; and after deducting out of the
[ whole amount received by. such assignee the
; whole of the expenses and disbursements, the
i net proceeds of the joint stock shall be appro-
priated to pay the creditors of the copartner-
ship, and the net proceeds of the separate
estate of each partner shall be appropriated to
pay his separate creditors; and if there shall
be any balance of the separate estate of any
partner, after the payment of his separate
debts, such balance shall be added to the joint
stock for the payment of the joint creditors;
and if there shall be any balance of the joint
stock after payment of the joint debts, such
balance shall be divided and appropriated to
and among the separate estates of the several
partners according to their respective right
and interest therein, and as it would have been
if the partnership had been dissolved without
any bankruptcy; and the sum so appropriated
to the separate estate of each partner shall be
applied to the payment of his separate debts;
and the certificate of discharge shall be granted
or refused to each partner as the same would
or ought to be if the proceedings had been
against him alone under this act; and' in all
other respects the proceedings against part-
ners shall be conducted in the like manner as
if they had been commenced and prosecuted
against one person alone. If such copartners
reside in different districts, that court in which
the petition is first filed shall retain exclusive
jurisdiction over the case.
Sec. 37. And be it further enacted, That the
provisions of this act shall apply to all moneyed
business or commercial corporations and joint
stock companies, and that upon the petition of
any officer of any such corporation or company,
duly authorized by a vote of a majority of the
corporators at any legal meeting called for
the purpose, or upon the petition of any cred-
itor or creditors of such corporation or com-
pany, made and presented in the manner here-
inafter provided in respect to debtors, the like
proceedings shall be had and taken as are
hereinafter provided in the case of debtors;
and all'the provisions of this act which apply
to the debtor, or set forth his duties in regard
to furnishing schedules and inventories, exe-
cuting papers, submitting to examinations, dis-
closing, making over, secreting, concealing,
conveying, assigning, or paying away his money
or property, shall in like manner, and with like
force, effcct, and penalties, apply to each and
every officer of such corporation or company
in relation to the same matters concerning the
corporation or company, and the money and
property thereof. All payments, conveyances,
and assignments declared fraudulent and void
by this act when made by a debtor, shall in
like manner, and to the like extent, and with
like remedies, be fraudulent and void when
made by a corporation or company. No allow-
ance or discharge shall be granted to any cor-
