236
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSION AL GLOBE.
[March 2,
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
any creditor whose debt ia provable, who has
not signed the same, as if lie had signed it,
and on any creditor whose debt, if provable,
is not proved, as if he had proved it; and the
court, by order, shall direct all acts and things
needful to be done to carry into effect such res-
olution of the ereditors, and the said trustees
shall proceed to wind up and settle the estate
under the direction and inspection of such
committee of the creditors, for the equal ben-
efit of all such creditors, and the winding up
and settlement of any estate under the pro-
visions of this section shall be deemed to be
proceedings in bankruptcy under this act; and
the said trustees shall have all the rights and
powers of assigneesin bankruptcy. The court,
on the application of such trustees, shall have
power to summon and examine, or [on] oath
or otherwise, the bankrupt and any creditor,
and any person indebted to the estate, or
known or suspected of having any of the
estate in his possession, or any other person
whose examination may be material or neces-
sary to aid the trustees in the execution of
their trust, and to compel the attendance of
such persons and the production of books and
papers in the same manner as in other pro-
ceedings in bankruptcy under this act; and
the bankrupt shall have the like right to apply
for and obtain a discharge after the passage
of such resolution and the appointment of
such trustees as if such resolution had not
been passed, and as if all the proceedings had
continued in the manner provided in the pre-
ceding sections of this act. If the resolution |
shall not be duly reported, or the consent of !
the creditors shall not be duly filed, or if, upon
its filing, the court shall not think fit to ap- j
prove thereof, the bankruptcy shall proceed as !
though no resolution had been passed, and (
the court may make all necessary orders for
resuming the proceedings. And the period
of time which shall have elapsed between the
date of the resolution and the date of the
order for assuming proceedings shall not be
reckoned in calculating periods of time pre-
scribed by this act.
Penalties against Bankrupts.
Sec. 44. And be it further enacted, That
from and after the passage of this act if any
debtor or bankrupt shall, after the commence-
ment of proceedings in bankruptcy, secrete or
conceal any property belonging to his estate,
or part with, conceal, or destroy, alter, muti-
late, or falsify, or cause to be concealed, de-
stroyed, altered, mutilated, or falsified, any
book, deed, document, or writing relating
thereto, or remove, or cause to be removed,
the same or any part thereof out of the dis-
trict, or otherwise dispose of any part thereof,
with intent to prevent it from coming into the
possession of the assignee in bankruptcy, or
to hinder, impede, or delay either of them in
recovering or receiving the same, or make any
payment, gift, sale, assignment, transfer, or
conveyance of any property belonging to his
estate with the like intent, or spends any part
thereof in gaming; or shall, with intent to de-
fraud, willfully aud fraudulently conceal from
his assignee or omit from his schedule any
property or effects whatsoever; or if, in case
of any person having, to his knowledge or
belief, proved a false or fictitious debt against
his estate, he shall fail to disclose the same to
his assignee within one month after coming
to the knowledge or belief thereof; or shall
attempt to account for any of his property by
fictitious losses or expenses; or shall, within
three months before the commencement of
proceedings in bankruptcy, under the false
color and pretense of carrying on business and
dealing in the ordinary course of trade, obtain
on credit from any person any goods or chat-
tels with intent to defraud; or shall, with
intent to defraud his creditors, within three
months next before the commencement of
proceedings in bankruptcy, pawn, pledge, or
dispose of, otherwise than by bona fide trans-
actions in the ordinary way of his trade, any of
his goods or chattels which have been obtained
on credit and remain unpaid for, he shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and, upon
conviction thereof in any court of the United
States, shall be punished by imprisonment,
with or without hard labor, for a term not
exceeding three years.
Penalties against Officers.
Sec. 45. And be it further enacted, That if
any judge, register, clerk, marshal, messeri-
ger, assignee, or any other officer of the sev-
eral courts of bankruptcy shall, for anything
done or pretended to be done under this act,
or under color of doing anything thereunder,
willfully demand or take, or appoint or allow
any person whatever to take for him or on his
account, or for or on account of any other
person, or in trust for him or for any other
person, any fee, emolument, gratuity, sum of
money, or anything of value whatever, other
than is allowed by this act, or which shall be
allowed under the authority thereof, such per-
son, when convicted thereof, shall forfeit and
pay the sum of not less than three hundred
dollars and not exceeding five hundred dol-
lars, and be imprisoned not exceeding three
years.
Sec. 46. And be it further enacted, That if
any person shall forge the signature of a judge,
register, or other officer of the court, or shall
forge or counterfeit the seal of the courts, or
knowingly concur in using any such forged or
counterfeit signature or seal for the purpose
of authenticating any proceeding or document,
or shall tender in evidence any such proceed-
ing or document with a false or counterfeit
signature of any such judge, register, or other
officer, or a false or counterfeit seal of the
court, subscribed or attached thereto, knowing
such signature or seal to be false or counter-
feit, any such person shall be guilty of felony,
and upon conviction thereof shall be liable to
a fine of not less than five hundred dollars and
not more than five thousand dollars, and to be
imprisoned not exceeding five years, at the
discretion of the court.
Fees and Costs.
Sec. 47. And be it further enacted, That in
each case there shall be allowed and paid, in
addition to the fees of the clerk of the court as
now established by law, or as may be estab-
lished by general order, under the provisions
of this act, for fees in bankruptcy, the follow-
ing fees, which shall be applied to the payment
for the services of the registers:
For issuing every warrant, two dollars.
For each day in which a meeting is held,
three dollars.
For each order for a dividend, three dollars.
For every order substituting an arrangement
by trust deed for bankruptcy, two dollars.
For every bond with sureties, two dollars.
For every application for any meetingin any
matter under this act, one dollar.
For every day's service while actually em-
ployed under a special order of the court, a sum
not exceeding five dollars, to be allowed by the
court.
For taking depositions, the fees now allowed
by law.
For every discharge when there is no oppo-
sition, two dollars.
Such fees shall have priority of payment over
all other claims out of the estate, and, before
a warrant issues, the petitioner shall deposit
with the senior register of the court, or with
the clerk, to be delivered to the register, fifty
dollars as security for the payment thereof;
and if there are not sufficient assets for the
payment of the fees, the person upon whose
petition the warrants is issued, shall pay the
same, and the court may issue an execution
against him to compel payment to the regis-
ter.
Before any dividend is ordered, the assignee
shall pay out of the estate to the messenger
the following fees, and no more:
First. For service of warrant, two dollars.
Second.' For all necessary travel, at the rate
of five cents a mile, each way.
Third. For each written note to creditor
named in the schedule, ten cents.
Fourth. For custody of property, publica-
tion of notices, and other services, his actual
and necessary expenses upon returning the
same in specific items, and making oath that
they have been actually incurred and paid by
him, and are just and reasonable, the same .to
be taxed or adjusted by the court, and the oath
of the messenger shall not be conclusive as to
the necessity of said expenses.
For cause shown, and upon hearing thereon,
such further allowance may be made as the
court, in its discretion, may determine.
The enumeration of the foregoing fees shall
not prevent the judges, who shall frame gen-
eral rules and orders, in accordance with the
provisions of section ten, from prescribing a
tariff of fees for all other services of the officers
of courts of bankruptcy, or from reducing the
fees prescribed in this section in classes of cases
to be named in their rules and orders.
Of Meaning of Terms and Computation of
Time.
Sec. 48. And be it further enacted, That the
word "assignee," and the word "creditor"
shall include the plural also ; and the word
"messenger" shall include his assistant or
assistants, except in the provision for the fees
of that officer. The word "marshal" shall
include the marshal's deputies; the word "per-
son" shall also include "corporation;" and
the word "oath" shall include "affirmation."
And in all cases in which any particular num-
ber of days is prescribed by this act, or shall
be mentioned in any rule or order of court or
general order which shall at any time be made
under this act, for the doing of any act, or for
any other purpose, the same shall be reckoned,
in the absence of any expression to the con-
trary, exclusive of the first, and inclusive of
the last day, unless the last day shall fall on a
Sunday, Christmas day, or on any day appointed
by the President of the United States as a day ,
of public fast or thanksgiving, or on the Fourth
of July, in which case the time shall be reck-
oned exclusive of that day also.
Sec. 49. And be it further enacted, That all
the jurisdiction, power, and authority conferred
upon and vested in the district court of the Uni-
ted States by this act in cases in bankruptcy are
hereby conferred upon and vested in the su-
preme court of the District of Columbia, and
in and upon the supreme courts of the several
Territories of the United States, when the
bankrupt resides in the said District of Colum-
bia or in either of the said Territories. And
in those judicial districts which are not within
any organized circuit of the United States, the
power and jurisdiction of a circuit court in
bankruptcy may be exercised by the district
judge.
Sec. 50. And be it further enacted, That this
act shall commence and take effect as to the
appointment of the officers created hereby,
and the promulgation of rules and general
orders, from and after the date of its ap-
proval: Provided, That no petition or other
proceeding under this act shall be filed, re-
ceived, or commenced before the first day of
June, anno Domini eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CLXX YII. —An Act for the Relief of the
Inhabitants of Cities and Towns upon the
Public Lands.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That whenever any por-
tion of the public lands of the United States
have been or shall be settled npon and occu-
