238
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
[March 2,
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Laivg of the United States.
from any cause, to perform any of the monthly
voyages stipulated for in this contract, a pro
rata deduction may be made from the com-
pensation on account of such omitted voyage
or voyages; that suitable fines and penalties
may be imposed for delays and irregularities
in the performance of the service; and that
the Postmaster General shall have the power,
at any time, to determine the contract in case
of its being underlet or assigned to any other
party.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CLXXXIII.—An Act to amend an Act
entitled "An Act concerning the Fire De-
fartment of Washington City," approved
'ebruary eighteen, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That so much of the act
entitled "An act concerning the fire depart-
ment of Washington city," approved February
eighteen, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven,
as provides for the use and occupation of the
Union engine-house by the city of Washington,
is hereby repealed.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CLXXXIV.—An Act to extend the
provisions of an Act entitled "An Act for
the final Adjustment of Private Land Claims
in the States of Florida, Louisiana, and Mis-
souri, and for other purposes."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the provisions of the
act entitled "An act for the final adjustment
of private land claims in the States of Florida,
Louisiana, and Missouri, and for other pur-
poses," approved June twenty-second, eight-
een hundred and sixty, be, and the same are
hereby, extended, and the same shall continue
in force for a period of three years from and
after the passage of this act.
Approved, March 2, 18C7.
Chap. CLXXXV.—An Act relating to Ap-
peals and Writs of Error to the Supreme
Court.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That where any appeal or
writ of error has been brought to the Supreme
Court from any final judgment or decree of an
inferior court of the United States for any
judicial district in which, subsequently to the
rendition of such judgment or decree, the reg-
ular sessions of such court have been suspended
or interrupted by insurrection or rebellion,
such appeal or writ of error shall be valid and
effectual, notwithstanding the time limited by
law for bringing the same may have previously
expired; and in cases where no appeal or writ
of error has been brought from any such judg-
ment or decree, such appeal or writ of error
may be brought within one year from the pas-
sage of this act. The provisions of this act
shall not apply to any case in which the right
to bring an appeal or writ of error had expired
before such suspension or interruption of the
regular sessions of the court.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That where
an appeal has been or may be taken from any
final judgment, decree, or order of the district
court of the United States for any district to a
circuit court, the cause appealed by consent
of parties may be heard and disposed of by the
circuit court held by the district judge at any
time after the appeal, in case of the absence
at such term of the Chief Justice of the United
States or the associate justice allotted to those
circuit courts for such district.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CLXXXVI.—An Act to regulate the
Disposition of an Irregular Fund in the
Custody of the Freedmen's Bureau.
Whereas the Commissioner of the Bureau
of Refugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands
reports a retained bounty fund, derived from
a portion of the State bounties of certain col-
ored soldiers enlisted in Virginia and North
Carolina during the 3'ears eighteen hundred
and sixty-four and eighteen hundred and sixty-
five, and by virtue of general order number
ninety, department of Virginia and North Car-
olina, series of eighteen hundred and sixty-
four, holden by the superintendent of freed-
men's affairs, but turned over to the said
Freedmen's Bureau upon its organization: and
whereas the said Commissioner has in posses-
sion the names of those soldiers from whom
the said money was taken; and whereas he
has uniformity returned the same upon the
application or discovery of legal representa-
tives, but retains a considerable portion thereof
belonging to soldiers who are either deceased
or who cannot be found: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congr^ assembled, That the said Commis-
sioner of the Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen,
and Abandoned Lands, or his successor in
office, be, and he is hereby, constituted the
lawful custodian of said retained bounty fund,
and appointed trustee of the same for the
benefit of said colored soldiers or their lawful
representatives.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
said Commissioner be, and he is hereby, spe-
cially authorized and empowered to invest the
said fund, or any portion thereof, in bonds of
the United States, for the exclusive benefit of
the said colored soldiers or their legal repre-
sentatives : Provided, however, That a suffi-
cient amount of the same in cash be retained
uninvested to meet all lawful claims thereupon
that will probably be presented for payment:
And provided further, That any portion of the
said fund which may remain unexpended when
the said bureau shall cease to exist shall be
accounted for bv said Commissioner to the
Treasury of the United States.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
CHAr. CLXXXVII.—An Act to Abolish and
forever Prohibit the System of Peonage in
the Territory of New Mexico and other
parts of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the holding of any
person to service or labor under the system
known as peonage is hereby declared to be
unlawful, and the same is hereby abolished
and forever prohibited in the Territory of New
Mexico, or in any other Territory or State
of the United States; and all acts, laws, reso-
lutions, orders, regulations, or usages of the
Territory of New Mexico, or of any other Ter-
ritory or State of the United States, which
have heretofore established, maintained, or
enforced, or by virtue of which any attempt
shall hereafter be made to establish, maintain,
or enforce, directly or indirectly, the volun-
tary or involuntary service or labor of any
persons as peons, in liquidation of any debt
or obligation, or otherwise, be, and the same
are hereby, declared null and void ; and any
person or persons who shall hold, arrest, or
return, or cause to be held, arrested, or re-
turned, or in any manner aid in the arrest or
return of any person or persons to a condi-
tion of peonage, shall, upon conviction, be
punished by fine not less than one thousand
nor more than five thousand dollars, or by
imprisonment not less than one nor more than
five years, or both, at the discretion of the
court.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it'
shall be the duty of all persons in the military
or civil service in the Territory of New Mex-
ico to aid in the enforcement of the foregoing
section of this act; and any person or persons
who shall obstruct or attempt to obstruct, or
in any way interfere with or prevent the en-
forcement of this act, shall be liable to the
pains and penalties hereby provided ; and any
officer or other person in the military service
of the United States who shall so offend, di-
rectly or indirectly, shall, on conviction before
a court-martial, be dishonorably dismissed the
service of the U nited States, and shall thereafter
be ineligible to reappointment to any office of
trust, honor, or profit under the Government.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CLXXXVIII.—An Act to regulate the
Disposition of the Proceeds of Fines, Pen-
alties, and Forfeitures incurred under the
Laws relating to the Customs, and for other
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That from the proceeds
of fines, penalties, and forfeitures incurred
under the provisions of the laws relating to
the customs, there shall be deducted such
charges and expenses .as are by law in each
case authorized to be deducted ; and in addi-
tion, in case of the forfeiture of imported mer-
chandise of a greater value than five hundred
dollars on which duties have not been paid, or
in case of a release thereof, upon payment of
its appraised value, or of any fine or composi-
tion in money, there shall also be deducted
an amount equivalent to the duties in coin
upon such merchandise, (including the addi-
tional duties, if any,) which shall be credited
in the accounts of the collector as duties re-
ceived, and the residue of the proceeds afore-
said shall be paid into the Treasury of the
United States, and distributed, under the di-
rection of the Secretary of the Treasury, in
the manner following, to wit: one half to the
United States ; one fourth to the person giv-
ing the information which has led to the seiz-
ure, or to the recovery of the fine or penalty,
•and if there be no informer other than the
collector, naval officer, or surveyor, then to
the officer making the seizure; and the re-
maining one fourth to be equally divided
between the collector, naval officer, and sur-
veyor, or such of them as are appointed for
the district in which the seizure has been
made, or the fine or penalty incurred, or, if
there be only a collector, then to such col-
lector. But where any fine, penalty, or for-
feiture, incurred by virtue of the laws relat-
ing to customs, shall be recovered in conse-
quence of any information given by an officer
of a revenue-cutter, the proceeds thereof shall,
after the legal deductions, including the de-
ductions herein authorized, have been made,
be disposed of as follows: one fourth to the
United States, one fourth to the officers of the
customs, as hereinbefore provided; and the
remainder to the officers of such revenue-cut-
ter, to be divided among them in proportion
to their pay.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That
whenever it shall be made to appear to the
satisfaction of the judge of the district court
for any district in the United States, by com-
plaint and affidavit, that any fraud on the rev-
enue has been committed by any person or
persons interested, or in any way engaged, in
the importation or entry of merchandise at any
port within such district, said judge shall forth-
with issue his warrant directed to the marshal
of the district, requiring said marshal, by him-
self or deputy, to enter any place or premises*
where any iuvoices, books, or papers are de-
posited relating to the merchandise in respect
to which such fraud is alleged to have been
committed, and to take possession of such
books or papers and produce them before the
said judge; and any invoices, books, or papers
