1867.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
239
Laiv-s of the United States.
39th Coxg....2d Sess.
so seized shall be subject to the order of said
judge, who shall allow the examination of the
same by the collector of customs of the port
into which the alleged fraudulent importation
shall have been made, or by any officer duly
authorized by said collector. And such in-
voices, books, or papers may be retained by
said judge as long as in his opinion the reten-
tion thereof may be necessary; but no warrant
for such seizure shall be issued, unless the
complainant shall set forth the character of
the fraud alleged, the nature of the same, and
the importations in respect to which it was
committed, and the papers to be seized. And
the warrant issued on such complaint, with
report of service and proceedings thereon, shall
be returned as other warrants to the court of
the district within which such judge presides.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That
whenever the collector or other chief officer of
the customs of any port shall be notified in
writing by the owner or consignee of any ves-
sel or vehicle, arriving from any foreign port
or place, of a lien for freight on any merchan-
dise imported in such vessel or vehicle, and
remaining in his custody, such collector or
other officer is hereby authorized and empow-
ered to refuse the delivery of such merchandise
from any public or bonded warehouse, or other
place in which the same shall be deposited,
until proof to his satisfaction shall be produced
that the freight due thereon has been paid or
secured; but the rights of the United States
shall not be prejudiced thereby, nor shall the
United States or its officers be in any manner
liable for losses consequent upon such refusal
to deliver: and if merchandise so subject to a
lien, regarding which notice has been filed as
aforesaid, shall be forfeited to the United States
and sold, the freight due thereon shall be paid
from the proceeds of such sale in the same man-
ner as other charges and expenses now author-
ized by law to be paid therefrom.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted., That the
the seventh section '"An act to prevent and
punish frauds upon the revenue, to provide
for the more certain and speedy collection of
claims in favor of the United States, and for
other purposes," approved March three, eight-
een hundred and sixty-three; the seventeenth
section of the "Act further to prevent smug-
gling, and for other purposes," approved July
eighteen, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, and
all other laws or parts of laws inconsistent with,
or supplied by the provisions of thia act, be,
and they are hereby, repealed. And the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall prescribe all need-
ful regulations to carry out and enforce the
provisions of this act.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CLXXXIX.—An Act granting Lands to
aid in the Construction of a Railroad from
the City of Stockton to the Town of Copper-
opolis, in the State of California.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the right of way
through the public lands be, and the same is
hereby, granted to the Stockton and Copper-
opolis Railroad Company, a corporation organ-
ized under the laws of the State of California,
its successors and assigns, for the construction
of a railroad from the city of Stockton to the
town of Copperopolis, in the State of Califor-
nia, by the most feasible route, to be selected
by said company; and the right is hereby given
to said company to take from the public lands
adjacent to the line of said road material for
the construction thereof. Said right of way is
granted to said company to the extent of one
hundred feet in width on each side of said road
where it may pass through the public domain;
also all necessary ground for station buildings,
work-shops, depots, machine-shops,* switches,
side-tracks, turn-tables, and water-stations:
Provided, That all the rights conferred upon
said railroad company by this act are made
upon the express condition that said company
shall first be designated by the Legislature of
the State of California as the company to be
vested with the rights, privileges, franchises,
and grants created or conferred by this act.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That there
be, and is hereby, granted to the State of Cal-
ifornia, for the construction of the said Stock-
ton and Copperopolis railroad, its successors
and assigns, for the purpose of aiding in the
construction of the said railroad, upon the
condition prescribed in section one of this act,
and to secure the safe and speedy transporta-
tion of the mails, troops, munitions of war,
and public stores over the route of said line
of railway, every alternate section of public
land designated by odd numbers to the extent
of five alternate sections on each side of said
railroad line as said company may adopt, when-
ever on the line thereof the United States have
full title, not reserved, sold, granted, or other-
wise appropriated, and free from preemption
or other claims or rights at the time the line
of said road is definitely fixed and a plot thereof
filed in the office of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office. And whenever, prior to
said time, any of said sections or parts of sec-
tions shall have been granted, sold, reserved,
or covered by private land grants, or occupied
by homestead settlers, or preempted or other-
wise disposed of, other lands shall be selected
by said company, in lieu thereof, on the line of
said road, within twenty miles of the same,
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, in alternate sections, and designated
by odd numbers: Provided, That all lands con-
taining gold or silver, or copper, be, and the
same are hereby, excluded from the operations
of this act, and in lieu thereof a like quantity
of unoccupied and unappropriated lands, in
odd-numbered sections, within the said twenty
miles of the line of said road, may be selected
as above provided: And provided further, That
the word "mineral," when it occurs in this
act, shall not be held to include iron or coal.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever said railroad company shall have ten con-
secutive miles of any portion of said railroad
ready for the service contemplated, the Pacific
railroad commissioners shall examine the same;
and if it shall appear that ten miles of said road
have teen completed in a good and substantial
manner, and in all respects as required by this
act, the commissioners shall so report to the
President of the United States, and patents of
lands, as aforesaid, shall be issued to said com-
pany, confirming to said company the right and
title to said lands hereinbefore granted, situated
opposite to and conterminous with said com-
pleted section of said road, within twenty miles
thereof. And from time to time, whenever ten
additional miles shall have been constructed,
completed, and in readiness as aforesaid, and
verified by the commissioners to tlie President
of the United States, then patents shall be is-
sued to said company, conveying the additional
sections of land as aforesaid, and so on as fast
as every ten miles of said road is completed.
The services of said commissioners under this
act shall be paid by said company.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, lhat said
railroad shall be constructed in a substantial
and workmanlike manner, with^all the neces-
sary draws, culverts, bridges, viaducts, cross-
ings, turnouts, stations, and watering places,
and all other appurtenances, including furni-
ture and rolling stock, equal in all respects to
railroads of the first class when prepared for
business, with rails of the best quality; and a
uniform gauge with the Pacific railroad shall
be established the entire length of the road.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, lhat the
President of the United States shall cause the
lands to be surveyed for twenty miles in width
on both sides of the entire line of the said road,
after the general route shall be fixed, and as
fast as may be required by the construction of
said railroad: and the odd sections of land
hereby granted shall not be liable to sale or
entry or preemption, before or after they are
surveyed, except by said company, as provided
in this act; but the provisions of the act of
September, eighteen hundred and forty-one,
granting preemption rights, and the acts
amendatory thereof, and of the act entitled
"An act to secure homesteads to actual set-
tlers on the public domain," approved May
twenty, eighteen hundred and sixty two, shall
bo, and the same are hereby, extended to all
other lands on the line of said road when sur-
veyed, excepting those hereby granted to said
company ; and the sections and parts of sec-
tions which shall remain in the United States
within ten miles of said railroad on each side
thereof shall not be sold for less than two
dollars and fifty cents per acre.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That each
and every grant, right, and privilege are so
made and given to and accepted by said Stock-
ton and Copperopolis Railroad Company upon
and subject to the following conditions, namely:
that the said company shall commence the work
on said road within two years from the approval
of this act by the President, and shall complete
not less than ten miles per year after the sec-
ond year, and shall construct, furnish, equip,
and complete the whole road by the fourth day
of July, eighteen hundred and seventy-two;
and upon a failure of said company to comply
with either of said conditions, the lauds then
unpatented to said company shall revert to the
United States.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
United States make the several conditioned
grants herein, and that the said Stockton and
Copperopolis Railroad Company accept the
same, upon the further condition that if the
said company mak^ any breach of the condi-
tions thereof, and allow the same to continue
for upwards of one year, then, in such case, at
any time hereafter, Congress may do any and
all acts and things which may be needful and
necessary to insure a speedy completion of
said road.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That said
Stockton and Copperopolis railroad, or any
part thereof, shall be a post route and military
railroad, subject to the use of the United States
for postal, military, naval, and all other Gov-
ernment service, and also subject to such reg-
ulations as Congress may impose restricting
the charges for such Government transporta-
tion, and all troops and munitions of war of
the United States shall be transported over
the said railroad free of all expense or charge
to the Government therefor, whenever the,
same shall be required by the Government of
the United States.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the
acceptance of the terms, conditions, and im-
positions of this act by the said Stockton and
Copperopolis Railroad Company, shall be sig-
nified in writing, under the corporate seal of
the said company, duly executed pursuant to
the direction of its board of directors first had
and obtained, which acceptance shall be made
within two years after the passage of this act,
and not afterward, and shall be served on the
President of the United States, and filed in the
office of the Secretary of the Interior.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That
unless the said Stockton and Copperopolis
Railroad Company shall obtain bona fide sub-
scription to the stock of said company to the
amount of two hundred thousand dollars, with
five per centum paid within two years after the
passage and approval of this act, it shall oe
null and void.
Sec. 11. And be it farther enacted, lhat
Congress may, at any time, having due regard
for the rights of said railroad company, add to,
alter, amend, or repeal this act.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, Lhat
lots in towns and villages shall be exempt from
the provisions of this act.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
