240
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Chap. CXC.—An Act to incorporate the Joint
Stock Company of the Young Men's Christian
Association of Washington.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That S. P. Chase, 0. O.
Howard, John R. Elvans, S. L. Brown, H. D.
Cooke, James Harlan, George P. Fisher, O.
H. Browning, James A. Bkin, A. R. Shep-
herd, B. H. Stinemetz, William Ballantyne,
A. C. Richards, F. A. Lutz, L. Clephane, and
Samuel Norment, all of the District of Colum-
bia, and their associates and successors, are
hereby erected into a body-corporate in deed
and in law, by the name, style, and title of the
Joint Stock Company of the Young Men's
Christian Association, for the purpose of erect-
ing a suitable building for the meetings of the
association, with a hall, free reading-rooms,
and library for the employes of the public
Departments and the citizens of the District of
Columbia.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
said corporation, by the same name and title,
shall have a capital stock of two hundred thou-
sand dollars ($200,000) in shares of twenty-five
dollars ($25) each, and be able to sue and be"
sued, plead and be impleaded, in all courts of
law, and elsewhere, and shall be capable and
able, in law and equity, to take, purchase, hold,
and receive to therp and their successors, for
the use of said company, lands, tenements,
choses in action, goods and chattels of what-
ever kind, nature, or quality, real, personal, or
mixed, which now are or hereafter may become
the property of said corporation or be held for
their use, by gift, grant, bargain, sale, convey-
ance, devise, bequest, or otherwise from any
person whomsoever capable of making thesame:
Provided, [That] the value of the real and
personal estate held by this corporation shall
never exceed the said sum of two hundred
thousand dollars. The said corporation may
have a common seal, and at pleasure alter,
change, or renew the same, and in general do
all things which may be necessary for the well-
being and due management of said corporation.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
corporation hereby erected shall have power
to elect a board of directors and such officers
for its government, the management of its
property, and the superintendence of its affairs,
and make such by-laws as they may deem
proper, not inconsistent with the Constitution
and laws of the United States, and to change
or modify them at pleasure.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
board of directors shall receive all rents and
revenues arising from the building, and shall
from the rents and revenues received by them
declare and pay an annual interest of not ex-
ceeding six per cent, upon the capital stock of
said corporation.
Sec. 5. Andbe it further enacted, That when
the rents and revenues of the building shall
exceed the amount necessary to pay the interest
upon the capital stock, the board of directors
shall pay over to the Young Men's Christian
Association the surplus of rents and revenues,
which surplus shall be used by the association
to purchase the stock hereby authorized at
rates not exceeding its par value, and for no
other purpose.
Sec. 0. Andbeit further enacted, Thatwhen
the \oung Men's Christian Association shall
have purchased and absorbed all the stock
issued by the joint stock company, the board
ot directors shall transfer to the association the
re;vl and personal estate held by it. and all
books and papers relating to its transactions ;
after which transfer the full title and interest
in such building and property shall vest and be
in the Young Men's Christian Association
of Washington; and the corporation hereby
created shall then be dissolved; and the rents
and revenues of the building shall thereafter be
used exclusively to sustain, improve, and en-
large the public hall, library, parlors, and gym-
nasium, and for the moral and intellectual im-
provement of young men.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
building and grounds, the rents and revenues
of the same, and the stock issued to erect such
building shall be forever exempt from taxation.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That
Congress may alter, amend, or repeal this act
at will.
Appboved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CXCI.—An Act to establish certain
Post Roads.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following be
established as post routes:
arizona.
From Prescott to Lynx Creek, Bigbug, and
Woolsey Ranch to Turkey Creek.
california.
From Benton, via Bridgeport and Antelope
Valley, to Mammoth Ledge, in Nevada.
From Drytown to Fiddletown.
From Havilah, via Rio Bravo Ranche, to
Bakerfield.
colorado.
From Badito to Spanish Peaks.
From Pueblo to Homosilla.
From Pueblo, via Rock Carson Ridge and
Frazier Settlements, to Carson City.
From Boulder to Jamestown.
From Erupea City, via Argentine and Pera,
Munchy district, to Breckenridge.
illinois.
From Oneida to Woodhull.
From Albion to Buxton.
From Frederick, via Browning, Sheldon's
Grove, Bluff City, Marbletown, and Bendtown,
to Lewistown.
From Marietta to Cuba.
From Rock Island to Centre Ridge.
From Traverse City, via Monroe and Wex-
ford, to Sherman's, in Michigan.
From Shelbyville, via Todd's Point, to
Wanoborne.
From Decatur to Newbnrg.
From Marrisa to Erie.
From Seneca, via Scott, to Sunbury.
From Danville, via Rossville and Blue Grass,
to Paxton.
From Oakland, via Greasy Point and Rural
Retreat, to Areola.
From Monticello to Centreville.
From Bloomington to Paxton.
From Casey, via Greenup, to Effingham.
From Hutton to Union Centre.
From Westfield to Casey.
From Rock Island, via Coal town, Zuma, and
Carver Creek, to Sterling.
indiana.
From Memphis to Jasper.
From Jasper to Lynn villa.
From Glen Hall, via West Point, Shawnee
Mound, and Sugar Grove, to Farmer's Institute.
From Glen Hall to Farmer's Institute.
From Perrysville to Danville.
From Rockville, via Bruin's Cross Roads,
Weaveland, and Brown's Valley, to Crawfords-
ville.
From Seymour to Nashville, via Wtiymans-
vilie and Pike's Peak.
From Shelbyville to Winterrowd.
iowa.
From Homer City to Grant.
From Webster City to Grant.
From Lakin's Grove to Hawley.
From Central City to Monticello.
From Iowa Falls to Algoifa.
From Homer to Webster City.
From Sioux Rapids, via Douglas and Lin-
coln, to Spencer.
From Chariton, via Freedom, Bister's Grove,
and Lancaster's Mills, to Corydon.
kansas.
From Osage Mission, via Sherman City and
Hamlin, to Petersville.
From Marmaton, via Cato, Owego, Logans-
port, Lafayette, and Wheaton, to Cherokee
City.
From Fort Scott, via Allington, Reno, Wor-
cester, Pleasant View, and Clarksville, to Peters-
ville.
From Troy, via Doniphan and Atchison, to
Leavenworth.
kentucky.
From Brownville to Rocky Hill.
From Falmouth to Miiford.
maryland.
From Middleville, via Leighton, to Wayland.
From Leonardtown to Hollywood.
michfgan.
From Galesburg, via Pavillion and Brady,
to Menden.
From Climax Prairie, viaLeonidasand Colon,
to Burr Oak.
From Pierson to Wright's.
From Traverse City, via Monroe Centre and
Wexford, to Sherman's.
From Big Rapids, via Paris, to Manistee.
minnesota.
From Sunrise City to Fish Lake.
From Forest City, via Mananah, Ewing, and
Nichols, to New London.
From Winnebago City to Jackson.
From Richmond to Chippewa Station.
From Redwood Falls to Yellow Medicine.
From St. Charles, via Worth and Arago, to
Rushford.
From Paynesville, via Georgesville, Lake
Johanna, Iola, and Glenwood, to Alexandria.
From Richmond, via Glenwood, Reno City,
Holmes City, and Pomme-de-Terre, to Fort
Abercrombie, in Dakota.
From Clearfield to Marion.
From Jackson, Minnesota, and Spirit Lake,
in Iowa, to Sioux City, ICwa.
From Fairmount, Fox Lake, Wooster, and
Graham Lake, in Minnesota, to Yancton, in
Dakato [Dakota] Territory.
From Fort Ridgeley, via Birch Cooley, Sacred
Harp Creek, Hawk Creek, and Palmer's
Creek, to Chippewa City.
From Rushford, via Brossburg, Highland,
Lenora, in Minnesota, and Burr Oak, to Deco-
rah, in Iowa.
From Shakopee to Excelsior.
From Owatouna to Albert Lea.
From Mankato to Minnesota Lake.
From Paynesville, via James Tuttle's. Bur-
bank City, Norway Lake, Limberg's Town,
Glenwood, and Bi^ Stone Lake, Minnesota,
to Fort Wadsworth, Dakota Territory.
From Richmond, via Lake George, Big
Grove, Grove Lake, White Bear Lake, Reno
City, and Holmes City, to Chippewa.
From Geneva to Freeborn.
From Buffalo, via Frankfort, Hassan, Batti-
neau Prairie, to Minneapolis.
From Paynesville, via Burbank and Norway
Lake, to School Lake.
From Crow Wing to Fort Clark.
From Saint Charles, via Quincy and Little
Valley, to Plain view.
.From Paynesville to Alexandria.
From Swan River, via Martin's, LongPrairie,
and Hoadley. to Long Prairie River.
From Sauk Centre, via Scott, Long Prairie,
and Lanthear. to Basset.
From West Union to Long Prairie.
From Minneapolis, via Richfield. Bloom-
ington, Bloomington Ferry, and Eden Prairie,
to Shakopee.
MISSOURI.
From Sedalia, via Osceola, Virgil City,
Lamar, Carthage, and Granby, to Neosho.
From Osage, via Last Creek and Walton's
Mill, to Potosi.
From Brnnos, via Cold Water and Hosier's
Hill, to Green#
