1867.^
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
241
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
From New London, via Madisonville, to
Wellsville.
From Danville, via Big Spring, Dry Fork
Mills, Rhineland, Loutre Island, to Herman.
neb[r]aska.
From Plattsmouth, via Weeping Water,
Stoor Creek, Shirley Station, Lancaster, Saline
City, and Middle Creek, to Blue River.
From Beatrice, via Snow City, to Big Sandy.
new mexico.
From Fort Cummings, via Fort Bayard, to
Penos Altos.
nevada.
From Dayton, via Hot Springs, to Pine Grove.
new york.
From South Petersburg to Berlin.
From Monticello, via Bushville, Stevens-
ville, Briscoe, Jeffersonville, Falls Mill, and
Calicoon, to Calicoon Station.
From Oswego City, via Oswego Centre and
North Hannibal, to Hannibalville.
north carolina.
From Hillsdale to Greensboro'.
ohio.
From Columbus to Beckett's Store.
From Young Hickory, via Sand Hollow, to
Bristol.
From Caledonia to Delaware.
oregon.
From Salem, via Howell Prairie, to Silverton.
pennsylvania.
From Roxbury, via Amberson's Valley, to
Dry Run.
From Sugar Grove, in Pennsylvania, to
Watts's Station, in New York.
From Mahoutongo to Sweet Home.
From Warfordsburg, via Emmasville, to
Ray's Hill.
. From Dayton to Kerr's Store.
From Reading, via Angelica, Hammel's
Store, California, and Welsh Mountain, to
Waynesburgh.
From Birdsboro, via White Bear Town,
Beckersville, Hammel's Store, to Adamstown.
From Kasson, via Kane, to Marion.
From Chatham Valley, via Darius Syke'a
and Ros'well Achley's, to Westfield.
From Kinneysville, via Treat's Corners, to
Knoxville.
From Auburn Four Corners, via West Au-
burn and East Springhill, to Wyalusing.
From Rowe, via Joseph Seeley's and Ken-
yon Corners, to Nichols.
From Blossburgh, via Ogdensburgh, to mouth
of Roaring Branch.
FromHollidaysburgh, viaL. Bennett's Mills,
to Whitney's Corners.
From Karthon's to Round Island.
From Tioga, via Farmington Hill and Farm-
ington Centre, to Osceola.
From Montoursville, via Loyal Sock, Fair-
field Centre, and Wolf Run, to Munchy Bor-
ough.
From H. Vermillyer's, via Long Run and
Sabinsville, to Westfield.
From Ulysses, via Harrison Valley, to West-
field.
From Tarentum to Saxonburgh.
From Kittanning to Plumville.
From Mohrsville to Bernville.
From Dundaff to Uniondale.
From Salona to Lamar Mills.
tennessee.
From Due West, via Level Land, to Temple
of Health.
utah.
From Beaver, in Utah, via Minersville and
Meddowsith, to Paranagat, in Nevada.
virginia.
From Trevilian's Depot to Green Springs.
west virginia.
From New Port, via Salt Pond, Weisiger's
and Brown's, to Salt Sulphur Springs.
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 16.
From Cabell Court House, via Tudge's
Creek and Porter's Mill, to Hamlin.
from Petroleum, via California House and
Oil Rock, to llathbono.
From Perrysville, via Clear Fork, to Tug
River Post Office.
From Petroleum Station, via California
House and Oil Rock, to Running Springs.
wisconsin.
_ From Milwaukee, via NewKoelu, to Paynes-
ville.
From Rural, via Waupaca, Ogdensburg,
Little Wolf, North Royalton, and Northport,
to New London.
kansas.
From Salina, Salina county, via Ottawa
county, up the Saline river valley, to the
mouth of Spillman's creek.
From Saline, via the Kansas Salt Com-
pany's Works, Oakland, Minneapolis, thence
up the Solomon river valley, via Usher's
creek, to the mouth of Oak creek.
From Emporia, Lyon county, via Madison,
Janeville, and Noonday, to Eureka, Green-
wood county.
From Humboldt, Allen county, via south
branch of Bull creek, thence down the east
branch of Buffalo creek to its mouth, in Wil-
son county, thence to Coyville.
; From Topeka, via Indianola, in Shawnee
I county, and Mitchell's Mills, to Holton, in
j Jackson county.
I From Wamego, Pattawatomie county, by
way of Allen, Wabaunsie county, to Council
Grove.
From Burlington, Coffey county, to Bel-
! mont, Woodson county.
I From Hiawatha, Brown county, via Mus-
1 catah, to Grasshopper Falls, Jefferson county.
From Osage Mission, Neasho county, via
Sherman, Salamanca, Petersville, Cherokee
county, to Neosho, Newton county, Missouri.
From Lawrence, via Oskaloosa, to Grass-
hopper Falls.
From Desota, Johnson county, via Gardner,
to Ossawatomie.
From Topeka, by way of Holton and
Sebatha, to Nebraska City.
From Mound City, Linn county, Kansas, by
way of Trading Post, Linn county, to Pleasant
Hill, Missouri.
From Manhattan, Riley county, by way of
Clay county, to Lake Sibley, in Shirley county.
From Manhattan, by way of Westmoreland
and Savannah, PaUawatomie county, to Coun-
cil Grove.
From Paola to Rockville, by way of Miami
Village, to New Lancaster, Miami county.
From Fort Scott, via Cato, to Monmouth;
and a tri-weekly mail from Prairie City, via
Centropolis, to Burlingarae; also tri-weekly
from Council Grove to intersect Santa Fe
mail near Fort Lamed.
From Topeka to Holton, Jackson county,
Kennekuk, Atchisqp county, and Troy, Doni-
phan county.
Missouri river railroad from Wyanaradotte to
Le[a]venwcrth.
From Mound City, Linn county, to Chero-
kee City, Cherokee county, via Mannaton
county, Monmouth, Crawford county.
From Fort Scott to Baxter's Springs, via
Pleasant View and Petersville, Cherokee
county.
From Council Grove, via Cottonwood Falls,
Eldorado, Fort Arbuckle, to Sherman, Texas.
From Topeka, Shawnee county, to Burling-
ton, Coffey county.
From Perryville, Jefferson county, to Oska-
loosa, Jefferson county.
A route from Carlyle, Allen county, to
Geneva, Allen county.
A route from Fort Scott, Kansas, via Maple-
ton, Xenia, in Bourbon county, to Garrett,
Anderson county. _
From Cottonwood Falls to Junction City.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CXCII.—An Act to Incorporate the
National Capital Insurance Company.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Green Adams, Eras-
tus Poulson, Joseph J. Coombs, Robert Leech,
John B. Clark, jr., J. P. Reznor, Fergus M.
Blair, Robert L. Owen, and Joseph W. Parish,
and others who may become members, are
hereby created a body politic and corporate*
by the name and style of the "National Capi-
tal Insurance Company," for the purpose of
carrying on the business of insurance at the
city of Washington, in the District of Colum-
bia, and elsewhere, subject to the laws of the
several States, and shall and may have per-
petual succession, and shall be capable in law
of contracting and being contracted with, and
of suing and being sued, pleading and being
impleaded, in all courts of competent jurisdic-
tion^ either in law or equity, in this District or
elsewhere, subject to the laws of the States as
aforesaid, and they and their successors shall
and may have a common seal, and may change
the same at their will and pleasure; and may
also, from time to time, at any meeting of their
directors, by a majority of votes as herein-
after provided, ordain, establish, and put in
execution such by-laws, ordinances, rules, and
regulations, the same not being contrary to this
act or the laws of the United States, as may
appear to them necessary or expedient for the
management of said corporation, its business
and affairs, and may from time to time alter or
repeal the same or any of them.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
said company shall have power to make insur-
ance upon the lives and health of persons, and
against accidents of any and all kinds ; to issue
tickets, or policies, or both, as the board of
directors may determine ; and to cause them-
selves to be insured, when deemed expedient,
against risks upon which they may have made
insurance.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
affairs of said company shall be managed by a
board of directors, consisting of not less than
five members or stockholders, three of whom
shall constitute a quorum ; said directors shall
be elected by ballot from among the members
and stockholders of said company, in general
meeting assembled, at such times and places as
said coqioration in its by-laws shall appoint;
of which election public notice shall be given
ten days preceding such election, which shall
be held under the inspection of members or
stockholders, to be appointed for the purpose,
for the first election, by the persons named in
the first section of this act, and thereafter by
members and stockholders, not being directors,
to be appointed previous to every election by
the board of directors, and such election shall
be made by ballot, and by a plurality of the
votes of the members or stockholders, or their
proxies, present, allowing to each member or
stockholder one vote for every fifty dollars in
capital stock represented in said company.
All vacancies in said board may be filled for
the unexpired terms by the remaining direct-
ors, and the persons chosen to fill such vacan-
cies shall continue in office until others shall
be chosen in their places; and other elections
shall be held on the first day of April of each
year for the choice of new directors. The said
board of directors shall elect, viva voce, a pres-
ident, vice president, secretary, treasurer, and
general agent, who may hold their offices for
and during the term of one year, unless sooner
removed by the board of directors, or until
others are elected in their places.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That the
funds of this company, however derived, may
be invested in or loaned on stock or real secur-
ity. But the stockholders of this company
shall not be liable for any loss, damage, or
responsibility beyond the amount of stock sub-
scribed by them respectively, and any profits
accruing therefrom and undivided.
