1S67-]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
247
Laios of the United States.
39tii Cong....2d Sess.
such receipts for property so applied the said
persons shall be held to be proper officers of
the Government.
Approved, March 2, 18G7.
No. 51.—A Resolution concerning the Right
of AY ay for the Survey and Construction of
an Inter-oceanic Ship-Canal through the
Isthmus of Darien.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
State bq, and is hereby, directed to take such
ste^s as may be necessary to obtain from the
United States of Colombia the authority for
the United States to make the necessary sur-
veys at the Isthmus of Darien for a ship-canal
to connect the waters of the Atlantic and those
of the Pacific ocean, and the terms upon which
such right of way may be obtained by this
Government.
Approved, March 2, 1867. !
No. 52.—A Resolution thanking the Cham-
bers of Senators and Deputies of Brazil for
their Resolutions of Sorrow and Sympathy
on the Death of President Lincoln. I
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre- >
sentatives of the United States of America in \
Congress assembled, That the Congress of the
United States has received with respect and ,
gratitude the resolutions of sorrow and sympa- I
thy which the Chambers of Senators and Dep- jj
uties of Brazil have adopted on the death of j
President Lincoln, and-hereby tenders to those j
Chambers the thanks of the people of the ||
United States. _ 1
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That it
shall be the duty of the President of the Uni-
ted States to forward a copy of this resolution '
to the Emperor of Brazil, with a request that
it be communicated to the two Chambers.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
at Rock Island, Illinois, as contained in the
report of said commissioners, and to make
application for that purpose of the money
heretofore appropriated for securing water-
power at the head of Rock Island.
Approved, March 2, 18G7.
No. 53.—A Resolution relative to the Post
Office and Sub-Treasury of the City of
Boston.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the mayor and post-
master of the city of Boston, the Assistant
Treasurer for the United States at the city of
Boston, the president of the Board of Trade
' of the city of Boston, and Alpheus Hardy,
Daniel Davies, and John A. Andrew, of Bos-
ton, be appointed a commission to select a
proper site for a building for a post office and
for the accommodation of the sub-Treasury in
the city of Boston, and that they report to
the Postmaster General and the Secretary of
the Treasury, at their earlies[t] convenience,
the selection upon which they, or a majority
of them, may agree, and the price at which,
such site can be purchased by the Govern-
ment for the purposes contemplated in this
resolution, if a new site should be selected; and
that if said report shall meet the approbation of
the Postmaster General and the Secretary of
the Treasury they shall communicate the same,
with sufh additional suggestings [suggestions]
as they may think proper, to Congress.
Approved, March 2, 18G7.
No. 54.—Joint Resolution to Enable the Sec-
retary of War to carry out an Agreement in
relation to Water-Power for the Arsenal at
Rock Islaad.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
War be, and he is hereby, authorized and
empowered to carry into effect the recommend-
ations of the commissioners appointed under
the acts of April nineteen, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, and June twenty-seven, eight-
een hundred and sixty-six, relative to the
Moline Water Company and the water-power
No. 55.—A Resolution to provide for the
Exchange of certain Public Documents.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That fifty copies of all
documents hereafter printed by order of either
House of Congress, and fifty copies additional
of all documents printed in excess of the
usual number, together with fifty copies of each
publication issued by any Department or bu-
reau of the Government, be placed at the
disposal of the joint Committee on the Library,
who shall exchange the same, through the
agency of the Smithsonian Institution, for such
works published in foreign countries, and espe-
cially by foreign Governments, as may be deemed
by said committee an equivalent; said works to
be deposited in the Library of Congress.
Approved, March 2, 1SG7.
No. 56.—Joint Resolution for the Reduction
of the Military Reservation of Fort Riley,
and to grant Land for Bridge Purposes to
the State of Kansas.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That the southwestern
boundary of the military reservation of Fort
Riley, in the State of Kansas, be, and the
same is hereby, declared t^ be hereafter the
channel of the Republican river, from its
mouth to the point where said river intersects
the present western line of said reservation,
and the land released from said reservation
and lying between the Smoky Hill and Repub-
lican rivers is hereby granted to the State of
Kansas to aid in the construction of a bridge
over the Republican river, on the public high-
way leading through the present reservation ;
but upon the express condition that this grant
shall be accepted by the State of Kansas with
a guarantee given by said State, by an act of
the Legislature thereof, that said bridge shall
be kept up and maintained in good condition,
and shall be free to the use of the Govern-
ment of the United States for all transit pur-
poses forever, without tolls or charges, and on
such acceptance and guarantee being filed in
the office of the Secretary of the Interior,
together with the certificate of the Governor
of Kansas that a good and permanent bridge
has been constructed over the said Republican
river, it shall be the duty of said Secretary to
issue patent for the land hereby granted to the
State of Kansas, or to such company as may
be authorized, by act of the Legislature of
said State, to construct said bridge: Provided,
however, That nothing herein contained shall
be construed to interfere with any grant, of
any part of said land heretofore made by the
United States.
Approved, March 2, 1SC7.
No. 57.—A Resolution presenting the Thanks
of Congress to Cyrus W. Field.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the thanks of Con-
gress be, and they hereby are, presented to
Cyrus W. Field, of New York, for his fore-
sight, courage, and determination in establish-
in" telegraphic communication by means of
the Atlantic cable, traversing mid-ocean and
connecting the Old World with the New; and
that the President of the United States be
requested to cause a gold medal to be struck,
with suitable emblems, devices, and inscrip-
tion, to be presented to Mr. Field.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, 1 hat
when the medal shall have been struck, the
President shall cause a copy of this joint res-
olution to be engrossed on parchment, and
shall transmit the ,same, together with the
medal, to Mr. Field, to be presented to him in
the name of the people of the United States of
America.
Sec. 3. And be it further resolved, That a
sufficient sum of money to carry this resolution
into effect is hereby appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
No. 58.—Joint Resolution instructing the Sec-
retary of the Interior to order a Survey for a
Bridge or Bridges across the Potomac.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be directed to order a survey, by a
competent engineer, of the ground and river
at and near the Aqueduct bridge, in this Dis-
trict, and report upon the practicability of con-
structing there a bridge across the Potomac
without obstructing the navigation of the river,
and the probable cost thereof, separately esti-
mating for a common bridge, and for a bridge
both for railway and common travel. Also to
examine and report touching the like bridges
at or near the Long bridge; and whether the
same can be there built so as to avoid obstruc-
tions of the navigation thereby, and the proba-
ble cost thereof; said report to be made at
the earliest day practicable.
AppRoviD, March 2, 1867.
No. 59.—Joint Resolution authorizing the
Secretary of State to present to Captain
James G. Smith, of the British Brig "Vic-
toria,'' a Gold Chronometer, in Token of
Appreciation of his Services in rescuing
from Death the Master, Officers, and Crew,
and Passengers on board of the American
Brig "E. H. Filler."
Be it resolved by the Senate and'House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of State
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed
to cau.se to be procured and presented to Cap-
tain James G. Smith, master of the brig "Vic-
toria," of Yarmouth, Nova Scotia, a gold
chronometer, in token of appreciation by the
Government of the United States of his humane
and successful efforts in rescuing from death the
master, officers, crew, and passengers on board
the brig E. II. Fitler, of Philadelphia, wreckcd
at sea on the morning of January twenty-second,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
No. GO.—Joint Resolution in relation to the
Erection of a Jail in the District of Columbia.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That no money shall be
paid out of the Treasury toward the construc-
tion of the new jail for the District of Colum-
bia under the act approved twenty-fifth July,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, unless the
letting of the contract for the building of said
jail shall be suspended and delayed until per- _
fected plans for the entire work shall have
been completed and approved by a board of
three, composed of disinterested and compe-
tent engineers and architects, of which Quar-
termaster General M. C. Meigs and A. B. Mul
let, architect of the Treasury Department, shall
be two^ nor unless the letting of such contract
shall have been open to fair and equal com-
petition, on seasonable notice printed in two
leading newspapers printed and published in
the city of Washington after such approval of
such new and perfected plans, and that the
Secretary of the Interior be also authorized
and directed to select a new site for said jail
under the said act.
Approved, March 2. 1867.
