252
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 28,
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Chap. LXXXIX.—An Act granting a Pension
to John Carter.
Be if enactedbythc Senate and Mouse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of John Carter, late
a private in company H, fifth regiment United
States infantry, on the pension-roll, at the rate
of fifteen dollars per month, to commence from
the passage of this aet and to continue during
his natural life.
Approved, February 25, 1867.
Chap. XC.—An Act for the Relief [of] Charles
Appleton.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to increase the pension of Charles
Appleton, late a soldier in the United States
Army, from eight dollars per month to fifteen
dollars per month, and to pay him such in-
creased pension from the passage of this act.
Approved, February 25, 1867.
Chap. XCI.—An Act for the Relief of Mary
A. Smith, of Johnson county, Tennessee,
Widow of Alexander D. Smith, deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, instructed to place
the name of Mary A. Smith of Johnson county,
Tennessee, on the pension-rolls, at the rate of
thirty dollars per month, to commence from
the fifth day of November, eighteen hundred
and sixty-three, and to continue during her
widowhood, upon satisfactory proof that she
was and is the widow of Alexander D. Smith,
late a lieutenant colonel of the thirteenth regi-
ment Tennessee cavalry volunteers.
Approved, February 25, 1867.
Chap. XCII.—An Act granting a Pension to
Mrs. Ernestine Becker.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of Mrs. Ernestine
Becker, widow of Leopold Becker, late captain
of company D, twenty-fourth regiment Illinois
infantry volunteers, on the pension-roll, at the
rate of twenty dollars per month, to commence
from the fifth day of May, eighteen hundred
and sixty-five, and to continue during her
widowhood.
Approved, February 25, 1867.
Chap. XCIII.—An Act for the Relief of Caro-
line McGee, of Greene county, Tennessee,
Widow of Lemuel McGee, deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized to
place the name of Mrs. Caroline McGee, of the
county of Greene, and State of Tennessee, on
the pension-roll, at the rate of eight dollars per
month, to commence on the twenty-seventh
day of November, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four, and to continue during her widowhood,
upon satisfactory proof that she was and is the
widow of Lemuel McGee, late of Tennessee,
who died while imprisoned at Belle Island, or
Richmond, Virginia, during the late rebellion.
Approved, February 25, 1867.
Chap. XCIV.—An Act granting a Pension to
Mrs. Josephine Slocum.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House qf Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of Mrs. Josephine
Slocum, widow of Martin N. Slocum, late a
second lieutenant in the sixty-fifth regiment
United States colored infantry, on the pension-
roll, at the rate of fifteen dollars per month, to
commence from the thirtieth day of May,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, and to con-
tinue during her widowhood.
Approved, February 25, 1867.
Chap. XCVI.—An Act for the Relief of Edward
St. Clair Clarke.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That in the settlement of
the_ accounts of Edward St. Clair Clarke, as
assistant paymaster United States Navy, there
shall be allowed him the sum of four thousand
and twenty-two dollars on account of the loss
of that amount of public funds in his hands, by
theft, on the night of the ninth of May, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three, the loss being without
neglect or fault on the part of the said Clarke.
Approved, February 25, 1867.
Chap. XCVII.—An Act granting a Pension to
Patrick Meehan.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Howe of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
the Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized
and directed to place the name of Patrick
Meehan, late a corporal in company I, eighty
ninth regiment Indiana volunteers, on the
pension-roll, subject to the provisions of the
pension laws, to commence from the sixth day
of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-six.
Approved, February 25, 1867.
Chap. CIV.— An Act for the Relief of Henry
S. Davis.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of five
thousand seven hundred and twenty dollars
and four cents be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, for the relief
of Henry S. Davis, which shall be in full of
the claim of said Davis against the United
States for work done by him on the west wing
of the Patent Office building, under his con-
tract of November six, eighteen hundred and
fifty-seven.
Approved, February 28, 1867.
Chap. CV.—An Act for the Relief of Captain
John J. Young, of the United States Navy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized
and required to audit and allow to Captain
John J. Young, of the Navy of the United
States, the pay of captain of the "retired
list" of the Navy of the United States, from
the twelfth day of August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, the date of the commission of
said John J. Young as captain aforesaid, to
the tenth day of March, eighteen hundred and
Chap. XCV.—An Act grafting a Pension to
Ezra B. Gordon.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of Ezra B. Gordon,
late a ^private in company "F," fourth regi-
ment ISew Hampshire volunteers, on the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions of the pension
laws.
Approved, February 25, 1867.
sixty-five, deducting therefrom all moneys
which have been paid to the said Captain John
J. Young by the United States between the
dates above given.
Approved, February 28, 1867.
Chap. CVI.—An Act for the Relief of James
Tetlow.
Be it enacted by tlx. Senate and Home of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Navy be, and he is hereby, authorized to pay
James Tetlow, contractor with the Navy De-
partment, for building the fonr steam tug-boats
called "Fortune," "Speedwell," "Standish,"
and "Mayflower," respectively, the sum of
eighty-six thousand and four hundred dollars,
and that the same be paid from any money
heretofore appropriated for constructing ves-
sels or machinery therefor, and not otherwise
already expended.
Approved, February 28, 1867.
Chap. CVII.—An Act for the Relief of Wil-
liam Mann and Jacob SennefF.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner
of Patents be, and is hereby, authorized to
hear and determine upon the application of
W illiam Mann for an extension of his letters-
patent dated January eleventh, eighteen
hundred and fifty-three, which expires July
eleventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-six; and
upon the application of Jacob SennefF for an
extension of his letters-patent for wire hed-
dles, dated January thirteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-two, which expired January
thirteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
and to decide upon said applications with like
effect as though the said applications had been
duly filed ninety days before the expiration of
said letters-patent; and the Commissioner of
Patents is directed forthwith to publish the
said application for the extension of said
letters-patent with like effect as though said
publication had been made sixty days before
the expiration of said letters-patent. But no
person shall be held liable for damage for
using or making said heddles after the expira-
tion of the original term of the patent and
before the renewal.
Approved, February 28, 1867.
Chap. CVIII.—An Act for the Relief of Henry
P. Blanchard.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, to pay to Henry P. Blanchard, for
his services as marshal at the port of Canton,
in China, from February twenty-second, one
thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, to the
first of July, one thousand eight hundred and
sixty, the sum of two thousand three hundred
and fifty-four dollars and twenty-four cents.
Approved, February 28, 1867.
Chap. CIX.—An Act for the Relief of Hiram
Paulding, Rear Admiral United States Navy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury be, and they are
hereby, directed to audit the accounts of Hiram
Paulding while a captain in the United States
Navy, covering his expenditures in the enter-
tainment of foreign officers and people who
visited the frigate "Saint Lawrence," under
his command, at Southampton, not exceed-
ing the sum of nine hundred and sixty-three
dollars _ and ninety-two cents; and also his
expenditures in entertaining the officers of the
Governments of Bremerhaven and Stockholm,
