256
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 5,
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Laics of the United States.
same on the same evidence and in the same
manner as in other cases where extensions of
patents are applied for, and without regard to
the time when said application is made.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CCX.—An Act for the Relief of Frank
Pugsley, late a Private Soldier in Company
I, of the Third Regiment of New Hampshire
Volunteers.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That, in the final settle-
ment of the accounts of Frank Pugsley, as a
private soldier in Company I, of the third reg-
iment of New Hampshire volunteers, the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury are author-
ized and required to regard the date of his dis-
charge from the service of the United States as
of the twenty-fourth day of October, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, and to compute his pay
and allowances as such soldier to that time.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CCXI.—An Act for the Relief of Wil-
liam H. Webb.
Beitenacted bythe Senate andHouseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
, Navy be, and he is hereby, authorized and di-
rected to release to William H. Webb, of New
York, all right, title, interest, and demand of
the United States in and to the iron-clad steam-
ship Dunderburg, built by said Webb under a
contract with the Navy Department, upon pay-
ment by said Webb into the Treasury of the
United States, within one year from the pas-
sage of this act, any and all sums of money paid
or advanced by the Secretary, or by his order,
to said Webb on account of said contract.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CCXII.—An act for the Relief of James
Fulton, Paymaster United States Navy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Government be, and they are
hereby, authorized and directed, in the settle-
ment of the accounts of James Fulton, pay-
master United States Navy, to allow a credit
of seventeen thousand two hundred and thir-
teen dollars and ninety-five cents for clothing
and small stores abstracted from the inspec-
tion building in charge of said Fulton while on
duty at the navy-yard, Washington.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CCXIII.—An Act for the Relief of Cap-
tain Elias Beale, late Captain Company H,
Eighth Regiment Tennessee Volunteer In-
fantry.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Paymaster Gen-
eral of the United States Army be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to settle and
pay, out of any money appropriated, or here-
after to be appropriated, for the payment of the
Army, the account of Elias Beale, late a cap-
tain of company H, eighth regiment Tennessee
volunteer infantry , for his services and all allow-
ances as captain in said regiment in the ser-
vice of the United States, from the twenty-fifth
day of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-three,
to the thirtieth day of June, eighteen hundred
and sixty-five, being to the time he was mus-
tered out of said service, deducting from the
same all moneys that have been paid to him
as a private in said service during said time.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CCXIV.—An Act for the Relief of
Thorn as D. Burrall.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the letters-patent
granted to Thomas D. Burrall, on the sixth
day of December, one thousand eight hundred
and forty-five, for improvements in corn-shell-
ers, and which was extended by the Commis-
sioner of Patents and afterward surrendered
and reissued, which reissue bears date the
tenth day of October, one thousand eight hun-
dred and sixty-five, and which will expire on
the sixth day of December, one thousand eight
hundred and sixty-six, be, and the same is
hereby, extended for the term of seven years,
commencing on the said sixth day of Decem-
ber, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-six,
and ending on the sixth day of December, one
thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, for
the benefit of the said Burrall, his heirs and
legal representatives, upon the conditions
hereinafter set forth. And the Commissioner
of Patents is hereby directed, upon the presen-
tation of said patent and the payment of the
fees and charges provided by law, to extend
said patent by making a certificate thereon, or
upon a certified copy thereof, of such exten-
sion in the name of the said Thomas D. Bur-
rall, if in his judgment upon full hearing that
the same should be granted. And the said
Commissioner is hereby further directed to
cause said extension, if perfected, to be en-
tered on the record of the Patent Office. And
the said patent, so extended, shall have the
same effect as if originally granted for the term
extending to the end of the term to which it is
extended by this act: Provided, hoicever, That
said extended patent shall be open to legal
inquiry and decision in the same manner as if
issued under the general law relating to pat-
ents: And provided further, That all persons
enjoying the lawful use of the improvements
secured by said patent, and the purchaser of
any machine so in use, may continue to use
the same as if this act had not passed. ,
Approved, March 2, 1807.
seven ; and whereas it appears that said inven-
tion is of great value and importance to the
public, and that the said Henry A. Wells, in
his lifetime, and the said Eliza Wells, admin-
istratrix as aforesaid, since his decease, failed
to receive from the use and sale of said inven-
tion a reasonable remuneration for the time,
ingenuity, and expense bestowed upon the
same, and the introduction thereof into use:
Now, therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the said reissued
letters-patent, numbered one thousand and
eighty-seven, and bearing date the fourth day
of December, eighteen hundred and sixty, and
Baid reissued letters-patent, numbered one
thousand three hundred and eighteen, and
bearing date the seventeenth day of June, eight-
een hundred and sixty-two, be, and the same
are hereby, extended to and for the benefit of
the said Eliza Wells, as administratrix of the
estate of the said Henry A. Wells, deceased,
for the further term of seven years from and
after the twenty-fifth day of April, eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
Chap. CCXV.—An Actto extend to, and for the
Benefit of, Eliza Wells, Letters-Patent, here-
tofore issued to Henry A. Wells, deceased.
Whereas Henry A. Wells, late of the city
of New York, did obtain letters-patent of the
United States for valuable "improvements in
the process of and machinery for making hat-
bodies," which letters-patent bore date the
twenty-fifth day of April, eighteen hundred
and forty-six, and were granted for the term
of fourteen years from said date; and whereas
the said Henry A. Wells departed this life on
the twenty-seventh day of March, eighteen
hundred and fifty-one, leaving Eliza Wells, of
the said cityof New York, his widow, to whom
letters of administration on the estate of said
Henry A. Wells were duly granted; and
whereas the said letters-patent were reissued
to Charles St. John and others, assignees, in
two divisions, one bearing date thethirtieth day
of September, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
and numbered three hundred and ninety-six,
and the other bearing date the seventh day of
October, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, and
numbered four hundred; and whereas the said
reissued letters-patent were duly extended by
the Commissioner of Patents on the twenty-
fifth day of April, eighteen hundred and sixty,
for the term of seven years from said last-
mentioned date, for the benefit of the said
Eliza Wells, administratrix as aforesaid; and
whereas on the fourth day of December, eight-
een hundred and sixty, said reissued and ex-
tended letters-patent were surrendered and
again reissued to Henry A. Burr, assignee, in
two divisions, numbered ten hundred and
eighty-six and ten hundred and eighty-seven ;
and whereas said reissued letters-patent, num-
bered ten hundred and eighty-six, were sur-
rendered and again reissued on the seventeenth
day of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
said reissued letters-patent being numbered
thirteen hundred and eighteenand whereas
said extended term will expire the twenty-
fifth day of April, eighteen hundred and sixty-
Chap. CCXVI.—An Act for the Relief of Hugh
Leddy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he hereby is, authorized and
required to pay Hugh Leddy, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
the sum of six hundred and eighty-two dollars
and forty cents, in full for liquors wrongfully
seized, by order of the provost-marshal, on the
second of September, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, and appropriated to the use of Gov-
ernment through the medical department.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
RESOLUTIONS.
No. 2.—A Resolution in Relation to the Set-
tlement of the Accounts of William P. Win-
gate, Collector at the Port of Bangor, Maine.
Whereas certain goods (molasses and salt)
were imported by Fisk and Dale, Josiah Towle,
and Morse and Company, and held in bond at
the custom-house in Bangor, Maine, on the
second day of May, anno Domini eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, and were on that day
released and withdrawn upon payment of the
duties imposed thereon prior to the enactment
of the joint resolution of April twenty-nine,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, the collector
not then having received official notice of such
enactment; and whereas the said collector is
now charged with fifty per centum additional
to the amount already paid upon said goods,
and claims to hold the importers to pay the
same to him: Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he hereby is, authorized and
directed, in the settlement of the aeconnts of
William P. Wingate, collector at the port of
Bangor, Maine, not to exact from him the
payment of the additional duty of fifty per
centum imposed by the joint resolution of
April twenty-ninth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, on the merchandise withdrawn for
consumption by the parties aforesaid on the
second day of May, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four, and to order the cancellation of the sev-
eral bonds given by the importers in the above
cases.
Approved, January 6, 1867.
No. 9.—A Resolution for the Relief of Mrs.
Abby Green.
Whereas it appears from the evidence of
General H. C. Hobart, Colonel A. D. Stteight,
