258
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
39th Coxg 2d Sess.
Laics of the United States.
captain of company G, second Eastern Shore
regiment, Maryland volunteers, the sum of two
hundred and seventy-two dollars, it being the
amount of the pension accruing to said George
\V. "Wilson, between the third day of January,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, the date of his
muster-out from the United States service, and
the twenty-first day of .February, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, the date of his original
application for a pension, and which he failed
to obtain in his life time by reason of his appli-
cation not being filed within one year from the
date of his disability.
Approved, February 28, 1867.
No. 88. —Joint Resolution for the Relief of Wal-
ter C. Whitalcer.
Bett resolved by ilie Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Walter C. Whitaker
is entitled to pay and allowances as colonel of
the sixth Kentucky volunteer infantry from the
ninth day of September, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, to the first day of January, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, inclusive, and the Pay-
master General be, and he is, directed to pay
him accordingly.
Approved, February 28, 18G7.
No. 39.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
Obadiah Aderton.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be directed to place the name of
Obadiah Aderton, of the State of Maine, on
the list of pensions at the rate of eight dollars
per month, payment to commence with the
of the passage of this joint resolution.
Approved, February 28, 18G7.
No. 40.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
the Mother of Charles 0. Rowohl.
Be itresolvedbythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay, or cause to be paid, to the
mother of Charles 0. Rowohl, deceased, late
of company I, eighth regiment Kansas volun-
teers, eight dollars per month, from the date
of the death of her son, Charles 0. Rowohl, to
the time when she commenced receiving a
pension under the general pension laws.
Approved, February 28, 1807.
No. 41.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
the Orphan Children of William Whelan.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay or have paid to the Iegally-ap-
pointed guardian of the orphan children of
William Whelan, late a soldier in company H,
one hundred and sixth Pennsylvania volun-
teers, the same pension allowed by law to the
orphan children of soldiers having died of
disease contracted in the line of duty, and
under the same limitations imposed by said
law. This joint resolution to take effect from
the death of the aforesaid William Whelan.
Approved, February 28, 1867.
No. 43.—Joint Resolution to audit and pay
the Claim of Tuller and Fisher, of Missouri.
Whereas the horses, coaches, stage prop-
erty, and means of transportation of Messrs.
Owen Tuller and Ulysses E. Fisher, mail con-
tractors on mail route number ten thousand
six hundred and forty-eight, between Spring-
field and Rolla, in the State of Missouri, were
impressed in the military service and taken
possession of and used by competent military
authority, by reason of which a large amount
of said property was captured by the enemy
and lost to said contractors: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Seriate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized and required
to have the claim of said Tuller and Fisher
audited, and to pay to them, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
amount that shall be found due them for such
losses, not exceeding the sum of twelve thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
Approved, March 1, 1867.
! No. 03.—Joint Resolution authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to audit and settle the
Accounts of John Sedgewick, Collector of
Internal Revenue for the third Collection
District of California.
Beit resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
'■ Congress-assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to
audit and settle the accounts of John Sedge-
wick, collector of internal revenue for the third
1 collection district of California, for the fiscal
i year ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and
! sixty-four, as to him may appear just and
[ equitable.
! Approved, March 2, 1867.
No. 01.—Joint Resolution to pay Lieutenant
John H. Hamlin for Military Services.
Be it resolved by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Paymaster Gen-
eral of the United States Army be, and he is
hereby, directed to pay to John H. Hamlin,
of Michigan, late a first lieutenant in the
seventh regiment of Michigan cavalry, the full
pay and allowances of a second lieutenant of
cavalry for the time from the first day of Jnly,
: eighteen hundred and sixty-three, to the twenty-
\ eighth day of March, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, when he was mustered in as a first
lieutenant.
t Approved, March 2, 1807.
of December, A. D. eighteen hundred and
sixty-five.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
No. 65.—Joint Resolution referring the Papers
in the Case of F. A. Gibbons and F. X. Kel-
ley to the Court of Claims.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the papers in the case
of Francis A. Gibbons and F. X. Kellgy be re-
ferred back to the Court of Claims, and the court
shall be authorized, if of opinion that the ends
of justice will be subserved thereby, to grant a
rehearing of the case on an amended petition,
without prejudice to the claim by reason of the
former decision of said court.
Approved, March 2, 1867.
No. 02.—A Resolution for the Relief ofDemp-
sey Reece, of Indiana.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Postmaster Gen-
eral be authorized and required to receive pro-
posals for carrying the United States mail on
route No. 12008, between Newcastle and Me-
chanicburg, in the State of Indiana; and when
such, bid shall be accepted, Dempsey Reece,
the present contractor, shall be discharged
from any further performance of his contract.
Sec\ 2. And be it further resolved, That this
joint resolution shall take effect and be in force
from and after its passage.
Approved, March 2, 1807.
, No. 64.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
j Almanson Eaton, Receiver of Public Money
for the Land Office at Stevens's Point, Wis-
i consin.
! Be it resolved by the Senateand House of Rep-
i vesentatices of the United States of America in
\ Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
i Interior and the Secretary of the Treasury and
the proper accounting officers in their Depart-
1 ments, in settling the accounts of Almanson
| Eaton, receiver of public moneys for the dis-
i trict of lands subject to sale at Stevens's Point,
' Wisconsin, shall, upon satisfactory evidence
being made and filed, allow and credit to said
receiverthe sum of two thousand and ninety-two
dollars and seventy-two cents, pablic money,
lost and destroyed by tire in the burning of the
offices, books, papers, and the public money
of the register and receiver at Stevens's Point,
Wisconsin, on the night of the twenty-ninth
No. 66.—Joint Resolution authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to audit and pay the
Claim of John R. Beckley.
Whereas divers horses, the property of John
R. Beckley, mail contractor on mail routes
number ninety-six hundred and thirty-four and
number ninety-six hundred and nineteen, in
the State of Kentucky, were, during the late
war, captured by the rebel forces and guer-
rillas, and lost to said contractor, while endeav-
oring to carry out his contract with the United
States: Therefore,
Resolved by the. Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed to have
the claim of said John R. Beckley audited, and
to pay him the amount -which shall be found
due for the loss of property in carrying the
mail, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated: Provided, That said
amount shall not exceed the sum of five thou-
sand nine hundred and fifty dollars : And pro-
vided further, That it shall appear that said
property was lost without any fault or negli-
gence on the part of said John R. Beckley.
Approved March 2, 1867.
| No. 67.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
James I. Hudnall.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed, in the
settlement of the accounts of James I. Hud-
nall, collector of the sixth congressional dis-
trict of the State of Kentucky, to credit him
with the sum of nineteen hundred dollars, in
full for money lost by him in the town of
Petersburg, Boone county, in the State of Ken-
tucky, on the ninth [night] of the sixteenth of
August, eighteen huudred and sixty-six.
Approved March 2, 1867.
No. 68.—A Resolution for the Relief of
Joseph R. Morris.
Whereas it appears from the records of the
Patent Office of the United States, at the city
of Washington, that Joseph R. Morris, of the
city of Houston, in the State of Texas, on the
thirteenth day of April, Anno Domini eighteen
hundred and sixty-one, filed his petition, affi-
davit, specification, and drawing, and made
application for a patent for "a new and useful
improvement in furnaces," and paid the cus-
tomary fee on such application; that on the fif-
teenth day of April aforesaid he deposited his
model of said improvement according to law in
the Patent Office aforesaid; that on the eighth
day of June thereafter said invention was ex-
amined by the examiner, and a patent duly
ordered to be issued; that on the eleventh day
of June thereafter a circular was issued by
said Patent Office to the effect that said patent
was ordered to be issued in accordance with
said application ttpon the payment of the 'find
fee of tweuty dollars; ana whereas it appears
that baid Joseph R. Morris was prevtmfcdlTom
