1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1891-
or protection of slavery. I do not care where you go, in
any latitude under the heavens where a white man can live
and work, the Yankees will go there too. Wherevei clocks
can be u=ed or sold, tftCre they will he. ff they conic to
learn that it the law of the Republic that the status of the
country is fixed lbrever by thefiist inhabitants, instead of
settling that status here, among men who are responsible to
the country and to history, they will f-ettle the tjuesstion as
they did in Kansas. They will always beat you, if you op-ri
the question in that way.1'
But to return. Sir, I was satisfied from the day
we first met m this Hail, that these two Opposi-
tion parties would manage, directly or indirectly,
to keep the Democratic party from having; any
part in the organization of this House. In this
i have not been mistaken. While there were a
number of gentlemen belonging to the southern
Opposition who manifested a willingness to unite
"With Democrats in organizing the House, yet
there were always those who refused to do so,
and, eventually enough, joined with the Repub-
licans, on the various offices of the House, to
secure an election favorable to the Republican
organization. And while 1 am not aware that the
honorable gentleman from North Carolina at any
time voted for any of the Republican nominees, ye_t,
with a very few exceptions, he was found, during
the whole of that contest, voting for some member
of the {southern Opposition party, in preference to
the candidates presented by the Democratic party.
And up,to the time when he became a candidate,
he had, according to my lecollection, only on two
ballots voted for any candidate presented by the
Democratic party. Those ballots he cast, if my
recollection is right, for the honorable gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Mjllsojj,] and was soon
found again following the lead of his distinguished
colleague, [Mr. Gilmer.]
Great stress is laid on the fact that he never
joined the Know Nothing organization, nor took
any of its oaths, or received any of its passwords,
grips, &c. But if he had belonged to the order,
and now disclaimed and denounced its doctrines,
he would occupy a less objectionable position
than that of indorsing their views, policy, and
objects, as I am satisfied he does, or did, when
he was elected here. The party to which men
in this country belong is generally determined by
the votes they cast; and when I see a man who
continually votes the ticket of a certain party, I
conclude he belongs to that party.
The gentleman from North Carolina, having
been elected by tins South American or southern
Opposition party, and having defended the party
at home, and voted for its candidates almost con-
stantly here, and being presented as its candidate
to this House, nominated by a caucus of the party
—and the only candidate presented who united the
entire strength of that party—presented, too, to
this House through the honorable gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Mallory] who represents the
Louisville district—where this proscriptive party
washed a bloody war upon the unoffending adopted
citizens of that'eity, for no other offense than that
of being natives of a foreign country, I am com-
pelled, in the face of so many facts, to identify the
honorable gentleman as a member of, and in full
communion with, the South American party. ^
In addition to the facts which 1 have stated, T
may say that the gentleman was so irank and
candid with me, at"the time he was a candidate,
as to admit that he, when a nadulate lor the place
he now holds, declared before the people that he
was in favor of extending the period of natural-
ization beyond the present tcun of five years,
although he thought twen:y-one years too long.
He also stated that he was aot m favor of restrict-
ing* the privileges of any person on account of re-
ligious opinions entertained, unless they ackno v. 1-
euged to some head of a church an allegiance
superior to that acknowledged to the Government.
Those who remember the cry of the Know Noth-
ing party about the threatened usurpations ol
papacy, can readily comprehend {he meaning of
the position just stated. It was upon these points
that [ desired to call the attention of the distin-
guished gentleman some weeks ago, when 1 was
prevented by objections being made, as i have
stated. In confirmation of a part of what I have
just stated, 1 will read a letter written by the
"honorable gentleman from New Jetsey,_ [Mr.
Adraix.J in leply to one addressed to him by
the editor of the Piqua (Ohio) Enquirer:
Washington, March 10, i860.
Dr.ak Sin: I received your letter of tlie 3d instant, and
cheerfully give you sucli knowledge as 1 possess inspecting
the political views of Hon. Mr. Smith, of North Carolina,
on the subject to which you refor, who was a candidate tor
the office of Speaker of the House of Representatives, and
for whom Hon. Mr. Allen, of your State, refused to east
his vote.
fn a conversation winch I had with Mr. Smith a.few days
alter the election of Mr. Pennington as Speaker, he re-
marked to me that he was supported by the American'
party m his di-tnct for Congress, and that he had been mis-
represented on the floorof the House by seveial Democratic
members, who stated that he had repudiated the principles
of that party > that in his opinion the period of five yuais
for natuiahzation was altogether too short, and that in his
published speeches throughout his district, when running
a* a candidate for Congress, lie had advocated its exten-
sion to at least ten yeafd.
Dunns the same conversation, he expressed his views
on tiic slavery question, maintaining that Congress should
Intervene and protect slave property in the Territories, if
necessary, and utterly 1 ejecting the great Democratic doc-
trine of popular sovereignty.
Without extending this letter further, I would simply re-
mark, that this is about the substance of the conversation
whjeh 1 had with Mr. Smith.
Yours uuly, G. B. ADRAIN.
D. M. Fleming, Esq.
Mr. Chairman, if this is what gentlemen call
denouncing the proscriptive views of the Know
Nothing party, it is certainly denunciation of a
very mild character. I can consider the gentle-
man's views in no other light than that of indors-
ing the proscriptive policy of the Know Nothing
party—a policy I have ever abhorred. What,
let me ask, is the effect of the views entertained
by that gentleman ? Why, sir, it is not only to
restrict those who may never have been natural-
ized in their rights to be admitted to citizenship,
and in effect excluding many from thus being ad-
mitted, but it is insulting those of our foreign-born
citizens who may have been naturalized. When
you adopt this doctrine, yoiffn effect say to them,
or many of them, 44 you, by the laxity of our nat-
uialization system, are exercising pi ivdeges which
you are incompetent to and ought not to have;
this Government has been in error in allowing
you these privileges, and we propose to correct
the error."
Sir, representing, as I do here, several thousand
adopted citizens, a majority of whom yielded me
their hearty support when a candidate for the
place I now occupy, thereby confiding in my in-
tegrity to the rights and interests of all, I could
not give my support to gentlemen entertaining the
views to which I have referred, without feeling
that I had been recreant to the confidence thus re-
posed. In making these remarks, Mr. Chairman,
it is far from my purpose to impute to those whose
course has been different in this matter from mine
any want of integrity or of devotion to the interests
of their constituents. For I believe most of those
who voted for Mr. Smith were actuated by honest
and patriotic motives, and were moved solely by a
desire to restore peace and harmony in this House
and in the country, and by a desire to proceed to
the discharge of the business uf the House. I will
not, however, dwell longer on this subject; but
having given some of my reasons for my course,
submit them to the judgment of those who may be
induced to differ with me.
\ propose, for a short time, to allude to one of
those general topics which is so often discussed
in this"Hall, and which constitutes the basis of
the difference of opinion which exists between the
partition the slavery question—namely, the power
ot Congress to legislate for the people of the Ter-
ritories of the United States—in the discussion
of which the opinions and dicta of the judges of
the Supieme Court, from the establishment of the
Federal judiciary, as well as the public and pri-
vate declarations* of the ''fathers"and the framers
of the Constitution, are invoked for the purpose
of sustaining the doctrine that Congress has power
to legislate for the Territories; or, in the language
of the Republican platform of 1856, " that Con-
gress has sovereign power over the Territories of
the United States for their government." The
question of the powers of the Federal Government
is one that has engaged the thought and attention
of the most profound constitutional lawyers and
judges; and there are various decisions of our
'Federal courts as to the extent of these powers. But
m none of those decisions to which my attention
has been called has the court, as I believe, decided
upon a case directly in point—that Congress pos-
sesses the power of legislation for the Territories
upon matters which are local in their character—
and such is admitted by the party which claim
this power for Congress, to be the nature of the
institution of slavery, it is admitted to be a local
institution, depending on local'law for its exist-"
ence. " *" - 4 - - . - ■■ ^
It is claimed that this powej* to legislate for the!
Territories exists by virtue of that\claus<? in the!
Constitution which declares that « - "** 
"The Congress shall have power to dispose 0/ and naafefe5
all needful rules and regulations respecting the ten'ifrorVor ■
other property belonging to the United Suites."
There is nothing plainer to. my mind than that
the language quoted above, taken either by itself
or in connection \vitlv other provisions ■ in .th#
Constitution, conveys no such meaning'as that
claimed.
If it had been the intention of the framers of the
Constitution to invest Congress with the law-
making power in regard to' any territory of the
United States, they certainly would have used lan-
guage very different from that just quoted. 0
word is used in the section referred to which con*
veys any such idea. The terms " dispose of,"
and " needful rules and regulations," as used in
connection with the term " territory orotherpro'pr
ertyhave reference exclusively to the disposition
of the public domain, and the rules and regulations
which shall be established for such disposition of
the same as property; and no reference whatever
to the institutions which the people shall have who
occupy such territory, or the laws by which they
shall be governed. Had the framers of the Con-?
stitution intended to confer upon Congress, the
power of legislating for the territory or, territories
of the United States, they would have used -lan-
guage similar to that used in the eighth section* of
the first article of the Constitution, which provides
that Congress shall have power
" To exercise exclusive lobulation m all cases whatsoever
over such district (not exceeding ten miles square) as may
by ee.ssion of particular States and acceptance by Congress
become the beat of Government of the United States, and
to exercise like authority over all places purchased by the
consent of the Legislature of tho State in which the same
shall be, for the ercetion of forts, magazines, arsenals, and
other needful building? ; and to make all, Jaws which shall
be necessary and proper for cauying into execution the
foregoing poweis, and all other powers vested by the Con-
stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any
department or officer thereof.''
Thus we see, when the framers of the Consti-
tution undertook to confer upon Congress the
power of legislating over any portion of the peo-
ple of the United States, they used plain and posi-
tive language to convey their meaning. They
used in this instance the term " exclusive legis-
lation," which at once conveys the idea of that
power which is claimed for the General Govern-
ment over the Territories. And it is rather am us*
ing, to say the least of it, that our friends on the
other side of the House, when they were prepar-
ing a bill which they thought would either com-
pel those advocating; the doctrine of non-intervenj-
tion to abandon their doctrine, or be liable to'the
charge of subscribing to the doctrines of Brigham
Young, that they, by express terms, excepted the
District of Columbia from the operation of its
provisions, when, by the provision of the Con-
stitution which I have referred to, Congress has
the power of exclusive legislation over said Dis-
trict.
I will not say that any necessity exists for such
legislation, so far as the District of Columbia is
concerned, or that those who framed the bill and
sustained theexception were moved by any selfish
consideration; but when we consider the object of
this bill, which contains a portion of the JPtepub-
lican platform of 185G, in regard to this sovereign
power of Congress, and see the District of Colum-
bia, over which this sovereign power exists, ex-
cepted from the provisions of tho bill, it appears
upon its faec very inconsistent.
! The honorable gentleman from Massachusetts,
I [Mr. Tiiayer.] in addressing the House some
1 weeks since in opposition to this polygamy bill,
! and to whose remarks I listened with as much
I interest as any X have heard during the session,
! used the following language, which, coining as k
i does from a member of the Republican side of this
j House, who has taken a step on this subject far
: in advance of the rest of his party, commends itself
with peculiar force to the consideration of every
candid mind. Mr. Tuvtej* said;
" Ft may be that, under titc construction of the Constitu-
tion which lias obtained, (\ ngres^ would really be decided
to have the sama lijHit to govern the people that George III.
had to govern these colonies, i deny that it has now or
ever had uuv moral right to govern American citizens in
, the Territories. To Ue explicit: if Congress has that right,
1 where did it get it? Congress is the servant and not the
