1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
947
I appeal to the Senate, and ask where is the
propriety of putting a set of workmen engaged in
the manufacture of arms under military superin-
tendence ? If a military guard is necessary to pro-
tect your property, put it there; but do not sub-
ject the men to military rule in doing their work.
The argument that would put the manufacture of
arms under military superintendence, and the ne-
cessity which is said to exist for doing it, to pro-
tect the public property from violence, is vastly
greater in the case of the Mint. Why do you not
put the Mint under the Army? There is more
property there than there is in any of your armo-
ries, and it requires as exact work in mechanics;
but it strikes me that it is entirely unnecessary.
Again, I sympathize with the objection made
by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Pugh,] the other
day. I do not see what the Army has to do with
all these pursuits in life. As was said, we cannot
make an aqueduct but we must get the Army to
do it; we cannot build a Capitol but we mustget
the Army to do it; we cannot have aSenate Cham-
ber, and shut out the air of heaven, and pump it
up from the cellar beneath, but we get somebody
in the Army to do it. I know something about
the practical experience of this Army work. You
undertook to build a bridge over the Potomac
river, within a very few years, and sent an officer
of the Army to do it. 1 do not remember whether
he got the Bridge up or not. Probably the pres-
ent chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs will remember; fori think he was Secretary
of War at the time, and he can tell whether that
bridge fell before the last stroke of work was put
to it-
Mr. DAVIS. What bridge was it?
Mr. HALE. The bridge over the Potomac
river, up at the Little Falls—Thorn's bridge.
Mr. DAVIS. I will state to the Senator there
was an officer of topographical engineers put in
charge of the bridge, and he committed the great
error of employing some of these practical men,
of whom the Senator speaks, and who had a pe-
culiar construction of iron bridge, and that bridge ;
fell down. Then Lieutenant Thom took care to
build the next one himself. That is standing.
Mr. HALE. I am glad he did. He had to
build one that would tumble down, in order to
learn how to build one that would stand.
Mr. DAVIS. No; he let one of your practical
men build it.
Mr. HALE. I think this is a thing that we
should keep out of the. Army. If we must have
some officer of the Army to superintend the man-
ufacture of our muskets, who knows then but
that you will next make a great national workshop
to manufacture uniforms, and, my word for it, you
will then have an officer of the Army to superin-
tend it. So, with all the articles you want for the
Army, there must be an Army officer to super-
intend their manufacture.
1 know there is a repugnance in the minds of
these mechanics against being put under military
rule and military discipline m their work, and
there is no sort of necessity for it. The Army is
all-powerful and always has been. I know it. I
think the Army has influence enough. It has
given us our Presidents again and again. It is
omnipotent. I will let it have all the influence that
rationally belongs to it, but I beseech you leave
the workshops, leave the mechanics to their ap-
propriate business without compelling them to
wotk under military supervision. 1 have no prej-
udice against the Army, none at all, if they will
keep within their proper place, but I .say, m my
humble judgment this is not their place: it is not
necessary; and the experience of the Government
from 1794 to 1841, according to the report of this
committee, shows that they were gKtmg alone:
and progressing and making bettor arms than
were ever made before in any part of the world,
when it was taken out of their hands and given to
the supenntendence of a military officer in 1^42.
The military officer kept it about a dozen years1,
until his rule became so obnoxious, and this sys-
tem to which you subjected these workmen was
so oppressive to them, that they came forward
here m vast numbers from Virginia and from Mas-
sachusitts, and laid lilt ir complaints before Con-
gress; Congress did not proceed in a hurry, but
they ordered a deliberate investigation into the
facts: they were all brought before them; and
when the facts were brought before them, by a
very decisive vote, as the Journals will show. Con-
gress reversed the action that was taken in the
firstinstance by theorderofthe Secretary of War
without any law, and went back to the practice
that was established at the beginning of the Gov-
ernmcnt. I think they did so wisely, and I think
the Congress will do wisely, by standing here
and not departing from what has operated so well,
for the purpose of giving these works to the su-
perintendence of Army officers.
Now, letmesay to the Senator from Mississippi
that 1 have said all I have to say; and I have not
said it because I wanted to hear myself speak, but
'! I have said it because I think that the mechanics
who do this business would feel that it was an
impeachment of their capacity, and it was a sub-
jection to discipline odious to them, if they are
put under it.
( Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the Senator from
j New Hampshire has presented, as an argument,
' portions of a report made in 1854, the facts of
which I shall proceed at once to comment upon.
Before I do so, however, I wish to notice some of
the closing remarks of the Senator. He spea
of the Army as being all-powerful. He speaks of
them as taking possession of things which do not
belong to them. If the Army had power, if they
had votes and representatives on this floor and in
the other Chamber, I hardly suppose their rights
would be invaded in the manner in which the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire proposes. If it be not
the legitimate function of a military man to make
the arms he is to use, I would ask of what can he
properly take the charge?
But the Senator presents it, I think very un-
fairly, as a proposition to remove the workmen
and substitute them by military officers. There
is no such proposition in the mind of any one.
Has there been a workman who was superintend-
ent in all the years the Senator has enumerated?
No, sir; they are politicians; and it is bccausc
they are politicians that they have advocates. In
1841, Mr. Bell, the then Secretary of War, for
reasons to his mind satisfactory, appointed a mih-
' tary officer superintendent. The Senator, relying
j on that report which he has read from, supposes
> no military man had had charge of the armory
| before. It is true, that no soldier before that had
j been appointed as superintendent, but all the im-
: provement m the arms up to 1639. to which he
| lefcrs, was made by Lieutenant Colonel Talcott,
j residing at the armory and controlling all its oper-
ations. Without the appointment, he had charge
of the armory, and it was under his superintend-
ence the improvements were made.
Then, sir, in 1842 was adopted the new model
musket;and nowif the Senator supposes the arms,
anterior to that, were superior, let hin> go into
the market and buy them, when, as condemned
muskets, they were thrown aside and taken by
George Law for trade in South America. It was
| subsequent to 1842 that the muskets were made
; which have fought the battles of the country, and
! which have since been remodeled and modified so
■ as to make them percussion muskets, and are use-
! ful to-day. Anterior to that time, they were such
; defective weapons that we thought it improper
i to put them in the hands of the soldiers. They
| went on improving from that time; and under the
I military superintendence they attained that per-
; fection which the report that the Senator read
, from claims at an earlier date, and which did not
j then exist.
| Then, sir, for political considerations, as I be-
1 lieved then and believe now. a movement was
1 made to displace these militaiy superintendents.
: The clamor was not from the workmen, as has
• been asserted time and again without foundation.
! I chance to know something of the principal work-
' men who were then at Springfield, and I believe
there was not one of them that desired the change
; to be made, so far as I have been informed, and
I have had very recent information on that point.
With the change of superintendents they desire I
: to see an officer *of the ordnance corps sent back ;
; to take charge: not that they desire a military su- !
' perintendent", but that they desire some man who
> lias been trained so as to give linn administrative j
■ capacity, that (hey may be released from the con- ;
! fusions'which exist on an incompetent man taking \
! charge of a great establishment. j
, No just conclusion is to be drawn from the op- I
i oration of those establishments which nre con- !
ducted by the capital owning them There, mind 1
: and interest concentrate to do the work. H* r^.you
rely on the President and the Secretary of War
to select some favorite politician, and put'him in
charge of the work, without the capacity that
would ever acquire .the capital that would estab-
lish & factory of his own; without the capacity
that would enable him to administer itj. if by chance
he inherited it.
But I suppose I am to be pointed to the success
which has attended the civil administration of the
i armory at Springfield. But a word is necessary
to state the reason for that. Mr. "Whitney was
a man of common sense and practical judgment.
When he was put in charge of the work, he knew
that those men who had made it the study of their
lives understood better what they were about than
he could. He therefore changed nothing; he trod
sedulously in the footsteps of his predecessor; and
from that has resulted the administration of that
! armory which I admit has been successful. But
| he has left it. You may get another such man.
[The chances are greatly against it; and in proof
r of my position, turn to the other armory. We
: have but two. They have tried man after man at
I the other armory, and confusion has existed at
; it; and the arms have deteriorated until, I have
; been informed by an ordnance officer, whose posi-
j tion gave him the opportunity to know, that
1 boasted excellence which once existed .in our
| arms that all the parts would interchange, of any
{ given model, has ceased now to exist in relation
tothoarms manufactured there. You have deterio-
rated, from the time you changed from a military
j to a civil superintendence, in the character of your
j arm. Are we never to recover this? Itwasfound
; in a state of perfect administration; it was found
; in a state where the arms had been brought up to
i a condition that gave them that excellence over all
the small arms of the world, and they have gone
! down from the day the system of superintendence
! was changed. That is sufficient evidence to me
; that we are to get worse and not better.
I know it is very common to speak of military
men as tyrants; but that man who is not by a mil-
itary education taught to control himself, taught
to be kind to those who are under him, has some
radical defect in his nature. A man of elevated
soul, from the very fact that he commands those
who cannot resist liis orders, acquires, with every
increasing year, additional kindness to them.
But the Senator, the other day, repeated it as
though graduates from the Military Academy were
to be sent at once to take charge of the armories.
We have but two. Those arc the stations of field
officers,men whose heads are whitened in the ser-
vice. I noticed the fling which the Senator made
at the color of the military glove. We heard that
before the Mexican war; but whose hands were
deeper dyed in blood than those who came from
the Military Academy? Whose hands were more
besmeared with the smoke of battle than those
who had been trained to the profession of amis?
I had hoped their services in the field might have
silenced the demagogical slang about white gloves
forever. But the Senator argued, the other day,
that there was nothing in their education, so far
as he had examined the programme of studies, and
so far as he could understand it, which fitted them
to take charge of the manufacture of arms. Queer
conclusion—the study of mechanics not fit a man
to take charge of an armory; the study of mathe-
matics, the basis on which all improvement rests,
that goes beyond the mere senses; the study of
natural philosophy, chemistry, and metallurgy—
these not fit a man to take charge of an armory!
What sort of an education, I would ask the Sen-
ator, then, would fit him for it? Does he intend
to say that he must have learned the use of the file,
the chisel, and the hammer? If he was to be put
to work upon the parts of the musket, that would
be true; but administrative capacity is what yoa
require in a superintendent: and if he were the
most skillful workman in. Christendom, when you
put him in charge of a great work like that, he
could no longer use his own hands. It is head,
eyes, which h   would require—the administrative
capacity of the man: and that is independent of
whether lie has bten a trained mechanic or not.
But, so far, sir, from military or civil superin-
tendence determining the character of the work-
man in the armory which, is nearest the residence
of the Senator, he might find the master-work-
man, not by title and by place, but bv employ-
ment—the old man Buckland, who has "been there
through nil systems. It is to his great genius
