2836
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
I therefore ask that, at least, it be postponed
till "Wednesday morning, after the morning hour,
unless my friend from Tennessee wishes to pro-
ceed now. He may be prepared to proceed in
advocacy of the resolutions at this time; but as
to myself, I should like to have up to the time
designated to prepare my documents and arrange
the points which t shall submit to the House. I
would be glad, however, if it suits the views of
the gentleman, to let the subject go over till next
session. I have not undertaken to state a fact
which I might have stated, and which came
within my knowledge this morning. That is,
that the Secretary of the Navy did wish to make
a communication to the committee; but as the
committee has reported to-day, he desires to
make a communication to the House of Repre-
sentatives, in regard to this matter. I leave it in
tlie hands of my friend from Tennessee.
Mr. H ATTON. Mr. Speaker, I was directed,
on the 21st of May, to make this report. From
that time till this morning, I have been endeavor-
ing on every proper occasion to make it, but have
not succeeded until now. I certainly have no de-
sire, nor do I suppose that any member of the com-
mittee has any desire, to force discussion or action
on the part of the House on this matter improp-
erly. I would suggest to the honorable gentleman
from Virginia that the proof on which these res-
olutions are based was reported at the' last Con-
gress, and has heen published; and I presume
there is scarcely a member on this floor who has
not read it, or the more material portions of it. I
do not know that I shall participate in the discus-
sion which may be had on the resolutions. I am
willing to vote upon them without discussion; if
desired, I am willing to discuss them.
Mr. BOCOCK. Have you written the report?
Mr. HATTON. Yes, sir. It accompanies the
resolutions.
Mr. BOCOCK. It ought, at least, to be printed.
Mr. HATTON. It will be. I would suggest
that, so far as my action is concerned upon these
resolutions, not only in my vote, but in any argu-
ment I may submit to this House, I am perfectly
willing to meet the honorable member from Vir-
ginia upon the facts statcl in his own report, made
totlwlast Congress, [fconfined exclusively to that,
and to that alone, I shall be triumphantly sus-
tained in my report.
So far as I am concerned, I care not to refer to
the volume of evidence, nor to the proof collated
in the report which I have made. I feel confident
—without attempting at present to make an argu-
ment to the House—that I will be triumphantly
sustained in this report by the facts contained in
the report of the honorable member from Virginia
himself.
A word in reference to the suggestion that the
Secretary of the Navy has intimated to the com-
mittee that he desires to make a communication
to us in connection with this report. When these
resolutions were first referred to the committee,
at the suggestion of the committee I addressed a
note to the Secretary of the Navy, stating that
these resolutions had been referred to our com-
mittee for their action, and if he desired to com-
municate with us on the subject, or to adduce any
additional evidence, we would gladly hear his
proof or receive his suggestions. More than two
months passed', and we received 110 such commu-
nication. We received no such intimation from
the honorable Secretary, although in the mean
time he did address us a letter upon another sub-
ject. Subsequently I saw him in person, and
repeated in substance what I had written to him;
that we were willing to receive any communica-
tion from him, or any proof he might desire to
adduce, that might affect the action of the com-
mittee or the House. After that 1 did receive a
note from him, which I showed to all the mem-
bers of the committee, stating that it was his pur-
pose to make a communication to us within a few
days. Nearly two weeks have passed, and no
such communication has been received; and as
this was likely to be the only opportunity I should
have during the present session of Congress to
make the report, I believed that it was my duty
to make it without waiting longer for the honor-
able Secretary.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I repeat that I do not desire
to do anybody injustice. I wish to take no ad-
vantage of the gentleman from Virginia. I do not
desire to take him by surprise in the argumont.
I do not wish any member of the House to acton
the resolutions without having an opportunity to
inform himself in reference to this subject. But
the report made by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Bocock,] at the last Congress, and the report
made by the minority of the committee, at the
last Congress, (and my report is but a repetition
of that,) have both been printed, and can be
obtained by application at the document-room.
Members can read these reports to-night, and be
prepared to vote on the resolutions to-morrow. I
am willing, in order to accommodate the gentle-
man from Virginia, that the matter shall be post-
poned till then. I will yield now, for a moment,
to the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe that this matter
may be very easily arranged so as to suit the gen-
tleman from Virginia, and the chairman of the
committee, by going into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union now. In the mean time
every gentleman can read the two reports; and I
quite.agree with the gentleman from Tennessee,
that all the facts that are necessary to enable gen-
tlemen to vote upon these resolutions are con-
tained either in the minority or in the majority
report. I believe that the majority and the minor-
ity reports do not disagree as to the main facts,
and they are both contained in a document of not
over one hundred pages. I think, therefore,that
any gentleman who desires to inform himself fully
as to the correctness of the resolutions, can do so
by reading those two reports; and, to enable them
to do so, and that the matter may come up to-
morrow during the morning hour, I will move, if
the gentleman from Tennessee will allow me, that
the rules be suspended, and that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 wish to say, by the courtesy
of the gentleman from Tennessee, that I do not
see what gentlemen would lose by agreeing to let
this subject go over till Wednesday. The gen-
tleman from Tennessee has introduced a report.
I suppose he meant that report to be read. It
will not be printed before to-morrow morning.
Well, as 1 understand it, we are to have a recess
this evening, and are to meet again at seven
o'clock, and no one knows how long we shall be
in session to-night. Is it to be expected that gen-
tlemen can read two long reports covering some-
thing like a hundred pages, and verify the testi-
mony oil which they rely, and be ready to vote
to-morrow ?
Mr. HATTON. I will simply repeat that I
do not desire the action of the House on these
resolutions until gentlemen have had an oppor-
tunity to inform themselves about this matter;
and, so far as I am concerned, I readily agree
that action shall be postponed until Wednesday.
Mr. SHERMAN. To come up during the
morning hour.
The SPEAKER. Iftherebcno objection, that
course will be adopted.
Mr.MILLSON. Mr. Speaker, this report from
the Committee on the Expenditures of the Navy
Department presents a very grave and important
question, and I desire the gentleman from Ten-
nessee to allow me a minute only, to say that I
cannot acquiesce in the course suggested by him,
or by any of the gentlemen who have spoken.
As I understand it, at the last Congress a select
committee was appointed«tharged with the duty
of making investigation into certain complaints
of the administration of the Navy Department.
That committee was authorized to summon wit-
nesses, and to send for papers; and upon the ex-
ecution of the duty entrusted to them, they made
their report to the House, contained in certain
resolutions called the majority resolutions; while
the minority, of the committee submitted then-
views, which, I am informed, are identical with
the resolutions now presented by the majority
of this committee.
Now, sir, the House must bo aware that there
has been no authority to summon witnesses
granted to the Committee on Naval Expenditures.
They have made a report founded upon evidence
taken before a committee of the last Congress.
The witnesses have not been before them; but
they have treated the depositions of witnesses
taken before that committee as evidence proper
for the cons>ideratiun of a committee of this Con-
gress.
Now, Mr. Speaker, at the last Congress, when
it was proposed to revive an inquiry into the con-
duct of a member of the House from New York,
which, in a former session of Congress, had been
a subject of investigation by a select committee of
the House, upon which the House had passed a
resolution of censure or expulsion—I do not re-
member which—I remember to have expressed
the opinion that it was not competent for the
House in that Congress to act upon the investi-
gation of a former Congress, or upon a report of
a select committee founded upon evidence taken
during a former Congress. I believe the House
acted upon that principle, and so decided.
Eat now, the Committee on the Expenditures
of the Navy Department propose to make a report
to this House of a resolution founded upon evi-
dence taken before a select committee of a preced-
ing Congress, and ask that it may be adopted by
the present Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the gentleman from
Virginia allow me to suggest that this matter go
over until Wednesday, without detaining the
House longer at this time?
Mr. BOCOCK. I do not want my colleague to
understand me that I yield any point, such as he
suggests, by consenting to have the matter go over
until Wednesday. I only proposed that the whole
matter should go over until another day.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 will accede to the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio. I only wanted
to exclude the conclusion that I acquiesced in this
report as a proper, legal, and competent report to
be made to this body. I am perfectly willing, with
this statement, that the question shall go over until
Wednesday, *o be resumed at the same point at
which we now leave it.
Mr. HATTON. I call the previous question
upon themotiofl to postpone. I desire first, how-
ever, to ask that the report be printed.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. BRANCH. Do I understand that this
order to print is to include the testimony taken by
the select committe©-of the last Congress?
Mr. HATTON. Oh, no; certainly not.
Mr. TAPPAN. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
The motion to postpone until Wednesday was
agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House, resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
NATIONAL OBSERVATORY.
Ml*. WINSLOW. _ I desire the consent of the
House to allow me to introduce a little bill in
three lines, to which I am sure there will be no
objection. It is to rectify a clerical error in a bill
which was passed last week.
The bill was read by its title, as follows:
A bill to increase the salary of the present Su-
perintendent of the National Observatory.
The bill fixes the salary of the present Super-
intendent of the National Observatory at $3,500
per annum.
Mr. WINSLOW. I will say that this was the
intention of both the House and Senate commit-
tees in preparing the bill which hns passed; but
by the clerical omission of two or three words, it
is doubtful whether it does not have the effect of
diminishing his salary.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I will say that
what the gentleman from North Caiolmu states
is entirely correct. This bill is necessary to do a
simple act of justice, and I am sure no gentleman
will object.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I object to the con-
sideration of that bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now insist upon a vote
upon my motion to go into committee!
Mr. WINSEOW. I appeal to the gentleman
from Maryland to withdraw his objection. I move
to suspend the rules.
Mr. SHERMAN. A single objection will de-
feat the gentleman's bill. 1 ask for a vote upon
my motion.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I think it is un-
j fair to take advantage of a mere clerical error to do
j injustice to a meritorious officer.
Mr. WINSLOW. I appeal to the gentleman
i from Ohio to yield the floor.
| Mr. BUR.NETT. Has the morning hour ex-
! pired ?
