1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I
be exercised; that the arms will be better pre-
served when they arc purchased by State appro-
priations, or by money raised by volunteer com-
panies for the purpose; that we shall thus gain a
care in the keeping of the arnls, which will never
be shown if the arms are issued by the United
States in such quantities as may be required.
I would be as much opposed as the Senator
himself to engaging iti general manufacture to com-
pete with private establishments; but the manu-
facture of military arms is a peculiar one. No
private establishment can afford to manufacture
military arms, unless they have an order from
the Government to justify them in erecting and
keeping up the machinery. A large order from a
State might warrant a manufacturer in establish-
ing an armory, and making arms for sale to the
State; but, as it is, we have the buildings, the
power, the machinery in our public armories for
the manufacture of more than double the number
of arms which the present appropriation for that
purpose will enable them to make. "We no w manu-
facture about eighteen thousand stand of arms
per annum. The full plan of our armories would
be about forty thousand. The difference between
the two is that which the armories can make for
the States and volunteer companies if they will
pay for them. To increase the manufacture at
the armories by direct appropriation, would be«o
saddle the Government with increased expense. I
am opposed to that: I do not know what view the
Senator may take of that branch of the subject;
but this is a mode by which we shall employ the
whole machinery we have, the power and the
buildings we have, without increasing the appro-
priations by the Government.
In the event of an exigency, as the prospect of
war or the existence of war, we should enlarge
our appropriations, and then the Secretary of
War, under the language of this bill, could sell
none. Then he would be bound under this lan-
guage not to sell any, because there would be none
to spare. Then your armories would be working j
to the full extent of their power under appropri-
ations made by the Government. Such is not our
ordinary and habitual custom. Such I do not
believe to be desirable. We do not know how
often we may change our models; and therefore
it is not desirable to accumulate too rapidly the
arms on any given model in our establishments.
We hare done welltoincrease their power to their
•present, or even it would be well to increase them
to a greater capacity, to meet the exigency of war
or the prospect of war. In the ordinary time of
peace it is not necessary. I do not know that I
have answered the Senator fully. If I have failed
in anything which is suggested to me, I will en-
deavor to answer.
Mr. SIMMONS. I did not call for an argu-
ment in reply to me. I only asked for the fact,
whether we do not now distribute §-200,000 worth
of arms gratuitously every year ?
Mr. DAVIS. I answer "affirmatively to that;
but the Senator must permit me, when he asks a
question, to do something more than give a cate-
gorical answer.
Mr. SIMMONS. I think the Senator has made
a rery able argument it, a very bad cause. I un-
derstand him to say that we have a monopoly in
the manufacture of arms.
Mr. DAVIS. Not of all arms.
Mr. SIMMONS. Well, of the muskets used
by the United States troops. I do not propose to
disturb that monopoly. I am willing that the Gov-
ernment should manufacture for us own troops,
or for the troops of the States, just as much as
they want tu pay for: but I should like :o know
if we have cot a monopoly ns against private in-
dividuals in the manufacture of arms for sale:
The Senator says there is one establishment that
call manufacture precisely as well as we can.
Mr. DAVIS. I said there was one establish-
ment that had she machinery suited to the rifle
used m the United States service, and they have
made very good rifles, and under inspectors of the
United States they can make them strain. That
is so.
Mr. SIMMONS. I suppose they could make
them if they did not have an inspector.
M r. DA VIS. 1 am not so sure that they would.
Mr. SIMMONS. Thin the inspector makes
the rifle, and does not merely inspect it after it is
made i
Mr. DAVIS. I am not sure that thev would
make as good rifles; but the difference is this: that,
in the'private establishment, the objcct is to make
as much money as possible off the arm; in the
public establishment the objcct is to make the arm
as perfect as possible.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have no sortof doubt that
the theory of manufacturing by the Government
is a great deal better than the theory of manufac-
turing by the private enterprise; but the result is
that Government manufacture costs double. If
there is even one establishment in this country
that has machinery perfectly adjusted to manufac-
turing an arm equal to that made at the national
armories, and there is a demand for it, there will
soon be another one as good. There is no dangerof
their wanting competition, if there is a market for
anything of that kind. I say if there is but one
such establishment, we have no right to under-
take to interfere with its business by any monop-
oly of ours.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator say that it is
now at Work on this character of arms ?
Mr. SIMMONS. No; for I do not know any-
thing about it; but I say, if there is any one able
to make it, and willing to make it, we should let
it alone.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will say, with the Sen-
ator's permission, that there is a private estab-
lishment for the manufacture of arms in my coun-
ty, which has worked for the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, as Secretary of War, extensively; and
has worked, since then, to the amount of several
hundred thousand dollars, for the British Gov-
ernment; and is ready to make arms of any pat-
tern, and to compete with any establishment in
the world.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have no doubt of it-; but if
there was none, I would undertake to set up one
within a year.
Mr. FOSTER. If the Senator will pardon me,
I will say the same ill regard to Connecticut; that
there are various manufacturing establishments
there of a like character with those spoken of by
the Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. HALE. We have one in New Hamp-
shire that makes better than either.
Mr. DAVIS There is one m Connecticut
which has the machinery, and has made military
arms. I think all the others have been changed
to special arms. Now, once for all, I would say
that, if the object be to make the States pay as
much as possible, then I can understand the ar-
gument of the Senator; but if the object be to let
the States or the militia have the arms as cheaply
as possible, then, as the Government has paid for
its establishment, and has the power and ma-
chinery, it is right to let the people hare the ad-
vantage of them.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have no objection to then-
getting them as cheaply as possible. That is not
my objection.
"Mr .'DAVIS. But they must cost more at pri-
vate establishments.
Mr. SIMMONS. That is a matter that is very
much in dispute. I do not believe Government
ever made a wheelbarrow that did not cost twice
as much as it could have been bought for at a pri-
vate establishment. That is my experience;and
I do not believe Government ever made a musket
that they could not liave bought for half what it
cost them, if they had bids for it, and inspected
it as closely as they now do.
Mr. DAVIS. I will merely state to the Sena-
tor that the record is against him, and that com-
mon sense is against him; because a man who
has an establishment must, have interest on his
capital, whereas the Government has not.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have heard a great deal
about the investments of the Government in build-
' ing ships and making great improvements; but I
say they cannot do anything as well as an indi-
vidual can do it. Private enterprise has made
tin se Government armories what they are. Only
cneour.Hire it,instead of putting it under epaulets,
and it will improve them still further. That is
my opinion. 1 do not profess to have any com-
mon s^nse; I have not got up to that,
i Mi. DAVIS. I hope the Senator did not un-
derstand me as arraigning his common sense.
Mr. SIMMONS. I supposed he did. 1 do not
! know anybody else to whom his remark could
' apply, for I do not know anybody that happens
! to use quite as much of it as 1 do in the debates.
. [Laughter.)
Mr. DAVIS. I happened to make an argu-
ment; and if the Senator's common sense does not
exceed that of all other persons, -I think his ar-
gument ought to change with what I have clearly;
shown common sense requires.
Mr. SIMMONS. I happen to think quite dif-
ferently from the Senator! ■ I think it is not com-
mon sense to suppose that this mode.of conducts
ing the public business, under public officers, is
equal to private enterprise.
Mr. DAVIS. That is not my position; but
that common sense requires everybody to under-
stand that a private capitalist, who invests his
money in anything, must hare interest on it. If
that is not common sense, what is?
Mr. SIMMONS. I will tell you. Common
sense is, that when private capitalists have in-
vested their capital, the Government should not
interfere to take away their business from them.
That is what I am objecting to. There are a
number of these gentlemen that can make arms
as well as this Government, and make them
cheaper; and we propose to set tip our capital,
throwing away its interest, in order to break down
their capital, and make them do it without inter-
est; wc are to come in competition with them in
the market.
Now, the Senator says that there is recently a
great advance in the military career of the coun-
try; that the country wants more arms than axe
ordinarily distributed; and he makes a serious
demand on our establishments for the sale of arms.
If we do not supply them, it will make a demand
on the manufacturers who have establishments to
make them. Now, I should like to know if it is
the object of this Government, the intention of
this Government, to underbid private capital and
private enterprise, and undertake to supply the
market with a manufactured article against private
enterprise, because we have investments and can
do without interest on them r That is what I ob-
ject to. I say, when this Government undertakes
to strike down the enterprise of the country, to
work without interest, when individuals have to
pay at least six per cent., it is time they should
begin to think who is their competitor. X will
not enlarge on this matter, because it is too plain
a case to need argument.
Mr. MASON". Mr. President, the Government
of the United States has been manufacturing its
own arms for a long period. As far as I under-
stand the organization, besides manufacturing its
own arms, it has heretofore appropriated, and,
perhaps, still appropriates, a sum of money to
buy arms from private manufacturers; but it is
obliged, for the safety of the country, to keep on
hand a very large supply of arms that arc not in
immediate use. Now, the proposition of this bill
is, if there are any of the States that want to make
additions to the arms of the State, that they shall
be allowed to obtain them from the Government
by replacing in the Treasury the cost of those arms
to the Government; and how is it met by the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island? That you will thereby
require the Government to interfere with private
competition. Sir, the State of Virginia has ap-
propriated, within the last few days, $500,000, a
portion of which is to be applied to the purchase
of arms, and the residue to the manufacture of
arms. I am sorry to say that the relation in
which that and many other States now stand to
this Union has put them upon the necessity of
arming themselves; and the appropriation will be
continued from year to year, until they are fully
armed and capable of meeting all resistance. X
say that Virginia, within the last few days, has
appropriated~§500,000 to arm the State—a portion
of which is to be used for the purchase of arms,
and the residue for the manufacture of arms; and
the authorities of the State of Virginia are re-
quired right off to erect manufactories on State
account in Virginia, for the manufacture of arms.
I do not know, if this bill passes, that the State
of Virginia will purchase any arms under it. I
do know, as far as I am informed as one of her
representatives, that she has had no part or jot in
it of any kind. I do know that she is sending to
Europe', to see at what rate she can purchasrarms
there. I believe that she will be very cautiousof
purchasing arms from the quarter of the country
from which that Senator comes. But if it should
result that this bill passes, and the State of Vir-
ginia finds she can purchase from the United
States better arms, or as good arms, as sh# can
