1860,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2837
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. BURNETT. I object, then, to the gen-
tleman from Ohio yielding the floor.
MECHANICAL PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. GURLEY. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I am instructed by the Committee on Print-
ing to report the following resolution:
Resolvct?; That there be printed, in addition to the usual
number, of the mechanical part of the Patent Office Report
for 18o9.six thousand copies Jorthe use of the Patent Office,
and twenty-four thousand copies for the use of members of
the House of Representatives.
Mr. BURNETT. I object.
Mr. GURLEY. I appeal to my colleague to
yield me the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. As my colleague rises to a
privileged question, I suppose 1 should give way
to him.
Mr. BURNETT. Has the Committeeon Print-
ing the privilege of reporting at any time ?
The SPEAKER. It has, under the rules.
Mr. GURLEY. I submit the resolution, and
call the previous question upon its adoption.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to hear the resolu-
tion adopted by the House this morning, read.
I think, under that resolution, the rule, giving the
Committee on Printing leave to report at any time,
does not operate.
The SPEAKER. The resolution to which the
gentleman refers only applies to the morning
hour.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Print-
ing will be called to-morrow; and I do not see
why my colleague wishes to press this matter at
this time. 1 call for a vote upon my motion to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rulcs*were suspended; and the House,
resolved itself into the Committee of the Wholes
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Dawes in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the / ;
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL. V
« Mr. SHERMAN. This bill has been made a
special order, and the general debate on it was
terminated. I ask that the amendment pending
may be read and acted on.
The amendment pending was read, as follows:
Amend lines nineteen and twenty by reducing the amount
from §2,654.000 to 500,(^50, and adding : Provided, how-
ever, That at all post offices at which the receipts exceed
per year, the commissions of postmasters on &uch ex-
cess shall be according to the rates established mthe act ap-
proved Maich 3, 1853, and thai the proviso of the act of
June 22,1854, authorizing the Postma&ter General to allow
extra pay to postmasters over their regular commissions, is
hcieby repealed, bo feu as it may affect the compensation
of postmaster* whose commissions may exceed $100 per
unburn.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move to reduce the
amount one dollar.
Mr. SINGLETON. If my colleague will yield
the floor to me, I will make a statement bearing
upon this amendment. 1 have just come from
the Post Office Department, where 1 have had a
consultation with the Assistant Postmaster Gen-
eral. He advises strongly against the adoption
of that portion of the amendment which proposes
to reduce the commissions of postmasters. He
informed me, if the amendment was adopted
reducing the compensation of postmasters, that
there would be inconveniences growing out of the
change all over the country. Postmasters would
be employed under it who would be entirely un-
worthy of the position.
So far as the other portion of the amendment
is concerned, I hope that it will not be adopted.
I believe that cusps constantly arise where discre-
tion ought to be left with the Postmaster General
to make extra allowances for extra services. These
cases afise from the construction of railroads, or
where offices are made separating offices for the
distribution of the mails to be sent to other points.
The whole object of the proposed amendment
now before the House seems to be to relieve the
Postmaster General from the duty of examining
and deciding applications for extra allowances.
I do not think that he ought to be relieved from
the duty now imposed upon him. He ought to
have the discretion of allowing extra pay where
the facts of the case will justify its exercise; and
it is much better that he should perform this ser-
vice, than that our public officers should suffer
injustice at the hands of the Government.
Mr, BARIvSDALE. It will be observed, from
the remarks of my colleague, that the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Colfax] was mistaken the
other day, when he stated that this amendment
met with the approbation of the Post Office De-
partment. I felt satisfied at the time that he was
mistaken. From the very nature of the case, it
is utterly impossible for any general law to be
passed to operate equally upon all of the post-
masters of the country. You must leave it op-
tional with the Postmaster General to increase
the compensation of postmasters at points where
the receipts of the offices are not adequate to pay
for the services rendered.
I know, sir, in many places in my district, that
it is almost impossible to.obtain the services of
competent men to discharge the duties of post-
master, because the compensation is totally in-
adequate. It strikes me that the law, as it now
stands, is a just and proper one. Where the case
is made out before the Postmaster General; where
the proof is made that the pay is not sufficient, he
ought to have authority to increase it, and to make
it adequate. In this way, and this way alone,
you can secure the services of competent post-
masters. Some of the best postmasters in my
district have said to me that they would be forced
to resign unless their pay was increased. Hence
I hope the amendment of the gentleman from In-
diana will be voted down, and that the Postmaster
General will be required to examine into the cases
which are presented to him, and allow an increase
of pay where the facts will justify it.
Mr. COLFAX. If the gentleman will look at
the report of my remarks, published in the Globe,
he will find that he is mistaken. I specifically
stated that the Postmaster General recommended
the adoption of the latter part of the amendment,
in order that he might be relieved from the great
number of applications made to him from post-
masters to grant them extra compensation. I can
only add, that the Postmaster General has never
expressed any dissent to me against the lemain-
dcr of this amendment; while it appears that he
did so to the gentleman from Mississippi. It may
be that the Post Office Department is opposed to
thisamendment. 1 take the woid of thegentieman
from Mississippi that it is.
But, sir, I stand in juxtaposition with the De-
partment m tins regard. Instead of striking down
mail routes to which the people in various parts
of the country have been accustomed for a gener-
ation, I would lay the ax of ictrenchment at the
root of exorbitant and useless salaries. I will
furnish the House with some startling figures on
these expenses of the post offices before we get
through with this bill. The amendment does not
propose to touch any of the postmasters the post-
age receipts of whose offices do not amount to
more than $400perycar; butanyexcessof receipts
over that sum to restore the rates of commissions
as they existed when the cheap postage law went
into operation; but which wore largely and un-
necessarily lncieased by the Congiess of 1854.
I regret the strictures by gentlemen on the other
side against the Postmaster General for desiring
to have the law repealed wluch allows him to
pay extra salaries to postmasters. It is an anom-
alyin our system, that an executive officer should
have this authority. It is a standing invitation
for postmasters to clamor for extra pay. I think
the Postmaster General is entitled to praise
stead of censure, for suggesting this reform
Gentlemen are talking about making the
Office Department self-sustaining. Over one half
of the revenues of the Post Office Department, let
me tell gentlemen, are now paid out as salaries
to postmasters, clerks, and other postal officers,
leaving only one half to be devoted to the trans-
portation of the mails. Without you curtail these
expenses, the deficit to be paid out of the Treas-
ury for the postal service will probably increase
hereafter, instead of diminishing,
and which, up to $2,000, accrues to the benefit of
the postmaster. I have no doubt, although I vsfas
never there, that they have such boxes in Jack-
son city. Now, the receipts from these boxes
ought to be sufficient to enable the postmaster to
pay his rent.
I will read an extract from a letter I have re-
ceived of a former postmaster in the State of JNew
York. If necessary, I will give his name. He
says:
" I held this office under Mr. Polk's administration, and
when my commission did not amount to over §600 peryear;
and I also held the office under Mr. Pierce, when my com-
mission amounted to $1,350 per year; fcnd it took no mor«
help the last four years than it did the first four years."
It is the fact, that Congress has been going on
year after year adding and adding to the expend-
itures and salaries of the Post Office Department.
If we go any further we ought to turn ove^ill the
revenues of the postal service into the hands of
the p.ostmasters and their employes, as they re-
ceivrone half of them now, and saddle the trans-
portation of our mails, by land and by sea, upon
t the Federal Treasury. Whatever the House may
| do, I certainly cannot consent that any such thing
shall bo done.
Mr. BAUKSDALE, by unanimous consent,-
withdrcw his amendment.
Mr. SINGLETON. I propose to reduce the
amount two dollars, with a view to submit a few
remarks further upon this amendment of the gen-
tleman. I had an intimation from the chairman
of the Committee on the Post «Qffice and Post
Roads the other day, which he kindly gave me,
that I was mistaken in the statement I made in
reference to the amount of commissions received
by the postmaster at the city of Jackson, Missis-
sippi. And he stated, at the same time, that he
took the Blue Book as his guide. I knew that he
could not get correct information from that source,
and I took it upon myself this morning to go to
the Post Office Department; and 1 have here an ac-
count made out by General Skinner, in that Depart-
ment, by which it appears that the postmaster at
the city of Jackson, the capital of the State of Mis-
sissippi, where the great railroad lines in Missis-
sippi, north and south, cross each other,and where
all the important mail routes oftheStatc center, re-
ceives only the sum of $377 42 commissions, after
hisexpenses are paid. The whole amount of com-
missions were correctly stated by the gentleman;
but does he not know that the postmaster is com-
pelled to employ clerks to assist in performing
the labors of the office, and that he is compelled
to rent an office, as the Government has no office
in that place ? Docs not the gentleman know
that he is compelled to supply himself with fuel
and lights? Now, when you come to make an
estimate of these expenses, you will find that
the amount received by him is §377 instead of
§1,800. If the gentleman had taken more pains
to inform himself, I think, perhaps, he would be
bcttei able to discharge the duties of his position.
1 do not, however, intend to reflect at all upon the
gentleman, for he cannot be expected to be posted
upon all these details; but it will not do for the
gentleman to lookatthegrosscommissions merely
without looking also to the out-gocs of the office,
yknd the amount the postmaster is compelled to
fx pay to defray the expenses to which I have re-
ferred.
Mr. COLFAX. According to the Blue Book,
which is an official record of all the officeholders
of the Government, and their respective salaries,
the salary of the postmaster at that place is $1,800.
Mr. SINGLETON. That may be so, but I
will say that that statement is only correct as to
the gross commissions. Thegentieman knows
that the Government has no post office building
there. The postmaster has to pay about two hun-
dred and fifty dollars rent a year, as the vouchers
show, and he is compelled to hire two clerks, at a
The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Single- Ij salary of from four to six hundred dollars each,
ton] spoke the other day of the post office at Jack- ji because the labors of that office are onerous, and
son, in the State of Mississippi, and he stated that j. he is compelled to furnish fuel and light. After
the salary of the postmaster theie was only $720. jj paying those expenses, the compensation of the
1 took the trouble to look into that case. In the ji postmaster, who is an efficient man, and who
Blue Book, the official register, I find, on page j| could succeed in any other kind of business, is,
286, that the compensation of the postmaster at ,! as stated above, but $377,'which no man will con-
Jackson, Mississippi, during the last year was I tend is a sufficient compensation for the labors
think
se, inV
i. */
: Post
$1,842 42. But the gentleman says he pays rent
for the hire of a room. Suppose lis does. Where
there is a post office of this magnitude, there are
letter-boxes, for the use of which a charge is made,
which he has to perform. I think i am talking to
sensible men. I will not argue this matter further.
So far as the Postmaster General is concerned
it may give him some trouble to discriminate be-
