1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
,1393
great sisterhood of States, and take her proud
position among them, as a sovereignty of this vast
Confederacy, amid the welcome plaudits of the
people of the whole Union; and each star thus
added to the great galaxy of States, instead of
creating discord and confusion, will add strength
and beauty to our political system.
Mr. SMJTH, of North Carolina. Inthecourse
of the speech just made by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Allen,] he referred to a matter to
which, though not so much personal to myself, I
deem it my duty to allude, as an act of simple jus-
tice to those gentlemen from the North west who did
me the honor of voting for me when my name was
before the House as candidate for Speaker. The
gentleman read a portion of the platform of the
convention which did me the honor of giving me
the nomination for a seaton this floor in 1857. I
ask the privilege of the House to have the reso-
lutions read from the Clerk's desk, as they were
passed in the convention which nominated me.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Rcsohcd, That we have unimpaired confidence in the
correctness of the principles of the American and Whig
partiep, and a full appreciation of the necessity of introduc-
iii" them into the administration of the Government, foi the
purpose of protecting our liberties and the institutions ot
the country from the dangeisof an insidious foreign influ-
ence which i=s ^-ekmg to corrupt and finally to destioy them.
" Resolved, That we heartily approve and hail with pleas-
ure the union of the American and Whig parties t>y the ac-
tion of their national convention—partie.3 bound together
by the common ties of patriotism, by a distinguishing con-
servatism of views and feelings, and by opposition to every
species of corruption and double dealing in the administra-
tion of the affairs of Government.
*• Resolved, That our late defeat, effected by the contin-
uance of ambitions politicians in giving an undue prom-
inence to dangeious <uid exciting sectional issues, has not
abated our zeal in maintaining the principles for which
we contend, or our confidence in their success before the
American people.
"■ Resolved, That the question of slavery m the Territo-
ry ought to be settled by the vote of the citizen* ol the
United^States permanently residing therein, at the time
they lorni their constitutions preparatory to admission into
tho'Umon asa State; and that, at such elections, none but
citizens should be allowed the light of suffrage.
;£ Resolved, That the wasteful appiopriation of ourpublie
domain to private corporations, or to the States in which
they are located, is grossly unjustto southern States of this
Union, and especially to our beioved State, whose citizens
are oppressed with taxation to pay for public improvements,
conducted in the new States bvthc: General Government,
out of the public lands, which is the common treasure of
all the States.
" Resolved, That our thanks are due, and arc hereby
tendered, to our late Representative, Hon. R. T. Paine;
and m voluntarily resigning to the hands of the people the
trustwhich he has sofaithfuUy kept, he ha&provedhnnselt
eminently entitled to their confidence.
•• Resolved,'Tnat we will give the nominee of this con-
vention our hearty suppoit in the ensuing election, having
full confidence that he will u^e his efforts for the promotion
of his country, and the good of his party/5
Mr. SMITH, ol North Carolina. Mr. Chair-
man, it will be observed that the uuion of the
American and Whig conventions is the union re-
ferred to in one of the resolutions; and that brought
about the association of the American and Whig
pai ties in my district. They conferred upon me
the honor of being their candidate in the tlienap-
proaching election. ] will not go into details, but
simply state that I have already, in my place upon
this floor, declared what had been my position,
and what it is now. To that I beg leave to refer.
Mr. ALLEN. The resolutions 1 read as being i
those of the southern Opposition party of the first
district of North Carolina in 185T, were inclosed j
to me ill a letter, and were the only resolutions 1
rcccivcd from the source to which I applied foi
information. My inquiries were directed more
'particularly to the position of the gentleman on
the question of Americanism. I wrote to a gen-
tleman who I believed was acquainted with the
position occupied by the gentleman from North
Carolina on that question, and requested him
to send me any resolutions which might have
been passed by the convention that nominated
linn. I received, as 1 have already stated, the
resolutions I have read; and I received no other
resolutions. If I had received the eutne platform
winch the Clerk has read at the suggestion of the
gentleman from North Carolina, I would have m-
coipoiated the whole of it in my remarks. The
"ciitli.-m.in who gave me the information I have
referred to was my warrant for stating that the
centleman, in his canvass of 1857, defended the
fuFncipirs'of the Know Nothing party.
Mr HICKMAN. Mr. Chairman, I will an-
swer to God and my country much thaUias been
said tin iji Admnns'ratjon side of tin
; House. I
speak of sectionalism—a subject frequently named
here and throughout the country, but never ex-
amined or discussed, and, consequently, but im-
perfectly comprehended. The word haslong served
the demagogue for clap-trap, and has furnished
the alarmist with all his stock in trade. More,
doubtless, is to be heard of it in the future; and as
we of the Democratic party, who are unwilling
to baptize the folly and corruption of the present
Administration into wisdom and propriety, are
charged with fostering and encouraging it, I may,
perhaps, be tolerated for an hour in the statement
of a few plain facts which, strangely enough, in
this connection, seem to have been overlooked or
forgotten.
Sectionalism arises as well from the omission of
acts as the commission of acts; in withholding
from a portion of the people what they properly
demand as well as in agression upon legal and
well-defined rights. OurGovernment was intended
by its founders to confer equal benefits, and to im-
pose equal responsibilities; and whenever it shall
fail in either of these objects, complaints will ne-
cessarily and justly arise. Then will it have lost
that peculiar feature which gives to it all its win-
ning charm and beauty, and there will be nothing
left of it to be especially desired.
Sectionalism, as I understand it, is inequality
and injustice, and can have no open defender. It
ends where monarchy andabsolutism begin, and,
therefore, can never bo tolerated or countenanced
in a land of liberty. A tendency toward it is the
surest sign of degeneracy and decay; and, when
once established, the end of our republican ex-
periment will be at hand. But if it lacks undis-
guised defense it has its patrons in all those who
are laboring for exclusive legislation, who would
build up and fortify one portion of our country
upon the ruins of another, and who would forget
that our Government secures to us a common
destiny.
There is a sectionalism in acts if not in advo-
cacy. The North have long suffered from it—in
their commerce, their manufactures, their agricul-
ture, their mechanic arts, their equality, and their
inherentpoliticalrightsandpowers. Wehavclong
borne wrongs and forborne complaints; we have
asked and been denied; we have begged and been
spurned; we have struggled and been overcome.
Through our timidity, our subserviency, and our
strifes, have we failed in our claims, our petitions,
and our trials. We have solicited when our rights
were plain; we have implored when we should
have demanded; we have divided when we should
have been united. For this we should not blame
the South, but the North; and not so much the
people of the North as the politicians of the North.
We have been cursed by a breed of men who rep-
resented themselves and not their constituencies;
and, at last, as was right, their selfishness was
unrewarded, their ambition uncrowned, and their
treachery rebuked. They have granted boons
without returns; have compromised and lost all.
If we have not been utterly sacrificed, it has not
been because our leaders have not deserted us.
If we have grown and prospered, it has been be-
cause of God's favor and not of man's help.
Sir, if ninety Representatives in this Hall can
control one hundred and forty-seven; if thirty
Senators yonder can govern thirty-six; if fifteen
feeble States can rule over eighteen powerful ones;
if minorities can overcome majorities, and weak-
ness strength, let us not further degrade ourselves
by whining complaints against the former; but
let us, in as manly a way as we may be able to
do so, acknowledge their superiority over us, and
have it written down in the archives of the nation,
that our children may understand it and learn
their plain duty from it. If any one supposes I
entertain a feeling of animosity towards my south-
ern brethren, let me here and now disabuse him.
I commend them; I admire them for their bold-
ness and success. But whilst I do so, I have an
unspeakable contempt for that pusillanimity which
enables them to exercise the one and to accom-
plish the other. I would have them imitated in
their State pride and lack of gold-greediness; m
their zeal, their energy, their frankness, and their
. skill. If we were more like them we would suiter
' less, and they would respect us more. They
would not then secure all the poweis of Govern-
ment and all the patronage of office. Our northern
Presidents would be full-grown men; eommand-
ers-in-ehief of the Army and Navy; executing
the laws, suppressing incipient treason, and main-
taining the spirit of our institutions. Ourcringiag
Buchanans would be molded into inflexible Jack-
sons, and the times of honesty and confidence of
quiet and good feeling, would be restored,: s
Instead of this order and harmony, which should
characterize a common brotherhood, we hqveJae-
come discordant, and oftentimes almost belliger-
ent. For the last ten years, at least, has tMsbeSn
the unhappy condition of our country. Section-
alism has been nursed and animated, until it has
become the fruitful and commanding parent of all
our national afflictions: not a sectionalism from
the North, but from the South; not springing
from the few who have been unable to learn the
compromises of the Constitution and the value of
our fathers' compact; but from the many who,
feeling their weakness, have united for strength;
a sectionalism not generated in the bracing air
which cools the brow of the virtuous and intelli-
gent laborer, but of the fetid and feverish atmos-
phere of rice swamps and cotton fields; not cul-
tivated in green pastures, beside still waterev!but
upon plains burnt and blasted, as by hurricanes
of fire; a sectionalism-not of the farm and Work-
shop, but of the lounge, the hammock, and the
veranda. It is not plebeian, but a gentlemanly
thing, that awes Presidents, fascinates lawgivers,
and directs the ship of state. Now it is gewtle
and persuasive, then fierce and persistent, and at
all times untiring and triumphant. It possesses
no inherent force; our connivance alone ;tans"it.
It is the emblem upon theshield of Alcibi&deS:'as
the child it would be mild and harmless^ but we
five it the thunderbolt and make it fearful and
estructive. _ '
The cause of our distraction and dissension is
the agitation of questions connecting themselves
with slavery; and I would impress this truth-upon
the public mind, that it is the determination" to
extend rather than reduce that institution which
has arrayed the sections in apparent, if not actual
hostility. Each succeeding day but makes it the
more evident that slavery expansion is the -om-
nipresent and ruling consideration alike in theol-
ogy, in politics, and Government. If I am mis-
taken , why do churches wrangle and then sever ?
What has threatened periodically the stability of
the Union ? How will you account for thdwide-
spread alarm of 1850, and the misnamed compro-
mises of that year? Why do our chief officers
become intemperate partisans instead of temperate
rulers ? Whence arises the necessity for subvert-
ing party principles, changing party policy, and
destroying party platforms ? In what direction
shall we look for that powerful agency which dis-
tinguishes between equals; in the one case con-
ferring sovereignty, and in the other withholding
it? Whose cupidity is ever reaching out jVanti-
cally to seize the native African, and to clutch
bordering domains; giving material aid and de-«
fense to the filibuster and land-pirate; provoking
proclamations of war from abroad, and inciting
to bootless instructions for order at home ? And
to what cause shall we attribute the perpetual
failure of all measures conducive to agricultural
and mechanical growth and development?
Mr. Chairman, in the last half of the eighteenth
century, when the republican patriots of France
and America affirmed the freedom and equality of
all men by birth and nature, ouv colonies accepted
the declaration as an axiom, and rested upon it
as the rock of their hope. Around it they kindled
and fed the fires of the Revolution; and shivering
and in rags upon the ice of winter, and fainting
and wasted upon the sands of' summer, they de-
fended it with their lives, their fortunes, and their
honor They saved it and consecrated it. On it
rests all our institutions. It is the great shrine
which our fathers covered with their blessings, as
the Cherubim covered with their wings the ark of
the covenant of the Lord. Now it ts assaulted so
frequently it neither excites interest nor occasions
remark. A new gospel has been preached to the
nation, and the man who values either his charac-
ter or repose will be careful not to molest the mod-
ern orthodoxy by vain attempts to resuscitate the
past. Those traitor zealots, who were so mis-
guided as to give their labors to God and. pos-
terity,died too soon to learn the lie they had advo-
cated, and how little they had achieved, itiswell
it was so, for they barely escaped the day when,
if liviuf, they would have been followed- and
tnuntcifby derisive and detractive cphithets; anu
