1894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
when a Federal chief, sitting giddy-headed in the
chair of Washington and Jefferson, would have
opened upon them tho vials of his indecent wrath
and demanded them in sacrifice, to appease the
vengeance of those who must always despise him.
Largely connected with the institution, they did
not permit the consideration of slavery to in-
terfere with the discharge of that plain duty
they believed they owed the cause of mankind.
Thinking it right to rebuke wrong, they did so
in plain and unambiguous language. They were
not theorists merely, but piucticahsts. They
looked forward to an unconfmod liberty, and de-
clared absolute, perpetual bondage inimical to the
education, opinions, social life, and every moral
quality of those who were surrounded by it.
SVe are not permitted to follow either their ex-
ample or their precepts. Silence, even, will not
leave us unmolested. We arc now required, un-
der the impending pains and penalties of party
anathemas and proscription, to declare the en-
slavement of a weaker race to be patriarchal and
heaven-ordained; and that those who fought our
battles, and framed and shaped our government,
v/ere banded infuriates and .-silly philanthropists.
In this land there are as yet no chains forged for
the intellect which may not be broken; and we
will never allow cither our faith or our confidence
to be shackled. It was this exaction made of
believing Christians, to array themselves against
the sentiment of the world, and to proclaim sla-
very a sacred institution, which has divided the
churches, and laid the foundation for tluitremark-
able propagandism which piofesses to iely upon
the Divine favor for its ultimate ascendency and
success. The conquest of the southern church
to the sanctiou and interests of slavery has given
it a city of refuge which it always before 'lacked,
and has made it bold in the enormity of its de-
mands. We are required to fall down and wor-
ship it. This is a sectional view that we never
can sanction; and we appeal to the justice of God
and the moral sense of men to sustain us in our
refusal.
The effort to justify the origin of slavery, how-
ever it may bo regarded by those taught in a dif-
ferent theology, cannot be more objectionable
than the means used to coerce thorn into its adop-
tion. Some of those it is my purpose to refer to;
and I regret that 1 do not command the time to
speak of them with th.it paitioularity which is
demanded by their importance.
The people of the northern States entertain a
loyal attachment to the Constitution and the
Union. Those who would deny the declaration
have fallen into the mistake of assuming the sin-
gularities of a few to be a type of the mass. We
will maintain the Federal compact in its integrity.
There is no law written, organic or statute, against
which we will raise tho hand of lebolhon; and we
arc fast forming the determination to restrain others
from doing soT There ts no record of a time wl^en
wo fell short of a discharge of our whole duty.
We have not only fought our own battles, but
the battles of a common brotherhood. We have
striven long because we loved well, and we gath-
ered victory because we were devoted. We have
branded treason, rebuked fanaticism, and kept the
faith. And now, having thus acted, strategy makes
use of our patriotism to overcome us. Those in
the South for whose rights und welfare we have
struggled and exhausted ourselves through long
and arduous campaigns, feeling our pjssion for
the Union to be our weakness, break in upon our
needed rest ond startle our fears with its threat-
ened dissolution. This cry always comes from
the same quarter, and is sectional. It has been
wonderful, magical m its office. It has secured
tribute, subsidies, and esteem. Where oui judg-
ments would deny, our hearts have granted; and,
stuug by our wrongs, we have even caressed their
cause. This cry that has so often startled tho na-
tion in the past, " the Union is m danger/9 has by
no means been a groundless one. It has been in
danger. It has been placed in surroundings of
danger by the political speculator for the mere
purpose of having it saved. It will be as;ain in
danger; how frequently it may be so, it "is not
for me to predict; but this i will venture to de-
clare, that danger will periodically assail it until
the lessons of justice snail be better learned on
the one hand, or concessions shall be refused upon
the other. Whenever that danger has existed,
security, transient from its very nature, has been
j easily purchased, and always at the same price—
1 by weakening the strength of one portion of the
Union and by strengthening the weakness of an-
other portion of the Union. The consumptive
system of slavery can no longer feed upon itself
and live. It is to be nourished by milk drawn
from the healthy breast of vigorous liberty. The
sinking energies of the one are to be invigorated
and sustained at the expense of the stalwart nat-
ural energies of the other. In this way is an
equilibrium to be maintained in tho Republic.
The laws of God and nature are to be counter-
acted, and principles of vastly unequal forces, and
always at war with each other, are to be made
coequal by human enactments. Shall God or man
rule ? Shall the temporal law repeal the eternal
law? If the Union is to be preserved, it will be
by bulwarks and not by flight. Secession, now
so flippantly promised, is a violation of more than
sworn obligation; it is worse than treason; it is
the destruction of the happiness of a numberless
postcnty; it cams the felon's death; and we trust
its punishment first to him whom we shall call
to preside over our destinies, and if he fails us,
then to self-preservation and the unconquerable
energies of truth as it presides in the hearts of
educated freemen.
The years from 1844 to 1850, inclusive, will long
be remembered from the most remarkable, as it
was the most bold and adroit sectional movement
known to our history. It had for its object a
gigantic slavery extension; but under a pretext
very difteumt in its form. It was nothing less
than the forcible acquisition of one half, if not
the whole of Mexico, for tho purpose indicated,
under color of the annexation of Texas. It is
worse than folly to suppose that the determina-
tion to sustain what the South call the balance of
power, but which would be more appropriately
named the supremacy of power, has only just
been determined upon. It lias long been a settled
policy with southern leaders, recognizing in it, as
they do, the condition of the life of slavery. And
how is the correctness of their view to be re-
sisted? That man who lias read the history of
his race, and has not closed his eyes against the
plain teaching of events transpiring daily around
him, will never be convinced that there can bean
enduring peace between slavery and freedom.
Truces may be agreed upon, butthey will be like
the compacts of kings, made to be broken, when-
ever inteiest, ambition,passion, or progress, shall
will it. Air lines may define rival States, but
they never can bound conflicting sentiment.
The vigorous and the true will invade the sickly
and the false. The light of the press, the me-
chanical agencies and other productions of highly
cultivated art, the,green fields and profuse har-
vests of scientific agriculture, the wide-spread
wings of prosperous commerce, and the flooding
wealth of ceaseless thrift, are not to be restricted
by river banks, or corner stones, or parallels of
latitude. These influences are forever and ever
at work. They are your zealots, your fanatics,
your traitors, your Abolitionists, eternally pleach-
ing of the noblest triumphs of civilization, and
impiessing their lessons, upon the hearts of the
most inconsiderate and wayward. They are the
invincible antagonists of ignorance, indolence,
sterility, and poverty, and none but the unwise
or disingenuous should attempt to deny it. When
you can wall them in, you can control the travels
of reason and the mightiest impulses of human-
ity. Then you may "bind the influences of
Pleiades and loose the bands of Orion.'' Then
you may "bringforth Mazzaroth m his season,"
and " guide Arcturus with his sons."
It is not the handful of men planting sedition,
and wairing openly against legal institutions and
fundamental law, which the States South fear, and
against whose acts they seek protection through
expansion. It is the reflection from the whole sur-
face of the States North—their intelligence, skill,
production, enterprise, and prosperity, which
threaten and disturb. To foster and encourage
these is to augment the danger. Not to attempt
to counteract them would indicate an abandon-
ment of the struggle—the breaking down of the
Trajan bridge. I see here the cause of all the
agitation upon the slavery question, in Congress
and out of Congress, for the last fifteen years.
Herein lies the secret of the contests for the Ter-
ritories, the violation of covenants and compro-
S mises, and the appalling aggressions upon the
sovereign rights of the people. The South seek
the acquisition and tenure of the Territories; and
what better agency, let me inquire, can they em-
ploy to fortify themselves? Once surrounding us
by a belt of States which should regard our insti-
tutions as inimical to theirs, we might well antici-
pate the fate of the man in the Iron Shroud. With
the powers of the General Government thus placed
beyond our control, the walls would constantly
contract upon xisun til, at last, we should be crushed
by the pressure; or, if left to survive, it would be
upon some rugged mountain-top, dwarfed to the
insignifiance of San Marino. Here I point to the
cause and source of that sectional antagonism
which must continue until either the North or the
South shall gain the asccndoncy. Time will cast
our country's horoscope; but let us still trust that
it will remain her good fortune to exercise a hu-
manizing and christianizing sway over an injured
and distorted humanity. There h such a thing
an "manifest destiny;" and the destiny of the
South is perfectly manifest to every one cxcept
themselves.
Sir, a few foot-prints in the past point out un-
mistakably the direction in which events have
been hurrying us. The least noticed of these, at
the time, was the daring resolve of party leaders
to set aside the expressed and known will of the
Democratic voters in the selection of a Chief Ma-
gistrate. As Mr. Van Buren was cast off in this
way, and without damage to those engaged in the
plot, it has never since been considered unsafe for
a delegated body to engage in usurpation, or to
give to their edicts the force of obligation. This
is a great mischief, but by no means the most
grievous result of the act; for upon it may be
charged one of the greatest outrages, as I con-
ccive, our people have ever been called upon to
endure. I allude to the enactment of the compro-
mise measures of 1850, and the fruits they have
produced. By the great body of the then domi-
nant party of the country, Mr. Van Buren had
been virtually placed m nomination for the Pres-
idency; but because he failed to see that necessity
for the immediate annexation of Texas which was
felt by others, delegates from Pennsylvania, even,
who had given written pledges to sustain him,
were among the earliest to sacrifice their plighted
faith and the wishes of those they presumed to
represent. The contrivance was successful, and
the issue born. But, 1 am glad to know, the mon-
ster proceeded from no northern womb; we did
but act as midwives at the birth. The annexa-
tion achieved, as was foreseen by its parents, the
war with Mexico; and an acquisition of her soil,
foreordained, as was supposed, for slavery, fol-
lowed as closely-linked resulting consequences.
But as God sometimes ventures to overrule the
plottings of men, even the wisest of men, an un-
seen hand was at work to disappoint purposes,
bringing good out of evil. As Arietta's both in
the brook, by attracting the attention of Duke
Robert of Normandy, led to tho establishment of
the British empire, so a shovel-full of earth, care-
lessly thrown up near Suter s old fort, wrested
California from blight and mildew, and converted
it into Arcadian pastures and vine-wreathed vales.
The discovery then made was the real philoso-
pher's stone, which gave a golden throne to Free-
dom, and planted her victorious banners on the
shores of the broad Pacific. So far, well; but now
the folly and submission began. Those who had
sccrctly played with stocked cards for the prize,
and lost it, still made claim and showed then hands;
and the winners, always magnanimous—rich in
present gains—-agreed to pay bounty for their
daring and their enterprise. Yes, California, with
area enough to make three States larger than
NewYork; with a population more than sufficient
to entitle her to two Representatives in this Hall;
and with a constitution desired by her people, was
denied admission into the Union because of her
choice of institutions, although purely republican
in their form. Preferring the energy and product-
iveness of white labor to the sloth and sterility of
black, we were required, I may say constrained,
to buy her in as a sister, and at a price fixed by
the usurer. As I am on the subject or sectionalism,
it may be expected I should be particular as to tho
consideration yielded.
In the first place, we gave the fugitive slave law,
and bound three million adult freemen, engaged
in professions, trades, and agriculture, to leave
their books and tools and plows, to £«ck after and
