2888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
tween those who are entitled to this extra com-
pensation, and those who are not entitled to it.
JBut he holds his office to direct the machinery of
that Department; he is there for that purpose,
and none can so well determine these questions.
There arc hundreds and thousands of postmasters
in the country, and it is impossible to frame a
general law which will do justice to all parties.
The Postmaster General himself gets $8,000 a
year for his services, and vet we would have these
local postmasters to give their services to the Gov-
ernment for a sum which will not feed them. You
want honest and capable men to take charge of
your post offices, and you cannot expect to pro-
cure the services of such men without paying for
them.
Mr. COLFAX. I have no doubt that if the
postmaster at Jackson wishes to lead a life of
depart* leisure, he could pay oat his entire com-
missions to employ others to do his duties! Now
I live in a town where the emoluments of the
postmaster amount to twelve or thirteen hundred
dollars, and the postmaster at that place performs
himself nearly all the duties of his office. If the
potuinasitr at Jackson employs two clerks, at a
salary of five oi six hundred dollars t^ach, I can-
not St c what lie does with them.
Mr. SliN'GLETON. 1 will state to the gen-
tleman that tins is a separating office; that the
raiir.iads cross each other at this point, and that
tin- mails have there to bt separated and sent out
to all parts of thf State. I hope the amendment
of the chainiidTT of the Committer* on the Post
Oliio and Post Roads will be voted down, and
tin- law be left, as it now stands upon the statute-
book.
Mi. COLFAX. Our word more, in conclu-
sion, The i lease has ivn. u)]y made up Jts mind
on this mytt'T. 1 stand by the people, and am
for giving them the mail facilities they demand,
and ronniching the ofrieeholdeis of the Govern-
ment instead of the mail routes of the country.
I have no doubt that we can get faithful and com-
petent men to perfotm the duties of postmasteis
m al! our numerous post offices at the rate of
commission specified in the proposed law, just
as easily as if you ^i\e them, as the gentleman
fiom Mississippi desires, the extra commission
under the act of 1851.
Mr. KARKSDALLi. I submit to the gentle-
man from Indiana whether it is true economy to
strike down the pay of the best men m the ser-
vice of the Department at so low a rate as to diivo
them from the employ of the Government11
Mr. COLFAX. There is no danger of that.
Mr. RARKSDALE. I understand, and wish it
understood by the House, that many of the very
best men in the service will leave it.
Mr. COLFAX. I will guaranty that a plenty
of quite as good men will take their places when
they leave. If gentlemen will only look to what
transpires at the incoming of any Administration,
whether Democratic or Whig or Republican, and
sec the scramble made for these offices, he will
come to the same conclusion that I have, that
there will be a plenty of competent men who will
fill these offices at the compensation allowed by
the law fixing the rates of commission. 1 believe
in a just, wise, and judicious economy. We
leave those postmasters who receive a commis-
sion less than ft;240 untouched.
Mr. SINGLETON, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. McRAE. I move to increase the sum three
dollars. I do not suppose that any remarks which
I may make upon this subject will influence the
judgment or action of a single member of the
'House. But I wish to say that 1 concur in what
has been said by my two colleagues; and I assure
the House that this reduction of the rates of com-
pensation w.ll opaate to the great injury of post-
masteis in the southern Status. 1 know it will
m Mississippi. With this statement before them,
I ask the Iiouse to vote down this amendment.
Mr. CARKSDALE. I hope the gentleman from
Indiana will withdraw the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I want to
oppose that ann ndment^ I do not think 1 can go
with the chairman of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads. I think that, after the 4th
of March next, v. hen our friends are installed in
thesu post offices, tlu^ side of the House will be
for raising this commission again. I am for hit-
ting a stand whuic it is, so that our men may reap
a full reward without putting us to the task of
raising their pay in about a year. I am, there-
fore, opposed to the amendment.
Mr. McRAE, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
The question being upon the amendment of Mr.
Colfax as amended,
Mr. COLFAX demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Barr and
Tappan were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 62, noes 73.
So the amendment, as amended, was not agreed
to.
Mr. COLFAX. I "now offer the amendment
which was pending at the time the vote upon this
amendment was retaken.
The amendment was read, as follows:
After line twenly, add the following:
Provided, hou-evcr, That where packages of newspapers
or pcnodicals are leceived at any po&t office, directed to
one address, and the names of the club of subscribers to
which they belong, with the postage for one quarter in ad-
vance, shall be handed to the postmaster, he shall deliver
the same to their icspeetive owners.
Mr. COLFAX. Newspaper publishers are in
the habit, for convenience sake, of sending their
papers to clubs to one address; and it depends
entirely on the postmaster as to whether he will
circulate them or not. The law of 1836 says that
any postmaster giving a preference to one news-
paper over another, shall be subject to fine and
imprisonment, and be ineligible to hold a post
office afterwards. The effect of the present sys-
tem is, that where postmasters do not see fit to
separately deliver papers sent to clubs, the reve-
nue is lost to the Department, for papers are sent
by express companies, instead of by mail. The
Post Office Department has lost much revenue on
this account. The amendment is simply to carry
out the spirit of the law of 1836.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. What does the
amendment propose ?
Mr. COLFAX. It directs postmasters, when
papers are sent to clubs under one address, and
the names of subscribers are furnished to them,
and the postage thereon paid for a quarter in ad-
vance, to distribute the papers. The system of
putting wrappers on newspapers inside of a pack-
age is really in conflict with the spirit of the law,
which says that the postmaster shall tear the wrap-
per off each newspaper, and examine whether
there is any written matter contained in it. It
will take no longer time to write the names of the
subscribers and to put the papers in their boxes
than it would to open the wrappers and examine
the papers. .
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I think that all but
one wrapper may very well be dispensed with; but,
at the same time, the names of the subscribers
should at least be written on the margin of the
papers.
The question was taken on the amendment; and
it was agreed to.
Mr. SPINNER. I oiler the following amend-
ment:
Insert at the end of line twenty, or else immediately after
the amendment submitted by the chdiiman ot the Post Of-
fice Committee, the following.
Ami provided alio, That it tlmll not be lawful for any
)>tinastei, or other peison employed m a post office, to
miand or leeeive, in connection with the delivery of let-
■rs or other mail matter, any rate of postage, or gratuity,
or reward (whether under the gui?e of box rents, or in any
other shape what&oevci) other than the rates of postage
established by law, the regular fee on letters and other mail
matter delivered by cairieis, and the ice authorized by the
actof Maich 3, for the i castration of letters. And it
shall be the duty of the I'ostmasster Gcneial to require post-
masters* to make quatierly returns oi all money* by them
coIlcctcd in connection with the discharge of their official
duties, whether the same be derived fiom postages, emol-
ument-', pcKjuisites, letter-earners* fee?, oi any other source
whatsoever; and all moneys thus accounted for shall be
deemed and held as a portion of the revenues of the Post-
Office Depaitment; and all allowances made to postmas-
ter under tho provwoiu ot law, whether ta commissions,
P'jrquiL-ste*,emolumentsIcttei-earners'fees,or many other
shape whatsoever, shall he accounted for as part of the ex-
penditute.s of the Post Office Depaitment.
Mr. CARTER. I hope the amendment will
not pass, for it would be impossible to do the post
office business of the city of New York without
the use of boj.es.
Mi. SPiNN ER. The boxes will not be abol-
ished, but only the system of charging for them.
It is thu interest of the postmaster himself, and
for the convenience of his office, that these boxes
should be retained. It has been ascertained, Mr.
Chairman, that in many post offices the cost of a
single letter, by these boxes, amounts to fifteen
cents.
Mr. CARTER. Does this amendment propose
to prevent the postmaster from having boxes ?
Mr. SPINNER. Not at all; it only prevents
him charging for them. The boxes are for tho
convenience of the postmaster, and they would
be supplied in the office even if there was no
charge for them. The charge is unauthorized.
There is no warrant of law for it. 1 think, my-
self, that it is an indictable offense. It is true,
there has been a recent law passed recognizing
the matter, and directing that all receipts from
box rents, over $2,000, shall be paid into the
Treasury, or for clerk hire; but still, it is entirely
unauthorized by law. It has been ascertained,
as I said before, that in many cases, in San Fran-
cisco for instance, letters average as high as fifteen
cents a piece for box rent. The receipts of some
of the offices for box rent alone exceed thirty-
thousand dollars a year.
Mr. COLFAX. I am reluctantly compelled to
differ with the gentleman from New York. He
proposes to allow the boxes to remain, but to pro-
hibit any charge being made for them. If that
were adopted, the system would break down of its
own weight. Where there are three or four thou-
sand boxes in a post office, it is as much as the
very best clerks can do to remember the names
of the owners of boxes. All sums over §2,000
received in any post office from box rents go to the
revenue of the Post Office Department. I desire
to save that revenue, because it is valuable. No-
body is compelled to take a box unless he chooses
to do so. It is a mere matter of choice. There
are three modes of receiving letters; first, through
boxes; second, through the carriers; and third,
through the general delivery. Persons may have
their letters delivered in any of these three ways
that they choose.
Mr. SPINNER. Does not the chairman of the
Post OtEce Committee know—the fact is no tori;
ous—that in many of tho post offices those who
have no boxes have little chance to get their letters
at all, and have to wait until those who have boxes
are served ?
Mr. COLFAX. My friend from New York is
mistaken about that. The general mail delivery
at the post offices commences at about the same
time as the delivery from the boxes. It is only
from those drawers to which there are locks and
keys from the outside, and where persons on the
outside can open the drawer and pull out tho let-
ters, that letters are got earlier than by the general
delivery; but so far as the general delivery is con-
cerned, it commences at about the same time as
the delivery from the boxes.
Mr. CARTER. If I understood the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Spinner,] he said that
persons are compelled to take post office boxes.
It is no such thing. In the city of New York the
boxes bring a premium of over one hundred dol-
lars. Instead of being compelled to take them,
they cannot get boxes enough; and they cannot
get the delivery of the mail so soon in any other
way as by the boxes. Many business men would
give more than one hundred dollars for a box, so
as to have quicker delivery of their mail.
The question was taken on Mr. Spinner's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. COLFAX. I am instructed by the Post
Office Committee to move to reduce the appropri-
ation for clerks to §800,000; and I trust that, if the _
amendment be adopted, the House will not at-
tempt to have it reduced still further. We must
practice a wise economy, and not go too far at a
time. The statistics in regard to the increased
cost of post office clerks are extraordinary. Eleven
years ago, in 1849, the total amount paid by the
Government for clerks, in all the post offices in the
United States, was §230,000. There is paid to-day
for that purpose §950,000—an increase, in eleven
years, of four hundred per cent. The increase
has gone on, step by step, $100,000 by §100,000
each year, until it has grown to be such an evil as
ought to be corrected. The Post Office Committee
looked over this matter, and thought that the ap-
propriation might be safely reduced from §950,000
to £800,000 without impairing the efficiency of the
service. There has been recently a defalcation of
nearly two hundred thousand dollars in the New
York city post office, but that does not begin to
