1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
LYDIA FEAZEE.
Mr. HUTCHINS, from the same committee,
reported si bill for the relief of Lydia Frazee, ad-
ministratrix of John Frazee; which was read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and ordered to be printed
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. HUTCHINS also, from the same commit-
tee, presented adverse reports on the petitions of
Chauncey Smith and Jemima Christian; which 1
wore laid on the table, and ordered to be printed. !
MARIAM G. VALLEJO. " j
Mr. HALE, from the same committee, reported j
back a bill (C. C. No. 92) for the relief of Mariam j
G. Vallejo; which was referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
CLERKS TO COMMITTEES.
Mr. GILMER. I am directed by the Commit-
tee of Elections to ofi'er the following; resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Election? be allowed
to employ a clerk at a compensation not exceeding four dol-
lars, per day lur the tune actually employed.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not understand that to
bo a privileged resolution.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the res-
olution ;
Mr. BURNETT. I object to it. '
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is a privileged question.
Mr. GILMER. 1 understand it to be a privi-
leged question. Such a resolution has always been
so considered. It certainly is a privileged ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not suppose
it is a privileged question.
Mr. GILMER. But it is a report from the
Committee of Elections.
• The SPEAKER. That committee has not been
called to-day, and the Chair supposes that it ia
not, therefore, a privileged question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wish to say that the res-
olution offered by the honorable gentleman front
North Carolina is a privileged resolution. It isa
report from the Committee of Elections.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to the gentleman's
arguing the question. I understand the Chair has
decided that it is not a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has so decided.
STEAMBOAT PASSENGER BILL.
Mr. W ASIIBURNE, of Illinois, from the Com- (
mittee on Commerce, reported back, with the j
recommendation that it do pass, House bill (No. ;
11-1) further to provide for the safety of passen- i!
gers on vessels propelled m whole or in part by j!
steam.
On motion of Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, j
the further consideration of said lull was post- i;
poned till three weeks fiom Tuesday next; and
til': bill and accompanying report were ordered to
lie printed " ■ ;
SHADE CALLOWAY. j;
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the il
Committee on Commerce, reported back a bill for , i
the relief of Shade. Calloway; which was referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with i;
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed. 11
Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Speaker, I wish to make
an inquiry of the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce. Ik this the bill which was before the ,;
last Congress ? '
.Mi. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, was under- |
stood to assent.
Mr. TAYLOR. It will be remembered that I >
presented a Lull wh'eh was also before tire last l!
Congress, and which is intended as an amend- ■
mentor substitute for th is bill. If that bill of mine ■
is not included in this report, 1 wish to ask permis- ,
sion of the House that the hill referred by me to
the committee may he printed, m order that it may -
be in a condition to be brought up at the same
time as the bill now referred to the Committee of -
the Whole House shall he brought un.
Mi. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 hope that
couise wilt be pursued
It was so ordered
STEAMBOAT PASSENGER BILL-—AGAIN.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I understand that the first report made by
the chairman of the Committee on Commerce
was postponed. To what time was it postponed?
The SPEAKER. It was postponed for three
weeks.
Air. HOUSTON. I more to reconsider the
vote by which it was postponed, with a view
of saying a word to the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman*] who is at the head of the Corn-
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will now
test the sense of the House, without farther de-
bate, by renewing the motion- to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table. . . '
Tl,^r: 11 '■ USTO\r, Will the gentleman from
" -,i /- w , -   . Illinois withdraw that motion for a minute? I
mi tec of Ways and Means. If the gentleman j| desire to put myself right in relation to this
will look at the effect of this class of postpone- j bill.
ments, he will see that they are really special j Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentie-
orders; and if the way is blocked up by bills being ij man can make his suggestion without my with-
postponed, so as to give them an advantage over ;! drawing the motion.
every other bill that may be reported from every ;! Mr. HOUSTON. Well, it is this- the gen-
other committee m the House, why the gentle- || tleman seems to have taken my motion—as did
man will find his appropriation bills sunk down ,1 also the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Bur-
to the very last days of the session, if they are jj nett]—as being evidence of hostility to the bill,
passed at all. j It is not so. 1 am willing to take up this bill,
1 only make that suggestion. If he prefers to | and act upon it. I desire to do so. I kno\«hat
let it go so, I have indicated my disinclination to |j it is an important bill, and that, in one shape or
it; and I will be content with his course. I will [; other, it ought to pass. I am not endeavoring to
assist him, however, if he desires to take the course i' stifle the bill or to defeatit. I do not wishaccess
I suggest—to keep the way clear, so that his ap- j, to it in the Committee of the Whole on the state
propriation bills may be passed at any time, with- ;! of the Union to be obstructed.
out being sunk to the bottom by special orders |j Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. Letmemake
and postponed bills. I, therefore, move to recon- '• a suggestion. The gentleman from Alabama
sider the vote by which the bill was postponed, i; knows very well that this is making no special
with a view of having it referred to the Commit- ;l order: for the bill naturally, under the rules, will
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union. e come up at the time to which it is postponed; and
! that, at that time, a motion to lay upon the table
! or refer to the Committee of the Whole on the
! state of the Union will be in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. SHEPJMAN. I hope my friend from Illi-
nois will allow the motion to reconsider to stand
over for an hour or two, until I can see what the
measure is. I was called out, and did not hear it
reported.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I withdraw
the motion to lay upon the table, for the purpose
of making a few brief remarks. This is a bill
which is considered of great importance to the
country, and that should be speedily passed. The
gentleman from Alabama understands very well
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire only to say one
i word in reply to the gentleman from Illinois, and
: to the gentleman from Kentucky.
I Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If amajor-
| ity of the House want to send the bill to that tomb
; of all the Capulets, the Committee of the Whole
1 on the state of the Union, very well; butit can be
I done as well on the day to which it is proposed
to postpone its further consideration, as it can be
upon this day. I hope, therefore, that the House
what will be the effect of referring the bill to the ii will permit the disposition of the bill to be made
Committee of the Whole on the stateof the Union, ji that I have suggested.
j! Mr. HOUSTON. One word more, and I will
j! detain the House no longer. I desire to reply in
!j brief to the gentleman from Illinois, the chairman
ii of the Committee on Commerce, and the gentle-
man from Kentucky. They say that, unless this
ij bill is kept before the House, and not referred to
'i the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
ii Union, it will cease to command the attention and
ii the action of the House; that otherwise, it will
;i not be reached and disposed of this session. If
i; that be so, and it is to bury a measure forever to
.. refer it to the Committee of the Whole on the state
tee on Commerce, I have some familiarity with | of the Union, why, in the name of common sense,
the bill which ho has just reported. If the bill ,| is not that committee abolished ? Whydowehave
now reported by him resembles the bills formerly j) that committee, if it is of no avail? Why shpuid
acted upon by the Committee on Commerce, I do !j it be recognized by our rules, unless it has some
and so docs the gentleman from Ohio. I think it
will be disposed of with very little debate or dis-
cussion. It is a bill that has been most thoroughly
considered.
Mr. MILLSON. Will the gentleman allow me
a moment ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does the
gentleman from Virginia desire to ask me a ques-
tion ?
Mr. MILLSON. I desire to make a sugges-
tion. My friend from Illinois knows that, from
my former joint service with him on the Commit
not think that it will be practicable to discuss the
bHl in the House, restricted as the House will be
to the consideration of a single amendment, or an
amendment to that amendment, which will either
involve the House in the predicament of allowing
a senseless and tedious discussion to go on on
those two amendments, oi of cutting off all other
amendments by a demand for the previous ques-
tion.
One word more. I agree with the gentleman
from Illinois in thinking that the bill is one of
very great importance and that ought to be speed-
ily and thoroughly considered by the House, and
I think it would well justify its being made a spe-
cial order; but I suggest to the gentleman that he
allow it to go to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, where it can be discussed
with more advantage and profit than it can pos-
siblv be acted on within the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If by the
consent of the House it can lie made a special
oi dei in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, I am certainly very well agreed to
that. All I desire is, that the hill may be in a
position where a majority of the House, if they
desire to pass it, can act upon it.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire, to suggest to the
good purpose to subserve? Abolish it, if it is no
good, and let all the bills of the session take their
chance equally, be made special orders, and have
their only consideration in the House We are
told gravely, in reference to the bill, that to refer
it to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union is to send it to the tomb of all the Cap-
ulets, where, sir, the hand of resurrection will
! never reach it; and I insist, if that be so, the Com-
, mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union is
, an incumbrance instead of a help, and ought to
i be abolished.
! Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I yielded
i only for ail explanation, and not for a speech; and
i I insist on my motion.
! The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the tabic.
! The question was taken; and the motion was
1 agreed to.
: "Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
, in connection with the bill, I desire to introduce
i a resolution, under the direction of the Committee
' on Commerce, and which goes, under the rales,
to the Committee on Printing, that five hundred
copies extra of the bill and report be printed.
Mr. STANTON. Does that resolution come
chairman of the Committee on Commerce, that I !. before the House as a report from the Committee
hope, he will stand by Ins motion, and let the bill on Commerce ?
be made a special oi'der. It is a bill of import- i| Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It does; and
anee, and one that ought to be consid"rrd in the ■ it was adopted this morning. I know what rights
House, and at an early day. That, m my jndg- i 1 have here. The reason forthe resolution is this:
nient, is the only mod'e in'which we can get an- i this, sir, a very important bill, and the ordi-
tion Oil it. I h.ope,theref'o/e, that the gentleman j, nary number of copies has not heretofore been
will insist on bis motion to lay the motion to re- ji found adequate to answer the demands made from
consider upon the table. . 11 every section of the country. It is a bill the pro-
