I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. COLFAX. There is for thoso which have
money in them.
Mr. BRANCH. But for none except those
which have money in them. It is proposed by
this amendment to pass a law, making it obliga-
tory to return dead letters; and it makes an appro-
priation of money for that purpose.
Mr. COLFAX. I 1 lave only attempted to in-
troduce a*rcforni, which will make the Post Office
Department more serviceable to the people; and
I should like to have the sense of the committee
on it, if in accordance with the rules.
Mr. BRANCH. I cannot withdraw my objec-
tion, because it is proposed to employ twelve
additional clerks.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from North
Carolina raises a point of order; and the Chair
thinks the amendment is not m order.
80 the amendment was not received.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee of "Ways
and Means have authorized me to propose the fol-
lowing amendment:
Suiko our of lines four and five, of scction second,
"$S97,Q,21 75," and m lieu thereof, " §7,424 so
that the section will read:
Sec. 2. Ami he it further cnactcd, That if the revenues
of the I'ost Office Department s-h'Ul be irisu!licn'nf \p meet
the appropriations of this act, then the mwi of .$5JK)7,424.
or so much thereof as iw.iy be neeessarj, lie, aitdyflie snme
is hereby, appropriated, to be paid out of any mensey m the
Troa^uiy not otherwise appropiiatcd. to supply *n:ficicncies
In the revenue of the Po^-t Office Dcpartmcnt/'oi the year
ending the 30tli of June, 1861. *
That amendment only makes the appropriation
conform with the amendments of the Committee
of Ways and Means, and of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. QUARLLS. I move to rcduce the ap-
propriation one cent. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means if
this deficit in the postal service for the year end-
ing Junc 30,1861, is according to the estimates of
the Department? ;j
k Mr. SHERMAN. The Department has esti-
mated the deficiency at §o,98S,424. The amount jj
which the commutce report, is a little over jl
$5,000,000, a saving of nearly §1,000,000. |!
Mr. GtUARLES. Of nearly $1,000,000 on the i;
estimates? ij
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir. ii
Mr. GLUARLES. I am opposed to providing
in advance for these deficiencies when we do not
actually know what the deficit is to be, or whether
there is to be any deficit at all. In order to make
a deficit, in order to insure that a deficicncy will
arise, this bill provides for it. The Department
will be sure to spend all the money you give them
the right to spend. That is our experience. As
we would have three or four months after the
next meeting of Congress to provide for any de-
ficiency that may occur, I do not sec the use of
providing for it here in advance.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have appropriated m
detail a little more than fifteen million six hundred
and sixty-five thousand dollars for the service of
the Post Office Department foi the next fiscal
year. The estimated revenue of the Department
is $8,618,000, making, with other revenue, the
aggregate estimated levenue of $9,676,000. Ac-
cording to the estimate of the Department, the
deficit would be £5,988,000; but, by reducing the
amount of service and the amount appropriated
for the service, we have reduced the deficit. But
there will be a deficit, we know, as sure as fate,
because, under the existing law, the Post Office
service will cost about fifteen million dollars, ac-
cording to the contracts. Therefore it cannot be
reduced moie than a certain amount each year.
Change these laws, and make a radical reform in
the Post Office Department. The estimated re- |i
ceipts must be deducted from the estimated ex- jj
penditurc-s, and the deficit must be provided for; :j
otherwise the contractors and others m the service i!
of the Department cannot be paid. My plan in ji
regard to this matter is radical. 1 submitted it !!
in the early part of the session, and 1 hope yet
to see it a law. That is, to strike down the whole ji
postal service, and let it out to express companies j|
who are willing to undertake it, at a saving to the \\
Government of four or five million dollars a year.
That is a perfectly feasible project, and, if carried
out, it wiil relieve Congress from the necessity , i
of providing for these annual deficits.
Air. &UARLES. If I understand the hon- jj
orablc chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, the entire expense of the postal service of
the country is estimated at $15,000,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. &UARLES. And it is estimated that
&9,867,000 will arise from the postal service itself?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. GLUARLES, Would we have to expend
more than that before we meet here again?
Mr. SHERMAN. Undoubtedly.
Mr. &UARLES. 1 cannot see why the postal
scrvicc cannot be carricd on for $9,000,000 from
July to the first Monday in December next.
Mr. SHERMAN. The deficiency occurs ac-
cording as the year progresses. At the end of each
quarter there is a deficit. We ought to provide for
this, because the second quarter expires before
Congress meets again, and the third quarter ex-
pi res before we can pass another Post Office appro-
priation bill.
Mr. GtUARLES, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. I propose
to amend by striking out ''five" and inserting
" four." 1 think that if $15,000,000 were allowed
to be expended, not a dollar of it would come
back.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. Mr. Chairman,
there seems to be some confusion about this. If I
understand it properly, the first scction of the bill
authorizes and directs certain service to be per-
formed, nuiiIs carried,postmasters paid,&c., alto-
getheramou^itingto an expenditureof$!5,000,000.
We have gone over that in detail, and ordered it
to be done.
Now, this second scction relates to another sub-
ject altogether; that is, to providing the means to
j>ay for the service directed in the first section.
The first section requires $15,000,000 to be ex-
pended. Nine million dollars of it is to come out
of the current receipts of the Department, and we
have authorized the Department to use them.
Where is the Department to get the rest of it?
Take it out uf the Treasury, That is what the
second scction is for—to provide for paying for
the very thing we ordered.
Now, the gentleman from North Carolina pro-
poses to reduce the amount from $5,000,000 to
$4,000,000. If you make thatreduction,you must
cut down the service directed m the first section
to that amount. It will not do here to order work
to be done, and then refuse to pay for it, or refuse
to give the Department means to pay for it. When
you rcduce the one, you must reduce the other,
or else you arc refusing to pay for services which
you direct to be pciformed. This second sec-
tion is not ordering service, but it is telling the
Postmaster General where to get the money to
pay for what is ordered in the first section. I
hope the amendment will be voted down, unless
there be a corresponding reduction mada in the
first section.
The question was taken on Mr. Leach's amend-
ment to the amendment: and it was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Sherman's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I offer the follow-
ing amendment:
At the end of jhc bill add : *
Provided, however, That no part of the suirt^ereby agt
propnated shall be paid to the contractors for carrying one
mails on the loute known as the oveiland mail roVtc fa!5m
St. Louis and Memphis to Sau Francisco, m CaWojana,
until the contiact for the same shall be so changc&gs to
conform to the provisions of law authorizing the estab-
lishment of the same, which permits the contractors to se-
lect their own loute, fiom the Mississippi river to San Fran- ;
ciseo. !
Mr. STOUT. I rise to a question of order. I j
inquire of the Chair whether that amendment is i
in order to an appropriation bill. !
TheCHAIRMAN. In the opinion oftheChair, j
it is in order. !
Mr. STOUT. It seems to me that this is ad- \
ditional legislation. ;
The CHAIRMAN. It seems to be germane to !
the bill, and it docs not propose in terms to change ;
an existing law. ;
Mi. BLAIR, of Missouri. The amendment |
does not provide for any change in the existing !
law. It only requires the Department to conform 1
to existing law. The law which passed the j
Thirty-Fourth Congress, authorizing the estab- j:
lisiimentof this overland mail route, provided that jj
the contractor should select a route from the Mis- |j
sissippi river, across the continent, to San Fran- n
cisco. The Postmaster General, in his report, ad-
mits that nobody bid for the route over which the
overland mail, was compelled to go. Now, sir,it
is well known that this overland mail route trav-
erses in its course a part of Mexico-~-that it geeg
outside of the limits of the United States at one
point. The contractors were forced to take this
route in violation of the act of Congress, and in
violation of their own wishes. The route i&nitw
hundred miles longer than the direct-route across
the continent, from St. Louis, or from sotjie point*
on the Mississippi river, to San Francisco. The
present Administration compelled the contractor
to take this route, no person having bid for it.
The Administration traced out a route and fixed
the intermediate points, while they had no au-
thority to do so, and while the contractors were,
by the law, permitted to select the initial point of
the route. The direct route across the continent
has been demonstrated, by the experience of the
last year, to be the proper route. The pony ex-
press now makes the distance from San Francisco
to St. Joseph in less than ten days, and traverses
a country which ia settled, and which is fast set-
tling up—Kansas Territory, the Pike's Peak
country, and the Territory known as Nevada.
By taking that route, the overland mail company
would find a settled country throughout the emir©
distance, and can perform service at the interme-
diate points; whereas, by going down and making
a circuit of nine hundred additional miles, they
do no service to anybody, because there are no
people living in that region. I trust that the
amendment will be adopted, and thus a rebuke
given to this Administration for violating the ex-
press terms of the law authorizingthe establish-
ment of this mail.
Mr. REAGAN. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman
from Missouri seems to have renewed the war of
the last Congress upon this overland mail route by
way of El Paso and Fort Yuma. I presume it
is now as it was with him in the last Congress.
He comcs forward here and seeks to change a
contract for carrying the mails, entered into with
due forms of law, without the knowledge.or con-
sent of the contractors, or of any one concerned
in the contract, but simply upon hisown motion,
in disregard of the interests of the Government,
in disregard of the wishes and interests of the
contractors themselves, and in disregard of the
best interests of the whole country.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. If the contractors
do not want to change the route, they need not do
it, under this amendment.
Mr. REAGAN. What I mean to say is, that
they are not asking for it. The gentleman is pro-
posing to intermeddle in a thing that nobody asks
him to intermeddle in.
But, sir, I wish to say in regard tt> this route,
that it has now been in operation for some length
of time. The mail has been regularly carried over
it without interruption, winter and summer, with-
in the schedule time, between St. Louis and San
Francisco. It furnishes mail facilities to a large
portion of the intermediate country between the
termini of the route. It supplies the mails along
'northern Texas, through the southern portion of
New Mexico, and up through California, from
the southern boundary to San Francisco. Be-
sides that, after the making of this contract with
Butterfield, the mail route from Indianola, Texas,
by El Paso to San Diego, was abrogated so far as
it passed over the same ground as is covered by
the Butterfield contract; and if the Butteifield
route were changed, it would entirely destroy that
line of mail service across the continent. The
gentleman from Missouri desires to break up the
most important line of mail service, where expe-
rience has demonstrated that the mails are suc-
cessfully carried at every season of the year,
within the schedulctinie,andtransferittoanother
route, where it is known that the mail cannot be
carried with the same regularity, during a portion
of the year, with which it iscarriedon the Butter-
field route.
The gentleman urges that it will supply mail
facilities to a country that is settled up, and to im-
portant settlements. Well, now, I presume that
so far as supplying the settlements on the route
is concerned, the Butterfield route passes through
a portion of country having more important need
for mail service than that which would be passed
through on the route which the gentleman pro-
poses; and, besides that, there are already three
