2842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
mail routes Across the country where he wants
this to go. The gentleman is desirous of taking
away these facilities entirely from northern Texas,
from the entire region of country that we call
Arizona, from the southern portion of New Mex-
ico,and from an importantpartof California, and
of quadrupling the routes across the country from
St. Louis, through the snows of the Rocky
Mountains, to San Francisco. Arizona is rapidly
settling up, and northern Texas was rapidly set-
tling up, until the Indians wore permitted to drive
away the people by continued hostilities. South-
ern California is also settling up quite rapidly.
Those countries are not perhaps settling up quite
as rapidly as the Pike's Peak region, where there
seems to be a cause for settlement at this time;
but arrangements are now being made for fur-
nishing additional mail scrvicc to that country.
Now, sir, I want to say further, in reforcncc to
this contract, that the contract has been entered
into, and it has been decided by the Department
that the Government cannot abrogate it, because
of the peculiar terms of the law under which it
was made. The contractors have established
their stock upon the line. They have stations
where travelers over the line can sleep at the
house of a white man every night, and can have
their meals regularly. It will not be contended
that the same conveniences can be extended to
travelers on the line which the gentleman indi-
cates, and certainly not that a man can travel over
that line in the cold of winter with the same con-
venience that he can travel over the Buttcrficld
route.
i cannot, in five minutes, discuss this question;
but every gentleman who has considered it at all,
must know that there arc most important reasons,
both to the Government and the people, why this
route should not be interfered with in the manner
proposed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I offer the follow-
ing as an amendment to the amendment:
Awl provided, Thai ifa.ud eon tractors shall choose "omc
other than the route upon winch they now perform the ser-
vice, their annual pay shall be reduced to fg.w 5,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment to the
amendment is certainly out of order. It not only
proposes to changc the law, but to change a con-
tract.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. The gentleman is
mistaken. I will explain it in a moment, if he
will allow me.
Mr. SHERMAN. My only object is to facil-
itate business. I do not suppose that either of the
amendments will be adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the Chair,
the amendment to the amendment is in order.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. The amendment of
my colleague [Mr. Blair] will authorize Butter-
field & Co. to choose any one point on the Mis-
sissippi river, and run the mail through to San
Francisco. I agree with him that that is the law.
They, however, made a contract under that law
with the Postmaster General to run two routes
part of the way. They are running-^coming cast-
ward—from Fort Smith, in Arkansas, to Mem-
phis, Tennessee,and to St. Louis, Missouri. My
colleague's amendment, if adopted, will allow
them to dispense with running one of those
branches. They are now paid $600,000 for run-
ning from the Mississippi on these routes to San
Francisco.
My object in offering this amendment is to
bring Butterficld & Co. down to the compensation
■which, according to my recollection, they offered
to do it for originally. They never asked for
$600,000 to run the route from St. Louis to San
Francisco if they could be permitted to select their
own route. My recollection is, that they bid for
carrying the mail from some point on the Missis-
sippi river to San Francisco for $575,000 per an-
num. But the Postmaster General contracted to
give them $600,000 if they would carry it by a
particular route, and by two branches from the
main stem terminating at St. Louis and Memphis;
the latter running some four or five hundred miles
through Arkansas and Texas. I propose to pay
them what they originally proposed to do it for.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I believe the state-
ment of my colleague is correct. In regard to the
sum, I do not know whether he stated the exact
amount for which they bid or not, but it is near
enough for my purpose. Their bid was to take
the mail from one point on the Mississippi river
to San Francisco, for a less sum than the Post-
master General contracted to pay them, on con-
dition of their taking the mail from St. Louis to
Memphis.
Now, sir, I desire to say, in reply to the gentle-
man from Texas, that this amendment which I
have offered does not compel these contractors to
change their route; it only carries out the law .is
passed by Congress, which has been violated by
the Postmaster General, and allows them to carry
it from such pointontheMississippiriverasthey
select, and carry it to San Francisco by their own
route. The Administration chose to violate this
law, and compel the contractors to take it by this
route, going nine hundred miles out of the way
to supply Arizona, which is already supplied by
the routes of which the gentleman has just spoken,
which went from Texas to El Paso, and from
thence to San Diego; thus supplying the south-
ern part of New Mexico. But, sir, New Mexico
is separated from this route by a desert some two
or three hundred miles, if I mistake not, in width,
and ninety miles of which docs not contain a
human being. And Arizona, of which we have
hoard so much, and of which so little has come
here in any reliable shape about its inhabitants,
is to be supplied by this route.
Now, we do know that at different points, by
this route across the continent, there are large
settlements of our people requiring mail facilities.
But the main point is to make the Administration
conform to the law, and rebuke them when they
violate it;and that they did violate it is sufficiently
shown by reference to the debates in the other
branch of Congress at the time of the passage of
the law. Senator Gwin, of California, and Sen-
ator Rusk, of Texas, both declared that, in their
opinion, this bill would enable the contractors to
selcct their own routes across the continent. One
of them used the expression that money would
make the route; meaning that the contractors, if
left to themselves, would- select the route over
which they could carry the mail most cheaply,
advantageously, and quickly. But the Admin-
istration, for the purpose of directing emigration
in that direction towards the south to Arizona,
or for other purposes best known to themselves,
chose to enforce upon these contractors a dif-
ferent contract, anu to insist upon carrying the
mail ovci a route nine hundred miles greater in
length.
Now, 1 deny that there is any proof, or that
the gentleman from Texas has adduced any, that
the mail can be carried over this route with greater
security any portion of the year than by any other
route. 1 believe it can be carried more expedi-
tiously by any other route than by the one adopted
by the Postmaster General. There was no bid
at all for this route, although there were bids for
every other mute across the continent; and there
was no bid for it because the contractois knew
it would cost more to carry it by this than by any
other route. I trust this House will see that such
a law i^ passed as shall compel the Department
to comply with its provisions.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I do not desire to debate
this amendment; but I wish to say to the House
that we were three days last year'in discussing
these routes. We have not the time to go into
any further discussion of them now; and I trust
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means will assist me in going back to the House
and closing debate upon this section of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Make the motion yourself.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move, then, that the
committee rise.
Mr. REAGAN. I want to state one fact right
here.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate can only be in-
dulged in by unanimous consent.
Mr. REAGAN. I will not occupy a minute.
I want merely to state that these gentlemen, who
are now so anxious to destroy our mail facilities,
already have routes from Keosho to Albuquerque,
$17,000; from St. Joseph to Salt Lake, §100,000;
from Kansas City to Stockton, $79,000; and others
which I will not take up the tune of the commit-
tee now to name-
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. That did not just-
ify the Department in violating a law of Con-
gress.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for a vote on the mo-
tion that the committee rise.
Mr. STOUT. 1 hope the committee will allow
me to oiler an amendment, which is made neces-
sary by a bill already passed, and to which there
can be no objection.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I will state to the gentle-
man from Oregon that ho can offer his amendment
after debate shall have been closed. The effect
will not be to preclude the offering of any amend-
ment whatever.
Mr. Crawford's motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the Post
Office appropiiation bill, and had come to no res-
olution thereon.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Under the new rule, I
am entitled to move that ail debate on the second
section of the bill now under consideration in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
be closed. I make that motion, stating simply
that it will not cut off amendment, the object
being only to preclude debate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resowed itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Dawks
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
House bill No. 564, making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department for the year
ending June 30, 1861; the question being on Mr.
Blair's amendment, as amended.
Mr. SCOTT. Is the amendment debatable?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
The question was taken; and the amendment
to the amendment was agreed to. t
Mr. KUNICEL. I move ihe following amend-
ment to the amendment, as amended:
*$nd provided farther, That in case the rontractors con-
sent to change the route aforesaid, the Postmacter General
may, in his discretion, awaid the said overland mail ser-
vice to the same or sueli other contiactors as may offer to
carrj the s,ame. most cheaply.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
I will say only one word on that amendment.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I object.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not want to
debate this amendment, but merely to remind the
House that the Attorney General of the United
States has decided that this contract cannot be
annulled.
The question was taken; and the amendment
to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, demanded tellers on
the amendment,as amended.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Wisdom, and
Mr. Craig of Missouri, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the amendment,
as amended, was rejected; the tellers having only
reported—ayes fifty-two; noes not counted.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move the following amend-
ment, to come in as the third section of the bill.
It is made necessary by the adoption of a preced-
ing; amendment.
The Clerk read, as follows:
That the Postmaster General he, and he ii hereby, au-
thorized to cau'-e the mails to h,^ transported between the
United States and any foreign portorpoits, or between any
port of the United States and any other poit of the United
States touching at a foreign port, by steamship, allowing
and paying therefor, if by an American vessel, the sea and
United States inland postage, and if by a foreign vessel, the
sea postage only, on the mail &o conveyed : Provided, That
preference be always given to an American over a foreign
steamship, when departing from the same port to the same
destination, within three days of each other.
Mr. SHERMAN. That amendment does not
change existing law, except in that it provides
for a route where the termini are in the United
States, but where itpasses through a foreign juris-
diction.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. STOUT. I offer the following amendment:
Jliid be it further enacted, That so much of the appiopri-
ation for inland mail service as is piovided for the tran^-
poitauon of mails trom San Fianeisco to Puget Sound, via
Astoria, in Oiegon, shall be applied to the transportation of
said mails by land to Olynipia whenever by law such ser-
vice shall be piovided in lieu of ocean seivice.
