954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
visions of which arc inquired into and examined
by commercial men generally.
Tiie resolution was received; and, under the
rules, it was referred to the Committee on Print*
ing.
SHADE CALLOWAY.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask to make a suggestion
in reference to a private bill, whiqli was referred,
a short time ago, to the'Committee on Commerce.
It is a bill which I introduced a few days ago,
and which was read a first and second time. It
has heretofore passed the House by a large ma-
jority, and it passed the Senate, excepting the last
reading. It appropriates the sum of $1,300; which
would have been paid if the appropriations had
not been exhausted. I ask that the bill be now
taken up and disposed of; for I do not see how
there can be any objection to it.
Mr. WASHBUllNE, of Illinois. In answcr
to the suggestion of the gentleman from Tennes-
see, I will say that the bill to which he refers in-
volves an appropriation; and, under the rules, it
must go to a Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar. I have reported the bill
three times; and I fully agree with the gentleman
in what he has stated in regard to its merits. It
must, however, go, for its first consideration, to a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar; the rules demand that.
MESSES. ROGERSOX & SON.
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
I am directed by the Committee 011 Commerce to
move that the following letter and accompanying
papers, addressed to me by the Secretary of State,
be referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed:
Department of Stati:, Washington,
February os, 18t>0.
Sir: I have the honor to invite your attention to the in-
closed copy of a correspondence winch lias taken placc
between this Department and her Britannic M.ijCsU '.•> Le-
gation in this city, relative to the olaun ot Messrs. Roger-
son & Son, of Newfoundland, on the Government of the
United States, for services rendered by their brig Jessie to
the crew of the American packet ship Noitliumbcrland, in
the month of December. 1857.
The leading tacts of the case appear to be these: The
Jessie, bound fiom Liveipool to Newfoundland,fell in with
the Northumberland at sea, in a foundering state. The
crew and passengers of the latter were transferred on boaid
of the Jessie, at considerable hazard. The Jessie then put
back to Cork, thus incurring certain expenses, and a delay
which, it is alleged, prevented a voyage on the spring seal-
fishing, to which she was destined, and which is of a lu-
crative character. For these disbursements and contingent
profits lost, the pioprictors of the Jessie believe themselves
entitled to some compensation trom this Government; and
her Majesty's Government, behoving that some, at least,
of the passengers of the Noithumbeilaud were British « ub-
jects, has signified its willingness, it the Government of the
United States should be enabled by Congress to acknowl-
edge and settle the claim of the owners of the Jessie, to
rotund to thi^ Government a sum bcarnic the same propoi-
tion to the whole claim which Ihc number of British pas-
sengeis saved from the Northuinbeiland may have borne
to the the total number saved, including both passengers
and new.
It will be noticed that the estimated loss resulting fiom
the humane conduct of the capt.nn ot the J°«hie amounts
to $7,78* 7.5. The expediency of appropnating this sum,
or so much thereof as shall be necessary, to indemnify
Messrs. Rogerson & .Son, is suggested for the consideration
ot the committee.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, sir, your obedi-
ent servant, LEWIS CASS.
lion. c. 13. w ashbtjrne, Chairman of the Committee on
Commerce oj the House of Representatives.
List of accompanying papers.
Lord Napier to Mr. Cass, (with accompaniments,) 15th
March, 185b, copy.
Mr. Cass toLoid Napier, 19th March, 1858.
Lotd Napier to Mr ('ass, (with accompaniments.) 7th
September, 1858
Mr. Cass to Lord Napier, 9th September, 1858.
Loid N.ipiei to Mr. C.i.-s, 13th Februaiv, 1859, copy.
Mi. Cass to Lord Napier, l" th Februaiy, 1659, copy.
Lord Lvons to Mr. Cass, (with an accompaniment.) 20th
April, 1859, copy.
Mr. Ca s to Lord Lyons, 22d April, 3859, copy.
Loid Lyons to Mi. Cass, 28th November, 1859, copy.
Mr. Cass to Lord Lyons, 99th November, 1859. copy.
Loid Lyons to Mr. Cass, 5th December, 1859, copy.
Mr. Cass to Lord Lyons, 6th December, 1859, copy.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
GEOLOGICAL SURVEY OF NEW MEXICO.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
a bill was referred lo the Committee on Commerce '
(H. Ii. No. 197) providing for a geological sur-
vey of New Mcxico; and I am directed by that
committee, as it has not jurisdiction of that ques-
tion, to move that it be discharged from the
further consideration of that bill, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
CLERKS TO COMMITTEES.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am directed
by the Committee on Commerce to submit the
following resolution: .
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be author-
ized to employ a clerk, at a compensation of four dollars
per day while actually employed.
- Mr. GROW. I ask the gentleman to permit
me to move-an amendment.
Mr. BURNETT. That subject has not been
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and,
therefore, that committee has no right to report on
the subject. I object to the resolution, for it is
one, I conceive, that cannot be brought here as a
report from that committee.
Mr. GROW. This has been the usual course.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
report is in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I accept the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
and I demand the previous question.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not understand this
matter. The gentleman from Illinois, chairman
of the Committee on Commerce, holds the floor,
and, moving his resolution, permits the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to submit an amendment 
Mr. GROW. The gentleman from Illinois ac-
cepted my amendment.
Mr. NOELL. By -what authority under the
lules can the gentleman from Illinois accept a
modification of the report of a committee ?
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman submits his
resolution as the report of the Committee on Com-
merce, and he cannot of course accept any modi-
fication of that report.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the gentleman from Illinois submits his report,
and that he vields to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Grow,] to offer his amendment,
and that he then calls for the previous question.
The Chair holds that to be in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to this question of
order: the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce made a report from that committee by'its
order. Now, sir, he cannot modify that report
by accepting any amendment of it. It is the order
of the committee, and it must appear before the
House as they adopted it. It cannot be changed
under the rules except by a vote of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds that the
point of order raised by the gentleman from Ala-
bama is undoubtedly right; but there is no mod-
ification; the gentleman from Illinois yielded, as
the Chair understands it, to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, who moved his amendment, and
that then the gentleman from Illinois called fpr
the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to another point of
order. If the gentleman from Pennsylvania moves
an amendment providing for the employment of
clerks to other committees than the Committee on
Commerce, I hold that that amendment is not in
order to the report of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, for the reason that it is not
germane. I hold, sir, that each proposition must
come tip separately, and be disposed of upon its
own merits.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Debate is
not in order, for the previous question has been
called.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the Chair to decide my
question of order, which is this: that the Com-
mittee on Commerce, not having that subject re-
ferred to it, cannot report the resolution which
has been presented. That committee, I hold, can-
not dignify this resolution into a regular report.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman will permit me, I will tell him that by
looking at the report of our proceedings during the
last Congress, he will find that the course here
proposed was exactly the onethea adopted. The
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
General Quitman, moved, as a report from (hat
committee, the adoption of a resolution author-
izing thatcommittee to employ a cierk during his i
actual seivice at a salary of four dollars a day. 1
Then an amendment *was offered by the gentle-
man from Illinois, my late colleague, (Mi. Har-
ris,) including certain other committees. The
same point of order was raised then that is raised
now; but the Speaker overruled the point of order,
and the amendment was agreed to; and the reso-
lution, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. BURNETT. That may be true, and yet
the ruling of that Speaker wrong.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the amendment to the resolution is m order.
Mr. BURNETT. I appeal to the gentleman
from Illinois to withdraw his demand for the pre-<
vious question, in order that I may offer an
amendment.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think it is
time this matter was disposed of in some way,
and, therefore, I must decline to withdraw the
previous question.
Mr. GROW. I hope the resolution and amend-
ment may be read, so that members may know
what they are to vote on.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be author-
ized to employ a clerk, at a compensation of four dollars a
day while actually employed.
The amendment was read, as follows:
After the word" Commerce" insert" Elections,Foreign
Affairs, Teiritories, Military Affairs, Post Office and Post
Roads, Judiciary, Jnvalid Pensions, Naval Afiairs, Public
Lands, and Accounts, be each."
Mr. GROW. These are the same committees
that were authorized to employ clerks last Con-
gress, with the exception of the Committee of
Accounts. That is added.
Mr. BURNETT. Do I understand the Chair
to decide that the gentleman from Illinois has a
right to offer a resolution, coming as a report
from a committee, asking for the employment of
a clerk, and that to that report, if it be one, the
gentleman from Pennsylvania can offer an amend-
ment, covering, I believe, nine other committees,
giving to them clerks also ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That was
precisely the action of the last Congress.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
such an amendment is in accordance with the
practice of the House, and therefore he decides
the amendment in order. The question is on sec-
onding the demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question being on agreeing to the amend-
ment,
Mi. HOUSTON called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DE JARNETTE. I desire to amend the
resolution by adding the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
The SPEAKER. No further amendment is
now in order.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 104, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Aid-
rich, Alley, William C. Anderson,' Babbitt, Bingham,
Clan, Blake, Biaj'ton, Bnjrgs, Biistow, Buffinton, Bur-
Inigamo, Bumham, Hutterfield, Campbell, Carey, Case,
John B. Clark, Clemens. Colfax, Corvvm, Covode, James
Ciaig, Curtis, H. Winter Davis, Dawes, i)e Jarnette, Dunn,
Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Floienee, Foster, French, Gilmer,
Gooch, Graham, Gio'w, Guiley, Hall, J. Morton Hairis,
liclmiek, Hickman, Humphiey, Hutchins, Irvine, Junkin,
"Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, DeWitt C. Leach,
Lee, Longnecker, Loomis, Lovejoy, Mallory, Marston,
Cnarlcs D. Martin, MclCeau, Millward, Moorhead. Edward
Joy Morns, Morse, Nixon, Ohn. Perry, Potter, Pottle, Rey-
nolds, Rico, Christopher Jtobinson, Ttoycc, Schwartz, Scott
Sedgwick, Sherman. Sickles, Somes. Spauldmg, Spmner,
Stanton, Stevens, William Stewart, Stokes, Stout,, Tap-
pan, Thayer, Tompkins, Train, Tumble, Vandevcr, Van
Wyck, Yerrec, Waldton, Walton, Oadwalader C. Wash-
burn, Elhhu B. Washhurne, Israel Washburn, Wells, Wil-
son, Windom, Wood, and Woodruff—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Thomas* L. Anderson, A&hmore, Avery,
Barkfdale, Baii-ptr, Boyce, Biabson, Branch, Burnett, Car-
ter, Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cox, Buiton Craige,
Crawfoid, David>son, John G. Davis, Reuben Davis, Edger-
ton, Edmund^on, English, Etheridge, Farns>worth, Gar-
tiell, Hamilton, John T. Harris Hatton, Ilindman, Hoard,
Holman, Houston, Howard, Jones, Killinger, Landrum,
J^arrabee, James M. Leach, Loake, Lo<*an, Love, Maclay,
Elbert S. Martin, Mavnard, Mcpherson, McUucen, Mill-
son, Sydenham Moore, Isaac N. Moms, Nelson, Niblack,
Noell, Pendleton, Peyton, Porter, Pugn, tluarles, Reagan,
Riggtf, James C. Robinson, Rulfin, Snnms, Singleton, Wil-
liam N. H. Smith, Stall worth, Stevenson, Thomas, Under-
wood, Vallandigham, Vance, Webster, Winslow, and
Wright—13.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the call,
Mr. WALTON stated that Mr. Morrill was
paired off with Mr. Phelps.
Mr. ALLEN asked leave to vote
