1898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
tive slave is not required to be decided by a judicial
agent. Then, sir, where is tlic objection to the
act of !&>()?
Mr. Chairman, accepting the explanations of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hick-
man,] 1 beg" leave to say a word or two on the
statement he has just mibmitted'to the House. He
says his complaint was, that three million men
at the North, while they are called upon to aid in
the execution of the fugitive slave law, arc at the
same time denied equality by the South in the
protection of their labor and industry.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I want to
understand the gentleman; and I am sure that he
wants to understand me. 1 inquired whether the
act of 1850 did not make a certificate of these dep-
utized agents so conclusive that a writ of habeas
corpus from another court did not he to review it.
1 understood the gentleman to say that it might
be reviewed.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 am happy that the gentle-
man reminded me of the point. I am not willing
to icst upon the statement I have made, for it may
he misunderstood. When I said that no magistrate,
that no judge, could exercise that power so as to
pievent the issuing of the writ of habeas corpus, I
did not mean to be understood as saying that it is
competent for a judge who issues a habeas corpus
to investigate a matter which has been decided
hi tore by a competent tribunal.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. What is
the use, then, of the writ of habeas corpus?
Mr. MILLSON. Its simple use is to inquire
whether <i man is detained in custody by compe-
tent authority.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. By legal
authority.
Mr. MILLSON. No, sir, by competent au-
thority.
Mr* STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. 1 will read
thai portion of tin- act of 1850 to which I referred:
" Ami the certificate- in thi<* and the fh-t f-cction men-
tioned shall Iv conclusive of the riehtof the pemm or per-
son- m who-e (<nui in anted, to icmovc Mich fugitive to the
^t.ite or Tei i nor; woni which ho escaped, and shall prevent
ul! mole nation oi such per on or pcr-oiw by any piocc^ -
i^ued h\ any eouu, judge, mngiNtiaie, or other person
whom^oevei. 
Will the gentleman inform me whether there was
any such provision in the act of 1793? Because,
when I conceded the constitutionality of the act
of J793, 1 did not suppose I was thereby con-
ceding the constitutionality of the clause which I
have now rend, and I am sure the gentleman, who
l* candid m all his statements, will toll me how he
reconciles this matter
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania must surely he aware that whether this
clause is to be found in the act of 179!> or not, is
a matter of the smallest possible consequence, and
the addition of the clause to i lie act ot JtSoOis of as
little consequence, because th( re are certain things
ahvavs understood, wheihei they be expressed or
j.ot; and among those things which cue always
understood, is the right of every judicial officer,
outhoii/.ed by i;iw to issue the writ of habeas cor-
pus at all, to issue that writ on the demand of all
persons. Sn, a man sentenced to execution may
at any time demand the writ of habeas corpus and
require that he shall he brought before some judge
having authority to issue such a writ—for what
purpose ? That the judge may review the sentence
of the judge by which the man is sentenced to ex-
ecution ? Assuredly not; but only that he may
inquire whethci he is held in imprisonment by
competent nuthorit)'. That is all.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Still that
do"? not answer th^ question whether the act of
1793 made the certificate of th - magistrate so con-
clusne that the writ of hubra* corpus could not jjo
beyond it. I htsve issued more than twenty writs
of dt komine replegiando, and liberated the par-
ties.
Mr. MILLSON. What the gentleman may
have done m his capacity of attorney at law 1
cannot undertake to say: but one thing I ventuie
to affirm, and that is, that if he ever sued out a
writ de homvie rcplegiamfo, or any other writ of
habeas corpus, am] induced any judicial functionary
in the State of Pennsylvania or elsewhere to re-
view the decision of a justice of the peace who had
given his oeitifieate to the claimant of the slave,
he, by Ins professional adroitness or eloquence,
induced that judge to make a wrong decision.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I have set j
twenty-nine men free in that way. !
Mr. MILLSON. I would not myself, a Rep-
resentative from Virginia, have offered such a re-
flection upon the judicial character of the judges
of Pennsylvania.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I again state
to the gentleman that I have, according to my rec-
ollection, set twenty-nine persons free, under three
different judges, all of whom were but little infe-
rior to the common justices'-courts of Virginia.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MILLSON. As the gentleman concedes
their inferiority, though in a small degree, I will
not press that point any further. [Laughter.]
But, to resume my argument. I say the object
of issuing the writ of habeas corpus is simply to
determine upon the legality of the imprisonment;
that is, whether the party is detained by compe-
tent authority.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman will pardon me if I again interrupt him.
The gentleman knows that, by the English law,
except in particular cases, the writ of habeas cor-
pus allows the judge to inquire into the facts upon
which the imprisonment lakes place, as well as
into the regularity of the detention.
Mr. MILLSON. I am not so informed. I
tell the gentleman I can hardly imagine that any
judge, issuing a writ of habeas corpus, was ever
allowed to go into an inquiry of the sufficiency of
the judgment of the committing justice. He is
simply to determine whether the party is in con-
finement by the sentence of a court of competent
jurisdiction. Thus, if a man be imprisoned by
the judgment of a court-martial, he may obtain a
writ, of habeas corpus; but the very moment the
judge ascertains that he is detained by legal or
competent authority, he remands him to impris-
onment. A man may be committed by a justice
of the peace upon a charge of robbery or murder,
and the judge may believe the evidence to be in-
sufficient, but he cannot discharge him, simply
because he is m confinement upon the judgment
of a court of competent jurisdiction.
Therefore it is 1 say that if, after the decision
of the commissioner, rendering to the master the
fugitive slave, an application is made for a wiit,
and upon the return of the writ the judge is satis-
fied lliat he has been committed legally by the
commissioner, he cannot review the proof, for
that would make a controversy perpetual. There
would never be an end of controversy if every
judge could review the decision of every magis-
trate or judge who has adjudicated the case, and
has full authority to do so under the laws.
I intended to speak only ten or fifteen minutes,
and I regret to detain the committee so long at
this late hour; but I wish to say something to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, who has explained
that his complaint against the South as a South
was, that while they call upon three million adult
working men at the North to aid in recapturing
fugitive slaves, they have denied the North that
protection to their labor which that gentleman
thinks is so imperatively demanded. Sir, it may
be very convenient for a Representative from
Pennsylvania to seek to alarm the geographical
prejudices of that old Commonwealth by repre-
senting the doctrine of free trade as finding favor
only at the South. But I beg leave to suggest
to that gentleman that the policy which is main-
tained by the Representatives of the South, or a
part of them—for I am sorry to say they arc by
no means unanimous on that question—is one
which ought not to be peculiar to the South, hut
one winch belongs to every northern State, in a
greater or less degree, as it does to every south-
ern State.
What does the gentleman say of Illinois, In-
diana, Ohio, Wisconsin,and Iowa? Are they the
South? Have they noiuterest in an anti-protective
policy? Why, sir, I undertake to say, and I say
it here boldly and without fear of successful con-
tradiction by cither of the gentlemen from Penn-
sylvania, that this policy of protection is almost as
much at variance with thu true interests of Penn-
sylvania herself as with those of the southern
States. Sir, I may even go fuither than that, and
say that I do not believe this policy of protection
to be necessary or advantageous even to the in-
terests of those men who are designed to be pro-
tected. I am clear in the statement that the inter-
ests of the whole Commonwealth of Pennsylvania
would be better promoted by the establishment of
the free-trado policy. I do not mean by that a sys-
tem of direct taxation; but I mean a system of
imposts which has reference to the revenue alone,
and not at all to the protection of domestic manu-
factures. There are many consumers in Pennsyl-
vania. The citizens of Pennsylvania are farmers
and mechanics and professional men. They are
not all iron masters. They are not all laborers
under iron masters. And I say that to tax the
people of Pennsylvania at large, for the interest
of those only who are immediately connected with
the manufacturing interests, is a policy against
which the whole people of Pennsylvania should
rise up in stern opposition.
When I say that I am not sure it would even
aid the interests of those who are intended to be
protected by it, I say so because the usual effect a
of protection is to give an opportunity to certain
persons to engage in pursuits in which they could
not profitably engage without such protection.
Iron masters, even with protection, do not secure
to themselves a larger rate of profit than do per-
sons engaged in other pursuits. Competition will
always reducc the rate of profit. The only effect
of legislative protection is to secure to a man en-
gaged in some unprofitable pursuit the same in-
come that he would receive from some other em-
ployment.
But I understood the allusion of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania,and it confirms me m the sup-
position that I have indulged for some time past
as to the objects of the Republican party, with
which the gentleman is avowedly associated.
What is that party? Sir, I say, for one, that I
do not fear the Republican party in any of its as-
saults upon slavery. I am not sensitive; because
I do notfear you, gentlemen. You can do nothing
that I dread. Youwilldo nothing thatcan alarm
me.
No, gentlemen, your party is one—and I say it
without disrespect; I say it in good temper; I
say it because I can find no milder synonym to
express my meaning; but I say that the Republi-
can party is a party of false pretenses. You are
organized oil the anti-slavery sentiment of the
country. You believe that the anti-slavery sen-
timent of the country will give you strength and
power, and lead you on to office. Your real
object is to drain the Treasury with your magnifi-
cent schemes of internal improvement, and to
oppress the industrial interests of the country by
your protective taxation. Under the pretext of
warring against slavery, your real end and aim is
to revive the old Federal policy of the country; and
this you do because, after many trials of strength
with the Democratic party, you know you will
be overwhelmed in any open, direct, avowed con-
test between Federalism and Democracy. You
have invited into your ranks many free-trade men,
by holding out to them the idea of some legislation
on the subject of slavery—you have not told them
what; you cannot tell them what. You have told
them but one thing; and that.one thing you know
is of impossible accomplishment. You tell them
that your sole object is to exclude slavery from
the Territories of the United States.
I do not charge you with keeping concealed
other designs which you dare not avow, or which
you do not think it good policy to avow. You
know there is nothing else which, as a party, you
have the power to do. But you have told them
that, becausc you could not tell them anything
else. There was nothing else you could promise
them that you would ever be able to do; and that
you know you have not now the ability to do.
When your legions were arrayed in compact
order, some few months ago, a flash of lightning
from the Supreme Court played along your ranks
and dashed your weapons to the ground. You
know it. You know that, if you pass such a law
as you promise the people you may have the abil-
ity to pass, it would simply be set at naught by
the judgment of the judicial tribunals of the coun-
try. And yet you maintain your organization,
hoping that the strong anti-slavery sentiment
which yon attempt to nourish and perpetuate will
induce the people to remain with you, bound to-
gether as a Republican party; and when you are
lifted into power, then you will give that pro-
tection to northern manufacturing and mining
interests, and prosecute those grand and gaudy
