1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Mr. SHERMAN. That amendment ought to
be adopted.
The question was taken*, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. SPINNER. If this committee he in favor
of reforms, it will adopt the amendment I offer.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That from and after
the 30th day of June, 1862, ihe Post Office Department, and
everything thereto appertaining, and all laws relating there-
to, are hereby totally abolished and annulled.
Mr. SHERMAN. I make the point that the
amendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains 4he
point of order, and rules the amendment out of
order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the bill be lai'd
aside, to be reported to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the House do
now proceed with the consideration of House bill
No. 217, making appropriations for the construc-
tion, preservation, and repairs of certain fortifica-
tions, and other works of defense, for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1861.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the first read-
ing of the bill be dispensed with, and that it bo
now read by sections for amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly House bill
No. 564, making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department during the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1861, which he was di-
rected to report back to the House with sundry
amendments; and also, that it had under consid-
eration House bill No, 217, making appropria-
tions for the construction, preservation, and re-*
pairs of certain fortilications, &nd other works of
defense, for the year ending June 30, 1861, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined, and
found truly enrolled, bills of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 228) for the relief of Valentine
Wehrheim;
An act (S. No. 426) to disolve the Washington's
Manual Labor School and Male Orphan Asylum
Society of the District of Columbia, and to au-
thorize the transfer of its cffects to the Columbian
Institution for the instruction of the Deaf and
Dumb and the Blind; and
An act (S. No. 385) to incorporate the pro-
prietors of Prospect Hill Cemetery.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move that all debate term-
inate on House bill No. 217, within five minutes
after its consideration is resumed in the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
ARMY BILL.
Mr. STANTON. Before that motion is put
I will move that the Senate amendments to the
Army appropriation bill be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly; it ought to be
done. 1 supposed it had been done.
The motion was agreed to.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that it would be well now, before going into the
committee, to dispose of the Post Office appro-
priation bill, reported from the Committee of the
Wnole with amendments.*
Mr. StlERMAN. 1 have no objection to that,
and 1 call the previous question upon the amend-
ments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and, under the
operation thereof, the several amendments of the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
(with the exception of the second and eighth,
upon which separate votes were asked,) were
agreed to in gross.
Tellers were demanded on the second amend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffinton
and John Cochrane were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes seventy-eight; noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The eighth amendment was read, as follows:
At the end of line thirty-five, winch was lor miscellaneous
payments, §150,000, add the following:
And it u* hereby-made the duty of the Postmaster Gen-
eral to accompany his annual estimate, each year, with a
detailed statement of disbursements under this head the
preceding year.
Mr. SHERMAN. In reference to that eighth
amendment, which was offered by the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,] 1 understand he
desires to modify it, so as to make it conform to
an amendment which was offered last session.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. By unanimous
consent, 1 will offer the following, in lieu of that
amendment, differing from it only in phraseology:
Provided, That it shall be the duty of the Postmaster Gen-
eral to furnish to Congress, in his annual report, on the first
Monday of December next, and ot each and every year there-
alter, a detailed statement of the expenditure made under
the head of u miscellaneous payments j?> and that it shall
not be lawful to uie any of the money hereby appropriated
for the defense of suits brought against officers of the Post
Office Department for malfeasance, misfeasance, or non-
feasance m office, or for acts committed by them under cojor
of law, and in derogation of the rights of citizens.
No objection being made, the substitution was
made.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire simply to
say that the Post Office books embrace all these
items; and the publication of them might really
prejudice the public service. Members of Con-
gress can always have access to them at the De-
partment.
Mr. HOWARD^ of Michigan. The Depart-
ment has sent to me, since my amendment was
offered, a request that that very language, word
for word, should be embodied in the bill. As
they desired to have it in that very shape, I &ut
it out of the bill of last year.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I would say to the gen-
tleman from Virginia, that the gentleman from
Michigan and myself were appointed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Mcaus to inquire in reference
to this matter at the Post Office Department, and
thattheDepartmcnt agreed upon thisamendmcnt.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed, and read a third tune; and, beiag en-
1 grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsidcr the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that House bill
No. 217, making appropriations for the construc-
tion, preservation, and repairs of certain fortifica-
tions, and other works of defense, for the year
ending June 30, 1861, be made the special order
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to; and the House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr, Kellogg,
of Illinois, m the chmr,) and proceeded to the
consideration of the bill (II. R. No. 217) making
appropriations for the construction, preservation,
and repairs of certain fortifications, and other
works of defense, for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1861.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the first reading
of the bill be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk then commenced the reading of the
bill by clauses, for amendment.
Mr. MARSTON. I move to insert, after line
nine, the following words: f
For rebuilding Fort Constitution, Portsmouth harbor, 1
New Hampshire, $75,000.
This appropriation was asked for for the pur-
pose of constructing a fortification for the defense
of the navy-yard, and public property thereon,
at Kittery, Maine. According to the Estimate of
the resident engineer, the property liable to de-
struction is worth §2,600,000, consisting of ship-
houses, ships upon the stocks, timber, and mili-
tary and naval stores of various kinds.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I rise to a
point of order. It is, that this is a new work, and
therefore an appropriation for it cannot be intro-
duced in this appropriation bill. It is not for an
old fort, but for building a new one.
Mr. MARSTON. It is for the erection of a
fort upon the site of a fort in existence, and to
rebuild and enlarge it. It is precisely in the same
way in which all works of this sort have hereto-
fore been provided for. There is a law providing
for its existence, and it has been in existence fifty
years.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Is there any
fort there ?
Mr. MARSTON. There is, and has been for
fifty years.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Has it not
been divested of guns?
Mr. MARSTON. Never.
The CHAIRMAN. On the statement of the
gentleman from New Hampshire, the Chairthinks
the amendment is in order.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I rise to a point of order,
which I think will cover this question. It is, that
this is a general appropriation bill,and, there being
no existing law authorizing the building and con-
structing a fort at that point, the gentleman cannot
offer his amendment to this general appropriation
bill.
Mr. MARSTON. That is the same point.
The CHAIRMAN. The substance of the ar-
gument of the gentleman from Georgia is that
made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania. The
opinion of the Chair is, that the amendment is in
order.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. MARSTON. I wish to say a single word
upon the appeal. I am informed, at the Navy De-
partment, that this is precisely the way in which
such works have been provided for years.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is the fort now
there occupied by any military force of the Uni-
ted States?
Mr. MARSTON. By one sergeant.
Mr. STANTON. That is enough.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I believe the appeal is de-
batable. I do not know precisely what limitation
the House proposes to impose tipon itself in rela-
tion to amendments to appropriation bills, if this
amendment comes within the rule.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would inquire if
this appeal is debatable ?
The CHAIRMAN. The opinion of the Chair
is that it would be debatable, but that the com-
mittee is actually dividing.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Will the House allow me
to read the rule under which I propose to make
an appeal ?
<! 81. No appropriation shall be reported in puch general
appropriation hill-5, or be in order a? an amendment tilcreto
for any expenditure not previously authorized by law."
The point I make on the gentleman's amend-
ment is, that there is 110 authority of law for this
expenditure, and that it is not in order to a gen-
eral appropriation bill.
Mr. MARSTON. That is a mistake in point
of fact. 1 wish the gentleman from Georgia will
withdraw his appeal for a moment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will not in-
dulge any further debate on this subject.
Mi. STANTON. 1 must insist that the ques-
tion is debatable, and that it is not too late to
debate it, for the committee is not dividing.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman take
an appeal from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. STANTON, I do not want to pile one
appeal on another if it can be avoided.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
will recollect that debate was closed by order of
the House on all subjects; and hence this debate
would be out of order. The question is, " Shall
