THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on
Commerce -
" Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
I' will state that it is my purpose to call up the In-
dian appropriation bill for the purpose of pass-
ing it.
EMPLOYES OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. SPINNER. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to offer resolutions which are of conse-
quence to every one,.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will hear them read.
The Clerk read the resolutions, as follows:
Resolved,, That so much of the resolution of tlie House
of Representatives, passed May 17,1858, as lelates to the
compensation of the Doorkeeper of this House and his em-
ployes is hereby rescinded, so far as the same conflicts with
the joint resolution of the two Houses ot Congress passed
20th July, 1854.
Resolved, That so much of said resolution as limits the
number of pages to twelve be, and the same is hereby, re-
pealed; and that the Doorkeeper be authoiized from nine
to time to employ, under the ducction of the Committee of
Accounts, not exceeding twenty pages, between the ages of
ten and sixteen years, at a compensation of two dollars per
day for each during the session of Congress; and that the
Committee of Accounts he authorized to allow pay to the
, pages acting during the pending of the election of Speaker
ot this House.
Mr, CLEMENS. I object to the resolutions.
Mr. SPINNER. I desire to say to the House
that that there are a Iaige number of persons here
who cannot go home for want of their pay.
Mr. SMI1H, of Virginia. Well, let them stay.
Mr. RUFFIN. "We got along well enough last
session with twelve pages; better than we did
when we had more.
Mr. SPINNER. You had twenty last year,
and it is those persons we wish to pay.
DIFFICULTIES ON TIIE FRONTIER.
Mr. CURTIS. I again ask leave to offer the
resolution which I send to the desk.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio consent?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection, if no
one else has.
The resolution was then read, and by unani-
mous consent agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That the President be requested, if not Incom-
patible with the public soivtce, to tianvmit to this House
copies of any official eoi res jmndeucc which the Department
has recently had with Governor Houston and others, con-
cerning dirtVulue* on the fcOiithw<,?t',in frontier; and also
that lie inform the IJouyc what mewsme--, it* any, have been
taken to piotect our citizens and pieseivc tin; peace of the
country; that he also lnfotm tin- ilou^e whether oilers
have been nsued authonznig om uoopn to entei .iny oft'ie
Stares of Mexico; and if so, that copies of Mich owlcis be
transmitted to us, with all other important intimation re-
lating to the matter, m podie.-Mon o{ the Department.
Mr. SHERMAN. I renew my motion.
NAVY-YARDS.
Mr. MORSE. I would ask the gentleman from
Ohio to withdraw that motion for a moment, while
1 can offer a resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. There will be no end to this
thing; but! will not be a standing objection. If
no one eise objects, I wili not.
Mr. MORSE. I ask leave to offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resoh C'l, That the Soc rotary ot the Navy be requested
to transmit to this Iiou->e the evidence taken by the board
ot Navy officers tor investigating the condition of navy-
yaida, as well as the repoit based thereon, and which was
recently called for by resolution of tins House.
Mr. .THOMAS. I object.
Mr. MORSE. Let me say to the gentleman
who objects, thatlastfall the Secretary of the Navy
appointed a board of Navy officers to visit the
several navy-yards and look into their condition.
They reported. We want to know whether this
House will come to tiie same conclusion on a bill
for the correction of abuses as the board of Navy-
officers did, and we want the evidence upon which
they based their report. That is all.
Mr. WINSLOW. I would ask the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs if a resolution
has not already passed the House asking for this
information ?
Mr. MORSE. I offered a resolution calling for
the report, but that resolution did not embrace the
evidence upon which that report of the Navy offi-
cers was based. This resolution calls for that
evidence.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. WINSLOW 1 think that is all right.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now insist on my motion
that the rules be suspended, and that the House-
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state o£the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and
then the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Washburne, of Illinois, in the chair.)
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to take up House
bill No. 216, making appropriations for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with the Ponca Indians, and
with certain bands of Indians in the State of Oregon
andTerritory of Washington,"for the year ending
Juno 30, 1860.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ASHMORE. I believe I am entitled to
the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill will take very little
time.
Mr. i^JHMORE. Well, then, I will make no
objection.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from South
Carolina will retain his right to the floor after this
bill is disposed of.
Mr. ASHMORE. Very well, sir.
By unanimous consent, the first reading of the
bill was dispensed with, and the Clerk proceeded
to read the bill by clauses for amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. Do I understand that the
bill is now being read by clauses for amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. MAYNARD. No amendments will be in
order after the present reading?
The CHAIRMAN. No amendment will be in
order unless it is proposed before a section is
passed from.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understood the Chair to
request the gentleman from South Carolina to sus-
pend his remarks until the bill was read. If we
offer amendments to the bill, and debate it, the
gentleman may be kept off the floor for hours.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman from South
Carolina has the floor upon the President's mes-
sage. This bill, I think, will pass withoutobjec-
tion. It is simply to eairy into effect existing trea-
ties with Indians, which were ratified in March
last, after the adjournment of Congress. The ap-
propriations are required immediately.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio whether the bill conforms to the
estimates of the Department ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Precisely.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to ask the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
upon what basis these several sums are reported ?
Mr. SHERMAN. They are based upon ex-
isting treaties all of which I have in my hand,
and which the gentleman can find by reference to
his book of estimates
Mr. MAYNARD. Are there no appropriations
interpolated into the bill excepting these ?
Mr. SHERMAN. There are not. On the con-
trary, the Committee of Ways and Means refused
an appropriation of $10,000 on account of what
they regarded as an erroneous construction of one
of the treaties. I believe that is the only varia-
tion in the bill from the estimates sent in by the
Department. These are appropriations for this
fiscal year, and not for the next fiscal year; and
they are to carry into execution treaty stipulations
with the Indian tribes ratified on the 9th March
last. These appropriations would have been made
at the last session of Congress; but the treaties
were not ratified until after the adjournment of
the last session.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill until the
following paragraph was reached:
For the erection at suitable points on the reservation of
one saw mill, one flouring mill, a building suitable for a
hospital, two s-ehool-houses, one blacksmith's shop, one
building foi wason and plowmaker, and one dwellmgfor
each, per fourth article treaty 9th June, 1855, $10,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend thatpar-
agraph by inserting after the words "plow maker"
the words, "one carpenter and joiner shop." The
words were accidentally left out of the bill.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill.
Mr. COBB. Mr. Chairman, I desire right here
to put myself in the position I desire to occupy on
this and the other appropriation bills that may fys
presented for the action of this body. I am aware
that at two o'clock, the special order for the elec-
tion of Printer will be taken up, and that I shall
have but a very brief space in which to say what
I wish to.
While it seems to be the fixed and inexorable
policy of a class of politicians, the adherents and
preferred members of the Republican party and
a good many of the members-of the Democratic
party, to exclude the entire population of fche
southern scction of this Union from the right they
have, by all reason and common justice, to carry
their slave property with them into the T erritories
of, not the North or the South, but of the United
States, Territories acquired by our common blood
and treasure—a fact which I am satisfied of by the
clear indications of the times—L am determined
upon all these measures of appropriation, to make
opposition to their passage, until that false and
unfair policy has been abandoned. This Govern-
ment has expended over seventeen million dollars
for territory, from every foot of which the South
and southern institutions will be excluded, if that
policy be persevered in. Here are treaty stipu-
lations for other property to be acquired, and I
shall insist that the question of our rights shall be
decidcd, and those rights admitted; and not only
admitted, sir, but enforced. I will not vote to
appropriate one more dollar until the rights of cit-
izens of my section are recognized to carry with
them into the Territories of the United States
their slave property.
Mr. ASHMORE. I am entitled to the floor;
and I yielded to the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, in order that this Indian
appropriation bill might be taken up and putupon
its passage. I yielded, sir, for no such purpose
as a general debate on this bill; for if there is to
be debate, then I claim the floor, and shall pro-
ceed to make the remarks I design submitting
to the House, that my position may be under-
stood.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is to be no debate,
I consider that I am bound to move that the com-
mittee rise. 1 make that motion.
Mr. COBB. I will vote against this bill in all
its stages.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope that the gentleman
from Ohio will not insist on his motion that the
committee rise; but that he will move thnt this In-
dian appropriation bill be laid aside, and that the
President's message be taken up, in order that
my friend from South Carolina [Mr. Ashmore]
may proceed with his remarks to-day, and at this
time, as it is his desire to do.
Mr. SHERMAN. The House has made it the
special order that to-day, at two o'clock, it would
proceed to vote for a Printer, and that order must
be executed. After the Hou&ehas voted once or
twice, and the House has been satisfied that no
election can take place to-day, I will then move
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, in order
that the President's message may be taken up and
the general debate proceeded with. I hope that
now the committee wili rise in order that we may
go to the special order.
Mr. ASHMORE. I hope not; for, sir, if I am
to have the floor, 1 would like to have it now.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman from South
Carolina will have an opportunity to make his
speech after we have voted for Printer.
Mr. ASHMORE. If we go to the election of
Printer, there must be a call of the House, and
we cannot get a vote for Printer until late m the
day.
The question was taken;and Mr. Sherman's
motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union gen-
erally under consideration, and particularly a bill *
(H. R. No. 21G) making appropriations for ful-
filling treaty stipulations with the Ponca Indians,
and with certain bands of Indians in the State of
Oregon andTerritory of Washington,for the year
ending June 30, 1860;and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon
