2844'
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment
of the committee V'
The Chair appointed Messrs. Crawford,and
Robinson of Rhode Island, tellers.
The committee divided, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes forty-five, noes not counted.
So the decision of the Chair was reversed.
Mr. HUGHES. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For Fort Madison, Annapolis harbor, Maryland, $10,OQQ.
Mr. SHERMAN, Is that an old or a new
fort ?
Mr. HUGHES. It is a fort that is very nearly
completed. It is still in charge of the engineer
department. It was estimated"for at the last ses-
sion of Congress, but it has not been included in
the estimates this year, in consequence of the
policy indicated by the War Department.
Mr. CRAWFORD. If the committee will per-
mit me, I will read the concluding portion of the
rule:
" Unless in continuation of appropriations for such pub-
lic worta and objects as are already in progress, and for the
contingencies for cairyingou the several departments ot the
Government."
And if it is in continuation, then, under the 1120th
rule, appropriations are in order for works in
progress of construction.
Mr. HUGHES. Certainly itis in continuation.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. The facts in
this case are very different from those in the
other.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to ask
the gentleman from Maryland whether there is
any express law authorizing or requiring this ap-'
propriation ?
Mr. HUGHES. There is an express law for
the construction of the work.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that, under the decision of the committee just made,
the amendment is not in order.
Mr. HUGHES. If the Chair will permit mc,
the case is entirely different. There is no simi-
larity between the two cases; and therefore I ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair was aware of
the latter portion of the rule; and on that ground
made the decision, which was overruled by the
committee. But the Chair is bound to follow the
opinion and judgment of the committee.
Mr. HUGHES. Then, I shall take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair; because I do not
see the analogy of the cases.
Mr. KUNKEL. Is it competent for the Chair-
man of this committee to rule an amendment out
of order without the point having been called to
his attention?
The CHAfRMAN. Unquestionably it is, in
the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. KUNKEL. I differ with the Chair. Itis
competent for the committee, by unanimous con-
sent, to receive any amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to appeal from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. KUNKEL. The Chair has no authority
to declare an amendment out of order unless the
point is made.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ma-
ryland is out of order.
Mr. HUGHES. If the Chair persists in its
decision, I must take an appeal.
TheCHAIRMAN. The Chair hns no feeling
on the subject, but must yield to the judgment of
the committee.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to state the dis-
tinction between the two cases, if the Chair will
hear me for a moment.
The CHAIRMAN. With great pleasure.
Mr. BARKSDALE. As I understand, there
is no law for building the fort mentioned in the
amendment of the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire. He does not claim that there is. As I
understand, the old fort is dilapidated, and there
is but one sergeant in charge of it. But there is
a law for building this Fort Madison, and the
work is now m progress of construction. That
is the distinction between the two cases. There
is law for the construction of the one work, and
none for the other.
Mr. STANTON. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire was to lepair an
existing fort, while this is to complete one in
process of construction. If there is a difference
between the two cases, I do not see it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does. The
question is, "Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the committee ?"
The question was taken; and the decision of
the Chair was sustained."
Mr. BOULIGNY. I move to insert after line
thirty-six the following:
For repairs and extension of Fort St. Philip, Mississippi
river, $15,000.
Foi repairs and extension of Fort Jackson, Mississippi
river, $16,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a point of order.
That amendment is to provide for the extension
of existing fortifications, which is certainly not a
repair. It is an enlargement.
Mr. BOULIGNY. Well, I will strike out the
word " extension."
The CHAIRMAN. 'In the opinion of the
Chair, the point of order made by the gentleman
from Ohio is well taken, in accordance with the
decision of this committee.
Mr-. STANTON. Will it be in order to move
to reconsider the vote by which the decision of
the Chair was reversed ?
TheCHAIRMAN. Thegentleman, the Chan-
presumes, is aware that it is not in order to move
to reconsider in committee.
Mr. STANTON. It is very manifest that the
House has got itself into a fix where it docs not
want to be. [Cries of " Not at all!"]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. We arc perfectly
fortified. [Laughter.]
Mr. McRAE. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come m after line forty:
For fort on Slnp Island, in Mississippi sound, on the coast
of Mississippi, §23,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is that a new fort?
Mr. McRAE. No,sir; itis a fortnow in prog-
ress of construction under an appropriation of
$100,000 made in 1857. It is estimated for by the
Department, but was not reported in the bill,
and there are two appropriations in the hill, that
were not estimated for, to the amount of $30,000.
I shall not ask to strike them out; but I ask that
this be inserted for the only fortification on the
coast of Mississippi. 1 have here a statement
from the engineer department that the amount of
the §100,000 unexpended, on the 12th of March
last, was $27,224 54, and I am informed by Col-
onel De Russy, the chief of the bureau, that the
appropriation will be exhausted by June, and the
whole work stopped, it is very important that
the work should be got up above the first circle
of guns, or a great loss will be sustained. I hope
the amendment will be adopted. I will state that
this fort is located on Ship Island, in Mississippi
sound, through which the British fleet entered
and came to anchor under Ship Island in the war
of 1812.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to read from the
report of the Secretary of War in regard to the
fortification at Ship Island. He says, after speak-
ing of the condition of the work:
a With the balance of thcappropiiation in hand, ft is ex-
pected that the woik mav be raiM'd above the embraces
and for tiie lurtlicr sum ot $85,000 the, officer in chaigc esti-
mates (hat the mam work m.iy be finished.
This bill is founded on the policy of keeping
the works in repair. We find, from the report of
the Secretary of War, that the balance of the ap-
propriation for this fort is sufficient to raise the
work above the embrasures, and put it in a con-
dition for preservation ; and, therefore, 1 hope the
amendment will not be adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to state
to the committee that, if no pointof order is made
upon this amendment, the Chair will esteem it
as in order by general and unanimous consent.
The committee is advised of the opinion of the
Chair and its ruling, in \icw of the decision of
the committee.
Mr. McRAE. I hope a vote will be taken on
my amendment.
Air. KUNKEL. 1 would merely ask the Chair
why he did not receive the amendment of my col-
league, [Mr. Hughes,]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will answer
the gentleman at the proper time. This is not the
proper place or time. [Laughter.]
Mr. McRAE. I hope the amendment will be
adopted, in order that the work may not be
stopped.
Mr. HILL. 1 desire to make an inquiry of the
Chair to govern me in my vote. Do I understand
the Chair to decide that it is the sense of the com-
mittee that, before an appropriation can be voted
for any fortification, there must first be an act re-
citing how much money is required for that for-
tification, or authorizing a special appropriation
to be made, according to a particular estimate put
in a specific act, or what does it mean ? I ask, for
information; what does the Chair decide?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. In order to save time,
I call my colleague to order.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Geor-
gia is not strictly in order, as he is aware.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I make the point of
order only to save time.
Mr. II1LL. I merely ask what the committee
have decided ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair suggests to the
gentleman that the committee have made a most
clear and distinct decision, which can hardly be
misapprehended by the gentleman; and the Chair
does not decide this amendment out of order, upon
the ground that it seems to be the universal con-
sent that it should be esteemed in order.
The question was taken on Mr. McRae's amend-
ment; and it was disagreed to—ayes thirty-eight;
noes not counted.
Mr. BRANCH. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after line forty-four:
Provided, That no part of the sum heieinbeforo appro-
priated shall be expanded in prosecuting unfinished worka,
but only so much shall be expended as shall be necessaiy
for the preservation and icpair of woiks aheady executed.
I think it very clear, from the manifestation that
we have had of the will of the committee, that this
amendment will carry out that will more certainly
and perfectly than docs the language already in
the bill. Thegentleman says that the only object
of the bill is to preserve these works of fortifica-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I said either to preserve
them, or to put them in a condition where they
could be preserved without any great expendi-
ture of money. Some of these works are in pro-
cessof construction; and they must be putin such
aposition that nogreatinjurycan be done to them
by the elements.
. Mr. BRANCH I understand the gentleman
from Ohio, then, t«f say that the object is to pre-
serve the works already in process of construc-
tion, and to put them In a condition that they
may be preserved. I understood the committee
distinctly to rule to be out of order a proposition
made by a gentleman upon the other side of the
House to expend money for the construction or
reconstruction of an old work. I understood the
Chairman distinctly, under that construction of
the rule, to decide out of order the amendment of
the gentleman from Louisiana, simply because it
proposed to enlarge an existing work. Now, sir,
I ask the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means whether putting a work in a condi-
tion to be preserved can bean enlargement of that
work; whether, with the view he takes of it, he
authorizes an enlargement of a work, whenever
that enlargement is necessary, in order to pre-
serve it; and whether that view is consistent with
the fact that the ruling upon the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Louisiana, which thegen-
tleman helped to sustain, was on the ground that
it proposed to enlarge the work to which it re-
ferred ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand the enlarge-
ment of a work is to extend its boundaries. Now,
ma,ny of those works are in such a condition that
it is necessary to appropriate money for their
preservation. For instance, there is one in Vir-
ginia, 1 believe, in such a condition that, if left to
itself, the work already done would be entirely
destroyed by the elements, and unless a sum is
appropriated sufficient to advance the work to a
ceitaui point, it could not be preserved. In other
cases—as in the case mentioned by the gentleman
from Mississippi—the work could be preserved
without further expenditure, and, of course, under
the rule wo have adopted, no further appropria-
tion would be necessary.
Mr. BRANCH. If it is the intention of the
Committee of Ways and Means that the sums
contained in this bill shall be used to prosecute
these works towards completion, or any portion
of them, then my amendment I should deem im-
proper. I offered it for the express purpose of
ascertaining what was the will of the committee;
whether they intended to prosecute these works
