1900
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. .
May 2,
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(H.R. No. 320) for the relief of the heirs ofRev.
James Crais;, deceased, reported it without amend-
ment, and adversely. • 
CHIPPEWA INDIANS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be instructed
to communicate to the Senate the amount due the Chippe-
was ot' the Mississippi and Lake Superior, under limth
article of treaty made with those Indians 30th September,
1854.
DISTRIBUTION OF LAWS, ETC.
Mr. PEARCE. I have been instructed by the
Joint Committee on the Library, to whom was
referred the joint resolution (S. No. 5) for sup-
plying the Choctaw, Cherokee, and Chickasaw
nations with such copics of the laws, Journals,
and public printed documents as are furnished to
the States and Territories, to report the same
back to the Senate, with a recommendation that
it do pass. I ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution, which dirccts that the Choc-
taw, Cherokee, ana Chickasaw nations of Indians,
through such agent as they may designate, shall
be furnished by the Secretary of the Interior with
such numbers or volumes of the laws of the Uni-
ted States, the Journals of Congress, and docu-
ments printed by order of Congress, as are sup-
plied to the States and Territories of the United
States.
The. joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engiossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
EXPLORING EXPEDITION.
Mr. PEARCE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 34) m relation to the woiks of the
exploring expedition; which was read a first time,
and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. PEARCE. 1 ask the Senate to act upon
that resolution at this time. I will state that the
subject was before the Committee on the Library
at the last session of Congress. No reference of
it has been made at this session; but it has the
approbation of the committee, and I suppose
there will be no objection to acting upon it at
oncc. It provides for giving a copy of the works
of this expedition to the Naval Academy at An-
napolis, and another to the Government of Swit-
zerland. In the distribution originally made by
Congress, by some oversight, Switzerland was
omitted. Ail the other European Powers have
been furnished with the works of the expedition,
and it is proposed now to give one to Switzer-
land. I iiope the joint resolution will be acted
upon at once.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was read a second time and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It directs that two copics
of the works of the exploiing expedition, so far
as they can be supplied from the copies ordered
to be deposited in the Library of Congress for
preservation, by the resolution of February 20,
1845, and the residue of those works as they shall
be completed, shall be delivered to the Secretary
of State; one copy to be presented by him to the
Federal Republic of Switzerland, and the other to
the Naval Academy at Annapolis, in the State
of Maryland.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
SIIAWNEE. INDIANS.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of the bill, H. R.
No. 3(18.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let the title of the bill be
read for information.
Mr. CLARK. It is a bill to provide payment
for depredations committed by the whites upon
the Shawnee Indians in Kansas Territory. 1 do
not think there will be any objection to it, when
it is befoie the Senate.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the lull (H. ft. No. 368) to provide payment for
depredations committed by the whites upon the
Shawr-ee Indians in Kansas Territory. For the
purpose of paying claims of certain members of the
Shawnee tribe of Indians, presented to Congress
at its present session, for depredations committed
on their property by citizens or inhabitants of the
United States, the bill proposes to appropriate the
sum of $36,711. The claims are to be adjusted
and paid under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior, under the rules and regulations pre-
scribed in the sixteenth section of the 4'Act to
regulate trade and intercourse with Indian tribes,
and to preserve peace on the frontiers," approved
June 30,1834; but it is not to be incumbent upon
the parties claimant, from the peculiar condition
of affairs in the Territory of Kansas at the time
the spoliations were committed, to show that the
offenders were apprehended and brought to trial.
The Committee on Indian Affairs reported the
bill with two amendments. The first amendment
was to strike out, in line one of section two, the
words, "that said claims," and insert "that the
whole or such part of said claims, as shall be
proved to his satisfaction;" so that the clause will
read:
That the whole or such part of said claims as «hall be
proved to ins satisfaction, shall he adjusted and paid under
the direction of the Sccrctaiy of the interior, &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
line five of section two. to strike out the words
" the sixteenth section of;" so that the clause will
read:
Undei the rules and regulations prescribed in the " Actio
icguiate ttnde and mtercouise with the Indian tribes," &.c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to know whether
any report accompanies the bill, and whether the
claims have been examined or recommended by
the Department?
Mr. CLARK. I will state that there is a report
from the House. The bill has passed the House,
and the report of the House committee accom-
panies the bill. These claims have all been sub-
mitted to the Department. They come here ac-
companied by proof. The committee thought the
proof was not quite definite and sufficient enough,
and have taken this course to allow the Secretary
of the Interior to pay them, upon proof that shall
be satisfactory to him. The claims are all specific,
and are all accompanied by some proof, but not
quite sufficient, as the committee thought; so they
desire to refer them back to the Department of the
Interior, to be paid when the proof is made suf-
ficient.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in, and or-
dered to be engrossed; and the bill was ordered to
be read a third time. It was read the third, time,
and passed.
RELATIONS OF STATES.
Mr. DAVIS. When, some time since, I intro-
duced a series of resolutions, I stated my desire
to have a vote upon them; and also announced
that I had no wish to discuss them; that if I did i
do so, it would be the result of remarks which
should be made by others. At a subsequent pe-
riod I found it necessary to defend them from some
criticism, and asked that they should be made a
special order. It "was done—for yesterday. Cir-
cumstances, to which it is unnecessary to advert,
rendered it impossible to obtain a vote upon them
then, as it would be to-day, and, perhaps, for any
time during this week; and as my purpose is
rather to get a vote than to discuss them, as I
never proposed to deliver any lengthy essay upon
them, I ask the Senate now that they may be taken
up, in order that they may be made a special order
for Monday next.
Mr. WADE. I hope that neither those reso-
lutions nor any other business will interfere with
the consideration of the homestead bill, which was
assigned for to-day; but I doubt whether there is
a quorum present, or even if there was, whether
it would be proper to go on with so important a
measure with so thin a House; and therefore, if
there is any unwillingness to take it up, I shall
not urge it, for the reason that the Senate does not
seem to be full. If it should go over, therefore,
I do not know but that assigning Monday for
those resolutions would, perhaps, interfere with
the consideration of the homestead bill, which, by
a kind of implied understanding, was to be the
first business in order when wc really commenced
business.
Mr. COLLAMER. And the only business.
Mr. WADE. And the only business. I believe
that was the understanding on both sides of the
Chamber, and I am very anxious that that bill
should be disposed of first. In every other re-
spect I do not care when the resolutions come up.
I do not wish to interfere with them. I will in-
quire of the Senator from Mississippi whether
Tuesday or Wednesday next will not answer his
purpose as well as Monday?
Mr. DAVIS. I never will contest with any one,
and I do not believe I ever have, on a question of
priority; and if the Senator has any special desire
to have the homestead bill set for next Monday,
instead of taking it up some time this week, if wc
should have a sufficient attendance, I of course will
not press the consideration of the resolutions on
that particular day; but I have no pieference for
one day over another.
Mr. GWIN. I think the Senator from Mis-
sissippi will, as a matter of necessity, have to make
some extended explanation of those resolutions
when they come up, and as Monday is generally
conceded to gentlemen who have presented im-
portant questions before the Senate, to address the
Senate on those questions, I think if those reso-
lutions were permitted to be taken up on that day,
in order that the Senator from Mississippi might
address the Senate, that on Tuesday wc could
take up the homestead bill and complete it. I
think the Senator from Mississippi, although he
has not indicated as much, will be required, by the
importance of the question presented, to speak
somewhat at large. I think that would be the
proper course. Let those resolutions be made the
special order for Monday, with the distinct un-
derstanding that on the next day the homestead
bill will be taken up and proceeded with. The
Senate may be more full on Tuesday than on
Monday.
Mr. WADE. I am not particular about it. I
do not know whether wc shall get thiough with
the homestead bill before Monday; but from the
condition in which we appear here, it seems to me
we will hardly be able to do much business this
week. We may, perhaps, be able to get through
with the bill. I do not know that there is any
objection to taking it up to-day. This is the day
which has been assigned for its consideration. If
there is no objection, I shall move to take it up;
but if there be any objection on the other side of
the Chamber, I shall feel hound to pass it over.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Senator
will allow me to suggest to him that I think the
Senate is entirely too thin to take that bill up. I
should be very averse to it myself. At the time
we made the understanding it was not in contem-
plation at all that we should be reduced to the
condition in which wc now find ourselves during
this week. It was the universal belief that we
should take it up and go on with it during this
week; but that was under very different circum-
stances from those which we now find around us.
I am sincerely anxious to go on with that bill; and
as farasone,atleast,is concerned,Ifeel pledged to
agree to take up nothing that shall come in con-
flict with it. I think, however, one day might
well be conceded to the Senator from Mississippi,
in the position in which he is, and as it is upon
business which cannot occupy much time. I
should be pleased myself to do so.
Mr. WADE. I make no resistance to the mo
tion of the Senator from Mississippi.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Mississippi
to take up the resolutions indicated by him.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the icsohitions.
Mr. DAVIS. I move that they be made the
special order for Monday next,at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
OREGON WAR DEBT.
Mr. LANE. I desire to give notice that I shall,
to-morrow morning, move to take up the bill (S.
No. 11) providing for paying the expenses in-
curred by the Territories of Oregon and Wash-
ington in suppressing Indian hostilities in the
years 1855 and 1856; and 1 hope that I shall be
able to get it up then.
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS OF GEORGIA.
Mr. IVERSON. If thoio is no other business
before the Senate, I move that the Senate take up
a bill on the Piivate Calendar—I do not remem-
