958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
prevented, and will be prevented. Now, I submit
to the other side of the House this consideration:
whether they will not expedite public business
by yielding to the request of the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Ashmore,] who certainly
has not been wanting in courtesy to the chairman
of the Committee-of Ways and Means, who is the
acknowledged leader upon thatsideof the-House?
I suggest, as a matter of comity and good feel-
ing, that nothing can be gained by pressing a vote
to-night. We can allow the gentleman from South
Carolina to occupy the floor; and, by general con-
sent, I am willing, so far as I am concerned, to
dispose of this matter at a fixed hour to-morrow.
Mr. KILGORE. Is this debate in order?
The SPEAKER It is not.
Mr. K1LL1NGER. Then I object to it.
Mr. BURNETT. The yeas and nays have
been ordered upon this motion to postpone; and
all of this discussion is out of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that
this whole discussion is out of order. Nothing is
in order but the motion to postpone; upon which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The Clerk proceeded with the call of the roll;
but was interrupted by
Mr. BRANCH. With the consent ofthe House
I will say that I have been assured that perhaps
an agreement may be effected by which the elec-
tion may be postponed until to-morrow, at one
o'clock, with the understanding that, at that time,
no dilatory motions shall be made further than a
call of the House, to sec if members are present.
If that can be done, and the House will give its
constant, 1 will withdraw my demand for the yeas
and flays, and let the vote go upon the motion to
postpone to one o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. FLORENCE. I should have no objec-
tion to that, but to-morrow is the first private bill
day of the session, and we ought to go to work
upon the Private Calendar immediately. If we
could clcct upc# a single ballot, 1 do not think I
should object. I will not, however, object at this
time, as gentlemen around mc seem desirous that
some arrangement should be made.
Mr. BUANCH. Wi.th the understanding I
have stated, I propose that the yeas and nays be
dispensed with by unanimous consent.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to the post-
ponement until to-morrow. If it is to be post-
poned at ail, let it be postponed until next week.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will continue the
call.
The Clerk then resumed the call of the yeas
and nays.
During the vote,
Mr. Q.UARLES stated that ho was paired off
with Mr. Pet^t, on the question of the election
of Printer.
Mr. NIBLACK stated that he was paired off,
on the question of Printer only, with Mr. Ash-
ley.
Mr. WILSON stated that Mr. Boyce Inwing
business to transact out of the House, he had
pajred with him for the rest of the day.
Mr. PENDLETON stated that his colleague,
Mr. Theaker, was confincd to his house by in-
disposition, and, at the request of his friends, he
(Mr.P.)had paired off with him for to-day on all
questions connected with the election of Printer.
Mr. KILGORE. I rise for the purpose of
moving to dispense with the reading of the roll,
and to renew the proposition made by the gentle-
man from North Carolina, to agree upon a day
for proceeding to an election. Gentlemen assure
me<—and I know the facility with which they do
procrastinate a vote—that we shall not have an-
other vote oil this question to-day; and I, fur one,
am now ready, and hope it may be assented to
on this side, to agree to postpone the election of j
Printer until to-morrow, at one o'clock, with the
understanding that it is to be taken up at that
hour and disposed of. I do not want gentlemen
on the other side to sit still while this proposition
is being made, and to say to-morrow that they
do not feel themselves bound by it—that it was
a mere agreement between the gentleman from
North Caiolina [Mr. Branch] and myself, and
one or two others. I want them to take notice
now that I shall hold them boundby their silence,
unless they make objection.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope the proposition will
be assented to on this side of the House.
Mr. FLORENCE. I smcerelv trust it will be.
Mr. NIBLACK. I desire to know from my
colleague whether he speaks by authority, and
whether he is the actual leader of that side of the
House. For the first few weeks of the session I
was induced to think that my colleague was the
leader of the opposition ranks, and that what he
spoke was spoken by authority; but some six
weeks since a scene took place here which led me
to believe that he was deposed from his leader-
ship. We have not heard of him as a leader since
then; but to-day again he seems to loom up as a
leader. Now,l wanttobe informed whatrelation
my colleague bears to the party on the opposite
side of the House, so that we may know whether
that side of the House will be bound by his ar-
rangements.
Mr. KILGORE. The gentleman from North
Carolina and myself act as leaders on this par-
ticular occasion. I am very sorry to find that my
colleague has become jealous. I believe he has
never bad the honor of being recognized as a
leader in any place. There is another remark
which I desire to make here. It is, that since 1
quit leading on this side of the House, I am in-
clined to think that it has been very badly led.
[Laughter.]
Mr. NIBLACK. Notntall jealous; forlnever
aspired to lead here or anywhere else, and espe-
cially here. I am only trying to take my col-
league's part, for I feltthat he had been heretofore
badly treated.
Mr. BRANCH. I say in response to the gen-
tleman from Indiana, that I have conferred with
a number of gentlemen on this side of the House,
and it is the general consent that if the election be
postponed till to-morrow at one o'clock, we will
then go to the vote withoutany further delay than
that which is necessary to have one single call of
the House. I hope that will be the understanding
on all sides ofthe House.
Mr. FLORENCE. I trust sincerely that it
will be.
Mr. BRANCH. And if to-morrow any mem-
bers on this side should strive to prevent a vote,
we will be strong enough to vote them down, and
to bring on the election to-morrow.
Mr. KILGORE. That is satisfactory.
The SPEAKER. Docs the gentleman from
North Carolina withdraw his motion to postpone ?
Mr. BRANCH. The motion to postpone must
stand in order to bring up the question to-morrow;
but, by the unanimous consent of the House, I
will withdraw the call for the yeas and nays, and
there will be no record of the vote.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
yeas and nays will be withdrawn, the vote can-
celed, and the election of Printer postponed, with
the understanding that it will be taken up to-
morrow at one o'clock.
enrolled bill.
Mr. DAVIDSON", from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act (S.
No. 146) authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to issue registers to schooners Helen Blood
and Sarah Bond, of Oswego, in the State of New
York; when the Speaker signed the same.
president's message.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The rules wore accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Wash-
durnCj of Illinois, in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the President's annual mes-
sage, and of the resolutions to refer the same; on
which the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Ariimore] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. ASHMORE. Mr. Chairman,ithas neither
been my wish nor my purpose to engage in elabor-
ate discussion. My experience has taught mc that
it is not those who engage most frequently in dis-
cussion, or who are most apt to indulge in philo-
sophical orabstractprmciples,nice-spun theoiies,
and philanthropical sentimentalities, that are al-
ways found most useful in deliberativeassemblies.
It is rather the practical man, who, with quick per-
ception, ready ingenuity, and salient wit, seizes
upon the strong points of a case, and makes them
subserve the practical purposes of life by molding
measuresand policies,based upon living issuesand
correctprinciples,to the necessities ofthe timesand
ofthe age in which he lives. I do not wish it to be
understood, however, that I am one of those who
ignore correct theories. The one is as necessary
to the other as the sun is to the day. I only mean
to say that, leaving questions of philosophy, phi-
lanthropy, and theories, to others, mine is,and has
ever been, the sphere of practical duty. I have re-
gretted, sir, for many years past, that the all-ab-
sorbing and exciting subject of slavery could not
be, or had not been, excluded from discussion in
the Halls of the Federal Congress. These regrets
are now of no avail. The question is upon us, and
is absorbing all others. We have got to grapple
with it, ana to reduce it to a practical and satis-
factory settlement in the Union, or it is to prove the
breaker upon which the ship of State will be shat-
tered into a thousand fragments.
Can such a settlement of so momentous a ques-
tion be effected in the Union, and the rights and
equalities of all the States be preserved under the
existing Constitution ? I confess, Mr. Chairman,
that I have lived to roach that point, in the history
of our country, when I see butlittle hopes of that.
The radical differences of opinion that exist be-
tween the northern and southern people on this
exciting subject have reached a point that has
brought out and developed the angry passions of
both sides to such an extent that each views the
opinions and sentiments of the other as mere ex-
aggerations, in which there is little sincerity and
less honesty.
Designing politicians, hypocritical philanthro-
pists, contemptible demagogues, corrupt spoils-
seekers, with their hosts ofunscrupulous partisans,
on all sides, have succeeded in exasperating parties
and sections until there is no longer a particle of
confidence or harmony between them. As a south-
ern man, I have looked upon this growing distrust,
this alienation, this antagonism of feeling and sen-
timent, with the darkest forebodings for the future,
of this country. For years past 1 have indulged
the hope that some combination of fortuitous cir-
cumstances would arrest this condition of things.
But, sir, I have been most sadly and seriously dis-
appointed; and now, in view of the above facts,
the pregnant question arises, whose fault is it? I
must confess that my intellect is too obtuse to
perceive that the people of the South have ever
demanded, or do now demand, aught more than
their constitutional rights on the subject of sla-
very. I turn to the Constitution of my country,
and I find in its preamble that it was created " to
establish justice and secure domestic tranquillity."
In section two, article one, of that instrument,
I find slavery recognized, and a representation
provided for on this very floor, by allowing five
slaves to be enumerated and counted, for the pur-
pose of representation, as equal to three white per-
sons.
In section nine, article one, I find the importa-
tion of African slaves to be prohibited after the
year 1808, thereby recognizing the right of the
States to import them up to that period of time.
On this subject I shall have more to say hereafter.
But, stronger still, in the shapt- of a constitu-
tional recognition of slavery, I find in section sec-
ond, article four, the provision requiring the peo-
ple of one State to deliver up a fugitive slave, "on
the claim of the party to whom such service or
labor may be due," to the citizen or citizens of
another State.
Mr. Chairman, I need not ask any one, here or
elsewhercr, who is at all familiar with the current
of events during the last twenty-five years, but
more particularly with those of the last ten years,
whether any one of these provisions of the Con-
stitution has been complied with and carried out
in good faith by the people of the North ? On the
contrary, they have each and all been violated
almost daily by the action of the States of the
North, in their legislative bodies and in their con-
ventions, and by the people, in their primary meet-
ings, in their schools and colleges, in their pulpits,
and by their mobs, until at hist their violation of
the rights of the South has culminated in an attack
by a body of banditti on the people of a sovereign
State, and in the commission of the three highest
crimes known to the laws of the land—the perpe-
tration of murder, insurrection, and treason.
That this extraordinary attempt to subvert the
institutions of the South and free the slaves ofthe
