1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2847
An act (H. R. No. 269) granting a pension to
James Laoy, of Grainger county, Tennessee;
An act (H. R. No. 272) granting a pension to
Adelaide Adams, widow of George Adams, late
a commander in the United States Navy;.
An act (K. R. No. 277) for the relief of Web-
ster S. Steele;
An act (Ii. R. No.-313) granting a pension to
Abraham Crum;
An act (H. R. No. 314) for the relief of Emma
A. "Wood, widow of the late Brevet Major George
"W. F. Wood, of the United States Army;
An act (H. R.No. 318)forthe relief ofAndrew
E. Marshall;
Anact (H. R. No. 340) for the relief of Charles
James Lanman;
An act (H. R. No. 342) for the relief of James
* Phelan;
An act (II. R. No. 344) for the relief of the
legal representatives of Sylvester Day, a surgeon
in the United States Army;
An act (H. R. No. 349) for the relief of Peter
Rogerson & Son of St. John's, Newfoundland,
owners of the British brig Jessie;
An act (H. R. No. 370) for the relief of Israel
Johnson;
An act (H. R. No. 393) granting an invalid
pension to Nathan Randal!;
An act (H. R. No. 528) for the relief of Beda
Hayes, widow of Dudley Hayes, of Granby,
Hartford county, Connecticut;
An act (H. R. No. 600) for the relief of the chil-
dren and heirs of Alexander Montgomery;
An act (H. R. No. 627) for the relief of the
widow and other heirs of William Higgins, de-
ceased;
An act (H. R. No. 680) for the relief of Gottlieb
Scheerer;
An act (H. R. No. 764) to change the times for
holding the terms of the district courts of the Uni-
ted States for the northern district of Alabama;
Joint resolution (No. 32) for the relief of Henry
Woods; and
Joint resolution (No. 34) for the relief of John
J. Robertson, of Virginia.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I give notice
to the House that this evening I shall call up the
Navy appropriation bill, and I hope that we may
pass it. 1 now (at live minutes past four o'clock,
p. m.) move that the House take a recess.
LADIES' MOUNT VERNON ASSOCIATION.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask the House,
before it takes a recess, to consent to pass a bill
for the aid of the Ladies5 Mount Vernon Asso-
ciation to preserve the home and tomb of Wash-
ington.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
House that the resolution requires the House to
take a recess at half pastfour o'clock until seven.
[Cries of " Take it now!"]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask that the bill
may be read.
The Clerk read the bill. The first section pro-
vides that as soon as the Ladies' Mount Vernon
Association shall acquire a good and lawful title
to the home of Washington, in pursuance of the
contract heretofore made for that purpose,and in
accordance with the charter granted by the State
of Virginia, the sum of $125,000 be appropriated
for the purpose of enabling the association to use
the interest, and the interest alone, for the preser-
vation, repair, and improvement of the tomb and
home of tue Father of the Republic.
The second section directs the Secretary of the
Treasury, on proof being made that the associa-
tion has acquired such title and has actually en-
tered into possession of the premises, to issue a
bond of the United States for $125,000, payable
to the regent of the association, not transferable;
redeemable at the pleasure of the Government,
and bearing five per cent, interest, said interest to
be paid semi-annually to the regent for the time
being.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask that, by
unanimous consent, that bill may be considered,
now.
Mr. GARNETT. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN. My motion for a recess is
pending.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. May I be allowed
to say one word to the House ? I think it will
save time. These ladies purchased the estate 
[Loud cries of " Order!" and t( Object!"] Then
I move to suspend the rules for the purpose of con-
sidering the bill.
Mr. THOMAS. Under the resolution which
was passed this morning, is it in order to move
to suspend the rules for the purpose of taking up
a bill of this sort?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. That resolution
only applies to the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. After themorning hour itis
in order to move to suspend the rules.
Mr. REAGAN. 1 move that there be a call
of the House.
The SPEAKER. That motion cannot take pre-
cedence of a motion to suspend the rules.
The question was taken; and the rules were not
suspended,(two thirds not votmginfavor thereof.)
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. What has
become of the motion to take a recess?
The SPEAKER. The hour for taking a re-
cess has not yet arrived. It will soon come.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. But amo-
tion was made by the gentleman from Ohio to
take a recess.
The SPEAKER. It will be here in a moment.
(LaughterJ
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I ask the
Chair if we cannot take a recess before half past
four o'clock?
The SPEAKER. Yes; by a motion you can.
Mi*. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman from Ohio made that motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman was under-
stood to waive it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I made the motion; but I
will yield now for a moment to the gentleman
from Tennessee.
PRINTING OP A COMMUNICATION.
Mr. HATTON. As chairman of the Commit-
tee on the Expenditures of the Navy Department,
1 have received a communication from the Secre-
tary of the Navy, having refeience to the report
which I submitted this morning. It is the desire
of all the members of that committee that the
communication should be printed. I move that
it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
PEIVATTC BUSINESS.
Mr. TAPPAN. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That Friday next be made "objection day,"
for the consideration of the Private Calendar, and that on
that day all Senate bills shall be first considered.
Mr. BRANCH and others objected.
Mr. TAPPAN. Then I move to suspend the
rules.
The question was taken; and the rules were not
suspended, (two thirds not voting in favor there-
of-> . -
Mr. SHERMAN. I now insist on my motion,
that the House take a recess.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
twenty-five minutes after four o'clock, p. m.) the
House took a recess until seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The House was again called to order shortly
after seven o'clock, p. m.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that all debate in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the Navy appropriation bill close in five
minutes after its consideration shall be resumed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union for the purpose of considering the spe-
cial order.
The motion was agreed to.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Buffin-
ton m the chair,) and proceeded to consider the
special order, being House bill No. 500, making
appropriations for the naval service for the year
ending June 30, 1861.
The bill was read by clauses for amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Under the operation of the
new Navy pay bill, it becomes necessary to in-
crease the amount appropriated in the first clause
of the bill. I am instructed by the Committee of
Ways and Means to offer the following amend-
ment:
In lines eis*ht, nine, and ten, after the word l< millions,'*
strike out u $102,815 58," and insert, in lieu thereof
" $574,725 97;" so that it will read:
For pay of commission, warrant, and petty officers
and seamen, including the engineer corn* Qf the Navy,
$4,574,725 97.
I simply desire to call the attention of the com-
mittee to the effect of passing bills here under the
previous question without debate. We "added
more than twenty-five per cent, to the pay of
naval officers the other day; but, as a matter of
course, as the bill has become a law, the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means had no other course bat
to report the amount necessary to carry it into
execution. I ask that a letter from the Navy
Department in regard to the subject be read.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Navy Department, June 2, I860.
Sir : Your letter of the 1st instant, addressed to the Sec-?
retary of the Treasury, has been referred, with its inclosure,
to this Department, and in reply i would state that the esti-
mated amount required to carry out the provisions of tha
" Act to increase and regulate the pay of the Navy of the
United States," for the year ending the 30th June, 1861,
will be $471,910 39, in addition to the estimate heretofore
submitted, namely, $4,102,815 58. The amount estimated
as neccssary to carry out its provisions for the present fiscal
year is §39,400.
I am respectfully your obedient servant.
ISAAC TOUCEY.
Hon. John Sherman, Chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, House of Representatives.
Mr. HOUSTON. I believe the gentleman from
Ohio has stated pretty much the information which
I desired to obtain from him by questions. I un-
derstand him to state that this addition' to the
amount of money proposed to be appropriated
by this bill is demanded in consequence of the
passage of the bill increasing the pay of officers
of the Navy.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PERRY. I desire to oppose the amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. It is too late. Ithasbeen
adopted.
Mr. PERRY. Then I move to amend the sec-
tion by increasing the amount one dollar. I am
very glad, Mr. Chairman, that the attention of the
committee has been called to this matter by the
gentleman from Ohio. We all probably recollect
the manner in which that bill increasing the pay
of naval officers was sprung upon the House, and
the way in which it was forced through the House
under the operation of the gag law. It was a bill
which, by a letter read here on motion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, from the Secretary of the Na-
vy, will increase the salaries of all these several
officers to the amount of nearly half a million dol-
lars. I, myself, as an individual member of the
House, am willing to withhold this appropriation.
There is no comparison between the pay of these
officers and that of the privates in the Navy.
I have, for the satisfaction of myself, looked
over the Register of the Navy; and I find that out
of the seventy-nine naval captains in the service
of the United States thirty-eight of them are wait-
ing orders, and there are several on leave of ab-
sence. Yet by the passage of this bill, to which I
have made reference, these men severally receive
from the Treasury of the country $2,000 per an-
num for doing nothing, and who are of no use to
the Government whatever, except to hang around
this city and importune members of Congress to
increase their pay.
Then, sir, there is the retired list; some seven-
teen in number, and two on furlough, whoare also
receiving their pay; and so, when I pass from
captains to commanders, 1 find about the same
proportion—a large proportion of them are on leave
of absence, waiting orders, or on furlough. But,
as I have said, these officers have by this bill had
their pay increased some twenty-five per cent., or
more.
I want the country to know how, and in what
way,and bywhatmeans,thisbillwas putthrough
this House; that we had no opportunity of dis-
cussing it; no opportunity to amend it in Com-
mittee of the Whole; and no opportunity of con-
sidering it at all m the House. Sir, I here enter
my solemn protest against this system of legisla-
tion.
Mr. BRANCH. I am very much rejoiced to
