1904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2.
7. Negroes and mulattoes are not allowed to
testify against white persons, or send their chil-
dren to the free schools with white children, or
hold any office.
That is our Democratic legislation as it stands
upon the statute-book of Indiana.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Indiana,
at the commencement of his speech, announced
to the House that he would not permit himself to
be interrupted during the progress of it, or I should
have risen in the course of his speech to correct
him in some remarks he made, in which he de-
signed to bring before the House, in what appears
to me a false light, a letter of mine, from which he
quoted a portion. He said that the letter, portions
of which he read to the House, he should take the
liberty to append to his speech.
Mr. ENGLISH. The gentleman misunder-
stood me. I stated distinctly, in order that the
gentleman might not be misrepresented, that I
meant to print the whole of the letter.
Mr. DAWES. I was just saying so much: that
the gentleman said he proposed to append the
letter which I had written, to his speech; and per-
haps, therefore, it would not ordinarily be neces-
sary to say a word about it. But I wish to call
the attention of the committee to one or two mat-
ters in connection with it, so that the House,
perhaps, can judge, by his course in reference to
this letter, of the fairness with which the gentle-
man has made extracts from other documents.
He has been kind enough to loan me the copy
of the letter which he had, and which I have not
seen since it was written. I observe that, though
he proposes to print it all, and would have the
House and his constituents so understand, some
portions of it are now erased. I beg the gentle-
.man, if he sends it to the printer, that he will do
me the justice to have it printed in his speech as
it was originally written.
The gentleman says the letter was addressed to
a convention of colored persons. That is not a
matter of much importance, although it is not
true—that is all. I would as soon address a letter
to a convention of respectable colored persons as
to an individual, as I did in fact. It was addressed
to a respectable gentleman, who wrote me a letter
some two months after the convention, and to
which letter I made a response, ft did not come,
in point of time, within two months of any conven-
tion to which it referred, and to which the gen-
tleman says I addressed it.
Avery respectable gentleman of my State wrote
me a letter two months or so after the convention
to which it refers, inclosing a copy of some reso-
lutions passed by a convention in relation to the
constitution of Oregon. Having no reference
whatevvi to the equality—politically, socially,
morally, or intellectually—of the black man, it
came to me; and it was to that letter addressed to
me by a gentleman residing in Boston, that I ad-
dressed the answer which the gentleman has told
the House I addressed to a colored convention.
In that letter I allude to certain provisions in the
constitution of Oregon; and my remarks in ref-
erence to them, the gentleman said, I applied to
every free State which had not put the negro upon
a perfect equality, politically, socially, morally
and, if it could, intellectually. I stated m that let-
ter, referring to the constitution of Oregon, that
" A Frate whrne constitution impost"* upon any cla.-s of
men, wiio have committed no euine, the disability that
they ' shall never have the right ofs>uilra«ie'shall never
lioid any real estate;' 'shall never make any emituiet
'shall never work any mine;' ' shall never maintain any
suit;' or" eome, reside, or he, within the State that such
aState is called a free State, pa^e«! my compiehension. It
is a lalse prelen.se and a fraud."
I have stated nowhere in that letter that free
States, or any other State, that have not chosen to
put the negro upon an equality, politically, so-
cially, morally, and, so far as it may be by edu-
cation or other means, intellectually, with a white
person, are a fraud and a false pretense. I have
stated that nowhere; and the gentleman does not
do me justice when he says that the remarks
which I applied to the peculiar features of the
constitution of Oregon—features, the like of which
exist in no other State, free or slave, in my
knowledge—stigmatized such as features which,
when adopted by a State claiming to be called a
free State, passed my comprehension, and were
a false pretense. Whatever may be my views
upon that question, 1 made no mention of them
in that letter.
Now, t ask that the whole letter, that portion
crossed out, as well as that not crossed out, may
be read at the Clerk's desk. By it I stand, and-
am willing to be judged.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
North Adams, Mass., September 26, 1859.
Dear Sir : Yours of the 12th, inclosing a copy of the
resolutions recently adoptpdhy a convention of colored cit-
izens of New England, assembled at Boston, was received
here in my absence from home, or it would have been sooner
acknowledged. I am greatly obliged to the convention for
the complimentary notice it was pleased to take of myself
in one of its resolutions.
The disabilities imposed upon free colored persons by the
constitutions ot many of the so-called free States have, very
properly tound place in the deliberation of the convention.
Indeed, the position which the free colored citizen shall
heieufter occupy at the Noith has seemed tome to be a ques-
tion deserving more attention trom ail than it has hitherto re-
ceived. It lies, in my opinion, directly across the path of
the emancipationist, and must be encountered and coirectly
settled before any permanent or healthy progress can be
made. The showing disposition in the new States that are
forming in the great West with such vapidity and on such a
magnificent scale to disfranchise, disable, and drive out the
Jrec negroes from their border, should be firmly met and coun-
teracted In/ those who make it the corner-stone of their politi-
cal creed that li all men are created equal."
That a State whose constitution imposes upon any class
of men who have committed no crime the disability that
they " shall nevei have the right of suffrage " shall never
hold any leal estate " shall never make any contract;"
" shall never woik any mine " bhall never maintain any
suit;" or "come, reside, or 6c within the Statethat such
a State is called a free State passes my comprehension. It
is all a false pretense and a fraud. Thcie is no real difference
between the <puit which would incorporate such provis-
ions into the oiganic laws of a State, and that which infa-
mously declares that the "negro lias no rights which the
white man is. bound to lespcct." Iti^high time,therefore,
tor those who believe that men have inalienable lights to
meet and giapple this monstrous ho ay. Tt well encaged the
attention of so intelligent a convention of colon d citizens
assembled in New England, the only poition ot the Union
where the lights of man, without distinction of color or
race, or class, or condition, are sccuied to him by the con-
stitutional guaiantees. It must sooner or later, and better
soon than late,arrest the seuous attention of the statesman
who hopes tot the peipetuity of the pnnciples upon which
the fiamework ot our Government was tounded.
IJcspectlully, jouis, II. L. DAWES.
William C. Neil, Esq.
Mr. ENGLISH. I am sure the gentleman will
allow me to say a single word, and that is, that I be-
lieve the constitution of Indiana is in all essential
respects the same as the constitution of Oregon,
and therefore the letter of the gentleman applies
just as well to Indiana as it does to Oregon.
Mr. DAWES. Allow me to ask the gentle-
man from Indiana whether the constitution of In-
diana prevents a negro from maintaininga suit in
her courts?
Mr. ENGLISH. The constitution of Indiana
denies to negroes and mulattoes the right to come
into that State to live; it forbids white men from
making contracts with thom, or employing them
in any capacity whatever; while it allows foreign-
ers to vote after they have declared their intention
to become citizens, and before they have taken
the final oath. In all other essential respects, too,
I think it coincides with the constitution of Ore-
gon.
Mr. DAWES. But I want to know whether
there is a State m the Union, except the State of
Oregon, in which a negro—I caie not how humble
or abject may be his condition—cannot maintain
in some way a suit in courts of law5
Mr. ENGLISH. I think it would be held in
my State that a negro coming there from another
State could not bring a suit there, for the reason
that the constitution and the laws deny him the
right to come into the State at all, or to make a con-
tract with anybody. He could not even contract
with a lawyer to attend to his case without viola-
ting the law.
Mr. HUTCHINS. When the distinguished
Scnatorfrom New York, [William H. Seward,]
in his Rochester speech in 1858, defined the an-
tagonism between free and slave labor to be an
irrepressible conflict, he announced a truth inher-
ent in the two systems, and coeval with slavery.
The same idea has been frequently expressed in
different forms by the opponents and advocates
of slavery in their discussions of the subject. If
Mr. Seward, in the statement of this truth, is en-
titled to the claim of originality, it is in the use of
words expressive of ideas. He has been repre-
sented as originating the antagonism, instead of
defining it. He in apt words clearly defined what
is patent to a student of history and to a careful
observer of passing events, namely: that there is
an ii reconcilable antagonism between freedom and
slavery. It is being demonstrated, if it never were
before, by the logic of events now transpiring.
The words freedom and slavery are expressive of
opposite ideas, and wherever the two systems
come in contact, there must necessarily be conflict
and antagonism. A line of policy which would
encourage fiec labor would discourage slave labor;
hence the conflict as to measures in the legislation
of Congress affecting the two systems of labor.
When, in fixing a tariff of duties upon imports,
with a view to make the annual revenues of the
Government equal its annual expenditures, a dis-
crimination is made upon such articles as free
labor produces, so as to afford incidental protec-
tion, then we find the advocates of free labor and
the advocates of slave labor in antagonism on this
floor. When it is proposed to encourage free
labor by inviting it to occupy and improve our
unoccupied public domain, by the passage of a
homestead law, then we encounter the same an-
tagonism. And so it is with every measure pro-
posed having the least relation to either system
of labor. The establishment of the fact of a con-
flict between freedom and slavery, does not, as a
logical sequence, determine which is right or which
is wrong. I propose,.therefore, briefly to examine
that question,and addressmyself to that inquiry.
The advocates of slavery upon this floor have
frankly and ably presented the question for our
consideration; and I propose to meet it. If the
system of fiec labor, as it exists in the free States
of this Union, is wrong, we ought, as honest
men, to abandon it, and adopt that higher type
of civilization, as it is claimed, which exists in
the slave States. If the system of slave labor,
as it exists in the slave States, is right, we ought,
under the Constitution of the United States, to
extend to it that protection which its advocates
claim for it. I maintain that slavery, as it exists
in the slaveholding States, is wrong in every as-
pect in which it can be viewed; wrong to the
slave; wrong to the slaveholder; an injury to the
material, industrial, political, social, educational,
moral, and religious prosperity of any people
who encourage or tolerate it; and, like all other
sins which afflict society, the sum total of its re-
sults is evil, and only evil. Slavery originated '
in motives of selfishness, of avarice, and of am-
bition; in an age wfien,by the teachings of those
motives, might was a synonym for right—when
the weak, and unfortunate, and the conquered
had no rights which the strong were bound to
respect. It is sustained at the present day, in
and out of this Hall, by^the same logic, and by
the same motives.
When the colonists of this country were ex-
pericncingthe oppressive effects of the tyrannical
measures of the Parliament and King of England,
tending to reduce them to political slavery, they
naturally began to inquire into the inherent rights
of man, as a subject of civil government; and that
inquiry, with the discussion incident to it, in the
light of the learning which the progress of society
up to that time had de\ eloped, resulted in the
adoption of "a platform" of political principles,
in harmony with the Divine law, which was in-
corporated into the Declaration of Independence.
The language is familiar to all, and I will not
quote it. It is a clear and concise statement of
the natural equality of all men to protection from
Government, and to the enjoyment of " life, lib-
erty, and the pursuit of happiness." It is erro-
neously asserted and unfairly contended that the
broad application, which the opponents of slavery
make of this language, secures to all classes and
conditions of people equality of social relations
and of political rights. Social relations are
prompted by natural affinities, and it is not the
appropriate object of Government to interfere with
them. Political rights emanate from Govern-
ment, and the extent which they are to be en-
joyed by and applied to particular persons, is
addressed to the sound discretion of the law-
making power. Natural rights emanate from the
Creator, and Government cannot therefore im-
properly interfere with them; and this is the sense
in which the Declaration of Independence declares
all men created equal. We do not deny to wo-
men their equality with men as to natural rights
because we do not allow them the civil right to
vote, and the same remark will apply to minors
and unnaturalized foreigners. This statement in
the Declaration, of the natural equality of men,
was the platform upon which the Revolution was
fought. Its inspiring sentiments were its war-
