2848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11.
hear the remarks which have fallen from the gen-
tleman from Maine, and I only regret that they
come just at the close of the session, when his !
friends oil that side of die House, who have the
majority of this body, have passed through so
many important measures under the operation
of this same previous question, of which he so
much complains. If this bill passed through in
such hot haste—and I acknowledge it—has it been
the only bill which has passed in the same way
during the present session of Congiess? And
who has done it? Not this side of the House.
From tl/e commencement of the session down to
the present time we have been asking, we have
been begging, gentlemen on that side of the House
not to force upon us the previous question on
every important measure which has passed this
body, and which has gone to such an extent that
even the gentleman from Maine, and the gentle-
man from Ohio, the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, have waked up to the effects
of this dangerous system of legislation.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Will the gentle-
man from North Carolina allow me to ask him
whether he voted for this naval pay bill ?
Mr. BRANCH. I did vote for that hill; but
if it had undergone a thorough investigation in
the House, I might, perhaps, have Keen the enor-
mities which the gentleman from Maine and the
gentleman from Ohio now seem to see in it, and
nave been induced to vote against it.
Now, sir, I have not complained that the pay
of the Navy is too high; but I have desired to
improve tins opportunity, afforded by the remarks
of tiie gentleman from Ohio and the gentleman
from Maine, to renew my protest against the sys-
tem of legislation which lias been adopted during
the present session by the majority of this House,
of forcing through the most important measures
without allowing any time whatever for discus-
sion or consideration. You, gentlemen on the
other side of the House, have the control of the
committees of the House. Y our side of the House
organized the committees. You mature the meas-
ures winch aie biought before us for considera-
tion. You report what you please, and you re-
fuse to leport what you please; and when you
have brought your measures before the House,
you put them under the operation of lynch law—
for it is very little better than lynch law—and you
fasten upon the country measures like that of
which you now complain as being extravagant
and unwholesome. Gentlemen 011 the other side,
do not attempt to fasten the responsibility of these
measures upon its. You are responsible for this
very measute, for not having it discussed and all
its enormities exposed, if it contained such enor-
mities as the gentlemen say it contains.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will my
friend from North Carolina allow me to ask him
if he voted to sustain the previous question upon
this bill ?
Mr. BRANCH. Certainly not.
Mr. WASliBURNli, of Illinois. Didthegen-
tleman vote for the suspension of the rules to
bring it before the House to be put through under
the previous question?
Mr. BRANCH. I think not. I do not remem-
ber, certainly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I voted
against the whole thing; and I intend to bring in
a bill to repeal it when I can get an opportunity.
Mr. BRANCH. I was going to say, that the
honorable gentleman-from Ohio, only three days
ago, assisted to force upon us the previous ques-
tion upon a bill which is to entail upon the Treas-
ury an obligation of more than five hundred thou-
sand dolhus. And the gentleman told us the other
day that he would not report any other appropri-
ation bill until his friends upon that side of the
House had had an opportunity of discussing
questions of general politics; in other words, to
read us lectures upon slavery and Free-Soilism.
The time of the House is to be taken up ill these
lectures 011 slavery and Free-Soilism; and when we
come to these bills involving millions of dollars,
when we come to the legitimate legislation of the
country, it is to be put through under the previous
question. We are to be allowed no discussion at
all.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to ask the gentleman
from North Carolina, if he will not admit, in all
fairness and justice, that for two months of the
present Congress the members on this side of the I
House listened with all patience to the worst
lectures that were ever read in the Congress of
the United States? I ask him if he does not think
they deserve some lecturing?
Mr. BRANCH. During the first two months
of the present session, when the House was in an
unorganized condition, when legislative business
could not be transacted, this side of the House
did indulge in debate. That side of the House
were called upon to speak, and they did not do it.
[Laughter on the Republican side.]
Mr. PERRY, by unanimous consent, withdrew
his amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am in-
structed by the Committee on Commerce to offer,
as an amendment, the following:
After line ten, page 1, insert:
For reducing, and prepaiing for printing ftnd engraving,
under the direction ol'Captain Cadvvaladci Ringgold, Uni-
ted States Navy, copies ot ail surveys and reconnoissanecs
made by him, while in command of the North Pacific sur-
veying expedition, of the Coral Archipelago, and the ap-
proaches thereto, together with the sailing directions, re-
port^, hydrographic and other lesultfj observations, and
explanations of the voyage, calculated to lessen the dangers
and facilitate intercourse with eastern seas, China and
Japan, §7,700.
For publishing the ten map3 now ready for engraving,
prepared by Coinniander Rodgers, ftmn lus fcurveys, while
in command ofj,aid expedition, 010.
Mr. Q.UARLES, I do not think the amend-
ment offered by the gentfbman is germane to this
bill. It is independent legislation. I make that
point of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In reply to
the gentleman, I would say that amendment is to
carry out an existing law. I can refer the Chair
to the statute which provided for this expedition,
and provided for the publication of these charts.
These charts have been engra\ ed,and this amount
is merely for the publication of them. Wtth our
increased commerce in that part of the country,
it is exceedingly desirable that they should be
published.
Mr. BURNETT. I believe the point of order
has not yet been settled. It must be decided be-
fore the gentleman proceeds.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. We cannot
tell whether it is in order, unless the gentleman
makes his statement of facts.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In volume
eleven of the Statutes at Large will be found the
laws m reference to this matter. I have a mem-
orandum of the law, and I have a letter of the
Secretary of the Treasury, and a very latge num-
ber of petitions from different portions of the
country, in relation to the publication of thes>e
charts.
Mr. &IJARLES. This discussion would be
very well upon the amendment itself, but not upon
the point of order
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is only in doubt
as to the character of the existing law. If the gen-
tleman from Illinois states that there is a law
authorizing the publication of these charts, the
Chair wilfrule the amendment in order. The
Chair is not advise d as to the character of the law.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the gentleman is
mistaken as to there being a law authorizing this
publication.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The law I
refer to makes nn appropriation for the publication
of charts of the exploration of the La Platte river,
and the charts of the surveys of the Behring
Stiait expedition.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why, then, has the Depart-
ment not been able to publish them?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Because the
appropriations wre not sufficient to publish them.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Illinois
very well understands that if there was any law
in existence authorizing this thing to be done,
the eost would have been estimated for, and we
would have voted the amount of money neces-
sarwto carry it out long ago.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Not by any
means.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is another difficulty,
A particular amount was appropriated for the
publication of a particular matter. When that
amount was expended, the law became an executed
law.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I can give
the date of the law, the volume, and the page.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Let us hear the law
mid.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the mat-
ter is not as I state, I will withdraw the amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. Upon the statement of the
gentleman in reference to the existing law, I will
rule the amendment in order.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois if the law to which he refers was not
simply an appropriation of a certain amount of
money to have this thing done in a general ap-
propriation bill, and nothing further? If that is
the case, thfe amendment is not in order.
TheCHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to make
the decision correctly; and if the gentleman will
read the law, he will make a final decision.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have now
the statutes before me. In volume eleven, page
45, of Statutes at Large, 1856, there will be found -
the following:
"To enable tiie Secretary of the Navy to publish tlio
charts of the explorations ot the La Platte nvcr and the
charts of the survev* of the lieiuing Strait expedition,
$25,286."
This is a matter in which I feel no earthly in-
terest, except that I desire to comply with what
are wants of commerce. The engraving has been
done, and the plaies are in the custody of the
Government, and this appropriation is to publish
those charts, so thatcommeice may have the ben-
efit of them.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman refer
to any law authorizing the engraving to be made ?
Mr. CRAWFORD. None.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do. On
!i page 246 of the same volume of the Statutes at
ii Large is the following law:
j; For prepaiing for pni>h<.ation the saivey? of the late
i expedition to the No>th Pnc.lie ocean and lielmng Stiait,
i! and for fuiniFhm-T tS'f pubiu-at'on <>•' tlu* obu-t-i urtde by
' the late expedition foj fie oxploi ulon and Mnvov of tiia
: LaPKitte nvei and tubiUanes.^S/ak) Provided, The whole
ji expense &luill not evceed the bum hei«bj apptoptiuted."
!j Mr. CRAWFORD. Exactly; " shall not ox-
! ceed the sum hereby appropriated."
| Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is the
I second law. Ni.w, on page 247 i« the following,
1 which was passed in 185G:
; "That the Becietarj of the Navy be, and lie Is hereby,
authouzed to cause to be extended and completed th > ex-
ploration of the Parana and the tributaries of the Para-
guay nver: Provided, That the expense thereloi bhaii not
cxceed >725,000, which are heieby appropriated fot that pui-
; pose, out of any money in the Tichmuj not otherwise ap-
j ptopriated."'
I Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Is this 'ebnfable?
J The CHAIRMAN. The Chair minks the
point of order has been debated quite to the ex-
tent of the rule, as general debate has been sus-
pended. The opinion of the Chair js, that the
laws that have been read are only laws author-
izing an appropriation of money; that the money
was appropriated, and thereby the force and power
of the law was expended; and that now money
; could not be appropriated for the purpose of car-
; rying out a law which has expended us force.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair, and I believe that
is debatable.
Mr. CRAWFORD. No sir.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask that the rule
may be read in reference to that point.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York appeals from the decision of the Chair on
ji the point raised by the gentleman from Tennessee,
'j The question is: <{ Shall the decision of the Chair
is stand as the judgment of the committee'"
|i Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The question I
II raise now is, whether the appeal is debatable.
: The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the Chair,
i, it is not. Debate has closed, as the Cluur is ad-
i, vised, by an order of the Hoube.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Then I withdraw
, the appeal.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to strike out lines
seven, eight, and nine:
"For pay of commission, wairant, and p°tty officers
and seamen, including the engmeei coip* ot the Navy,
$4,10*2,810 08."
The reason why I make the motion is, that I
( am tired of appropriatipgmoneyfor the Army and
the Navy when, absolutely? they are of no use
| whatevei. If the Navy were sunk to-day com-
| merce would not feci the least possible conceiv-
, able injury from it. The insurance of vessels on
| the ocean would not go up one half of one per
I cent.; and, in my view, we keep up this appropria-
