1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the President of the United States, transmitting a
reportfrom the Secretary of War communicating,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate of
the 1st of February, the information called for in
that resolution, relative to the payments, agree-
ments, arrangements, &c., in connection with the
heating and ventilating of the Capitol and Post
Office extensions; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds; and a
motion of Mr. Davis to print the report was re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Interior, submitting additional
estimates of appropriations for the Indian service
in Oregon and Washington for the current and
ensuing fiscal years; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GrWIN presented a joint resolution of the
Legislature of California, in favor of appropria-
tions for the following mail routes, &c., in the
northern portion of that State: weekly mail from
Cloverdale, Sonoma county, to Eureka, in Hum-
boldt county; a daily mail from Eureka toUnioti-
towri, Humboldt county; a weekly mail from
Uniontown, Humboldt county,"to Orleans Bar,
Klamath county, via Hooper Valley; a weekly
mail from EurCka to Mattole Valley, via Bear
river and Cape Mendocino; a weekly mail from
Uniontown to Crescent City, via Trinidad and
Gold Bluffs, Klamath county; a weekly mail from
Crescent City to Happy Camp, Del Norte county,
via Sailor's Diggins and Indian Creek; a weekly
mail from "VVeaverville, Trinity county, to the
forks of Salmon river, Klamath county, via Rattle-
snake, Grizzly Gulch, and Buelville, Klamath
county; an appropriation for a fog-gun and light-
house on Punta ae los Reyes; an appropriation
for a first.-class light on Cape Mendocino, which
is the most western point in the United States; an
appropriation for a breakwater at Crescent City,
Del Norte county, and Trinidad, Klamath county;
an appropriation to place buoys in Humboldt
bay and bar, and for movable beacon ranges by
which to cross the bar; in favor of creating a col-
lection district, to be composed of the counties of
Del Norte, Klamath, and Humboldt; and an ap-
propriation for the purpose of blowing up Blos-
som Rock, in the harbor of San Francisco; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a joint resolution of the Le-
gislature of California, requesting its Represent-
atives and instructing its Senators to use their
influence to have ail future contracts for the trans-
mission of the ocean mails made with such parties,
and over such routes, as will secure the greatest
dispatch in the transmission of the mails to and
from that State; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of Au-
gustus Steele, praying payment of an amount due
him for salary and expenses, while inspector of
customs at Tampa Bay, Florida; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
Joseph D. Walker, praying to be indemnified for
money lost in its transmission by mail; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. CAMERON presented six petitions of
manufacturers, coal operators, merchants, farm-
ers, mechanics, miners, and laborers, of Schuyl-
kill county, Pennsylvania, praying such a modi-
fication of the tarill' as will afford protection to the
industrial and productive interests of the country,
the abolition of, or a change in, the warehouse
system, and the substitution of specific for ad
valorem ditties; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. HAUN presented a joint resolution of the
Legislature of California, in favor of the estab-
lishment of a Sunday mail from San Francisco to
Sacramento, on occasions when the mail shall ar-
rive by sea or overland at the former city; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLINGMAN presented the petition of J.
Hendcbert, praying to be allowed salary as Uni-
ted States consul at Lyons, in France, during the
time he held that office; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. IVERSON presented the petition of the
surviving children of Ann Jackson, praying for
the arrears of pension due their mother; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of the surviving
children of Elizabeth Rowan, praying for the
arrears of pension due tlieir mother; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, it was
Ordered, That tile memorial of M. C. Gritzner, praying
compensation for damages sustained by the non-fuliillment
or a contract made by the Commissioner of Patents with
him, for the execution of the descriptions and illustrations
of patents, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Captain John B. Mont-
gomery, of the United States Navy, praying to be released
from his liability for an unpaid balance of public money
intrusted to him for recruiting purposes, and lost by the
failure of the bank in winch it was deposited, on the files
of tiie Senate, be referred to the Committee on Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the petition of J. W. Dyer,
A. L. Dyer, and W. W. Dyer, praying that an
amount of tonnage duties exacted from the ship
Corinthian may be refunded, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 237) for the relief
of J. W. Dyer, A. L. Dyer, and W. W. Dyer.
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing; and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the
memorial of L. W. Boggs, praying an appropri-
ation for his salary as alcalde and judge of the
first instance under the military government of
California, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration, and that it be referred to the
Court of Claims; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Horace E. Dimick,
praying remuneration for improvements made by
him in artillery, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the petition of
McFarland & Downey, praying that the amount
due them for rent of their house in Los Angeles,
California, occupied by the United States court,
from the 27th of October, 1854, to the 5th of Au-
gust, 1856, under contracts with the United States
marshal of that district, be paid, submitted a re-
port, accompanied by a bill (>9. No. 241) for the
relief of McFarland & Downey. The bill was
read, and passed to a second reading; and the
report was ordered to be printed. ,
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a paper in favor of a law to extend
the jurisdiction of the district courts of the United
States in the State of North Carolina, and to com-
pensate the clerks, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of George G. Barnard,
assignee of Hon. David C. Broderick, deceased,
praying the enactment of a law authorizing the
payment to him of the amount due said Broder-
ick for salary and mileage at the time of his death,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 179) for the con-
struction of a court-house in Appalachicola, in the
State of Florida, reported it without amendment,
and adversely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 54) to increase the
salaries of the judges of the United States for the
eastern and western districts of Texas, and to reg-
ulate the compensation of the attorneys and mar-
shals of the United States for said districts, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration,
believing this to be an inappropriate time for such
action; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 172) concerning the
courts of the United States in the district of Ar-
kansas. reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 153) relating to mar-
riages in the District of Columbia, reported it
without amendment, and adversely.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 42) for the relief of. the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of Mark Elisha, reported it without
amendment, and submitted a report; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the papers relating to the claim of
B. E. Edwards to land in New Mexico, submit-
ted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 240)
to confirm the title of Benjamin F*. Edwards to a
certain tract of land in the Territory of New Mex-
ico. ^ The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading; and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SIMMONS, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Samuel V. Niles, praying compensation for ser-
vices performed as a temporary clerk in the Gen-
eral Land Office, and the bill (S. No. 94) for the
relief of Samuel V. Niles, reported the bill with-
out amendment; and submitted a report, which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMMOND, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the memo-
rial of Lieutenant T. A. M. Craven , praying addi-
tional compensation during the time he was in
command of the expedition to make an explora-
tion and verification of the surveys made for a
ship canal near the Isthmus of Darien, to connect
the waters of the Atlantic and Pacific, by the
Atrato and Truando rivers, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 244) for the relief
of T. A. M. Craven. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading; and the report was
ordered to be printed.
r,ILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 243) to amend an act entitled "An act to pro-
vide for executing the public printing, and estab-
lishing theprices thereof,and forother purposes,"
approved August 26, 18®; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Printing,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
238) for the relief of M. C. Gritzner; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
CHARLES PEARSON.
Mr. HALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 239)
•for the relief of the legal representative of Charles
Pearson, deceased; which was read twice by its
title.
Mr. HALE. If the Senate will give me their
attention for two minutes, I shall ask tliem to put
this bill on its passage; and I think they will do
it. It is a bill to refund §140 to the legal repre-
sentatives of an insane man, who died m the in-
sane asylum at Concord, in March, last year. In
his insanity he paid what money he had to the
treasurer at Boston, under the idea that he had
great inventions that he was making. The Com-
missioner of Patents became satisfied that he was
insane, and was willing to refund the money, but
had no power to do so. A petition was sent to
Congress, which was referred to the Committee
on Patents and the Patent Office, last year, and
they unanimously reported in favor of refunding
the money; and the bill passed the Senate unani-
mously. The estate is poor, and the settlement
of it is delayed simply by the refusal to pass this
bill.
There beingnoobjection, the Senate,as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill, which directs the payment, to the legal rep-
resentative of Charles Pearson, late of Concord,
New Hampshire, deceased, of §140, being the
amount of money paid into the United States Pat-
ent Office by him whilst he was laboring under a
state of insanity.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
THOMAS BROWN.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred <*ie peti-
tion of Thomas Brown, of Florida, to report a bill
for his relief. It is to pay him for services as sec-
retary and clerk of the Territorial Legislature of
Florida. The old gentleman is about eighty years
