1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
190T
of its business activity, intelligence, and edu-
cational progress. Total annual transportation :
of mails for tin- year ending Jane 30, 1859, in !
Virginia, 4,006,725 miles, at ail annual cost of '
$378,872; and in New York, 6.686,488 miles, at ;
an annual cost of §462,806. The. Government !
expended, for the year ending June 30, 1859, for j
postal service in Virginia, $.510,801 03; and re- j
ceived during the same period, $255,075 70; be- i
ing an excess of expenditures over receipts of .
$255,725 33. The Government expended, during j
the same period, and for the same purpose, in j
the State of New York, §1,107,886 79, and re- j
ceived §1,553,680 34; being an excess of receipts |
over expenditures of §445,793 55. Will the Rep- j
rcsentatives of Virginia explain the cause of the j
difference between tiiat State and New York upon j
any other basis than the superiority of free over
slave labor? I submit to the judgment of the •
American people of all sections, that it is owing
solely to the cause that Virginia, against the opin-
ion of her early statesmen, has encouraged and
fostered the curse of human slavery; while New
York, in accordance with that opinion, and in the*
spirit of the Revolution, has abolished it.
For the purpose of showing that, in comparison
with freedom, slavery affects injuriously the pros-
perity of a State, I will institute a comparison
between fourteen free States and fourteen slave
States; namely, free States: Connecticut, Illinois,
Indiana, Iowa, Maine, Massachusetts, Michigan,
New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Ohio,
Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, and Vermont; slave
States; Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Missouri, Mis-
sissippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Ten-
nessee, Texas, and Virginia. These free States
have an area of 402,693 square lfiiles, and the slave
States have 849,323.
In soil, climate, and natural advantages, these
fourteen slave States are equal to the fourteen free
States named, and I think, in some respects, bet-
ter.
In 1850, the population of the free States named
was 13,036,934; and of the slave States, 9,521,237.
The value of real estate in the free States was
£2,406,309,987 ;in the slave States, {U,416,102,42L
The moral, social, and educational condition of
tlic same States compare as follows: value ot
churches in the free States, ^66,972,525; m the
slave States, §21,234,226. Public schools in the
free States, 61,008, with 2,711,035 pupils; public
schools in the slave States, 18,313, with 572,891
pupils. The annua! income of public schools ill
the free States, ^(>,663,603; in the slave States,
§2,676,173. Tile wlutu population at the same
period vAs: m the tree Slates, 12,o-12,2i9; m the
slave States, 6,113,308. The number of scholars
in colleges, academies, and public schools, was:
in the free States, 2,878,291; and in the slave
States only 687,891. The number of free white
peisoiis, over the age of twenty-one, at this pe-
riod, who could not read or write, was: in the
free States, 411,036; in the slave States, 508,340.
The Postmaster General's report of this year,
to which I have befoie referred, shows the fol-
lowing facts: total annual transportation of mails
in these free States, 38,773,154 miles, at an an-
nual cost of $3,327,060: in these slave States.
37,017,511, at an annual cost of 54.745,329; being
carried in tho free States 1,765,643 miles further,
at a cost of $1,618,269 less than in the slave
States.
The postal expenditures for the _same period
were as follows: in the free States, ^5,513,169 68;
in the slave States, $5,942,092 65; and receipts,
as follows: in the free States, ^5,052,958 14; m
the slave States, $1,908,037 98. The expenditures
in the slave States being ^428,932 97 more than
in tho free States, and the receipts §3,144,920 16
less. Tho table which I have prepared will show
the result in each State, and a comparison can be
instituted, severally or in the aggregate, and the
result will be about the same. [See table in pre-
ceding page.]
If tin; system of slavery, as it exists m the
fourteen slave States I have named, is right—best
for the master and slave—and one to be fostered
and cneourasrul upon the principles of humanity
and true political economy, why is it that these
slave States compare so unfavorably, severally
and in the aggregate, with the free States I have
named ? I think it would be well lor some of the
mercurial-tempered ;,dvoealesoi'slavery upon this
, floor to answer this question, and others of a sim-
ilar import which might be put to them, relative
( to the effect of slavery upon the prosperity of the
slave States, instead of applying to us, who op-
pose the system, all the unparliamentary billings-
j gate which a bad taste and a worse temper call
I suggest. The disparity between freedom and sla-
j very is too uniform to be accidental. I have only
; given a few of "the actual results" of slavery,
: which might be "industriously paraded as clouis
S of witnesses against the institution." The census
i statistics now being collected will show more un-
! favorably against slavery than those of 1850, and
' every returningdecade will widen the gap between
i freedom and slavery. The reason is too obvious
I to need argument to show it. Slave labor is forced
and mere hand labor, and has none of the motives
of reward which stimulate free labor; and the con-
sequence is, that slave labor does not originate,
and cannot bring to its aid, the numberless labor-
saving inventions which have contributed so much
to the industrial enterprise and prosperity of the
free States.
I refer thcgentleman from Alabama [Mr. Curhy]
to the Patent Office for "clouds of witnesses
against the institution." Slavery is a war of one
: class of the community against the other, and
' slave-holding States are constantly in a state of
war, and arc, in fact, under the terrors of martial
law. Their means are wasted in patrol surveil-
lance and overseeism. The history of the free and
slave States in this country shows to my mind
conclusively, what ethical writers havecontended
to be true, that just dealing, for States as well as
for individuals, is the best policy m the end. ft
is time tho American people and politicians were
, beginning to understand, what Dr. Davy longsiucc
! asserted to be true, " that injuring one class for
! the immediate benefit, of another, is ultimately in-
! jurious to that other; and that, to secure prosperity
I to a community, all interests must be consulted."
Upon this point I therefore conclude, upon a re-
examination of the opinions and speculations of
theearlvfathersofthe Republic,and " from actual
results, " they were right in pronouncing slavery
an evil to be "deplored and to be got nd of as soon
as practicable. ' The advocates of slavery, with a
view to shield their system from attack, and to
add sanction to it in the popular mind, assume for
it a constitutional recognition; that, as a system,
the Constitution gives it a legal guarantee. _ This
is meie assumption, and has no foundation in fact.
I deny that the Constitution, upon ally fair con-
struction, regards slaves as property; but, on the
contrary, it treats them as persons; allows them
to be counted as a basis of representation. The
article relating to fugitives from labor is sometimes
referred to as'recognizing the property charactei
of slaves; but here again they are regarded as
persons, and not property. It is admitted that
tins clause relates to minors and uppienlices, as
well as slaves; and will any one claim teat chileren j
and appientices are treatedjus property, and are |
declaied to be property? They are,
i ,i . . _i   nnu~
^   j , , as much as
11 slaves arc by this clause. The Constitution found
, slavery existing in the States by force of the laws
|! thereof, and there it left it; giving to no depart- ,
j[ mcnt ot the General Government eiuect contiol
■ over it; and thei'e the Republican party, as a po-
'i iitical question, are willing to leave it. It is ad-
:| mitted by all—at least 1 have not heard it denied—
I j that a State can abolish slavery whenever it may
<! desire to do so; but if the Constitution of the
United States recognizes slaves as property, how
could a State legally abolish slavery? The Con-
stitution would be superior to the State law; and
as there seems to be no end to the assumptions of
slavery, this may bo the next plank to bo spiked
on to a Democratic platform.
Acco'-ding to the gentleman from Alabama, sla-
have been represented as holding;, the scales ofjustf
ice. I quote against it the opinions of .every ele-
mentary law Writer and every ethical writer of
note from the dawn of civilization to the present
time. And there I am willing to leave this modern
postulate of human bondage, except so far as it
forms the predicate of the territorial policy of the
Democratic party.
The Republican party proposes, to the extent of
its constitutional power, to limit and restrict sfci^
very, and thereby return to the policy ofthe fathers,
which made freedom the rule and slavery the ex-
ception. The dictates of humanity and the pol-
icy of enlightened statesmanship alike urge the
party forward. We have seen that the controlling
element of the unexampled prosperity of out-
country has been free labor, and we have pros-
pered in spite of slavery, and not in consequence of
it. If the predicates of slavery and the Democratic
party be true; if tho Constitution, proprio vigors,
extends slavery into the Territories, as claimed
in theDred Scott case; if slavery exists in Kansas
and other Territories by the same rule that it does
in the slave States, as asserted by President Bu-
chanan, then sluveiy is the rule and freedom the
exception in this Government, and there is nothing
to prevent its domination and control everywhere
in the Republic.
These positions, and the policy'which itlogically
leads to, would reverse the motive power of our
civilization and.progress, and run our institutions
rapidly back into the dark ages.
The leading politicians of the Democratic party_
have so far reversed the principles and policy of
that party, by incorporating into its platform tho
increasing demands of sUtvery, that they have
run it as far back as Ch>\rloston;and there, if our
telegrams are .to be relied upon, they have run it
off the track, and a break-up is the result. _ This
event, which may be regarded as a calamity by
some, by the inscrutable dispensations of Him who
can make the wrath of man to praise him, may
! result in savins much of the valuable material of
! which the Democratic party is composed from
| further destruction. It will at least teach men the
i folly of attempting to jump on to the platform
! of a tram having a backward motion. It isdiffi-
! cult for usherc,among the confused rumors which
reach us, t j determine what the Charleston con-
vention has done or will do. The Democrats North
will, I have no doubt, as heretofore, yield sub-
stantially to the demands of the slave power; and
the party will incorporate into its platform the pro-
tection of slavery in the Territories. Thecontest
is now mainly between those who maintain the po-
sition that sla very exists in theTerritories by virtue
of its property character, under .the Constitution,
and those who deny the predicate and the conclu-
sion. There is, or lias been, a middle ground of
policy, (for I cannot discover any principle jn it,)
of which Senator Docclas is the expounder, if
not the originator, which I cannotatthis moment
better characterize than to call it the Priest and
Levite policy; passing by on the other side of
slaves ill the Territories, and allowing them to
perish as persons or property, as the case may
be, among the thieves of Jericho, who may first
happen to squat upon the public domain, " not
caring whetherslavery is voted up or voted down."
This position and its artful author and aavocate
will soon be, if they are not already, politically
ground to powder between the controlling forces
of the upper millstone of freedom and the nether
millstone of slavery.
Mr. Chairman, slavery has sought refuge, as a
last hiding place, under the protection of the Su-
preme Court; and if the present policy of the
Democratic party is to prevail, that tribunal is
hereafter to controland determine whatlawsshall
be.cnacted by the law-making power for the gov-
ernment of the Tenitories. The slaveholdmg
very exists in tlic State where the owner dwell:
exists out of tlic State; exists in the Temtories,
exists everywhere, until it comes within the limits
of sovereignty, which prohibits it.'' Slavery, then,
according" to this new dogma, like our atmos-
pheie, occupies all the unoccupied space oil the
globe, and fully possesses the attribute of ubiquity.
Tho gentleman gives us no authority but his
assertion, which i suppose is the result of ins ic-
examination of the question. 1 quote against it
the records of the decisions of every court ot re-
spectability in Christendom since courts ot law
tuted to determine the rights of individuals prop-
erly before them. Neither Congress nor the
people of a Territory arc hereafter to have any
u say or responsibility upon the question of slavery.
; Xhe slave power is unwilling to trust the popular
will, as reflected through Congress or the people
of a Territory, who are more'immediately inter-
ested in the question of slavery, with this question.
Mr. Chairman, it is not the first time wo have
heaid of an effort of despotism to shield ijsclf be-
hind technicalities and courts for protection; anu
