1908
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
I point gentlemen to a noted case in English his- i
tory, where Charles I. contended, tinconstiUition-
ally, that he had arightto exact ship-money from
English subjects without the authority of an act
of Parliament. He undertook to do it; and the
question was submitted to the court of exchequer.
John Iiampden tested the matter; and he and his
lawyers argued it for twelve days with the law-
yers of the Crown The King got his decision
from a perhaps venal, at all events a willing, ju-
diciary. The judges stood eight to four—about
the same majority as there was in the Dred Scott
case.
But did he succeed in collecting his ship-money?
He did not; and an indignant public opinion com-
pelled a reversal of the judgment; and this will
be the result of the Dred Scott ruling. The peo-
ple have the lawful power to reorganize the judici-
ary, if necessary, giving all the people a fair rep-
resentation on the bench;and the inevitable course
of events will vacate the seats now filled by the
present judges, and othermenwiil occupy their
places, and then we shall see how long the Dem-
ocratic party and the slave power will sing hosan-
nas to the judgment of the Supreme Court. The
slave power will then repudiate it, as the Demo-
cratic party did when it decided a bank consti-
tutional. "\Vlnle I admit that a decision made by
that court, in a rase properly before it, is binding
upon the parties, I fully concur with the able ar-
gument submitted to this House a few days since,
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Conk-
ling,] that it is not binding upon Congress. We
arc bound to support the Constitution as we un-
derstand it,. The geijtleman from Virginia [Mr.
MillsuvI very pleasantly told us yesterday—
and I have no doubt sincerely, for his candor and
ability command the respect of this side of the
House—that the Republicans were aboutas pow-
erless as if struck with lightning, on account of
that decision. If that court is not struck with
something woi'se than lightning, then T am mis-
taken in the effect of popular thunder. The free
people of this count] y will not submit to have
their Territories converted into slave States at the
dictation of the Supreme Court of the United
States.
Mr. DUNN. Will the gentleman from Ohio
allow me to interrupt him a moment:
Mr. HUTCH1NS. Certainly, ^r.
Mr. DUNN. Thegenth-man is agitating, and
persists in agitating, the slavery question in \ iola
lion of the resolution adopted at the national Dem-
ocratic convention held at Ballmioiv in 1H.V2. and
readopted at the convention of I he same party held
at Cincinnati in 18i)C, and 1 believe adopted n^am
by the convention now in session at, Charleston,
alter more than a week's previous ngitotion of
the same question. I send the resolution to the
Clerk, and desire him to read it.
The Clerk read the lesolution, as follows :
" Ret>oloerf, That the Democratic p<uty will i esibf all at-
tempts at renewing in Congre^, or out o! it, the agitation
of the slaverv question, under whatever shape oi color the
attempt may be made."
Mr. DUNN. I desired to have this resolution
read, that the country may observe how few Dem-
ocratic practices conform to Democratic profes-
sions.
Mr. NIBLACK. I want to know what the
point is that my colleague desires to make. 1 do
not see any point in it.
Mr. DUNN. I cannot supply the gentleman
with perceptions.
Mr. NIBLACK. I think the Whig party, of
which my colleague was a member, passed sim-
ilar resolutions at the same time. ,
Mr. HUTCH1NS. I-Vish to state that the Re-
publican party, us sucii, is not responsible for any
of these platforms.
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina, addressed the
committee for one hour, on the question of slavery
in the Territories. [His speech will be published
in the Appendix.]
Mr. HALE obtained the floor; but yielded to
Mr. BUFF1NTON, who moved that the com-
mittee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So Use committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Curtis reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration the Union generally,
and particularly House bill No. 338, to provide
for the payment of outstanding Treasury notes,
to authorize a loan, to regulate and fix the duties
on imports, and for other purposes; and had
come to no conclusion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. CURTIS, (at
a quarter past four o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, Mnj 3, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
CHICKASAW TRUST FUND.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
annual report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
showing the state of the Chickasaw trust fund;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
NEW ORLEANS POST OFFICE.
The SPEAKER also kid before the House
a communication from the Postmaster General,
transmitting copies of letters relating to an appro-
priation for finishing and furnishing the rooms in
! the custom-house at New Orleans designed for
j tin: post office; which was referred to the Com-
l mittee of Ways and Means.
| HARRIET F. FISHER, ETC.
j Mr. BOTELER, by unanimous consent, rc-
( ported from the Committee pn Military Affairs
i a bill for the relief of Harriet F. Fisher, adminis-
tratiix of M. W, Fisher, deceased, and Richard
M. Bouton; which was read a first and second
time, referred touCommittce of the Whole House,
and ordered to be printed.
CHANGK OF HOUSE LIBRARY.
Mr. LEAKE. I send up to the Clerk's desk,
and ask to have read, a communication from the
House Librarian on a question in which every
member of the House and every district in the
| United States is equally interested.
i The Cleik read the following communications;
i CtruK's OFFICE.
j JlnrsK ok Rki'ri;m-:n cativcs. United >Sta i'fs,
: VV v sin VGTON, March -28.1860.
fc*iR . I have the honor h> inelo.-.r a letter iron) Mr. Chaf-
' fee, Lihiarinn o* the floiw, >uh1 t<> / ommond it to the
; t'.u urabli' con-ideiattou of th.it bodv.
\eiv K^pectially, youi-<, W. FOKIYEY.
( Hon. U'ir.MvM I'lwninotox,
j Speaker House of liciiracntafii c*. Tainted States.
' To the C/n /. of the House of Representatives of the United
| State;
i Sir- I (levin' to rail youi attention to the condition of
; the lloiw hhraiy. This Iibiarv consists of about seventy
, thousand hound volumes-, that aie now deported in the
! er\pt-of tin: old Capitol in tiuuiyuhir, vault-like loom*,
; many wf winch are only lighted aitihcially, and none of
! which can be propeily ventilated: and all of which aie so
1 damp that the books nie constantly Mifleniig injury, and
! to lepair winch costs t=eveuil thousand dollar annually.
' .Added to this, there is not shelf-room foi a veiy laige por-
tion of the hooks, and they now he piled up in the eommit-
' tee-room** of the old Capitol.
In this state of nflair^, it is utterly impossible to take
1 pioper care, with a view to Us piescrvauon and perpetuity,
| oi this documentary history of the Government; nor is the
| present hliiuiy foice Milhcient to ti.in^aet the business 0!
tlic libra'v. No amount of care and ingenuity can propeily
; ventilate the looms in whieh these hooks are placed ; and
; while tl.e.v aie piled ptoniifcuously m heap-, ean twice the
j neec-saiy loice iequued, when piopcily placed, furnish the
hook - a> called for by tho.-e seeking in lot mat ion fiom them.
! During the leces- of Congiess veiy little attention is be-
i stowed u|jon the^e book*; the gas is not kept burning in
1 the ciypK the moisture accumulate, the glue is softened,
,| the bindings are loof-ened, and the ieifer-press is defaced
by accumulated mold. Tins libiary is the documentary
hi.-toty ot the transactions of the Government m all its de-
partments from its organization to the present time, and
should be preserved with the utmo-t care. Weieitde-
stioyed, ib lo-s would be incalculable. That it is fast
going to destruction, must be manifest to any one who will
take' the trouble to examine into its pie^ent condition.
What shall be done to preserve it, is the question submitted.
Unlv one remedy presents itself—to furnish a suitable room
in which these books ean be kept. To accomplish this
Indispensable object, two methods have suggested them-
selves. First, and to my mind the most deniable, is to
appropriate the old Hall of Representatives to the use of the
library. Tin* can be accomplished by a close lailed pas-
sage-way through the centei of the Hall, with a glazed
ceiling, and using otie bide for books and the other for doc-
uments. This arrangement would accommodate the libraiy
for twenty-five years, for it would turnish shclf-ioom for a
half million of volumes; and the cost of fitting tiie room as
suggested, is estimated by the architect of the Capitol to
be from five to ten thousand dollars. One objection to this
use of the old Hall is, substantially, that it was the theater
of magnificent forensic displays of the <k fathers," and a
strong dislike is lelt that the place should ever be used for
mere business put poses. I would respectfully suggest that
the very best possible use it could now be put to, js to make
it the depository of the authentic history of their great acts
and great actions. It is for the Ilous>e of Repic^entatives
to say wiiether this, to my mind, most desirable change
shall be made.
Another plan, that would atfoid temporary relief, is to
finish the attic of the connecting corridor between the old
and new Halls, with shelves for books, that will accommo-
date some twenty thousand volumes; to cut a door from
this connecting corridor to the Speaker's gallery in the old
Hall, cut up the front of the galleiy, and fill it with shelves
that would accommodate some thirty thousand volumes;
fill with shelves the passage-way leading fiom the offices
of the old Hall to the stairs, which, it is estimated, will
contain some ten thousand more: This would remove the
books from the vaults and crypts and damp looms, and
would remedy the evil, so far as the desuuetion of the
books is concerned. But the relief would only be tempo-
rary, for it must be recollected that these books are accu-
mulating at the rate of about fifteen hundred volumes per
year, and what would be ample accommodation this year,
would be cramped and confined next, and so on ; and by
the filth year new accommodations must be sought, or the
books be placed, as they aie now, in heaps, in deseited
committee-rooms.
What I would recommend over every other place, is,
then, to convert the old Hall into a mausoleum of the he-
roic dead, that the recoid of their deeds may be preserved
to their posterity. C. C. CHAFFEE.
Washington, District of Columbia, March 28, i860.
Mr. LEAKEl. 1 would now offer the follow-
ing preamble and resolution, and then I will ask
leave to make a brief statement to the House:
Whereas it appears fiom the report of the Librarian of
the House library, communicated to this House by the
Clerk, on the 2Sth of Maich, 1860, tbat the books and doc-
uments in that department arc in such a condition as to re-
quire some speedy action for their safe bestowal in another
part of the Capitol building, and that a plan for the removal
of the library from its pie^ent location to the old Hall was
prepared arid presented to the former Cierk of this House.
Mr. Allen: Theicforc,
Resolved, That the ^abject-matter of the report of the
Libiarian be referred to the Clerk of the House, who, in
consultation with the Commissioner of Public Buildings,
the Superintendent and Architect of the Capitol extension,
and the Committee #>n Public IJuildmgs and Grounds of
this House, shall make arrangements for the removal of the
House library to the old Hall^ or to such other part of the
building as may seem most suitable therefor.
The facts stated in the leport of the Librarian
are unquestionably true, as every gentleman in the
House may inform himself of at any moment he
pleases, if ho has not already informed himself of
them. Many of these books are actually packed
up in boxes; all of them are in inconvenient lo-
calities, and are scattered about, as is stated by the
Librarian, in crypts and corners. The actual cost
of rebinding books last year, rendered necessary
by the neglected state in which they are attempted
to be preserved, .was between nine and ten thou-
sand dollars. Of that I am credibly informed on
the best authority. I understand, furthermore,
that this necessity of rebinding is an annually-
recurring one. Now, while that of itself consti-
tutes an item that deserves attention, y£t it is not
of so much importance from the amount involved
as it is from Us illustrating the fact that the books
are not kept in a state of preservation, and cannot
be, with the facilities that the Librarian now has
As to the expenditure that would be caused by
the removal of the library to the old Hal!, if the
change be ordered, I understand that, although it
is estimated at from five to ten thousand dollars,
it would probably reach from ten to twenty thou-
sand dollars. I should not care whether the cost
would be from forty to fifty, thousand dollars, I
would still be in favor of the change, for the reasons
already indicated. If you have an annual expend-
iture of nine or ten thousand dollars, for rebind-
ing, it would be, as a mere economic question,
better to spend the principal of which that sum
is the interest in fitting up a place where they can
be kept properly; but still, as I have said just
now, that is not the leading view 1 take of the mat-
ter. The great object of the proposed change is
twofold: first, to preserve the public records, and
second, to place them where they will be accessi-
ble to the members of the House.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
resolution ?
Mr. Mcpherson, t object.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to the
resolution, if it be simply referred to the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds, and if that com-
mittee be allowed to investigate the matter. This
proposed change might necessitate a large expend-
iture of money, and I think we should have the
report of a committee on it before it is acted on.
Mr. PEYTON. The Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds have had the matter under
consideration, and have made an examination of
the building referred to in the report of the Libra-
rian. The majority of the committee is opposed
