THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
a large navy, but I do desire that the character of
the vessels we do have shall be such as the nation
will not be ashamed of. I know that the time was,
and I believe it has not yet departed, when we
were all'proud of those old sea dogs who have
"gone aloft," like Decatur, and Jones, and Perry;
and 1 trust that we will do nothing, in our race
aftef economy, to cripple the Navy. Let enough
be appropriated to support it on an economical
and moderate scale, but do not let it rot.
Mr. HATTON. I desire to appose the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Morrill.] I do not wish to be understood
as entertaining any prejudice against the Navy, or
against those 44 sea dogs" spoken of by the gen-
tleman, of whom all American citizens ought to
be proud. But, as I understand this provision of
the bill which the gentleman proposes to amend,
it is not for the advantage of these " sea dogs;"
not for the advantage of the gallant men who walk
the decks of our ships, but for the advantage of
those engaged about the navy-yards, where these
repairs are made, and in which a very largo pro-
portion of the corruption that exists in our Navy
Department is to be found. I am satisfied that
this is the part of the naval service in which there
is the grossest amount of corruption. It has been
a part of my business, during this session of Con-
gress, to look alittle into the Navy expenditures,
and I am satisfied that the only way to checkthis
corruption is to adopt some such amendment as
that offered by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman.]
I suggest to the committee that the expend-
itures for the Nftvy in the year 1850 were only
about eight million dollar**; during the year
1858-59 they were $Ki,000,000. 1 wish further
to call the attention of the committee to the fact,
that in 1850, when wo had seventy-seven ships,
the expenses of the whole Department were only
about eight million dollars, while now, when we
have only seventy-eight ships, and absolutely
fewer guns on board than we had m J8.">0, the
expenses have been raised to $13,000,000.
Now, in connection with this particular appro-
priation, which is to go to the navy-yards for the
repair of ships, 1 wish to quote some authority
from distinguished members of the Democratic,
party in relation to the manner in which this
money is expended, to which I ask the attention
of members on all sides of the Hall.
A distinguished Senator from the State of Ohio,
[Mr. Pncii,] speaking of the abuses m the navy-
yards, from the appropriation of money for the
repair of ships, said recently, in the other end of
this Capitol:
"There miiM be abuses in the Navy; theie tntht be
shameful ptofhguey at «ome place, tf Al,'>,()ik).0()o e.mnot
giveuH a Navy that doc* not even useabove the digmtv
of a ahum."
Another Senator said:
"A Demoeiatic member of Congie-.^ from the Slate of
Now Voile, in icply to a remat k oi mine ahouuhe huge ex-
penditure* and small ionium, told me that, in Ins opinion,
In one of the navy-yards— I shall not ^pceify which--two
thirds of the money w«t« shameuvUy "
And another Senator, speaking in reply to thai
Senator, said:
" I think it in very probable, yir; for it I - mj expeiietiee
that two thirds of the money wo vote foi this puipo^e i-i
wanted.M
Another distinguished Senator, in the same de-
bate, said:
"The e.\pen«e^ of the French navy are only $*.21,000,000.
Ours are neatly $10,000,000. The French navy counMour
orflvehumlred ship-; onr-i, but seventy. Yet ourexpense*
approach very nearly to thcus."
Now, Mr, Chairman, I say, if we want to put
a stop to this corruption that exists in these navy-
yards—corruption which the gentlemen upon /111
sides of this Chamber admit to exist—let us cut
down the appropriation, and then those who use
this money corruptly, will not have it to use, and
the corruption will of necessity ccase. I therefore
oppose the amendment of the member from Ver-
mont, and express the hope that the amendment
of the honorable rnen>ber from Ohio ("Mr. Sher-
man] will be adopted by tiji# committee,
Mr, CRAWFORD. I mo\e that the commit-
tee do now liscj and 1 make, the motion for ilje
purpose of having debate closed on this para-
graph, from line eighteen to line twenty-nine, in-
clusive. The House has as much information
upon this subject as it possibly can get by a dis-
cussion for hours.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I gave notice
that X desired to introduce an amendment in con-
nection with this section.
Mr. CRAWFORD. No amendments will be
cut off.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. But you propose
to cut off debate.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Only down to the twenty-
ninth line.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. But 1 desire to
offer an amendment to that portion of the bill;
and I wish to debate it.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Georgia insist on his motion ?
Mr. CRAWFORD. I do.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I hope it will be
voted down.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggestto the gentleman
that he limit his motion for the present to the
first item.
Mr. CRAWFORD. It is suggested by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
that I had better propose to close debate on the
pending amendment only. I will accept that sug-
gestion.
Mr. McPHERSON. I demand tollers on the
motion to rise.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Noell and
Waldron were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes seventy-two, noes not counted.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
under consideration the Navy appiopriation bill,
and had eome to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move to close debate on
the paragraph of the bill commencing on line nine-
teen and ending on line twenty-nine.
Mr. PHELPS. I suggest to the gentleman
that he confine his motion to lines eighteen and
nineteen.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I have no objection to that.
I move, then, to close debate on lints eighteen and
nineteen, and the amendments pending thereto.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's motion
should be to close debate on a paragraph or sec-
tion, and not on lines. The rule upon the subject
will be read.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
u The llou-e may, by the vote of a majority of tlio mom-
hei> pie.sent alany nun: auei five minute--'debate h<e< taken
ptaec upon pioptwed amendments to any section or pata-
giaph oi a hill, eio^o all debate upon ssueh section ot para-
graph at then election, oi on the pending amendment only."
Mr. FLORENCE. Is the proposition debata-
ble? [Cues of "No!" "No!"] I merely d<?sii e
to say that I am opposed to closing debate, be-
cause gentlemen cannot have an opportunity of
defending their people from the attacks which
have been made upon them.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. CRAWFORD. At the suggestion of the
chairman of the Commit'tee of Wa^sand Means,
1 will move to close debate upon the whole para-
graph, from line eighteen to line thirty-three in-
clusive, so that any amendments can be offered,
but without discussion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended: and the
IIoiH'p resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Kellogg,
of Illinois, in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the Navy appropriation bill.
Mr. MORSE. I understood the gentleman
from Georgia to call the previous question upon
the paragraph, leaving the amendments open for
discussion.
The CHAIRMAN. Under the rule, debate is
closed both upon the paragraph and the amend-
ments,
Mr. MORRILL, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
The question recurred upon the adoption of
Mr. Sherman's amendment.
Mr. GfARNETT called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Craig, of
Missouri, and Marston, were -appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 74, noes 39.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. No quorum has
voted.
Mr. BRANCH. I submit that it is too late to
make the point that there is no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will order a
recount. The tellers will resume their places.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 101, noes 45.
So the amendment was agreed-to.
Mr. MORSE submitted the following amend-
ment:
Amend on page 2, by striking out all after the word " pro-
vided," in the twentieth line, to the words " of the,J,in the
twenty-seventh line, as toHows:
"That not more than §o,000 shall be expended in any
navy-yaid m the lepair of any vessel until the necessity of
such repair, and the piobablecosat thereof, is ascertained by
the report of a boaid of not less than thiee officers of the
Navy, with such one of the naval constructors as the De-
partment may designate ; and that it shall be the duty ot the
Secietary to cause a &iuvey to be made by a board ot ntual
otlicers, m connection with a naval constructor;" and in-
serting m lieu theieof, as follows ;
That not more than $-3,000 shall be expended at any
navy-yard in lepairing the hull and spars ot any \essel un-
til the. necessity and expediency ot such lepair, and the
probable cost thereof, be a&ceitained and reported to the
Navy Department by an examining board, to be composed
of one captain or commander in the Navy, to be appointed
by the Secretary of the Navy, the naval constiuctor of tliy
yard wheto any vessel may be ordered for repair1?, and two
matter workmen of such yard, cr one mastei woikman and
an engineer of the Navy, according to the nature of the le-
pairs to be made, said mastei woikmcn and engineer to be
designated by the head of' the bureau of Construction and
Repairs ; and notmore than $1,000 shall be expended in le-
pans on the sails and ngsing of any vessel until the expe-
dieney and necessity of Mich repairs, and the estimated cost
theieof, have been ascertained and reported to the Navy
Depaitment by an examining board, to be composed of one
naval olltcer to be appointed by the Secretary of the Navy,
and the master rieger and master sailmaker of the yard
where such vessel may be oidered; and it shall be the duty
of the Secretary ot the Navy to cause a survey to be made
by a board of two naval officers,a naval constructor, and a
chief engineer.
Mr. MORSE. Am I at liberty to explain this
amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN. Debate has been closed
upon the paragraph.
Mr. MORSE. I desire, by unanimous consent,
to say a single word.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have no wish to inter-
fere with the gentleman from Maine more than
with any other gentleman in the House: but 1
must object.
Mr. FLORENCE. If I understand it, debate
was closed upon the two amendments then pend-
ing; but notuponthis, which has just been offered.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I call the gentleman to
order; and I ask the Chair, if there is any power
in this House to do it, to enforce the rule.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will endeavor
to enforce the rule to the fullest extent in his
power.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, sir, I submit this
question of order: that it is always in order to ask
information from the Chair for the purpose of as-
certaining the exact question under consideration.
That is all I desire to do.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, sir, I insist upon my
right. The House has put the gag upon all de-
bate, and 3 insist upon my right to ask a question
for information.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise to a question of
order. I submit that members of the House must
listen to the proceedings of the House to ascer-
tain what is taking place, and that they have no
right to ask questions of tlie Presiding Officer.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chairman sustains
the question of order of the gentleman from Geor-
gia. The rule is imperative upon the committee.
Debate has been closed; and it is not in order to
propound any question to the Chair, if objection
be made.
Mr. MORSE. I hope the gentleman from
Georgia will not interpose any objection against
givinginc two or three minutes to explain this
important amendment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I would withdraw ob-
jection as soon for the gentleman from Maine as
for any one, but I cannot do it. I want to get
through with this bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
