I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®
   x   
Mr. WINSLOW*. I move now to amend by
striking out the residue of the paragraph.
The words proposed to be stricken out were
read, as follows:
" Of the *ailiiY$ vessels o/ the Navy, to ascertain which
of tliem can piotitably be fitted up with auxiliary steam
power; and that,in the expenditure of the money hereby
appropiiated, he shall, so far as the same may be applied
to sailing vessels, employ the same, as far as practicable,
in supplying such ves.sels with auxiliaiy steam power."
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I move to amend
the words proposed to be stricken out by the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, by substituting the
word " full" for the word "auxiliary;" so as to
make it read "full steam power."
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia rose.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Virginia rise to a question of order?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. No, sir, the House
is already in too good order to make it necessary
to do that. I rose to say a word upon this amend-
ment; but I understand that no debate is in order.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Harris, of
Maryland, was disagreed to.
Mr. Wnrstow's motion to strike out was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 submit the following
amendment:
For purchase of saltpeter for the use of the Navy .$50,000,
to be expended at the rate of ,^10,000 pet annum.
I will send up, to be read, a letter from the bu-
reau of Ordnance, with one from the Navy Depart-
ment, which will explain the necessity there is
for the amendment. The amendment meets the
concurrence of the Navy Committee, and I believe
• no member of the Committers of Ways and Means
will object to it:
The letters were read, as follows:
BuAeac or Ordnance and Hydrography,
Jlpril 26, i860.
Sir: E respectfully refer you to my repoit to the Secre-
tary of the Navy, dated October 4. 185U, mping the propri-
ety of an appiopriation of ^10,000 a year foi the purpose of
Increasing: the ^toc'.c of saltpeter for the Navy, which now
con&ists o't aboutthroe Lunched and fiity thousand ixyimK
Tins very necessary at tide ot war can only be obtained
from Tndia, and in c;w of a collision with Gieat Untam,
the supplj would be cut off. It seems to me the pat tor*
wisdom to increase thfj stock now, in time of peace, to at
least three million pounds. It docs not deteriorate by
keeping; and if purified and put into boxes, we would al-
ways have a sufficient supply to meet any sudden emer-
gency.
The amount aslccd for was not put into the ordnance es-
timate, a*3 il was nut lequued foi the regular icrvicc of the
year; but I now draw your attention to the. subject, with
the hope that it will meet the favorable consideration ot
the committee, and when the Navy hill comes up, that an
annual amount may be appropriated for eight or ten year.?.
I have the honor to be, very respeetfullv, your obedient
servant, DN. JNGJIAHAM,
Chicf of the Bureau.
Hon. Freeman H. Morse, Chairman Committee on Naval
Affairs> House of liepi eser.tatives,
— 4
Navy DepartSievt, Jijnil 27, 1850.
Sir : I have the honoi to uickxe heiewtlh a communi-
cation, dated yosteidav, uddie-sed to you by the chief of
thebuieau of Ordnance and Hydroaiaphj, urging an an-
nual nppiopnation of.^10,000 per annum for the purpose of
increasing the Mock ot -.al'tperer for the Navy.
I fully concur in ttie viewo expressed by Captain Ingra-
ham upon tins subject, to which special reteience wa«
made in the la^t annual report of the Department, and hope
that the committee will take the necessary action to cairy
out his recommendation.
I am, very respectfully, yourgpbedicnt seivant,
ISAAC TOUCEY.
Hon. F. II. Morse, Chairman Committee on Naval Jljfairs,
House of Representatives.
Mr. WINSLOW. It will be seen from these
letters that the Department now lias onliandonly
three hundied and fifty thousand pounds of salt-
peter. It has all to be obtained from India, with
the exception, perhaps, of a little from Chili, and
in case of war with Great Britain the price would
not only be enormously enhanced, but it would
be almost impossible toobuin itat any priee. It
is an article which does not deteriorate, and it is
true economy to buy now when we can get it at
a low figure; and even if we should not have a
war for twenty years, we should save by it. It
improves as it grows older. It forms seventy-
five per cent, of gunpowder.'
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I think the proposition
of the gentleman from North Carolina is the most
extraordinary one ever presented to the American
Congress. At a time when the Treasury of the
United States is barely able to respond to the
necessary demands upon it; when we have no
war, and no expectation of any from any portion
of the habitable globe, we are called upon to pro-
cure saltpeter in advance to carry us through a
war. Was ever such a proposition made before?
It is stated, in the letter which has been re
ferred to, that we can only get a supply of salt-
peter in India. Why, sir, there is a cave in the
State of Georgia which will furnish enough salt-
peter to carry the United States through a ten
years' war. I hope the amendment will not be
agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment, by making the amount $10,000. That
amount may be necessary. It is unusual to make
aa appropriation for five years. Annual appro-
priations will answer the purpose.
Mr. WINSLOW. I accept the amendment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I withdraw my opposi-
tion to the amendment, in the hope that the Gov-
ernment will buy the article in Georgia.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARNETT. I move to amend the clause
under consideration by adding the following pro-
viso:
Provided further. That the estimates for the expenditure
for such purposes shall heieatter be given 111 detail.
The object of that amendment is obvious. If
you will examine the annual estimates of appro-
priation, you will find that mostof them are given
in gross, and we have no details whatever. Talse,
for instance, the estimates for the items we were
discussing a few moments ago, for the construc-
tion and repair of vessels. All that is given in
thoestimates furnished by the Department is," for
construction and repairs," so much.
Mr. FLORENCE. I object. I object to the
gentleman alluding to the matter of construction
and repairs.
Mr. GARNETT. The gentleman litis no right
to make the objection.
Mr. FLORENCE. My point of order' is
this 
Mr. GARNETT. The gentleman cannot make
a point of order upon that.
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit that wo have
passed by the item for equipment and repairs. I
could not debate if: and I will take care' that no
other gentleman shall debate it out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not un-
derstand that the gentleman from Virginia is de-
bating that point.
Mr. GARNETT I was simply using that as
an illustration.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will pay close
attention to the gentleman's remarks.
Mr. FLORENCE. I merely hope the gentle-
man will not 
Mr. GARNETT. I call the gentleman to or-
der. It is his habit to interrupt gentlemen upon
the floor.
Mr. FLORENCE. I shall not permit gentle-
men to proceed out of order if I can prevent it. I
was submitting a point of order to the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overruled it.
Mr. FLORENCE. Very well.
Mr. GARNETT. I was about to say, when
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, with his com-
mon courtesy, intenupted me, that the item we
were lately discussing appropriates $9,523,000;
and yet the only estimate furnished by the De-
partment for that amount is contained in the iden-
tical words of the bill: "for the repair and equip-
ment of vessels of the Navy, $2,523,000."
Now, I would like to know upon what ground
this committee can be called upon to vote such an
estimate, when no details are given to us upon
which to base our judgment? We are not told
what portion is needed for construction, and what
for repairs. We have no means of informing our
judgments as to what repairs are necessary, and
what the average repair of each vessel wrill cost.
We have nothing whatever except the few words
of the estimate of John Lenthall, so emphatic-
ally referred to by the gentleman from Norfolk.
Now, some of usarenotquite so well instructed in
naval affairs as my colleague assumes to be. Such
lights arc not needed for him, though they may
be essential for us. You cannot expect that we
gentlemen who represent ruial districts should be
as well informed as the gentleman who represents
the Gosport navy-yard. Of course, then, my
colleague will pardon the House for seeking some
additional illumination. Therefore, my amend-
ment commends itself to all the uninitiated who
have not the special advantage, like my colleague,
to represent a navy-yard. If you will look: aver
the debates of the English Parliament,- you will
find that one of the most repent reforms isin refer-
ence to this very matter of repairs. Parliament
requires the -Government to furnish them with a
detailed statement of the-cost of repairs, a,nd af
the amount of expenditure requires upon each
vessel, and also the character of repairs;-so-that
when "the House of Commons is called upon, to
vote a certain sum of money, they canknow
where it.is going to, and to what object it is to be
applied. ,
[Here the hammer fell.} , ■
Mr. M1LLSON, Mr. Chairman, I do not know,
that it will be possible for the Navy Department
to make such detailed estimates as will be easily
comprehended by the House; and I do not know
that my colleague expects that it will do so. I
am somewhat inclined to believe that my'opposi-
tion to liis amendment is altogether gratuitous;
and that he does not himself desire or expect, that
it will be adopted; and that he has only offered it
for the purpose of making a posthumous reply to
what was said in debate some thirty or forty min-
utes ago. I really did not suppose that the spear
which was thrown somewhat at random wa etill
quivering in the side of my colleague. He seema
to have bottled up his wrath; and we have now
the full benefit of the outpourings of it. I should
like to see my colleague engaged in studying the
detailed estimates of the construction, equipment,
and repairs of vessels. I should like to see him
bring his strong intellect to bear on the-little item®
of fifteen shillings for brads, and twenty-five cents
for putty. [Laughter.] I leave the House to
judge how well the subject would suit his mighty
mind. [
My colleague seems to feel a special grudge
because I represent, as he calls it, a navy-yard.
Why, sir, it happens to be true that there is a
navy-yard within the limits of the district which
1 represent; and it is perhags that fact which
causes me to be some what better instructed on this
subject than some other members. If I did not
represent a navy-yard, perhaps I should have
neither the opportunity nor the inclination to give
my attention to the interests of the Government
as connected with the operations of the navy-
yards. Sir, my colleague ought to be thankful
for the fact that 1 represent a navy-yard; for if
I did not, perhaps he might not find among his
colleagues any who are at all better instructed on
the operations of navy-yards than he himself ap-
pears to be. It is true that I represent a navy-
yard; but I tell my colleague, and the committee
too, that I never have urged, and never will'urge
this Government to make any expenditure merely
for the benefit of any portion of the people whom
I represent, if the public interest does not demand
such expenditure. But when I believe that the
public interest would be sacrificed by any neglect
to make the necessary and proper appropriations,
I shall not fail to urge that consideration on the
House, merely bccause any portion of my con-
stituents might be participants in the benefit of
such expenditure.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer an amendment pro
forma that no portion of this appropriation shall
be expended except for naval purposes. I desire
the attention of the House to a document, not
often looked at by members of the House, but
which they ought to read very often, showing how
this fund is expended. Among other items, I find
the following:
" August 23, 1838, George N. Sanders, Navy agent,
$2,1,803 08, for travel, salary, fuel, freight, &c.
' '* Octobei 6,1$58, McKean Buchanan, purser,$4,770for
enteitaininz President and suite."
There are innumerable items for travel, trans-
portation, quarters, forage, stationery, pilotage,
postage, and the like, all amounting, during the
last fiscal year, to $789,265. It was impossible
for the Committee of Ways and Means to limit
this expenditure by mere amendments to appro-
priation bills, although many items usually paid
out of this miscellaneous fund are improper items
of expenditure.
But for the remarks already made, I did not feel
it my duty to call the attention of the House to
the matter; but I do so now, lest my neglect to do
so might be charged to want of information on the
subject.
Mr. GARNETT: I,desire to say, in opposing
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
