1860.
THE OOJSGliESSlONAL GLOBE
in the discharge of his duty, under the orders of
the Navy Department, on special service to the
island of St. Domingo.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
GEORGE B. BACON.
The bill (S. No. 58) for the relief of George B.
Bacon, late acting purser of the sloop-of-war
Portsmouth, was read a second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole-. By it, the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury will
he directed to allow to George B. Bacon, late act-
ing parser of the sloop-of-war Portsmouth, in the
settlement of his accounts, the amount properly
payable to a purser of a sloop-of-%var, for his ser-
vices as acting purser during the period he so
acted, deducting the amount paid to him for the
same period as commander's clerk.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know but that liie
bill is right, as the Senator from Connecticut [Mr.
Foster] says to me that it is, but I do not like
the precedent that is being established by it. It
looks to me like paying an extra salary to an of-
ficer who happened to discharge some other duty
tiian that which properly belonged to the office
which he held, whenever a clerk in one of the
Departments performs the service of some supe-
rior clerk, a bill comes here to pay lum the salary
of the superior clerk, but I have never known an
instance where, when a clerk was absent, his pay
was deducted. The result of it is that we pay
twice. It establishes a principle which I think is
wrong. If it is not wrong, we ought to have a
general law by which every officer engaged in the
public service shall be paid the salary belonging
to a higher office, whenever he is engaged in per-
forming the duties of that higher office. It should
not be done by a special bill.
Air. FOSTER,. This bill passed the Senate at ;
the last session on the unanimous report of the j
Naval Committee, ^without objection. I had oc- i
casion to examine it. I believe it is entirely right. ;
It is in accordance with well-established prece- !
dents in the naval service, establishes lit) new
principle, createsno new precedent, but follows, I
believe, the well-established practice of the De-
partment.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
SAMUEL A. WEST AXD OTHERS.
The bill (S. No. 59) for the relief of Samuel A.
West, George McCullough, Hiram McCullough,
and Charles Pendergrast, was read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Under its operation, Samuel A. West, George
McCullough, Hiram McCullough, and Charles
Pendergrast, will be released from their liability on
a contract entered into with the United States, on
the 17th of November, 1856, for the delivery of
stone at the navv-yard at Gosport, Virginia.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there any report ac-
companying this bill? If there is, 1 should like
to hear it.
The Secretary read the following report made
by Mr. Mallory on the 10th of June, 1858:
The Committee on Naval Allans, to whom was referred
the petition of Hiram McCullough, have had the same un-
<lei consideration, ami icpoit:
That Samuel A. West and George McCullough contracted
u ith the United States, on the 17th of November. 1856, to
deliver at the na\y-\ard at Gosport, Virginia, certain quan-
tities of;?tone . one ibm til in ninety, one fouith in one hun-
dred and ftln, and oik4 fourth in one hundred and eighty
days, and the balance within nine months from the date of
the contract; and that if the parties failed to deliver at the
times {specified, they should forfeit and pay to the Govern-
ment a s„um of money equal to twice the amount of the eon-
tract price agreed upon as the price to be paid m eas-c of
the actual delivery thereof.
From the letter of the chief of the bureau ot yard.- and
docks, communicated to \ our committee m response to a
call upon the Navy Department for information in regard to
the fact- involved in tin* ease, it appears that none of tue
stone contracted for by said West and McCullousrh was
delivered, and that the Department4* was compelled to pro-
cure it bv open purchase, at an advance of some twenty
thorn-and dollars on the amount ai which the contractors
had agreed to furnish.'' The chief of the bureau, hon ever.
Mates that " the offer of West and McCulloch, on which
their contract was based, was 16 less than the next
lowest bidder, and at rates so much below the current mar-
ket prices of the aitiele, that the bureau believed at the
time that they would not be able to comply with their en-
gagements; bur as they gave satisfactory security for the
fulfillment of the terms of the contract, the bureau could
exercise no discretion m the matter, the law imperatively
requiring all contracts to he given to the lowest bidder." "
n further appears, from the affidavits of five creditable
persons, conversant with the facts and filed with the papers
in this case, that the contractors promptly proceeded to-
ward the execution of their agreement, by erecting the
neces-ary machinery for loading vessels, and in quarrvmg
the how, but that the violent and unusual fieshets that pre-
vailed and continued m the .Susquehanna river during the
winter and spring of 1856 and 3857, carrying with thi-m im-
mense masses of ice, completely'destroved the cranes and
derricks erected by them, uie wharves, and the bridge be-
tween the quarries and the river, and rendered phvsically
impossible the fulfillment of then' contract.
Your committee, therefore, believing that the agreement
of these parties was entered into in good faith, and from the
evidence that they sustained heavy losses in the destruc-
tion of their works by the freshets during that season, large
sums of which were at various times "advanced by your
petitioner, and, as he alleges, never repaid by said conti act-
ors, who are poor, and the probable ruinous effect the en-
forcement of the penalty of said contract would have upon
the sureties, are of opinion that Congress should accord
the reliol prayed, and report the accompanying bill, with a
recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
MRS. ANN SCOTT.
The bill (S. No. 60) for the relief of Mrs. Ann
Scott was read a second time, and considered as
m Committee of the Whole. It provides for the
payment to Mrs.fA.nn Scott, widow of the late
William B. Scott, two per cent, upon such«ums
as he paid from the Navy pension fund during the
time he was Navy agent at Washington.
Mr. TRUMBtJLL. I should like to hear the
report in that case.
The Secretary read the report of the Committee
on Naval Affairs, made by Mr. Hale, January
11, 1SG0, as follows:
The Committee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred
the memorial of Ann Scott, have had the same under con-
sideration, and repoit:
The memorialist alleges that she is the widow of the late
William B. Scott, who was appointed Navy usent at Wa^h-
ington city in the year 1834, and for the faithful perform-
ance of the duties of which office he gave the bonds re-
quired ; that in the year 1839, in addition to his duties as
Navy agent, he was charged with the payment of Navy
pensions, and in consequence was required to increase the
penalty of his bond under separate sureties as Navy pension
agent, as well a* to employ extra force in his office, for
which no provision was made at the time of his appoint-
ment, and that he continued so to disburse the amounts due
to said pensioner:, until June 5,1849. when he ceased to be
Navy agent.
Your memorialist further alleges that iudsment was ob-
tained against her said husband by the United States, for
the sum of $5,000, or thereabouts, being money retained
by him on aecountof services rendered m the disbursement
of pensions; and that he, notwithstanding the unitorm prac-
tice of allowing to other pension agents (an office entirely
distinct from that of Navy agent) a per centage on the dis
bursements made by them, was debarred an offset to said
judgment in his claim for commissions for similar labor
and responsibility: and further, that in ordei to satisfy said
judgment, it was nocessaiy to sacrifice property to which
she was entitled m her own right.
The memorialist, therefore, prays that the accounts of
her said husband may be adjusted and settled, after allow-
ing therein such commission as has been allowed to his
successor, who went into the office of Navy agent with the
duty of pension agent attached thereto at the time of his
appointment, and at his acceptance of f-aid office, which,
as heretofoie shown, was not the case at the time of the
appointment of her husband
From tacts before your committee it appears that the said
William 13. Scott, besides performing the full duty of Navy
agent, as defined at the time of Ins appointment, and other
onerous duties devolved upon him by the Navy Department
m payment^ made by him to contiaetois who. by the terms
of their contracts, were to be paid at othet places than at
Washington, and by other agents, disbursed, during the pe-
riod in which he acted as pension agent—about t^n years
—the sum of §119,491 32.
From the very large additional ri-k. responsibility, and
labor, devolved upon the said William B. Scott by these
new duties, for the proper performance of which a separate
bond wit' required and given, as well as losses of property
occasioned to him thereby ; and from the fact that it was
not a part of his office at the time of his appointment as
Na\y agent, as well as the further fact that his successor
was allowed and paid a commission for similar sen ices,
tour committee deem this a ease of peculiar hardship, and
that in justice and equity the memorialist is entitled to the
relief from Congiess she pi ays. for which the accompany-
ing bill is reported, with the recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. BRIGHT. T have had my attention called
to this cose, and I have examined it, tor the pur-
pose of ascertaining whether it is correct. I find
precedent after precedent to sustain just such al-
lowances; and 1 shall very cheerfully vote for the
bill, believing it to be a very meritorious case.
Mr. CLAY. I think it" is a wretchedly bad
precedent, and that we ought not to multiply them
at all. 1 do not propose to argue it*, but I shall
certainly voto against the bill.
The "bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; and the question was stated to.be on
ordering it to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. TRUMBULL ! think vc had bettor have
the yeas and nays on this bill, an&s&tlle the prin-
ciple. It is of a pieee .with a bill that was just
passed. Here was an officer that had a particular
duty to perform, and the Government placed,more
money m his hands, or gav£ him a larger duty to
perform, than he setys he expeeted at the time of
his appointment; ana then he comes, or his widow
comes, to call on the Government for additional
compensation. If the rule is to be established,
and compensation is to be paid in aH such cases,
let us have a general la.w. Here is a Navy agent,
who has a duty to perform for .the Government,
and the Government requires him to pay some
pensions. His widow comes here, after the lapse
of twenty years, to be paid for this extra service,
I myself, if this is to be the rule, think we should
reach all these cases by a general law, and, if we
adopt this practice, I suppose we shall have to go
back and hunt up, from the beginning of the Gov-
ernment, every instance where every officer has
done what he regarded as extra duty, not pertain-
ing to his office, although he was in the employ-
ment of the Government, and pay him extra com-
pensation. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALE. As I reported this bill, I desire
to say a single word. I think, if we are going to
commence reform, and make war on this sort of
legislation, this is an unfortunate point to begin
at; for the successor, and the successor of the suc-
cessor of this officer have received just precisely
the compensation that is asked for in this case;
and their allowance for this very service covers
a very large sum of money. This is the widow
of an officer, and the sum is comparatively very
small. Having seen that the Government, by the
action of this body and of the H$use of Repre-
sentatives, has paid both her husband's successors
compensation for this additional service, she comes
forward and asks that she may be paid the very
small sum which this bill will give her. I can
inform those gentlemen who are so anxious about
this matter, that it is now regulated by an act of
Congress, which has received the adjudication of
the Supreme Court, and there is no danger of this
class of cases multiplying. Duties were thrown
on this officer not contemplated by the law when
he was appointed; and upon a very full inves-
tigation and a very elaborate feport made by Mr.
Bell, the late Senator from Tennessee, the Sen-
ate thought that in such cases compensation was
due, and they paid in one or two instances very
large sums upon this ground, because, when the
duty was thrown upon the officer, he became
responsible for all mistakes and all errors, and
was himself the insurer of his own decisions.
That was the ground assumed by Mr. Bell in the
very elaborate report which he made to the Senate;
and" I hope the Senate will permit this bill to pass,
as they have other bills in similar cases.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to inquire the
amount that will be paid under the bill ?
Mr. HALE. Less than two thousand dollars.
Mr. SIMMONS. Was the Navy agent obliged
to give a new bond in consequence of having to
disburse this money?
Mr. HALE. So I understand.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Benjamin, Bingham, Bright,
Brown, Clingman, Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Dochttle,
Fitch, 'Foster,Gwin, Hale, Haun, Hemphill, Iverson, John-
son of Arkansas, Kennedy. Mallory, Mason. Nicholsonj
Powell. Pugh. Simmons, Sumner. Ten Eyck, Wade, and
WiUon—-29.
NAYS—Me^rs. Brasg, Cameron, Clay, Davit, Fitz-
patrick. Grimes. Hamlin, Harlafi. Saulsbury. Sebastian,
Toombs. Trumbull, Wigfali, Wilkinson, and Yulee—15.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time. It was read the third time, and
PaSS6d- ' MICHAEL NASH.
The bill (S. No. 63) for the relief of Michael
JNTash, of the District of Columbia, was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to appropriate $776 50
to Michael Nash, as additional compensation for
services rendered as assistant superintendent of
the penitentiary of the District of Columbia from
August 17, 1841, to March 7, 1849, inclusive.
Mr. HALE. Let the report be read.
The Secretary read the following report, made
by Mr. Brown on the 24th of March", 1856:
The Committee on the District tj[ Columbia, to whom
was referred the memorial of Michael Nash, report:
Tt appears that the memorialist was aopoinJen in .Tnnfl,
