2854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
Sh&rman,} pro format that I offered my amend-
ment. in perfectly good faith; and shall exceed-
ingly regret if thr? playful skirmish between my
colleague and rnyseif should divert the attention
of the House from the importance of my amend-
ment. So far as my colleague is concerned. { will
notfurther occupy the attention of the House with
our controversy, except to say that, if my reply
to him was posthumous, it was not posthumous to
my own death; but posthumous to the defeat of
the appropriation which my colleague advocated
and 1 opposed.
I offered my amendment in perfectly good faith;
because I really desire that hereafter, when called
upon to vote for naval appropriations, we may
know the objects on which these appropriations
arc to be expended. I ask any fair-minded mem-
ber of the House to take up this volume of esti-
mates, look at these items, and see whether he can
understand them or know the real character of
the proposed expenditure; or whether the details
there given furnish him with an intelligent con-
trol over these estimates ? I undertake to say that
no further details are given in the official esti-
mates than are given in the bill reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means; and I also un-
dertake to say that no gentleman can, from this
bill alone,understand the true objects of the appro-
priations, or determine in his own mind whether
the appropriations are too large or too small. The
objcct of these annual volumes of estimates is, or
ought to be, to furnish us with details; so that any
man, by proper application to the subject, can
determine whether the appropriations should be
increased or reduced, or retained at what the offi-
cial authorities report.
All 1 ask is, that the Navy Department shall
hereafter furnish us with such details as are al-
ready furnished in many other Departments of the
Government; such details as the British Parlia-
ment requires from its ministers when called upon
to vote naval appropriations.
The question was taken on Mr. Sherman's
amendment to the amendment; and itwas rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Garnktt's
amendment; and itwas agreed to.
Mr. MORSE. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Insert, after the fourth amendment, as follows:
For the purchase of six good, sound, strong, fast-going
steamers, side wheel or propeller.-*, amiable tor efficient Mir-
viee in the African squadron, on the coast of Alriea, and to
be sent there for the prevention oi the slave trade with all
possible dispatch, §500,000. Said steamer* to he not less
than thiee hundred and lifty toiw,nor more than eight hun-
dred tons burden; and to be puichased under tin: dueetion
of the Secretary of the Navy, aitei a lull and thorough ex-
amination of the sain'* by an examining boaid, to be com-
posed of two naval officers, two naval constructors, and
two engineers of the Navy; and aftet the report of said ex-
amining board on the condition and qualities of the boats
recommended or reported to the Department lias been ex
amiued by the chief of the bureau of Constmction and
Repairs, and after his recommendation, that the purchase
of any steamer, so recommended or repot ted on, be made.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I rise to a point of order.
There is no law authorizing the expenditure of
that money; and the amendment is not at all ger-
mane to this appropriation bill.
Mr. MORSE. It is to carry out the existing
law to suppress the slave trade. I do not sec why
it is not perfectly in order.
The CHAIRMAN. To what law docs the
gentleman from Maine refer?
Mr. MORSE. To the law of 1819.
Mr. CRAWFORD Then, if it is for the pur-
pose of amending the law of 1819, it would be
general legislation, and, therefore, is not in order
to an appropriation bill.
Mr. MORSE. I contend it is in order, on the
ground that it is to carry into effect existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair can hardly see
that the amendment is germane to this portion of
the bill, and particularly that it is to carry out an
existing law. It seems to the Chair to be inde-
pendent legislation, and not strictly in order under
the rules of the House.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. I move to
amend the bill by striking out the word " eight,"
m the sixty-third line, and inserting " five," in
lieu thereof; so that the clause will read:
For contingent expenses that may accrue for the following
pttrposeg, namely : freight and transportation, printing and
stationery, advertising in newspapers, book*, maps, mod-
el*, and drawings, purchase and repair of fire engines and
machinery, repair* of and attending to steam-engines in
navy-yard*, purchase and maintenance of horses and oxen,
and driving teams, carts, timber wheels, and the purchase
and repairs of workmen's tools, postage of public letter-*,
fuel, oil, and candles lor navy-yards and shore stations, pay
of watchmen and incidental labor not chargeable to any
other appropriation., transportation to and labor attending
the delivery of provisions and stores on foreign stations,
wharfage, dockage, and rent, traveling expenses of officers
and others under orders, funeral expenses, store and office
rent, fuel, commissions and pay of clerks to Navy agents
and storekeepers, flags, awnings, and packing boxes, pre-
miums and other expenses of remitting, appiehending de-
srrters, per diem pay to persons attending courts-martial,
courts of inquiry, and other services authorized by law,
pay to judges advocate, pilotage and towage of vessels, and
assistance to vessels in distress, and for bills of health and
quarantine expenses of vessels of the United States Navy
in foreign ports, $596,000.
I offer this amendment because it is my inten-
tion, as long as I hold a seat upon this floor, to
oppose everything which looks to wild extrava-
gance in the administration of this Government,
and especially at a time like this, when the Gov-
ernment is greatly in debt, and when there seems
to be no moans of raising revenue to meet the
exigencies of the times. I think, from an intima-
tion from the distinguished chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, that there may be a
reduction of this item.
Mr. GARTRELL. Will the gentleman allow
me to propound an interrogatory to him?
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. Certainly.
Mr. GARTRELL. Can the gentleman assign
any reason why $800,000 should be stricken out
and $500,000 inserted? Docs he know that any
of the items for which this appropriation is pro-
posed to be made are extravagant and improper?
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. I was about
to give my reason, and I will give it to the gen-
tleman now. This is a sort of omnivm gatherum
section, so to speak. It covers up everything;
and I listened with pleasure to the intimation
thrown out by the distinguished chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, that this appro-
priation is too large. I believe that if the appro-
priation was §1,000,000, every dime and every
cent of it would be expended; and 1 believe that
ifitiseut down to $500,000, the administration
of affairs in this Department will be better than it,
is now. I think 1 cannot be mistaken. ,J under-
stood the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means to express the opinion that this appro-
priation is too large; and he has reflected credit
on himself by the manner in which he has en-
deavored to reduce the expenses of the Govern-
ment from nearly one hundred million dollars to
less than sixty million dollars, as I understand
it. I hope my amendment will be adopted.
Mr. STANTON". 1 am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from North Carolina. On
looking over the expenditures of this same fund,
making up the aggregate now proposed to be ap-
propriated for the last fiscal year, I am satisfied
that the great mass of it constitutes merely steal-
ings for Navy agents and others. Let me. read
some of the items:
"George Loyall, Navy agent, $15,633 81, freight, sta-
tionery, fuel. Ste.
" L Warnngton, purser, $'20,130 26, judge advocate fees,
passage of etevv liom the Pacific, pilotage, &c.
"Edward T. Dunn, purser, .$17,9 U 90, pay of mechanics,
laborer*, See.
'•George N. Sanders, Navy agent, $2.">,803 08, travel,
salary, freight, fuel, &c.
"George Loyall, Navy agent, $11,507 98, expenses at
liavy-yard at Norfolk.
"Joseph Smith. Navy agent, $30,687 16, expenses at
navy-yard, salary, travel, &c.
"John O. Biadioul, puiser, $21,8-18 18, towage, pilotage,
tiaijsportation, tiuvel. &c.
"George Loyall, Navy agent, $18,512 46, travel, salary,
stationery, advertising, &c.
" William YV. J. Kelly, pursci, $17,098 28, pay of me-
chanics, and laborer.-^.
" 12. T. Dunn, purser, $19,187 60, pay of mechanics and
laborers."
Mr STEWART, of Maryland. I must raise
a question of older. I do not understand that
the gentleman is opposing the amendment.
Mr. STANTON. Certainly I am. I think
the gentleman from North Carolina proposes to
strike out too much. I am not in favor of strik-
ing out so much. Here arc some more items:
" George N. Sanders, Navy agent, $27,936 44, travel, sal-
aiy, rent, advertising, Stc.
" Austin E. Smith, acting purser, $32,497 39, mechanics
and laborers of navy yaid.
" William Flinn, Navy agent, $40,758 78, salary, fuel,
advertising contracts, &c.
" William Badger, Navy agent, $33,508 54, expenses at
navy-yard, travel, salary, &c.
•' Charles Murray, purser, $30,409 37, expenses of me-
chanics and laboiers."
And so on.
All the large items consist of expenditures of
Navy agents and pursers for salary, traveling ex-
penses, freight, &c. Then there is an item of
$4,000 for entertaining the President here on one
occasion.
Mr. LEACH, of North,Carolina. I would ask
the gentleman by what authority that $4,000 was
expended in the entertainment of the President?
Mr. STANTON. I suppose under precisely
the same authority that Navy agents are paid
$40,000.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. Precisely.
Mr. BRANCH. I rise to a point of order. I
think my colleague and the gentleman from Ohio
are playing a pretty strong game upon us. It
seems to me that they are both advocating the
amendment, whilst nobody is permitted to oppose
it at all.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is debate
exhausted on that amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina, called for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Smith of
North Carolina, and Robinson of Rhode Island,
were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 83, noes 49.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
offer an amendment, to come in in the sixty-sev-
enth line.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I have an amend-
ment which I propose to oflfer, in line sixty-
three.
A Member. Out 6f order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If it is out of order,
I have no doubt the fact will be ascertained in this
committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of order. Line sixty-three has been
adopted by a vote of the committee, and it is not
m order to move to amend it.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask unanimous
consent to strike it out.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move, then, to
strike out the whole paragraph, from line forty-
two to line sixty-seven:
- The paragraph proposed to be stricken out is
as follows:
" For contingent expenses that may accrue for the fol-
lowing purposes, namely: freight and tiansportation, print-
ing and stationery, advertising in newspapers, books, maps,
models, and drawings, puiehase and repair of fire-engines
and machinery, repairs ofand attendingto steam-engines m
navy-yards,' purchase and maintenance of hordes and o.\en,
and driving teams, earts, timber wheels, and the purchase
and lepairs of workmen's tools, postage on public letteis,
fuel, oil, and candles,fornavy-yards and shore-stations. pay
of watchmen and incidental labor not chargeable to'anw
other appropriation, transportation to, and Jaboi attending
the delivery of provisions and stores on foreign stations,
wharfage, dockage, and rent, traveling expenses of officers
and others under orders, funeral expenses, store and office
rent, fuel, commissions and pay of clerks to Navy agents
and storekeepers, flags, awnings, and packing boxes, pie-
iniurns and other expenses of recruiting, apprehending de-
serters, per diem pay to persons attending couits-martial,
courts of inquiry, and other services authorized by law,
pay to judges advocate, pilotage and towage of vessels, and
assistance to vessels in distress, and for bdls of health' and
quarantine expenses of vessels of the United States Navy
in foieign port*, $896,000 . Provided, That the expenditures
under the foregoing appropriations shall be so accounted fot
as to show the debasements by each bureau, under each
respective appropriation."
The CHAIRMAN. That is in order.
Mr. K.UNKEL. I desire to oppose this amend-
ment; and I suppose 1 have the privilege of ad-
dressing a few words to the committee.
Mr. Chairman, for the first time during my
experience in this House, I have seen to-mght
gentlemen, withoutany information up<%n the sub-
ject, without having examined it at all,proposing
amendments to a regular appropriation bill, re-
ported to the House by the most important com-
mittee under its organization; and when these
amendments have been proposed and agreed to—
often capriciously, and unsupported by reason or
argument—there has been no member of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means who has presented to
the House any of the views or considerations
which induced that committee to report the items
contained in this bill. Sir, it seems extraordinary
to me that the gentlemen of that committee should
present a report of this kind without some definite
information upon which they acted; and that when
