1910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
ie disposed of, I would move to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
and that I would move to close debate in two or
three hours after the commtttec should resume its
consideration, so that we would only have the five
minutes' debate upon the bill.
Mr. STANTON. I do not think that course
should be adopted. I think there ought to be
more than three hours' general debate upon the
tariff bill and its various amendments.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The gentleman
can discuss the tariff to-day.
Mr. STANTON7 I cannot get the floor
Mr. M1LLSON. {desire to have the attention
of the gentleman from Ohio, the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, for a moment.
I think there is some misapprehension on this
side of the House m respect to the proposition
made by the gentleman from Ohio this morning,
which 1, for myself, am entirely in favor of—that
is, that the bill be made a spccial order in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The misapprehension to which I referred is,
that that course will secure the consideration of
the bill. The bill is already before the committee,
by a vote of a majority of the committee; and the
only effect of making it a special order will be,
not to hasten the consideration of the bill, but to
confine the discussion m committee to the merits
of the bill itself. Now, that I am entirely in favor
of.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the proposition 1
madefiist; but it was objeehd to by the gentle-
man from Alabama, [Mr. Conn.] iVJy purpose
was to confine the discussion in the committee to
the tariff bill, to let it run as long as the commit-
tee should desire, and then to cut off all genera]
discussion, and limit the debate to iive-mihute
speeches.
Mr. MILLSON. But 1 do not understand that
the proposition of the gemienian from Pennsyl-
vania [Mi. Gitow] is objei ted to, which is, that the
bill be made the special ordei in tin- CommiiU c ( f
the Whole on ill** utate of tie1 Union after to-day.
Mr. HOUSTON. He did not make that prop-
osition. It was to conline the debate to the bill
Mr. MILLSON. You cannot confine the de-
bate to the bill by genera! consent. It would re-
quire unanimous consent. 1 have no objection to
unanimous consent, if it can he obtained; but it
will not pruhaWy !:<• given. But I suggest to the
gentleman that his proposition to terminate all de-
bate in the Committee of ihe Whole on the state
of the Onion next Tuesday may defeat tin May
object h<- lias announced, I" cause i presume manv
gentlemen here are desuous nf discussing the iuM
itself. ! hue no purpose of speaking upontl.i-
question; but 1 d'-sne to In ar discussion upon it;
and therefore I surest to the gentleman fiom
Ohio that instead ofgiwng notn-e that he will
terminate ail debate upon the bill next Tuesday,
he will now move to make u the special order in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union after to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN". Lei us sec if we understand
each other. Js it agreed that afeu* to-day, m com-
mittee, nil debate shall be confined to the tariff
bill until it is disposed of? Is there any objection
to that ?
Mr. CORE. It is very strange that the gentle-
man from Alabama, has not made himself under-
stood thus fir, when he entered his protestagamst
any such arrangement. I want to inakeaspceeh
upon the state of the Union generally, if itis worth
while to make it, which cannot be determined
until we know the final action of the Charleston
convention.
Mr. HOUSTON. This i* an important bill,
and its merits ought to be discussed; and if my
colleague will allow that after to-ihw, by unam
mous consent, all debate in committee shall be
confined to the bill itself, and the amendments to
the bill, there will be plenty other bills upon which
he can deliver his speech in season.
Mr. COBB, I am afraid not; and I prefer to
avail myself of the present opportunity. 1 am
sure my colleague is anxious ihat 1 should make
a speech, for he is well aware that it will be cdi-
T Mr. HOUSTON. I am always interested in
my colleague's speeches both private and public;
and I am always gratified in listening to him.
Hut I desire to say a word to the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Millso\V) He seems to think it
will require unanimous consent to change the
character of the debate upon the bill, so as to con-
line it to the provisions of the bill itself, instead
of allowing it to ramble all over general political
subjects. "That is true; but then the gentleman
from Virginia makes a mistake in supposing it
will not require precisely the same character of
consent to make the bill a spccial order. If you
make it a special order, you give it priority over
everything else, and I care not what the emer-
gency may be, it is a spccial order, and will con-
trol our action. But if you agree to confine the
debate to the bill, there will be no difficulty, and
if an emergency arises which renders it necessary
to consider any other bill, such as the Post Office
appropriation bill, we can lay aside the tariff bill,
and pass to the consideration of that bill. That
is what I want, and 1 hope my colleague will al-
low all debate to be confined to the provisions of
this bill after to-morrow.
Mr. COBB. Such an appeal, coming from such
a source, never fails to be listened to with respect.
1 will do anything the House desires. 1 will either
talk or allow them to talk to the business before
the House, the state of the Union, oranything
else; and therefore I withdraw all objection, trust-
ing that the House will allow me to make a speech
j whenever 1 desire.
No further objection being made, it was ordered
that after to-day all debate in the Committee of the
Whole on the tariff bill shall be confined to the
bill itself. •
The question then recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Sherman", that the rules be suspended, and
that the House rciolvo itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
T louse resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. (Mr. Curtis in
the chair,) and resumed tlv% consideration of the
bnl (II. R. No. 338) to provide for the payment
of outstanding Treasury notes, to aulhonz.ealnan,
to regulate and fix the duties on imports, and for
other purposes, on which Air. Goocn was enti-
tled to the jloor.
Mr. GOOOTI and Mr. HALE addressed the
committee on the political questions of the day,
for one hour each. [Their speeches will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Chairman, I have no
prepared speech fortius occasion, and it is the
first, time I have attempted to address the House
or the committee for four years, except upon some
question immediately pending for action. Four
years ago 1 diaeussed the question of the power
of ('ongress over slavery in the Territories; and
with the aigument 1 made on that subject I am
still satisfied. I have not seen any-satisfactory
answer to it, and 1 do not propose to reargue the
question.
Let me say one word or two preliminary in
regard to the tone and temper of the discussions
which have prevailed in this Hall during the pres-
ent session. It seems to me that they "have indi-
cated a great lack of statesmanship and dignity,
and of that parliamentary courtesy indispensable
to the careful consideration of grave national
questions.
Cfeiitlemen seem to forget that Ave are a people
, covering twenty-five parallels of latitudeand forty
degrees of longitude, embracing every variety of
sod and elimatc, and every variety of production,
of character, and of social institutions. 3t seems
to be imagined that we must all think alike, reason
alike, come to the same conclusions; or that our
differences of opinion shall be causes of bitterness
and discord and strife. I apprehend if I had been
born and educated at Norfolk, I should probably
have entertained opinions very similar to those
entertained by my friend from Virginia; [Mr.
Mn.r.sox;] and if he had been born and educated
upon the banks of the Ohio, he would probably
have entertained opinions very similar to mine.
If I had been born and educated in Turkey, I
would probably have been a Mussulman; but, sir,
born and educated in a Christian country, I enter-
tain the tenets of the Christian faith. What al-
lowances arc or have been made for the difference
of soil and climate, education and habits? It
seems to me that there ought to be a little charity
extended for different opinions, different feelings,
and different prejudices. Entering upon this dis-
cussion with that feeling, if I should say anything
that grates harshly upon any gentleman's preju-
dices, it will be unintentional, and not designed.
Mr. Chairman, before proceeding to the dis-
cussion of the main question I desire to consider,
I wish to address a remark or two to the speech
of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. English.]
Yesterday that gentleman spent a solid hour in
attempting to demonstrate that the Republican
party was in favor of negro equality; in attempt-
ing to show that the Republican party was in
favor of social and political equality between the
negro and white man — yes, sir, a solid hour.
In the State of Ohio, and in all of the Northwest,
if the gentleman will poll the Republican party,
he will not find one in every thousand who is in
favor of extending equal social and political priv-
ileges to the negroes. In the constitutional con-
vention of his own State, and m the constitutional
convention of my State, the question of extend-
ing equal political privileges to the blacks was pic-
scnted, discussed, and decidcd, and in neither of
them did it find advocates worthy of the name,
and was rejected by almost a unanimous vote. It
is true, that the Democracy of the Northwest arc
very hard pressed. The gentleman from Indiana
will not undertake to argue in favor of the princi-
ples of the Democratic party, and say that the
Constitution carries slavery into all of the Terri-
tories. He will argue in favor of no such thing,
here nor anywhere else, when he can possibly
avoid it.
What then is to be done ? Capital must be got
up for the campaign in Indiana and the Northwest;
and the only capital upon \$hich they can go to
the people, and hope for success, is by appealing
to the popular prejudice against negroes. That is
the whole story, all there is of it, or about it.
There is no man, to my knowledge, in the Re-
publican party, in either State, who is in favor of
the extension of equal political and social privi-
leges to negroes. The gentleman seems,however,
to insist upon it, that because the constitution of
the State of Indiana has not only disfranchised
negroes, but excludes them from the State, and
deprived them of the means of subsistence, every
man who stops short of that limit is in favor
of negro equality. Now, while I do not approve
of the doctrine of negro equality, I am not one
who believes that negroes are beasts, and men
who ought to be considered as outlaws in every
country. I believe a negro is entitled to live upon
the soil where he was born. I believe he has a
right to the proceeds of his labor, to his earnings,
and to his liberty. That is my opinion; but I do
not choose to make linn my equal socially and po-
litically because I do so believe. And I cannot
very well comprehend the feelings which prompt
men to wage a war upon a poor, down-troddeu,
helpless portion of community.
There seems to he some terrible apprehension
r that if mere political rights, or any rights what-
i ever, are extended to negroes, they may come into
competition with the whites. Is the gentleman
Irom Indiana [Mr. Entglisii] distressed with the
apprehension that some negro may be a candidate
for Congress in the New Albany district, and run
in opposition to him? I ask the gentleman why
this incessant warfare is waged upon negroes
why they are treated as outlaws, unless it is that
some portion of the population is jealous that ne-
groes may wage successful competition with them;
may usurp their places,and occupy positions which
they like to enjoy themselves ? Now, as I do not
believe there is the least danger of any black or
mulatto superseding me in my position here, or of
obtaining any office in the district 1 represent; as
I have no apprehension whatever of anything oi
that kind, I entertain no jealousy of them, and no
hatred towards them. All this talk is an appeal
to that low, vulgar, popular prej udice which wages
war against the negroes, because the lowest man
in society is himself always anxious to find some
one lower than himself) upon whom he can look
down and domineer over and treat as an inferior.
That is the prejudice appealed to, and jt consti-
tutes the stock in trade of the Democrats of the
Northwest.
But let that pass. Mr. Chairman, I rose mainly
for the purpose of replying to an argument deliv-
ered early m the session by the gentleman from
Alabama", [Mr. Ctjrry,] who, I am sorry to see,
is not present. He presented the question before
the people in a statesmanlike manner; and the
argument, therefore, demands a careful and eour-
