1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
their report is attacked in the manner we have seen,
that there should be no one of them prepared to
defend the justice and propriety of the appropria-
tions reported by the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. "Will the gentleman allow
me to say a word ?
Mr. KUNKEL. The gentleman will excuse
me. I have a good deal to say in regard to the
justice and propriety of such proceedings, and
but five minutes for that purpose.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I am as much in favor
of economy as any gentleman upon this floor;
but the estimates for these appropriations are
submitted by officers of this Government sworn
to carry out the laws which Congress has passed
imposing such duties upon them. Your commit-
tees are the ofgans of this House, whose duty it
is to investigate these estimates. The Committee
of "Ways and Means have reported in this bill
appropriations which, even under the spirit of
economy characterizing the chairman of that
committee, they have deemed necessary for car-
rying on this branch of the public service. I
say they have investigated these estimates, or
ought to have done so. Other members have
hot. I confess that I have not, because it is the
province of that committee to make examination
and to furnish the House with the information
"necessary to enable it to act intelligently upon
them. And if members capriciously offer amend-
ments here, and no member of the Committee of
Ways and Means is to furnish any reason for
their course, we had better abandon the whole
system, and have no committees to investigate
these questions for us- Their course to-night has
been simply to confound whatisalready confused.
. But, sir, there is another fact which is altogether
singular in this whole proceeding. In this bill,
which appropriates some $12,000,000 for the ser-
vice of the Navy, in the first paragraph is an ap-
propriation of^i,102,815 15, to be paid us salaries
to commissioned, potty officers, and seamen, &c.,
while for the whole expenditure for the repair and
equipment of your vessels of war, there is but
$1,500,000 appropriated. But £,1,500,000 for the
equipment of the ships of war, which are, or ought
to ho, the results of your whole Navy organiza-
tion ! You have lately voted your naval officers,
&c., half a million increase annual pay. What
are your officers good for; what benefit do you
expect to derive from them; for what are your
war-vessels built, if you are not to expend money
enough upon them to keep them in a condition fit
for sea service? Is it not a shame? Is it not a
disgrace? Why arc you spending millions every
year to teach young men naval tactics and pre-
pare them for war? Why do you keep up this
vast machinery, if you ai£ to expend but the mea-
ger and pitiful sum of $1,500,000 for the support,
repair, and equipment of your ships? Are your
war vessels to rot in your harbors ? or will you
repair and equipand prepare them, to enable your
officers and men to perform duty at sea? I can-
not understand this economy.
1 am willing that many of your navy-yards
should be abolished. We hove nine or ten of
them on the Atlantic and its tributaries, and one
on the Pacific; while Great Britain, with all her
vast navy, has but two—one at Portsmouth, the
other at Hull. I believe thereis no necessity what-
ever for all these yards; and I will go to-day with
the Committee of Ways and Means, if they will
bring in a bill for that purpose, to donate them to
the local authorities at the various points where
they are situated. I would do it because they arc
a dead loss, and useless to the Government. I
agree fully with the gentleman from Ohio in re-
spect to the character of the expenditures at these
points; and I desire, in this bill, to arrest the ap-
propriations for these yards. If we are to keep
up, as we do now, one navy-yard for every three
States, at points where they are not required, I
desire that every State should have one. Why
not give one to Maryland and Delaware and Kan-
sas? [Laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. John Cochrane's amendment was not
agreed io.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I offer the
following amendment to come in after line sixty-
seven, and the amendments there inserted:
For payment of salaries due assistants for services per-
formed previous to April 6, 1859, (m accordance with
voucheis submitted to Navy Department lor approval, Apul
5,1859,) for the exploration and verification of the surveys
of a ship canal near the Isthmus ot'I>arien $5,322 88,
For services of three draughtsmen for three months, at
glOO per month each S900; for incidental expenses, sta-
tionery, &c., $277 12.
I appeal to the justice of the committee to pass
this amendment. I will state upon what it is
founded. The Thirty-Fourth Congress, on the
3d of March, 1857, passed the following law—,—
Mr. STANTON. I must raise a question of
order upon that amendment, as it strikes me it
cannot possibly be in order. If there is anything
of it, it is a private claim, and a deficiency; and
as such can have no place in this bill. Here
are individuals who have claims for services ren-
dered the Government to the number of four or
five hundred upon the Private Calendar, whose
claims perhaps are quite as meritorious as this.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman from Ohio had been content to hear me,
he would have seen that this is entirely a differ-
ent thing from what he supposes it to be.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would like to
hear the law read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will read
the law, and then I will make a brief statement,
appealing to every gentleman present, to pass the
amendment.
On the 3d of March, 1857, Congress passed the
following law:
"That the Secretary of the Navy be authorized, under
the direction of the President, to employ such officers of
the Army and Navy as may be necessary, for the purpose
of making an exploration and verification of the surveys
already made of a Ship canal near the isthmus of Darien,
to connect the waters of the Pacific and Atlantic, by the
Atrato and Truando livers: Provided, That the expense
shall not exceed $25,000, which is hereby appropriated
therefor out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated."
Under the law, the Secretary of the Navy ap-
pointed 
Mr. BRANCH. Whathasbecomcof the point
of order raised by the gentleman from Ohio ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair was listening
to the law, in order to ascertain whether the point
is a good one.
Mr. BRANCH. If it is understood that the
point is not waived, I have no objection to hear
the statement of the law.
The CHAIRMAN. From the statement of the
law, as made by the gentleman from Illinois, it is
the opinion of the Chair that the amendment is
not in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire the
Chair to hear me a moment.
Mr. GARTRELL. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. The relevancy of an
amendment of this kind depends entirely upon
the fact of the existence of a law.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have read
the law.
Mr. STANTON. All of it?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir; all
of it; even to that part of it which provides that
the expense shall not exceed $85,000; and-if the
gentleman had been attentive, he would have
heard it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is as well pre-
pared to decide the question now, as he will be
hereafter.
Mr. BRANCH. Has the $95,000 been ex-
pended?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I want the
gentleman to hear me.
Mr. GARTRELL. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection being made, the
gentleman cannot proceed. The Chair is of opin-
ion that the appropriation has been made in full
for that service, and if there is any other appro-
priation necessary in reference, it is an independ-
ent claim, which cannot properly be put upon an
appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I must ap-
peal from tlie decision of the Chair, for I do not
believe it to be correct.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is, " Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the committee?"
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hill, and
Leach of Michigan, were appointed.
The committee "divided ;and the tellers reported—
ayes 93, noes 38.
So Ihe decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. X move that
the committee do now rise.
Mr. FLORENCE. If the gantleman -wiH yield
a moment I will move to recommit this foil! to the
Committee of Ways and Means. Itias been very
imperfectly prepared, and the CommitteeofWays
and Means themselves differ about it. .■ : i
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I insist upon
my motion. • , :
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Bpeaker hating
resumed the chair, Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois/re-
ported that the committee had,according toorder,
had the Union generally under consideration; and
particularly a bill (H. R. No. 500) making appro-
priations for the naval service for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1861, and had come to bo reso-
lution thereon. . ■
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to say that there
are two or three gentlemen who are desirous to
get permission to print their speeches, or to de-
liver them. I trust that the privilege will be given
them.
Mr. BRANCH. If we go into committee for
that purpose, the result will be, as it was the
other night, that we shall be dragged out of oar
beds at midnight.
Mr. SHERMAN. If permission is granted to
the gentlemen to make their speeches, it will pre-
vent their interfering with our proceedings here-
after.
Mr. RUFFIN. I would rather si there a montit
than to see the Sergeant'-at-Arms parading, the
Mr. BRANCH. I-move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agceed to.
The House accordingly (at ten o'clock,p.m.,)
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 12, 18S0.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Goblet.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. Secretary, I announce to
the Senate that the Vice President is indisposed,
and will not bo able to take his seat as President
of the Senate to-day. I move that Mr. Bright,
Senator from Indiana, take the chair as President
pro tempore.
The Secretary put the question; and the motion
was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore took the chair,
and called the Senate to order.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday.
Mr. HALE. I move that the reading of the
Journal be dispensed with this morning.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reading
can be dispensed with only by unanimous con-
sent. The Chair hears no objection.
On motion of Mr. POWELL, it was
Ordered, That the Secretary of the Senate notify the
President of the United States that, in the absence of the
Vice President, the Senate has chosen Hon. Jesse D.
Bright, President of the Senate pro tempore ; and that he
make a similar communication to the House of Represent-
atives.
HOUSE BMS REFERRED.
The following bills received from the House of
Representatives, yesterday, were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated
below:
A bill (No. 622) to authorize notaries public
in the District of Columbia to take acknowledg-
ments of deeds for the conveyance of real estate
therein—to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
A bill (No. 6G3) to authorize'divorces in the
District of Columbia—to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Abill (No. 99) for the relief of Benjamin Sayre
—to the Committee on Claims.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating in part the information called for
by a resolution of the Senate in relation to con-
tracts for the construction of the Patent Office
building; which was ordered to lie on the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the memorial of
