968
THE COMPRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Ho is an old gciitleman now in the decline of life.
I-I" was Governor of our State, and having un-
fortunately become surety on this contract, and
the contractor having failed, by reason of Indian
hostilities, to perform ithterally, Governor Mose-
ley stepped in to complete the contract. I ask that
the repoi-t may be read, as it will perhaps speak
more correctly of the details than I can.
The Secretary read the following report:
The Committee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred
the memorial 01' Wiiham D. Moseley, asking relief from a
contract to furnish live oak for a sloop of-war, which he
assumed as surety, have had the same under consideration,
and report:
That Harrison U Blanchard contracted with the United
State.-, oti iho 23tU September, 1835, to deliver at the navy-
yard, New York* on or before thy 1st October, 1855, live
oak for naval purposes, described in the contract as fol-
lows : " Tnirty thousand cubic feet of live-oak timber-
namely, threo thousand six hundred feet ot principal pieces,
at $1 Taper cubic loot; twenty thousand tour hundred feet
of molded timber, at $1 30 j and fix thousand feet of pro-
miscuous pieces, at$l per cubic foot, amounting, in ail to
$38,820." For the performance of this contract the memo-
iialist, together with Mr. A. Williams, was joint surety in
the sum 01 $70,000; and upon the failure of the contractor
to perform it, the memorialist took an absolute assignment
of the contract front him, as his affidavit shows, and at
once entered upon its performance in good faith.
Upon referring to the scale of offers accompanying the
report of the Secretary of the Navy of the 1st of Decem-
ber, 1858, it will be perceived that Mr. Blanchard's offer
was $8,580 lower than the next highest biddei. I>y the
terms of the contract the timber was to be cut within thirty
miles of the sea; and the memorialist states, what is also
known tathe committee, that Indian hostilities existed m
tills country, and he alleges that lie was thereby pievunted
irom executing it. lie,howevei,furnished a largo portion
of the Umber, and the Navy Department contracted with a
new party forsupplyimrtho remainder, at prices exceeding
those allowed to Blanch i.d, namely: for two thousand eight
hundred cubic feet of piiue:pal pieces at §2 per foot, and
thirteen thousand iVet 01 molded timber at 50 per fool,
amounting in all to SO."*,100, being an excess of $3,309 over
Mr. Bianchaul's contract-
From the copy of the letter hereunto annexed, addressed
to tU3 honorable Secretary of the Navy by the chief of the
bureau oi conduction, equipment, and repair, and com-
municated to your committee, upon their application to the
Navy Depaitinent for information, it appears that "there
has been paid to Mr. Blanchard, on his contract, the sum
oi $13,979 35, and the reservation in the hands of the Gov-
ernment amounts to.$;2,4o() 91."
Your commutce find that the memorialist contiaetcd to
deliver this timber at unusually low iate?, and that he en-
tered upon the performance of Ins contract in good faith,
and probably would have completed it but for Indian hos-
tilities ; " that if the contract be closed," and the reserva-
tion of {*2,468 94, retained by the United States, be paid to
the memorialist,' "the avciagc of the whole contract will
then be at a low rate, and the entire frame, under the two
contracts, will have been delivered for $41,546 90, which,
in my opinion, [the bureau.] is on advantageous terms to
the Government;" thai the United States having therefore
lost nothing, but having actinlly obtained thin timber upon
advantageous terms, your committee deem the memorialist
entitled to relief, and report a bill accordingly.
$WY Dm'ARTMENT,
Buruau or t'oNsrueerioN, Eqijipmkxt, &.c.,
Feb wiry 17, 185S.
Sir: In compliance with >our (^mictions indonod on
the letter of the chamn ui of the Naval Committee of the
Senate to the Dep-irtmimt, of the dat*> of 4th Fobrimv, I
would respectfully state that, on the -.\>th Septemhci, 1855,
a contract was made with Mr. Blanchard lor the delivery at
the New Vork yard, on or before the l>t October, 1853*, of
thrrty thousand cubic feet of live oak timb-i, namely: three
thousaudsix hundred feet of pimctpal pieces, at$l 75 per
cubic foot; twenty thousand four hyndred feet ot molded
timber, at 3J, and six thousand loot ot promiscuous
pieces, at §1 per cubic foot; amounting, m all to $38,820.
Upon referring to the scale of offers accompanying the
report of the Secretary of the Navy, of the 1st December,
1855, it will be perceived that Mr. Hlanehaid-'s offer was
$8,580 lower than the ne.vt highest bidder.
The conttaet was not completed withm the time speci-
fied, for the reason, as then stated by ihc contractor, orhls
•surety, to the Department, that thev'uvre prevented by the
hostile Indims; bat the Government ha- •-urt'-red no'loss
thereby, and the timber has not been wanted for u-e.
It loins understood that th'> contract could not be ful-
filled, on the 4th Au*u-t, 1857, a letter was addressed by
this buteau to Mr. Moseley, one of tuc turet.e^. to ascer-
tain eeitaiuly the intention of the contractoi,^o that piopcr
steps mqht be taken to complete the commct.
Mr. Moseley replied,on the 1st September, 1857, that he
was unable to complete it, and at the same time expressed
his readiness to send forward all the timber he then had cut
conforming to the contract, that it muriit be taken. This
showed a willingness on his pait to fulfil) his engagement
as lar as lay in his power, and it was placing fuithei secu-
iity in the hands of the Government. A portion of this
timber was delivered, and the whole would have been, if
appears. a< is stated m the memorial, but the vessel engaged
refused to take it on account of its size. 0
On the 17th November, 1857, a contract was made with
other parties to complete the contract of Mr. Blanchard,
namely: for two thousand eight hundred cubic feet of prin-
cipal pieces at .$3 per foot, and thirteen thousand feet of
molded timber at §1 50 per foot, amounting in all to
$35,100, being an excess oi\*3,300 over Blanchard's con-
tract. ff the actual measurement proves to be less than
the estimated quantity, which it probably will, the excess
will not be so much.
There has been paid to Mr. Blanchard on his contract
the sum of &13;9?9 33, and the reservation in the hands of
the Government amounts to $3,466 94". If the contract is
closed and the reservation paid, the average of the whole
will then be at a low rate, and the entire frame, under the
two contracts, will have been delivered for $41,546 29,
which, in my opinion, is on advantageous terms to the
Government.
With rcspect to the two thousand cubic feet which Mr.
Moseley says he will have on his hands, of principal pieces
or molded timber, or that will make such, and it proves to
be suitable and satisfactory, it might, without detriment, be
taken at not exceeding ins contract rates.
The papers are herewith respectfully returned.
Respectfully, vour obe*dient servant,
JOHN LENTHALL,
Chief of the Bureau.
Hon. Isaac Toucey, Secretary of Vie Naoy.
Mr. MALLORY. My friend from Maine will
pcrccivc from this that it is a very simple case.
Governor Moseley is an exceedingly conscien-
tious old gentleman, who would notexactfrom the
Government (strange as it may sound here) a
cent that he was not entitled to. In order to carry
out a contract on which he was surety, he took
an assignment of the contract; and in proceeding
to execute it, he was interrupted by the aggres-
sions of hostile Indians. A sub-contract was
afterwards made, as the bureau tells you, because
the timber was not wanted for immediate use,
and no injury to the public service resulted. It
will also be soon that the assignment of the con-
tract which was taken by Governor Moseley, was
for nearly nine thousand dollars less than the
ncxtlowcst bidder. The Department were aware,
at the time, that the contract was taken at a very
low rate, and you have a reservation of some two
thousand dollars in the hands of the Department.
If he be released, the timber will then come to the
Government, as the bureau says, at a very low
rate. Governor Moseley has been involved ever
since lie got the assignment of this contract, in
conscquonce of his endeavors to execute it. His
property has been bound up so as to be of nearly
no use to him. His friends regard him as being
very much involved from this transaction, from
which he could not derive benefit. According to
the letter of the bureau, if he is not held account-
able on the bond, (and this bill is intended to
relieve him,) the Government will get all the ad-
vantage it was to get originally; it will get the live
oak for these ships at a very low rate.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the thud
time, and passed. •
IIENitY KTTING.
The bill (S. No. 91) for the relief of Henry
Etting, was read a second time, and considered
as m Committee of tho Whole. Its object is to
require the accounting officers of tho Treasury to
allow to Henry Etting, a purser 111 the Navy of
the United States, $1,098 51, being the amount
paid by him to Lieutenant J. C. Rich, as judge
advocate, during the years 1843, 1844, and*1845.
Mr. CLAY called for the reading of the report,
from which it appeared that Mr. Etting was pur-
ser of the frigate Macedonian, the flag-ship on the
coast of Africa, from the 7th of April, 1843, to the
4th of July, 1845; that during that period several
courts-martial were ordered by the commander-
in-chief, Commodore Perry, of which Lieutenant
J. C. Rich, of the marine corps, was appointed
judge advocate, and the service performed by him
was rendered in a situation where no one could be
found so capable. For that service, Lieutenant
Rich presented vouchors, approved by the captain
of the Macedonian and the commander-in-chief of
the squadron, to the aggregate amount of $1,098 51,
which were promptly paid by the petitioner, as
they were severally presented, at the termination
of each trial. The petitioner, on his return from
the coast of Africa, presented the vouchers, with
tho accounts of the ship, to the Fourth Auditor of
the Treasury, who informed him that these items
must joe disallowed, as, by the second section of
the Army appropriation act, passed on the 23d of
August, 1842, it is declared that 110 officer in any
branch of the public service shall receive any extra
compensation or allowance for any service he may
render.
The section of the act of 3842, referred to by
the Fourth Auditor, is as follows: "That no
officer in any branch of the public scrvice, or any
other person whose salary, pay, or emoluments
is Or are fixed by law or regulations, shall receive
any additional pay, extra allowance, or compen-
sation, in any form whatever, for the disburse-
ment of public money, or for any other service or
duty whatsoever, unless^the same shall be au-
thorized by law, and the appropriation therefor
explicitly set forth that it is for such additional
pay, extra allowance or compensation." The
petitioner alleges that he was ignorant of the pro-
hibition contained in the Army appropriation bill
of 1842, and that he was governed by previous
regulation and precedents sanctioned by the De-
partment, and that the payments were made by
him in good faith, upon vouchors in proper form,
under the approval of the presidents of the courts
and the commander of the squadron, and prays
that he may be credited with the amount which
still stands charged against him on the books of
the Treasury Department. The committee, upon
a full consideration of all the facts in the case, and
the statements of the Fourth Auditor, that he
had no authority to demand a restoration of the
amount to the Treasury from the officer to whom
it had been paid, and "the service having really
been rendered by Mr. Rich, in a situation where
no one could be found so capable, and when if an
inferior person had been employed the same
amount would have been paid him," arc of the
opinion that exception should be made by Con-
gress from the operation of the act of 1842 for the
relief of the petitioner.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading,.read the third
time, and passed.
ELIZABETH M. COCKE.
The Senate, as in Committee of the "Whole,
next proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 81)
for the relief of Elizabeth M. Cocke, widow of
Major James H. Cocke, late marshal of the dis-
trict of Texas. The bill recites that the United
States, on tho 29th of April, 1857, recovered judg-
ment against Elizabeth M. Cocke, administratrix
of James H. Cocke, late marshal, and his sure-
ties, before the district court for the eastern dis-
trict of Texas, for $2,041 93; and it being made
to appear that it would be just and equitable that
the collection of the judgment should not at this
time be enforced, therefore it is provided that no
execution for the amount of the principal and in-
terest due on this judgment shall be issued, but
shall be suspended until sufficient time be allowed,
under the laws, and according to the usual fo¥m
of legal proceedings in Texas, for the administra-
trix to prosecute to a final judgment a suit against
Henry B. Martin, deputy marshal of James H.
Cocke, who received and embezzled the money
for which the judgment in favor of the United
States vs. Elizabeth M. Cocke, as administratrix,
was rendered.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a.thkd reading, read the third
time, and passed.
JEREMIAH MOORS.
The Senate next proceeded to consider, as in
Committee of the Whole, the bill (S. No. 80) for
tho relief of Jeremiah Moors.
The Committee on Commerce reported the bill
'with amendments: to insert the words 44 or his
legal representatives;" to strike out "a just com-
pensation" and insert "such compensation as
maybe shown to be just and reasonable, in the
opinion of the Secretary;" so as to make the bill
read:
Be it enacted, 4"c., That the Secretary of the Tieasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and required to pay to Jere-
miah Moors, or his legal representatives, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropiiated, such compen-
sation as may be shown to be just and reasonable, in the
opinion of the Secretary, for labor bestowed, and for mortar
and other materials used (except tho rough stone for the
towei) in building a light-house, in the year JS31, on the
Outer Thunder Bay Island of Lake Huron ; said light house
was built under a contract made between Adam D. Stuart,
the agent of the United States, and Henry T. Blake, dated
August 30,183L, and assigned by said Blake, with the con-
sent of Mr. Stuart, to Jeremiah Moors, by whom it was
built.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in, ajid the
bill ordered to bo engrossed and read a third time.
It was read the third time, and passed.
GENERAL SMITH'S WIDOW.
The bill (S. No. 73) for the relief of Mrs. Anne
M. Smith, widow of the late Brevet Major Gen-
eral Persifer F. Smith, was next considered by
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole, ft
proposes to direct the Secretary of the Interior td
