1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
969
place the name of Mrs. Anne M. Smith, widow of
the late Brevet Major General Pcrsifcr F. Smith,
on tin; pension roll, at the rate of fifty-dollars per
month from the 6th of May, 1858, for arid during
her natural life.
Mr. IVERSON. This is one of those pension
cases that I have always been opposed to, and I
must enter my protest on the present occasion
against the passage of this bill. It proposes to
allow fifty dollars a month—much more than half
the pay of a lieutenant colonel, which has usually
been the maximum of pensions. I observe that
the Committee on Pensions have reported this bill
in favor of Mrs. Smith, the widow of General
Persifer F. Smith, and they have reported against
the application of Mrs. Macomb, the widow of
General Macomb. I move to amend the bill by
adding Mrs. Macomb for the same pay; giving
notice, however, that I shall vote against the bill
if it be amended, because I am opposed to it on
principle. I think that Mrs. Macomb's case is
quite as meritorious as that of Mrs. Smith.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope the amendment will
not be adopted, if the gentleman gives notice that
he is going to vote against the bill.
Mr.' IVERSON. I want to do justice, and to
have both put on an equality. I want Mrs. Ma-
comb to be treated \villi the same liberality and
generosity as Mrs. Smith.
Mr. CAMERON. Well, I shall not object to
the amendment. Perhaps it will save time to let
it go without opposition
Mr. GRIMES. The chairman of the Commit-
tee on Pensions is not present, and there seems
to be no one disposed to explain the difference
which occurred to the Committee on Pensions as
existing between these two cases. Th evidence
before the Committee on Pensions showed very
conclusively that the disease of which General
Persifer F. Smith died was contracted while in
service ill the Mexican war. Such were not the
facts, as appeared by evidence, in regard to Gen-
eral Macomb. General Macomb, if I recollect i
the number of years aright, was stationed for thir-
teen years, immediately prior to his decease, m ;
this city as General-in-Chief of the Army. He !
was a favorite officer. He drew the largest salary
that was paid to any officer connected with the j
service,anddied of a natural disease. General Per- ,
sifer F. Smith, on the contrary, entered the Army '
at the commencement of the Mexican war, and
commanded a division of the Army during the en- ;
tire campaign; was one of the most distinguished
officers belonging to the service; contracted there \
the disease of which he died;and was actually on j
his way to command the army in Utah at the time j
of his death. That is the difference between the |
two cases. i
The Committee on Pensions were not disposed
to establish the rule that a pension should be '
granted to the widow of an officer who died of
natural decay, or of a natural disease; but saw fit :
to adhere to "the principle that has heretofore been
established by Congress, that no pension should
• be granted to the widow of any officer, except ;
that officer died from disease contracted in the line >
of the sen ice, or of wounds received in actual ,
conflict in defense of the country. I will say,
however, that the committee came to the eonelu- ;
sion that thev would report a general hill, and I [
do not know that I violate any rule in regard to
the transactions of the committees, when I say
that the Senator from Alabama [Mr. Clay] is i
preparing a bill at this time, which, I suppose,
will' include Mrs. General Macomb—a bill de-
signed (o place officers of the Army and officers ot
the Navy, and their widows, on an equality, and
under which Mrs. Macomb will probably be en-
titled to a pension.
Mr. MALLORY. I will ask the Senator, be-
fore he sits down, whether there was any evidence
before the committee at all tending to show that
General Macomb did not die from disease con-
tracted in the service :
Mr. GRIMES. There was evidence that Gen-
eral Snath died of disease contracted while m the
service; but no evidence that General Macomb
so died.
Mr.MALLORY. Was there any evidence on
thai subject at all with regard to General Macombr
Mr. GRIMES. 1 think none on the subject,
but I am not certain about it. Certainly, there
was no evidence which showed that he died of
distast contracted in the lino of the service.
Air. SEWARD. I wish to offer an amendment J
to the amendment. I received this morning a j
petition from Mrs. Arabella Riley, the widow of
General Riley, who died some two or three years '
ago in the service, which I ought to have pre- ;
sented. His history, I suppose, is known to
every member of the Senate. Wc all knew him, :
for we saw him here in the decline of life from j
disease contracted in the service; I think every- ;
body in the country knows that; and 1 move to
amend the amendment by adding the name of:
Mrs. Riley, widow of General Riiey, who died I
of disease contracted in the Mexican war. :
Mr. GRIMES. General Riiey died of cancer,
if I recollect aright. j
Mr. SEWARD. He died of a disease of the .
bowels, attended with cancer, which consumed j
and wasted him away. I
Mr. IVERSON. Sofaras regards the discrim- I
ination between the two cases, I do not think it :
has much merit. General Smith was in the Army, J
and he died in his bed. He died from natural :
causes. He did not die from any wounds received j
in battle. If he had died from disease contracted j
in the line of the service, there wouldbenoneces- i
sity for his widow coming to Congress togetapen- ,<
sion. She would only have to apply to the Pen- ;
sion Office, and, under the general law, she would j
receive a pension. But I apprehend it is not one j
of those cases in which, under the law, the widow j
would be entitled to a pension, and therefore it is |
not a case in which the officer died from disease i
contracted in the service; but from such a disease i
as he would have contracted, probably, if he had
never been in the service. !
General Macomb died here, it is true, while in ;
the service of the United States. He was here,
stationed where the lawmade itnecessary for him !
to live. He could not go out into active service, ;
because the law made this the head-quarters of the ,
Major General-in-Chief of the Army, and he lived j
here under the requirements of the law. He was j
one of the most gallant men that ever belonged to I
our Army; and he has reflected as much honor, j
credit, and glory on the American arms, proba- i
1 blv, as any man who has ever fought for us. He '
! was commander at Plattsburg—one of the most ;
' brilliant conflicts of the last war with Great Brit-
ain; and he was selected, after the war, to be the
general-in-chief, in preference to General Scott ,
and other generals, I believe, by Mr. Adams, who j
j was then President of the United States. He died,
' and left his widow poor. I understand she is !
: really in embarrassed circumstances; and, if any- ;
i body needs the bounty of this Government, she '
! needs it as much as ]\lrs. Smith, and I declare, !
• considering her circumstances, that she needs it
i more. It is said she keeps house here. I know !
a woman may be very poor, and yet a good
housekeeper, and all that. I do not speak from ,
' personal knowledge of Mrs. Macomb, because :
my acquaintance with her is very limited; but I i
understand from good authority that she is in j
embarrassed circumstanccs. What may be the
condition of Mrs. Smith, I know nothing about;
but this is a mere application to the bounty and
generosity of the Government in both cases, and
I think one stands on as high a footing as the
other. The case of Mrs. Riley I know nothing
about. 1 am willing to vote to put that on also,
though I shall vote'against the bill in any and
every shape in which it can be presented.
There seems to me to lie a very great injustice
, and favoritism, if I may so express myself, in
giving these bounties to the widows of officers,
and excluding them entirely from the widows ot
soldiers. You never give the widow of a soldier
a pension, unless she brings herself within the
provisions of the law. You never ghe pensions,
• as a mere act of bounty, where the soldier dies
in the ordinary discharge of his duties, and from_
disease contracted while lie is m the discharge ot
those duties. \ ou never give their widov, s any
bounties; you never give them any pensions, that
I know of. There may, perhaps, be some ex-
ceptional cases. But whenever the widows ot of-
1 ficers come before Congress, they always find
; friends to give these pensions to then'..
Here is a ease that is taken out of the ordinary
rule. Heretofore, these pensions luvse been ai-
lrwed at th«- rate of the half pay of a lieutenant
. colonel, and nothing beyond thai, and that is only
I, thirty dollars a month; but you propose to give
'i Mrs,' Smith fifty dollars a month. On what prin-
ciple is that predicated ? I know there are one or
two exceptions to the general rule. You made
an exception at the last Congress,in favorofMrs.
Gaines. There was no reason on the face of the
earth why her ease Should have been taken out
of the ordinary rule. The rule heretofore has
been, in all cases—until, I believe,Mrs.Gaines's
case at the last Congress—to give to those wid-
ows the half pay of a lieutenanteolonel,and noth-
ing beyond that. You went beyond thatin Mrs.
Gaines's case,and you are now opening the door
again, and pursuing the same bad precedent, to
give Mrs. Smith fifty dollars a month; and then
the next widow will come and ask for fifty dol-
lars more, and so on. So you are breaking down
the rule which Congress has established in all
such cases heretofore. I shall move to reduce
the amount from fifty to thirty dollars a month, so
as to conform to the rule heretofore established,
when the proper time comes. I have no objec-
tion now to putting on Mrs. Riley's case. It is
quite as good as Mrs. Smith's or Mrs.Macomb's.
I have no doubt of that, though it has not met the
recommendation of the committee; but it is not
m order, I suppose, until the amendment I have
offered is acted upon.
Mr. SEWARI). I move it as an amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. IVERSON. Then I have no objection to it.
Mr. SEWARD. I beg to ask the Senator from
Mississippi, who is well acquainted with General
Riley and his wife, how far I am correct in what
I stated in regard to him ?
Mr. DAVIS. Entirely correct. It only fell
short of what was due to that gallant officer. Gen-
eral Riley entered the service about the period of
the increase of the Army undqj-Mr. Jefferson. He
was a subaltern in Forsyth's riflemen on the Ca-
nadian frontier, distinguished at an early period
for his gallantry, and marked by the most haughty
defiance of death whenever he was seen in hattle;
and so it continued to extreme age. It was said
of him at the battle of Cherubusco, that he walked
between his own line and that of the enemy under
the cross-fire of both. I knew him well; I served
under his command. A braver man, a kinder-
hearted man, or a truer-hearted man, never lived.
| After the close of the Mexican campaign, in which
he figured conspicuously on both of the great lines
| of operation, he wentto'California; and there civil
I duties devolved upon him, vexations to which he
| had been unaccustomed. He returned broken in
I health: and if his death was not the result of his
j military campaign, it was because he was not al-
I lowed to recover from the fatigues and exposures
! of that, before he was submitted to new and still
I more embarrassing trials to liiin.
! I think, Mr. President, these are all meritorious
! cases. I concur with the Senator from Georgia
1 in all he said in favor of General Macomb; and
; no one has yet detracted anything from General
1 Smith. He is worthy of the praise which the Sen-
! ator from Iowa has besto%ved upon him. They
are three highly meritorious cases. The widows
are left poor. ' And here I will say, that I was
' struck with astonishm^it at the argument of the
Senator from Georgia, claiming that an invidious
distinction was made in treating the widow of the
! officer differently from that of the enlisted man.
; The widow of the enlisted man suffers usually
• little by his death. It would be an extraordinary
case if she were to be seen tor years in weeds as
1 the widows of these gallant men stijl are. There
is no parallelism in tiie cases. There is no just
, application in the argument. It is not merely that
one is commissioned and the other is enlisted; but
1 i it is that the wife of one is left destitute by his
1 death, and the other scarcely affected.
i The Senator from Georgia is mistaken, too, m
the argument he makes as to the amount which
| may be allowed—quite mistaken. The pay ot a
lieutenant colonel of engineers, topographical en-
: gmeers. or ordnance, or the pay of a lieutenant
■ ■ colonel of mounted dragoons, cavalry, riflemen,
I or light infantry, is ninety-five dollars a motith.
! Mr. CLAY." What is that?
Mr. DAVIS. The last act; the present pay of
,] the Army.
Mr. CLAY. The Senator knows the former
1 pay of the lieutenant colonel was sixty dollars a
! month. The Senator from Georgia was right
: about that,and I feel bound to sustain him. These
•j pensions were all, until within the last Congress
>i or two, regulated by the former pay law,sua the
