1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of Representatives to the bill (S. No. 84) to facil-
itate communications between the Atlantic and
Pacific States by electric telegraph.
Mr. GWIN. The House have sent us a sub-
stitute for our bill. I propose to amend the sub-
stitute of the House in the words that the Secre-
tary will read.
The Secretary read the amendment: to strike
out, in the third, fourth, and fifth lines, the words
" advertise for sealed proposals, to be received for
sixty days after the passage of this act," and in-
sert:" to contract with Zunas Barnum, Thomas R.
Walker, John H. Berry hill, Hiram Sibley, Nor-
vin Green, John D. Caton, Frederick A. Bee,
Charles M. Stebbins, and James S. Graham, or
their assigns, or a majority of said contractors or
assigns;" so that the House amendment will read:
That the Secretary of the Treasury, under the direction
of the President of tiio United Slates, is hereby authorized
and directed to contract with Zenas Barnum, Thomas It.
Walker, John II. Berrjhill, Hnam Sibley, Noivin Green,
John D. Caton, Fiedcrick A. Bee, Charles M. Stebbins,arid
James S. Giaham, or Ibeit assign-., or ;t nngoiity of said
contractor or assigns, and the fulfijlmentof which contract
shall be guarantied by responsible parties as in the case of
bids for tnaij contracts, for the use by thctiovernment of a
line or lines of magnetic telegraph, to bo constructed within
two years from the 31st day of July, &c.
Mr. GWIN. I will state the reason why I
propose this amendment. These parties named
in the amendment arc the presidents of the vari-
ous telegraph companies of the United States. It
is not creating a corporation, which is one of the
objections of the House; but these parties are the
owners of the patent, and are a corporation already
created by law. They own the patents of the
varioug*telegraph apparatus. They can construct
the line on this route and put it in operation. I
should be very willing, if it could be done with
safety, to let tne amendment of the House remain
as it is; but I am perfectly confident that no tele-
graph line could be built except by those parties.
They have the control now of the patent for tele-
graph lines through the United States, and they
are the presidents of the companies.
There is another reason why this amendment
ought to pass. The amendment of the House
requires that there shall be sixty days'notice. By
an act of the Legislature of California, a bonus
of §60,000 is given to the first line that is built,
provided it is done within eighteen months, and
$>40,000 for the second line that is built. The par-
ties wish to get the bonus on each by building
both lines; but if they are compelled to wait sixty
days to receive bids, it will diminish the chance of
these lines getting the bonus offered by the State.
I hope, therefore, that this will be accepted, with
the balance of the amendment of the House re-
ducing the subsidy to §10,(100, and reducing the
ry for each message from four to three dollars.
am willing to take the whole balance of the
amendment of the House with this addition.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will inquire why the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is inserted inthatcontract ?
Ml'. GWIN. In order that the subsidy shall
be paid out of the Treasury of the United States,
instead of the Post Office fund.
Mr. SIMMONS. That may be provided for;
but it seems to me that, when we make a Post
Office contract, it ought to be made by the Post-
master General.
Mr. GWIN. The Secretary of the Treasury
is inserted in order that the money shall be paid
out of the Treasury, and not be a charge on the
Post Office fund,
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Chair will have
the question stated again. What is precisely the
question ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from California—which will be read by the Sec-
retary—to the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
The Secretary again read it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I will now move that the Sen-
ate concur in the amendment of the House, as
amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Secretary
will read the amendment of the House, as it has
been amended.
Mr. GWIN. The amendment has already
been read to the Senate. I suppose it is unneces-
sary to read it now. It will take a great deal of
time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the reading
is notdesired by any Senator, itwill be dispensed
with. The question now is, on agreeing to the
amendment, as amended.
Mr. TOOMBS. As I do not wish to call for
the yeas and nays, I merely desire to express my
disapprobation of these congressional contracts;
and therefore I shall vote against this, though.I
do not care about calling the yeas and nays on it.
The amendment of the House, as amended,
was concurred in.
BERIAH WRIGHT.
Mr. KING. I move that the Senate take up
House bill No. 385.
Mr. TOOMBS. What is it?
Mr. KING. It is a bill to increase the pension
of a poor old man.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 385) granting an invalid
pension to Beriah Wright, of New York". It di-
rects the Secretary of the Interior to place the
name of Beriah Wright, of New York, upon the
roll of invalid pensioners of the United States, and
pay to him a pension, at the rate of four dollars
per month, in addition to the pension he is now
receiving, from the 16th of February, 1858, during
his natural life.
Mr. TOOMBS. I want to hear the report. Why
is the pension to be increased ?
Mr. KING. Let the report be read. He had
a pension of four dollars a month before, and, on
additional certificates, it is now proposed to give
him the other four dollars; bat let the report be
read, which will explain it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I believe these pension bills
are passed as a matter of course. I withdraw the
call, therefore, for the reading of the report, and
shall vote against the bill myself. I do not believe
anybody pays any attention to these bills, and I
therefore withdraw the call. They are passed
without any sort of notice from anybody, as a
matter of course. I think it is considered to be a
matter of indifference how pensions arc passed,
and therefore, simply announcing my opposition,
I do not ask for the reading of the report. No-
body cares anything about these pension cases.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
GEORGE P. MARSH.
Mr. FOOT. The other morning I reported a
bill for the relief of George P. Marsh, which was
read three times; and now stands upon its pas-
sage. The honorable Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Fitcii] objected to final action of the Senate upon
it at that time. I learn from him that upon ex-
amination of tho case, he is satisfied of the justice
of the claim, and withdraws the objection. Imove
that it now lie put on its passage.
Mr. FITCH. 1 objected to the passage of the
bill because of certain information which I had
noticcd in the remarks made by members of the
Senate on the subject; but am satisfied that pre-
cedent is in Mr. Marsh's favor. I do not com-
mitmyself of course to the justice and correctness
of the claim; but now, as it is the only exception,
I believe, to relief of that kind, I feel disposed to
waive the objection.
Mr. POLK. I feel it my duty to state, in regard
to that claim, that a gentleman who professed to
know something about it, came to speak with me
about it on the supposition that it was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations. There was
objection made to it by that gentleman. I will
make no objection, except this: that on the in-
formation 1 received, I shall feel myself com-
pelled to vote against the claim. It was a one-
sided statement, to be sure.
Mr. FOOT. It has been reported from both the
Committee on Foreign Relations and the Commit-
tee on Claims.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion to take up the bill (H. R. No. 8)
for the relief of George P. Marsh.
The motion was agieed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on tho passage of the bill.
The bill was passed.
LAND CLAIMS IN MISSOURI.
Mi". POLK, The Committee on Private Land
Claims,, to whom was referred the.bill (H.R. N0>
118) to confirm certain private land claims "in the
State of Missouri, have instructed me to report in
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Missouri asks the immediate consideration
of the bill of the House just reported. . , , . ,,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I inquire it* thero ia not a
special order at half past eleven o !clock this morn-
ing? ' ' V;
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, The Chair
will ascertain whether any special order has been
made for the hour, that has arrived.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is House biB No. 220,
which >v,as made the special order for half past
eleven o'clock to-da.y..
Mr. GWIN, While the Secretary is looking
for that bill, I desire to make a-report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is a
proposition pending, and the Chair cau receive
nothing until it is disposed of. , , , 1
Mr. TRUM HULL. It is the bill (H. ft/No'.
220) for the relief of Anson Dart.
Mr. POLK. I hope the Senator will allow the
bill I have reported to be considered until the Sec-
retary finds the papers in the other case.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That can be
done by unanimous consent.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I am personally interested
in calling up the special order; but I have no ob-
jection to going on with-the bill of tiie Senatoj
from Missouri while the Secretary is in search of
the paper in the other case, which has been mis-
laid.
There being no objection, the Senate, asin Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill (H. R. No. 118) to confirm certain land claims
in the State of Missouri. It proposes to confirm
the decisions made J>y the recorder of land titles
in the State of Missouri, and the two commis-
sioners associated with him, by virtue of an act
entitled " An act for the final adjustment of pri-
vate land claims in Missouri," approved July 9,
1832, and an act supplemental thereto, approved
March 2, 1833, as entered in the transcript of de-
cisions transmitted by the recorder and commis-
sioners to the Commissioner of the Genera! Land
| Office, in the following cases: to Israel Dodge, or
his legal representatives, seven thousand and fifty-
six arpents; to Walter Fenwick,or his legal rep-
resentatives, ten thousand arpents; and toMackey
Wherry, or his legal representatives, sixteen hun-
dred arpents. In case either of the claims con-
firmed by this act, or any part thereof, has not
been located or surveyed, or cannot be located or
satisfied, either for want of a specific location
prior to this confirmation, or because the land
upon which the same is located has been other-
wise disposed of by the General Government, it
is to be the duty of the surveyor general of the
district, upon proof satisfactory to him that such
claim has been confirmed, and that it in whole or
in part has not and cannot be satisfied for those
reasons, or from any cause, to issue to the claim-
ants, or their legal representatives, a certificate
of location for a quantity of land equal to that so
confirmed and unsatisfied, which certificate may
be located upon any of the public lands of the
United States subject to sale at private entry; but
such location is to conform to tne legal divisions
and subdivisions as provided by law. The re-
gister of the proper land office, upon the location
of sucli certificate, is to issue to the person en-
titled thereto a certificate of entry; upon which,
if it shall appear to the satisfaction of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office that such
certificate has been fairly obtained, a patent is to
issue as in other eases.
Mr. POLK. I move as an Amendment to the
bill, to insert after the word "entry," in the sec-
ond section, the words "not exceeding $1 25 per
acre;" so that the land entered shall not exceed
in price §1 25 per acre.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in, and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time. It was read the third time, and passed.
ERASTCS HUTCHIKS.
Mr. WADE. I desire to inquire if there is
anything before the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
