1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
971
Register before me, but I think we are paying gen-
demon who do 110 duty, except to go to their offices , j
and spend from three to five hours a day there, :j
four, five, and six thousand dollars a year, and I j,
think in some instances higher than that. I wish ;|
I had here the book that was published last year
showing these allowances. We are paying them
altogether too much; and if the pensions for these
widows rested upon that consideration, I should <
vote against them. But I shall vote for them, be- '
cause I think itisdue to them,in accordance with
the policy that the Government has adopted m
similar cases heretofore. You have paid to the
widow of General Worth, and to the widow of !
General Gaines, this sum, and I believe these wid- !
ows are entitled to it. While I rote for these pen- ,
sions, I hope that the session will not pass away
before we shall pass a bill cutting down some very
extraordinary and extravagantallowances that are
made to our Army officers, m accordance with the
principle of the bill that was reported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs at the last Congress,
and which received the sanction of this body, and
failed to become a law through the action of the j
other House, principally, 1 believe, for the reason !
that it reduced the lieutenantgeneral from §18,000 j
down to the pittance of ten or twelve thousand a i
rear! I hope to see these abuses corrected: and 1
am unwilling that these claims, which I desire
to support, should be based on an appeal founded
on such a ground.
Mr. PUGH. 1 do not wish to say anything
against any of these bills; but I object to this log-
rolling of bills. Let cach case come up oil its
merits. I am inclined to vote for the case of the
widow of General Smith, and I do not know but
that I shall vote for the others. I voted for the
bill for Mrs. Gaines and for Mrs. Jones. I am
willing to vote for any proper case that can be
fairly stated; but this getting of three or four or
five or six rases into one bill, in order that all who
are in favor of one shall vote for all, seems to me
to be a very discreditable system of legislation;
and, the Committee on Pensions having reported
against one of these verv cases that is now offered
as an amendment, and there having been no ap-
plication as to the other, and no report from a
committee, it seems to me we are departing from
all prudence. Let us take the original bill, put
it on its passage, and then, if it can be shown that
the Committee on Pensions have erred in regard
to the case of Mrs. Macomb, it will be time enough
to bring in a bill for her; but I think this connect-
ing of all these cases together is wrong, and if it
be= adhered to, I shall certainly vote for the. sug-
gestion of the Senator from Iowa, to add every
case of every widow that can be suggested, be-
cause there certainly is as much propriety in add-
ill"- all as there is in adding two.
Mr. BEX.TA.MIN. I merely desire to say one
word in reference to the remarks of the Senator
from xsew Hampshire. I do not mean to answer
what he has said now, because I am afriad I shall
jeopard the passage of the bill by so doing; bu t I
desire to enter my protest, against what lie said,
and to sav that I shall answer him hereafter.
of the American Army are better paid than the ; Did General Gaines contract a disease in the tine
officers m any foreign service, J of his duty? By no means. You gave fifty do}-
Mr. DAVIS. How would the Duke of Ma- i lars a month to the widow of Adjutant General
gonta's pay compare with that of some of our i Jones, who died here, not of disease necessarily
generals? t1 contracted in battle. Neither did General Smith.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask the Senator from Georgia I He died in his bed from ordinary disease, as I
if the legislators of Amcrica are not paid higher j; understand, and from no disease which he mighty
~ : not otherwise hafe contracted. The cases are*
than those of Great Britain ?
Mr. IVERSON. I apprehend not nearas well
as the legislators of some Governments. Some
one familiar with the matter, behind me, says we
are not paid anythinglike the legislators of France.
In Great Britain they do notgetany nay regularly
from the Government, but get much greater pay
m some other way. But to come back to the
just as strong, one as the other. I am against
the whole system; but I hope the Senate will add
on these amendments in this case, and then I shall
vote against the whole.
Mr. WIGPALL. Mr. President, I did not
propose to join in this debate; 1 came into the
Hall not knowing that any of these claims-would
original proposition, I say that the officers of our ; be brought Tip for consideration, and I must eon-
Army are better paid than any army in the world, ' fess that, like my friend from Louisiana, I have
and they are better paid than any other officers in j1 received some light on this question: and some
the American Government. They are much better j impressions which I had, have been removed. I,
paid than our naval officers, and you propose
now to increase the pay of naval officers to bring
it up to thajjofthe Army officers.
A brigadier general m the American service
has from seven to eight thousand dollars a'year,
—more than twice as much as any Governor of
any State of this Union, except California; and
there is not a colonel of your Army that does not
get from thirty-five to forty-five hundred dollars
a year, and it "is increased every five years of his
life. He gets an additional ration at thirty cents
a day per ration, for every five years'service. So
it goes on; and the second and first lieutenants
of your Army get from eighteen hundred to two
thousand dollars a year. Men who are just out
of their academy, who are unmarried, and who
havo nobody to support but themselves, are paid
unlike him, though, have been swayed in different
! directions. The eloquence and the arguments of
[ my friend from Mississippi first induced me to
; look favorably upon these claims; but then rose
! the Senator from New Hampshire, and then my
friend from Georgia, and I am somewhat torn by
conflicting emotions. .If the two Senators last
named be right, and I presume they are, I would
suggest to them that they introduce a resolution,
if not a bill, and propose to farm out the lieuten-
ant generalcy to the lowest bidder. As a matter
of course, it requires no education; it requires no
ability; it is a matter of dollars and cents, and.to
the lowest bidder it should be given, as other
Government contracts'. Let us see how that
would operate.
We are told that Army officers are paid too
from fifteen hundred to eighteen hundred dollars ]; much-, that they are paid $1,800 a year actually
a year. Where in the world Eire there men who
receive better salaries? Nowhere. Here is an
officer of the Army who comes to you, and begs
for the office, for if a vacancy occurs there are five
hundred applicants for it. They press the Gov-
ernment for these offices; they urge their appoint-
ment; they demand it at the hands of every friend
they have. They arc constantly boring mem-
bers of Congress, and everybody who has any in-
fluence, to getthem these appointments;and when
i! they get them they go on and spend their money
when they first come into the Army. Why, sir,
there is scarcely a clerk in one of the Departments
! here that does not get $1,800, and he is required
j only to be able to add up a line of figures, and
| write a good hand; but a young man of capacity,
| one who would be an ornament to any position
in life, who goes to the Military Academy, stays
I there for five years, has the capacity to compMS-
' hend all the sciences necessary to be understood
: in order to make a soldier, who, when he leaves
nicy go on emu .-tpciiu U1(„ . that academy, is almost ready in fact to take com-
and then come to the Government to support their i; mand of an army, (and we have seen during the
families. That is the long and the short of it. . last war with Mexico that this is true,) actually
Mr. HALE.
There is no justice in it, in my opinion; it is a
mere gratuity; it is taking money out of the pock-
' ets of the honest yeomanry of the country to pan-
der to the extravagance of your officers and their
families.
What right have you to take my money, or
anybody else's money, to give away to these in-
dividuals r There is no justice in it; there is no
right in it. You levy taxes upon the poor classes
in"the country, put them into your Treasury, and
then take out their money to feed and fatten the
Army officers and their'families, to whom you
pay all their lives a higher salary than is paid to
any officer of the Government. We get $3,000 a
year, it is true; but I apprehend that our services,
snail answei ..nu „ under all the circumstances, will compare favor-
There is protest against protest. !! ably with the services of the officers of your Army .
Mr. IVERSON. I think this whole system is
one of mere bounty, m which there is not a par-
ticle of justice. The Senator from Mississippi
and th'
ready to vote for this bill,
a mere subsistence, and when they die they leave
their widows poor, and therefore they are entitled
to the generosity of the Government. Now, I
assert the fact, that the officers ot the American
Army arc better paid than the officers of any
army in the. world. The French officers are not
paid" as well, the British officers are not paid as
well. What is the pay of a brigadier general m
your service? General Twiggs and General \\ nol
get abeut eight thousand dollars a year.
Mr. DAVIS. Is the Senator able to tell us
what the Duke of'Wellington received as a mili-
tary officer up to the time of his death?
Mr. IVKUSON. The Duke ofWellington was
an extraordinary and exceptional case, ami we
have made the case of General Scott exceptional.
We save lum $33,000 to start with, giving him
a lieutenant general's pav back 1 do not know
how long. The Duke of'Wellington fought the
battle of Waterloo, and he had a vast amount oi
gratuity lonlcrred upon him by the British Par- .... „ --
linmem". But it is lit mlly true that the officers M Mrs. Games, yon he
receives §1,800 a year! During the Mexican war
men were taken from civil life and placed in com-
i mand of brigades and divisions, but they called
1 about them the education and genius of the Army,
I and traded on the capital that the Government
' supplied them, though that capital is paid $1,808
: a year; and they won victories in a foreign land
and added glory to the flag of onr country. That
1 is the truth, and there is no Senator in this Cham-
] berwho does not know that it is so; and that the*
compliments which have been paid to the miljtia
I and to the volunteers are a tribute to the W est
! Point Academy.
I Under these circumstances the question arises
whether these flings should be made on an occa-
sion of this sort, first at the whole Army and then
at the widows of these distinguished officers? I
am as much opposed as any one to a^ squandering
because, although sometimes they are engaged    - ,
in arduous service, perhaps three months out of ,i of public money; but niggardliness is not ahv ajs
every four they are capering "nimbly m a lady's jj economy, and sometimes it results in aaU tx-
Sonator from j |l
F L do not intend to'detract from the merits of ; who cm support themselves m other avocations
the officers of the American Army. They arc a " of life, to remain there. It is economy to pay
gallant set of men, and perform service to the
country, and arc ready at all times to perform it,
perhaps as gloriously'as any men on the face of j
the earth; but 1 say'tlie Government pays them j
well, pavs them high, pays them quite as much ;
ns they ileseive. f voted, four years ago, to ill- i
crease'the pay of the Army officers: I then thought ;
it was too low, but now 1 think it is high enough; :
and I am not disposed to put my hand into the ;
Treasury, where the people's money has been ;
deposited, to take that which is drawn trom the !
sweat of the honest laborer and turn it over to the ^
payment of the widows of officers of the Army , '
; who. if they had been ordinarily economical and
such salaries as would secure ability in the Array;
but to reduce the pay to such an extent that no
man who could support himself in any other
avocation would go into the Army, is actually ex-
travagatiee and a waste oi morn'V. ^ had much
better have no Army.
When you consider that these are exceptional^
cases of giving pensions only to the widows ot
distinguished officers, it shows it cannot lead to
any very great abusf. or to any grfat expenditure
of money". It is not ev* ry officcr who m distin-
guished.' There are but few. It is notevery of-
ficer who occupies such a position, and before us
we have now three isolated cases. I wpnld be
nnnncod m tnkmo- in the rank and file. I would
asking this poor
stances.
•fifty dollars a month.
