1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
they may emancipate the slaves without compen-
sation at all. It is one of those acts of sovxrei^n ;
power which no other power in the Government :
may supervise or revise. There is one other ques-
tion to which i would wish to call the attention
of the gentleman from Ohio; but ay the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Air. LoNGNECKr.ii] has ob-
tained the floor, 1 do Dot desire to intrude upon
his tim<\
Mr. ASHMORE. I would like to make one
remark in reply to the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. STANTON. Perhaps I ought, injustice
to some gentlemen here, to correct a remark that
I made. 1 said that, probably, there was no com-
mon school-house between the Potomac and the
Rio Grande. Perhaps that was too wide an as-
sertion. The idea that I inteuded to convey was,
that in the higher slavery civilization; in the heart
of it; in the cotton-growing region, where the
country is occupied in farms of one or two thou-
sand acres each, there can be no such thing as a
common-school sys'em—no such thing as having
the facilities of education extended to the whole
people; and that if is inconsistent wilh the exist-
ence of slavery itself to disseminate education
among the whole people.
Mr. ASHMORE. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania allow mc a few minutes? I would
like to say two or three words in reply to the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. LONGNECKER. It might provoke rc-
p ly.
Mr. ASHMORE. I think not.
Mr. LONGrNECKER. Then I yield to the
gentleman.
Mr. ASHMORE. Mr. Chairman, I want to
disabuse the mind of the gentleman from Ohio in
regard to the matter of which he has just spoken
—that of common schools. I represent in part
here one of the principal plantation States of the
South. I resided for twenty years of my life—
and I am not a very old man yet—m the midst of
a plantation country; and it is true that where
there are very large tracts of land in the hands of
proprietors, with an immense number of slaves •
operating upon and cultivating these lands, you
may not have school-houses for all the children
in the neighborhood, because families live too far
apart from each other.
But I will tell the gentleman from Ohio that he
will find, near the residence of almost every such
planter, a school-house, where ore educated the
children of the planter and the children of the over-
seer. Let mc say, in addition, that,m nine cases
out of ten, the children are educated at the plant-
er's expense, and, of course, withouUiny cost to ,<
the overseer. Those of us who are smaller plant- j]
ers and slaveholders, and who live mmore thickly j1
populated neighborhoods, unite and pay school- j
teachers' salaries, or so much per scholar. The j
children of the slaveholders and of the non-slave-
holders are educated together, under the tree and j
common-school systems combined. I am proud, ;
Mr. Chairman, to acknowledge m this presence j
that I was the teacher of one of these schools j
for three years The best portion ol the cduca- j
tion I have was obtained while I was engaged i
teaching others. _ ^ |
In the more populated districts of South Caro- j
lina schools are as numerous as they are in any :
of the free States; and, sir, so far as the higher !
institutions of learning; are concerned, let me tell j
the gentleman that, if he will examine the next
census returns, he will find that South Carolina
has as many colleges and classical schools as tiny
other community m this Union.
Mr. Chairman, I will disabuse the mind of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Staxtox] with refer-
ence to the manufactures of my State. Hie man-
ufactures there, sir, are growing as fast as the
necessities of the people demand them. In my
own house—as he put the question to me—I will
state, there are articles of furnituie, manufactured
in South Carolina, that will compare favorably
with any of those manufactured in the best estab-
lishments in th<* North. Indeed, ali my furniture
is the manufacture of my State, excepting, it may
be. a piano, and some articles of rosewood and
mahogany. The same may be stated for many
of tb^^inienien of wealth in the community m
which 1 i:ve; and so tar from the* slave labor re-
tarding or reducing the vaiue of free labor, it is
iust the reverse. 'The mechanic who, ten years
a^o, could only command $1 50 per diem, now
readily gets $2 50. Some superior mechanics can-
not be employed at less wages than five dollars
per diem.
Now, one word on the extension of slavery
Why, sir, we were, with here and there a soli-
taiy exception, perfectly satisfied in the main with
the Missouri line of demarkation between the
North and the South until efforts were made to
apply the Wilmot proviso to all of the Territo-
ries. That proposition, sir, came from the North;
and for the consequent agitation of the slavery
question they are justly chargeable. It was the
first firebrand for many years that had been cast
into the country, and especially into the South.
The people of South Carolina would have been
perfectly willing to let the matter jjest upon the
settlement of the Missouri compromise. They
did let it so rest while they believed that it uncon-
stitutionally deprived them of some of their rights
in the Territories. They believed that all the
Territories of the Union should have been freely
thrown open to them, but they nevertheless abided
by that compromise; and they would have con-
tinued to do so, if it had not been for the repeal of
the 21st rule, and the constant presentation of abo-
lition petitions, and the attempt upon the part of
northern agitators to fasten the "Wilmot proviso
upon the Territories.
There are other matters that I would like to
refer to, but I do not care to trespass further upon
the courtesy of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Loxgxegker.]
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. If the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will yield, I will move that the
committeo.nse.
Mr. LONGNECICER. I yield for that pur-
pose: still retaining the floor, however.
Mr. HAE.RIS, of Maryland. I move that the
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose;and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Curtis reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration the Union generally,
and paiticularly House bill No. 338, to provide
for the payment of outstanding Treasury notes,
to authorize a loan, to regulate and fix the duties
on imports, and for other purposes; and had come
to no conclusion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. ELY, (at four
o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned
[N SENATE.
Friday, Maij 4, 1860.
Prayer by Rev. Daxiel Clakk.
The Journal of Wednesday last was read and
approved.
EXECUTIVE COSDIUX[CATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen- j
ate a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting, 11s compliance with the reso-
lution of the Senate of March 19, 1860, calling for
the correspondence,&c., in relation to the Moun t-
ain Meadow and other massacres, in Utah Terri-
tory, a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
withticcompanyingdocuments;\vhich, 011 motion
of Mr. Johnson, of Arkansas, was ordered to lie
on the table.
He also bid before the Senate a report of the
Postmaster General, communicating, in compli-
ance with a resolution of the Senate, copies of the
contracts of Daniel H. Johnson and Cornelius
Vanderbilt for transporting the mails between
New York, New Orleans, and San Francisco,
via the Isthmus, together with the correspondence
relating thereto; which was oideied to lie on the
table.
He also laid before the Senate, a message from
the President of the United States, transmitting,
' in compliance with a resolution of the Senate of
the Odd ultimo, calling for information concerning
; the expulsion from Prussia of Eugene Dullye, a
! naturalized citizen of the United States, a report
i of the Secretary of State on the subject; which
i was ordered to lie on the table.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by"Mr. Buchanan, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President approved and sigricA,
on the 3d instant, an act (S. No. iil9) for the le-
lief of Stewart MacGowan.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED 1
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced- that the
Speaker of the House had s'igned an enrolled bill'
(EI. R. No. 660) supplemental to an.act entitled
" An act providing for the talcing of the seventh
and subsequent censuses of tlie United States, and •
to fix the number of the members of the House
of Representatives, and provide for the future ap-
portion m e 1; t a rn 0 n g the several States," approved
May 23,1850; and it was signed by the Vice Presi-
dent.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
The message further announced that the House
ordered to be printed, on the 2d instant, the fol-
lowing document:
Message of the President of the United States,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of
the House,^reports from the Secretary of War
and Secretary of State, as to the condition ofafFairs
in the Territory of Utah—ordered at twelve 0 'clock
and six minutes.
The message further announced that the House
ordered to be printed, on the 3d instant, the fol-
io wing-documents:
Letter from the Seci etary of the T reasury, trans-
mitting a detailed statement showing the sums
credited and the amounts charged on account of
the several trusts created under treaties of 1832
and 1834 with the Chickasaw Indians—ordered
at twelve o'clock and seven minutes. .
Letter from the Postmaster General, communi-
cating copies of letters relating to the finishing and
furnishing of rooms m the custom-house at New
Orleans, designed for the post office—ordered at
twelve o'clock and seven minutes.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the memorial of Eliza
E. Ogden, widow of the late E. A. Ogden, a quar-
termaster in the Army, praying for a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. WILSON presented an additional paper in
support of the claim of William Welch to a pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.'
Kc also presented the petition of occupants of
the Rogue river Indian reservation in Jackson
county, Oregon, praying the enactment of a law
openingthat reservation to preemption and entry;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. BROWN presented a memorial of a com-
mittee of the corporation of Georgetown, District
of Columbia, setting forth their objections to a
bill introduced into the Senate to authorize the?
Baltimore and Ohio railroad to extend the Wash-
ington branch of their road across the Potomac
river at the uite>of the Long Bridge; which was
ordered to lie on the table; and a motion to print
I the memorial wa5 referred to the Committee 011
Prin tins:.
! Mr. HEMPHILL presented a petition of the
' marine insurance companies of the city ofPhila-
' delphta, praying the erection of a light-house on
! the'bar at Galveston, Texas; which was referred
j to the Committee on Commerce.
I He also presented a petition of citizens of Texas,
i praying the establishment of -a mall route from
' Brown wood, in Brown county, via Lanipassas
Springs, to Austin city, in that State; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roods
| Mr. LATHAM presented a memorial of the
\ Legislature of the State of California, praying
' that the amount expended by that State 111 the
i suppression of Indian hostilities may be refunded;
1 which was referred to the Committee on Military
1 Affairs and Militia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of
George W. Harris, representing that he has in
bis possession portions of a journal of the Senate,
kept by one of the Senators from Pennsylvania,
during the first and second sessions of Congress
a portion of which he proposes to publish, and
asks the patronage of the Senate; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Library.
PAPERS WITHDRAWS AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. KING, it was
Qnloci, Thai the memorial of the president and direct-
ors of Hie Boaid of Trade, of OsWcgo, iork,
plaining of the manner m which ffie treaty of 18o4, between
