972
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
country. In compliment to the dead, and justice
to the living, I shall vote for the appropriation.
Mr. GREEN. It is very important to have a
certain matter attended to in executive session.
Several Senators. Let us take a vote.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope we shall finish this
bill.
* The PRESIDING OFFICER, [Mr. Bright
in the chair.] The question is on the amendment
proposed by the Senator from New York to the
amendment of the Senator from Georgia.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
%Ir. TOOMBS. Mr. President, my colleague
frequently tells us, no doubt very properly and
justly, in his opinion, that we do not attend to the
claims of citizens on this Government; but, in my
judgment, the complaint is not well founded, for
the very reason that occurs here to-day. You
may take up the Calendar, and you will find that
probably ninety-nine out of a hundred of the
cases on it are appeals, and wrona; appeals, to the
gratuity of the Government: ana those are the
large meritorious class of people from whom gen-
tlemen say we are withholding justice ! Now,
takethisonginalbill. Theofficerforwhose widow
it provides, had a brief but very brilliant career.
He was a man who did the country much service.
I knew him well; and he was one of the very best
models of an officer. I had the highest respect
for him. He entered the service probably at not
a less compensation than three or four thousand
dollars a year. Very soon it was carried from four
thousand to five thousand dollars. He was in the
Army probably not more than eight years of his
life, and certainly not more than ten; and his com-
pensation averaged him more than five thousand
dollars a year; which, I say, considering the
claims on him, is higher than the compensation
of theJPresident of the United.States. I say con-
sidering the claims; because there are certain social i
necessities that devolve on the President that are 1
as unyielding as law.
This officer entered your service when he was :
perhaps sixty years of ago, averaged $5,000 a ■
year while he was in it, and now the American
Senate is asked to pension his widow for life. It is
wrong in principle, and unjust to the country; j
and 1 make the point with no desire to say any- '
thing against this officer, or the recipient of tin- '
bill. Perhaps no one sympathizes with them
more than I do. Nobody would go further to :
relieve them, or would feel more keenly their des-
titution, their poverty, ortheir sorrow. But, sir,
we ought to base our legislation on principle, j
These special pensions are wrong and unjust to
the country. You have laws by which, when a -
person who enters your service dies in the dis-
charge of his duty, that is, if he is killed m battle ,
or diesfrom wounds contracted in battle, his widow .
receives an allowance for so many years. That j
is a contract, not a gratuity, ai.d that is right.
This, however, does not come within that rule, |
When a man enters the service as a lieutenant, as j
you have just heard, he gets a very large eompen- :
sation. My colleague is perfectly correct in say- |
ing that, in the lower ranks in our Army, we pay ;
higher than any Government in the world; and i
in that respect I think our system is the worst of i
all. The system in foreign countries, I think, is a \
good one—great rewards for great services. They !
put the compensation of their public servants on i
the value of that kind of talent which the Gov- I
ernmcnt wants, and when you depart from that !
rute you depart from ail principle, and open wide j
the door to corruption. Now, you take a young )
man, probabiy at sixteen years of age, and edu- j
cate him, and at twenty he comes out, and, if he '•
graduates well, receives fifteen or sixteen hun- !
dred dollars a year at once. You keep him for
forty years, until you want him, because in time
of peace you have very little use for him, and
even when you have war, for it seems, notwith-
standing the large number of men we keep in ser-
vice, that when there is a little Indian war you
must have volunteers, and pay a million or two
for them. You keep your Army to pay, not to
fight; because, when the fighting is to be done,
you go among the people and call on them to do'
lti That is your practice.
If it be proper and right that every person who ' I
serves the country m the Army ought to be pen- !j
sioned, I put it to the candor, to the justice of \ i
every Senator here, is it just to the soldier, is it j|
II just to the subaltern, who spends his days and |
I! nights in the public service, that he shall be al- j
j lowed to die and leave his widow penniless, and j
i - his orphans without a farthing, if he has not been I
r! a distinguished man, if he has not been the friend ,
• of Senators and Representatives; if his wife is too 1
gress. Now, however, it seems that even when
the proper committee report against granting a
pension, any Senator feels at liberty to propose a
bill for that purpose, upon the idea that it is only
giving away the public money—giving it away
to the widows of excellent people and meritorious
J poor, or is unable, fpm the misfortunes of edu- ;i officers, I admit; but it is against public policy;
cation or other reasons, to come here-and plead
her cause before Senators, and get their promise
11 to vote for a pension for her? if the pension be
"1 necessary, give it to all, fix it,make a rule. It is i
; unjust and iniquitous to give it to those who press j;
. you the most, or to the widows of the best and
ii most influential men. Do justice to all the peo- >'
pie; give to the poor and humble widow of the j!
■ lieutenant or captain, who cannot come here to
make her petition. For like service, for a like '
time of service, for a like kind of service, for the !■
; like circumstances of death, if you intend to be !,
i! just, give them all the same compensation. But |j
[ when you act in the way now proposed, you vio- j]
,i late a principle of justice; you do notl|ing'but evil j;
:: in the public service; you demoralize it; you are !;
unjust to the country, unjust to the Army, and e
unjust to the public service.
Theie might be a ease within the principle of j
.' the pension laws, within their equity, but not ;
1: within the strict letter. That is a fair case for ij
legislation, and the onlv ease forlegislation. -This I'
it is contrary to the interest either of the public
or of the Army; it is unjust to the officers who do
not get it, to the subaltern officer, and to the sol-
dier himself. Why not extend this bounty to
soldiers and their widows r They leave widows,
and they leave widows destitute. In such cases,
in ninety-nine instances out of a hundred, they
are cases of total destitution. Take the mass of
the fifteen thousand men you have got in your
Army, and they would never be there, but for
destitution. They are driven by want into the
service; and of course, when they die, if they have
families, they leave nothing for them but, to be the
inmates of poor-houses.
Mr. LANE. Will the Senator from Georgia
yield ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I have done.
Mr. LANE. I will ask the Senate now to go
into executive session. There is a case which is
very important. Itislate. We shall hardly get
through with this matter this evening. It is im-
portant that there should be prompt action in ex-
ecutive session, before the mail goes out.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope we shall not quit
; is not of that character; nor is it extraordinary in
' the circumstances. In the eases referred to by   
my colleague, the eases ot Mrs*. Games and of this-subject just now. The original bill is onp
j.Mrs. Jones, thoy had friends here; they were j. for which everybody was willing to vote. Every-
Ij most excellent people; they could wield an in- \\ bod^ was willing to allow the pension justly due
!. fluence from their very virtues, well known to all 1 to 'the widow of General Smith. I regret very
of us; but as for their having any rights in equity ; much that these amendments have been moved
ii or justice, nobody pretends it. Why does not which have occupied time. I think there will be
, the Military Committee bring in a bill that per-
i* sons under the circumstances of these people— :
j why does not my friend from Mississippi, if it be >
I a just principle, bring in from his committee a bill I
; to pension all persons under like circumstances? ;
■ How many votes would it get here? It would j
: not get his, I presume. j
I Mr. DAVIS. It is not the duty of the Com- 1
t mittec on Military Affairs, or I should hayelong |j ise me tolie^t upVhronginaVbm "some day
I since brought m a bill expressing at least my own H next week, I shall not persist.
nothing more said, and we can take the question
now.
Mr. LANE. I think this bill will have a better
chance at another meeting than this evening. We
do not meet again until Monday, and it is import-
ant to have an executive session before the mail
goes out to-day.
Mr. CAMERON. If the gentleman will prom-
news on the subject. If the Committee on Pen-
sions think it belongs to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, I may do so yet.
Mr. TOOMBS. My friend and I both under- ;
stand this business very well. Whenever we want I
a question before us, it is easy to put it there; all ;
a gentleman has to do is to offer a resolution for :
his committee to inquire into it; and if he thinks :
the public interests demand it, if he supposes such j
a law would be necessary and proper for the coun- ;
try and the Army, it is very easy for him to get ,
it before his committee.
Air. DAVIS. I will ask ihe Senator from Geor-
gia, whether, if he were to introduce such a reso-
lution, he would send it to the Committee on
Military Affairs, or the Committee on Pensions?
Mr. TOOMBiS. If it was for the Army, I think
I would send it to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS. I mean just as you speak of.
Mr. GREEN. Certainly.
r The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright.)
The first question will be on postponing the fur-
ther consideration of this subject until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-d.av, it be to
meet on Monday xr-xi.
INDIAN TREATY APPROPRIATIONS.
!j A message from the House of Representatives,
ij by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
!j House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 216) making
| j appropriations for fulfilling treaty stipulations
I; with the Ponca Indians, and with certain bands of
11 Indians in the State of Oregon and Territory of
j: Washington, for the year ending June 30,1860;
;j which was read twice by its title; and, on motion
Mr. TOOMBS. If it was for military pen- j M'\ Fitzpatrk ic, referred to the Committee
sions.I would send it to the Committee on Military on Fmance-
Affairs. I think it is the most appropriate-place, i EXECUTIVE SESSION.
I do not think.the Committee on Pensions oughtOn motion of Mr. GREEN, the Seriate pro-
to have anything to do with pensions, except to (, ceededtothe consideration of executive business;
look into the class I have named—cases within
the equity of the law, but which, on account of
the rules of the Department, or from some defect
in proof, require an exceptional law. They may
, properly supply that defect, when a case is within
! the principle and the equity of the rule; but as
j for going out and taking up independent cases,
j I do not think they have any such right. Form-
i Prlv. if Ifnil 1a A at avt a ^ a
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 2, 1860.
 .....sill^ jjguL. j ,,,!u. n House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prater
erly, if you look at the reports of the Committee ,'i ^7 dewn-t t ai.magk, of Syracuse, in ew
on Pensions twenty years ago, when we had time || ™r, T
to legislate, you will find that all pension cases heJournaloiyesterday wnsreadandapproved.
were put upon principle; and I suppose it has j! EXECUTIVE DOCUMENTS.
the firat one was j1 mSSffcttyrf U e Treasury
°VWC I ™;oq^an, I had something j
to do with these matters in the other House, and
I looked into them a good deal, and it was always
necessary in your report to show the principle.
-xpenditures of money
| appropriated for the discharge of miscellaneous
| claims not otherwise provided for, and paid out
: rrf year ending June
act of March 3,1859;
of lh0 reports m.do  ju.lrf, 5- j °P°"
