1916
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May
tlie United States arid Great Britain, known as the reci-
procity treaty, is executed, ;uid praying such a modifica-
tion of the same as will be more in haimony with the in-
tention of its trainers and tin- interests of the people, on the
file? of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of William Welch, a soldier
in the u'.n with Great Britain, and subsequent Jndian wars,
praying for a pension, on the files of the yenate, be lefened
to the Committee on Pensions.
WOLF ISLAND.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Some few sessions ago,
(I do not remember exactly when,) a resolution
was passed by this body coding to the State of
Kentucky whatever proprietary right this Gov-
ernment might have to Wolf Island, in the Mis-
sissippi river. In support of the facts upon which
that resolution rested, there wore a good many
affidavits and documents filed. I presume they
arc no longer of any use; and as litigation is now
pending between the States of Kentucky and Mis-
souri, m relation to the right of jurisdiction over
that island, I wish to withdraw these evidences,
in order that they may be used in that suit. I
aslc leave to withdraw the documents and papers
filed with that resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GREEN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
427) for the relief of Eveline Porter, wido w of the
late Commodore Porter, deceased; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. CRITTENDEN asked, and by unani-
mous consc-nt obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 428) to provide for the ascertainmcntand
satisfaction of claims of American citizens for
spoliations committed by the French prior to the
31st day of July, 1801; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to a select committee of
seven, to be appointed by the Vice President.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Piivate Land Claims, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 425) for the relief of the "heirs and
legal representatives of Pierre Dolet, of the State
of Louisiana, reported it with an amendment,
and submitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CLARIC, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (II. 11. No.
G37) to settle the titles lo certain lands set apart
for the use of certain half-bleed Kansas Indians,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. DURKEE, from tho Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom wai referred the memorial of
Thomas P. Dudley, praying to be allowed an in-
crease of pension, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from theXjommittce on In-
dian AtIairs,to whom was referred the memorial
of Colonel Johnston and other officeis of the i
Aimy m Utah, praying that Edward A. Milti- j
more and others may be indemnified for losses I
and sufferings occasioned by an attack of Indians j
while journeying to California, asked to lie dis- '
charged from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of lliram Corum and
otheis, claimants of portions of the Delaware trust
lands, praying that their rights may be placed m
the position of those claiming under Frederick
Samuels, asked to be discharged from us further
consideration; which was agieed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition ot'Gillum fialey and W.
If. Baley, praying for indemnity for losses re-
sulting from depredations of the Mohave Indians,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Thomas O. and Ed-
ward 0. Smith, praying compensation for supplies
furnished to emigrants on the route to California,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a memorial of Colonel Johnston and
other officers of the Army in Utah, praying that
Milton Carpenter, Buren D. Hungerford, Mira
Hungerford, Jacob W. Paulin, and the family of
Abel L. Root, may be indemnified for losses and
sufferings occasioned by an attack of the Indians
while journeying from Iowa to California, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the memorial and joint resolutions
of the Legislature of Minnesota, in favor of the
remuneration of James B. Thomas and family,
for property lost and injury sustained by Indian
depredations, asked to be discharged from their
further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Charles Maurice
Smith, praying compensation for defending, at
the request of the superintendent of Indian affairs
in Utah, two Indian boys who were indicted for
a criminal offense in the second judicial district
court for that Territory, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was agreed
to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 152) to settle the
titles to certain lands set apart for the use of cer-
tain half-breed Kansas Indians, in Kansas Terri-
tory, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Drayton La Venture,
graying that patents may be granted for reserva-
tions to half-breeds of the Kansas tribe of Indians,
under the sixth article of the treaty of 1825, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 284) for the relief of John
W. Taylor and certain other assignees of pre-
emption land locations, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the hill (II. R. No. 627) for the re-
lief of the widow and other heirs of William
Higgins, deceased, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Eli Goss, a soldier in
the Aroostook expedition, praying to be allowed
bounty land, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Ashton S. H. White,
praying for compensation for signing land patents,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
429) for the relief of Ashton S. Ii. White. The
bill was read, and passed to a second reading; and
the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN. There "were, some days since,
referred to the Committee on the Library, certain
papers, asking for some action on the part of Con-
gress for taking astronomical observations at the
time of the eclipse of the sun. That committee,
I understand, have somewhat considered the sub-
let. There was one memorial of like character
referred to the Committee on Commerce. The
subject ought all to be before one committee. I
therefore ask that the Committee on Commerce
be discharged from the furtlu.r consideration of
the memorial of the officers of the American Phil-
osophical Society of Philadelphia, relating to the
subject to which I have alluded, and that that
memorial be referred to the Committee on the
Libiary, where the other papers are.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, that order will be made.
JAMES S. DOUGLASS.
Mr. JOHNSON,of Arkansas. I have been in-
structed by the Committee on Public Lands, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 420) to au-
thorize the issuance of patents, in the name of
James S. Douglass, to certain land entries made
at Chocchuma, in Mississippi, to report the same
back without amendment. This report is made-
after careful examination of the case upon a full
report from the Interior Department, both by the
Secretary and the Commissioner of Public Lands.
It is merely to correct a clerical error, and I am
directed to ask that the bill be put on its passage
at once. 11 ought to be disposed of, and can take
no time. There is no question at all in regard
to it.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. Itauthorizes the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office to cancel the patents heretofore
issued to James S. Coleman upon land entries
Nos. 3148,3149, 3150,3151,3152, and 3153, made
on the 31st of March, 1835, in the former Choc-
chuma land district of Mississippi; and that he
be authorized to issue patents for the lands em-
braced in those entries to James S. Douglass, sr.,
in whose name those entries ought to have been
carried upon the records by the land officers at
Chocchuma.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ANSON DART.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that the Senate
now take up the bill (H. R. No. 220) for the re-
lief of Anson Dart.
Mr. 1VERSON. This is the day set apart for
the consideration of private bills. It is now
within half an hour of the time when the Private
Calendar should be taken up, and I can see no
reason why this bill should be taken up in prefer-
ence to all other bills on the Private Calendar. It
is on the Private Calendar, I suppose, and will be
reached in its order. I trust the Senate will not
take up that bill in advance of all other bills. I
propose to take up the Private Calendar at one
o'clock, or as soon as the Senate will consent to
take it up, and go on with the Calendar in order;
but I intend to propose, with the consent of the
Committee on Claims, that the Senate take up
only those bills that shall not be objected to. In-
asmuch as the Senate is somewhat thin, and as
Senators are absent, I know, who desire to par-
ticipate in debate upon certain bills which are early
on the Calendar, I think it would be unfair to take
up those bills which would give rise to debate,
some of them of a lengthy character; and there-
fore the better way, I think, would be to take up
those bills to-day which shall not give rise to de-
bate, and let those that have merit be passed and
go to the House of Representatives, in order that
they may be considered by the House at the pres-
ent session. If this case of Anson Dart be taken
up, as a matter of course, it will lead to a lengthy
discussion. I suppose it will, at least. T think
we ought to proceed with the Private Calendar.
1 see no reason, unless the Senator shall present
some urgent necessity for the consideration of
this bill, why it should have a preference overall
the bills on the Private Calendar. It is on the
Calendar, and will be reached in its order; and if
it is such a one as will not give rise to debate, of
course it will pass.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This claim of Mr. Dart,
if private claim it may be called, has been pend-
ing for several years. The bill has twice passed
the Senate., and been three times reported in the
House. It has now passed the House, and has
been sent to the Senate; but the Senator from
Oregon has expressed a wish to present his views
upon it. Some days since, I moved to take it up
for the consideration of the Senate, but, at the re-
quest of the honorable Senator from Oregon, con-
sented that it should be postponed for his accom-
modation. There is no other business that I am
aware of now pressing upon the Senate. I think
it very likely that we can dispose of this bill be-
fore. the morning hour shall have passed away.
I desire it to be taken up, in order that the Sena-
tor from Oregon may be heard upon it. I think
the debate will be brief on this question, and that
it will pass the Senate without a very extended
debate. I hope it will be taken up now.
Mr. LANE. I shall interpose no objection to
taking up this bill, but I will say to the Senator
that if it does come up I wish to be heard very
fully upon it.' It will take to-day at least to get
rid of that bill. I am as ready to meet it now as
I shall be at any time, and would as soon go into
it to-day as on any other day; but if Senators
want to get along with bills on the Private Calen-
dar_ to-day, they had better let this bill go over
until Monday; for we cannot get through with it at
a very early hour to-day, I assure you. It involves
a principle that I hope never to see established
here;and it involves money—dollars and cents—
that will be, if this bill shall be passed, placed into
the hands of one who, in my judgment, is noten-
titled to it. Besides, if the bill is to pass, I must
have an opportunity of preparing amendments and
