1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSB.
Now I think I have demonstrated, without as-
suming any vanity about this matter, that that
claim docs not come within the-rule—I mean the
claim of $40,000 for the stumpage. If that be true
—and my friend from Maine admits that $20,000
of it does not come within the treaty of 1842—it
seems to me that is. enough for our purpose, not-
withstanding what my friend from Georgia [Mr.
Iverson] says; because he insists that, if any part
of the ciaim is in order, therefore the whole of it
is in order. Now, sir, the claim is a general
thing; you cannot separate it. Here are various
sums of money, running from §6,000up to §15,000,
proposed to bo paid to certain parties; you can-
not settle the proportions; you know nothing
about it; a part of it may be—for I am not dis-
posed to discuss that question—within the pro-
visions of the treaty of 1842, although I do not
believe it, and I think I can show it; but more
than two thirds of it arc not within the provisions
of any treaty. How are we to distinguish? How
are we to settle what is in order, and what is not
in order? How can you do it without a commit-
tee? Why, sir, it would be vain for the Senate
to undertake now, upon an appropriation bill, to
sever what is in order, if it be in order, from
what is out of order. You cannot tell what it is.
You cannot ttll any proportions that these par-
ties are entitled to. You know nothing about it.
But, sir, how have the parties to this transac-
tion treated it? Here is the bill—the bill No. 191
—which was introduced during this session. The
same provisions arc here substantially; the very
same amount, except, m comparing this amend-
ment with it, 1 see a little variance of twenty
dollars. There is a variation from the bill of
twenty dollars in the amendment; but the same
parties are mentioned. They treat it as a private
claim; they referred it to the Committee on Claims;
the Committee on Claims reported it; and it has
passed the Senate without objection; and, there-
fore, it is said it ought to be put now upon this
appropriation bill. Well, sir, I concede that no
objection was made to it. It does not follow that
it ought to have passed. We pass a great many
things here without objection that we ought not to
pass. Subsequent investigations have satisfied us
frequently that we were in error. The bill went
to the House of Representatives. The matter
was investigated there. There is an adverse re-
port by a respectable minority from the commit-
tee. Pour of the committee have reported ad-
versely to it. The whole thing has been sifted
thoroughly; but 1 am not going into the merits
of the claim now. 1 only mention this to show
how the parties themselves treated it. They treated
it as a private claim; the Senate treated it as a pri-
vate claim; and it is now sought to put it on the
appropriation bill. I think the whole thing out
of order.
As to the eight thousand acres which it is pro-
posed to pay for here, I am not disposed to dis-
cuss that question now. because 1 believe the
question of order can be as well raised on the other
branch of the question; that is, on thestumpage.
If, however, the decision of the Chair should be
overruled, I shall object to the claim on that score;
for 1 think this is a matter between Maine and her
citizens; the Government of the United States has
nothing to do with it, and that part of this claim
is within the fourth article of the treaty of 1842.
I think it is all outside of it, and I think I shall
be able to show it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I do not
care enough about this matter, although it con-
cerns persons some of whom are citizens of
Maine, to desire, if I could in any case, that the
Senate should act under any sort of misappre-
hension with regard to the facts upon this ques-
tion of order, for 1 believe" the rule to be a very
valuable one, and it is as well it should be settled.
This amendment presents a new case entirely
under the rule. The rule is very clear that where
a bill is to carry out treaty stipulations, it may
be moved. Well, sir, the matter has been in-
vestigated by the Committee on Claims of the
Senate, three several sessions. There have been
thiee reports from the Committee on Claims, all
ot which, 1 suppose, were unanimous, although
the Senator from North Carolina now thinks he
is opposed totheelaim; that he has got some new
hglu upon the subject. All the reports of the
committee to the Senate were unanimous, in
which they brought a large portion of this claim,
very much the largest portion of it, strictly under
the treaty stipulations. The committee have re-
ported it as due to those persons underthese stip-
ulations of the treaty, and with a view to carry
out these stipulations. I suppose that is answer
enough to tne Senator from North Carolina on
that point. I take it for granted, with all the re-
spect which 1 entertain for his opinions, we must
take the report of a standing committee, made
unanimously, that it does come within the treaty
stipulation, in settling a question of order, in op-
position to the opinion of the honorable Sena-
tor from North Carolina, however respectable it
may be. •>
Mr. BRAGG. The Senator will allow me to
say a word. I do notunderstand that this amend-
ment comes unanimously from the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understood it so.
Mr. BRAGG. I am one of that committee;
but was not present when they acted on it. My
friend on my left, [Mr. Mallory,] also a mem-
ber of that committee, knows nothing about it.
Mr. IVERSON. I am very much surpiised at
the statement of the Senator from North Carolina
that he knew nothing of this subject. Why, sir,
the question was discussed at several sessions of
the committee, and he had the pamphlet report
of the Committee on Printing.
Mr. BRAGG. The Senator does not under-
stand me, evidently. If he understands the Sen-
ator from Maine, he does not understand me.
The Senator from Maine stated that he understood
this amendment was offered as coming unani-
mously fiotn the committee. I have stated that
I knew nothing about it. I was attending another
committee, which met on the same day—the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. IVERSON. I hope the Senator from Maine
will allow me to make an explanation. I entirely
misunderstood the Senator from North Carolina,
f understood him to say that he knew nothing
about the claim. The claim was discussed in
committee when we reported the private bill; but
this amendment comes from the committee in
rather an informal manner, I admit. The com-
mittee did not act upon it in committee. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, who had charge ofitall
the session, went around and consulted, as I un-
derstood, the members of the committee; and I
yielded my consent to let it be brought up on this
bill.
Mr. BRAGG. When I was consulted I ob-
jected to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am speaking of the
nature of the claim, not of this particular aspect
which it assumes under this proposed amendment
I say the claim has been investigated by three
several committees of the Senate, and has had
three several unanimous reports; and when I say
unanimous, I mean no member of any committee
entering a dissent to the report made; and the
committtee is in all cases of opinion that a large
portion of it does come strictly within the treaty
stipulations, and is designed to carry out those
stipulations. Now, I repeat what I said before,
that the Senate, in settling this question of order,
must take the fact to be so in regard to a large por-
tion of it, in opposition to the opinion of the honor-
able Senator from North Carolina, however re-
spectable that opinion may be. While I say this,
I say as distinctly that there is a portion of it,
about a third, which does not come, and is not
pretended to come, within the treaty. It is all put
together in one claim and one report. What that
is, it is not necessary to say. I only say about it
that there has never been any dispute about the
propriety of it; and I understand even one or two
of the House committee agreed, so far as the tim-
ber was concerned, that there was no reasonable
ground of objection to paying for it; but that is
a claim arising under an arrangement made be-
tween this Government and the British Govern-
ment and the State of Maine prior to the treaty,
resulting from acts of theirs prior to the treaty;
and therefore, although that is connected with the
thing entirely, and is a part of it, yet it does not
come strictly within the treaty.
Then the question of order presents itself to the
Senafe precisely in this wise, and every Senator
must judge for himself about it: a large portion
of the claim comes strictly within the rules;some-
thing like, but not quite, two thirds of it. An-
other portion of the claim, about twenty thousand
dollars of a little over, does not' come* within "ttte
rule; but it is 'all part df the same bill, and baa
been reported to the Senate and acted' upon 'as
such. Now, the question is, a-large' proptopttoa
coming within the rule" and a smaller proportion
not coming within the rate, whether the whole is
in or the whole is out. There is the simple quCs- «
tion of order presented to the Senate* 4
Mr. SIMMONS. I have but a word tb sa^in
reference to this amendment. The Senator from
North Carolina misunderstood the Senator Trofi}
Maine when the Senator from Maine spoke of the
report of the committee being made at three •sevr
eral s'essions." The'Senator from Maine was re-
ferring to the former'reports of the committee',
Mr. FESSENDEN: I explained all that. 'I-
am speaking of the fact, with regard to this par-
ticular claim, that has been thr^e times decided,
that it was a large portion of it in order.
Mr. SIMMONS. Now, in regard-to the amend-
ment itself, I will not refer to that portion of it,
some thirty-three thousand dollars, which thfe
Senator from North Carolina agrees is embraced,
and comcs strictly within the fourth article of the
treaty of Washington. That he agrees to. That
is a large proportion of the claim. With respect
to the other portion of this wood, I will say what
the bill said, and what the committee were unani-
mous in saying, the Senator included. We
thought there was a little difference of about a
thousand acres in this great tract of land; but I
recollect distinctly that the two Governments un-
dertook to deal liberally with the settlers, and
therefore did not say anything about that dis-
crepancy in the number of acres. But here is
what the amendment says in relation to thatpor-
tion of it which tho Senator contends is not em-
braced within the rule as coming under a treaty
stipulation. If it i« to carry out the stipulations
of a treaty, he admits that the objection of its be-
ing out of order does not apply. The lastportion
is in these words:
"That was let to the proprietors in consequence of the
diplomatic arrangements made by the United States and
Gteat .Britain in 1832.,5
It is to pay for what was done under a diplo-
matic mrangement; and if that is not embraced
within the terms of the treaty, I do not know
what is. The whole amendment is to provide for
quieting titles and difficulties that have grown out
of these diplomatic arrangements; and is all, there-
fore, strictly within the rules.
Mr. TOOMBS, I hope we shall take the vote
on this amendment without much further discus-
sion. I thmk the honorable Senator from Maine
has stated tins question very fairly and very
frankly. Apart of this amendment, about twenty-
three or twenty-six thousand dollars, according
to the report of the House 
Mr. SIMMONS, Thirty-three thousand dol-
lars.
Mr. TOOMBS. Twenty-six thousand four
hundred and odd dollars, I say, according to the
authority which I have here—it may be inaccu-
rate, but it is the authority of the committee of
the House, whose report is before me—is for the
stumpage, which, they say, had nothing to do
with these possessory claims. Of course, I have _
not had an opportunity ofexaminingitfurther than
looking at the reports of the committees charged
with it. That amount is not within it; but yet,
it seem??, all the money may be paid for the tim-
ber under the amendment. The proviso is for
paying them for the land and timber, and they
may use this money entirely for paying for that
portion of the claim, according-to the proviso.
Here a rule arises on this subject; and 1 desire
the decision of the Senate in reference to it, made
on principle, and not on the case. That is the
safest ana best way for everybody. Of course, I
can have no interest in this subject of any sort.
I will state fairly that a part of it may be under
the treaty; but a part certainly is not. I know it
is the rule in courts that where jurisdiction attaches
to a part, it attaches to the whole. I do not think
that is any rule in the Senate. I think, a portion
of the amendment being clearly and admittedly
out of order, that that which is in order will not
carry that which is out of order. I know of no
principle on which you could do it, even grant-
ing that the position stated by the Senator.from ,
Maine is a corrcct one. There arc other reasons
of convenience for this body,and there are strong
persuasive argumentsagainstit. The committee
