1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
973
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a I
communication from the Secretary of the Navy,
acknowledging the receipt of a resolution of the
House of Representatives of 16th ultimo, request- t
ing the Secretary of the Navy to communicate to |
the House the report of the board of naval officers J
directed some timeHunng the year 1859 to inquire i
into the abuses of the navy-yards; and transmit-
ting copics of the reports made by Commodore
Gregory and others, who were, on the 1st of April, ;
1859, ordered to examine into the condition of the j
navy-yards at Portsmouth, New Hampshire, Bos- :
ton, New York, Philadelphia, Washington, and '
Norfolk; which communication, accompanying
documents, and evidence, on motion of Mr. >
Morse, were referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ortlercd to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the War Department trans-
mitting a transcript of the official Army Register
for the year ending June 30, 1859, showing the -
annual pay of each officer of the Army, the amount
paid him for rations, servants, and forage, and ,
the gross amount paid or allowed him in all re- ;
spects for and on his account, for and during the 1
preceding fiscal year, from the appropriations for :
the support of the Army; which was laid upon ;
the table, and ordered to be printed.
SEVENTH REGIMENT OF NEW YORK. ;
Mr. ADRAIN. Mr. Speaker, X ask the unan- ■
imous consent of the House to offer a preamble
and resolutions, which I hope will be read for in- (
formation. ' :
The SPEAKER. They will be read for in- ,
formation. i
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I would not object j
under ordinary circumstances; but, sir, this is i
private bill day, and a great many reports are !
ready to be made from committees on private j
matters. Besides, this is objection day in Com- j
mittee of the Whole on the Private Calendar. If j
these resolutions are to consume any of the morn- ;
ing hour, I object to them. ,
Mr. ADRAIN. I have aright to have them read, !
for I ihink that they are privileged in their nature.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Not at all.
Mr. ADRAIN. The Speaker has decided that
they should bo read for'information.
Air. STANTON. The pieamble and resolu-
tions cannotbe readexceptbyunanimousconseiu. 1
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that, if
objccuon he made, the preamble and resolutions ,
cannot even be read.
Mr. ADRAIN. I understood the Chair to de- <
cide that the preamble and resolutions must be «
read for information. 1
Thu SPEAKER. The Chair hopes that the ,
preamble and resolutions will b<-  permitted to be
read for information.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. TV resolu-
tion to which these resolutions are an answer was
read, although it was not received.
Mr. ADRAIN. There can be no discussion on
the matter; nor do I ask for any. [Cries ofGo
on !"j it is due to me and to the House that the
preamble and resolutions should be read.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
preamble and resolutions.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, ^interrupting.) I
want to know fiom the gentleman from New.Jer-
sey whether In1 is awiue that the gentleman trom
New* Toik [Mr. CvRrr.Rj is absent.*
Mr. ADRAIN. Is debate in order, Mr. Speaker,
while the fieri; us reading the pieamblennd reso-
lutions ;
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The o-t-ntleman
from New York [Air. Carter] who moved the
previous lesolunon. and to which it is said this is
an answer, is not m his seat; and it is that fact
I have risen to call to the attention of the House.
M:\ ADRAIN. 1 do not propose to discuss the
matter.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The resolutions
refu-rt upon the gentleman from New York, and
U < n:y fail that they should not bo brought up
untn h.' is presi nt. H^ is now absent, culled
from the city by illness m his family.
Mr. ADRAfN. The resolution offered by the
gentleman from New York the other day. and
whu'h reflected upon the committee of which I
am a member, was brought up when I wasuhsent
from the Hall.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I only give
notice that the gentleman from New York is not J
present. j
The Clerk then concluded the reading of the j
preamble and resolution. They are as follows: |
Whereas* a resolution was recently introduced into tins
House by the honorable gentleman from New York, Mr. :
Carter, reflecting on the committee which was appointed J
by this House to make arrangements for the inauguration J
of the equestrian statue of General Washington, wiueh res- *
olution charged them with a want of attention and hospi- |
tality to the Seventh regiment of citizen soldiers of New s
York city, invited by said committee to participate in said j
inauguration; and whereas the said resolution is wholly
untrue, as fully appears from the facts disclosed in the fol- j
lowing letter from Colonel Hickey to Mr. Adkaix, one of j
said committee: [
Washington, February 25, 1860. j
Sir: In answer to your inquiry of this morning, I have \
the honor to state that the field, staff, and company officers !
ot the volunteers ot this District, assembled at the railroad I
depot at four o'clock on the morning of the 22d instant, to I
receive the Seventh New York regiment, having under- j
stood from one of its staff officers, who arrived here the .
evening before, that the regiment was expected to arrive j
at between four and five next morning. j
This duty was performed as well from military courtesy ;
as in obedience to the wishes of the joint committee of Con- •
gresf, who had charged me with Hie duty of leceivirig and :
providing quarters and entertainment for the visiting rail- !
itary. f
We remained awaiting the arrival of the Seventh regi- I
ment for fuur hour< and a holt, or until half pa«t eight, when j
f received a telegraphic dispatch from Baltimote. that it
would not startfiom that city until about nine o'clock, and 1
would not arrive heie for more than two hours thereafter. :
We were then compelled to leave the depot, to assemble :
our own troops at tiie hour appointed in the programme, j
and to receive into line the regular troops and visiting vol- t
unteersfrom other states who had already arrived in Wash- ;
mgton. In leaving the depot, however, a field officer and !
a staff officer were left thcie, with orders to remain until ;
the ariival ot the Seventh regiment, and to conduct it and ,
the Baltimote battalion to the line or to the quarter:- pro- ,
videdfoi them by direction of the joint committee; which
duty those officers faithfully performed—the cars having
arrived about twelve o'clock, and our two officers having i
been eight hours on duty awaiting their arrival. ;
In about half an hour after the arrival of the car*, all the
troops, including the battalion J^at came with the Seventh ]
regiment from Baltimore, were on the ground at the City j
Hall and ready to form the column of escort, except the j
Seventh regiment, and,although tho.-e on the ground were i
suffering from wet and mud, they disclosed no impatience j
whatever in awaiting the maich of the Seventh rcgunent j
into line, which took place about throe hours thereafter; J
and. although cucumstanees seemed to render it doubtful 1
whether the procession would hi favored with the presence
of that regiment, so reluctant were we to move without it,
that patience did not lias. eithei on the paitof the military ,
or that of the a-*embled~ multitude of many thousands of .
our citizens of t>oth sexes. I mention this fact to shovs the ,
univei sal feline of courtesy and regard towards the Seventh '
regiment, and i:i answer to your inquiries |
in comormity wuh the directions of the joint committee .
of Congress, an entertainment for tV Seventh regiment, ,
and the other visiting militcuy from a di-tanc*1, had been
provided I-v the volunteer-, at the Columbian Armor;,. and -
I invited Colonel LeflWn and hi- entire regiment to par-
ticipate in it, in ord"r t > afford the joint committee, who
were expected to be represented there, .'and who were so
represented,) the other visiting troops who were there, and ,
the District volunteeis. an opportunity ot meeting him and
hi5 command m t-ociai intercourse; and I ^in^erely regiet
that the coinpanv at the Armory was not favored with the
presence of himself, and all of hi* officer* and members. :
Several officer-, and many of the rank and file of the Sev-
enth o'ginieiu. did, however, attend and participate in this
enteitamment.
Had the colonel and all of his command been present,
ihe\ would have heard, in the ardent and eloquent lan-
guage of one of iIip joint committee of Congress and also
of the orator of the day. not only a hearty welcome, but
Those united, hatornal. and patriotic sentiments, which the
occasion was intended and well calculated to give utter-
ance to. •
'Vlu< letter i- written in strict conformity with your re- ;
quest, and m answer to your inquiries , but. 1 avail m\ elt
ot the orea-ion to express my sincere regret that any idea
should hi.* enteitained, m any quartet, that any discourtesy
orch-regatd could ha\eheen intended towaids that nopu-
larand well-instructed volunteer organization—the Seventh
regiment
1 bog leave also to saw in justice to myselt. that tae >en-
ate being in session at the time nt the dep'irtuie of me Sev-
enth regiment, mv paramount duty, a- one of it.: officer*,
proeludvd tun personal attention to it on my part: but i
inu-t also *cU\ m justice to our faithful quartermaster, who
had e^coru d'tiiem to then qnarteis, on the part of the joint
eomimrue and of uur military, that he aUo aceompimed
them fiotn those quartei- to the ears.
1 beg leave al-o to su\. further, in justice to our quarter-
ma^ti i*. that his anangenicnts foi tbe quururs and enter-
tainment of tue S< \ euth legun'-iun ere made know n to the
i assistant quart rrniast<*r of that ri giment. who ar iv ed here
i ou the evening <>f the OM instant; and thev wnu around
, togetinu to the quailer5 provided, to v< riU and be assured
1 that e\ erv matter v\a< right, and icporh d t>  me that aa tae
i anangement-- wi'u- -atisiaetoij .
Wuh great re-pfft.sir. vour obcdien? servant
\\ . lift KiA .
Colonel oj Volunteers,
and Senior Oficcr in Column oj Escort-
Hon C B- AniiAtN", Member of the Joint ( oimnittee of Con-
11 m':kcarrangements for i>i<~ dedication oj the lU}\ies-
\ 7ri m Statue of'U'nchinstoi).
And whereas* the said regiment wa.% invited wiuun tue
• rhele or park where the statue wa-i erected, and syt Kept
standing in the streetoutside of said circle or park, without
an opportunity of witnessing the ceremonies which, tools
place at the inauguration, as fully appears from the follow-
ing letter addressed by Mr. Duharael to the Hon. Mr. Keitt,
chairman of said committee:
Washington, D. C., February 25,1860.
Dear Sir ; Allow me to offer my testimony concerning
the attention paid by your committee of the House and
Senate.
After the procession had arrived at the circle, you re-
quested me (as one of the United States marshal's aids) to
invite the colonel and the Seventh regiment witfiui the
inelosure. I delivered your message in the rtame of your
committee. Colonel Lefferts returned his thanks and re-
plied that the regiment were worn out from tbe loss of re-
pose and delay, and they had joined the procession with
the understanding that they were to return immediately to
give them an opportunity to rest.
At the request of Quartermaster Winchester, I attended
professionally to one of the sick of the sixth company.
Whilst in tiiat attendance, J heard the different members
of that sixth company express their-plea ure at the atten-
tion and compliments bestowed on them bj the President
of the United States.
Most respectfulh , vour obedient servant,
Coiond Kextt. ' ' W. J. C. DOHAMBL.
And whereas the said regiment was provided with quar-
ters while in this city, at some of the best hotels in if, to
wit: Brown's hotel, the National, United States, Claren-
don hotel, &c., without having paid a doliarthereior out of
their own pockets; and whereas the chairman of said com-
mittee [Mr. Keitt] did attend at the Columbian Armory in
this city, on the evening ot the 22d instant, where a suinp
tuous entertainment had been provided for said regiment
and the other military companies, for the express purpose of
receiving,welcoming,andthankingthesaid regiment, in the
name ot said committee and of Congress, for their prompt
and patriotic acceptance of the invitation which had been
extended to them, and did make, on that occasion, an elo-
quent and truly patriotic addiess ; and wheieas the whole
ceremonies attending the inauguration of said statue were
delayed for several hours, expressly tor the purpose of en-
abling the said regiment to be present to witness the un vail-
ing oi the statue, and of hearing the able, patriotic, and
finished oration of the distinguished orator of the day, [>Ir.
Bocock:] and whereas an invitation to said regiment was
extended by «aid committee, to be present and join m said
inauguration, in preference to any other military corps of
tbe northern States, on account of their justly celebrated
name as a most popular and wcjl-disciplined regiment,
which was one ofthelughest marks of attention which could
have been paid to them by the committee; and whereas the
said regiment was invited to this city at the suggestion of
the distinguished Senator of South Carolina, [Mr. Ham-
mond,] and warmly seconded by the Hon. Mr Keitt and
by every southern member of said committee, not only as
a high compliment to the said regiment, but wuh the view
of having the military irom the Noith as well as from the
South, Uiat the celebration of Washington's birth-day, and
the dedication ot the statue to bi<- memory, might not par-
take of a sectional character, but be purely national, as he
was the father ot the w hole country ; and whereas the gen-
tlemanly and distinguished commander of said regiment,
Colonel Lefferts. has expressed ins deep regret that any
reflection or censure has been cast on said committee, as
being wholly unjust and unwarranted: Therefore,
Resolved, That the introduction of said resolution by the
gentleman from New York, was an unjustifiable attack
upon the committee in this House, as well as upon the
President and heads of the several Departments of the Gov-
ernment, who were alike censured for a want ot attention
and hospitality to the said regiment* and was introduced—as
is generally believed —by the said gentleman for the purpose
of making a little political capital for himself, although hi9
resolution injuriously reflected upon some of his tellovv-
member^ of this House, and was in direct contradiction of
the real tacts in the case.
&■
Objection being made, they were not received.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BMX.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish to
make a statement to the House.
Mr. STANTON. I call for the regular order
of business, which is the call of committees for
reports on private matters.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. There are
some private bills upon the Speaker's table, which
ought to be referred. "*
Mr. STANTON. I object to everything out
of order.
The SPEAKER. The first question m order
' before the House, is the Indian appropriation bill,
reported yesterday from the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. It is a bill (H.
R. No. 238) making appropriations for fulfilling
; treaty stipulations with the Ponca Indians, and
with certain bands of Indians in the State of Ore-
eon and Territory of Washington, for the year
ending J uiV 30. I860; and the first question is upon
; the following amendment:
The Clerk retd the amendment, as follows:
. Amend the following paragraph by inserting after the
words - plow maker" these wurds, "one carpenter and
joiner shop."* . e
For the erection, at suitalilf points on tilt' reservation, (>.
, one saw im!S. ojie tlourm^ mill, a building suitable tor a
; hospital, two schooi-liouset, oue liiacfcsmsth's shop, one
builitms lor wagon aud plow maki*r, and one dweUins >or
, each, per fourth article treaty 9th June, 1833, $10,WO.
The SPEAKER. The main question has been
