1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
master was obliged to come directly home with
his ship without that complement. They could
not be obtained, and there was no American con-
sul simply to certify the fact. If there had been,
the fine would not have been imposed; and now
this bill only authorizes the Secretary to refund
the fine that was imposed, on the master proving
that f;u f by evidence.
Mr. KING. I am satisfied with the statement.
There are so many cases that need investigation,
that I thought I would call for the reading- of the
report. I withdraw the call.
The bill was reported to the Senate,ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed*.
BENJAMIN E. EDWARDS.
The bill (S. Nn. 240) to confirm the title of
Benjamin E. Edwards to a certain tract of land in
the Territory of New Mexico was read a second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to confirm Benjamin E. Ed-
wards in his title to six hundred and forty acres
of land, situate m the Territory of New Mexico,
being the tract of land located by virtue of a cer-
tificate munbeied four hundred and forty-four, of
the second class, issued by the boiud of land com-
missioners for the county of Bexar, and State of
Texas, to one Andrew Florcs, and dated the 16th
of August, 1847, and the same tract of land for
which a patent was authorized to be issued by
the act of the Legislature of the State of Texas,
entitled "An act to require the Commissioner of
the General Land Office to issue patents for lands
therein named,"approved December 2,1850; and
which is more particularly described m the plat
and field notes accompanying the survey, exe-
cuted by It. S. Howard, deputy surveyor, and
approved of by the district sui v ey or for the district
of Bexar, on the 30th of November, 1349, which
savvey is numbered thirty-eight in section num-
bered fifteen in what was then known as the
BeKar land district for the State of Texas, and
which is now* of record in the office of the com-
missioner of the general land office in the State of
Texas. The Commissioner of the General Land
Office, upon the receipt of the proper plat and
survey, is to cause a patent to be issued to Ben-
jamin E. Edwards for the lands hereby confirmed;
but audi patent is only to be construed into a
relinquishment of title on the part of the United
States, and not to alfuct the right of any third
person.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading-, read the third .
time, and passed.
aiFAULAND & DOWNEY.
The bill (S. No. 241) for the relief of McFar-
land & Downuy was read a second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
authorizes the S< orctary of the Interior to pay to
MeFarland & Downey such portion of their
rlaim for the rent of their house and premises in
Los Angeles. California, occupied by the distiict
court of the Unit! d States, fiom the 27th of Octo-
ber, 1854, to the Oth of August, 185G, as may be
deemed by him just and reasonable.
The bill was leported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed tor a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
SAMUEL V. NXLES.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 92) for the reiief of Samuel V. Niles.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That bill being
objected to, must lie over under the rule.
T. A. M. CllAYEN.
The bill (S. No. 214) for the relief of T. A.
M. Craven was read a second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It directs
the Secretary of the Navy to pay to Lieutenant
T. A. M. Craven, United State's Navy, the same
per diem compensation, while in command of a
United S'ates schooner on an expedition to make
an expl'Jiaiion and verification of a survey made
for a ship ranal near the Isthmus of Daiien, as
was allowed and paid to the officer of the Army
who v. as a.sMoei.aed with him in that expedition.
'Tin: btil was reported to the Senate, ordered to
bo engrossed fur a third reading, read the third
time,and pas-sid.
SWEENY, KITTElftlOUSE, FANT & CO.
The bill (S. No. 245) for the relief of Sweeny,
Rittenliouse, Fant & Co., was read a second
time, and considered asinCommittec of thcWhole.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to refund
to Sweeny, Rittenhouse, Fant & Co., so much of
their preliminarydepositof one per centum, made
with the Trcasuicr of the United States upon their
bid for $3,000,000 of the stock of the United States,
under the advertisement of the Secretary of the
Treasury, dated December 17,1858, on the amount
of stock unissued t  them, being one per centum
on the difference awarded to them of $3,000,000,
and the actual amount of stock issued to them.
Mr. KING. If there is a report, I would like
to hear it road.
Mr. GREEN. I can state the case to the Sen-
ator. Tins is their own money which they have
deposited—nothing else. There can bo no claim
for damages at all; and I hope he will withdraw
his objection, and let it be passed.
^ Mr. KING. What I asked was, that the re-
port be read, that we might get the facts.
Mr. GREEN. I can state them in a few min-
utes.
Mr. KING. These brokers may come in for
speculation.
Mr. GREEN. There is no speculation in this.
This is their own money, put oil deposit. It is
simply to return to them what, under the law, is
'due to them. I hope the Senator will withdraw
his objection, and take my word for it.
Mr. KING. If what the Senator from Mis-
souri states is correct, that this is simply to give
them what they have the right toby law, there is no
necessity for any action here, if they have aright
to it by law. It will not take long to read the
report.
Mr. GREEN. Verv well.
The PRESIDING 'OFFICER. The report
will be read.
The Secretary read the report made by Mr.
Green, from the Committee on the Judiciary,
from which it appears that, on the 17th of De-
cember, 1858, a notice was issued by the Treas-
ury Department, over the signature of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, inviting sealed proposals
for $10,000,000 of the five per cent, stock of the
United Stites, that being the balance of the loan
authorized by the act of Congress approved
June 14, 1858. It was advertised in the notice
that, preliminary to the consideration of any bid
by the Secretary, the bidder would be required
to deposit one per cent, of the amount of his bid
with a depositary of the United States, " subject
to the order of the Secretary of the Treasury."
The memorialist bid for $3,000,000 worth of the
stock, and deposited $30,000, according to the re-
quisitions of the notice of the Department, with a
depositary of the United States, of which the Sec-
retary of the Treasury acknowledged to have re-
ceived the certificate. Their bid for §3,000.000 of
the stock was accepted at their offer of §2 89 per
cent, pieinmm. The memorialists allege a viola-
tion of the contract by the Secretai y of the Treas-
ury, in declining to allow the deposit of the amount
of their bid at San Francisco, according to their
offer, whereby they aver that they have incurred
losses in \arious ways, and have sustained damage
to a large amount. The committee intentionally
refrained from entering upon the discussion of a
question as to consequential damages, as yet un-
liquidated, springing from an alleged violation of
contract by the United States, or any high officer
thereof, the Court of Claims being the proper and
convenient tribunal for the impartial hearing and
adjudication of such a question between the par-
ties, and for the adjustment of the damages. It
seems that the memorialists proceeded to pay in :
their bid, notwithstanding their dispute with the j
Secretary, and that, pi lor to March 15, 1S50, the
' ',.ii . 1 in
of .
anil stock for that sum was issued to them or their
assignees.
They claim that between the loth March and
the 26th September, 1839, they had paid an ad-
ditional sum of §380,000 on the same account,
which had been accepted. The Secretary of the
Treasury expressly acknowledges to have re-
ceived at Washington, of this sum, $280,000, be-
sides premium) on the same, and to have issued
stock accordingly; and his letter of authority to
the depositary at Mobile to accept §100,000 is ex-
hibited, as under date of August 27, 1859. but
the committee were informed that this apparent
discrepancy disappears when itis known that the
correspondent of the memorialists only deposited
$60,000 instead of f100,000, making the gross sttm
(besides premium) paid by them, and for \vhfclt
stockwasissued,$1,890,000. Theremajningsum>
$1,110,000, has since been let by the Secretary to
other parties, and all the stock authorized by. act
of June, 1858, has been taken. The preliminary
deposit made by the memorialists was made in
Treasury notes, bearing interest to the amount of
§10,000, and $2,050 22 specie. Of this amount, it
appears the sum of $12,050 22, principal and inter-
est, remains in the Treasury, " on the conditions
upon which it was originally deposited by the
memorialists." Under the circumstances of the
case, as no forfeiture of the deposit could be made
under the contract, no penalty being declared,and
as the amount docs not appear to have been ab-
sorbed in payment on the bid, and inasmuch as
the remaining stock authorized by the act of Con-
gress has been disposed of to other parties by the
Secretary of the Treasury, the committee con-
cluded that no right exists on the part of the
United States to detain the balance of the prelim-
inary deposit; but that the same, though in the
depository of the United States, together with the
interest which has accrued thereon since the date
of the deposit, should be refunded to the memo-
rialists.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
CONFIRMATION OF LAND TITLES.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (o.
No. 24G) to confirm certain land claims in the
Florida parishes of Louisiana co the city of New
Orleans and others.
Mr. GRIMES. In this bill are involved ques-
tions that have been before the courts, as I under-
stand it, for a long series of years, growing out
of the treaty between this Government and Spain.
I apprehend the Senate is not in a condition to
pass on a question of so vital importance as this,"
and I therefore object to the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection being
made, it liei over under the order of the day.
WETONSAW.
The bill (S. No. 253) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Wetonsaw, son of James Con-
ner, was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It directs that there
be paid to the legal representatives of Wetonsaw,
son of James Conner, the sum of §400, in full of
the amount secured to him in schedule B of the
treaty of January 14, 1837, with the. Saginaw
Chippewa Indians.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
ELIAS YULEE.
The bill (S. No. 255) for the relief of Elias
Yulee, late receiver of public money at Olympia,
Washington Territory, was read a"second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It directs the proper officers of the Treasury to
reexamine the accounts of Elias Yulee, late re-
ceiver of public moneys at Olympia, i.i Wash-
ington Teriitory, for the hire of Jaicd Hurd as
clerk in his office; and to allow the same, if rea-
sonable, to an amount not exceeding $750.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
SCHOOL LANDS IN KANSAS.
The Senate, as in Committee of tlte Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 101) to con-
fa .11 the titles to certain purchasers of school lands
in Kansas Territory. In all cases where lands
which were reserved for the use of schools in the
Territory of Kansas by the thirty-fourth section
of the act providing for the organization of that
Territory, have been entered under the provisions
of an act of the Legislative Assembly of the Ter-
ritory, entitled " An act to grant preemption to
school lands m certain cases," passed at its first
session, and other acts in relation to such lands-,
and patents for them have been issued by the Gov-
ernor of the Territory, such sales are to be deemed
valid, and the titles to the land so sold to be eon-
firmed to the patentees, their heirs, and iegal rep-
resentatives.
