1920
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The Committee on Private Land Claims re-
ported the bill with an amendment, to add the
'blknving proviso:
PraoMed, That'this act shall he construed merely a<s a
qu.t claim of any title nowremaining in the United States
and shall not in any way affect or impair any legal or equi-
table interest vested in any third peisons, or claimed by vir-
tue of auy preemption laws of the. United States.
The amendment wag agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in, and the bill
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time. It
was read the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM K. JENNINGS AND OTHERS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 259) for the relief of William It. Jennings
and others.
Mr. "WILSON. I nsk that that bill may lie
over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill lies
over under the order, objection being interposed
to its present consideration.
IIAYM SALOMON.
Tiir next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 263) for the relief of Haym Salomon.
Mi. HAMLIN. I do not know of any objec-
tion to that bill; but it is of precisely the same
cdass as the one alluded to by the Senator from
Kentucky this morning, and involves a great
prmciple;and as theothershave been passed over,
it seems to me wise to pass this over, and let all
stand together.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection be-
ing interposed to its present consideration, the
bill lies over under the order.
MARY K. GUTHRIE.
The bill (S. No. 2G8) for the relief of Mary K.
Guthrie, widow of Presley N. Guthrie, was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It directs the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place the name of Alary It. Guthrie, widow
, of Presley N. Guthrie, on the pension roll, at the
rate of thirty dollais per month, from the 29th of
December, 1857, to continue during widowhood.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to hear the
report read. Ihis is a proposition to give a pen-
sion of thirty dollars a month to a widow. 1 fre-
quently see eases in which pensions are granted
to widows where wo could not pension the man
mmself. This bill may be all right, but I should
like to hear the report on it.
The Secretary read tiie report, from which it
appears that the husband of the petitioner was
appointed captain ot the eleventh regiment of
infantry on the IGth February, IS^TUjrevetted
major l'for gallant and meritonous conduct in the
battles of Ootitivras and Chcrubusco," August
20, 1847; distinguished and severely wounded in
the battle of El Mohno del Rey; was disbanded
m August, 1848; appointed captain of ninth in-
fantry March 3, 1855; died at Newport, Ken-
tucky, December 29, 1857. The petitioner prays
a pension on the ground that her husband died of
disease contracted while in (lie line of his duty in
the service of the United States, and produces the
evidence^ of George Suckley, late surgeon in the
United States Army, to show that Captain Pres-
ley N. Guthrie was taken ill while in the line of
his duty, from the effects of which he died. In
the latter part of February, 1856, he was ordered
from Fort Steilaeoom, Washington Tenitory, to
proceed into the Indian country. His march was
made through a bard country during a rain storm;
and this exposure induced m Captain Guthrie a
severe cold accompanied by fever, and forty hours
thereafter a. severe and complete paralysis of one
side of his body supervened. The medical officer
was fully persuaded that the exposure to cold and
wet that he had undergone was the proximate
cause of his attack of palsy; and that, in his
opinion, the feebleness of body, caused by the
paralysis, hastened, perhaps induced, the disease
which destroyed his life. William J Barry, an-
other surgeon m the United States Army, testified
that he held daily and hourly intercourse with
Captain Guthrie during the campaign of 1847 and
1848, in the war with Mexico; that his disease
was consumption, and being attacked with pul-
monary hemorrhage, he was ordered home; that
he never doubted Captain Guthrie entered the
Mexican territory in perfect health; and that he
believed that he contracted the disease there in
May 4.
consequence of the exposure which his duty im-
posed.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
3IICAJAII HAWKS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 269) for the relief of Micajah Hawks.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move the indefinite post-
ponement of that bill. Wetiave already passed
a bill which came from the House to meet this
very case, and a bill similar to this was taken up
by the Committee on Pensions, reported favora-
bly, and acted on by the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
JOHN II. WHEELER.
The bill (S. No. 270) for the relief of John H.
Wheeler, was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to John H.
Wheeler, late minister resident of the United
States at Nicaragua, the sum of §5,715 20, m full
for losses by exchange, for property destroyed at
Granada, expenses incurred in taking testimony
at San Juan del Norte, and for relief extended to
distressed American citizens crossing the Isthmus
during the interval between October, 1854, and
October, 1856.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, and it was read
the third time.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for the reading of the
report.
The Secretary read the report, which states
that a party of American citizens, while crossing
the Isthmus, en route from California to New
York, were attacked by the natives at Virgin Bay,
on the Lake of Nicaragua, on the 19th of Octo-
ber, 1855, some of whom were killed, and others
wounded and robbed, while at the same time an-
other party of hostile natives, strongly armed,
were collected at San Carlos, on the other side of
the lake. Thus hemmed in by hostile forces on
both sides, and cutolf from access to cither ocean,
they applied to the memorialist, then minister
resident of the United States at that place, for
protection and relief, winch was promptly afford-
ed, comfortable quarters procured and food sup-
plied them, (two hundred and fifty in number,)
for two days and nights. It further appears that,
under instructions from the Department of State,
dated October 23, 1854, the memorialist was re-
quired to aid Joseph W. Fabcns, Esq., a com-
missioner appointed for that purpose, in collect-
ing information and taking testimony atSan Juan,
(Greytown,) m relation to the conduct of the per-
sons who assumed political control over San Juan
del Norte, and also with regard to the claims
against our Government on account of property
destroyed by the late bombardment of that place
by Captain Hollins, of the United States Navy;
and that in the performance of this service he was
engaged for more than two months away from his
proper residence, and necessarily subjected to
great inconvenience and additional expenses,
amounting to the sum of $273 98.
The memorialist further sots forth, that in the
fall of 1856, by recall from the Department of
State, he returned to the United States, as was
then supposed on a temporary visit. On that
occasion, lie left at the legation personal property
to the value of over two thousand dollars; that
this property was destroyed by the allied forces
of Guatemala, Honduras, San Salvador, Costa
Rica, and a part ot Nicaragua. The memorialist
further represents, that on his departure for Cen-
tral America, he was instructed by the Depart-
ment of State to draw upon London for his sal-
ary and the contingent expenses of the legation,
and for that purpose a credit was opened for him
with Messrs. Baring Brothers; thatonhis arrival
in Nicaragua it was found impracticable to nego-
tiate drafts in London; he had therefore to make
an agent here, who drew on London, and for a
time deposited in New York or Washington;
that in Nicaragua these drafts could only be ne-
gotiated at the reduced value of the currency of the I
country, in which the peso or dollar was worth j
only eighty cents for each real dollar drawn for.
The amount of his drafts, from October, 1854, to
October, 1856, was $14,706, and consequently the
loss incurred by him was §2,941 20. These state-
ments are supported by the testimony filed with !
the memorial, and may be summed up thus: 1.
Reimbursementfor amount expended in die main-
tenance and protection of distressed American
citizens crossing the Isthmus, $500. 2. Amount
of expenses incurred while taking testimony at
San Juan del Norte, |273 98. 3. Yalueof prop-
erty destroyed at Granada, $2,000. 4. Loss m
exchanges, $2,941 20. Total, §5,715 18.
Mr. CLARK. I object to that bill.
The PRESIDING O'FFICER. Objection being
interposed, it lies over, under the order of the day.
JOHN P. BROWN.
The bill (S. No. 271) for the relief of John P.
Brown was read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It directs the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay to John P. Brown,
late principal interpreter of the Turkish language
to the United States legation at Constantinople,
for his services as charge d'affaires of the United
States at that court, from the 11th of April, 1838,
to the 19th of July, 1839, from the 30th cf July,
1852, to the 5th of July, 1853, and from the 19th
of December, 1853, to the 31st of January, 1854,
the sum of $4,674 15, it being the difference be-
tween the salary of a charge d'affaires of the United
States and the amount received by him as princi-
pal interpreter during the three several periods
named.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third leading, read the third
time, and passed.
CHARLES E. ANDERSON.
The bill (S. No. 272) for tlie relief of Charles
E. Anderson was read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Chivies
E. Anderson, late acting charge d'affaires of the
United States at Paris, the sum of $1,657 60, it
being the amount of the difference between the
salary received by him as secretary of legation at
Paris, from the 1st of April to the 29th of Novem-
ber, 1837, and that allowed to a charge d'affaires.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, and read the third
time.
Mr. GRIMES. I object to the passage of the
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection be-
ing made, it lies over, under the order of the day.
■T. E. MARTIN.
The bill (S. No. 273) for the relief of the legal
representatives of J. E. Martin was read a second
time and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
the legal representatives of John Eccles Martin,
late acting- consul of the United States at Lisbon,
for diplomatic services rendered by lnmas charge
d 'affaires at that place from the recall of Mr. Clay,
19th of July, 1850, to the arrival of Mr. Haddock,
his successor, 15th June, 1851, a period of ten
months and twenty-seven days, being one half of
the salary of a charge d'affaires, andtn full for all
such service for the period named, $2,043 12.
Mr. MASON. It seems to nic there is a dis-
crimination made between these claims-—not de-
signed, I am sure—underthe rule or understanding
that has been adopted, that when an objection is
made a bill shall go over. Now, there were two
bills which I reported from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, and after the report was read in
the case of one, and perhaps in the other, an ob-
jection was made. Both of them are cases based
upon the strict precedent of the Senate; and al-
though I do not question the right or duty of the
honorable Senator, in his own judgment, to make
the objection, yet, if it is made in this way, with-
out the objection being stated, it produces a dis-
crimination which I tlank ought not to be made;
and unless it is withdrawn I shall feel it my duty
to move that the Senate adjourn, to avoid this
discrimination.
Mr. GRIMES. I will state to the Senator and
the Senate the reason why I interposed an objec-
tion to the last bill. The first one—the one to
which no objection was made—was to pay the
difference between the salaries of charge and sec-
retary during the years 1857 and 1858. Thi scase
of John P. Brown is a rccent case. The other
case—the one to which I did object-—was to pay
the difference between th*e salaries in the years
1836 and 1837—twenty-four years ago; and not
