976
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2.
Curry, Reuben. Davis, De Jarnette, Gartrell, Hamilton,
Hardeman, Hill,Houston,Humphrey, Jackson, Jones, bar-
rabee, James AT. Leach, Leake, ElberjS. Martin, Maynard,
McOueen, Mcliac, Sydenham Moore, Nocll, Pendleton,
Pugh, ttutfin, Simins, William N\ H. Smith, Btailworth,
Stanton, Thomas, Vance, and Winslow—38,
NAY'S—Messrs. Chaiies F. Adams, Green Adams, Aid-
rich, Allen, Alley, William C. Anderson, Avery, Babbitt,
Barksdale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Boyce, Brayton, Briggs,
Buffinton, Buriingame, Burnett, Burnham, Butterfield.
Campbell, Carey, Case, John B. Clark, Clopton,Cobb, Col-
fax, Conklinw, Corwin, Covode, James Craig, Curtis, H.
Winter Davis, John G. Davis, Dawes, Delano, Dunn, Ed-
mundson, Eliot, Ely, EnsUsh, Ethendge, Farnsworth,
Florence, Foster, Fouke, French,Gilmer,Gooch, Graham,
Grow, Gurley, Hale, Hall, John T. Harris, Hatton, llel-
mick, Hindman, Hoard; liolman, Howard, Hutchins, Ir-
vine, Jenkins, Junkin, Francis W. ICeHogsj, William Kel-
logg, Kilgore, KiHimjer, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Logan,
Love, Lovejoy, Malloiy, Marston, Charles D. Maum, Mc-
Clernand, McPhorson, Miilson. Millward, Mooihead, Ed-
ward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Mo.ris, Mon>u, Nelson, Niblack,
Ni\on, Olin, Peyton, Portor, Potter, Pottle, lleagan, Rey-
nolds, Rice, Rlggs Christopher Robinson. lioyce, Schwartz,
Scott, Sedgwick, Sherman, Singleton, VVilliam Smith,
Somes, Spinner, Stevenson, William Stewart, Stokes,
Stratton, Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins, Train, Trimble,
Underwood, Vallandigham, Vandever, Van Wyck, Vcrree,
Waldron, Walton, Eliihu B. Wa&hhurne, Wells, Wilson,
Windom, Woodruff, and Wnght—129.
So the House refused to luy the bill upon the
table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, when his name
was called on the above vote, stated that he had
paired off with Mr. Bocock.
Mr. STANTON. I move that tho Efouse re-
solve itself into a Committee of the Whole on the
Private Calendar. This is private bill day.
The SPEAKER. The Cnair supposes the mo-
tion is not in order, the main questionhavingbeen
ordered.
Mr. LOVEJOY. With the consent of the
House, as there seems to be some difficulty about
this bill, although it is a very plain case, I will
make a statement.
Mr. BURNETT. Oh, no; let us pass the bill.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Very well.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OYER.
Mr. CLEMENS. I move that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. JONES. I move an amendment to that
motion; that when the House adjourns, it ad-
journ .to meet on Tuesday. My object is to give
the superintendent of the Capitol time to restore
the desks.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the motion to ad-
journ over will not prevail. There is such a press
of business that, if we ever intend to adjourn sine
iie, we ought to work every day. 1 understand
that there are sixteen or twenty gentlemen who
want to make speeches, and to-morrow we can
pass the Indian appropriation bill and get off some
of those speeches, if we cannot do anything else,
f hope, therefore, that we shall not adjourn over.
The question was taken on Mr. Jones's mo-
tion; and it was disagreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Clemens's mo-
tion; upon which the Chair ordered tellers, and
appointed Messrs. Nixon and Thomas.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 90, noes 29
Messrs. PERRY, ELY, and SHERMAN, de-
manded the yeas and nays.
Mr. BURNETT called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Nixon and
Thomas were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
uyes 34, noes 84.
So (one fifth voting in favor thereof) the yeas
and nays wore ordered.
Mr. CLEMENS. I withdraw my motion in
order to save time.
Mr. McRAE. I renew the motion, that when
the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Mon-
day next.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to call the attention
of the gentleman from Mississippi to the fact that
to-morrow we can do business that is not of a
political character at all. We may pass the In-
dian appropriation bill, or call upon committees for :
reports of a private character; and if gentlemen do !
not wish to come here, they can stay away. 1
Mr. McRAE. I do not desire to interfere at '
all with the progress of business; but I do not
think any business ought to be conducted here
without every gentleman being in his place; and
I do not want to be here"to-morrow, and the vote
just taken shows that a majority of the House do
not wish to be here. I insist^ therefore, on the
motion to adjourn till Monday.
Mr. SHERMAN. We shall not be able to
adjourn on the first Monday in June, if we con-
tinue to adjourn over from Friday to Monday. I
demand the yeas and nays on the motion to adjourn
over.
Mr. MspRAE. I will agree with the gentleman
Ho adjourn on the 1st of June, or at the earliest
: practicable day.
j The yeas and nays were ordered.
j The question was taken; and it was decided in
| the affirmative—yeas 91, nays 63; as follows:
i YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adiam, Aldrich, William
| C. Anderson, Avery, Barksdale, Barrett, Bocock, Bouligny,
j Boyce, Brab?on, Branch, Brings, Bristow, Builingamc,
! Burnett, Campbell, John B. Clark, Clemens, Clopton,
' j Conkiing, Corwin, Burton Craige, Curry, Curtis, H. Winter
Davis, John G. Davis, Reuben Davis, De Jarnette, Dunn,
; j English, Florence, Fouke, French, Garnett, Gartrell, Hale,
; Hall, J. Morrison harris, HaskKfi, tlatton,Hindman, flow-
| ard, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, William Kellogg, Jam3s M.
Leach, Logan, Love, Lovejoy, Marston, Charles D. Mar-
tin, Elbert S Martin, Maynard, McKean, McQueen, Me-
Rae, Miles, Miilson, Sydenham Moore, fsaac N. Morris,
Nelson, Niblack, Phelps, Pottle, Pugh, Reagan, Reynolds,
Rice, Christopher Robinson, Ruffin, Schwartz, Scott, Sic-
kles, Simms, Singleton, William Smith, Stevenson. Stout,
Tappan, Taylor, Thayer, Thomas, Underwood, Vance,
.; Vandever, Eliihu B.Washburae, [srael Washburn,Wilson,
11 and Windom—91.
| NAYS—Messrs. Chaiies F. Adams, Alley, Bingham,
.! Blair, Blake, Brayton, Buftinton, Burnham, Butterfield,
jj Carey, Case, Cobb, Colfax, Covode, Dawes, Delano, Eliot,
i1 Ely,Etheridge, Foster, Gooch, Guilcy, Hardeman, John T.
;j Harris, Helimck, Hickman, Hoard, Holman, Houston,
'! Humphrey, Hutchins, Junkin, Francis W. Kello™, Kil-
, i linger, DeWitt C. J>each, Leake, Lee, Loomis, Mallory,
McPheison, Mooihcad, Noel!, Pendleton, Perry, Peyton,
j Porter, lliggs, Royce, Sedgwick, Sherman, Somes, Sptn-
! ner, Stanton, Stokes, Tompkins, Train, Trimble, Van
: W\ck, Veiree, Walton, Well*, Woodiuff, and Wright—63.
: So it was
| Ordered, That when the Mouse adjourns, it adjourn to
! meet an Monday next.
j ROBERT JOHNSON.
j Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Public
I Lands, reported a bill for the relief of Robert
| Johnson; which was read a first and second time,
I referred to a Committee of the Whole House,and,
I with the petition, ordered to be printed,
j EXCUSE FROM SERVICE ON A COMMITTEE.
! ~Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I rise to a privi-
: leged question. I ask to be excused from any
; further service upon the Committee on Roads and
; Canals; and I desire to state, very briefly, the rea-
, sons winch prompt me to make this request. I
| should have made it some time ago, but for the
| solicitations of some gentlemen who had a meas-
1 ure before thatcomraitteo which theydesired acted
- upon before I withdrew from it. That measure
: having been disposed of, it now only remains for
me to carry out the intention I have had from the
■ first, to ask to be excused from serving upon the
\ committee.
One reason, sir, why lask to be excused is, that
| my constituents are not interested and will not
I be interested in any business that may be brought
; before that committee. Another reason why I
■ aslc to be excused is, that the duties of the com-
; mittee are of a mere nominal character and re-
quire no particular attention from any one.
' I desire, sir, in this connection, to say that
j there are committees of this House upon which
; an Illinois Democrat might have been useful to
j his constituents, but no one of us has been placed
| upon any such committee. For instance, I will
, refer to the Committee on the Post Office and
j Post Roads. In the organization of that com-
j mittee, sir, you took two members from the State
: of Indiana—Mr. Colfax, who was appointed
[ chairman, and Mr. English, and placed them
upon it. You passed then over the State of Illi-
nois into the State of Missouri, and took one of
the Representatives of that State and placed him
upon it—giving to those two States three Repre-
sentatives, and to Illinois none.
Now, sir, to show that Illinois has a right to a
voice on that committee, I will present a few facts.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I must call the gentleman
to order. I think it is not m order for him to re-
flect upon the manner in which the committees of
this House have been constituted.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Nobody objected i
when I commenced my remarks; &nd besides, I
am not reflecting on the Speaker; I am only stat-
ing facts. I merely wish to state the reasons
which govern my action.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks there is
no question of privilege connected with the mat-
ter. If the gentleman wishes to be excused from
service on the committee, the Chair will put the
question to the House.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I do not believe that it is
a question of privilege.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I have a right to
state the reasons which govern my course. No
one objected to my doing so when I obtained the
floor; and I certainly must now protest against
any interruption. I call the gentleman from Ohio
to order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
is not in order. Objection is made to the gentle-
man's motion, and it cannot be now made; for
the Chair is of the opinion that it is not in its
nature a question of privilege.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I then ask the unan-
imous^ consent of the House to present certain
statistics.
Mr. DUNN. I object.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I insist that I have
a right to state the reasons why I ask to be ex-
cused from further service on the Committee on
Roads and Canals I understand that it is a priv-
jj ileged question. If I am driven to the necessity,
]! I will, m order that I may get those reasons be-
|i fore the House, take an appeal from the decision
|| of the Chair. I'am not reflecting, nor have I ro-
ll fleeted, upon the motives which governed the
■: Speaker in constituting the several standing com-
!' mittees of the House. I have only stated what has
ii been his action, and drew no inferences from it.
11 Mr.. CAMPBELL. I call the gentleman to
h order.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I desire to state that
Illinois is entitled to a representative, and ought
to have had one, on the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads; but being denied her just
right, out of respect to her I cannot remain upon
the committee wiiere I am. I say this without
intending to censure any one.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in or-
der. The Chair does not consider this as a priv-
ileged question, and he has so decided. Nor is
debate in order, unless by unanimous consent; and
it has been objected to. "fhe Chair would hear
the gentleman from Illinois with a great deal of
pleasure; but when objection is made, the rules
must be enforced.
Mr. SINGLETON. When the gentleman from
Illinois rose, he asked the unanimous consent of
the House for leave to make his motion to be ex-
| cused from further service on the Committee on
| Roads and Canals, and to submit his reasons for
i that motion; and at that time, sir, there was no
j objection. I insist, therefore, that objection comes
! too late at this time.
| The SPEAKER. Objection was made bysev-
| era! members.
- Mr. SINGLETON. But not when the gen-
| tleman took the floor, and stated what was his
| purpose.
| Mr. HUMPHREY. The gentleman rose, he
I said, to a question of privilege; and just so soon
! as it was ascertained what was his purpose, ob-
| jection was made; and the Speaker decided that
* neither a question of privilege nor a privileged
question was involved. I insist that the gentle-
man from Illinois shall preserve order.
Mr. BURNETT. I think that the gentleman
from Illinois is in order. He asks that the House
excuse him from further service upon the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals; and, also, that he
shall have leave to state his reasons for making
that motion, in order that the House may intelli-
gently determine the question. It seems to me
that it is a privileged question.
| Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. When the gentle-
man from Texas [Mr. Reagan] asked to be ex-
, cused from serving on a committee, he proceeded,
i without objection, to state the reasons for his re-
| quest; and that is all I desire to do.
| The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the rule
! bearing on this case.
I The Clerk read as follows:
I "Any member may excuse himself from servin;; oil auv
| committee, at the time of his appointment, if he is then "a
member of two other committees."
