THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C,
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 13, 1860.
New Series.....No. ;
say that there had been $35,000 appropriated in
the deficiency bill for work, of which $20,000 was
for deficiencies.
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir; but if Senators would
look atthebookof estimates, the committee would
be saved the trouble of making these explanations.
The estimate is:
"For surveying the public lands in Oregon, to be dis-
bursed at the "rate* now authorized by law, including the
surveying liabilities i.ieuired by the late surveyor general
during the fiscal year ending Julie 30, 1859, §'35,000."
That is the estimate; and §20,000 of thateomes
under the head of-' surveying liabilities incurred
by the late.surveyor general." That was appro-
priated in the deficiency bill; which leaves the
whole balance to be appropriated this session,
$15,000. That is the amount contained in the
bill. As for the expenses of the office, the Sen-
ator is entirely mistaken;for they are all provided
for under another head.
Mr. HARLAN. What, then, will be the
amount appropriated for the current year in Ore-
gon r
Mr. TOOMBS. Fifteen thousand dollars, be-
sides the expenses of the office, which are not
counted at all in the item for surveying the lands.
Mr. HARLAN. Then it would enable the sur-
veyor general of Oregon to survey about fifteen
townships. If that is all that Congress intends
to have surveyed in Oregon during the coming
year, I shall say nothing about it; but it seems to
me it would be much better to suspend the surveys
entirely for a time, and then make an appropri-
ation which would justify these large contingent
expenses.
Mr. LANE. I hope the Senate will agree to
this amendment, for it is necessary for the public
good; it is necessary for the good of Oregon, and
for the Government itself. There is no similar
amount of money that you can possibly invest
-which will render a larger percentage to the Treas-
ury. Why prevent the surveys of these lands?
You see, by the statement of the Senator from
Georgia, that last year $20,000 was appropriated
for surveys, and the contracts made by ti-e late
surveyor general exceeded the appropriation
$20,000. It took, then, $20,000 of the estimates
of this year to pay the contracts for surveying
last year. Then, the surveying last year cost
$40,000. Now, we are to have only $15,000 for
the next year. It must be manifest to the Senate,
as it is to the Department and-to the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, that this appro-
priation ought to be increased. I hope the amend-
ment will be adopted.
Mr. DAVIS. I had long hoped that we should
change the whole method of surveys for the Pa-
cific coast. When this was first commenced in
relation to California, I then argued it to the Sen-
ate that we should adopt the geodetic method, it
is applicable peculiarly to that country. They
have small valleys of land capable of settlement,
divided by mountainous regions which are not fit
for cultivation. Upon the present mode of sur-
veying, the surveyors are compelled to travel over
this waste to get at the small valleys which are
fit for agriculture. Upon a different method, the
sum appropriated no doubt would survey all the
lands which will be settled for years to come; but
if they have to fill up, going gradually on from
the last surveys to where they may find the next
land fit for cultivation, you accumulate expendi-
ture, and accumulate it uselessly. I do not know
whether we may expect any revision. The legis-
lation of the period of which T speak was such as
to refer the que'stion to the Secretary of the Inte-
' rior. Our whole land system proceeds upon the
basis that we live on a plane, and not on aglobe;
and, as we adhere to the old system, it becomes
more and more palpably wrong as we ascend to
higher latitudes and in mountain districts. An-
other method, that known as the geodetic method,
is so particularly applicable to that country, and
so exclusively suited to it, that I hope still wc
shall retrace our steps and adopt a method by
which the surveys may be conducted rapidly ^use-
fully, and economically. This is not the method.
180
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from Mississippi
recollects very well, no doubt, that when this sub-
ject originally came up, ten years ago, my then
colleague (Colonel Fremont) and myself both fa-
vored the plan he speaks of; but it was referred
to the decision of the Secretary of the Interior,
and has resulted in surveying large quantities of
land in California that will probably be useless for
years. If the geodetic system could be estab-
lished, we could select those points where lands
were immediately to come into market to be sur-
veyed. Whether the system will be continued
or not, I cannot say. Certainly in California,
where there is the most pressing necessity for the
survey of the publiclands, they could not be sur-
veyed very rapidly heretofore, owing to the un-
settled state of the private land claims. Now,
$20,000 additional will do more good to the actual
settlers than $500,OOOhitherto,because theycould
not survey a settlement where the lands were cov-
ered by private land claims. I do not know how
it is in our ad joining State of Oregon; but I should
suppose §15,000 would do no good in surveying
the public lands in that extensive State.
Mr. LATHAM called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 16, nays 20; as follows:
VEAS—Messrs. Bigler, Bingham, Bright, Green, Gwin,
Harlan, Ivcrson, Johnson of Arkansas, Kennedy, Lane,
Latham, Polk, Powell, Simmons, Trumbull, and Wade—
16.
NAYS—Messrs.. Bragg, Brown, Clingman, Crittenden,
Davis, Dixon, Fos^enden, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Foster,
Grimes, Ilamlin, Hammond, Hunter, Johnson of Tennes-
see, King, Pearce, SiiuIsbury,Ten Eyck,and Toombs—20.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. LANE. I have one more amendment to
offer from the Committee on Public Lands. It is
in line two hundred and fifty-nine, to increase the
appropriation for surveying the public lands in
Washington Territory from §15,000 to $25,000.
This is estimated for by a letter, which I hold in
my hand, subsequent to the figures which the Sen-
ator from Georgia has been looking at. This is to
provide for surveying lands in our young daughter
Territory of Washington. There settlements,
as well as in Oregon, are progressing east of the
mountains up the Columbia river and the Walla
Walla, and portions of the country are not sur-
veyed, and open to settlement; but if surveyed, as
I stated before, the settlers will at once pay for
their lands. I think they ought to have an oppor-
tunity of doing so. Besides, there are the Hud-
son 's Bay Company claims in Washington which
ought to be surveyed. The necessity of survey-
ing- the public lands in Washington Territory for
the purpose of settlement will make the sum that
I now propose necessary, and I hope the Senate
will pass it.
Mr. TOOMBS. The estimate for this item was
$25,000, which, I believe, is the sum the Senator
now proposes to restore. The House of Repre-
sentatives, for some reason or other—I suppose
taking into consideration the present condition of
the Territory, and the probable means of this ser-
vice—reduced the appropriation from $25,000 to
$15,000. The sum expended last year was $20,000;
and the estimates for this year are §25,000. The
House reduced it to $15,000; and as the Commit-
tee on Finance saw no necessity for interfering
with this attempt of the House of Representatives
to reduce this branch of the public expenditures,
they did not choose to restore it. This is the only
information the Committee on Finance can give.
The amendment was rejected—ayes twelve, noes
not counted.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 1 wisli to offer
an amendment from the Committee to Audit and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
I1 It is oil page 4, after line eighty-four to insert:
!| For the contingent expenses of tiie Senate, to wit: tor
I fixtures for "as and furniture for the committee, office,
II and other rooms in tile norm wing of the Cap.tol. as directed
' hv the resolution of the Senate of the 30tii of March. IKfiO,
<>19 400; ro be expended under the direction of the Com-
mutee to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope that will be explained.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I will simply
state that the committee proceeded, in complianee
with a resolution passed by the Seriate, toascer-
tain whtit would be the expense of procuring fur-
niture and gas fixtures for the various committee-,
rooms and office-rooms of the Senate wing of the
Capitol. The committee have ascertained what
the articles can be bad for, and they can be had
from thirty to forty-five per cent, cheaper than
the prices paid at the other end of the Capitol.
No contract is to be made until it is ascertained
what the cost will be. It is discretionary with the
Senate whether they make the appropriation or
not. Many of the committees have applied; for
these things, but before we took any steps we •.de-
termined to ascertain the expense, and I think all
the articles that we shall want to purchase call b 
obtained for a less amount than is now proposed
to be appropriated. If so, what is not wanted
will be left in the Treasury.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I wish to caH
the attention of the committee who reported this
bill to one clause of it that, I think, may possibly
have escaped their attention. I do not believe,
when the committee read the clause, they can be
disposed to retain it in the way it has been'
framed. I think it may be regarded as almbst a
reflection on one of the Departments; which, I
presume, the committee would not wish to incor-
porate amongst the laws of the land. The clauso
to which I allude is this:
For the completion of the Washington aqueduct, accord-
ing: to the plan and estimates of Captain Meigs, $500,000:
Provided, That the office ol engineer of the Potomac Water
woiks is herebv abolished, and its duties shall be hereafter
discharged by the chief engineer of the Washington aque-
duct, who shall be, as hei etofore, an officer of the corps of
engineers, not below the rank of captain, and having ex-
perience in the design aud construction of bridges and aque-
ducts.
There is a great deal of circumlocution there.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will call the attention of my
friend from Arkansas to the fact that that amend-
ment has been adopted, and it was put in upon
very full consideration. If he wishes to oppose
it, he can do so in the Senate; but it is not now
open to be again reviewed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
was about to remark to the Senator from Arkan-
sas, that when the bill shall be reported to the
Senate from the Committee of the Whole, that
amendment can be excepted, and a separate ques-
tion taken upon it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I was notaware
that it was an amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is an amendment of the Com-
mittee on Finance, and it has been passed upon.,
Mr. GREEN. I renew the amendment which
I withdrew temporarily a sho'rttime ago:
For the purpose of paying existing liabilities, and to fin-
ish the maps and calculations of the survey of the Atrato
route of the interoceanie canal, $6,500.
I stated to the Senate before that I was satisfied
the Secretary of War had recommended this ap-
propriation. I find here in his report that which
amounts to a recommendation. In the first place,
the colonel of the corps of topographical engineers
uses the following language:
" I would respectfully nmte your attention to the report
of Lieutenant Micliler, who, under assignment of the War
Department, was engaged upon the survey of an inter-
oceamc ship canal near tiie Isthmus of Darien, via the At-
rato and Tiuandt rivers. ' '
u Since his leturn from the scene of his field operations,
considerable piogress was made in the reduction of obser-
vation^,and pieparmgthe maps, until the want of means
compelled liiin to suspend progress, and discharge the com-
outers and draughtsmen. , , T .
"The valuable information procured by Lieutenant
Micliler should not be left in its unfinished condition in the
aichivcs of the bureau; but sueh will be the case, unless
Congress will grant the aid of a small appropriation, for
which Lieutenant Micliler presents an estimate ot $6,500,
which includes the amount already due his assistants, and
that required to complete the rcpoit and maps, which may
be laid before Congress at an early day.
•{ The estimate is approved by the bureau, and your recom-
mendation to Congie&s for the passage of the appropriation
is respectfully urged."
That is signed-by " J. J. Abert, colonel corps
topographical engineers," and addressed to the
