978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
atives of Lieutenant Thomas Williams; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the "Whole House, and the bill and
report ordered to be printed.
CAPTAIN PIERRE AYOTT'S REPRESENTATIVES.
Mr. PERRY, from the same committee, also
reported a bill for the relief of the legal represent-
atives of Captain Pierre Ayott; which was read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the report, ordered
to be printed.
NEHEMIAH STOKELEY'S HEIRS.
Mr. FERRY, from the game committee, also
imported a bill for the relief of the heirs of Nehe-
miah Stokeley, a revolutionary officer; which was
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the report,
ordered to be printed.
JOSEPH-TEAVEESIE'S HEIRS.
Mr. FERRY, from the same committee, also
reported a bill for the relief of the heirs of Joseph
Traversie, a captain in the revolutionary war;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the report, ordered to be printed. -
JOSEPH JEWETT'S CHILDREN.
Mr. FERRY, from the same committee, also
reported a bill for the relief of the orphan children
of Joseph Jewett, a revolutionary officer who was
slain in battle; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
CHARLES OLIVER DUCLOSEL.
Mr. NOELL, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
Charles Oliver Duclosel, of the parish of St. Mar-
tin's, Louisiana; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the report, ordered to be
printed.
N. K. DOEBLER.
Mr. AVERY, from the same committee,,re-
ported back a bill (H. R."No. 85) for the relief
of N. K. Doebler; which was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the report,
ordered to be printed.
VALLEltT LANDRY.
Mr. AVERY, from the same committee, also
reported a bill for the relief of Vallery Landry;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the report, ordered to be printed.
FRANCOIS GUILLORY'S REPRESENTATIVES.
Mr. BOULIGNY, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of the legal represent-
atives of Franfois Guillory; which was read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, anit; with the report, ordered
to be printed.
BRADFORD & COMPANY.
JI)\ ETHERIDGE. I am instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to report back to
the House the memorial of Bradford & Co. I ask
that the committee be discharged from all further
consideration of the memorial, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs, to
which it is believed it appropriately belongs.
It was so ordered.
INDIAN SUPERINTENDENTS AND AGENTS.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I am also instructed by
the Committfie on Indian Affairs to report back
to the House a bill (H. R. No. 181) to provide
for a superintendent of Indian affairs for Wash-
ington Territory, and additional Indian agents.
Mr. STANTON. That is not a private bill.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. 1 know it is not; but I
only want to let the bill be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STANTON. Very well.
The bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
W. Y. IIANSELL AND OTHERS.
Mr. ETHERIDGE, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, reported back a bill (H. R. No.
224) for the relief of W. Y. Hansell, the heirs of
W. H. Underwood, and the representatives of
Samuel Rockwell; which was referred to a Com-
mitte of the Whole House, and, with the report,
ordered to be printed.^
JOHN JOHNSTON.
Mr. ETHERIDGE, from the same committee,
also reported a bill for the relief of John John-
ston, of Ohio; which was read a first and second
time, referred toa Committee of the Whole House,
and; with the report, ordered to be printed.
- INDIANS ON THE RESERVATIONS.
JVIr. ETHERIDGE. I am also directed to re-
port back a memorial relative to appropriating
money for the transport and settling of the Indian
tribes on the reservation east of the Cascade mount-
ains; and I ask that it be referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, which has the sub-
ject under consideration, as I am informed.
It was so ordered.
CLERK TO COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. SCOTT. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs to offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved., That the Committee on Indian Affairs be al-
lowed a clerk, and be authorized to employ the same, at a
compensation of four dollars per day, while actually em-
ployed.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object
to the introduction of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
resolution is in order.
The question was taken; and the resolution
was adopted.
Mr. SCOTT moved to rcconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted, and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
CHARLES STILLMAN.
Mr. STANTON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Charles
Stillman; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
PETER D. ANCONY.
Mr. STANTON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to report back the peti-
tion of Peter D. Ancony, and to ask that it be
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
where it properly belongs.
It was so ordered.
REPELLING INVASION OF OSAGE INDIANS.
Mr. EUFFINTON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill to pay to the State
of Missouri the amount expended by said State
in repelling the invasion of the Osage Indians;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the report, ordered to be printed.
FREDERICK STEPHENS.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the same committee,
also reported a bill for the relief of Frederick Ste-
phens; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the report, ordered to be printed.
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. CURTIS. I am directed by the Committee
on Military Affairs to report back a bill (H. R. No.
14) to secure the construction of a central Pacific
railroad; and to ask thatit be printed, and referred
back to the committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that the call
of committees now is for private business.
The SPEAKER. That is so.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I object to any other
but private business being reported.
M.r. CURTIS. I merely ask that the bill be
printed, and referred back to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The SPEAKER. Is there" any objection to that?
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes; I object.
The SPEAKER. Then the report cannot bo
made.
Mr. McRAE, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported the followingresolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
requested to furnish the House of Representatives with tiie
memoir of the Mississippi- sound, on the Mexican Guif
coast, with the maps and charts of the game as taken by
the Coast Survey; also; to furnish the House with a state-
ment of the amounts ol money at any time heretofore ap-
propriated by Congress for the naval and military defenses
on the Gulf coast of Mississippi.
PACIFIC RAILROAD AND TELEGRAPH.
Mr. McRAE. I ask leave to report back from
the Committee on Military Affairs a bill to estab-
lish a communication, by railroad and telegraph,
between the Atlantic States and California, and
for other purposes.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to that.
Mr. McRAE. I shall not insist upon it. I
knew that it was out of order; but I thought that
the House woufd consent to have the bill printed
and referred.
DANIEL WRIGHT ANlf"OTHERS.
Mr. OLIN, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, made an adverse i-eport on the petition of
Daniel Wright and others, for the abrogation of a
contract for the construction of a military road;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed. *
B0RKE AND WINDER.
Mr. PENDLETON, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Brevet Lieutenant
Colonel Martin Burke and Captain Charles S.
Winder; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,"
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to
be printed.
CORRESPONDENCE OF GENERAL HARNEY.
Mr. PENDLETON, from the same committee,
also reported back the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and-agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
communicate to the House the official correspondence of
Brigadier General W. S. Harney, in command of the de-
partment of Oregon, lelating to the alfairs of that depart-
ment.
JOSEPH B. EATON.
Mr. PENDLETON, from th^same committee,
also made an adverse report on the petition of
Joseph B. Eaton; which was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
FRANCIS MEANS AND OTHERS.
On motion of Mr. PENDLETON, the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs was discharged from
the further consideration of the petitions of Fran-
cis Means and others, of Oregon; and the same
were referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
CORRESPONDENCE OF GENERAL SCOTT.
On motion of Mr. PENDLETON, the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs was discharged from
the further consideration of a resolution calling
for the official correspondence of Lieutenant Gen-
eral Seott and Brigadier General Harney, in ref-
erence to the Island of San Juan.
Mr. LEAKE moved "that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. CURTIS. I rise to a privileged question.
I ask the indulgence of the House for a moment,
to explain ah unjust imputation cast on me in re-
gard to a resolution which I presented on "Wed-
nesday. I ask for the reading of a small para-
graph from the Constitution of to-day, which I
send to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. BURNETT. I would willingly indulge
the gentleman from Iowa; but the point was made
upon the other side of the House the other day,
that a privileged question could not grow out of
a newspaper article. I insist upon the enforce-
ment of the rule then adopted.
Mr. CURTIS. Will the gentleman allow me
to make a statement, without the reading of the
paper ? I can present the facts in a few moments.
Mr. BURNETT. I have no objection to the
gentleman's making a personal explanation, if it
] is understood that the privilege is to be general;
i but it was refused the other day to a gentleman
upon this side who wished to make a personal
explanation.
The SPEAKER. The objection is a good one,
if insisted on. The gentleman from Iowa can
only proceed by unanimous consent.
Mr. CURTIS. I am sure the gentleman from
Kentucky will not object to a moment's expla-
nation which will remove an unjust imputation as
to my having attempted to violate an agreement
made by the two parties in this Hall.
