1922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
committees for reports, commencing with the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
JOHN WHITE.
Mr. DELANO, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, made an adverse report upon
the petition of the surviving children of John
White; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
STEPHEN DAMON.
Mr. DELANO also, from the same committee,
made an adverse report upon the petition of the
heirs of Stephen Damon; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
JOIIN THOMAS.
Mr. DELANO also, from the same committee,
made an adverse report upon the petition of the
children of John Thomas, late of Georgia; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM CBOSMAN'S HEIRS.
Mr. DELANO also, from the same committee,
made an adverse report upon the petition of the
heirs of William Crosman; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
ELIZABETH BLISS WOLF.
Mr. DELANO also, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Mrs. Elizabeth
filiss Wolf; which was read a iirst and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed. .
PENSIONS TO CERTAIN OFFICERS, ETC.
Mr. DELANO also, from the same committee,
reported a bill authorizing the pensions to which
certain officers and soldiers of the Revolution
were entitled, at the time of their death, to be paid
to their widows or to their children; which was
read a first and se'eond time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the accom-
panying report, oideied to be punted.
HALF PAY, ETC.
Mr. DELANO also, from the samo committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, joint resolution H. H. No. 14, explanatory
of an act entitled "An act giving a construction
to the second section of the act of February 3,
1853, to continue half pay to certain widows and
orphans." ,
Mr. DELANO. I ask that the resolution be
put upon its passage.
Mr. HOUSTON. This is objection day, and
I object to putting the resolution on its passage.
1 move that it be referred to a Committee of the
Whole House.
The motion was agreed to; and tho resolution
was accordingly referred to a Committee of the
"Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered, to be printed.
MAIIY BIRD.
Mr. VERREE, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, made an adverse report upon
the petition of Mary Bird, daughter of Colonel
William Baxter; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
JONATHAN "WILLED.
Mr. TIIOMAS, fiom the same committee,
made an adverse report upon the petition of Jon-
athan Wiliard, for a pension; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
GEORGE DEAR3IAN.
Mr. THOMAS also, from the.same committee,
made an adverse report upon the petition of the
heirs of George Dearman; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
SIIAWNEE INDIANS.
Mr. TOMPKINS. T ask the consent of the
House to take from the table House bill No. 368,
returned from the Senate with amendments, m
order that the House may concur in the Senate
amendments. It is a bill to provide payment for
depredations committed by the whites upon the
Shawnee Indians in Kansas Territory. One of
the amendments stipulates that the claims shall be
f roved to the satisfaction of the Secretary of the
nterior. The bill provides that the claims shall
bepaid;and the amendment is, that such sum shall
be paid as may be proved to the satisfaction of
the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that the amend-
ment is simply restrictive in its character as to the
allowance to be made. It is probably a wholesome
amendment.
Mr. TOMPKINS. That is all. It is a whole-
some amendment, and I trust that the House will
concur in it.
Mr. HOUSTON. As that is the case, I do not
object to it.
Mr. TOMPKINS. The bill passed this House
without opposition.
The SPEAKER. The bill has not been re-
turned yet from the Senate.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. The gentleman from Ohio
is, I doubt not, laboring under a misapprehension.
The bill passed the Senate with an amendment,
and the Committee on Military Affairs, under-
standing the bill to be on the Speaker's table,
agreed this morning to recommend a concurrence
in the amendment. Very possibly, however, the
bill has not been sent back from the Senate.
The SPEAKER. That is so. The bill has
not been returned from the Senate.
Mr. TOMPKINS. I understood it was on
the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not before the
House; so that there can be no action taken on it
at present.
RANDALL PEGG.
Mr. NIBLACK, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, reported back, with a recommendation that
it do pass, a bill (S. No. 15-1) for the relief of
Randall Pegg; which was referred to a Commit-
tee of the Whole House, and, with the accompa-
nying report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. NIBLACK. It is a very small matter;
and if I have the consent of the House, I will ask
to have tho bill put upon its passage.
Mr. BUFFINTON. Oh, no; I object.
Mr. NIBLACK. Well, let it go.
WILLIS RXDDICK.
Mr. MILLSON. Some weeks ago there were
a number of adverse reports from the Court of
Claims ordered to be laid on the table. Among
them was one in the case of the heirs of Willis
Riddiek, I understand that the report from the
Court of Claims was on a mere technical ground,
and I should like to have the case examined by
a committee of the House.
The case was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
JOHN II. NOURSE AND OTHERS.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, a bill (S. No. 177) for the relief of John R.
Noursc and others; which was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
MOSES MEEKER.
Mr. WALTON, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, a bill (H. R. No. 341) for the relief of Moses
Meeker; which was leferred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
DAVID G. BATES'S REPRESENTATIVES.
Mr. WALTON, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, a bill (II. R. No. 115) for the relief of the
legal representatives of David G. Bates; which
was referred to a Committee of tiro Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to
be printed.
SLOOP ARTIST.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Commerce,
made an adverse report on the petition of the
owncis of the sloop Aitist, asking for a change
of name; which was laid on the tabic, and ordered
to bo printed.
WASHINGTON MARKET-IIOUSE.
Mr. CARTER. I ask leave to report from
the committee of conference appointed by both
Houses on tho bill authorizing the corporation of
Washington city to make a loan, and issue stock
for $200,000, for building a market-house.
The SPEAKER. The report is a matter of
privilege.
The report was read. It rccoramend.i that the
first, second, third, fourth, sixth, and seventh
amendments of the Senate to the amendments of
the House be concurred in by the House; that
the Senate recede from their fifth amendment to the
amendment of the House; and that both Houses
concur in the following amendment, to be inserted
at the end of section one:
Provided, That the powers herein granted shall not be
exorcised by said corporation until after the second Monday
in June next j and that this act shall, immediately on its
passage, be published by said corporation in at lea^t two
newspapers, published in the city of Washington, and be
continued till after the corporation election in baid city in
June next.
The report of the conference committee was
agreed to.
STEAMBOAT ANTELOPE.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported a bill to change the name of
the steamboat Antelope to Ajax; which was read
a first and second time.
Mr. MALLORY. This is simply a bill to
changc the name of a boat. It is a matter of no
public concern, and I hope no objection will be
made to having it put upon its passage.
There being no objection, the bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. MALLORY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
Mr. FERRY, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill to repeal certain
acts of limitation with reference to revolutionary
claims; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
ROBERT STOCKTON.
Mr. VANCE, from the same committee, re-,
ported a joint resolution directing the accounting
officers of the Treasury to settle the accounts of
the late Robert Stockton, quartermaster, &c.;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
THOMAS HAZARD, DECEASED.
Mr. VANCE also, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the iclicf of the h«irsof Captain
Thomas Hazard, deceased; which was read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
LIEUTENANT GEORGE WALTON.
Mr. VANCE also, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of the heirs of Lieu-
tenant George Walton; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
CAPTAIN ANDREW RUSSELL.
Mr. VANCE also, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of the heirs of Captain
Andrew Russell; which wasreadafirst and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed. • * *
CAPTAIN RICHARD JONES.
Mr. VANCE also, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of the grandchildren
of Captain Richard Jones, an officer in the Revo-
lution; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
JAMES BJSLL, DECEASED.
Mr. VA1NCE also, from the same committee,
reported back Senate bill No. 195, for the relief of
the legal representatives of James Bell, deceased,
with the recommendation that it do pass; which
was referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
