1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1923
COLONEL WILLIAM THOMPSON.
Mr. VANCE also, from the same committee,
reported back Senate bill No. 18S, for the relief of
the surviving grandchildren of Colonel William
Thompson, of the revolutionary army of South
Carolina, with the recommendation that it do
pass; which was referred t.o a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
JAMES DILLARD.
Mr. HOLM AN, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petition of the ex-
ecutors of James Dillard; which was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
ALBERT ELFli.
Mr. ROBINSON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill for the relief of Albert
Elf.:: which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to a Gommittoe of the Whole House, and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
MADISON SWEETZER.
Mr. ETHER1DGE. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to report back Sepate bill
No. 150, for the relief of Madison Sweetzer, with
the recommendation that it do pass. The bill pro-
vides that there shall be paid to Mr. Sweetzer the
sum of $1,100 97, the balance of his accounts
against certain Sioux Indians for necessary sup-
Elies furnished them. The accounts are verified
y Governor Gorman and the Indian Agent Mur-
phy. The money is not to be drawn from the
Treasury, but is to be taken from the annuities to
be paid to those Indians for the year commencing
1st of July next. I ask that the bill be now passed,
in justice to a private citizen.
There was no objection.
The bill was ordered to be read a-third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. ETHERIDGE moved that the vote by
which the bill was passed be reconsidered; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RICHARD C. MARTIN.
Mr. ETHERIDGE, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, also reported a bill for the relief
of Richard C. Martin; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
A. M. FRIDLF.Y.
Mr. ALDR1CH, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, Senate resolution No. 28, for the relief of
A. M. Fridley, late agent for the Winnebago In-
dians: which was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
It. F. BLOCKER AND OTHERS.
Mr. STANTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to report back Senate
bill No. 114, for the relief of R. F. Blocker, E. J.
Gurlcy, and J. F. Davis, and to move that it be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. It
concerns fees for lawyers, with which the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs have nothing; to do.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not see why that bill
should go to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. STANTON. ThesaJawyers claim to have
performed certain service for the Government
down in the South,and tlicy ask for their fees.
It is a subject which belongs to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman is a lawyer,
and knows wliat ought to be paid as well as any
gentleman on the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ST ANTON. The Committee on Military
Affairs are presumed to know nothing on the sub-
ject.
The motion was agreed to.
ANT01NE ROBIDEAUX.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
Antoine Robideaux; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
ELIZABETH SMITH.
Mr. BUFFINTON also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, a bill (H. R. No. 337) for the re-
lief of Elizabeth Smith, of Coffee county, Ten-
nessee; which was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
JAMES MONROE.
Mr. BUFFINTON also, from the same com-
mittee, made an adverse report upon the petition
of James Monroe; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
JAMES W. BRENT.
Mr. BUFFINTON also, from the same com-
mittee, made an adverse report upon the petition
of James W. Brent; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
MASON RATTEY.
Mr. BUFFINTON also, from the same com-
mittee, made an adverse report upon the petition
of Mason Rattey, which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
JACOB WARNER.
Mr. BUFFINTON also, from the same com-
mittee, made an adverse report upon the petition
of Jacob Warner; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
HARRIET B. HOWE.
Mr. LONGNECKER, from the same commit-
tee, made an adverse report upon the petition of
Harriet B. Howe; which was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
SAMUEL F. HARRISON.
Mr. LONGNECKER also, from the same com-
mittee, made an adverse report upon the petition
of Samuel F. Harrison; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
A. M. MITCHELL.
Mr.LONGNECKERalso, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, an act (S. No. 119) for the relief
of A. M. Mitchell, late colonel of the Ohio vol-
unteers, m the Mexican war.
Mr. LONGNECKER. I ask that that bill
may be put upon its passage.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secretary
of War to pay to A. M. Mitchell, colonel of the
first regiment of Ohio volunteers, in the late war
with Mexico, whatever amount may be ascer-
tained to be due to him for transportation from
Monterey to Cincinnati and from Cincinnati to
Monterey, in 1846, the trip not having been per-
formed under order, but by leave granted in con-
s.?qucnce of temporary disability because of
wounds received in action on the 21st of Septem-
ber, 1846.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I wish to suggest
to the gentleman the introduction of the words
"if any." The bill assumes that transportation
is due Mitchell. We have an important bill be-
fore our committee which turns upon the adop-
tion of such an idea by this House upon a former
occasion.
Mr. LONGNECKER. The bill we have re-
ported back is a Senate bill, and it cannot be
passed now if we' amend it. If gentlemen un-
derstood this case they would make no objection
to the bill. Colonel Mitchell fell, badly wounded,
at Monterey, aini  obtained leave of absence for
sixty days;jjut, in consequence of the wounds, -he
forgot to get a formal order to go home, and
thereby forfeited his transportation pay, which
the other officers who went with him received.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LONGNECKER moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JAMES S. DOOGLASS.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton, a clerk in the office of the Secretary
of the Senate, informing the House that the Sen-
ate had passed an act (No. 420) to authorize
the issuance of patents, in the name of James S.
Douglass, upon certain" land? entries "made at
Chockchuma, Mississippi; in which he was di-
rected to ask the concurrence of the House.
Mr. SINGLETON. 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up the bill just brought
in from the Senate, and put it upon its passage.
The bill simply authorizes the issuance of pattnts-
to the parties entitled to them, after an examina-
tion made by the Secretary of the Interior and the
Commissioner of the General Land Office. The
certificates were issued in the name of the proper
person; but, in the issuance of the patents, they
failed to follow the certificates, as the letter of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, and of
the Secretary of the Interior, will show. The
patents were sent to Mississippi, but nobody ap-
plied for them; and the party comes here and asks
that the patents may be issued to him.-
The bill, which was read, directs the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office to cancel the
patents heretofore issued to James S. Coleman,
upon land entries Nos. 3148, 3149, 3150, 3151,
3152, and 3153, made on the 31st March, 1835,,
in the former Chockchuma land district, Mis-
sissippi, and to issue patents for the lands em-
braced by said entries, to James S. Douglass,
senior, in whose name said entries ought to have
been made upon the record by the land officers at
Chockchuma.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to present to the gen-
tleman from"Mississippi, for his consideration,
the question as to the propriety of this action at
this time. What right have we to legislate the
title out of Coleman? Is he living?
Mr. SINGLETON. I did not think it neces-
sary to make any further explanation. I will say
to the gentleman that these patents lay in the
office ten or twelve years. The proof is before the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, show-
ing that no such man as James S. Coleman ever
lived in the county where the papers purported
that he did live. Publication has been made in
the newspapers, and everything has been done
which the law requires. The error is clearly a
clerical mistake, and therefore I presume gentle-
men will make no objection.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. SINGLETON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed.and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OHIO VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. CURTIS, from the Committee sn Military
Affairs, reported a joint resolution providing for
the payment of two companies of Ohio volunteers
raised during the late war with Mexico; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM GATES.
Mr. CURTIS also, from the same committee,
reported a bill authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to settle the accounts of Colonel Wil-
liam Gates; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered U be
printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton, a clerk in the office of the Secretary
of the Senate, informing the House that the Sen-
ate had passed a joint resolution (No. 5) for sup-
plying the Choctaw, Cherokee, and Chickasaw
nations with such copies of the laws, Journals, and
public printed documents as are furnished to the
States and Territories; and a joint resolution
(No. 34) in relation to the works of the exploring
expedition; in which resolutions he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate had passed, with amend-
ments, the bill (H. R. No. 368) to provide pay-
ment for depredations committed by the whites
upon the Shawnee Indians in Kansas Territory.
DEPREDATIONS ON SHAWNEE INDIANS.
Mr. TOMPKINS. I now ask that the House
concur in the Senate amendments to House bill
No. 3G8, to provide payment for depredations
committed by the whites on the Shawnee Indians
m Kansas Territory.
