1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Besides, let it be remembered that this is not a
single appropriation of §400,000, butitisaperma-
nent annual appropriation of $600,000—$400,000
m addition to the $200,00.0 worth we fyave already
distributed. I have heard—and I have waited
with patience to hear—no reasons given why
there should be this extraordinary, this very great
increase of the distribution of those arms—two
hundred per cent, over what has been found suf-
ficient for fifty years.
Mi*. HEMPHILL. I think I can state a reason
why this appropriation should be increased, and
it will be a very brief one. In 1808, when the law
of the 23d of April of that year was passed, order-
ing $200,000 worth of arms to be distributed for
arming the militia, the militia numbered 635,386.
According to the returns from the Wai Depart-
ment m 1839, the militia had increased to 2,438,2o2;
and the returns given in that report from many of
the States were made ten or fifteen years before that.
For instance, the return from Tennessee was made
in ] 840; and e very body knows that the militia must
have increased very much in Tennessee between
1840 and 1859. The returns of Delaware were
made in 1827; of Florida,in 1845; of Vermont, in
1843; of Maine, in 1856; and returns from most
of the States have not been made for agreat many
years. I have no doubt that the militia is at least
three million, perhaps more than that, at this
time. In ld08, under the act of that year, the
appropriation was equal to the sum of thirty-one
cents to each militia man in the United States. In
1858 it had fallen to less than seven cents. That
is the reason why the appropriation ought to be
increased, and ought, at least, to be increased to a
million or a million and a half dollars, to be of
any service at all.
Mr. WILSON. In 1808 we set apart$2OO,O0O
annually to be invested for arms for distribution
among the States. We have distributed more than
ten million dollais5 worth of arms in the country.
This appropriation was set apart when the coun-
try was weak and when we needed to provide lor
the arming of the mihtui. The^enator from Texas
tells us we had then but six hundred thousand
militia and have two or three million now. Well,
sir, we were weak then;'we are strong now. I do
not believe we need this distribution. 1 do not be-
lieve it is accessary. We have hundreds of thou-
sands of arms now on hand, and if the militia
want arms, why not distribute these arms among
them? Why go on increasing the manufacture?
This money is to be expended m the armories,
it is to go to Harper's Ferry to a great extent,
and to Springfield m my own State, and perhaps
it may be expected that L should support it tor
that reason. I should do so if I believed it ne-
cessary; but I do not believe this expenditure
necessary, and I hope it will not be imposed on
the country/
Mr. GrIUMES. The argument of the Senator
from Massachusetts, undoubtedly, is ^ery appli-
cable to the condition of the country that he has
the honor to represent. Ever since 1808, the
State of Massachusetts and the old States have
been constantly in the receipt of large quantities
of arms from the GenornI Government; but that
has not been the condition of the newStatcs. They
have no arms. The State which I have the honor
in part to represent, containing a population of more
than seven hundred thousand people, has not re-
ceived a thousand muskets from the Government.
We are on the frontier. Three successive years
the Indians have made hostile mcuisions intoour
State, destroying our property, and, m the course
of one winter, taking more than thirty lives. It is
necessary for us to arm ourselves, and we want
the Government to ffunishou.r people with the
same facilities for being armed that it has furnished
to the citizens of Massachusetts.
i shall, however, vote against this proposition,
as it has been adopted in committee, because I
think the distribution is not equitable, is not right.
Ii ought to be made under the census of I860, so
that we can get a greater proportion than at pres-
ent. If an amendment of that character were
adopted, I should sustain the proposition. I say
it is manifestly inequitable, that the State of Rhode
Island, with only two hundred thousand people
and only two Representatives and two Senators,
having drawn arms since 1808, a period of fifty-
two years, should be entitled to as many arms as
the State of Iowa, with a population of upwards
of seven hundred thousand, and without any arms
in the State at all. Therefore I hope an amend-
ment, winch will be offered by the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Green] will be adopted, and then
I shall give my cordial support to the proposition.
Mr. GREEN. I propose an amendment to
carry out the views of the Senator from Iowa, and
I think it is eminently right:
Provided also, That the Increased distribution of arms
heroin authorized ^hall not be carried into effect until after
the returns of the census of I860, and shall be predicated
thereon, according to the laws for such cases made and
provided.
Mr. BAYARD. Is it in order to move to amend
an amendment which has been adopted in Com-
mittee of the Whole? Must we not either concur
or non-concur?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The Chair is of opinion that it is
amendable. The question is upon the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Missouri to the
amendment made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DAVIS. I object to the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Missouri, while I ad-
mit the entire correctness of that mode of distri-
bution. I do not see why we should postpone
the distribution until after another census may be
taken. It will be some time before that census
will be complete, so as to make the distribution
upon it, and, as this is to be^n annual appropri-
ation^I expect about the time we shall have the
full returns of the census another distribution
will take place. Why, then, postpone the pres-
ent year's issue to abide the returns of the census
to be taken for 1860? The Secretary of War, in
his annual report, calls attention to the necessity
for increasing the appropriation for arming the
militia, in these words:
e' I desire to call attention to the existing law for arming
and equipping the whole body of the militia of the United
States, which was passed in 1808. The provision then made
foi the purpose remains the same at this day, and is insuf-
ficient tor it-; effectual accomplishment This, is evinced
by nequeut requisition-and ui«ient applications from States
and Tefiitories? for advances of arms and equipments be-
yond their ie ul<ii?> quota.-."
So that the application is one which it appears
has been made for some time past. To my own
knowledge, there are constant applications for
arms for volunteer companies in the different
States, mostly in the new States, and for the very
forcible reasons, presented by the Senator from
Iowa, that they have received less relatively than
the States which have been receiving for a great
number of years under the operation of the act of
X808, since its passage. They have even sought
permission to buy arms made by the United States,
in order that they might have the militia properly
armed and equipped; and feeling that the appro-
priation made by the Government was too small
for the purpose, they have asked permission to
buy arms; and the Senate has passed a bill that
is now before the House to allow it. Under this
general recommendation of the Secretary of War,
the Committee on Military Affairs came to con-
sider the question, and addressed the Secretary,
in order that they might know more specifically
what the necessities were, and what were his
wishes. 1 wiii read his answer:
Wak Department, May 22,1860.
Sir- In answer to your letter of the 14th instant, re-
questing uiy views as to the extent to which the appropri-
ation for ami mg and equipping the mUtua should beeariicd,
I have the honm to state, that m the suggestion on this sub-
ject in my leport to the President of" the 1st December,
1859, I had m view such a latio of increase as should be
nearly proportionate to the increase of the nniitia t'oice
since the exiting annual appsopnation of {$200,000 was
made in 1803.
That view is strengthened by the increased facilities of
inteieommumcation afforded by telegraph, railways, and
steamboat-, for concentrating, m an emergency, laige bodies
of militia fiom di-tant points.
To cany out my vie w of tile case will require an increase
of the pter-ent annual appropuation to at Jea^t a threetoid
extent, or to £600.000, winch amount, [ may add, will fur-
nish means toatm «imi equip,as infantry, only one hundred
men tor each tferuuoi and Representative, reservmgenough
to siupplj each Teirttniy to the same extent as a State hav-
ing the lea-t representation in Congress.
Yerv ie-pcctfuUy. your obedient sen-ant,
JOHN' B. FLOYD, Secretary of IVar.
Hon. Jefferson Davis,
Chahman Committee on Military Affairs, Senate.
This amount which we have before us, is that
which is estimated by the Secretary of War to be
necessary to meet existing demands, and which,
according to his statement, will be one hundred
arms for each Senator and Representative. To
delay this is, therefore, to reject the applications
made by the militia, and which have been made I
for some time.past To make this issue now*
make a similar appropriation next ye.ar~whreh.
similar appropriations will .of coiuse, be.isstied irir
accordance with the views of the- Senator/rota-
Missouri, and in compliance with the terms ofjhis
amendment—seems to me to be the better ,coi|Ese
of meeting the present necessity, -as well as provid-
ing for the future. : .;
A single word now as to the chtffactefc/of $he
arms that we propose to make an annual-aj^ptfb*:
priation of $400,000 for. My own opinion is, that
the Governmentsho.uId only issue m time of peace
to the militia such arms as are used by the Gov-
ernment in time of war. Models may .change;
but in the mean time, you instruct the militia Top*
existing necessities, and for the use of existing
means. All patentarms, revolving pistols, fancy '
arms of every kind, which can only be used* l>y~
special corps and under special circumstances* I
think ought not to be issued to the militia in time
of peace, as one of the means of their instruct^ojii,
There is, however, a standing appropriation of
$200,000, out of which they may still make requi-
sitions for patent arms, if they,want them, t do,
not think the practice a good one, but it is not
proposed by this amendment, as I understand, to
disturb that practice, and therefore, I suppose, it
will remain as heretofore.
Mr. GREEN. The honorable Senator from
Mississippi does not understand my amendment,
or else I do not understand his idea. It will be
observed, by the reading of the amendment, that
it says the increase shall not take effect .until after
the census. The present law still continues; the
$200,000 worth will be distributed upon the-pres-
ent ratio. It does not diminish that or postpone
that; but the increase proposed of $400,000 is to
be postponed—how long? Till the census is
taken. When will that be ? By the 1st of Octo-
ber next, according,to the instructions of the su-
perintendent of the census; and before Congress
meets next December, the Department will be pre-
pared to make the distribution according to the
present census of the eastern, western, northern,
southern, and middle States.
The Senator asks, why postpone? I answer,
this is just at the end of the decennial period.
This is 1860, in the month of June. The mar-
shals have commenced the process of taking the
census. It is known to everybody that the west-
ern States have increased from thirty to seventy-
five, and some of them to ninety per cent., in pop-
ulation. I have no doubt Illinois has one million
live hundred thousand inhabitants, and Missouri
one million one hundred thousand ibuton the basis
of the census of 1850, Illinois would only have
arms proportioned to a population of seven or
eight hundred thousand, and Missouri six hun-
dred thousand. While the older States have been
decreasing, the new States have been increasing;
and the next distribution ought to be in propor-
tion to the population. When the emigrant goes
from Massachusetts and settles in Illinois, he is
not permitted to take his musket with him# It is
State property, and must be left behind; and the
proportion of muskets left behind in the old States,
makes the arms there in proportion to popula-
tion, greater now than before, for when, the emi-
grant goes to a new State, he is compelled to leave
his saber, his bayonet, his musket, his rifle,
whatever arm he may have been equipped with.
When he gets in that new State he finds it desti-
tute of arms. Now, if any rule different from
that of mathematical equation ought to prevail, it
ought to prevail in favor of the new States, be-
cause the old States retain all their arms while
they lose part of the population, and the new
States have none of the old arms, but have an in-
creased population with no means of increasing
their arms. Hence I simply propose to let the
$200,000 appropriation go on under the existing
huv—not postponed—but postpone the increase
of the arms under the §400,000 appropriation until
this census is completed.
Observe another thing in the language of the
amendment, i do not say "until the apportion-
ment is made;" Isay "thecensus,"accordingto
the principles of the existing law, and they can
make it before the 1st day of next December. Give
the West, the growing, increasing, needy States,
that to which they are justly entitled, without in-
flicting any harm or hardship on the older States.
As for the kind of arms, I say simply that J de-
sire all the improvements as fast as they are made.
