2868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
I want people to accustom themselves to the use
of the new improved arms as fast as they pos-
sibly can. The honorable Senator from Missis-
sippi knows more about arms than I do, and
hence I shall not go into a comparison, nor con-
sume time; but I will simply say that this propo-
sition is equitable, it is just, it is not unfair to the
ohl States, while it is a meed of justice to the new.
Mr. TOOMBS. We discussed this question oil
the Army bill, and I believe everybody under-
stands it well. We aro now getting into a dis-
cussion about the sort of arms. I hope we shall
take a vote. If we are to discuss the old States,
and the new States, and the census, and the kind
of arms, when shall we get through? The sub-
ject has been discussed until 1 presume we all
understand it.
Mr. DAVIS. One word in reply to the Sena-
tor from Missouri. He speaks of the census
being returned next October. It may be so. I
do not know that it will; but he perceives he must
repeal the existing law in relation to the distribu-
tion before he can issue otherwise than under the
present repiesentation. There must therefore be
■an apportionment after the census returns are re-
ceived, and under the existing law the Depart-
ment cannot issue, except after the apportionment
is made, on the new ratio.
Mr. GRIMES. This repeals the existing law
so far as relates to arms manufactured with the
$400,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri to the amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected—ayes 16, noes 24.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on concurring in the amendment made as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr.TRUMBULL called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. BRAGG. I desire to offer a slight amend-
ment in order to make the amendment consistent
with itself. The Senator fiom Mississippi offered
a proviso that these arms should be manufactured
by the United .States; but in the body of the
amendment it is provided that they shall be pur-
chased .
Mr. DAVIS. No; the Senator is mistaken.
The woru "purchase" is merely used to recite
the title of the act of 1808.
Mr. BRAGG. The amendment appropriates
money for the purchase. My amendment is to
strike out (lie words " purchase and "before " dis-
tribution."
Mr. DAVIS. It is merely the language of the
act of 180S which is recited; and if it is stiieken
out, it will not recite the true title of the act ot
1808.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts says he opposes this amendment on ac-
count of the large number of arms that have been
distributed. I should like to have had some amend -
men t to give a larger portion to the western States,
and 1 voted for an amendment to that effect;
though 1 think myself that, as this is an appro-
priation for next year, before we shall reach the
distribution of arms made next year, we shall have
the census; and that will remedy the difficulty.
They will not be distributed until 1862; and by
that time 1 think the new States will be entitled
to a larger number. As to the old arms which
have accumulated, which the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts alludes to, they arc good for nothing.
Half of them are not fit to go into service. I want
to increase the manufacture of these new kinds,
so that we shall have arms fit to boused by free-
men whenever we have difficulties. I hope the
amendment will prevail.
Mr.COLLAMER. I desire to move an amend-
ment, providing that the §400,000 shall be ex-
pended in the manufacture of improved arms.
Mr. TOOMBS, i hope that will not be adopted.
We cannot take care of all the factories. To le-
gislate in this way, we shall have to take up the
whole subject; and it will take the Committee on
Military Affairs three months to tell what kind
of arms wo make I presume we make the best
arms we can.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is said that our arm-
ories go on making muskets now which are of
comparatively little use, with the §200,000 appro-
priation—such arms as our people do not want.
Mr. TOOMBS. It only grows out of the want
of information of the Senator. I know they make
other arms, rifles of different sorts, and 1 think
they adopt the improvements with reasonable
rapidity.
Mr. COLLAMER. Very likely they do. I
withdraw my proposition.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
on concurring in the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, resulted—yeas 23, nays 26;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bigler, Chesnut, Clingman,
Davis, Dixon, Fitch, Fitzpatnck, Foster, Gwm, Ham-
mond, Hemphill, iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Kenne-
dy, L.ai\e, Latham, Mallory, Nicholson, Powell, Simmons,
Thornton, and Wigtall—-93.
NAYS—Mensrs. Bingham, Brag?, Bright, Chandler,
Clark, Ooilumer, Doolittle, Fesscnden, Foot, Gieen,
Gilines, Hale, Harlan, Hunter, King, Mason, Poaree, Polk,
Pugh, Saulshuty, Sumner, Ten Eyek, Toombs, Trumbull,
Wade, and Wilson—26.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask that the
amendment to which I have alluded may now be
taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fost:
ill the chair.) The question is on concurring in
the following amen^nent, made as in Committee
of the Whole:
For the completion of tire Washington aqueduct, accord-
ing to the plans and estimates ot Captain Meigs, $300,000:
Provided, That the office of engineer ot the Potomac
water works is hereby abolished, and its duties shall bo
hereafter discharged by tire chief engineer of the Wash-
iti"ion aqueduct, who shall be, as hcietofoie, an officer of
the corps of en«tnecr^, not below the rank ol captain, and
having <-\penencem ilie design and conduction of bridges
and aqueducts,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move to
amend by striking out the latter part of the clause,
" not below the rank of captain, and haying ex-
perience in the design and construction of bridges
and aqueducts." The amendment was reported
by the Committee on Finance, and there is un-
doubtedly a great deal of circumlocution in it.
It would seem, on looking at it, as if the design
were so to restrict the action ot the Department
that they shall make one appointment only, and
have no discretion at all about it. It that is really
the object the committee had in view, I suggest
that they at once signify who the person shall be,
and legislate him into the office directly. As it
stands here, there are a number of provisions con-
nected together, pointing to a single lesult. After
first appropriating $500,000 for the aqueduct, the
amendment says:
•' Provided, That the office of engineer of the Potomac
wu$cr works it, hereby abolished.''
That is very well, because it is a retrenchment
and a saving of the salary of an officer who can
be dispensed with. Then it goes on further to say:
" Audits duties shall Imheioafterdischiuaedbytho chief
engtm er of the Wasbrngton aqueduct, who shall be, as
heretofore, an officer of the corps of engineers."
That officer is Captain Meigs. All that is very
well; Imt then itgoes further to say:
" Not below the rank of captain, and having experience
m the design and constiuction of bridges and aqueducts."
That would seem to point to the fact that that
appointment shall be made exclusively of one in-
dividual; that it shall be confined to one individual,
and must extend to nobody else; and that the De-
partment of War shall have no discretion on the
subject. If that is really the design, this is not
the legitimate method of reaching the object. The
proper and legitimate method would be to say that
"the work is hereby placed distinctly under the
control of that particular officer, Captain Meigs,
and that he shall have the entire charge of it."
If that were done, it would be a testimonial to
that officer. As the thing stands, it is not so much
a testimonial to that officer, as it is a provision
restricting, confining, and hemming around the
action of "the Department, to whom the control of
the matter has been given, and with whom it now
rests.
There is some confusion in regard to the whole
matter. I shall not go into that. A portion of
this aqueduct has been given to the Interior De-
partment,and another portion to the War Depart-
ment. The construction remains with the War
Department; but the mere preservation of it, the
control of what is termed the finished part of it,
has been turned over to the Interior Department.
However, it is unnecessary to go into that. This
amendment would seem to be sending the whole
of it back to the War Department. I presume
that is the object, to send it back there. Then
why not say simply, " an officer of the corps of
engineers?" Why insert the words, " not below
the rank of captain, and having experience in the
design and construction of bridges and aque-
ducts?" There are undoubtedly in the Army of
the United States now men who are forty and
forty-five,if not fifty years old, who are still lieu-
tenants, and among the brightest and best officers
of the Army. Why restrict the care of this work
to an officer not below the rank of. captain i I
should like to know, too, whether there are any
officers at all above the rank of captain who have
any knowledge in regard to these matters, or any
other captains in the Army than the one referred
to who have any peculiar experience in the design
and construction of bridges and aqueducts.
I think that if the design is to take the appoint-
ment from the War Department, it ought to be
said so, or not restricted in the indefinite and cir-
cumlocutory manner that it seems to have been
done. The War Department ought either to have
control of the matter, and be responsible to Con-
gress for the acts done under it, or be relieved
from it entirely. When we confide to that De-
partment tile control of a particular branch of
business, it seems to me that it is hardly fair, and
it is, in tact, impossible, to say that it can be
justly responsible for what is done unless it has
the control.
Another part of this amendment does not even
recognize the estimates that come here from the
Department. I have seen to-day that exceptions
are taken to estimates that come from bureaus, and
amendments that are based upon them are not
considered to be in order. It is demanded that
some Depai tment of this Government shall be re-
sponsible for the estimates upon which appro-
priations are based; but yet the language of this
amendment is, " for the completion of the Wash-
ington aqueduct, according to the plans and esti-
mates of Captain Meigs."" That has no reference
to the Department at all; and if the Department
has recommended the estimates, there is no rec-
ognition of the fact m this amendment. If this
is a separate and distinct business, make it so at
once; but do not leave itsoasto control the head
of a Depai tment, without avowing the intent. I
do not say that the committee designed to do what
I think will be the cffect.
Mr. TOOMBS. There is no obscurity, and no
unnecessary circumlocution, as my friend from
Arkansas thinks, in this amendment. It ex-
presses,! think, with reasonable clearness, exactly
what is intended. The firstportion of the proviso
is, "that the office of engineer of the Potomac
water works is hereby abolished." The reason
for that, which I gave yesterday, was that it was
an unnecessary office; that before the work was
finished the officer in charge of the construction
could take care of the part that was finished as
well as the other part. We therefore save $,4,000
by that, provision—§4,000 unnecessarily wasted.
As to the latter part of this amendment, we do
not intend that this work, of so much importance
to the country, shall be in charge of an officer less
than a captain of engineers. It is a general and
wise lule of legislation that nothing should be left
to the discretion of any officer that can be well
fixed bylaw. It is a sound rule in legislation,
upon all occasions, to leave as little as possible to
the discretion of the officers; and they have no
right to complain, so that they follow the law.
As to the statement of the honorable Senator
that there arc lieutenants forty or fifty years old
in the corps of engineers, to which department
this business is specially committed, he is mis-
taken; because, according to the laws of the land,
at the end of fourteen years every man m the en-
gineer corps is a captain. That "is the law with-
out any reference to vacancies. He is made a cap-
tain by law when he has served fourteen years.
We thought that an inexperienced lieutenant,
who may be one, two, three, four, five, six, or
seven years in the public service, ought not to be
intrusted with this magnificent work that has pro-
ceeded thus far under the charge of a very com-
petent military officer; and irt is to prevent the
possibility of its being put under a disqualified
officer that Congress uses its discretion. But
there are more officers than one| I am told, who
