1924
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
The amendments were read, as follows:
First amendment:
Strike out, in lino one of section two, the words, "that
said claims," and insert "that the whole or such part of
said claims as sJiail be proved to his satisfactionso that
the clause will read:
That the whole or such part of said claims as shall be
proved to his satisfaction shall be adjusted and paid undei
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior, &e.
Second amendment:
In lme five of section two, strike out the words " the
sixteenth section ofso that the clause will read:
Under the mlesand regulations ptesenhed in the "Act to
regulate trade and intercourse with the Indian tribes," &c.
There being no objection, the question was
taken, and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. TOMPKINS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments were concurred in, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NANCY 31. TROWBRIDGE.
Mr. PENDLETON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, made an adverse report on the
petition of Nancy M. Trowbridge; which was
laid on the table.
ASENKTII M. ELLIOTT,
Mr. OLIN, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Aseneth M. Elliott; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the ac-
companying report, ordered to be printed.
HARRIET BRENT AND OTHERS.
Mr. OLIN also, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Harriet Brent and
others; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the accompanying; report, ordered to be
printed.
NEW YORK FLOATING BATTERY.
Mr. CURTIS, by unanimous consent, offeied
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Raolvcd) That the President of the United States be re-
quested to furnish Congress puvately, through the Military
Committee or otherwise as lie may deem it expedient, a lull
plan and statement of the floating battel y in progi ess of con-
struction in the vicinity of New Yotk haibor, the amount
of money expended then eon, and the estimated cost of com-
pleting the work.
tiiomas p. Anderson's widow and son.
Mr. SCHWARTZ, from llio Committee on
Naval Affairs, made an adverse report on the me-
morial of tho widow and son of the late Thomas
P. Anderson, surgeon in the Texas navy; which
was laid on the table.
V. M. GUNNELL.
Mr. MORSE, from the same committee, le-
ported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, a bill (S. No. 198) for the relief of F. M.
Gunnoll, passed assistant surgeon in the Navy;
which was referred to a Committer of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM MAXWELL WOOD.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, from the same
committee, reported a bill for die relief of William
Maxwell Wood, a surgeon in the Navy of the
United States; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
RALPH KINO.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, reported a bill for the
relief of Ralph King; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. TAPPAN. I move that the House do now
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House, (Mr. Millson
in the chair,) and proceeded, it being objection
day, to the consideration of the bills "on the Pri-
vate Calendar, commencing where the committee
had left off ©a last objection day.
JAMES HOOTEN.
A bill (H. R. No. 352) for the relief of James
Hooten.
The bill releases James Hooten from liability
to the Post Office Department for ninety dollars'
worth of postage stamps, stolen from him whilst
acting as postmaster at Rowlesburg, Virginia.
The report was read. It appears therefrom
that in 1859 James Hooten, the petitioner, was
acting as postmaster at Rowlesburg, a station on
the line of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad; that
on the night of the 28th of October, in that year,
the storehouse in which the post office was kept
was burglariously entered, and, in addition to
goods stolen, ninety dollars' worth of stamps were
abstracted from the desk in which he kept them
locked. It further appears that Hooten is a poor
young man, and that upon the testimony of one
hundred witnesses, whose names arc appended
to his memorial, he possesses the entire confidence
of the community in the vicinity of which he re-
sides; that the post ofKce had for several years
been kept in the storehouse, it having always
been considered a safe place, and that Hooten
never failed to take reasonable care of everything
pertaining to the office. There are also attached
to the memorial the affidavits of several witnesses,
who testify under oath to the truthfulness of the
above statements.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
tiiomas r. livingston.
A bill (H. R. No. 353) for the relief of Thomas
R. Livingston.
The bill authorizes the Postmaster General to
receive and consider such testimony as may be
produced by Thomas R. Livingston; and if he
is satisfied from such testimony that Livingston
did not intend to bid for the mail service he is now
performing on mail route No. 10527, in Missouri,
and that the person who prepared the bid inserted
Maysville by mistake, instead of Stewartsville,
then the Postmaster Geneial is authorized and
required to pay Livingston, in addition to his
present pay, a fair pi ice for transporting the mails
from Stewartsvillu to Maysville, from the com-
mencement of the service.
The report was read. It appears therefrom that
the petitioner, being an illiterate man,and desiring
to bid for carrying the mail on route No. 10527,
in Missouri, procured one 0. G. McDonald, an
ex-postmaster of his vicinity, to prepare or write
out his bid. McDonald, through inadvertence,
made out the bid to carry the mail from Platts-
burg to Maysulle three times per week for $270
per annum, which, being the lowest bid, was ac-
cepted by the Department, and the usual bond
was forwarded to Livingston for execution. Liv-
ingston, to save harmless the persons who had
guarantied his bid, executed and icturncd the
bond to the Department, with a letter protesting
that he had not intended to bid for the service as
stated in the bond, and asked to be released from
the contract. The Department having no au-
thority to release him, he* has, up to this time,
faithfully complied with the contract. The evi-
dence shows that the petitioner has, from the date
of his contract, paid to another person the whole
amount of his pay for performing the service on
about half of the route, and that die petitioner has
carried the mails on the other half of the route
three times per week, receiving nothing therefor.
The petitioner swears that he only intended to
bid for carrying the mail from Plattsburg to Stew-
artsville, and McDonald testifiesthatsnch was the
fact, and that he committed the mistake by having
before him an old form upon which was written or
printed Maysville, and that Maysville was writ-
ten by him in the bid by mistake. The character
of both these persons is indorsed to the satisfac-
tion of the committee as truthful men. The tes-
timony further shows that since the date of this
contract, m consequence of the finishing of a rail-
road and the increase of business and population,
the mail matter on this route has increased to such
an extent that the service contracted for is en-
tirely insufficient. The mails cannot be carried
on horseback by one horse, and the contractor
has been obliged to, and docs, carry the same in
a hack or covered wagon. For this increase in
weight the committee cW not feel authorized to
recommend any increase of pay; but, believing
he has rendered faithful and necessary service for
the Government, that he undertook to perform a
part of such service by mistake, or by a clerical
error of a person he had reason to suppose was
competent to prepare his bid, the committee report
a joint resolution for his relief, and recommend
its passage.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not want to object to
that bill; but I should like the gentleman who re-
ported it to state whether he applied to the Post
Office Department for any information that may
be there in reference to this case, and whether
there were any other bids for the same service as
was contracted for by this party?
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I reported this bill
on behalf of the Post Office Committee; and I will
state the facts to the gentleman from Alabama.
They are embodied in the report, but the gentle-
man may not have heard it read.
Mr. HOUSTON. I heard it.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I have a letter from
the Post Office Department in regard to this bill.
They state that they knew nothing at the time as
to whether this ex-postmaster who drew up the
bid for Livingston had filled it up by mistake or
otherwise, and they had no authority to relieve
him; but they also state that when he returned
the bond, he sent a letter protesting that he had
not intended to bid for more than half the route,
and asking- to be released. During the last Con-
gress the Post Office Committee unanimously re-
ported in favor of releasing him. That bill did
not pass, and it is now too late to give him that
kind of relief. The bill only refers him to the
Post Office Department, requiring the Postmaster
General to hear his evidence; and if it be proved
conclusively that he is illiterate, and could not
make out the bid himself, arid that the party
whom he employed made him bid, by mistake*,
for what he did not intend to bid for, the Post-
master General, being satisfied of that, will pay
him a fair price for his service.
Mr. HOARD. Were there any other bids for
this service?
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. 1 believe there were.
The testimony before us shows that the claimant
did not get half the average pay per mile.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
J. C. FERRY.
A bill (H. R. No. 354) for the relief of J. C.
Ferry, for carrying the mail for one quarter from
Pittsburg to Franklin. [Objected to by Mr. Hous-
ton.]
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN UTAH.
Mr. HOOPER. I ask the consent of the com-
mittee to have now taken up and acted on the bill
(H. R. No. 435) to refund to the Territory of
Utah the expenses incurred in suppressing Indian
hostilities in the year 1853.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a point of order.
We may as well waste no time to-day. This
thing is not in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I appeal to
the committee to hear the gentleman from Utah.
He has been in bad health for three or four weeks,
and is still unwell, and wishes to leave the city.
Mr. FLORENCE. I withdraw my objection
under those circumstances.
Mr. HOOPER. This is a bill reported from the
Committee on Military Affairs, to refund to the
Territory of Utah moneys expended in suppress-
ing Indian hostilities. 1 would not make this ap-
peal to the committee, but that, as the gentleman
from Illinois has remarked, I have been for the
last three or four weeks much indisposed, and
most of the time ill. I would like to leave the
city, but do not feel that I can consistently do
so while this bill is pending. It is one in which
my constituents are much interested. I have
much feeling in regard to the matter, and feel de-
sirous to have it passed. I know personally that
this claim is equitable and just. It has been
scrutinized closely by the Committee on Military
Affairs. The amounts have been cut down very
much. I hope that there will be no objection to
the proposition I submit.
There was no objection.
The bill directs that there shall be allowed
and paid to the Territory of Utah, the sum of
$53,512 20 to reimburse the Territory for ex-
penses incurred m suppressing Indian hostilities
in the Territory in 1853, being the amount so
expended, less the excess paid to officers and sol-
