1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
come within those qualifications. I do not know
how many captains—probably my friend from
Mississippi can tell me—I dare say a dozen, in
the engineers. I think we ought to require an
officer of as high grade as a captain of engineers.
The last qualification is, that he shall have expe-
rience in the design and construction of bridges
and aqueducts; for that is the special business he
is put to. Hence the limitation is wise and ju-
dicious. It does no harm unless somebody wants
to break it. You are building an aqueduct on a
plan upon which you have nearly completed it.
xou have spent over two millions of money upon
it, and $500,000 more will finish it. You are fin-
ishing it according to a known plan stated here;
and all your laws friaking additional appropria-
tions for public buildings usually refer, either di-
rectly or indirectly, to a known plan. You can-
not build a custom-house unless by making the
appropriation according to the existing plan, and
that plan cannot be altered without law. We are
now proceeding under this plan, the plan of Cap-
tain Meigs. The work is carried nearly to com-
pletion, and we desire an allowance of §500,000
to finish it; and we propose that it shall be ex-
Eended under the authority of one of at least as
igh rank as a captain of engineers.
1 think it is a very wise limitation on the power
of any executive officer; and as to the other lim-
itation to which the Senator objects, I would ask
what would you want of a man at the head of
this business unless he had experience in the de-
sign and construction of bridges and aqueducts?
Breakdown one of these bridges now finished, and
the whole work is ruined: any mistake of that
kind would lead to ruinous conseqiiences. One
without experience in bridges woula be an incom-
petent person. So we have only described a per-
son fit for the work. Whether there are five or
ten or twenty fit for it who come within the qual-
ifications prescribed, 1 do not know; but I know
that every requisition of this amendment is a sound
requisition. No officer except one having these
qualifications ought to be appointed to it; and
hence, 1 say the amendment does what is wise
and fit to be done; and, therefore, I hope the prop-
osition of the Senator from Arkansas will not
prevail.
Mr. P ROWN. This subject was referred to the
committee of which 1 am a member—the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia—and we examined
it very carefully. There has been expended on
the work §2,339,000, and a small fraction over
that. There is now asked $500,000 to complete it.
The same gentleman has been m charge of it from
the commencement up to the present time, and I
say in all frankness, so far as the committee of
which I am chairman is concerned, that if the
amendment as it stands had not been proposed 1
work with a simple friction match. Just set fire
to the bridge, arid the whole structure, which has
cost three or four hundred thousand dollars, will
tumble down. When we have expended the sum
339,000 for this work, it will not dotoahan-
of
don it. We cannot abandon it. "What is our
condition ? With that vast expenditure we have
no benefit at all, or comparatively none. What
we want to do is, to complete this work, and com-
plete it under the same intelligence which pro-
jected it, and which has conducted it almost to
completion. Turn out this officer, put in a new
man, and what will be the result? Some new
fellow comes in, not understanding what he is
driving at, and probably before he completes the
work, he will expend double this sum. Captain
Meigs stakes his reputation upon it. He has
fastened his future reputation upon the proposi-
tion that he will complete the work for $500,000.
I think it wise, judicious, and sensible, to let him
alone, and especially since there is no charge, no
insinuation, from any quarter, that he has acted
corruptly, or unwisely, or extravagantly. Every
dollar that you have appropriated has been ac-
counted for; so well accounted for, that any man
who chooses to look into the affair, can under-
stand it perfectly. There has been no waste, no
extravagance, nothing that any sensible man can
find fault with. X hope the amendment will be
allowed to stand as it came from the Committee
on Finance. It has the indorsement of at least
three committees of the Senate, acting independ-
ently, and I think that ought to be sufficient.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. In view of the
remarks made by the Senator from Georgia, and
recognizing the propriety of the rule that he has
expressed, I shall change the amendment which
I had offered, and propose merely to strike out
the words " not below the rank of captain;" so
that it will read:
u Who shall be, heretofore, an officer of the engineer
corp*, having <>xpencnco in tliQ eloign and construction of
bridges and aqueducts."
That secures entirely the guard which the Sen-
ator has desired to secure, and which the Com-
mittee on Finance, I think,desired to secure when
they inserted this clause.
Ihere is one thing that it seems to me ought
certainly not to be forgotten or overlooked; and
; that is,if wc design this movement for a particu-
|| lar individual, ovenidnig the Department of War,
j legislating a man into office; if we design it as a
] complimcnt to him, his name ought to be inserted,
j and we ought to say directly that he is the party
i in whom we have such confidence that we are
! willing to insert his name here.* That seems to be
| the result, judging from the remarks of both Sen-
, ators who have addressed the Senate; and if they
f have that confidence, they ought clearly and dis-
by the Committee on Finance, the Committee on |i tmctly to avow it in the bill which they pass. I
the District of Columbia would have proposed it will say, further, that I have no objection to iu-
in the very words in which it stands, and for the jj s< rting his name, but will vote for it. Myjudg-
reasons assigned by the Senator from Georgia. !j ment is that that gentleman is the ablest and best
Wc thought it wise to let the work remain in the jj man who can bo put atthe head of this work; but
hands of the same officer who has had it from the -j this is not the way in which to do it. This pro-
beginning. I state the thing as it is. Captain !i vision is not a complimentary vote to him; it is a
Meigs has been in charge of it from the begin- !j restriction put upon the Department; and I Ven-
ning. After looking into the accounts, and the 1 "
way in which the work had progressed, we thought
he had managed it as discreetly, as wisely, and
as judiciously, as anybody could have done un-
der the circumstances. U is tr®b he made an es-
timate at the beginning that the work would be
completed for two millions and a half; but it will
ture to say that if the Senator himself was at the
1 lipadofaDepartment,and found legislation of this
i; character acting upon him, it would not be ako-
i getherpleasant. Therearemany waysofdestroy-
j  ing public confidence in a man; and I think if 1
j, know any man who has suffered in the last two
!j or three years, and on very slight offense, it cer-
be recollected by Senators, that the work from !j tainly has been the head of the War Department.
time to time has been suspended becauseCongiusa
failed to make the appropriations, thus necessarily,
by our own default, involving a larger expendi-
ture. Contractors had to be paid damages, stuck
had to be sold off, and large sums of money had !
to be expended m taking rare of the work while
it was making no progress, because otherwise it j
would have been going to decay. j
I have been, with other Senators and Repre- j
sentatives m Congress, through the whole line of ]
the work to inspect it and see in what condition '
it is. There is, I think, what is universally ad- i
milted to be the most magnificent, structure,across i
the creek called Cabin John's. There is no such \
structure, I understand, in America, as that will ;
be when h is completed. A single arch spans two 1
hundred and twenty feet. It is just in the condi- !
tion, that if a party wanted to be offensive and to :
do a mean thing, he might destroy the whole ;
I suggest, now, to Senators, that we reserve all
j the proper guards that are in this provision, and
] strike out the words I have proposed; and I will
j say, moreover, that I would not only not sustain
I a movement which would remove this gentleman
. from this place, but I should be bound to say,
! anywhere and on any occasion, that I regard it as
■ unwise to be done, and not proper to be done,
i because I believe him to be altogether the most
; capable man. I do not think, however, it is al~
| together fair play to a distinct Department of this
' Government, when there is no chance for the head
| of it to be heard here, that legislation of this kind
' should be thrown around him.
i Mr. TOOMBS. Allow me to make a sugges-
tion to my friend. While I agree in his general
commendation of the officer alluded to, I would
object to the amendment he now suggests on the
ground that there may be uiher officers fit for the
business, and there may be possibly good causes
of complaint against this officer, and a substitute
may be found. If so, very well.
Mr. BROWN. If my friend from Arkansas
will allow me, I will say it is very likely the com-
mittee of which I am a member, and other com-
mittees, might be willing to insert the name of
Captain Meigs; but vye thought it would be dis-
respectful to the Secretary of War and disrespect-
ful to the Administration. Besides, I doubfcvery
much your right to do it. I do not understand
that Congress can appoint officers. There may
be a constitutional objection to it. At least* we
hesitated about that.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I certainly
should regard it as a complimentary expression
of confidence which would go to insert his name,
and no reflection on the War Department, Here
is an officer for whom yo.u hold that Department
in some measure responsible. Look through the
whole course of the different Administrations, ftrid
they have some control over the officers that are
placed under them; whose appointments are de-
rived not only from them, but are not brought
here for confirmation by the Senate. Yet we gd
on here to make'restrictions as to who shall be
appointed; the idea evidently being to so fix it that
nobody can be appointed except this officer. I
say that, in my opinion, the Secretary of War
would be doing utterly wrong to appoint any other
man, as far as my limited judgment may go. But
I do not think this is the right kind of legislation;
and therefore I protest against it. Isincerely think
we might go so far as to insert the name of Cap-
tain Meigs, and it wpuld not be a reflection on
the War Department, but simply a compliment-
ary vote to that officer, distinctly signifying the
approval and confidence of Congress.
I hope that this provision, so far as it goes to
restrict the power of the War Department in
making the selection, may not be agreed to. There
is one point more which I wish to suggest, and
that is this: it can well be said that all those who
are lieutenants, and have served fourteen years,
are unfit, as a general rule. X do not think that
is just. With the education they receive before
going into the service, and with a few years' ex-
perience aftet wards, they may rise to the highest
point of eminence in their branch of the public
| service; but, at the same time, I would not advo-
cate the appointment of any one of them, for I
believe Captain Meigs is the best officer of all for
this particular purpose. I only objectto the man-
ner in which this thing is done. I think it is due
to the War Department, and the gentleman atthe
head of it, that the Senate should not sanction
such legislation as this.
Mr. DAVIS. I concur entirely with all that
my friend from Arkansas has offered of compli-
ment to Captain Meigs; and I should, if the ques-
tion of his merit were alone involved, be entirely
ready to insert his name in the amendment, as
was suggested, and thus to place the completion
of the aqueduct under his charge. More than
that, sir; I should be entirely willing to say-that
he was entitled, as a right resulting from good ser-
vice, to put the last stone upon this Capitol ex-
tension, which he constructed, and from which I
think he has been unjustly removed. But that
suggestion presents a question of the legislative
power of Congress. The President is, by the
Constitution, the commander-in-chief of the Army
and Navy. The Congress cannot make details in
either service; cannot designate the officer who
shall perform any particular service, either in the
the Army or the Navy. They may, and through
all the military legislation they do, indicate the
class from which officers for particular duties are
to be drawn. The quartermasteis must bcselected
from the officers of the Army; the lowest in grade
of that corps has the rank of a captain. The new
appointee, therefore, must be selected from the
lieutenants of the Amy. I need not cite other
cases; the legislation is full of them. You de-
scribe a class, but do notdesignate the individual.
So you fix the point to which promotion in corps
and regiments shall go by seniority,thus control-
ling the prerogative of promotion, arid beyond
that you confer on the Executive the power to
make selections. All our military legislation is
of this character.
The Committee on Finance, therefore, properly
have described the character of the person who
should be chosen, instead of naming the individ-
