982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
It will be discussed, cer-
ued under discussion, I must insist on the special
order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There will be further dis-
cussion .
Mr. COLLAMER.
tainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then I hope, Mr. Presi-
dent, that the Senate will give us the time granted
to us for the consideration of the business of the
Judiciary Committee. Gentlemen on the other
side say they mean to go on discussing this bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not suppose-they can dis-
cuss it at any very great length. They may have
the discussion to themselves. I take it for granted
that there will be no great deal of argument on the
bill; but really I have been very often compelled
to move to take up the bill, and then it has been
laid down again. The last time it was under dis-
cussion we had approached a vote, when it was
proposed to postpone it with a view to offer an
amendment. Now the amendment is before us.
It scarcely, I think, opens any new discussion.
The bill has been discussed already. 1 do not
wish to interfere with the proceedings of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary; but I do not see how this
bill can take up half an hour, even if gentlemen
wish to speak upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust the chairman of the
Judiciary Committee will insist upon his motion.
It has been very truly remarked that, at thelast ses-
sion of Congress, that committee could dispose of
none of its business, although it matured several
bills; because, when the/were assigned for a par-
ticular day, something else was permitted to crowd
them out of the way. Now, sir, I do insist, as
this day and to-morrow, if necessary, have been
assigned to the Judiciary Committee, that they
shall have them; and I trust the Senate will agree
to it. If we are to pile special order upon special
order, and then, when the time comes for the con-
sideration of the special order, it is to be postponed
to take up something else, we might just as well
have no special orders. It is manifest that the
bill which the Senator from Mississippi wishes
to have considered now cannot be passed with-
out discussion. I doubt if it could pass to-day,
if we devoted the whole day to it. I trust the
motion to postpone the special order will not pre-
vail.
Mr. BAYARD. Is the motion made to post-
pone the special order ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion before
the Senate is to postpone all prior orders, with a
view to continue the consideration of the bill to
authorize the sale of public arms.
Mr. BAYARD. I hope this motion will not
be acceded to by the Senate. Most of the bills,
all but one of them, which the Judiciary Com-
mittee reported, were reported at thelast Congress,
and we were never able to get them up. It is
true, as I stated the other day, they refer to no
party relations, they embody no sympathy with
party action, but they are all-important to the
general interests of the country; and I do not
think, after they liave for one Congress been suf-
fered to lie over without any action by the Senate
at all, that now, when you have made them the
special order, they ought to be postponed for a
measure which has only arisen at the present
session. _ I hope that the Senate will adhere to its
•-1" going 011 with the special order. It does
rule-
not follow at all, and I do not know that this bill
will lead to any protracted debate. There arebuf
two questions connocted with it that can give rise
to any. The debate cannot well extend out on
the merits of the bill at all, because it embodies
no party action. Being so confined, I do not
think the debate can be long, and as "to the mere
amendments to the bill, I do not suppose there
will be any discussion on them. I hope that the
motion to postpone the special order will not be
agreed to. It is idle for the Judiciary Committee
to report bills, and have questions of that kind
referred to them, unless they are allowed a hear-
ing before the Senate. One Congress has passed
already with no hearing upon them.
The motion of Mr. Davis was not agreed to;
there being, on a division—ayes twelve, noeS not
counted.
• COURT OF CLAIMS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 53) to amend
• an act to esta-blish a court for the investigation of
claims against the United States, approved the
24th February, 1853. The bill as originally in-
troduced by Mr Iverson, was read, as follows:
A bill to amend <rAn act to establish a courtfor the inves-
tigation of claims against the United States/' approved
February 24,185a.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the Utritcd Statesof Amcricain Congress assembled, That
there shall be appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, two additional judges
for the said court, to hold their offices daring good behavior;
who shall be qualified in the same manner, discharge the
same duties, and receive the same compensation, as now
provided by law in reference to the judges of &aid court;
and that from the whole number of said judges, the Pres-
ident shall, in like manner, appoint a chief justice for said
court.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all petitions and
bills, praying or providing for the satisfaction of private
claims against the Government, shall, without otherwise
ordered by resolution of the House in which the same are
presented or introduced, be transmitted by the Secretary of
the Senate, or the Clerk of the House, with all the accom-
panying documents, to the court aforesaid.
Sec. 3. And be it enacted, That in all claims founded on
legal or equitable obligation, and which might be enforced
in courts of justice either of law or equity, if the Govern-
ment were suable, the said court shall have jurisdiction,
and in such cases their judgment shah be final, as herein-
after provided. In every such ease the claimant shall file
his petition, whether the same be originally presented by
him to the court, or be referred to it by either House ot'
Congress, and the same principles of adjudication shall be
alike applied to both classes of cases.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That when the claim
thus adjudicated exceeds in its amount the sum of 
thousand dollars, either party to tho controversy may take
an appeal to the Supreme Court of the United States, on
the points of law involved in the ad judication, and the time
and mode of such appeal shall be re&plated by such rules
as the said Supreme Court shall establish for this purpose.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the concurrence
of three of said judges shall be necessary to the rendition
of final judgments ; and in all eases of final judgments by
said court, or, on appeal, by the said Supreme Court, where
the same is in favor of the claimant, the sum due thereby
shall be paid out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, on presentation of a copy of said judg-
ment, certified by the clerk of said court, and signed by the
chiet justice, or, in his absence, the presiding judge of said
court. And in cases wlieie the judgment appealed from is
m favor of said claimant, and the same is affirmed by the
said Supreme Court, interest thereon at the rate of six per
centum shall be allowed from the date of its rendition to
the day of its affirmance aforesaid, but no Interest shall be
allowed subsequentto the affirmance; and it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of the Treasury, at the commence-
ment of each Congress,to include in lusreportastatement
of all sums paid at the Treasury on such judgments, together*
with the names of the parties in whose favor the same were
allowed: And it is further provided, That such payment
shall be a full discharge to the United States of all claim or
demand touching any of the matters involved in the con-
troversy.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That in all cases thus
referred, where the ground for relief is not founded upon
any legal or equitable obligation as aforesaid, but is ad-
dressed to the iavoror bounty of the Government, thecouit
shall, on the application of the petitioner, order ami direct
the taking of the evidence as to the lacts stated for relief,
as in other cases, and when the same is completed, shall
return the same to the Hodse m which the petition or bin
was originally presented.
- Sec. 7. And be it further cnacted, That the Secretary of
either of the Departments, before whom any claim is prop-
erly pending, shall have power, with the consent ot the
claimant, and before he has dccided thereon, to refer said
claim to the adjudication of said court, the proceedings
thereon, when so transferred, to be governed by the same
rules as are applied to all other cases, and subject to the
same right of appeal to the Supreme Court; and in ease of
final judgment in favor of such claimant, either in the said
court or in the Supreme Court, the same shall be satisfied
and executed in the same manner as if such judgment had
been rendered by the Secretary himself, on a presentation
of a copy thereof, certified as hereinbefore provided; and
where such judgment is for a money demand, and there is
no specific appropriation at the disposal of the Department
out of which it can be paid, then the same shall be paid as
provided for judgments in other cases.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, The jurisdiction of the
court shall not extend to, or include, any claim against the
Government, growing out of, or dependent on, any treaty
stipulation entered into with foreign nations, or with the
Indian tribes.
Sec. 9. Andbeit further enacted, That the judges of said
court shall appoint a reporter, whose duty it shall be to re-
port and publish the decisions of said court. And it shall
be the duty of said reporter to furnish for the use of the
Government the same number of each volume of the decis-
ions aforesaid, as are now furnished or may be hereafter
required to be furnished by the reporter of the Supreme
Court, and the pay and compensation shall be the same a^
that now allowed by law to the reporter of the Supreme
Court.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted. That all laws or parts
of laws inconsistent with the provisions of this act be, and
the same are hereby, repealed.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported tho
bill with various amendments. The first amend-
ment of the committee was to strike out the first
section after the enacting clause, m the following
words: °
That there shall be appointed by the President, by and
[ with the advice and consent of the Senate, two additional
i judges for the said couit, to hold their offices during good
behavior; who shall lie qualified m the same manner, dis-
charge the same duties, and receive the same compensa-
tion, as now provided by law in reference to die judges of
said court; and that from the whole number of said judges,
the President shall, in like manner, appoint a chief justice
for said court.
Mr. BAYARD. I will state the reason for pro-
posing this amendment. The committee believed
that it would be unwise at the present time to in-
crease the number of officers by law; but that, if
it was found by experience that the duties de-
volved on the court under the act were more than
the existing judges could transact, then it would
be quite sufficient time to enlarge the number of
judges. The motion, therefore, is made to amead
the bill by striking out that section which author-
izes the appointment of two additional judges of
the court. I hope tho amendment will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
line three of section two, to strike out the word
"without," and insert the word "unless."
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is a merely verbal
correction.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
line one of section four, to strike out the word
"the," and in line two, of the same section, to
strike out the letter "s"from the word " claims,"
and insert "any;" so that it will read:
That when any claim thus adjudicated, &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three of the
same section, to fill up the blank with the word
" three;" so that it will read:
That, when any claim thus adjudicated exceeds in its
amount the sum of $3,000., either party to the controversy
may take an appeal to the Supieme Court, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line five of the
same section, after the word •' law," to insert
" and on the facts;" so that it will read:
Either party to the controversy may take ail appeal to
the Supreme Court of the United States, on the points of
law and on the facts involved in the adjudication, &c.
Th  amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines one, two and
three of the fifth section, to strike out thg words,
" The concurrence of three of the said judges
shall be necessary to the rendition of final judg-
ments, and."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section five, lines
six and seven, to strike out the words, " money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated," and
insert in heu thereof:
General appropriation made by law for the payment and
satisfaction of private claims.
And after the word " presentation," to insert,
"to the Secretary of the Treasury;" so as to pro-
vide that after the decision of the court favorable
to a claim,
The sum due thereby shall be paid out of any general
approbation made by law for the payment and'&atisfae-
lion ot private claim-*, on presentation to the Secretary 01'
the Treasury of a copy of said judgments.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eleven of the
same section, to strike out the words "the chief
justice, or, in his absence;" so as to require the
signature of the presiding judge to the copy of a
judgment presented to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fifteen of the
same section, to strike out "six" and insert
"five;" so that it will read:
And in cases where the judgment appealed from is in
favor of said claimant, and the same is affirmed by the
said Supreme Court, interest thereon, at the rate of tivc per
centum, shall be allowed, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was at the end of section
five, to insert:
•find ■providedfurther, That any final judgment rendered
against the claimant on any claim prosecuted as aforesaid,
shall forever bar any further claim or demand against the
United States, arismg out of the matters involved in the
controversy.
The amendment was agreed to.
