1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to tlie House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
LIVINGSTON, KTNKEAD & CO.
An act (S. No. 69) for the relief of Livingston,
Kinkead & Co. [Objected to by Mr. Curry.]
michael t. simmons.
A bill (H. R. No. 369) for the relief of Michael
T. Simmons. [Objected to by Mr. Gartreli..]
ISRAEL JOHNSON.
A bill (H. R, No. 370) for the relief of Israel
Johnson.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Israel Johnson, of Cass county, Indi-
ana, the sum of $570.
It appears from the report, which was read,
that in 1833 an attempt was made by General
William Marshall, Indian agent, and Nicholas
D. Grover, sub-agent, to form a treaty with the
Miami tribe of Indians, at the forks of the Wa-
bash; that, at the request and under the direction
of the agent and sub-agent, Johnson hauled from
Logansport to the treaty ground three loads of
baggage, for which he charges forty-five dollars
per load, making $135. lie also hauied, by or-
der of the agents, one load of baggage from the
treaty ground to the payment station for the Pot-
tawatomies on the Tippecanoe river, for which
he was also to receive forty-five dollars; that be-
inga hotel-keeper at Logansport, he had, by di-
rection of the agents,entertained and kept a large
number of Jndiansand their horses forsome time
prior to the attempted treaty, for which he charges
^'220; that while the Indians were in council, by
the direction of the agents, he gave a public din-
ner to the chiefs and headmen of the tribes, Mi-
amies and Pottawatomies, for which he charges
seventy-live dollars. He was also employed by
the agents to transport six Pottawatomie boys to
Madison, on their way to the Choctaw academy,
for which they were to pay him $100.
While other allowances of a similar character
for services at the same time were allowed by the
War Department, this claim was omitted through
the negligence of General Marshall, the chief
agent and commissioner. On the failure of the
treaty, the accounts were hurriedly made up dur-
ing the night following, and the treaty ground
abandoned early the next morning. Mr, Johnson
was at that very time absent, hauling a load for
the United States to the Pottawatomie payment
ground, and being out of sight was forgotten in
the hurry of the hour. General Grover in his
affidavit explains this by allusion to the well-
known carelessness, in the matter of accounts, of
his superior.
Mr. QJJARLES objected; but yielded to
Mr. COLFAX. I ask the Clerk to read a letter
from the present Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
who was chairman of the Indian Committee of
the last Congress.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Washington, D. C., vlpril 4,1S30.
Dear Sir: In aoswer to your nujiiirv touching the ac-
tion of foimer committees of the House of Representatives,
upon the claim of Israel Jolwson, of >our district,for labor
Serfoimed ami psovisions tumMicd at the treaty with the
fiamipsj in 183*'?, i have to say that the claim was investi-
gated by the Committee on Indian Affair of the la^t Con-
gress, of winch I was chaiiman,as it had been by previous
committees: and from my recollection, they unanimously
concurred m its justice. It teemed that his accidental ab-
sence when the tieaty failed, and the accounts for the ex-
penses in holding the council were rertifiod by the com-
missioner. alone prevented him from lonjr since receiving
the pay which Ins proof showed that he was fairly entitled
to leceive.
Youis, respectfully, A. B. GREENWOOD.
Hon. S. Colfax,
House of Representative*, Washington, D. C.
The CHAIRMAN inquired if any objection
%vas made to the passage of the bill; and none
being made, ordered it to be laid aside.
Mr. JONES, (in his seat.) 1 object.
Mr. COLFAX. I hope not. The claim is a
just one, indorsed unanimously by the Indian
Committee of the last House and the present one,
and by the present Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs, who states the reason why this claimant,
who would not ask Congress for any but a just,
debt, has not received his pay heretofore. Be-
sides, thes^ntlenian was too late in his objection,
and did not rise to make it.
Several Mr.Hnr.its. It is all right now. The
objection will not be pressed.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair announced that
members who object must rise from their seats;
and the objection came too late, after the bill was
ordered to be laid aside.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to
the House with a recommendation that it do pass.
joseph b. eaton.
A bill (H. R. No. 371) for the relief of Joseph
B. Eaton. The bill directs the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury to pay to Joseph B. Eaton,
assignee of Moses Carson, the sum of $653, for
twenty-five horses and saddles and three boxes of
percussion caps, furnished by Carson to Colonel
Fremont's battalion of mounted volunteers on the
30th and 31st of October, 184G.
It appears from the report, which was read, that
Mr. Eaton claims payment for twenty-five horses,
one saddle, and a small lot of percussion caps,
purchased of Moses Carson by Lieutenant J. W.
Revere, of the United States Navy for the use of
the mounted volunteers, commanded by Lieuten-
ant Colonel John C. Fremont, in California, dur-
ing the war with Mexico, in October, 1846, for
which Lieutenant Revere gave h isdue bill, amount-
ing to $653, to Carson, and which was transferred
to the petitioner by Carson, in the regular course
of mercantile transactions in California; that the
due bill or certificate so issued to Moses Carson,
by Lieutenant Revere, certifying that there was
" due to said Moses Carson, for saddles, horses,
arms, &c., (as per account,) purchased for the
service of the United States, by order of Lieuten-
ant Colonel John C. Fremont, $653," with an
indorsement thereon by Lieutenant Colonel Fre-
mont, stating that it was " within his knowledge
that said supplies were furnished by Moses Car-
son for the service of the United Status," was sub-
mitted to the board of officers appointed by the
War Department, m pursuance of the sixth sec-
tion of the act of Congress for the support of the
Army, approved August 31,1852; but on Febru-
ary 11, 1854, the board decided to hold the claim
suspended, •'' in order to receive from Mr. Jacob
Lecsc (through the Fourth Auditor) the original
bills or accounts which were deposited by Lieu-
tenant Revere with Mr. Leese." Before the ori-
ginal bill of purchase was found in the Fourth Au-
ditor's office, however, the board was dissolved,
whereby this claim failed to be included in the
report of " claims allowed " by the board, lor the
payment of which Congress made the necessary
appropriation.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a n-commendation that it do pass.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move that the commit-
tee rise.
Mr. BUFFINTON. Let us go on for another
hour.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Very well, I withdraw the
motion.
joiix c. m'ferran.
A bill (H. R. No. 372) for the relief of John C.
McFerran, of the United States Army. [Objected
to by Mr. Jones.]
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move that the commit-
tee rise.
Mr. CURTIS. Let us sit longer.
Mr. CRAWFORD. We do not object if you
will adjourn over till Monday.
The committee divided; and there were—ayes
16, noes 46.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We had bet-
ter rise and pass the bills that we have agreed
to report to the House. I demand tellers on the
motion to rise.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Etheuidge
and WooDnnrF were appointed.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 hope that the committee
will rise, and that, after we pass the bills which
' are to be reported to the House, we shall go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, in order to enable gentlemen to make
speeches on the tariff bill.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I do not object to that.
Mr. Cuautord's motion was agreed to; the
tellers having reported—ayes thirty-seven, noes
not counted.
The committee rose, and Mr. Stanton having
taken the chair as Spcakcrpro tempore, Mr. Mill-
son reported that the Committee of the Whole
House had, according to order, had the Private
Calendar generally under consideration, and had
directed him to report to the House bills of the
following titles, with the recommendation that
they do pass without amendment; ; - ; ;
A bill (H. R. No.*352) for th&relief of James
Hooten; ' ;
A bill (H. R. No. 353) for the relief of Thomas^
P. Livingston;
A bill (H. R. No. 355) for the relief of Alex-,
an dor Albertson, of Platte county, Nebraska; -<
A bill (H. R. No. 367) for the relief of Braxton
Bragg and Randall L. Gibson;
An act (S. No. 55) for the relief of Tilman
Leak;
An act (S. No. 70) for the relief of George
Stealey;
A bill (H. R. No. 370) for the relief of Israel
Johnson;
A bill (H. R. No. 371) for the relief of Joseph
B. Eaton; and
A bill (H. R. Nov 435) to refund to the Terri-
tory of Utah the expenses incurred in suppressing
Indian hostilities in the year 1853.
And had also directed him to report to the
House bills of the following titles, with the rec-
ommendation that they do pass with amend-
ments:
A bill (H. R. No. 363) for the relief of the heirs
of Captain John A. Hopper; and
A bill (H. R. No. 365) for the relief of Josiah
Atk ins, of Ohio.
Mr. TAPPAN. I suggest thatthe billsbecon-
sidered en masse.
There was no objection. * -
The amendments reported were agreed to. -The
House bills were severally ordered to beengrossed,
and read a third time; mid they were accordingly
engrossed, read the third time, and passed; and
the Senate bills were severally ordered to be read
a third time, and they were accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. TAPPAN moved to reconsiderthe vote by
which the hills were passed, and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
william ii. be groot.
Mr. BARR. I ask that the Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the joint
resolution No. 17, for the relief of William H.
De Groot. It was objected to this morning, bat
1 understand that the gentleman who objected is
willing to withdraw his objection. It will take
but a few minutes to pass it.
Mr. KILLINGER. 1 agree to withdraw my
objection to the joint resolution, if it be referred
back to the Secretary of the Treasury, who has
already investigated the claim, instead of having
it referred to the Secretary of War. Otherwise,
I must insist on my objection.
Mr. BARR. I understood the gentleman had
withdrawn his objection. I shall not press the
matter.
charles james lanman.
Mr. TAPPAN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar from the
further consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 340)
for the relief of Charles James Lanman.
Mr, THOMAS. I merely wish to remark that
it was on my objection the Dill was passed over,
some days ago. I withdraw my objection.
There being no objection, the Committee of
the Whole House was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the bill; and the House pro-
, ceeded to consider it.
! The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary of
! the Treasury to pay to Charles James Lanman
! the sum of $2,578 81, in full for his services and
| expenses while acting as receiver of the United
) States land office at Monroe, Michigan, from 1823
to 1831.
Mr. TAPPAN moved the previous question on
the third reading of the bill.
Mr, MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman from
New Hampshire to withdraw his call for the pre-
vious question, in order that I may make a state-
ment. During the last Congress, the Committee
of Claims reported a bill in this case; and I will
move that bill as an amendment at this time.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert: *
That the Secretary of tlte Treasury be, and he is hereby,
autJioiized ar.d directed to pay to Charles James Lanman,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
