1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$30,000, heretofore appropriated by act of Jd March, 1859,
for the purpose of repairs and incidental expenses to the
light-house at Oswego and buildings connected therewith,
/and which remains unexpended, may be used and applied
/ for repairing and securing and protecting the pier con-
f nected with the light-house at Oswego, New York, so as
to prevent the destruction of said light-house and pier.
Mr. KING. The section continuing this ap-
propriation was a part of the bill as it came from
the House. The Committee on Finance, 1 be-
lieve, recommended striking it out. The pieis
constructed at Oswego have been made at a verv
' ^ — ■ TUntrftl-OYal-
great expense to the Government. They are
uable piers, and some of them, for the want of
money to repair them or complete them, are being
injured by the heavy swell of the waves from the
lake. This light-house, for which the appropri-
ation had been made, and which appropriation it
is now asked should be continued to the piers, is
built upon them, and is in danger of falling from
these heavy swells. They ask that this money
may be appropiiatcd to sustain that portion ofthe
pier, and to fasten theend work of thelight-house
so as to prevent its falling; to continue to repan
it, as.l understand. I have sent for the member
from the Oswego district to get the facts. I trust
that the amendment of the committee may not be
concurred in. I would be glad to hear from the
chairman of the committee some reason for it.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator from New York
is entirely in error in his facts. This appropria-
tion was made for the purpose of securing the
foundation of the light-house at the end of the
pier at Oswego. The Light-House Board appiopn-
ated every dollar necessary for that purpose, and
there is an outstanding balance, after they have
done the work, of #30,000, which the parties want
them to appropriate to repair that part of the pier
which is not necessary to secure the foundation of
the light-house. Now, if gentlemen are resolved
to make these improvements, put them in your
internal improvement bills; your river and harbor
bills. That is fair. The idea of getting the har-
bors at Oswego and Chicago improved without
the others, is against the principle of internal ml-
movements, and I think Senators who fav01 these
improvements, ought not to allow it. Gentlemen
want this money for the pier, because there was
more money appropriated than was necessary foi
the light-house. The Light-House Board can, if
it is necessary, spend every dollar of it. iliey
have to-day the right, under the appropriation, to
use every dollar necessary to sccure tne founda-
tion ofthe light-house; but that board, with sin-
gular fidelity to the law and their duty, say they
have done that, and there are §30,000 over, ^ow
the object is to appropriate that overplus to the
improvement of the pier. I s ty it should go on
a regular internal improvement bill, and take its
chance with the others. That is the proper place
for it, and not an appropriation bill. I hey ate
attempting, indirectly, to get through particular
items of internal improvement. Gentlemen say
we have the money, and we may as well appro-
priate it for this; but it is not necessary for the
light-house. The light, m tins instance, ,s in-
tended to hide the darkness of tlu? transaction.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the Senator from
Georgia does not state tills matter quite as it is,
or rather he does not state the whole   iilr
fact is, that this light-house stands on the end ot
the pier.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is true.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The pier leads out from
the shore in a circular form, and on the end of
that pier stands the light. They have both as 1
understand, been elected by the Government A
year or two $go, Congress appropriated foi the
repair of the light-house £30,000 and for the re-
pair of the pier, $10,000. The Light-House Boaid
appropriated, out of the hght-house appropria-
tion, which was $30,000, $10,000, and with that
appropriation have made all the repans neces-
SajS'r TOOMBS. If the Senator will ollowme.he
is under a mistake. They did inappropriate one
dollar for the repair, except as connected wit.i the
light-house. , ,
Mr FESSENDEN. I am speaJcmg of the
lio-ht-iiouse. I say, $30,000 being appropriated
for the light-house, and *,10,000 for the picr,tiiey
used §10,000, and m so doing made all the_neces-
sary repairs for the light-house, leaving <,2J,0J0
out of that sum, and §10.000 they did not expend
at all; so that nothing was done to the piei. llieic
remains, therefore, of those two appropriations,
f30,000 not used at all; and what they ask is, that
the matter maybe turned around; that is, that
the $30,000 appropriated, they say, by a misun-
derstanding or mistake, originally to the light-
house, may be appropriated to the pier. It is a
fact that the pier is fast being torn away and de-
stroyed by the action of the water, and unless an
appropriation is made, it probably will be de-
stroyed altogether, and I suppose will endanger
the ir'ht. That funiishes access to the light-house
fromlhe shore, and if it is swept away they can
only get to the light-house, as they do to other
light-houses off upon the water, by boats. The
appropriations have all been made—$30,000 to one,
and il0,000 to another; $10,000 has repaired the
licrht-house itself, and $30,000 remains; and they
ask that that p0,000 be used for the pier. I un-
derstand it is all one concern. This is the expla-
nation given to me, as shown by a drawing; and
I understand it to be so. It is a change of this
appropriation to what is one thing in reality. 1
jam opposed to striking out this appropriation,
and hope it will be kept in.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have stated that the answer
to the gentleman is that the .Light-House Board
are charged with this thing, and they say not one
dollar is necessary for securing the light-house.
They do not ask it. .
Mr. FESSENDEN. They have appropriated
all that is necessary at this moment. The board,
I should presume, will very soon need more. It
is natural to suppose so. .
Mr. KING. Mr. President, the repair of any
damaee that might be done in the light-house it-
self would not be a very expensive matter. It is
built to stand. It is the foundation, which is the
pier, that is the subject of expense. Iam per-
sonally familiar with the plan of this harbor. 1
have often been there and seen it, though I have
not been there for a year or two. I have been told
by the Representative fiom that district that there
is danger to the pier from the heavy swells which
1 I know have made breaches in it, and cxpensnc
breaches to repair. During a heavy storm, it a
breach is once made in that pier, there is danger
to the whole of it. It is not more than four or
five hundred feet, I should think,from the end of
the pier to the shore; yet a breach in it would
endanger the whole pier. In a heavy storm in
that neighborhood,a tremendous swell comes in.
so that if there be any danger to this pier, as 1 am
told there is, this appropriation is as much neces-
sary to preserve the light-house as it is to pre-
serve the pier, though 1 am not disposed to make
the distinction which the gentleman from Georgia
takes. I should desire the use of this money
which has been appropriated to the preservation
ofthe pier,and it would be a matter of great econ-
omy to the Government to expend there ten or
twenty thousand dollars m giving security and
pel manence to an expensive work like that, rathei
than allow a storm to destroy it when ultimately
it will be rebuilt—ot least I hope and trust it will
—and will then cost a great deal of money. 1
think economy requires that we should convert
this appropriation to it.
I have not examined the documents in thi>
matter; but my information is from the Repre-
sentative of the district, who, I have no doubt, has
stated to me accurately the tacts. Differences of
opinion may exist about the propriety of these (
expenditures; but, as I said, the simple use of this <
money in the repairing and putting thehght-house
in "ood condition for the light, wuhotit lefueuec
tofts foundation, or to its connection with the
shore, is one matter; and yet, in my judgment, 1
have no doubt the preservation of that pier is as
important to the pieservation of the light-house
as its own light, and just csactly as necessary to
its continuance. . -
Mr. TOOMBS. I wish to call the attention of
the Senate to one idea. We get loose statements,
i as the gentleman says, from members of the
I other House who have not considered the subject.
! We have got this light-house system now under
! a scientific and intelligent body of men. We ap-
| propriated all of this money, and they could have
1 used every dollar for the security of the founda-
! noil and "the light, if it was necessary. have
: looked into this subject. It was my duty to do
1 so. They have used every dollar that was lieces-
! sarv; and' this is simply an attempt to get the har-
i| boi'improved, under the color of an appiopriauon
for the light. It is not worth while to have any
humbug about it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I desire to inquire of the Sen-
ator from Georgia if any part of the $10,000 ap-
propriated for the improvement of the pier has
been expended? • .
Mr. TOOMBS. Here is the way it was sep- ,
arated—I do not know which fund they took—
a portion ofthe appropriation was to secure the
foundation, and the other was for the repair of the
light-house. They might have taken either. °As
to which fund they charged it to, made no differ-
ence under the character of the appropriation.
Mr SIMMONS. I understand from the.Sen-
ator from Maine that $10,000 was appropriated
to repair the pier and $30,000 to repair the' hght-
k°Mr. TOOMBS. There was not a dollar for the
repair of the pier, independent of securing tne
light-house—not a dollar; not a dime.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then they were both to-
gether appropriated for the same work. ii
the security of the pier tends to securc the light-
house, and they were all blended, you have no
right to take the fund away. If they were not
blended, and there was an appropriation of $10,000
for the pier and §30,000 for the light, and you
spent §10,000 on the light, the most you could
claim would be to-get the other $20,000. _
Mr. TOOMBS. We are not claiming it. You
are trying to do it. We are leaving it just where
the appropriation put it. - , , ...
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 understand the Housebill
continues the appropriation of $30,000 that was
first appropriated.
Mr. TOOMBS. JNo, sir; it diverts it.
Mr. SIMMONS. To what?
Mr. TOOMBS. To the pier. -
Mr. SIMMONS. But, sir, that is the work it
was appropriated for, and that is what I am talk-
ing about; but the Senator wants to push it around,
ami get $10,000 from the pier that was appropri-
ated for it, because §10,000 of the other appropri-
ation was spent for the light-house.
! Mr. TOOMBS. I presume the Senator is not
j informed. Not one single statement that he has
i made is correct.
I Mr. SIMMONS. I get my information from
the Senator. . .
Mr. KING. The Senator from Georgia will
allow me to say that this light-house stands on
'^Mr^TOOMBS. Yes, sir; and I explained that
to the Senate. ..... ■, .
Mr KING-. The pier upon which it stands is
as much a part ofthe light-house as the building
itself. It is its foundation.
Mr. SIMMONS. It seems to me that some-
body has got the notion that there is some diffi-
culty about repairing an internal improvement.
Those who do not agree to the constitutional power
to make internal improvements vote against an ap-
propriation fur an internal improvement; but it
does not follow that they should not keep one
already made in repair. Would they-refuse-to
spend a few thousand dollars to secure a great
harbor? Do you mean to let all your internal im-
provements go to ruin because you doubt the
power to make them by your ancestors? mat
is the question. _
Mr TOOMBS. There is no such question here.
Mr! SIMMONS. That is exactly the question
here. Here was an appropriation that was made
years ago, when this new-fashioned light had not
been sprung upon Congress, and because it wants
a little repair and an appropriation made to repair
it, it is sought to divert that to the light-house, and
then take away the appropriation that was made
i for a light-house, and let it go to the Treasury.
I Mr TOOMBS. I have only to-repeat that the
I Senator from Rhode Island has to make his facts
I as he goes along. He does not state the case.
Mr SIMMONS. I take the facts from a mem-
ber of the committee. I take them as you state
thMr. TOOMBS. You do not have them right.
Mr! SIMMONS. I take your statement, ihere
was S40,000 appropriated to this work, securing
the lio-ht-house which was built upon the pier,
and they have spent §10,000, and have repaired it.
Mr TOOMBS. That is not the way either.
Mr SIMMONS. That is the way you stated it.
Mr. TOOMBS. No, I did not
Mr. SIMMONS. That is exactly as 1 heara it.
