1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
983
The ncxtamendmentwas tostrike-out the sixth
section, as follows:
Sh-c.6. And be itfurther enacted, That in all cases tlws re-
ferred, where tlie ground lor relief is not founded upon any
legal or oquitable obligation as aforesaid, but is addie-ssed
to the favor or bounty of the Government, the court shall,
on the application of the petitioner, order and direct the
taking of the cvidcnce as to the tacts stated tor relief, as in
other cases, and when the same is completed, shall return
the same to the House in which the petition ot bill was
onginaiJy presented.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the sev-
enth section, in the following words:
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
either of the Department^ before whom any claim is« prop-
erly pending, shall havt* power? with the consent of tlie
claimant, and before he has decided thereon, to refer said
claim to the adjudication ot said court, the proceedings
thereon, when so transferred, to be governed by the same
rulos as are applied to all other cases, and subject to the
sam^ rijjht of appeal to the Supreme Court; and m case of
final judgment m favor of such claimant, either m the haul
court or in the Supteme Court, the same shall be satisfied
and executed in the same manner as if t-uch judgment had
been rendered by the Secretary himself, on the presentation
of a copy thereof, certified as hereinbefore provided; and
where such judgment is tor a money demand, and theie is
no specific appropriation at the disposal of the Department
out of which it can be paid, then the same shall be paid as
is provided for judgments in other cases.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the ninth
section, as follows:
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the judges of said
court shall appoint a reporter, whose duty it shall be to re-
port and publish the decisions of said couit. And it shall
be the duty of said reporter to furnish for the use of the
Government the same number of each volume of the de-
cisions aforesaid, as are now furnished, or may be hereafter
required to be furnished, by the reporter of the Supreme
Court; andnhe pay and compensation shall be the same as
that now allowed by law to the reporter of the Supreme
Court.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert, as a new section:
Sec . 6. And he it further enacted, That every claim against
the United States cognizable by the Court of Claims, shall
be forever alter baried, unless the petition setting forth a
statement of the claim be filed in the court, or transmitted
to it under the provisions ot this act, within six years after
the claim first accrues: Provided, That claims which have
hitherto accrued shall nut be barred if the petition be filed
in the court, or transmitted as aforesaid, within three years
after the passage of this act: And provided further, That
the claims of married women first accruing during mar-
riage, of persons under the a^e of twenty-one years first
accruing during minority, and of idiots, lunatics, and in-
sane poisons, first accruing during the idiocy, lunacy, or
insanity of the person entitled to the claim, shall not be
barred if the petition be filed in the court, or transmitted as
aforesaid, within three years after the disability has ceased;
but no other disability than those enumerated shall prevent
any claim tiom being barred, nor shall any of the ?aid dis-
abilities operate cumulatively.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. These arc all the amendments
which the Committee on the Judiciary reported
to this bill, some of them merely verbal, some
that they supposed material, and placing it in the
shape in which they think it ought to pass. I
will state, briefly, what the law is now, and what
the main alteration made by the bill is, and the
reasons upon which we suppose that change to
be necessary.
A few years ago, Congress, for the first time,
determined that claims against the Government
should be heard, as they ought always to have
been heard, judicially upon proof. The language
of the law winch established this court gives juris-
diction in the following words. They were
" To hear and deteimine ail claims' founded upon any
taw (if rongress, or upon any regulation of an Executive
Department, or upon any contract, express or implied, with
the Government of the United States, which niay be sug-
gested to it by petition filed therein; and also all claims
which n^jiy be referred to said court by either House of
Congress."
The alteration in that respect, which is made
by the bill as it now stands before the Senate, is
to provide for an enlargement of the jurisdiction
of the court, so that "in all claims founded on
legal or equitable obligation, and which might be
enflh'ced in courts of justice, either of law or
equity, if the Government were suable, the said
court shall have jurisdiction over, and ill such
cases their judgment shall be final, as hereinafter
provided.
There are two material alterations made, there-
fore, by this bill. First, it enlarges the jurisdic-
tion of the court, so as to give it all jurisdiction
over all claims proper against the Government,
whether founded on contract or on act of Con-
gress ; or founded upon legal or equitable obliga-
tion, according to the general principles of law.
Next, it makes the judgment of the court final.
It makes it a court in fact, as well as in name.
Under the organization both of the Federal Con-
stitution and of every State constitution in this
country, as well as in that country from which
our institutions were mainly derived., there has
been one principle always adhered to; that is, that
the powers of Government should be severed into
three branches—the legislative', the judicial, and
the executive; and each branch confided to inde-
pendent, coordinate departments of the Govern-
ment.
It seems clear that the investigation and decision
of a claim against the United States founded upon
an obligation, whether that obligation be legal or
equitable, is a judicial question. It is not a ques-
tion for the caprice of Congress. It is not a ques-
tion that ought to be the subject of personal favor
or personal bias, or of political favor or political
bias. It is a judicial question. The facts neces-
sary to give the relief ought to be proved, and
then the principles of law applicable, generally, to
all such cases, ought to be applied to those facts,
and by a judicial body. There ought to be some
general principles which should settle judicially
the question of ralief between the citizen and the
State.
It is true, that according to public law gener-
ally, the sovereignty is not suable; but the sov-
ereignty may make itself suable. In the country
from which our laws were originally derived,
though nominally the sovereign is not suable,
there is relief granted in substance according to the
mode this bill contemplates. All claims against the
British Government, which are not in the nature of
a gratuity, are presented, in the first instance, as
they are here, to the executive Government; but
our heads of Departments are more limited in their
power over tliem than are the heads of depart-
ments there. Here, where a claim is presented to
the administrative authority, if thfere is no ques-
tion about it, the allowance is made, if there is an
"appropriation. If a doubt arises, the opinion of
the Attorney General is taken here; the opinion
of the Attorney or Solicitor General is taken there,
and the Government pays it there. The differ-
ence is, they pay without an appropriation there;
here, they cannot pay without it; and if they pay
they include it in their estimates on the opinion of
the Crown officers; but if the opinion is against the
^claimant, he then has the right, by petition of righ t,
as it is called, to be heard before the chancellor in
the first instance, and, on appeal, by the King in
council. He has the case judicially determined,
and if it is decided in favor of the claimant, the
amount is always paid as of course, and then goes
into the estimates. Parliament never interferes in
the transaction of business of that kind, for it is
evidently an inappropriate body.
Now, sir, either this Government is the most
unjust Government on the face of the earth, or
; else it is the Government most plundered on the
i face of the earth; because there is no Government
j in which claims come before the legislative body
! to the same extent and to the same number as has
I hitherto been the case in the Congress of the Uni-
j ted States. For my own part, my experience
' since I have been in the Senate has been, that wo
very often neglcct and refuse to provide for claims
, that are just in themselves; and that the question
; whether a claim shall pass Congress or not, de-
I pends far more on the influence and tact of the
i individual who has the management of it, than
upon the justice and merits of the case; and fur-
ther, you are subjected, in that system of congres-
sional action upon claims, to this effect, that there
is no finality as in favor of the Government. A
claim may be rejected over and over again; often-
times years have been permitted to elapse-, often-
l times three, four, or five adverse reports have been
j made on a claim; and ten or twelve years after-
| wards, in a shifting body, new members coming
j in, the claim is presented again; and if a favorable
! chairman or a favorable member of the committee
can be found, the claim is reported favorably, and
then it passes against all the adverse reports be-
fore, although the knowledge of the facts may
have become very obscure, and the evidence in
almost all cases is of a very imperfect character.
Such has been the past legislation of Congress
in reference to private claims. Feeling that, they
determined to get rid of the difficulty on the sub-
ject of testimony, and constituted the Court of
Claims, and they determined also to "have the
judicial action of the court; but Congress were
unwilling, when the act of 1855 was passed, ,to ■
relinquish their own control over the claim where
the opinion was in favor of the claimant. I see .
no reason whatever why we may not trust to that
court a judicial decision of a claim that shall be
final for or against the claimant, any more than
we intrust to other courts the right and power of
,making a final decision as between citizens. I
speak not of pensions or gratuities of the Gov-
ernment, but of claims proper. Ali that a claim-
ant can ask from the Government is justice; and
justice covers both law and equity. Why not
trust the administration of justice to a judicial
decision—the question whether he has a claim
which, in equity and law, the Government are
bound to pay ? What is the pro'per body to de-
cide that? Why should we wish to retain this,
species of improper jurisdiction? for it conies to
that. Do honorable Senators wish to-be annoyed
by a band of claim agents collected in the lobbies
of the Capitol? Do they wish to encourage that
tendency, which must always exist under such a
system, towards corruption? If not, it seems to
me we should part with this improper jurisdic-
tion which we have hitherto exerc®ed in reference
to private claims against the Government. We
should give all that an honest claimant has a right
to ask; give him a forum in which his case can
be heard on the one side, and the United States
upon the other, and that case decided by a com-
petent tribunal dependent upon the proof of the
case, taken on both sides. In this body you have
to depend solely on one side; you hear private
claims, in fact, only on one side, and that is the
side of the private claimant, unless some Senator
takes the trouble to investigate the matter and
make opposition.
But there is another reason: a legislative body
is in itself an improper body to exercise judicial
power. The whole theory of your Federal Gov-
ernment is wrong if it is not; the whole theory of
your State governments is wrong if it is not. They
all prescribe the distinction; and there can be no
reason whatever why the Legislature are better
able to administer justice as between the State
and the individual, than they would be to admin-
ister justice between man and man. They might
as well assume the entire judicial functions, as
assume that of proceeding upon private claims
'against the Government. Everybody knows that
no general principles are adhered <o by Congress.
Look back at your reports of committees. You
find them varied, with an entire absence of all
general controlling principles whatever. The most
irreconcilable decisions have been made by Con-
gress, sometimes rejecting claims which perhaps
ought to have been passed, and at other times
passing a claim which the plainest principles of
justice would require should have been rejected.
Every one knows, it cannot be doubted,'that in
bodies situated as the House and Senate are, there
must be the argument of compassion, the argu-
ment of-political bias, the argument of personal
friendship and personal regard; and it may be,
sometimes, that the argument of interest may be
involved, with an impossibility on our part to
trace it. All this is cut off if you adopt the proper
tribunal. Everyone here, 1 think, knows that,
on a bill before Congress, if the argument is ad-
duced that there are a widow and five orphan
children interested in the case, it would weigh far
more than the justice of the case; and if there
were ten orphan children, the argument would
be irresistible; but that is really no ground for
deciding on a claim.
But these reasons will necessarily operate upon
legislative bodies; and it is unavoidable, too, that
political bias will have its influence in legislative
bodies even on private claims. It is unavoidable
that personal bias will have its influence. Take
the mere fact of relations to the States. A claim-
ant presents his claim from aparticular State. Do
you suppose the representatives from that State
are going to oppose it? No, sir; it is not to be
expected. They are not going to make an enemy
of the man. They would always naturally look
favorably at a claim coming from their own State.
In other words, under the system that existed,
and still exists, in that respect, by oar claiming to
revise the decisions of the Court of Claims, the
