984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
decisions of the right of a Citizen as against the
State is dependent upon caprice and upon human
passions, and not upon the principles of law ana
justice.
' Sir, I think this requires amendment. lean see
no reason why the law should not be adminis-
tered as against the State by a tribunal properly
constituted, as I.think this court is, with an ap-
peal to the highest court recognized by the Con-
stitution, wherever the amount will justify that
appeal, which is the sum of |3,000. I think the
Government would be amply protected. I am
sure that it would be better protected than it is
under the preserit system; and I am equally sure
that itwould.be better for claimants to have a set-
tled series of "decisions, which would give judicial
principles to guide; which would administer jus-
tice as justice ought to be administered—not on
loose notions of compassion, or some personal
bias or personal friendship, but 011 principles of
law applicable to the particular case, according to
the proofs. I think there can be no doubtwhich
ought to be the preferred system.
Nor do I see that Congress in any way yield
any power which they ought to possess, if they
make this change in the law. Surely, Senators
do not desire to be badgered constantly by claim-
ants or claim agents, in reference to private claims
before the bodj*, yet everybody knows that they
are open to every species of attack and influence
of that kind, while they retain this power of action
over private claims. But if they had the privilege
of saying, "Your case is a claim agSinst the Gov-
ernment; we have provided a tribunal which will
hearit; if you prove yourcase,andbringit within
known principles of law and equity, you will get
the relief you are entitled to; you have, therefore,
no right to ask me to advocate a claim before Con-
gress that cannot stand the test of an investigation
in a court of justice," would they not be relieved
from this ? The complaint has always been that
the parties have not the relief they are entitled to.
It will give to just claimants, if you alter the law,
their fair ground of relief. It will guard against
the allowance of unjust claims to an extent to
which they have never been guarded against in
tljis Government heretofore. _
Mr. President, as illustrating that there is m
danger, even to the funds of the Government, to re-
sult from the establishment of this court as a final
court, subject to appeal to the Supreme Court, I
have, on the list of claims published by order of
the Senate, summed up the amounts of all cases
considered in this court, either referred by Con-
gress or presented on original petition, during the
Thirty-Fourth and Thirty-Fifth Congresses, and
also up to the 11th of January of this year. The
whole amount allowed by the court, in round
numbers—there may be a slight variation, but it
is not much—was $529,000 during the two Con-
gresses. Ofthat sum, Congress has paid §283,000;
and $286,000 is still pending in one House or the
other. Since the adjournment of the last Con-
gress up to the 11th of January, 1860, the decrees
irj favor of the claimants amount to $20,958. The
whole amount, therefore, in the period of time
this court has existed, (five years,) nas been about
five hundred and fifty thousand dollars, and no
more. That is the whole amount allowed by the
judgments of the court. I ought also to mention
that when this court was established, of course
all the arrears of claims necessarily were to be
brought before it; and therefore I think this is
the strongest evidence to show that, in the admin-
istration of justice, the Government has nothing
to fear from just claims against it.
We have pro vided, further, a guard in this bill, by
an amendment of th« committee which will here-
after enable Congress at any time, if the law works
badly, to repeal it. Wo have provided a guard
which will enable Congress to know what the effect
of the decisions of this court, as a final court, will
be upon the Treasury. We have ordered that the
moneys to pay the amount of adjudicated claims
shall be payable by the Secretary of the Treasury
out of a fund to be appropriated in a general ap-
propriation bill, and not out of any moneys in the
f rcasury, but, in the language of the amendment,
out of a "general appropriation made by law for
the payment and satisfaction of private claims."
it will enter, then, into the estimates of the De-
partment; it will come before Congress as to the
question of amount; and you will see whether the
law does not work well. I cannot doubt that
anything that is founded in sound principle will
ultimately work well. If your agents are at all
competent, it'must work well. It cannot work
worse than the system which has hitherto existed,
as regards the question of justice.
We have also guarded it, as I stated, by giving
a right of appeal either to the Government or the
claimant, in sums of more than three thousand
dollars, to the Supreme Court of the United States.
The effect of that necessarily must be, the parties
both being heard, that we shall have general prin-
ciples settling all questions of claims against the
Government'which arise upon general principles
of law and equity, many of which are not ap-
plicable to the relations of citizen and citizen.
There is a variance; but the law will soon be-
come settled by a series of decisions, so that you
will be aBle to estimate the probable amount of
claims against the Government with almost un-
erring certainty, during any session of Congress,
and it will conduce to justice in paying that which
we really owe, and wherein injury has been done
to the party; and, on the other hand, it will pre-
vent our being besieged by claims of a character
which ought not even to be entertained by Con-
gress.
We have also provided, what is an essential pro'
vision in the bill, a statute of limitation, because
there can be no reason whatever for acts of lim-
itation as between citizen and citizen, (so essential
in every civilized country, and adopted in every
country, as rendered necessary from the character
of human memory, and the fact that the negli-
gence of a party in the assertion of his right or
claim ought always to be a bar to that claim after
a certain time,) which does not apply as between
Government and citizen. We have inserted a
provision making it a bar, unless the claim is pre-
sented within six years after it accrues, making,
of co urse, temporary provision for existing claim s.
There is at present no act of limitation what-
ever in regard to claims against the Government
—I do not speak of gratuities; I do not speak of
revolutionary services; but, in point of fact, con-
stantly claims arc held back until the transaction
is so remote, and the evidence is so imperfect,
that the Government cannot meet it; it has been
preserved, perhaps, in the shape of affidavits, by
the original claimant, which present a prima facie
plausible case. There is no possibility of exam-
ination; and it is not the fault of Congress, but
the design of holding back until witnesses who
could give testimony about the matter have passed
away; and it is impossible for any human tribu-1
nal to ascertain the whole truth, on the facts pre-
sented, with anything like approximation to it.
That is the effect of the present system. An act
of limitation is therefore brought into this bill.
As the party is given a legal right, the obtaining
of redress rests with himself in making plain the
justice of the case; and we impose on him only
the restriction which exists in every State of the
Union, and in all civilized communities, that he
shall present that claim within a reasonable time;
that is, within such time as the Government may
have the means of having the facts ascertained by
the examination of witnesses, ill case the claim is
not a valid one, against them; and we bar the
claim if it is not presented in that time, making
the exceptions, which are the only ones that
ought to exist against the Government, of mar-
riage, minority, and insanity in its various forms.
These are the exceptions; and we allow a party
three years after the termination of these disabil-
ities to present his or her claim, as if it had been
presented within six years from its first accruing.
I think that the effect of this bill,if passed, will
be to pladfe the Government in its properposition
in reference to private claimants. It says to every
man who has a claim upon the Government,
foundedupon legal or equitable obligation: " Here
is a competent tribunal; go there within such
time that your claim can be investigated, and wo
can resist it if we think it unjust, and have a fair
judicial decision on it, and you will get relief if
you are entitled to it." On the contrary, it says
to every man who expects to obtain money by
means of personal influence, of personal action on
members of Congress, of political bias, or any
other bias whatever, or anything other than the
mere naked right of his case: if he expects to
obtain, through the action of Congress, that to
which ho is not justly and equitably entitled, the
door is closed upon him; and that he must have
his case heard in open court, as he would have if
he had any suit with a fellow-citizen. He must
have his case against the State placed in the same
position, and have a fair adjudication upon it.
Can there be a doubt, on principle, as to the pro-
priety of this course? What objection can be
urged against the adoption of such a system; that
is, administering justice between the State and the
citizen by the same character of tribunal—thatis,
by judicial tribunal and judicial action—in the
same manner that you administer justice between
citizen and citizen > The allowance of a claim is
not a legislative act. You may grant a bounty;
you may grant a pension, if you choose; all this
is withm your discretion; it is legislative in its
character. Such cases are not within this bill. If,
for any cause, you choose to dispose of the moneys
of the country, founded on considerations other
than an obligation which would be recognized by
a court of equity or law as binding on the Gov-
ernment, this bill does not prevent it.
I do not know, sir, that there is any other pro-
vision in the bill that requires explanation at my
hands. I have stated the material change which
it makes in the existing law. I will add as to the
amendment, that we struck out all that part of the
bill which provided for the taking of testimony
in cases where Congress were to act, inasmuch
as the court have no jurisdiction to decide cases
of gratuity. I had some doubts about that my-
self; but we were very desirous in the committee
to stand united, and, as I believed that might be
a matter for future legislation, if it was requisite,
and the great idea in my mind was to have justice
administered in cases of obligation, I was per-
fectly willing to accede to it. We struck out that
provision, which did not give any jurisdiction to
the court, but simply made them ministerial in
obtaining testimony for us in cases not of obliga-
tion. We also struck out that section which au-
thorized the Secretary of any of the Departments
to devolve his own responsibilities upon the court.
We thought that he should decide on his own
responsibilities; and if he decided wrongly, the
claimant should have his right of appeal to the
court for the purpose of correcting the decision;
but we were not disposed to throw on the court
the burden of all the every-day decisions, to be
made by the head of a Department in reference to
the different claims in the course of the adminis-
tration of the Government that are made upon
him.
As we thought there might be danger otherwise
from the magnitude of the whole, though the in-
dividual claims might be small, we exclude the
jurisdiction of the court where the claim arises, or
is dependent upon, any treaty stipulation entered
into with a foreign nation or with Indian tribes.
There we leave the claimants to the action of Con-
gress. We also struck out that provision which
authorizes a reporter. Inasmuch as, in cases of
appeal, the great general principles which apply to
the general class of claims will come before the
Supreme Court, and there be finally settled for the
benefit of the citizen as well as of the Government,
we thought the reports of those cases would be
quite sufficient, and that there was no necessity for
encumbeiing the Government with the expense of
areportcr,and adding one more to the infinite num-
ber of reports that arc now circulated throughout
the country.
These, sir, are the provisions of the bill as it
now stands, the amendments of the committee hav-
ing been adopted. If there is any objection to the
changes made by the bill—I have pointed out what
are the two essential ones—I should like to hear
them. 1 believe these changes will be beneficial
in practice to the country. We should make this a
judicial matter; and, as such, the judgmeiiftshould
be final, with the right of appeal, with a proper
limitation of amount, to the Supreme Court of the
United States, reserving to Congress the only ju-
risdiction they ought to exercise—a jurisdiction
which enables them to see year by year what
amount is paid out of the Treasury for private
claims. That we do; and the Secretary offhe
Treasury is required by the provisions of the bill,
at each session of Congress, to report to Congress
the amounts of judgments rendered, and the per-
sons to whom they have been paid I hope this
provision will be adopted, and Congress will here-
after be relieved from any further action upon
claims or petitions of private claimants, other than
such as are founded m gratuities, which are not
