2872:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
Mr. TOOMBS. It is unnecessary to attempt
to explain it to you.
Mr, KING. I have no disposition to discuss
the question of principle in relation to the object
for which this money shall be expended; but I
desire the Senate to understand the fact that this
light-house stands on a pier. The construction
of the pier is the construction of the light-house,
and this is necessary 
Mr. TOOMBS. That is not so. You may
make statements here, but the official evidence is
that everything was repaired that was necessary
to the security of the light-house.
Mr, KING. Do you understand that the light-
house stands on the pier?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes.
Mr. KING. How do you suppose it would
stand ifyou removed the pier?
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 suppose the light-house to
be at the end, about five hundred yards, and that
a breach in the pier would not necessarily affect
the foundation of the light-house.
Mr. KING. There is nothing like that dis-
tance between the end of the pier and the shore.
What I stated, and which the Senator from Geor-
fta does not understand to be the fact, is, what I
now to be so, that this light-house stands on the
pier, and that there is injury to the pier even in
its best condition from the severe storms of that
lake. It is the storm undoubtedly that has made
a breach in itif there be one. 1 suppose there is,
or this appropriation would not have been made
for its repair. A single heavy storm may at any
time destroy the pier from the shore, or from
wherever a breach may be, to its end, and with
the pier, of course, would fall the light-house.
The preservation of the pier is as necessary to
the continuation of the light-house as its founda-
tion or walls are.
But, as I said, I am not disposed to allude to
the disposition here to refuse to expend appro-
priations for the purposes for which Congress
may, by law, direct them to be expended, or au-
thorize them to be expended. 1 know there are
differences of opinion about these expenditures
for harbors. For myself, I do not see any harm
in making «ome expenditures for them; and 1 am
unwilling that this pier and light-house at Oswego
should be deprived of the benefit of money which
has been appropriated to them, upon a misunder-
standing of the fact. The fact is, the light-house
stands on the pier, and its preservation is neces-
sary to the light-house, which is essential to the
navigation of that lake. As this money has been
appropriated, I hope the Senate ■will not strike it,
out, and refuse to continue it. I will simply ask
for the yeus and nays, i do not suppose any ar-
gument or statement would change any vole of
the Senate; but I want the facts undeistoud.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MALLORY. As the yens and nays are
ordered, i want to place myself right upon the
record. Many years ygo there was a universal
complaint in the country that the light-house sys-
tem in the United States was the worst m the
world; that we expended the most money and
obtained the fewest advantages. After mature
consideration, the entire system was changed,
and, instead of intrusting the system of light-
houses and the whole department to the Fifth Au-
ditor, where, until that time, it had been, we raised
a special corps—nay, we sent men abroad to in-
quire into the light-house systems of Europe, and
we incorporated somewhat of those systems into
our own. No one who has examined the subject
can say that we have not made a very great im-
provement in this respect. T want to know now,
when we have appropriated money annually, and
given the expenditure of it to this Light-House
Board, and confided to them a system which, in
their hands, has worked admirably, and no com-
plaints, that I know of any where, why we should
seek to go beyond them, and, not only that, but
appropriate money where they tell you they do
not need it. It is difficult to get appropriations
here in behalf of those branches of the Govern-
ment which absolutely require appropriations,
such as the Army and the Navy; but here is a
scientific corps of men, who confessedly conduct
this system admirably, who come forward and tell
you they do not want that money for this purpose;
and you are insisting upon giving it to them when
th'-y tell you it is not necessary. That is the con-
dition? of facts. The money is not wanted for a
light-house; but the money is wanted for a pier,
which will incidentally, peihapSj affect the light-
house, but immediately will affect the harbor.
Now, I trust we shall not appropriate, unless it
will appear manifestly necessary and essential,
against the advice of those to whom we naturally
look for advice.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Light-House Board,
as I understand it, have given no sort of advice
upon the subject. They simply say that they
have expended all money upojn the light-house
they needed, and that nothing more is necessary
to the lighi-house. There is no dispute about
that. They do not give any advice or opinion
about the pier, one way or the other. That was
not within their jurisdiction; and gentlemen may
dismiss, therefore, from their minds all idea that
this is disapproved by the Light-House Board.
They neither approved or disapproved. They
expended all that was needed for the light-house,
and there stopped, and said that was all that was
necessary. They said nothing about the pier.
The question comes back exactly to what I said:
by a misapprehension, $30,000 was appropriated
to the light-house, and $10,000 for the pier; the
pier was put under nobody's care particularly; the
Light-House Board expended $10,000 on the light-
house, being all that was necessary on the build-
ing, leaving §30,000 unexpended; and now, what
is asked is, that that may be applied<o the pier.
In my judgment, you must so apply it, or your
light-house will go down, sooner or later. It
surely cannot stand when the whole foundation is
knocked out, as it will be, unless some such ap-
propriation is now made.
Mr. SIMMONS. "We arc told by the Senator
from Florida that there is a Light-House Board that
have been traveling through Europe for seeming*
the best lights and comparing the different lights.
Although they may be very scientific men, I do
not believe that their opinion about building a
stone wnll is any better than if they knew nothing
about a light-house.
Mr. MALLORY, In reply to that, the Light-
House Board have constructed very extiaordinnry
structures throughout the country. They have
put screw-pile lights,eightand ten miles from the
land, on our coast. They are going on in a man-
ner entirely satisfactory to the country. They
call on us annually, and make recommendations
for this purpose; and I ask the Senator from
Rhode Island, why go beyond that?
Mr. SIMMONS. ! do not say anything against
the Light-House Board. They have done their
duty well. I am not complaining of them.
Mr. llAMLIN. I desuo the Senator from
Florida to tell me What has been the eost of the
unction of certain light-houses on the coast, un-
der this Light-House Board of which he speaks?
Mr. MALLORY. I have not taken note of
the eost, and 1 cannot tell.
Mr. HAMLIN. Several hundred thousand
dollars.
Mr. MALLORY. I will say that I do not
know that any money has been improperly ex-
pended. The light-houses have been very expens-
ive structures, because built upon the edge of the
great ocean, where they were required. But for
this light-house, the pier probably never would
have been constructed. I do not know of a sin-
gle cent that has ever been extravagantly or inju-
diciously expended by them.
Mr. KING, 1 stated, when I was up before,
that this light is essential to the safe navigation
of that lake. The Representative for that dis-
trict, for whom I sent with reference to the mat-
ter, informs me—and I mention the fact that
Senators may see that this is not an unimportant
point, but one of the most important on that
lake—that the value of its commerce last year, by
actual returns, was $35,000,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendment made in Com-
mittee of the "Whole, on striking out the second
section of the bill, in relation to the pier at Os-
wego.
Mr. DURKEE. I desire to say that I have
paired off on this question.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
lesulted—yeas 29, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Bajard, Ikagtr, Blight, Brown, Cling-
man, Davte, Fiteh, Fit/.patrick. Gieen, Gwm, Hammond,
Hemphill, Hunter. Iver-on, Johnson of Aikansas, Lane,
Latham, MaiJory. M.eon. Nnho^on, Polk, Powell, Pu<?J),
lUce, SauNbury, SluMl, Toomhs, Wigiall,and Yulee—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Chandler, Clark,
Coilamer, Dixon, DooIittle,'Fessen<!en, Foot, Foster. IJaie,
Hamlin, Harlan, Kennedy, King, Simmons, Suinnei, Ten
Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—22.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. SLIDELL. I now make the motion that '
the Senate take a recess until six o'clock. By y
that means we shall be enabled to finish the bill
to-night.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Senate take a recess until six o'clock.
Mr. SLIDELL. Various Senators suggest half
past six. Oh no; six o'clock."] Very well;
let it be six.
Mr. WIGFALL. Before the question is put, I
ask leave, with the consent of the Senate, to intro-
duce a bill, in order to have it referred.
Mr. HAMLIN. I object.
The motion of Mr. Slideix was agreed to;
there being, on a division—ayes 32, noes 20; and
the Senate took a recess until six o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at six o'clock.
PETITION.
Mr. IVERSON presented the petition of Eu-
phemia M. Sinclair, widow of William Sinclair,
a purser in the Navy, deceased, praying a pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
REPORTS PKOBI COMMITTEES.
Mr. YULEE,from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 353) for the relief of Thomas R.
Livingston, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referied the bill (H. R. No. 517) for the relief
of George F. Means, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
235) for the relief of congressional township two
north of range nine west of the fourth puueipal
meridian, in Adams county, State of Illinois, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred a motion to print the me-
morial of J. D. Andrews, late United States consul
general to the British North American Provinces,
in relation to the commercial intercourse between
the United States and those provinces, under the
reciprocity treaty, reported adversely thereon;
and the report was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a motion to print lesolutions of the
Chamber of Commerce of the city of New York,
remonstrating against the passage of the bill now
pending in the Senate, giving the assent of Con-
gress to the levying of tonnage duties by the State
of Louisiana for the improvement of the Pass a
I'Outre of the Mississippi river, reported ad-
versely on the motion to print, and that the reso-
lutions be referral to the Committee on Com-
merce; which was agreed to.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. FITCH. A resolution was leferred to the
Committee on Printing, on the motion of the Sen-
ator rPom Rhode Island, [Mr. Anthoxy,] on the
subject of printing extra numbers of the mechan-
ical portion of the Patent Office report. The
facts are set forth in the preamble. Perhaps it
will be as well to state them vet bally as to read
them.
Early in the session the Committee on Printing
repoited m favor of printing certain extra num-
bers of the mechanical portion of the PatontOflh'u
report. The resolution was amended m the Sen-
ate, so as to provide for the printing of two thou-
sand for the bureau and an indefinite number, one
for every patentee, the number of patentees not
being known nor estimated. Subsequently, dur-
ing my temporary absence from the Sena'te, the
Senator from Rhode Island moved that the num-
ber thus ordered for the use of the bureau and
patentees should be diverted to the use of the Sen-
ate, leaving the bureau and patentees without any.
The resolution, which I now send to tiie d<sk,
which we report back favorably, provides forgiv-
ing those first ordered the direction then contem-
plated, and printing ten thousand for the use of
the Senate. I ask that it be considered now.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
