1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to consider the resoJution; and it was adopted, as
follows:
Whereas the copies of the annual report of the Com-
missioner of Patents on arts and manufactures, originally
intended for the Patent Office, have been diverted to the
use of the Senate, and the number ordered was indefinite:
Resolved, That ten thousand copies of said report be
printed for the tu-e of the Senate, and that the number of
copies heretofore ordered be printed for the use of the Pat-
ent Office, one copy to be sent to each patentee.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. FITCH. The Committee on Printing-have
had under consideration two bills upon the sub-
ject of a change in the present system of printing,
which were referred to them, and the resolutions
of the select committee adopted yesterday, direct-
ing- them to inquire into the expediency of re-
porting some modification of the present system,
either a leturn to the contract system, or some
other mode; and the majority report back the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 22) in relation to the
public printing without amendment; the minor-
ity reports another bill—the minority being the
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Dams.] 1 ask
that these bills—perhaps 1 had better say the bill
of the majority, for doubtless the Senator from
Mississippi intends moving his as a substitute—
that the bill of the committee and the amendment
may be made the special order for Thursday morn-
ing at twelve o'clock. I presume it will be quickly
disposed of.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope not. I do not think
we should make any special orders at this time.
Mr. FITCH. Objection is made to making the
bill the special order for Thursday. Can it be
made the special order, by general consent, fopi
Friday?
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope we shall not make it a
special order. We have a great many bills before
us.
Mr. CLARK. I suggest that we let it lie over
for the present; and it can be taken up at the first
convenient opportunity—at any time that the Sen-
ator can get the floor.
Mr. TOOMBS. There is no use of making
special orders at this time of the session.
Mr. FITCH. At the request of Senators
around me, I will not press it.
PUBLIC PRINTING INVESTIGATION.
Mr. FITCH. A resolution was referred to the
Committee on Printing relative to the majority
and minority reports of the late select committee
on the subject of printing. They direct me to re-
port in favor of printing the usual number of both
the majority and the minority reports, but against
any extra numbers.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the report of the committee.
Mr. KING. As the motion was made by the
Senator from Louisiana to print the majoiity re-
port, I think the subject had better he over until
ne comes in.
Mr. FITCH. I do not ask its present consid-
eration.
* Mr. TOOMBS. I hope it will be taken up.
Mr. KING. I have no objection.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the question will be
taken.
The PRESIDENT tempore. The question
is on concurring in the repoit of the committee.
Mr. FITCH. Perhaps, as suggested by the
Senator from New York, we had better wait for
the presence of the Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. K'NG. 1 have no objection to that.
Mr. FITCH. Both the reports were published
and disseminated broadly throughout the country
in the public press and through the Globe.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the Sen-
ator have the report he over?
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 am content.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to print will lie over.
Mr. FITCH. There was also referred to the
Committee on Printing a resolution to inquire
into the expediency of printing the journal of the
select committee. The committee direct me to
report in favor of printing the usual number, and
two thousand extra copies; the extra copies to be
bound with the evidence taken before the same
committee, which has already been ordered to be
printed. It forms a part, they think, of that
matter.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The whole
subject will lie over until the Senator from Lou-
isiana arrives.
Mr. KING subsequently said: The Senator
from Louisiana [Mr. Slidell j has now come in,
and I believe he assents to action on the report of
the Committee on Printing; and therefore I move
to take up the report made by the chairman of
that committee, and let it be disposed of. It will
take but a minute.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, Is there any
objection ? The Chair hears none.
Mr. FITCH. As the report was verbal, per-
haps I may as well state it, as the Senator from
Louisiana is now in his sent. The committee
reported in favor of printing the usual number of
the majority and minority reports, or speeches of
the late select committee, but no extra numbers;
and in favor of printing two thousand extra copies
of the journal, to accompany and to be bound
with the evidence.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the report of the committee.
Mr. PUGH. What is that?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. To print the
usual number of the reports, and two thousand
copies of the journal.
Mr. FITCH. The report is simply m favor
of printing the usual number of the reports, or
views of the majority and minority, and printing
the usual nunfber and two thousand extra copies
of the journal of the committee, to accompany the
volume of evidence which has already been pub-
lished.
Mr. HALE. And to be bound with it?
Mr. FITCH. And to be bound with the vol-
u/ne.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report
should be accompanied with a written statement.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to the report. If com-
mittees will not bring in reports in writing, I will
object to them and oppose them. We are voting
upon mere verbal statements, nothing else in the
world. 1 hope we shall not act upon this report,
but shall proceed to the order of the day. 1 am
perfectly willing to take up reports and take a
vote on them when regularly made, but not upon
oral reports that we have got to make up some
other time.
Mr. FITCH. I care nothing about it, and am
indifferent whether it bo taken up now or never.
The Committee on Printing are compelled to make
so many small reports that it would be impossible
to reduce them ail to writing; and thqy are so
short, it would be unnecessary.
Mr. TOOMBS. This matter has been ex-
plained three times in the Senate, and they do not
understand it yet. I have paid attention to it, and
do understand it.
Mr. KING. As this subject is before the Sen-
ate, I desire to make a st&hment m relation to
the two thousand extra copies of the testimony.
It was not, that I am aware of, the intention of the
committee to appropriate to their own use those
copies: but in some way the motion was entered as
two thousand extra copies for the use of the com-
mittee. 1 move that they be distributed equally
to the Senators in the ordinary manner in which
extra numbers are distributed. I desire that these
extra numbers, both of the testimony and of the
journal, shall be for the use of the Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the report will lie over
under the rule.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there ob-
jection to taking the question on the order le-
ported by the committee?
Mr. PlJGH. I do not understand the report.
I cannot understand it. One gentleman says
this is to be printed, and that, and the other. I
think, with due submission, it ought to be ex-
plained.
Mr. FITCH. T can explain it in one moment—
in much shoiter time than I could write it—to the
comprehension of the Senate. Let the question
be taken first on printing the report and views of
the majority and minority. We reported against
any extra numbers, and in favor of the usual
numbers only. That is a distinct and separate
vote, and is comprehensible.
The PRESIDENT pro ttmpore. Is the Senate
ready foi the question on concurring in that re-
port?
The report was concurred in.
Mr. FITCH. Wu also report in favor of print-
ing the usual number, and two thousand extra
numbers, of the journal) a short document to ac-
company the evidence*
Mr. SLIDELL. I have but a word to say on
this subject. It is a matter of perfect indifference
to me whether the speech, which is now called a*
report, of the Senator from-New York, should be
printed or not. The proposition was made dis-
tinctly, emphatically, to the Senator
York, to put his views, whatever they'mig-ht be,
in the form of a report. He preferred to make it
in the form of a speech. As I said before,*! think'
it was a stump speech. The report of the major-
ity of the committee was very maturely consid-
ered, and, I think, presents a precise statement
of all the facts in the case. If the Senate choose
to print the speech of the Senator from New
York 
Mr. TOOMBS. That is passed.
Mr. SLIDELL. Not at all; X beg your par-
don.
Mr. KING. That report has been adopted.
Mr. SLIDELL. Then I have no more to say."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the report to print the journal
and two thousand extra copies.
M r. SLIDELL. I will move to reconsider the
vote ordering the printing of the reports, and let
i it lie over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to reconsider will be entered.
Mr. IJOLK. I should like to know what the'
journal is that is proposed to be printed, and two
thousand extra copies.
Mr. FITCH. I will explain it to the Senator'#
satisfaction, and then I hope the matter will be
dropped. I do not care whether it is ever printed
or not. The evidence was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing,and ordered to be printed; but
it did not contain the journal of the proceedings
of the committee. That is a very brief matter,
with the conclusions to which the committee ar-
rive, and certain sundry resolutions. The jour-
nal is nothing but their proceedings, which ought
to have been attached to the evidence; but it was
not, because the committee had not closed its ses-
sions. The journal, then, consists simply of the
rccoid of their proceedings, without the evidence,
to which it ought to have been attached, and the
resolutions adopted in the committee, which are
their conclusions on the subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the Senate
ready for the question on concurring in the report
of the Committee on Printing to print the usual
number of the journal, and two thousand addi-
tional copies ?
Mr. SLIDELL. I have no sort of-objection to
that, and hope it will be adopted.
Mr. KING. I was going to add, inasmuch as
the motion was entered that this testimony was
for the use of the committee, that there be added
to this motion that the journal and testimony be
for the use of the Senate instead of the committee;
so that they may be distributed among Senators
in equal numbers. I desire to add the words:
" for the use of the Senate."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That modifi-
cation will be made, if there be no objection. The
Chair hears none.
The report in relation to the journal was con-
curred in.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move now that wo proceed
to the consideration of the unfinished business.
Mr. KING. I hope we shall dispose of the
motion to reconsider the report in favor of print-
ing the majority and minority reports. There is
no reason why they should not be printed.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to the consideration
of it now. The thing 13 going to take up time.
Mr. KING. 1 think it will take no time, ex-
cept to have a vote on the motion. I do not
i suppose there is any disposition to discuss it.
j Mr. TOOMBS. It is objected to. It has been
! discussed already for half an hour; and my pa-
tience is worn out. I yielded through courtesy,
because it was said it would only take a minute,
and there have been already three or four ex-
planations on it, while nobody cares a sixpence
about it.
Mr. KING. If a single objection can put it
aside, I have nothing to say: but I suppose, when
a subject is before the Senate by the consent of
the Senate, that a single objection cannot set it
aside, and that it can only be done by a vot§ of
the Senate.
