1930
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
mines of Pennsylvania. And here permit rac to
observe that the iron ore of New Jersey is pro-
nounced, by competent judges, to be superior to
any other, not only in this country, but in the
world. Her iron, sir, is as strong and enduring
as her people are true and steadfastto.the Federal
Constitution and our glorious Union. As her
iron rail will never break, so neither will the
attachment of her sons to the noble fabric of
American liberty ever be broken. The patriotic
sentiment which pervades and animates their
hearts is that of the great and immortal Webster,
" Liberty and Union, now and forever, one and
inseparable."
Such, then, being the high character of our
native iron, why should it not receive a fair and
liberal protection; and why should an inferior
article be permitted to usurp its place, and our
own manufactories suffered to languish and die ?
This country is the great market for the English
iron,and wc are flooded with it of an inferior qual-
ity. The ports of Europe are shutagainstit,and
hence the necessity of forcing'it into thiscountry
at any sacrificc. Russia and Sweden have heavy
duties on iron. Thus it is at once seen why Eng-
land is making every effort to break down our
manufactories, that her own iron productions may
here find a market; for if she is denied one here,
the necessary consequence would be, thatshemust
cease to be an iron-manufacturing nation. I am
unwilling, sir, that she should monopolize our mar-
ket, to the injury and destruction of our own iron
manufactures. These manufaetuies not only give
employment to thousands of laboring men, whoso
daily subsistence depends on their successful oper-
ation and permanence, but they are the potent and
operating means through which the all-important
iron metal is dug from the bowels of the eqrth and
converted to its many and useful ends. If not for
these establishments, your iron ore would lie un-
disturbed where nature placed it, and never receive
the plastic hand of American labor, and be con-
verted to those great and useful purposes for which
it was designed. It is this labor which lieedspro-
tection. It cannot compete with the pauper labor
of Europe. Will you give it a reasonable and en-
couraging protection ? Without the hand of labor,
the iron ore is valueless. But, when that labor
is applied to it, it then becomes one of the most
important and indispensable articles of manufac-
ture. In the strong and eloquent language of the
honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Montgomery :]
" IteOaboi that makes us great and independent. It
swells the mii^ of main ia) wealth. \aiuMiin national pm-
kuiIs, and makes tis a world within ourselves The hand ol
natuio Jorim d these i.uv rnatenals lor the use ol man,
bmied them out ol the way in the boweN of fhecaith,oi
oa-t ll'cm bj the nvet Mde, that man ini«ht dig liom these
gieat tieastires a^his wants required.''
I have a word or two to say m regard to spe-
cific dut'es, which were so strongly recommended
by the President in his annual message to Con-
gress last winter. 1 most fully concur with him
in his views, in piefernng specific to ad valorem
duties, wherever they can he applied. Specific
duties are adapted in an especial manner to such
articles as are sold by weight or m<asuro, and
which, from their natme,aie of equal or neaily
equal value; as, for instance, the articles of iron,
raw sugar, and foreign wines and spirits.
One of the great benefits lrsuhmg from specific
duties is, that the revenue derived from them is
more permanent, and not so fluctuating as when
the dudes are imposed on articles aecoiding to
their value. A specific duty is lixed and certain,
no matter whether the article on which it is im-
posed rises or falls in \alue. Hut not so with ad
valorem duties Again, to use Mr. Buchanan's
own language:
•• Specific duties would afford to tJie Amenean manufac-
turer the. incidental ml vantage to \\ hi< !i ho is taiiiv entitled
undei a revenue taulf. The present sy-tem is a slidimi scale
to hi> disadvantage. Undo it, when price? ate high and
business prosperous., the duties rise in amount when lie
lea-;! requires their aid On tin contiaty, when pi i<-e< fall,
and he i> ^trnjighnsagainst adveisitv,t!ie duties are dimin-
ished in the -..une piopoition greatly to his injury.
Again, .specific duties asc a great piotecuon against
tkuid upon the levonue of the Government; ai.d, in mv
deliberate judgment, the> aie the bist, it not the onlv means
ut securing the icvenue a^ainq false and fiauduiept in-
voices. and such lias h"en the practice adopted for thjj pur-
pose by othei commercial nation- "
Upon the ad valorem principle the greatest temp-
tation is held out to make false invoices, supported
by false oaths. The Government has been greatly
defrauded under this system, and the facility of
committing fraud under the ad valorem duties has
been fully demonstrated in the report of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to Congress in 1843:
" It is there shown that frauds had been systematically
perpetrated on the revenue by this means for a series of
years, by foreign importers and their agents, In collusion
with custom-house officers. The frauds detected, however,
formed a very small part of those actually committed, and
had escaped punishment. One British importer, John Tay-
ioi, jr., with the aid of a custom-house officer of the name
of Campbell, in the course of twenty-one months, commit-
ted frauds to the amount of $200,000."
The chief argument that is raised against the
protective system is, that it imposes additional
taxes upon the people, by increasing the price of
manufactured articles. Now, a word or two in
reply to this argument. I would observe that all
duties are in the nature of a tax; and if duties are
imposed at all, is it not sound policy to discrim-
inate, so as to give encouragement and protection
to home labor? In order to give this encourage-
ment and protection, it may be that some of us,
at first, have to pay alittle more for articles which
we purchase. But this does not last long, as the
protection afforded calls forth the active energy,
skill, and enterprise of the people, leading to a
warm competition in the manufacture of certain ar-
ticles, which greatly reduces therrt in price. That
this is so, we have but to look for a moment at
the past. At one time, in this country, wrought
nails, used in roofing, cost twenty cents per pound;
now a very superior article of shingle nails can
be purchased at throe cents per pound. Most of
us will doubtless recollect when sheetings cost
thirty cents per yard; now a better article can be
purchased at from six to ten cents per yard. Cal-
ico, in 1824, was sold for thirty cents per yard;
now a very superior article can be had at from five
to ten cents per yard. Kentucky jeans were sold
in 1834 for one dollar per yard; m 1836 for eighty
cents; in 1838-39 for sixty-five cents; and now a
better article can be obtained at almost any coun-
try store at thnty-seven cents per yard.
At one period wc exported all our raw cotton
to England, and it came back to us again in the
form of manufactured goods. But what is the
ease now? Why, sir, we manufacture articles of
cotton goods of a superior quality, and much
cheaper than in any other country, and supply
not only the United States, nut the English col-
onies.
The tariff of 1842 placed a duty of three cents
per pound on lead; which at once aroused greater
activity in lead mrmng, and led to the foimation
of largo companies for that purpose, and in 1846
lead sold for tlnoe cents per pound. At the time
the tariff of 1842 went into operation, but lour
manufactories of cut glass existed in this country;
but their number was soon greatly increased giv-
ing rise to the most active competition, which re-
sulted in the manufacture of glass of the finest
quality and most exquisite workmanship, which
sold at a much cheaper rate than previous to the
passage of that tariff.
And, sii, 1 might go on in the enumeration of
many articles, sueh as screws, hats, edge tools,
pins, &<•., which have all been greatly reduced in
price, in consequence of the protective principle,
which built up and protected our own domestic
manufactures. The benefits of a tariff which
wisely discriminates in favor of our own domestic
manufactures and of home labor may be summed
up as follows:
1. Such a tariff renders tis, as a nation, wholly
independent of all foreign rowers, in case of war.
If we should over be involved m a deadly conflict
with any foreign nation—with England, for ex-
ample—we then would have within ourselves the
means of national defense, and not he dependent
on the sources furnished by a commeice at any
moment liable to be interrupted or cut off. This
was one of the reasons which strongly influenced
Andrew Jackson m support of such a tariff, which
would build up and protect our own manufactures.
2. Another benefitis, that it leads to a diversity
of pursuit. All men cannotand ought not to follow
the same occupation or branch of business, for rea-
sons which ore perfectly obvious. The more va-
rious the pursuits of men, the greater will be the
display of human talent, and more numerous the
blessings and luxuries of life. The political econ-
omist teaches that nothing tends as much to in-
crease national wealth, and excite the inventive
genius and skill of man, as a division of labor and
variety of pursuits. The creation of manufacto-
ries opens up new sources for the employment of
capital and labor. It turns the thoughts of men
into new channels, drawing them off' from other
occupations, and affords still more employment to
the hand of industrious labor; and, through the
wonderful manufacturing process, the raw mate-
rial of the land is converted into new and every
vaiiety of forms, exhibiting the most inventive
talent and adding to the wealth and prosperity
of the nation.
3. Another benefit is, that a protective tariff*
furnishes a home market to the surplus products
of the country. It has been a constantly-repeated
argument of the advocates of free trade that pro-
tective duties were detrimental to the interests of
the farmer. Now, if such were the fact, I cer-
tainly would not favor them, particularly as the
district I have the honor to represent upon this
floor is largely composed of those who cultivate
the soil. But the establishment of manufactories
benefits the farmer, not only in withdrawing vast
numbers from the pursuit of agriculture, which
lessens the amountof produce, and consequently
augments its price, but it creates for him a home
market. Take, for example, the farmers in any
part of the country, in the immediate neighbor-
hood of a manufacturing town or city: and who
does n t know that they atoncc derive good prices
for their produce and have a convenient market
almost at their own door? The farmer must have
a market for his crops, and the creation of manu-
factories supplies him with one. General Jack-
son, in referring to this point, in his letter to Dr.
Coleman, April 26, 1824, remarked:
" What is the ical situation of the agriculturist? Where
ha<; the Ameiiean fanner a maiket for lu-5 surplus product?
Except tor cotton, he has neithei a foiejgn nor homo mar-
ket. Does not this cleaily prove, when there is no market
cithei at home or abroad, that there is too much labor em-
ployed in agricultuie, and thatth'3 channels (or laborshould
he multiplied? Common sense points out at once the
lemedy. Draw from apiculture the superabundant labor;
employ it in mechanism and manufactures ; thereby ciea-
ting a home market tbi your breadstuffs, and distributing
labor to the most profitable account arid benefits to the
country. Take fiotn agriculture in the United States six
hundied thousand men, women, and children, and you will
at once give a home market foi more bieadstutte than all
Europe now furnishes u . In t-hoit, sir, we have been too
long subject to the poliej of the Biita-h merchant^. It is
time that we should become a little moie Americanized*
and imtcad of feeding the paupers and laboieis of England,
teed oui own ; ot else, in <i short tune, by continuing our
present policy, we shall all he lendoivd paupers ourselves."
Let not the agriculturist, then, be disposed to
complain of the protection given to the manufac-
turing interests. Instead of its being detrimental,
it is pioductivo of real benefit to him. It creates
a division of labor, and leads hundreds of men to
engage in manufacturing pursuits, who would
otherwise be employed in tilling the soil, which
would increase the amount of produce, and, con-
sequently, lessen its price. The fewer producers
anu more consumers, the better for the farming
interest. That this is so is- at once apparentfrom
the simple question, " Suppose all men were en-
gaged in tilling the soil, and raising crops, what
would you suppose they would realize from their
labor?" Comparatively nothing, in comparison
to what the farmer now icceives for his produce.
The true interest of our people and country is
to encouragQ and promote, as much as possible,
a division of labor. The more diversified the
pursuits, the more varied the talentdeveloped, and
a greater variety added to the common stock, for
the support, comfort, and luxury of man.
These are some of the beneficial effects result-
ing from protective duties, which should lead us
to favor such a discriminating tariff as protects
and encourages our own domestic manufactures.
The hand of labor ought not to be disregarded; and
whenever the national Government can, within
its legitimate powers, strengthen and encourage it,
it ought to be done. It is labor on which the
whole wealth,prosperity, and independence of our
country depends. It is the labor of the farmer
that feeds us; that of the mechanic that gives us
a house for shelter; and that of the manufacturer
that clothes us. And, sir, whatever protection
is given to American labor, it fully repays the
Government and country. The products of the
skill and labor of the American mechanic are seen
on every hand, attracting the wonder and admira-
