1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tion of the Senator from Georgia, it was amended
to declare that the prices allowed to Messrs. Gales j
& Seaton should not exceed those established by !
the laws, then existing, regulating the public i
printing, except so far as the work might be su- i
perior. I will quote the exact words of the amend- '
ment: |
" That the prices or rates to be paid for the printing of ;
this work shall not exceed tho-n paid at present for the !
printing of the documents of Congress, including paperand j
binding, with regard to the quality and value of the mate-
rials used and the work done : Provided, That the cost of
the publication shall not exceed $340,000, and that not
more than ©25,000 shall be required for the present fiscal
year."
Under this contract, Messrs. Gales & Seaton
made a sub-contract with Mr. Wendell, whose
name has become somewhat familiar to the Sen-
ate, by which Mr. Wendell agreed to perform
this work for one half the profits which might re-
sult from it. He assumed that those profits were
forty per cent, on the $340,000, and agreed to pay
Messrs. Gales & Seaton twenty percent., making
a clear profit to Gales&■ Seaton of $68,000 on this
work, for which they incurred no responsibility,
assumed no labor, and had no control over its
direction. By the provisions of the bill, the Clerk
of the House of Representatives and the Secretary
of the Senate were directed to make this compila-
tion. In order to make this matter clear, I will j
say here that I do not agree with the Senator from
Main®. I think the true construction of that law j
warrants the conclusion that the cost of the com-
pilation is to be paid by Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I agree to that. I do not
dispute it at all.
Mr. SLIDELL. I thought you said differently.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; not about the
compilation. I admitted} we were to do that.
Mr. SLIDELL. Then Messrs. Gales & Seaton
had no responsibility and no labor in this matter. [
The whole work was to be done under the direc- 1
tion of the Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk
of the House of Representatives. That work has
been done. By a contract simultaneous with that
made with the officers of the Senate and House
of Representatives, Gales & Seaton tianbfcrred to
Mr. Wendell the performance of this duty. They
have never seen one page of this compilation. It
goes directly from the officer of the Senate or the
officer of the House—I believe it is the officer of
the Senate—to Wendell's printing office. They
have no supervision of it. They have realized a
profit of §68,000 on this job, as I choose to call it;
and when I speak of this matter I wish to repeat
what I said yesterday: I do not implicate Messrs.
Gaies & Seaton. They are gentlemen who have
always treated me with extreme couitesy and
kindness. I have no complaint to make of them |
at all. I complain of the legislation of Congress. .
I complain of the attempt that is now made nearly ;
to double a profit which was before exorbitant. I
Before proceeding to another portion of the ar- ,
gument, 1 will say that if this work had been
executed in the ordinary printing manner, in ac- i
cordance with the printing acts, under the direc- !
tion of the Superintendent of Public Printing, it :
would have cost $3,143 less per volume than it
does under the contract. The estimated number 1
of volumes is twenty-five or twenty-six. The ad-
ditional cost would be about seventy-six thousand
dollars in consequence of having g-iven this con- '
tract to Gales & Seaton, instead of having it exe-
cuted under the ordinary printing laws, and under
the superintendence of the officer in charge of that
business. There is a loss of $140,000. Now, I
shall prove to the Senate, I think conclusively,
that the amendment proposed by the chairman of ||
the Committee on Public Punting will add to this I
enormous loss to the Government the sum of at
least $60,000. The amendment proposes that the I
contract made with Gales & Seaton under the i
nineteenth section of the miscellaneous bill for the
year 1858—
ubo so modified a% to require the publisher* to defray all
lb'' expen-i'H ot selecting, compiling, andanarigmg the doc-
ument^ piopei lobe included ia that woik. Alt-o the ex-
penses binding, and of all engraving on copper, ^teel,
and wood, and for hthogiaphmsr, which inaybe considered
necess.tu by the Seeietaiy of the Senate and Oeik of ^te
llou-e o; liepie-entatives, together with the expen-os. of
piepaung full and wopei indexes for each volume. and a
genoMi U'(h'\ of the whole woik, including the volumes
contained in t!i° h!>tpmo-. and ail other contingent or in-
cident. ii e\pen.-e-; wdiiit-oever attending men publication.
And moieover, that the price to bo allowed to the publisher-*
for  aid woik Miaii be fifteen percent, pei volume less than i
the aveiage puce pei volume paid foi the fnst s eiies of the j
same, printed under the act of March 2,1831. And the said
volumes bhall bo delivered," &c.
Now, Mr President, I have here a statement,
and I presume it is equally applicable to the five
volumes that have been printed, which shows that,
under this contract, the price is $6 12| per vol-
ume. Mr. Rives, who is perfectly competent to
do this work, offered to do it for §3 33. I am not
going into that question; because this is the con-
tract, and we will take it as it stands. It is oblig-
atory on the Senate. I am perfectly willing to
carry out all its provisions. ' I am willing to ap-
propriate anyamountthat may be necessary; not
only to pay Gales & Seaton for the work already
performed, but for all the work they probably can
do in the next fiscal year. About thatsubject there
can be no question. Nobody desires to repudiate
this contract. But I will show, and I think con-
clusively, to the Senate, that, in addition to the
enormous sum which Gales & Seaton have already
realized of their contract with Wendell, of $68,000,
a pure gratuity will be given to them, by the pro-
visions of this amendment, of some sixty-six thou-
sand dollars; and I repeatmy invitation to the Sen-
ator from Indiana, if I make any mistakes about
the facts or figures, to correct me in the course of
my argument.
It is stated by the chairman of the Committee
on Public Printing, that the average cost per vol-
ume of the old series was $11 50. This amend-
ment proposes to deduct from that, fifteen per
cent.,§l 72; leaving the cost per volume §9 78.
I was under the impression that but two or three
gentlemen in the Senate and two in the House
had been employed on this work of compilation.
I think I may assume very fairly that the work
of compilation, so far as regards the Secretary of
the Senate, js' a mei e sinecure. I presume it is ;
also to the Clerk of the House. They have em- '
ployed, as assistants, three in the Senate and two |
in tiic House. I will not enter into any question !
whether these gentlemen (Mr. Dickins'and who-
ever may have been the Clerk of the House) should
not be entitled to a certain amount of compensa-
tion for their advice on that subject. I will also
assume that they have expended some labor upon
it. Then we have seven persons who have been
employed some two years on the work of com-
pilation of six volumes; five of which have already
been printed, and the gi cater pait of the compi-
lation is complete for the sixth volume. The Sen-
ator from Indiana admits that $1,000 foreach per
annum would be a fair compensation. If I have
said anything that did not occur in debate, I will
withdraw it.
Mr. FITCH. The Senator's estimate was
§1,500; but I said X was willing to put it at §1,000.
Mr. SLIDELL. Exactly. I assumed a very j
liberal sum. Under the idea that throe or four
gentlemen in either House were employed on this '
subject, I assumed, as a veiy liberal compen-;
Ration, that £ 1,500 Prr annum for woik done !
out of business houis, as an accessory entiieiy 1
to then* ordinary salary in the Senate, was voty j
abundant compensation. I find there are seven. '
I think two of them have never done anything at .
ail; but I am willing to put it down at §1,000each ;
for two years. That is §14,000 for the work of
compilation of these six volumes. Now, so far
as any intellect has been expended on the subject,
it is not worth while to talk about it at all. If any
Senator chooses to look at this compilation, he
will find, ns I said before, that it. is mere scissors ,
woik: there is no biains m it at all, and vervht- !
tie labor, in my estimation: but I am perfectly I
willing to compensate them at the rate of ^1,000 ,
a year. Well, supposing them to have been em-
ployed for two years each at a compensation of
$1,000, which i^ §14,000, the cost of compilation
would be about two dollais and thirty-three cents .
per volume. I have alieady said that, with the ■'
deduction that is proposed to be made by the re- \
poit of the committee, the co&t per volume would ■'
be §9 78. From that there is to be deducted §2 33,
and that would leave the cost of the volume £7 45. (
Under this contract, as I have said before, the
price per volume would be $6 12|. That is allow- j
mg not only all the difference between what would ' j
have been the cost of tins work, if executed by
the Public Printer, under the direction of the Su-
penntendent of Public Printing, but the profits of ^
the work, amounting to forty percent, as by agree- ;|
ment between the parties. *" |l
Here I would call the attention of the Senator i|
from Indiana to a suggestion he made yesterday
in regard to Mr- Rives's offer to do this work for
which we now propose to pay $9 78 a volume, or
rather, with a deduction, $7 45, ' Mr, Rives had
offered to do the same work for $3 33. The sug-
gestion-was made by the Senator from.Indian^
that this offer was' made by Mr. Rives when' he
(Rives) knew that the contract had already beeft
made with Mr. Wendell for the execution of this
work.# I have-here a note from Mr. "Rives, which
I received to-day, in which he says: '
"I made the proposition to Mr. Seaton to print the State
Papers on the 11th of June, 1853. The act was not passed
or approved until the next day, on the 12th ot June, 1658."
Now, I will ask what is tfie inference to be
drawn from that fact?—a fact which, I confess,
had escaped my attention. That Mr. Wendell,
before the passage of the act, had made thcon-
tract with Gales & Seaton for the execution of
the work. Admitting, as did the Senator from
New York, [Mr. King,] whom I am sorry not
to see in his seat, the excellent good manage-
ment of Mr. Wendell in using the public money
for the purpose of corrupting Senators and se-
curing the election of members of Congress—I
am sorry the Senator is not here—1 should like
to ask whether the fact that Mr. Wendell had
made this bargain with Gales & Seaton prior to
the passage of the act does not account for the
facility with which it was passed? That Wen-
dell was interested in the passage of the law, is-a
fact. The Senate may draw its own commenta-
ries from it. I mean to confine myself to facts.
Mr. FITCH. Perhaps it will save time here-
after for me to call the Senator's attention to the
date of Mr. Rives's offer and the date of the con-
tract. I am sorry that Mr. Rives persists in
officiously thrusting himself before the Senate in
this matter of printing upon every occasion,
j Here is his offer m print, the first time it was ever
; made, accoiding to his own statement, direct to
; Gales & Seaton. He says in this that he made
a similar statement to Reverdy Johnson some
i time previous, but not to the parties directly in-
, terestcd. This is his offer on June 11, and here
! is the contract.
j Mr. SLIDELL. The 12th of June,
j Mr. FITCH. This was dated on the 11th of
; June, 1858, in which Mr. Rives uses this language:
| " Seveial of \ our friends have, fiom time to time, taid to
j me that tboy were glad that Gales & Seaton had procured
| a good job by getting the printing of the State Papers, and
, I replied that they could not makeaojthing worth while on
1 it, because the price, I understood, was limited to the priee
1 paid for Congress pimtmg, and no peison here could, ox-
; cept Mr. Wendell or my self, who are compelled to keep
hands under pay during the recesses of Congress. I do not
now jeeollect the name ot but one person to whom I made
such a reply—Hon, Reverdy Johnson. ' Situated as I am,
and being to circumstanced,' [ would be willing to set up
the u pe, sfieonpe, punt, and bind the State Papers for
you at the late of $3 33 per volume of nine hundred pages."
And not furnish the paper. He says nothing
of the paper. The present publishers furnish the
paper, which is a very large item of cost, not in-
cluded in Rivcs's offer; and subsequently Mr.
Rives, when recently asked by the Senator from
Louisiana to make an estimate, reports that the
book cost five dollaisand fifty-odd cents, showing
the little reliance to be placed upon any calcula-
tion connected with his previous offer. Here is
his report, which I will read presently. The Sen-
ator has made this matter a specialty, and I am
sorry that he is not better informed.
Mr SLIDELL. The Senator from Indiana is
altogether mistaken.
Mr. FITCH. 1 read from the evidence.
Mr. SLIDELL. Well, the Senator has not had
the good, 1 should rather say the bad fortune o£
having served upon the committee of investiga-
tion for six or seven weeks. 1 know this matter
from beginning to end, and I am very sorry that
I do know anything about it. It is a great mis-
fortune that I have been placed in a position in
which I am obliged to expose this affair. I regret
it. I have no sort of fondness for this sort of dis-
cussion at all; but I am performing what I con-
sider to be a high and very painful public duty.
I know I am right about the facts.
Mr. FITCH. I wish to understand, Mr. Pres-
ident, whether the Senator from Louisiana dis-
putes the statement I made relative to Rivcs's es-
timate of the cost of the work.
Mr. SLIDELL. I do.
Mi. FITCH. Was not his estimate taken be-
fore you in the investigating committee?
