1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOffE.
mm
tion of the world. If any one doubts his sur-
prising ingenuity, just let him step into the Patent
Office of Washington city, and there witness every
kind of invention, marked by the highest talent.
There is furnished full proof that the American
mechanic is among the first in the world, and his
genius and labor have added much to our national
renown.
It is such mechanical genius and labor that ex-
cites our warmest interest and demands protec-
tion. And while we boast of our nation's freedom
and widely-extended domain, let us also be able
to boast, of our great advance ill American manu-
factures. Will we afford these manufactories pro-
tection , and gladden the hearts and nerve the arms
of the sons of toil? or will we permit them to
struggle on disregarded and without our protect-
ing care ? In the days of Washington, and Jef-
ferson, and Madison, and Monroe, and Jackson,
they found a warm friend and protector. These
great and patriotic men never turned their backs
upon the American mechanic and laborer, and ne-
glected the home industry of the country. Let
us, then, imitate in this respect, at least, their
bright and illustrious example; and say to the
hand of labor, work on, work with a will, for the
national Government will aid and protect you.
Mr. NIXON addressed the committee in sup-
port of the tariff bill. His speech is withheld for
revision.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Bingham hav-
ing taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr.
Curtis reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had had under consid-
eration the Union generally, and particularly
House bill No. 333, to provide for the payment
of outstanding Treasury nates, to authorize a
loan, to regulate and fix the duties on imports,
and for other purposes; and had come to no con-
clusion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. FLORENCE, (at
half past four o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, May 5, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
WATCHMAN 1'OR WASHINGTON STATUE.
Mr. TRAIN. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds to ask unan-
imous consent of the House for the introduction
of a joint resolution providing for the employ-
ment of a watchman to protect the equestrian
statue of Washington, and for other purposes.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The only object of that
is to create a place. There is no necessity for it,
and I object.
Mr. TRAIN. If the gentleman from Georgia
will hear the correspondence read.between the
Commissioner tmd the Secretary of the Inte-
rior 
Mr. CRAWFORD. It is a matter of perfect
indifference to me. The idea of employing a man
at six or eight or twelve hundred dollars a year
to do nothing but sit there and watch that statue,
is to me the most outrageous idea. It is a dis-
grace to the country.
Mr. TRAIN. If the gentleman will hear me a
single moment, I know lie will withdraw his ob-
jection. Ther; is now no protection for the statue,
except a little low paling of wood. The grounds
and shrubbery have been injured by the neces-
sary arrangements made for the inauguration.
There is a balance remaining of the appropriation
made for the inauguration, of §1700, which will
repair the grounds and shrubbery and fence, and
pay the watchman till such time as Congress
makes a permanent arrangement for the protec-
tion of the statue. All we desire is, to authorize
the Commissioner to apply the balance of appro-
priation to the object stated, until Congress can
make permanent provision for the protection of
the grounds.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I cannot withdraw my
objection. There is not a man in the Republic,
necessary; or if it be necessary, then it is disgrace-
ful to the country that it should be so.
Mr. TRAIN. Does not the gentleman from
Georgia want to keep these public grounds in
proper repair?
Mr. CRAWFORD. I do not object to that.
Mr. TRAIN. Then allow the resolution to
pass which I have reported.
Mr. CRAWFORD. You state that $1,700 of
the appropriation for the inauguration of the eques-
trian statue of Washington remains unexpended;
and you seem now agonizingly unhappy to have
it expended. [Great laughter.] I insist on my
objection.
COOLY TRADE.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House for leave to introduce a resolution. I
trust that there will be no objection interposed
until I can have an opportunity to say a word on
the resolution.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United State-* be re-
quested to communicate to the House of Representatives
any iniarm.Uion recently received respecting the Chinese
eoot}1 trade, which lias not heretofore been communicated
to Congress.
Mr. JONES objected.
Mr. ELIOT. Our commissioner to China has
just sent information to the Secretary of State—
information which it is very important should be
communicated to this House. The information
is now being copied for the use of Congress.^
Mr. JONES. I do not withdraw my objection.
Mr. ELIOT. My resolution is introduced with
the consent of the Department.
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope objection will be
withdrawn to the introduction and adoption of
the resolution.
The objection was not withdrawn.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. MALLORY. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. 1 was absent on Tuesday last, when the
honorable gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ali.en]
made a speech, in which he explained his reasons
for having refused to vote for the distinguished
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Smith] as
a candidate for the office of Speaker. My atten-
tion was called to a paragraph in that speech this
morning, and I deem it due to myself and my con-
stituents, that it shall not pass without some no-
tice from me.
Mr. JONES. Is that a question of privilege?
Whrn the gentleman gets the floor in proper time
he can answer the speech of the gentleman from
Ohio, but he cannot rise now and take the floor
on a question of privilege.
Mr. MALLORY. I wish to refer to a para-
graph that affects my constituents.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has frequently
decided, during tlieprcsentsession, that newspaper
paragraphs in reference to members are not in the
nature of questions of privilege.
Mr. MALLORY. I refer to the speech of the
gentleman from Ohio, as it is published in the
official report of our debates in the columns of the
Globe. He has referred to me personally. The
gentleman from Ohio is present. A few moments
ago I gave him notice that I would bring this
matter to the attention of the House.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
gentleman cannot proceed, the question not being
one of privilege.
HENRY WOODS.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to move that the Commit-
tee of the Whole House be discharged from the
further consideration of House resolution No.
32, for the relief of Henry Woods, and that it be
put on its passage.
Mr. WINSLOW. It being proposed to put
that resolution upon its passage, I object.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. FLORENCE. This is private bill day;
and as it is objection day, we ought at once to
go into a Committee of the Whole House.
Yesterday a portion of the day was taken up
with other business that properly belonged to the
consideration of the Private Calendar. We met
to-day to consider the private business, and 1 in-
sist that we shall at once proceed to do so. it
we go into committee at this tune, and devote out
time during the day to the Private Calendar, we
may dispose of a great many of the private bills.
I move that we go into a Committee of the Whole
House. - ,
The motion was agreed to. . : .
The House accordingly resolved itself into; a*
Committee of the Whole House, (Mr. Davis, of
Indiana, in the chairand proceeded, it being ob-
jection day, to consider bills on the Private- Cal-
endar, commencing where the committee left'.off
yesterday.
WILLIAM HUTCHINSON. 5
A bill (H. R. No. 373) for the relief of William
Hutchinson. _ ...
The bill, which was read, instructs the Secre-
tary of War to pay to William Hutchinson the
sum of $150, in full settlement of his claim for
compensation for services as a spy in the late war
with Great Britain.
The report shows that the petitioner was a pri-
vate in the company of Captain Noah Forrest,
which went from Harrison county, Kentucky,
during the late war with Great Britain, and served
in the Northwest in a regiment commanded by
Colonel Butler. By the order of Colonel Butler,
a company of spies was organized, and a promise
was made to the men who composed it that, in.
addition to their regular pay, they should receive
for their services as spies the compensation of one
dollar per day. The petitioner became a member
of that company, and was employed in the duty
assigned it for a period of five months, but has hot
as yet received any portion of the compensation
promised.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
METHODIST MISSIONARY SOCIETY.
A bill (H. R. No. 374) for the relief of the
Missionary Society of the Methodist Episcopal
Church.
The bill, which was read, directs that there shall
be paid, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to the Missionary So-
ciety of the Methodist Episcopal Church, the sum
of #20,000, upon filing in the proper Department
a release to the United States, to be approved by
the Attorney General, of all claim to the land em-
braced within the limits of the military reserva-
tion at the Dalles, in Oregon Territory, and of all
claim for damages for destruction of property on
or near the land by the United States troops or
volunteers, or Indians, at anytime anterior to the
date of the release.
It appears, from the report, that the claim of the
said society is for compensation for certain land
in Oregon Territory, taken by the Government
for a military post, which the society asserts that
it held under the second proviso of the first sec-
tion of the " Act to establish the territorial govern-
ment of Oregon," passed August 14, 1848. The
law provides " that the title to the land, not ex-
ceeding six hundred and forty acres, now occu-
pied as missionary stations among the Indian
tribes, together with the improvements thereon,
be confirmed and established in the several re-
ligious societies to which said missionary stations
respectively belong.
The Missionary Society of the Methodist Epis-
copal Church, prior to the year 1840,established
a flourishing and important station at the Dalles,
on the Columbia river. At least thirty thousand
dollars was expended in locating, organizing, and
supporting the station. In September, 1847, an
arrangement was entered into between the Mis-
sionary Society of the Methodist Episcopal
Church and the American Board of Foreign Mis-
sions, by which it was agreed that the American
Board should establish and sustain at the Dalles
an effective mission so long as the Territory should
remain Indian country, and should pay for certain
personal propel ty, valued at $600, and upon this
express condition; the Board should have the use
and occupation of the station, and hold the same
in trust for the Methodist Society. The American
Board entered upon the possession of the land by
its agent, Dr. Whitman, and gave a draft for the
amount agreed on, as the value of the personal
property, in the same month of September. In
December of that year Dr. Whitman was mur-
dered by the Indians, and all the whites, not only
from this but from other stations, were compelled
' to set k the settlements on the coast. The depie-
