1932
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
dations of the Indians continued; and in June,
1848, the Indian agent warned the missionaries
of the danger of remaining in the country. A body
of troops was posted at the Dalles, and held actual
control of ail the surrounding country during the
summer and fall of 1848. In June or July, 1848,
th e friends of the American Board—their principal
agent having been killed, the personal property
havingbeen destroyed, and the difficulties ofkeep-
ing up the mission having greatly increased—pro-
posed a surrender to the Methodist Society of the
possession of the property and of the draft which
had not yet been paid, ana a rescission of the con-
tract on either side; to which the Methodist So-
ciety, after some hesitation, consented. The re-
scission was effected in fact and form on the 13th
of March, 1849.
The troops continued in possession of the sta-
tion daring a large portion of the fall of 1848, and
returned in the spring of 1849. In May, 1850,
Major Tucker, with two companies of riflemen,
took possession of the station, located a military
fort there, and destroyed the houses, store, and
barn belonging to the mission; and in the same
j ear a military reserve of ten miles square, em-
bracing the land in question, was established by
order of the President. In May, 1851, two mis-
sionaries and agents of the Methodist Society re-
turned to the Dalles for the purpose of resuming
possession of the land, and reestablishing their
missionary work. They were, however, pre-
vented by Major Hathaway, then in command.
The Government has held military occupancy of
the land ever since that time. In 1854 an order
issued from the War Department to the general
commanding the department of the Pacific, to re-
duce the military reserve to an area not exceeding
six hundred anu forty acres, and to have it laid on
in such a manner as m the least dcgre« to interfere
with private rights; and in pursuance of this order
the post has been permanently located and estab-
lished, and three hundred and fifty-three and a
fraction acres of the hind originally In,Id by the
Methodist Society have been embraced wiLhin its
limits,
Mr. HOARD. I must object. There are six j
hundred acres of land there.
Mr. CURTIS. It is all right; and 1 hope the
gentleman will withdraw his objection.
Mr. HOARD, i want some one who is ac-
quainted with tlie bill to explain it.
Mr. CURTIS. I am willing to give the gen-
tleman the yeas and nays upon tlie bill in the
House.
Mr. HOARD. With that understanding, I will
withdraw my objection.
No further objection being made, the bill was
laid aside, to be reported the House with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
.TANK M. lu'CRAISIl.
An act (S. No. 65) for the relief of Mrs. Jane
M. McCrabb, widow of the late Captain John W.
McCrabb, assistant quartermaster United States
Army.
Mr. JONES. I object.
Mr. CURTIS. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw his objection.
Mr. WiiSSLOW". I desire to know if this
bill received the unanimous approval of the com-
mit tee?
Mr. CURTIS. It did obtain h leir entire sanc-
tion.
Mr. IIUGIIES. Will not the gentleman allow
the bill to be reported to the House, and there
have a vote upon it by yeas and nays?
Mr. JONES. There are twenty thousand just
such cases as this, and I do not see why the widow
of Captain McCrabb should be paid, any more
than the others. I cannot withdraw my objec-
tion.
RICHARD TV. MEADE.
An act (S. No. 56) for the relief of Richard VV".
Meade.
The bill, which was read, directs the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury to pay to
Richard W. Meade, late lieutenant in the United
Stat ox Navy, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, the sum of $566 ^0,
beingthe amount of expenses incurred by him
and his clerk for subsistence, while under orders
of the Navy Department, and detained on shore
at San Francisco, from the 15th of July to tlie
30th of September, 1849,less the amount already
received by them for commutation of their rations
during the same period.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
joiin a. frost.
A resolution (S. No. 7) for the relief of the le-
gal representatives of John A. Frost, deceased.
The bill, which was read, directs that the pro-
visions of the first section of the act entitled "An
act for the relief of the forward officers of the late
exploring expedition," approved February 1,
1849, shall be construed to embrace the claim of
John A. Frost, who was acting boatswain of the
United States brig Porpoise in that expedition,
from January 1,1839, to July 7, 1842, and that
the amount found due to him shall be paid to liis
legal representatives.
No objection being made, the resolution was
laid aside, to be reported to the House with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
captains hudson and sands.
A resolution (S. No. 16) authorizing Captains
William L. Hudson and Joshua R. Sands to ac-
cept certain testimonials awarded to them by the
Government of Great Britain.
The resolution, which was read, authorizes
Captains William L. Hudson and Joshua R.
Sands, of the Navy of the United States, to acccpt
the snuff-box and medal recently transmitted to
this Government by the Government of Great
Britain, to be presented to each of them, as me-
morials of their services in laying down the At-
lantic cable.
No objection being made, the resolution was
laid aside, to be reported to the, House with a
recommendation that it do pass.
DAVID D. PORT Kit.
An act (S. No. 57) for the relit?/ of David D.
Porter.
The bill, which was read, directs the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury to pay to
David i). Porter, a lieutenant in the Navy of the
United States, the sum of $743, for ecitam ex-
traordinary expenses mcuired b him m the dis-
charge of his duty, under the oruors of the Navy
Department, on special seiviceto the island of
St. Domingo.
No objection being made, the bill was laid
aside, to bo reported to the House with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
IIIRAM PAULDING.
A bill (fl. II. No. 375) for the relief of Hiram
Paulding. [Objected to by Mi. Curry.]
INDIAN' DEPREDATIONS IN NEW MEXICO.
A bill (H  R. No. 376) providing for the ex-
am ination of claims for Indian depredations in the
Territory of New Mexico. [Objected to by Mr.
Feiiry. J
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to know the grounds
upon which objection was made. If it was upon
the ground that it, is a public bill, the bill should
be reported to the House and placed upon the
Calendar of the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. I make this suggestion as an
act of justice to those who have suffered from
Indian depredations.
Mr. FERRY. I have no objection to that.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
DAVID V. "WHITING,
A bill (H. R. No. 377) for the relief of David
Whiting.
The bill and report having been read,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, said: It will be seen
by th? committee that that bill repeals existing
resolutions, and involves a general principle. If
that principle be right, the law ought to be re-
formed; and I must object to it for that reason.
REUBEN AND 11HODA II. CHAMPION.
A bill (H. R. No. 373) for the relief of Reuben
and Ithoda Champion. [Objected to by Mr.
Gautheij,,]
Air. TOMPKINS. I move that the committee
do now rise. There is no use m remaining in
committee when objections are made to every bill.
Mr. GARTRELL. If the gentleman was pay-
ing attention, he would know that objection is
not made to every bill.
The question was taken; and the motion was
not agreed to.
tousant lavaitn'way,
A bill (H. R. No 379) for the relief of Tousanfc
Lavarnway. [Objected to by Mr. Jones.")
susannah scott.
A bill (H. R. No. 380) granting a pension, to
Susannah Scott, widow of William Scott.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would state again
to the committee, that that is one of the cases
embraced in a bill reported, or to be reported, in
which the general policy in such cases is to be
established. I object.
joiin forrester's children.
A bill (H. R. No. 381) for the relief of the sur-
viving children of John Forrester, a soldier of the
Revolution.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It will be seen, Mr.
Chairman, that the principle in that case is ex-
actly the same as in the other cases to which I
referred. I object.
james saxton.
A bill (H. R. No. 382) for the relief of James
Saxton, a soldier of the Revolution.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The same principle
is involved there. I object.
charles w. brooks.
A bill (H. R. No. 214) for the relief of Charles
W. Biooks, of New York,
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of Charles W.
Brooks, of New York, on the invalid pension
roll at the rate of eight dollars per month, and to
pay him at that rate from the 1st of January,
I860, and continue during his natural life.
The report was read. It appeal's therefrom
that Brooks was a private in Captain Kimball H.
Dimmick's company B, of the second regiment
New York voiuuteeis, which su ved in California
during the Mexican war; that he enlisted in the
summer of 1846, and served until the end of the
war, in 1848, when he was honorably discharged;
that while in service in California, and in the line
of his duty, he incurred an injury or disability,
which has ever since rendered' him incapable of
performing physical labor; that in the month of
July, 1847, Brooks was detailed to serve in the
quartermaster's department, and while serving
therein was much of the time employed, under
the direction of his superior officers, in transport-
ing stores with wigon and cattle from San Fran-
cisco to the barracks, some three miles from the
coast; that at night the cattle used by him were
turned loose among the chaparral to feed, and
would sometimes wander several miles from tho
barracks; that on one occasion, hear the last of
July, 1847, and at several other times, while
Brooks was hunting for the cattle, by the orders
of his superior officer, he was poisoned while
riding through the chaparral by unavoidably
coming in contact with a bush or plant, called in
California the "poison tree;" that for several
weeks he was confined to his room, during which
time his legs and arms were badly swollen, his
eyesight nearly destroyed, and his limbs and body
covered with sores; that his health became some-
what better, so as to enable him to resume his
duty, and to serve until the close of the war; but
he never recovered his health entirely, and has
been almost continually sick from that time to the
present from the effects of the poison, and his
general health is now totally broken down and
destroyed m consequence of it; that in September,
1849, he returned to his home in Chenango county,
New York, and has ever since been unable to
labor.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
sutton m. young.
A bill (H. R. No. 383) granting a pension to
Sutton M. Young. [Objected to by Mr. Jones.]
SYLVANUS BURNIIAM.
A bill (H. R. No. 384) for the relief of Sylvanus
Burnham.
The bill authorizes and requires the Secretary
