2876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
Mr. SLIDELL. Exactly. If the Senator will
permit'me, I\vill explain that.
Mr. FITCH. Very well. The Senator should
not have asked me, then, to correct him as he goes
along.
Mr. SLIDELL. I am very much obliged to the
Senator for doing so, and I shall be very happy
to be corrected. The estimate made by Mr. Rives
is based upon the prices established by the con-
tract. There is another estimate made by him
and Mr. Towers, based upon the estimate of the
law—what would have been the cost under the
contract with Gales & Seaton, which nobody de-
sires to dispute or repudiate at all, and the cost
had the work been executed in the same manner
as the ordinary printing. It is a matter of indif-
ference to me what may be the figures to which
the Senator refers. It is the one or the other.
Mr. FITCH. With the Senator's permssion,
it is both. Here is Mr. Rives's statement, in an-
swer to a question put by the Senator himself:
" Question. Have you made an examination of the fou rth
volume of Ameiican State Tapers since your lust examin-
ation ?
" -Answer. Yes, twice.
" Question. With a view of calculating what it would
cost at the prices fixed by Congress ?
" Jinswer. Yes, sir.
<l Question. You have examined it carefully ?
" Answer. Yes, sir; and I have made a detailed state-
ment."
He makes out an estimate of one volume at
$5 33, and another smaller volume at $3 72. The
other estimate, made by Mr. Towers, taking the
price of paper into consideration—and that is the
estimate which I gatfc the Senate yesterday—is
$6 84 or $6 86 per volume. That is the estimate
of Mr. Towers,a wholly disinterested man, hav-
ing no prejudices of any kind, and no personal
piques to gratify. That estimate was made before
this committee of investigation.
Mr. SLIDELL*. The Senator and I do not differ
at all; not the least in the world. The very figures
he quotes I am willing to rely upon. Mr. Towers
and Mr. Rives both made an estimate: one, of the
cost of these volumes under the printing act, if
the work had been executed under the superin-
tendence of the officer charged with the duty; the
other, made under the contract. Their estimates
do not differ. Mr. Towers—and I take his esti-
mate as being rather more favorable to the posi-
tion of the Senator from Indiana—made the cost
of two volumes, that were taken indiscriminately,
one $10,836; the other, #14,681; amounting to
$24,517 for two volumes—making $12,258, or
$6 12| per volume. If it had been performed
under the printing law, the cost of the two would
have been $18,230; making a difference of $6,286,
or $3,143 a volume, if u had taken the ordinaly
course of public printing.
Now the Senator from Indiana has stated, and
I have no doubt correctly, that this amendment
docs not profess to, and does not, in terms, give
what was the average cost of the first series of
this work by Gales & Seaton; but I will assume
his estimate to be correct, and 1 have no doubt it
is. It is §11 50 per volume; and taking off, as I
said before, $1 72, leaves ^9 78 per volume; and
then taking off the highest possible rate for the
cost of composition, would leave them $7 45 a
volume for this work. As i have shown, the cost
per volume under the contract, extravagant and
exaggerated as it is, is $6 I2|,leavinga difference
of $1 33. The whole number of volumes, ac-
cording to the calculation that has been made, at
$340,000, would be twenty-five m number; two
thousand of each would be fifty thousand copies;
and $1 33 per volume, the additional gratuity
given to Gales & Seaton on a contract on which
they have already realized $68,000, would make
$66,500. If there is any mistake m the figures,
1 should be very happy to have them pointed out.
If the Senate is disposed, after what I consider a
very—I do not know what kind of term I should
use-*—reckless act, after having conferred a gra-
tuity, without any equivalent, on Gales & Seaton
of §68,000, to give them $66,000 in addition, I
have nothing further to say on the subject.
Mr. FITCH. If any other Senator desires to
.speak against this amendment, I should prefer
him to go on for five or ten minutes, and 1 will
then answer the Senator from Louisiana, in order
to save time.
Mr. FESSENDEN, I have one single sugges-
tion to make. I intended, though not with so
much minuteness, to oppose this proposition, for
the reasons that are stated by the Senator from
Louisiana. I have not made so minute an exam-
ination; but I have made an examination suffi-
cient to satisfy me that they must make fifty or
sixty thousand dollars out of this additional con-
tract now proposed to be given to them. There
is no ground upon which they can get it, except
simply on the ground of making indexes, which
is not imposed upon them, perhaps, by the ori-
ginal contract; but that is a trifling matter in
amount; because it is very clear, on examination,
that the lithographing, engraving, and everything
of that sort, comes within their contract now.
There can be question about that at all.
But, sir, one thing we guarded. We guarded
it with reference to the amount of matter to be
printed by keeping it under the hands of our own
Secretary and the Clerk of the House. They were
to furnish the material to make the compilation,
and we did it for this reason: that the matter
should be properly Selected, and that we should
not be burdened with a great amount of volumes,
running on indefinitely, we did not know how
long or how far; and we guarded it by restricting
the whole amount to $340,000. This proposes to
take off both restrictions. It takes oft' the guard
of $340,000.
Mr. FITCH. No.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly it docs, because
we give them an additional price. It must neces-
sarily go beyond what it is at present. If you
will putin now,attheend of this proposition, that
the whole amount to be paid for such work shall
not exceed the original sum named, of $340,000,
there is the end of my opposition to it, and they
may make as much work as they please; but it
cuts it off entirely
Mr. FITCH. Oh, no.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly it does, because
it says they shall receive for the woik the original
price, less fifteen per cent., and they exceed very
much—and must exceed—the $340,000, necessa-
rily, because it comes up to that amount now.
Hut, sir, we have taken off the other guard also;
and that is the guard upon our clerks, and those
employed by the clerks, with regard to the selec-
tion. They are now our agents. We pay them
for the selection. Wo impose an additional bur-
den upon them. We may pay them what we
please. We are masters of their time. They are
on salaries. 1 am willing to be generous to them.
But by this proposition they are made the ser-
vants and agents o{ these persons who are to pay
for the woik. They are to pay them for the work
by express terms. The eleiks ate to be their ser-
vants, then agents. We shall lose all control
over them. Tney must do the business, and serve
them, and not us. Thus this pioposition will
remove both restiictions with reference to the
amount—the amount to be published, and the
sum to be paid.
Mr. FITOII. Mr. President, before I answer
the only point made by the Senator from Maine
on winch he places much stiess, I desire to coi-
rect an error which 1 was enabled to detect to-day.
Yesterday's debate drew my attention to it. i
had estimated the aveiuge amount per volume
paid the publisher for the old series at near eleven
dollars and fifty cents. That estimate was made
upon a copy of part of their original account,
which copy gave me the price of the lowest-priced
volume and the price of the highest-priced volume,
and it was from the price of these extremes that
estimate of the average piice was made. By dil-
igent inquiry, howevei, i have to-day been en-
aoled to.find the original account for this woik, as
settled by our Secretary, on fileamongour'musty
archives, and I find that the average price paid
for the old series was $10 05. The amount is now
before me. The effect, therefore, of tins amend-
ment is to reduce the price to Gales & Seaton,
probably below yesterday's estimate. Aware that
a misunderstanding had occurred by means of the
partial copy of the account already referred to,
I and that the committee had possibly done the pub-
! lishers injustice, 1 took the liberty to-day of send-
j mg for Mr. Seaton, and stating the discovery of
: the entire account, and that the average per vol-
! ume which it showed would make the amount,
! by this amendment, less, several cents on the vol-
i ume less, than the committee had supposed, and it
j was for him to say whether he would accept the
I amendment under such circumstances or not. £Ie
appeared to be somewhat surprised at this reduc-
tion of the average price. In view of all the facts,
however, he concluded it would be better to ac-
cept the modification as presented, rather than to
be dependent upon the mercy of Congress, from
session to session, for appropriations. Further-
more; there will be an advantage to the publishers
by their acceptance of this modification, which
any gentleman can see; but which is equally an
advantage to us. As I remarked yesterday, the
advantage to them is, that they may, by making
the clerks better payments as to time than we will,
induce them to devote more time during the recess
to the compilation of the work, and we shall be
able to get four, five, or six volumes a year, in-
stead of two or three, with but little, if any, addi-
tional cost per volume.
The Senator from Maine has said that we shall,
by the amendment, be deprived of supervision
over the"work through our clerks. The Senator
sure'y has not compared the original law with
the amendment. It is imperative, by the original
law, on the Secretary of the Senate and Clerk of
the House to compile this work. They are not
compelled to employ their own clerks. The
amendment makes no change in this respect
Gales & Seaton can make a contract with other
clerks, or with ours; but the supervision is in
either case with our Secretary and the Clerk of
the House. I will not question the integrity of
our clerks; but we will suppose, for instance, that
they are going on with this compilation from year
to year, knowing that they are to be paid double
salary by us. It will be seen by the Senate at
once that there is no inducement to the clerks to
hurry the work. They are getting double salaries
while they are engaged on it, and may spin it out
for ten years, and make a thousand or fifteen hun-
dred dollars a year during the whole period. If
Gales & Seaton induce them to do the same work
in two years, they gain by it,and so do we. It was
this consideration which governed the committee.
There was an uncertainty in the law as it stood,
and the committee prcfeired a certainty to an un-
certainty. The whole thing rests upon that.
As to the repeal of the clause limiting the
amount, the Senator from Maine is decidedly mis-
taken. That is a proviso, a separate and distinct
proviso, that this amendment does not allude to
or include in any way or form.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is inconsistent.
Mr. FITCH. Inconsistent with what? In-
consistent simply with the price to be paid for
each volume. Neither the first law nor the amend-
ment fixe?} the number of the volumes. The ag-
gregate amount of their cost is limited. That
cannot exceed the limitation in ioto there pre-
scribed. Whenever the cost comes up to that
amount the publication stops, unless Congress
orders it anew. That limitation certainly is not
touehed.
The testimony of Mr. Towers, Mr. Wendell,
Mr. Ilives, &c., before the sclect committee, has
been referred to. I wish to call attention to Mr.
Towers's estimate, because it corresponds so
closely with mine. My estimate was $6 86, and
his is $6 84 per volume. We had the price of the
lowest-priced volume and the price of the highest-
priced volume, and 1 took it for granted that be-
tween those I should find an average; but when
the cost of the whole twenty-one volumes is footed,
I find the two extremes do not give the aveia^e.
The average of the whole twenty-one any gentle-
man can figure outfor himself. Here is the amount
paid to Gales & Seaton, $158,339 71, and their
receipt. It gives an average of $10 05 per volume.
Mr. SLIDELL. I hope the Senator from In-
diana does not find fault with me for quoting his
own estimate.
Mr. FITCH. My estimate of yesterday was
! from the data I had then, namely, the price of the
lowest-priced volume, $8 48, and the highest, I
believe, $14 42, which would leave an average of
about$ll 46 or $11 47; in round numbers, $11 50.
When, however, we come to add the aggregate
cost of the whole; twenty-one we find that the two
extremes do not give the true average. The true
average—and i am indebted to one of our clerks
for its discovery—would be the one furnished by
their own books. They would go there for the
average of course, and the average it appears is
$10 05.
Mr. TOOMBS. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question ?
