988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
a fund creatcd, gut of which these bills may be
paid just as fast as they are presented, and the
appropriation may be made years before. I hope
this amendment will not be voted down, but I
presume it will be, as Congress are rather dis-
posed to get rid of all the labor and responsibility,
they can and give it over to the court. If this
amendment be rejected, as I suppose it will be, I
shall offer another, to the effect that no claim shall
be paid out of any general appropriation passed
before the claim receives the sanction of the Court
• of Claims, and is estimated for by the Secretary
in his estimates. I hope this amendment will
prevail,
Mr. BAYARD. I hope the amendment of the
honorable Senator will not prevail, because I think
the principle of the bill will be entirely defeated
by it. I am unable to reconcile to any argument,
nor have I heard any principle stated, on which
the Congress of the United States have the au-
thority (1 do not say have not the power, but they
have not, legitimately, the authority) to decide
judicial questions. If there is a valid claim against
the Government, I say it is a judicial question.
I know they have assumed the power; I know it
has been the past history of the Government—
not its early history, for Congress originally re-
ferred all cases of claims of that kind to the dif-
ferent Departments. They did not act upon them
by committees, as they did subsequently. Sii-}
if there is a dangerous power in a government, it
is the assumption by the legislature of the right
to inquire jnto private claims, and pass on their
individual merits. No other Government docs it.
It is not the administration of justice. It is the
administration of the caprice of a body of legis-
lators who cannot half examine the claims. It
introduces the utmost corruption into legislative
bodies. That I am perfectly satisfied of. Have
we never heard such charges made, Mr. Presi-
dent, throughout this country—false, doubtless,
very often; but have there been no eases in which
they were true ? Is there not, inevitably, a danger
of that kind ? Is there not the danger of personal
bias if you go to pass on individual claims ? tIs
there not danger of political bias if you pass upon
individual claims by a miscellaneous body, which
is a political body in its character? Do not you,
in other words, strike at everything like justice,
when you attempt to administer justice in a legis-
lative body ? Is your Constitution all a fraud upon
common sense, when it provides for a distinction
of coordinate branches—the judiciary, the exec-
utive, the legislative branches ? Does it notmean
that the functions appropriated to these branches
shall be transacted by them? On whatfprinciple
can it be that if there is a claim which, m justice,
ought to be paid, the facts which constitute that
cla4m, and the application of the principles oflaw
on which it is grounded, should not be a judicial
question as much between the State and the citi-
zen as between citizen and citizen ?
'Now, sir, because you have hitherto retained
this control, lias it benefited the country? I do
not speak of the annoyance of members, though
it has been an annoyance; I do not speak of the
delay it occasions in the investigation of matters
of general interest to the country, what is called
general legislation, though it interferes with that
also. You havo every session, since I have been
a member of the Senate, one day of the week set
apart for the sole consideration of private bills. It
is not the proper duty of a legislative body; and
1 think this bill intends (and I hope the Senate and
House of Representatives will sanction it) to aban-
don a power which, legitimately under the Con-
stitution, the Congress of the United States ought
never to have assumed—the right to administer
justice in individual cases.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment of Mr. Hale, resulted—yeas 9,
nays 37; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs.'Bmaham, Clay, Davis, Doolittle, Grimes,
Hale, Harlan, Johnson of Tennessee, and Wigfall—9.
NAY'S—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Benjamin, Bijler,
Bragg, Chandler, Clingman, Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon,
Douslas, Fessenden, Pitch, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Foster
Gwin, Hammond, Hemphill, Hunter, Iveison, Lane La-
tham, Mallory, Mason, Nicholson, Powell, Kice, Saulsimry
Seward, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade
Wilson, and Yulee—37.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HALE. I move, in line nine, of section four,
to insert immediately after the word "claims:"
But no claim shall be paid out of any such geneial ap-
propriation until after such claim shall have received the
sanction of the Court of Claims, and the amount been spe-
cifically estimated for in the annual estimates of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. TOOMBS. I wish to put my amendment
in rather more appropriate words than are now
employed in the proviso which has been added to
the second section, on my motion. I do not like
the phraseology that I first proposed. I desire
now to strike it out, and make the proviso read in
this wise—it meets the approbation of the chair-
man of the committee:
Provided, This section shall not apply to obligations aris-
ing under laws granting pensions or other gratuities.
In reply to the honorable Senatqr from Maine,
I will say that, as we are making the experiment
of making the adjudications of the court final, we
have a right to withhold a certain class of cases;
and where the claim does not arise from a valu-
able consideratiSn, or from a tort of Government
where tTiere is absolute injustice, or from a con-
tract, I think we may well withhold such cases
in the beginning.. Therefore I propose to reserve
mere gratuities. My object is simply that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Make it geneTral and I
have no objection to it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I propose to put this proviso
in lieu of the amendment I offered before:
Provided, This section shall not apply to obligations aris-
ing under laws granting pensions or other gratuities.
, Mr. DAVIS. I have some objection to that.
Laws allowing pensions are not gratuities exactly.
A man is enlisted, and, at the time of his enlist-
ment, it is under a law which secures to him, in
certain cases, a pension. Therefore, it is not a
gratuity. "Pensions and gratuities" woul A im-
ply that a pension is also a gratuity.
Mr. TOOM'BS. I stated that they were mis-
called pensions, in those cases, but were contracts
for service. Probably the Senator did not hear me
when I said that that class of cases are not pen-
sions at all. When a man or officer enlists under
a law which declares that, under certain circum-
stances, his wife shall receive a certain amount,
that is a contract for service. -
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the difficulty will
be obviated by saying it shall not apply to pen-
sions other than contracts for service.
Mr.DAVIS. Strike out "pensions" and leave
it "gratuities."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Except obligations under
laws granting gratuities.
Mr. TOOMBS. Well, I will modify it in this
way:
Provided, This section shall not apply to obligations aris-
ing under laws granting gratuities.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest that we might say
" pensions and gratukies."
Mr. DAVIS. We have just taken out pen-
sions, for the reason that they are not gratuities.
Mr. HUNTER. Some pensions are contracts,
and some are not; say " pensions and gratuities."
Mr. DAVIS. The purpose is to allow the Gov-
ernment to be sued before the Court of Claims,
wherever there is ft claim in equity or in law held
by an individual. I do not see why pensions
should be excluded: If the pension bureau should
deny compliance with the contract that existed,
and under which the claim was made, and the
individual should choose to go to the Court of
Claims, I do not see why he should be excluded
from doing so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason in
the chair.) The amendment will be now read as
it has been modified by the Senator from Georgia.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Provided, This section shall not apply to obligations aris-
ing under laws granting pensions and gratuities.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the amendment
by striking out the words "pensions and," so as
to reduce it to gratuities.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 hope not. There are a class
of pensions that might be excepted. I agree with
the Senator that the term " pensions " is im-
proper, and there would be no reasonin excluding
the case he puts. If he will say " pensions other
than those arising from contracts for service," I
will put it in that way.
Mr.DAVIS. Very well.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Change the phraseology
so as to read in this way:
Provided, Tins section shall not apply to obligations aris-
ing under laws granting pensions, other than original con-
tracts for service, or to gratuities.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will acccpt that.
Mr. DAVIS. Yery well.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I noticed, when I offered my
second amendment, that someone sung out, " the
same thing over again." I did not care to say
anything about it-then; but, if the Senate will
give me their ear, I think they will agree to one
amendment which I now propose to offer. I pro-
pose to insert after the word '' claims " in the ninth
line of the fourth section, these words:
Which have been specifically estimated tor by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury.
There can be no harm in that. It simply re-
quires the Secretary of the Treasury to send us
a list of the bills that he wants paid, and for which
he asks money. As the section now stands, we
may make an appropriation in advance of any
claim, and there is no possible control over it. I
desire to have the sense of the Senate on this
amendment, which simply limits the payment to
a fund which we have knowingly appropriated,
confines it to claims which have been specifically
estimated for by the Secretary of the Treasury;
just what the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Iver-
son] says the bill is flow, though he is mistaken
about it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope the amendment will
J>e voted down.
Mr. HALE. I hope it will not.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am free to say, Mr. Pres-
ident, in relation to myself, that I do not desire
even that form of proceeding which has been sug-
gested by the Senator from Georgia, the chairman
of the Committee on Claims, [Mr. Iversox.] I
desire that this Court of Claims should be a court
effective to its purpose. If it is not to be that, we
have played quite sufficiently with it already ; and
we had better dismiss it altogether. When it has
made a return of its judgments that are not ap-
pealed from, that is, below three thousand dollars,
to the Treasury, I do not desire that they should
be sent here to be acted upon at all specifically. I
desire that that should not be the case. If we act
on them specifically, it will bring back all the trou-
ble we have now, with more of obscurity than we
have at present. If we would talk about the gen-
eral principle of a court, I think we might be able,
as so man y of us are lawyers, to come at least to
a definite idea.
I know there is a prevailing notion in the world
among the people at large, that you must always
have the right to appeal from a final decision,
because it may be wrong. Well, just as long as
men are satisfied with that notion, they will always
be groping in the dark about final results. Every
final decision may be wrong; but it is not true
that therefore we cannot have a final decision.
The query comes, whether it is really advisable,
whether it -will advance the cause of truth and
justice, that we shall appeal from a court who
have heard both parties, and considered and de-
cided the case, to a body of men here who have
never heard either party, and do not know any-
thing about the case? That is the whole matter.
If you do it, you do it on the ground that it may
be that the court have decided wrong. Then you
ought to give us some sort, of security that this
body will decide right. What security are you
going to give for that? You cannot have any, in
the nature of things, that we shall decide upon
it without a hearing, without a knowledge of the
case, by appeal from a body that has examined
it, and heard both parties, aiid fully considered it.
I desire that there shall be no form in this bill by
which any sort of attack can be invited upon the
decisions, one by one. " Let us have a final de-
cision, and let us make the appropriation as the
Constitution requires, to pay the whole bill, and
if we become satisfied that this is working injus-
tice, let us dismiss the court altogether.
■ i.Mir' HAkE, I confess, sir, that I am aston-
ished, a good deal astonished, to see this move
mf- u t0 depart from the principle on
which this Government has acted ever since it
was a Government.
Mr. "COLLAMER. They have acted wrong.
Mr, HALE. The Senator says they have al-
ways acted wrong. We shall see about that. I
am surprised to sec so learned a judge as the Sen-
ator from Vermont get up and argue before the
