1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
989
Senate in favor of giving to this Court of Claims a
jurisdiction which you have always denied to your
Federal courts, to the circuit courts of the United
States, and to the Supreme Court of the United
'States. You have never been willing to yield one
iota of this control which you are now going to
abandon entirely to this court. You may go
through your circuit courts; I can find you cases
in my own district, in the first circuit, presided
overbyas learned judges as ever sat on the bench,
where suitors have gone into court under a law
compelling them to go there, sued on an official
bond, and they have filed an offset, and there has
been a judgment found in their favor to a very
largo amount; but you will not trust even your
Supreme Court to give a judgment in such a case
ns that. You will not authorize them to issue any
precept by which a dollar can be reached in your
Treasury, and that has been the uniform practice
of your Government. You have held it sacred,
and you have denied to your Federal judges of the
highest jurisdiction any power to issue any judg-
ment in such a case as that, by which one dollar
can be taken out of your Treasury.
But here, in a moment as it were, without any
intimation, the whole policy of the Government
is to be abandoned and you are to surrender to
this inferior tribunal a power over the Federal
Treasury that you have denied to your Federal
judiciary ever since you have had a Government;
and not only so; what is your rule? You have
been so jealous heretofore on this matter of private
elaims tliat you would not permit an amendment
to a general appropriation bill, that would come
from a committee or anywhere else, that should
cover a private claim. By the thirtieth rule of
the Senate it is declared that—
"No amendment shall be received to a general appropri-
ation bill," * * *" * " whose object is to
piovide for a private claim, unless it be to carry out the
piovisions of an existing law or a treaty stipulation.,J
Here your propose to abandon, not only the
whole principle m regard to the Federal courts,
but the whole principle of the action of the Senate,
ever since it was a Senate, and at one sweep to
provide beforehand that the doors of the Federal
Treasury shall be opened and that this Court of
Claims may turn the community in to help them-
selves; and you deny any jurisdiction, any dis-
cretion  .
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator let me
ask one question'
Mr. HALE. I think I shall give as much light
as is necessary without being questioned; but I
yield.
, Mr. FESSENDEN. Thequestion is, howthey
can get at money that has not been appropriated
by Congress. The proposition is to appropriate
specifically a sum to meet those claims, but when
that stops the whole thing is under our control,
by the bill.
Mr. HALE. I have asked you to provide that
the Secretary shall come in and say such a claim
has been passed by the court, and there is so
much money due, and I want money to pay it.
You will not do that; but you propose to appro-
priate beforehand just what he tells you, $>500,000
or whatever it may be. When that money is
gone, and he wants more, he is to come again witli
ageneral estimate. Is there anything in the char-
acter of this Court of Claims so peculiar that you
are in haste to give them a power over theTrcas-
ury that you have always refused to the Supreme
Court and to the circuit courts of the United
States? Gentlemen may do it if they please. I
shall vote against it in all its shapes and forms. I
should be glad to vote to abolish the courtat once.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thequestion
is on the amendment.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have tried to get the floor
once or twice to say a single word in relation to
this bill and the amendment of the Senator from
New Hampshire. It is obvious, if that amend-
ment passes, wc might as well abandon the bill.
The object of this bill is to give the adjudication
of these claims to the court, and pay them with-
out the intervention of Congress afterwards. If
wc are not willing to do that, let us vote down the
bill. If we are willing to do that, then do not
emasculate the bill by a provision which takes
from it all its virtue.
The proposition of the Senator from New
Hampshire is that we shall have a schedule of
the precise judgments to be paid. If we had that,
as the Senator from Vermont has said, it brings
us right back to where we are now—refusing
every judgment of the court. The proposition of
the Committee on the Judiciary is that there shall
be an appropriation annually made, upon an es-
timate by the Secretary of the Treasury, for the
payment of such judgments as may be rendered
during the year. The proposition of the Senator
from New Hampshire is that the Secretary of the
Treasury shall send us in a schedule every year of
the judgments already rendered, and we shall ap-
propriate for them. That is just what we are
doing now, exceptthat we are doing it better and
more efficiently than by the proposition he makes;
because we are doing it now by taking up the
bills, one by one, and examining them; whereas,
his proposition would require an examination
when we came to pass an appropriation bill. Now
I would put it to the Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Hunter,] how long it would take him to get an
appropriation bill through, if we had the appro-
priations-for the payment of the judgments of the
Court of Claims before us on the last night or the
last night but one of the session, and with a list
of each claim that was to be paid to be attacked
by any member who chose to attack it?
Again, according to the bill as it is reported,
you allow parties interest during the time they are
delayed by an appeal taken by the Government.
You provide by the bill that after the judgment
has been delivered in the court below, interest
shall run if the Government appeals, until the
Supieme Court shall have finally determined the
case. *You make the interest stop then, and on
whstt principle ? You make it stop then on the
principle that the Government is presumed to be
ready to pay; and that is the principle of the bill,
because the bill anticipates an appropriation by
Congress in advance; but if you change the bill
in that respect, then you must change the pro-
vision as to interest. If you change the bill so
that you are not ready to pay when the final judg-
ment is rendered, you must make your interest
run until you are ready to pay. You must not
on the one hand say,that you will not pay inter-
est, because the Government is presumed to be
ready to pay; and on the other hand say, that
although the Government is presumed to be ready
to pay, you will not pay until you have a further
examination in Congress. You destroy, in that
way, the whole theory of the bill. You make its
provisions inconsistent. You do no justice to the
private claimant. That seems to be really the
effect, certainly not the intention, of the honorable
Senator from New Hampshire; but he has not
made a proposition to-day the effect of which
would not be to do injustice to the private claimant.
You institute your own tribunal; you have your
public officers paid to defeat the claim; you have
a solicitor employed and paid to oppose every
man who sets up a claim; you have your judges
appointed by yourself to investigate the causes;
you prevent the payment if the amount excceds
§,3,000, unless the Supreme Court of the United
States shall again confirm it; and, after all that
has been done, the proposition is to come here
and renew the controversy by having a list of the
claims, so that any man in Congress who chooses
to pick at the court may select some particular
claim and make a speech on that. If that is the
object, let us vote down the bill. If it is not, let us
vote down the amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to ask the Senator
from Louisiana a question. Why not allow
parties who have claims against the Government
of the United States to sue in any of the courts
of the United States, instead of compelling them
to come to the capital of the nation ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. For the simple reason that
! in the first place, we provide here at the city of
j Washington an officer who has access to the pub-
lic offices, and has access to those officers who
know the circumstances under which the claims
originate; who has access to the public records,
which furnish him the means of defending the
Government against unjust claims, and whose
sole tune and attention being devoted to this par-
1 ticular business renders him more efficient to
| conduct the defense of the Government. That is
j the reason.
| Mr. GRIMES. So you have district attorneys
1 in every district of the United States.
Mr. BENJAMIN. We have not the records
in every district.
Mr. GRIMES. But by notifying the Attorney
General or Solicitor of the Treasury that those
records are required, the district attorneys can
•have a&sess to them. There have been instance?
in my own State where judgments were obtained
against the United States, as has been stated by
the Senator from New Hampshire, and yet it was
impossible for the parties in whose favor those
judgments were rendered to obtain the amounts
due, and they were obliged to apply to Congress
for an appropriation for their benefit. Now, ac-
cording to this bill, that judgment amounts to
nothing; they have still to come here and prose-
cute their claims before the Court of Claims, and
then obtain the amount that may be due to them, if
the Court of Claims shall affirm the judgment of
the district or circuit court where the judgment
was originally render^I.
As I am up, I will state that I am opposed to
placing the Treasury of the United States in the
hands of any three judges,-no matter where they
may be located. As I understand the spirit of
this bill, it provides that the Secretary of the
Treasury shall make a requisition on the Con-
• gress of the United States at the commencement
of the session, for—say twenty million dollars for
the purpose of meeting the judgments that may
be rendered in favor of citizens against the Gov- *
ernmentof the United States; where will be our
means of knowing where that money goes? Ob-
jection is made to the amendment of tlie Senator
from New Hampshire, by which Congress will
know who are the recipients of this money; but
I cannot consent, by my vote, to aid in the defeat
of that proposition. ^
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator has evidently
had no experience in this body, in relation to the
way these claims are discussed and allowed, or I
am sure he would agree with the Commiltee on
the Judiciary on the subjectrThe ideas expressed
by gentlemen are of the wildest and most extrav-
agant character. It is supposed that the demand
made by the Secretary of the Treasury for the
purpose of satisfying claims of this character, may
amount to some thirty or forty thousand dollars
a year, possibly fifty thousand, instead of twenty
millions.
Mr. GRIMES. I only stated $20,000,000 as
a hypothetical case; though I am aware that a bill
has been made a special order this morning, on
the motion of the Senator from Florida, which
involves a claim amounting to between two and
three million dollars, I am told.
,Mr. BENJAMIN. That does not come under
the bill. We have provided for it. If the Senator
will only take the trouble to read the bill through,
he will find that the bill specially provides that
the court shall have no jurisdiction over cteirns
arising out of any treaty stipulations or depend-
ent upon any treaty stipulations between the Uni-
ted States and any foreign Power, or an Indian
tribe, or arising out of any transaction between
the Government and any foreign nation. The bill
is appropriated exclusively to the determination
of cases arising between the Government and its
citizens; and it provides this, and nothing else:
that when a citizen has a claim against the Gov-
ernment which he could recover if it were against
an individual ill any court of law in the land, he
shall be authorized to sue the Government for it;
and if he can get a final judgment against the
Government after it has been defended by an of-
ficer employed for that special purpose, before
judges appointed by the Government itself, he
shall be paid, provided Congress will make a gen-
eral appropriation for that purpose; and it is pro-
vided that the Secretary of the Treasury shall ask
Congress for such an appropriation. If he were
to ask usfor $100,000, when, under the preceding
action of the court, we saw that about thirty qr
forty thousand dollars would be enough, we could
refuse to give it; we might say: " We are nof
willing to give you as much as that for this year
to await private claims; but we will wait; we want
to see what will be needed." If he asked us for
§50,000, we might think it too much, and decline
it. We retain complete control.
But, ifsuits were brought against the Govern-
ment in the manner that Senators seem to insinu-
ate, what would be the result? First, in the remote
districts and territories of the country, there would
be no access to the Government records. The
