1934
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. TAPPAN. I move that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Is it not the purpose to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union this evening, in order to take up
and discuss the tariff bill?
Mr. TAPPAN. Yes, sir; 1 understand that
that is the intention.
Mr. FLORENCE. I trust that we will go on
with the Private Calendar, and do as much pri-
vate pusiness as we can. There are other days
for the public business.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move that the
rules be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The SPEAKER. This being private bill day,
the motion to go into a Committee of the Whole
House is first in order.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the House ad-
journ.
The House refused to adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers on the mo-
tion to go into a Committee of the Whole House.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs Mallory
and Hughes were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 78, noes 23.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. FLORENCEdemanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 38, nays 94; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Thomas L. Anderson, Avery, Brab«on,
BrUtow, Burnett, John B. Clark, Clopton, Cooper, James
Crai£, Burton Craige, Ciavvford, Currv, English, Gartreil,
Holman, Houston, Jones!, Landium, Love, McClernand,
Miles, Sydenham Mooie, Niblaek, Pendleton, PlH'ljv*,
Qunrlcs, Schwartz, Scott, Simms, Smsjteton, William
Smith, Stall worth, Stevenson, Taylor, Thomas, Webster,
Wmslow, and Wlight—UK.
NAY'S—Messis. Alley, Bair, Biayton, ButTinton, Bur-
Ungame, Bumham, Butterfiold, Campbell, Carey, Carter,
Case, Cobb, Ckuk B. Cochiane, Collax, Coi)khm;,Cuvode,
Curtis, II. Wmtei Davis, John G. Davis, D«iwo, Delano,
Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Eiheridg.*,
Feiry, Floience, Foster, Frank, Gooch, Gtow, Curlev,
Hale. John T. Harris, Ilatton, Uehniek, Hoard, Hughes,
Humphrey, Hultiuns, Jenkins, Fianeif IV. Kellogg," Kil-
linger, DeWitt C. Leach, Jame« M. Leach, Lee, Loonns,
Lovejoy, Mallory, Marston, Charles I). Martin, Maynard,
Million, Laban T. Mooie, Mooihe.ul, Mori ill, Moise, Nel-
son, Olm, JN-ttit, Peyton, Porter. Reagan, Reynold-*,
Christopher Kobmsou, James C. Robinson, Seranton, Sedg-
wick, William N. H. Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stokes,
StraUon, Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins, Tiain, Tumble,
Vallandighnm. Vandever, Vci ret', Wade, Walton, Oadwal-
adei C. Was.hburn, Elliini B. Washbunie, Isiad Wash-
burn, Wells, Windom, Woodruff, and Woodson—94.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question
recurs upon the motion that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole House upon
the Private Calendar; upon which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope the demand for the
yeas and nays will be withdrawn. There is a
quorum present, and we can go into committee
and do some business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see the
gentleman present who made the call for the yeas
and nays. *
By unanimous consent, the call of the yeas and
nays was dispensed with.
The motion of Mr. Tappan was then agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House, (Mr. Davis, of
Indiana, m the ehair,) and proceeded, it being ob-
jection day, to the consideration of the bills on the
Private Calendar, commencing where the com-
mittee last left off
ISAAC CARPENTER.
A bill (H. R. No. 388) grantingdeficiency and
increase of pension to Isaac Carpenter.
The bill and report were rend.
Mr. BURNETT. I undi ;and that this is a
case in which a pension was granted by an act of
Congress. It is not the case of a pension granted
at the Pension Office. This bill proposes to in-
crease the pension and to pay arrearages. Being
opposed to that principle, 1 object.
ADA3I GAKLOCK.
A bill (H. R. No. 389) granting an invalid pen-
sion to Adam Garlock.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to amend the bill so
as to make the pension commence from, the date
of the passage of the act.
Mr. JONES. I object to the bill.
STEPHEN BUNNELL.
A bill (H. R. No. 390) for the relief of Stephen
Bunnell.
The bill was read.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to amend that bill
so as to provide that the operation of the bill
shall commence from the passage of the act.
Mr. COLFAX. I will accept of that amend-
ment, but I wish to state the facts of this case.
This claimant proved his service and his claim to
a pension in 1855. A bill for his relief has passed
this House heretofore, but failed in the Senate.
His case has the recommendation of General
Scott, and, though I think the bill is correct, I
will accept the amendment rather than the bill
shall be lost.
Mr. BURNETT. The reason why I move the
amendment is, that I am opposed to the passage
of these bills in special cases, although they may
be meritorious. If we are to adopt the principle
of granting pensions to every man who has served
in war, let us make a general law to that effect.
The report of the committee was then read by
the Clerk.
Mr. JONES. * I object to the bill.
Mr. COLFAX. 1 trust the gentleman from
Georgia svill withdraw his objection. The bill is
certainly one of great merit. No one can read the
record of the claimant's services, as reported by
the committee, without conceding this. It is rec-
ommended, too, by General Scott, his old com-
mander, to our favorable consideration, and is one
of the very few pension cases which he has thus
recommended.
Mr. GARTRELL. I hope my colleague will
not object. This is certainly a very meritorious
bill, and wc ought to consider these cases accord-
ing to their merits.
Mr. JONES. I have considered this case very
deliberately, and I object.
At a subsequent period of the session,
Mr. COLFAX said, that he would endeavor,
before this session expired, (if he could obtain the
floor on a Monday, when it would be in order to
move to suspend the rules,) to obtain the two-thirds
vote necessary to discharge the Committee of the
Whole from this bill, and to put it oil its passage.
MICHAEL NASII.
Mr. MAYNARD. There is a bill upon'the
Calendar, which we passed by yesterday, upon
objection being made. It is Senate bill "No. 63,
for the relief of Michael Nash, of the District of
Columbia. It is, as I understand from those who
have investigated it, a bill of great merit. It has
passed the Senate three times. It was objected
to yesterday by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Barr,j upon grounds wholly distinct from
its merits. I ask the committee now to take up
that bill.
Mr. BARR. I made an objection to that bill
yesterday. I have investigated it, and am sat-
isfied that it is a meritorious claim. I therefore
withdraw my objection.
No objection being made, the bill was taken up
for consideration.
The bill was read.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman who re-
ported this bill [Mr. Burnett] state what com-
pensation that officer in the penitentiary in the
District of Columbia now receives?
Mr. BURNETT. Just $100 per year more
than was given to his predecessor.
- Mr. HOUSTON. This bill covers the year
1849. What compensation has the officer now
discharging those duties ?
Mr. BURNETT. I cannot answer that ques-
tion any further than to say that the successorof
this man Nash received an additional compensa-
tion of $100 per year.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky will remember that the salaries of officers
in the District of Columbia were raised in 1850;
and that, therefore, while it may be true that the
successor of this man receives $100 more per year
than he did, yet that was not an increased com-
pensation in point of fact; because §550 per an-
num, from 1841 to 1849, was much better com-
pensation than a salary of §650 from 1850 up to
the present time.
Mr. BURNETT. This is not' the first time
this bill has been reported upon favorably. My
report of this bill was based upon the Senate re-
port of the case; the fact that this man was an
efficient officer in the penitentiary, and the state-
ment of the warden that his scrviccs were worth
that sum of money per annum. It has passed
the Senate.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I understand that
this is a proposition to increase the salary of a
man who has gone out of office, and who per-
formed duties at a price agreed upon. I object to
any such principle; and I object to the bill for that
reason.
JOHN PIPEK.
A bill (H. R. No. 391) granting an invalid pen-
sion to John Piper.
Mr. JONES. I object.
Mr. SPINNER. 1 would like very much to
explain this bill. It is a very extraordinary case.
Mr. JONES. Every case we have here is an
extraordinary case, and I object.
Mr. SPINNER. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. TAPPAN. I hope the committee will not
rise. If we go on, and all these bills to-day are
objected to, yctwe shall gam thereby, as we shall
have a better chance on the last part of the Cal-
endar.
Mr. SPINNER. I withdraw my motion.
HENRY TAYLOR.
A bill (H. R. No. 392) for the relief of Henry
Taylor.
The bill was read.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to amend that bill
so as to make the pension commence from and
after the passage of the bill, instead of the 1st
day of January, 1858.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. I object to
the bill.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the committee do
now rise; and upon that I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Eliot and
Harris, of Virginia, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 29, noes 48; no quorum voting.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope the gentleman from
Missouri will withdraw his motion, and allow the
committee to rise by unanimous consent; other-
wise we must have a call of the roll, as less than
a quorum have voted on the motion.
Mr. PHELPS. I am willing to withdraw the
motion to avoid that difficulty. I withdiaw the
motion. And now I renew it.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair,Mr. Davis, of Indiana, reported
that the Committee of the Whole House had, ac-
cording to order, had the Private Calendar gen-
erally under consideration, and had come to no
conclusion thereon.
WILLIAM P. BOUHAY.
Mr. TAPPAN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole on the Private Calendar from the further
consideration of the act (S. No. 373) for the relief
of William P. Bouhay. I desire to make a brief
appeal to the House in reference to that case. This
is a Senate bill. The man is here shuffling about
upon crutches; is very poor, and is obliged to sleep
in hovels. He is literally starving. I hope the
House will consent to discharge the Committee of
the Whole from the further consideration of the
bill, and put it upon its passage. It passed the
Senate unanimously. It only gives the man $,500.
He was crippled in the service of the country; and
I hope there will be no objection.
Mr. COBB. Every man in this House must
have seen this old man, and witnessed his dire
distress.
Mr. JONES. Every man who has a claim
against this Government, it Mrould appear, is in
a starving condition. I object.
Mr. TAPPAN. Let the report be read.
M£ JONES. I objcctto reading the report.
Mr. MALLORY. I move that the House
adjourn. 9
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust that the gentleman
j from Kentucky will withdraw that motion, in
order that the House may resolve itself into the
I Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
