990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
Solicitor of the Court of Claims here, when a claim
is presented before that tribunal, addresses himself
at once to the proper Department; the books are
thrown open; the records are examined; the clevks
arc employed, and all the evidence necessary for
the defense of the Government is near.,fct hand.*
What would you do with such a case, if brought
in California, or Oregon, or Washington, or any
distant tribunal? Evidently the Government would
be without efficient defense.
But there is another and a different objection,
far more fatal to -this idea of allowing the Gov-
ernment to be sued in any court. It is one which
would place the Treasury of the United States
entirely at the disposal of neighborhood cliques.
If you give the power to sue the Government in
the district and circuit courts of the United States
all over the United States, the cases would go
before local juries; and those gentlemen might
well profess alarm at the prospect of the disposal
of the public Treasury un3er circumstances like
those. But here the sole proposition is, that
whereas men are in the habit of coming to Con-
gress, and presenting themselves with small claims
for one, two, three, five hundred dollars—your
record has a hundred such cases just now; and
whereas these men have been in the habit, invited,
by yourselves, of going to the Court of Claims,
and making good their claims, and obtaining judg-
  ments; and whereas it has cost Congress more
time to discuss these matters than the whole of
them are worth; and whereas you have provided
all reasonable defenses-fortheGovernmentagainst
improper claims by providing first judges, ap-
pointed by yourselves, next an advocate, appointed
by yourselves, and thirdly, placing the court where
it is undei the eye of Congress, and making it a
court w'luch is limited in duration to your own
discretion, which you may at any moment destroy
by repealing the law, you have got such guards
thrown around the Treasury as suffice in warrant-
ing you in making the experiment, if experiment
you choose to consider it. I believe the bill rests
on sound principles. It is well guarded; it was
thoroughly discussed in the Committee 011 the Ju-
diciary, and I fuel confident that, if gentlemen will
allow us to make this experiment, the claims
against the Government will be adjusted on more
sound principles, they will be better guarded, the
Treasury will bo better defended than upon any
principle we have yethaduuderthis Government.
Some gentlemen around me have said, and I par-
ticipate fully ill their opinion, that, of all the tri-
bunals under'heaven that could be devised for
the purpose of adjudicating upon claims against
the Government, tins tribunal of which honorable
Senators around me are members is the very
worst.
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr. President, I have not
exactly attended to this discussion; but I suppose
the limit of $3,000 which has been spoken of is.
merely as to those cases that may be earned up
to the Supreme Court. Now, I should like to call I
the attention of the S.Miate to the objection made I
to this amendment. The Senator from Louisiana !
says, that after you have sent people to the Court :
of Claims, and they hjne adjudicated the claim,  
decided it, if we reserve Lite right to make spe- j
cifie appropriation, we shall .certainly reexamine |
every claim. That is singular. After we have ]
provided all tile means to ascertain the just bal 1
auce due to the party, because we require the Sec- J
retai-y of the Treasury to give us the items, which
he ought to do, so that we .shall know something
about the extent of the cla.nis, it is said we shall
certainly reexamine all the decisions. That is the
reason he asMgiis. .Now, I iiau: no idea of reex- !
amimng these decisions; but I think that if chums '
of any amount in magnitude are to be passed upon '
by this court, it is well enough that Congress
should know whether or not there has liot'been ]
some bad management. I can see very good l'ea- j
so'n 11) the argument of the Senator from Louisi- j
ana, that we should not examine these cases ori- |
gmally; and I believe it to be an effectual reason. I
I believe our unwillingness to go over those old i
matteis wili make us pass a thousand that ought >
not to be passed where we should reexamine one 1
case. That there is danger of some precedents !
being set that would involve this country in large [
engagements, large outlays from year to year,° I
have no doubt. I examined one decision about
two years a^o —
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator will permit
me, this bill does not repeal the section of the
former law which requires the Court of Claims
to make its report to Congress. We shall have
its report every year.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have no objection to the
interest. I think, if the Government do not pay
when the balance is ascertained, they ought to
allow interest until they pay the money; but I
think we ought to have a particular account of our
expenditures, and know what the money is appro-
priated for; we ought to have the Secretary of the
Treasury annually estimate for sufficient to pay
all these balances, and then we shall pay them. I
have no idea that that will cause us to reexamine
these old schedules and these old decisions; but
we ought to know where the money is going, and
for what purpose; and it would be no very great
trouble to publish a little book containing a state-
ment of each claim and its amount; and if there
was nothing very wrong in it, it would not be
questioned.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not intend to oc-
cupy time, but to make a single remark to my
friends who seem to be so exceedingly apprehen-
sive that dangerous encroachments will be made
on the Treasury through this court. Out of the
sixty or seventy million, to put it at the lowest,
that we expend annually, how much of it will
probably be expended under the judgments of this
court? It has been said §100,000 per annum
would exceed that which our experience teaches
us to expect. How much of your money then,
out of the sixty or seventy million that you spend,
will be the $100,009 paid under the judgments of
this court? The whole balance of the people's
money is expended upon the judgment of%xeeu-
tive officers in the Treasury Department. Which
will have the best security for being judiciously
and justly expended? Who settles all the ac-
counts which we get in return for these millions?
Executive officers, auditors, comptrollers, clerks
of every denomination.
It is upon their settlements, and payments made
in virtue of their settlements, that all your money
is expended; and yet, when you come to pay upon
the judgment of a court, which has heard the
cause openly, in the face of counsel on both sides,
upon evidence recorded, upon judgments which
you have a regular report of, and upon judgments
and proceedings which you can call for at any
day you please when Congress is in session—all
is accessible to you, just as accessible to you as
the records of any Executive office are—where is
the cause for alarm ? If you do not tremble for
the millions that are expended on the judgments
of individuals that you do not know, that you
never will know, that are liable to influences all
around them more than courts of justice are sup-
posed to be—if you can bear all that in patience
and in security, why this panic about the judg-
ment of courts of justice, where parties are suing
openly, and have their rights decided upon by
written and recorded opinions, for which the men
who give them are responsible? It would be a
great deal better if we could turn a portion of our
attention to look after the sixty or seventy mil-
lion that go on the judgment of others. I really
think we may entertain some hope that the ad-
ministration of this court will contribute to the
purposes of justice, to the security of the people's
money. I hope, Mr. President, that the amend-
ment will not be adopted, and that we shall allow
the experiment to be made which this bill con-
templates.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator from
Rhode Island objects to the bill, not because he
says it is necessary orproper that Congress should
reexamine the original cases, but that they ought
to know where the money goes. There is to be
a general appropriation 011 an estimate for the pay-
ment of the judgment of the Court of Claims.
Of course, the appropriation will be confined to
that; and they can only be paid out of that appro-
priation. Then the bill provides that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, ateach succecding session,
shall return to Congress a list of the amounts of
the judgments and the parties to whom he pays
the money. Do you not know, then, where the
money goes, a great deal better than you do as to
all your general appropriations for any other ser-
vice ?
Besides, as I said before, experience is the great
test of these matters; and as regards the fear of
danger to the Government, I will present simply
the return of the list of claims made on the 11th
of January. The court are obliged to make re-
turns, at the commencement of the session, of
past decisions since the previous session. There
are forty-five claims. Of those forty-five claims,
there are five favorable reports, covering allow-
ances to the amount of not quite twenty-one thou-
sand dollars, and the others are adverse; and they
cover an amount exceeding one million two hun-
dred thousand dollars.
Mr. HARLAN. I am not certain that I un-
derstand the theory^n which the Court of Claims
was originally established. I have never under-
stood that it was the intentioti of Congress to al-
low the Government of the United States to be
sued; but that this court was to actia the capacity
of a committee, but with superior advantages to
any ordinary committee of the Senate and House
of Representatives, before whom claimants may
appear in person, and present the strongest evi-
dence against the Government, ex parte and un-
contradicted, and where the Government is usually
unrepresented, where no one is interested in pro-
curing rebutting testimony. The Court of Claims
was established, I had supposed, to secure the
Government against impositions that could not
be so readily avoided by a committee. If, how-
ever, I understand the effect of the bill now pend-
ing, it is to allow the Government, in certain
cases, to be sued; to put it in the situation of a
mere individual. If we are to reverse the theory
on which the Court of Claims was originally estab-
lished,>and allow the Government to be sued by
claimants, I see no sufficient reason for compelling
the people of Iowa, orany other remote State, who
have claims against the national Government, to
come to the capital of the nation to bring their
suit, unless it be for the benefit of claim agents
or attorneys here, perhaps members of Congress,
who may intend to act as claim agents. Why
should a citizen of Iowa be compelled to turn his
back on the court of the United States in Iowa,
and come to the District of Columbia to com-
mence his suit? Is it on the original idea that
the people of Israel were compelled to go to the
capital of their nation to be taxed ? Are the courts
of the United States in Iowa without integrity ?
The answer made to my inquiry by the Senator
from Louisiana is not,'as I think, conclusive. He
says that the records are all here. The original
records are not produced in the Court of Claims,
as T understand it, but mere copies of those rec-
ords. How much time would be consumed in
sending a copy of any record to the State of
Iowa, with our present means of transportation ?
About fifty-six hours. This, then, is not a suffi-
cient answer, as it seems to me; and if the Gov-
ernment of the United States is about to place
itself in the attitude of an individual, and allow
itself to be used, I desire that the citizens of Iowa
may sue in the Federal courts within the limits of
the State; and if the Government of the United
States should be dissatisfied with the result of the
suit, provide for an appeal to the Supreme Court,
and bring the whole matter to the capital of the
nation.
The Senator from Louisiana objects, on the
ground that jury trials would be a necessary con-
sequence of allowing these claims to be sued in
the district and circuit courts of the United States
in the several States. To my mind, this is no ob-
jection. I have 110 dread of jury trials. Twelve
or more men, properly selected ajid under their
oaths, would be no more likely to decide unjustly
against the Government than three men. The
juries, I suppose, would not try the law involved,
but merely the facts presented for their consid-
eration; and, judging tjie probable result of jury
trials m other States by what I have observed in
my own, I have no fear of submitting any claim
to a jury of my countrymen. They would be as
safe guardians of the Treasury as the judges of
the courts at the Federal capital. The people of
that State regard this Government as theirs, and
would be as careful of the public money as they
would be of their own treasure; would be 110 more
likely to perjure themselves, to wrong the Gov-
ernment, than an individual party litigant.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I am
surprised at the honorable Senator who has just
addressed the Senate. Does he propose that we
should make the United States suable every-
where, in every court, in every State, and submit
Treasury accounts to a jury to be settled ?
