1800.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in order that gentlemen who have speeches to
make on the tariff question, nmy deliver them.
If we now get off the speeches thatare to be made,
on Wednesday next the House will be ready for
action on that question.
Mr. MALLORY. I withdraw my motion.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of theUnion,
with a view to discuss the tariff bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Wash-
burn, of Wisconsin, in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 338) to
provide tor the payment of outstanding Treasury
notes, to authorize a lean, to regulate and fix the
duties on imports, and for other purposes, on
which Mr. Trimble was entitled to the floor.
Mr. REAGAN. Is it the understanding that
no vote is to be taken this evening?
Mr. SHERMAN. That, I believe, is the un-
derstanding.
Mr. TRIMBLE addressed the committee on
the tariff question. [His speech will be published
in the Appendix.]
Mr. TAYLOR obtained the floor.
Mr. McCLERiNAND. This is Saturday even-
ing, and if the gentleman will yield, I will move
that the committee rise.
Mr. TAYLOR. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was understood that we
Were to allow gentlemen who were ready, to make
speeches on the pending tariff bill. I hope that
will be done.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I see nobody who
wants to go on this evening.
Mr. SHERMAN. Monday and Tuesday next
will be devoted to territorial business, and it is my
intention on Wednesday to take a vote on the
tariff bill.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman from Louis-
iana, [Mr. Taylor,] if he yields, may be under-
stood as having the floor the next time the House
goes into committee for general debate. There
was no objection.
Mr. TAYLOR. I agree to that.
Mi. SHERMAN. If the committee rises, I
want it understood that I shall be considered as
having the floor for Wednesday next, when the
tariff question will again be taken up.
Mr. McCLERNAND I now msist on my
motion to rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Wasiibcrn, of Wis-
consin,reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had had under consid-
eration the Union generally, and particularly
House bill No. 338, to provide for the payment
of outstanding Treasury notes, to authorize a
loan, to regulate and fix the duties on imports,
and for other purposes; and had come to no con-
clusion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. FLORENCE, (at
fifteen minutes past three o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned until Monday.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 7, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 240) for the relief of CassiusM. Clay;
A bill (No. 340) for the relief of Charles James
Lanman;
A bill (No. 352) for the relief of James Hooten;
A bill (No. 353) for the relief of Thomas R.
Livingston; *
A bill (No. 355) for the relief of Alexander AI-
bertson, of P#tte county, Nebraska;
A bill (No. 3G5) for the relief of Josiah Atkins,
of Ohio;
A bill (No. 367) for the relief of Braxton Bragg
and Randall L. Gibson;
A bill (No. 271) for the relief of Joseph B. Eaton;
A bill (No. 435) to refund to the Territory of
Utah theexpenses incurred in suppressing Indian
hostilities in the year 1853;
A bill (No. 691) to change the name of the
steamboat Antelope;
A bill (No. 370) for the relief of Israel Johnson;
A bill (No. 363) for the relief of the heirs of
Captain John A. Hopper;
A bill (No.373)forthe relief of William Hutch-
inson;
A hill (No. 374) for the relief of the Mission-
ary Society of the Methodist Episcopal Church;
A bill (No. 385) granting an invalid pension to
Beriah "VVright, of New York;
A bill (No. 377) for the relief of David Y.
Whiting;
A bill (No. 214) for the relief of Charles W.
Brooks, of New York; and
A bill (No. 384)forthe relief of Sylvanus Burn-
ham.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills and joint resolu-
tions of the Senate:
An act (No. 55) for the relief of Tilman Leak;
An act (No. 70) for the relief of George
Stealey;
An act (No. 420) to authorize the issuance of
patents, in the name of James S. Douglas, upon
certain land entries made at Chockchuma;
An act (No. 150) for the relief of Madison
Sweetzer;
An act (No. 119) for the relief of A. M. Mit-
chell, late colonel of the Ohio volunteers in the
Mexican war;
An act (No. 56) for the relief of Richard W.
Meade;
An act (No. 57) for the relief of David D.Porter;
A resolution (No. 7) for the relief of the legal
representatives of John A. Frost, deceased; and
Aresolution (No. 1G) authorizing Captains Wil-
liam L. Hudson and Joshua R. Sands to accept
certain testimonials awarded to them by the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain.
The message further announced that the House
had concurred in the amendments of the Senate
to the bill of the House (No. 368) to provide pay-
ment for depredations committed by the whites
on the Shawnee Indians m Kansas Territory.
The message further announced that the House
had concurred in the report o^the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Hoq^eson the billofthe Senate Id2) author-
izing the corporation of Washington city to make
a loan and issue stock for §200,000 for building a
market-house.
PRINTING OF A DOCUMENT.
The message further announced that the House
ordered, at two o'clock, p. m., on the 5tli instant,
the printing of a letter from the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of
the House of Representatives, documents in re-
lation to the troubles on the Texan frontier.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. THOMSON presented the memorial of
Mrs. S. D. Page, widow of Francis N. Page,
brevet major and assistant adjutantgeneral of the
Army, praying a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the petition of J.
W. Hoard and others, praying that the right of
appeal to the courts from adverse decisions of
the Commissioner of Patents be not abolished;
which was ordered to lie on the table, a bill on
that subject being now pending.
Mr. GRIMES presented the petition of cit-
izens of Cedar county, Iowa, praying the estab-
lishment of a mail route from Cedar Bluffs to Me-
chauicsviile, in that State; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of cit-
izens of Freeport, Maine, remonstrating against
the passage of a bill to grant to a company char-
tered by the State of Louisiana the assent of
Congress for the privilege of keeping open the
channel of Pass a 1'Outre and charging a toll
therefor; which w/ts ordered to lie on the table,a
bill on the subject being now upon the Calendar.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of Jo-
seph W. Knife praying an increase of pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented five memorials of citizens of
Philadelphia, praying the immediate enactment of
the bill now pending in Congress for ;the increase -
of duties on imports and forthe adjustmentof the
public debt; which were referred to-the Commit
tee on Finance.. ' , .
He also presented the memorial of Eliza-B
Mills, widow of Robert Mills, an architect, pray-
ing compensation for his professional services;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands. - , .
Mr. GREEN presented a communication frdm
James M. Buckhn, asking that an appropriation
be made to test his improved gun; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia
Mr. SLIDELL presented a petition of mer-
chants of New Orleans, praying that the Post-
master General be authorized to contract for the
transportation of the mails between New Orleans*
Key West and Havana; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of John
Cook, jr., andjiis associates, offering to contract
for the transportation of the mails between New
Orleans and Vera Cruz; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a memorial of offi-
cers and members of the Milwaukee Chamber of
Commeice, praying that steamers may be substi-
tuted for sailing vessels in the revenue service on
the lakes; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
THE HOMESTEAD BILL. -
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I present joint resolutions
of the Legislature of Wisconsin, in favor of the
enactment of the homestead bill in the form in
which it passed the House of Representatives; and
I ask that they be read.
The Secretary read, a« follows:
Joint resolutions in relation to the homestead bill in Con-
gress.
Whereas it is announced by telegraph, from the seat of
the Federal Government, that the homestead bill, which
lately passed the House of Repi esentatives and which was
referred to the Committee on Public hand* m the Senate
of the United States, has been reported back with amend-
ments, providing, among other tilings, that the benefits of
said homestead bill shall not apply to foreigners who may
declare their intentions to become citizens of the United
States, after the passage of th is act, said amendments being
what is known as Mr. Johnson's bill; and whereas while
the people of the State of Wisconsin are devotedly at-
tached to the principle office homcs.forlhe homeless, and
hence in favor of the passage of the said bill as it came
from the House ot Representatives, they are opposed to the
said bill as amended by the Senate committee, deeming as
they do that, by the piovision above referred to, it violates
the great principle oi equality which underlies our system
of government; believing that the greatest blessing to be
derived from the homestead law is an increased emigration.
of European farmers, artisans and laborers, to occupy and
cultivate our vabf unoccupied domain ; and that to cut them
off from the benefit? of such law would not only be wrong
and unjust in principle, but would tend to lower our national
charactci throughout the world, and would subject us to
the cliaige oi selfishness and proscription, unworthy of a
nation heretofore claiming to be the asjlum for the op-
pressed of all nations. Therefore,
Resolved by Ihe Assembly, (the Senate concurring,) That
we, the free peopie of the State of Wisconsin, solemnly
protest against the passage of any law by our national Le-
gislature, which discriminates between different classes of
citizens of the United States, or between citizens and tnose
who have declared their intentions to become citizens.
2. Resolved, That our Senators in Congress be instructed,
and Representatives lequested, to use all proper means to
procuie the passage of the homestead bill as it passed the
House of Representatives; but never consent to the passage
of said act, or any act containing the provisions of the Sen-
ate amendment known as Mr. Johnson's bill.
3. Rpsolrcd, That the Governor be, and he is hereby, re-
quested to foi ward a copy of these resolutions to each of
our Senators and Representatives in Congress with ail con-
venient f-pced.
The resolutions were ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Isaac Lilly, for remunera-
tion for foss of a vessel unjustly seized and sold under the
erroneous pretense that timber on board the same had been
cut from lands belonging to the Government, on the files of
the Senate, be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Joseph Hill and sons, pray-
ing compensation for horses and mules stolen by the In-
dians in California, on the files of the Senate, be refeired
to the Committee ou Military Affairs and Militia.
On motion of Mr. SEBASTIAN, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of Jau*es Poo! be
withdrawn from the Court of Claims, and referred to the
Committee on Claims.
