THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7.
ADMISSIONS TO THE FLOOR. ,
Mr. CHANDLER. I have a resolution to offer,
and I ask the unanimous consent of the Senate for
its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Governors of States be admitted upon
- the floor of* the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to the present consideration of the
resolution.
.Mr. GWIN. I hope it will be amended by add-
ing the words "and Territories" after "States,"
so as to include the acting Governors of States and
Territories.
Mr. PEARCE. Would it not be well to have
the resolution referred to a committee, as usual?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
make that motion ?
Mr. PEARCE. I move that the resolution be
referred tQ.tlie Committee on the Library, which
I believe was charged with the arrangement on
this subject when we entered this Hall.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senator will
withdraw his objection to the resolution. There
are two or three Governors in town, one from
Kentucky, one from Ohio, I believe, and I should
like to have tho resolution acted on immediately.
Mr. PEARCE. I think these things ought to
be governed by regular prescribed rule; and I
must, therefore, insist on my motion, although I
am not particular as to the committee to which
the question shall go.
The motion to refer was agreed to; there being
on a division—ayes 21, noes 17.
■WASHINGTON MARKET-HOUSE.
Mr. BROWN. A bill of the Senate has been
returned from the House of Representatives, I
understand, with a message announcing the con-
currence of that House in a report of a committee
of conference. I ask that the bill be now taken
up, as I desire to submit the report.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. 1 now submit the report of
the committee of conference.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 192) "authorizing the
corporation of Washington city to make a loan and issue
stock for §200,000 for building a market-house," having met
and had lull and l'ree conference, have agreed to recom-
mend. and do leeommend, to the respective Houses, as fol-
lows:
That the first, second, third, fourth, sixth, and seventh
amendments of the Senate to the amendment of the House
be concurred in hy the House.
That the Senate recede from its fifth amendment to the
amendment of the House.
That both Houses concur m the following amendment, to
be inserted at the end of section one:
Provided, That the powers herein granted shall not be
'exercised by said corporation until after the second Monday
In June next; and that this act shall, immediately upon its
passage, be published by said corporation in at least two
newspapers, published in the city of Washington, and he
continued until after the corporation election in said city
In June next.
On the part of the House,
LUTHER C. CARTER,
GEORGE W. HUGHES.
On the part of the Senate,
A. G. BROWN,
R. W. JOHNSON,
J. COLLAMEK.
The report was concurred in.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. DURKEE, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Cath-
erine Shepherd, widow of George Shepherd, a
soldier in the war of the Revolution, praying to
be allowed a pension,submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
_ Mr. THOMSON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
219) granting a pension to Major John F. Hunter,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. LANE. I ask for the consideration of the
bill which the Senator from New Jersey has just
reported for the relief of Captain Hunter. It is
a very meritorious case, and I think there will be
no objection to its present consideration.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not wish to make any
objection to the merits of the case, but I think
business ought to be done in its regular order.
Other people have waited here long with merito-
rious cases, and why should this' be taken up out
of its order ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the bill cannot be considered to-day.
Mr. THOMSON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
543) for the relief of Margaret Whitehead, re-
ported it with amendments.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred tho bill (H. R. No.
272) grantingapension to Adelaide Adams, widow
of Commander George Adams, United States
Navy, reported it without amendment, and that
it ought not to pass.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 271) granting a
pension to Cyrenus C. Blackman, of St. Helena
parish, Louisiana, reported it without amendment,
and that it ought not to pass.
He also, from tho same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 313) granting a
pension to Abraham Crum, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. NICHOLSON, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of the heirs of Nathan Weeks, a lieuten-
ant of the Revolution, who was killed in action,
praying for the pajr due him, and the seven years'
half pay due to liis widow or children, submit-
ted an adveise report; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of the representatives of
Joseph Morris, late a major in the army of the
Revolution, praying commutation pay, submit-
ted an adverse report; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred the memorial of a commit-
tee of the corporation of Georgetown, District of
Columbia, setting forth their objections to a bill
introduced into the Senate, to authorize the Bal-
timore and Ohio Railroad Company to extend the
Washington branch of their road across the Po-
tomac river at the site of the Long Bridge, re-
ported in favor of printing the usual number; and
the report was agreed to.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 240) for the relief of Cassius M.
Clay—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 340} for the relief of Charles James
Lanman—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 352) for the relief of James Hooten
—to the Committee on the Post Office and*Post
Roads.
A bill (No. 355) for the relief of Alexander Al-
bertson, of Platte county, Nebraska—to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
A bill (No. 365) for the reliefof Josiah Atkins,
of Ohio—to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
A bill (No. 367) for the relief of Braxton Bragg
and Randall L. Gibson—to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.
A bill (No. 371) for the relief of Joseph B. Ea-
ton—to the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia.
A bill (No. 435) to refund the Territory of Utah
the expenses incurred in suppressing Indian hos-
tilities in the year 1853—to theCommittee on Mili-
tary Affairs and Militia.
A bill (No. 691) to change the name of the
steamboat Antelope—to the Committee on Com-
merce.
A bill (No. 363) for the relief of the heirs of
Captain John A. Hopper—to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
A bill (No. 214) for the relief of Charles W.
Brooks, of New York—to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
A bill (No. 373) for .the relief of William Hutch-
inson—to the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia.
A bill (No. 374) for tho relief of the Missionary
Society of the Methodist Episcopal Church—to
the Committee on Military Affairs and Militia.
A bill (No. 377) for the relief of David V. Whit-
ing—to the Committee on Territories.
A bill (No. 384) for the relief o( Sylvanus Burn-
ham—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 385) granting an invalid pension to
Beriah Wright, of New York—to the Committee
on Pensions.
The bill (II. R. No. 370) for the relief of Israel
Johnson was read the first and second time by i j
title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will go to tlic
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. PITCH. There is a similar bill reported
by the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senati,
which is on the Calendar. I move that the House
bill take the place of the Senate bill on the Cal-
endar.
The motion was agreed to.
Thebill (H. R. No. 353) for the relief of Thomas
R. Livingston was read twice by its title.
Mr. GREEN. If there be no objection, I as':
for the pressnt consideration of that bill. It is t,
very simple bill, and the mere reading of it wiil
satisfy the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary wiil
read the bill at length, for information.
The Secretary read the bill, which proposes iu
authorize the Postmaster General to receive and
consider such testimony as may be produced by
Thomas R. Livingston; and if he is satisfied from
such testimony that Livingston did not intend to
bid for the mail service he is now performing on
mail route No. 10527, in Missouri, and that the
person who prepared the bid inserted Maysvilb
by mistake, instead ofStewartsville,then the Post-
master General is to pay Livingston, in addition
to his present pay, a fair price for transporting th :
mails from Stewartsville to Maysville, from th ;
commencement of the service.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection to the present consideration of the bill, ir
is before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole,
and open to amendment.
Mr. KING. I should like to know the reason
why this man undertook to perform this worl',
for two or three years, without knowing what hi J
contract was.
Mr. GREEN. The bill explains itself. It i.i
merely to submit the question to the Postmastc,
General, on evidence, to see whether the clerl',
in drawing up the bid, made a mistake. If he die',
relief is to be granted; if not, no money passe.,
under the bill.
Mr. KING. My difficulty in relation to the
passage of the bill is this: a contract is made wit!
a party, and he proceeds to execute it, and goe-.
on for several years receiving his compensation,
and now comes in on a contingency and asks more
pay on account of some alleged mistake, whicl:
ought to have been disposed of at the time.
Mr. GREEN. If any objection at all is made
to the consideration of the bill, let it be referred.
Mr. KING. I think it had better be referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senate-
move a reference?
Mr. KING. I m.ove to refer the bill to th1
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
KANSAS INDIAN LANDS.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Senate taken;
for consideration House bill No. 637, to settle ti-
titles to certain lands set apart for the use of cci
tain half-breed Kansas Indians in Kansas Ter-
ritory.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill wa\
considered as in Committee of the Whole, i
recites that, by the sixth article of a treaty cor.
eluded at St. Louis, on the 3d day of June, 1825,
between the United States of America and tin-
Kansas nation oflndians, there was reserved fro;.-
the lands ceded by that treaty to the United State j
one mile square of land for each of the half-breed.,
of the Kansas nation named in the article, whicl.
land has been surveyed and allotted to each of th.'
half-breeds, in the order in which they are namee
m, and in accordance with the provisions of, the
article; and it is proposed to enact that a titl-
in fee simple shall be vested in the reservees.
who are now living, to the land reserved, set
apart, and allotted to them respectively, by til
sixth article of the treaty; and m case any of th
l-eservees named in the article are deceased, leav-
ing heirs, then a title in fee simple to the lair'
allotted to the deceased reservees is to be vested
in s#fch persons as shall, by the Secretary of the
Interior, be decided to be the heirs of the deceases
reservees; and all contracts, or instruments x:
writing, or otherwise, of any kind, for the sale or
disposition of any of the lands named in this act
heretofore made by any of the reservees, or thei -
heirs, are declared null and void.
