992
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5.
favor of appropriations for certain mail routes,
light-houses, buoys, and for the removal of Blos-
som Roclj in the harbor of San Francisco—or-
dered at fwenty-five minutes after one o'clock.
Resolutions of the Legislature of California in
relation to the transmission of the ocean mails be-
tween the Atlantic and Pacific States—ordered at
twenty-five minutes after one o''clock.
Message of the President communicating in-
formation relative to the marking of the boundary,
pursuant to the first article of the treaty of 1846,
between the United States and Great Britain—
ordered at twenty-two minutes after one o'clock.
Resolution of the Legislature of California in
relation to the transmission of the mail from San
Francisco to Sacramento—ordered at thirty min-
utes after one o'clock.
The report of the Secretary of the In terior, sub-
mitting additional estimates of appropriations for,
the Indian service in Oregon and Washington for
the current and ensuing fiscal years—ordered at
fifteen minutes after four o'clock.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary of
the Interior, submitting additional estimates of
appropriations for the Indian service in Oregon
and Washington; which was referred to the Com-
mittee M Ways and Means, and ordered to be
p'rlBted.
Also, a letter from the Secretary of thelnterior,
in reply to a resolution of the' House of Repre-
sentatives, of the 27th of February, requesting
him to report the condition of the tract of land,
west of the State of Missouri, set apart for the
Now York Indians, &c.; transmitting a copy of
the report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
to whom ttte resolution was referred, together
with correspondence therein referred to; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Also, u letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
acknowledging the receipt of the House resolu-
tion of ilie iiil of March, asking for a copy of the
report of the art commission, and stating that it
hud been referred to the Secretary of War for a
reply; which was laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
CONTESTED-ELECTION CASES.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House evidence in the several
contested-election eases from Maryland and Ne-
braska; which, on motion of Mr. Hoyce, were
referred to the Committee of Elections, and ordered
to be printed.
1 CHAPLAIN.
Mr. MILLSON. I am unwilling that the House
shall seem to be indifferent to the discharge of a
duty, and the perpetuation of a usage winch is
coeval with our Crovernmentand identified with so
many of our historic recollections. I therefore
ask leave to introduce the following resolution:
Rcsohctt, That the Ilotisf will proceed to morrow, atone
o'clock, !>■ 111., to elect a Chaplain, who shall ofliciiitu dur-
ing ttie present Congress alternately with the Chaplain
already elected by the Senate.
Mr. AVERY. 1 desire to amend that resolu-
tion by substituting the resolution which was in-
troduced last Congress upon the same subject.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to the introduction
of the resolution; and a motion to amend is not
in order'until tile resolution is received.
Mr. A VERY. Then I give notice that I will
offer that amendment to the resolution of the
gentleman from Virginia, whenever it shall be
received.
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman from Ala-
bama says he objects to the introduction of the
resolution. _ I will then present that resolution as
one of privilege. If there be any qufttion of priv-
ilege it is certainly this.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Speaker decidcd that
point the other day.
Mr. MILLSON. But I hope the Speaker, upon
a reconsideration of the question, when he is told,
as I now state, that there never has been the point
of order raised as to this being a question of priv-
ilege but once, and then by the gentleman trom
Alabama; on that occasion it was overruled by
the Speaker of the Thirty-Fourth Congress, who
held that it was a question of privilege, and an
election took place on that decision; I say, I hope
the Speaker will decide, on reconsideration, that
this is a question of privilege. There is but one
single precedent, so far as I am informed, and it
was ftien held to be a question of privilege.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose the Speaker will
rule as he ruled a few days ago upon the same
question. It cannot be a question of privilege,
Mr. Speaker, unless a Chaplain is, bylaw, a part
of the organization of the House. There is no
law for the election of Chaplain. It is true, that,
heretofore, Congress, on manyoccasions,has seen
fit to elect a Chaplain. The Constitution says
that the House of Representatives shall choose its
Speaker and other officers. Is the Chaplain an
officer of this House? Where is the law for it?
Where is the constitutional provision for it? By
what authority is he an officer of the House?
Then, if he be not an officer of the House, this
cannot be a question of privilege; and I take the
ground that he is not; for if he is an officer, the
Thirty-Fifth Congress was never organized, be-
cause it had no such officer. I am willing to com-
promise with the gentleman from Virginia, and
permit the resolution passed for the Thirty-Fifth
Congress to be applied to this Congress. It seems
that the Thirty-Fourth Congress—if the statement
of the gentleman from Virginia be correct—de-
cided against a point of order I then raised, as I do
now, upon this same matter; but if it did, that is
no reason why the Speaker of the present Con-
gress should overrule the very sensible and truth-
ful decision he made a few days ago.
Mr. MILLSON. The House having indulged
the gentleman from Alabama, 1 desire to make a
brief reply. The reference made by the gentle-
man from Alabama to the Constitution disproves
his own conclusion. The Constitution provides
that the House shall choose its Speaker and other
officers. It is, then, a question of privilege for
the House to determine whatofficers it will choose.
1 do not say the House must elect a Chaplain; but
I say it is for the House to determine whether
they will have a Chaplain among its other officers.
It is their privilege to determine what officers they
shall have. In other words, as the gentleman
from Alabama presents the question.itis, whether
it shall bo the privilege of the House of Repre-
sentatives to commence the discharge of their daily
duties with a daily invocation ofDivine assistance
and protection, or whether they have so framed
their rules as to make it the privilege of any one
member, unmindful, it may be, of his own duties
and obligations, contemptuous, perhaps, of all
conventional decencies, to interpose his solitary
objection, and obstruct and defeat the will of the
House.
Mr. BURNETT. If it is in order, I want to
reply fo that part of the speech.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 desire to know whether"
the gentleman from Virginia intends to apply his
last remark to me ?
Mr. Ml'LLSON. Unquestionably not; and I
say to the gentleman from Alabama, what was
said by himself some time since, in reply to an
inquiry undej similar circumstances, I am sur-
prised he should.put the question to me. I mean
only to say, that, according to his construction of
our rules, it is within the power of any single man,
some profligate, or ruffian, it may Jjc, if such should
ever become a member of this Iiouse, to defeat the
will of the House. It will not do to answer that
the House may, on Monday, suspend the rules;
for a suspension of the rules implies that the rules,
as they now stand, secure this privilege to a single
member, in contempt of the wishes of the whole
House. But I did not intend to enter into any dis-
cussion, and I conclude by asking the decision of
the Chair upon the question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to state, in reply to
the remarks of the gentleman from Virginia 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 object to this debate, if it
is not in order.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. The remarks of the gentle-
man from Virginia have been rather extraordi-
nary, and I would like to say a word in reply to
the very extraordinary position which he has
assumed.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
gentleman from Alabama will have a right to re-
ply. Is there an objection ?
Mr. ETHERIDGrE. Certainly there is.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then 1 desire to state one
fact, not in reply to the gentleman from Virginia,
but aa a matter of information to the Chair and
to the House. Always heretofore, and in the
Thirty-Fourth Congress, when the Speaker ruled
that the election of a Chaplain was a privileged
question, it was because there had been an appro-
priation made at the preceding Congress for the
payment of a Chaplain for the next Congress. I
state what is true, and what I know to be true,
and what the books show to be true. There had
been an appropriation made at the preceding Con-
gress to pay the salary of the Chaplain contem-
plated to be elected; and that appropriation was
considered by the Speaker as a law which made
the Chaplain an officer of the House. Hence it
was that the Speaker decided that the Chaplain
was an officer of the House, and that a motion to
proceed to his election was a privileged question.
But in this case that reason no longer exists; for
there is no appropriation, no law, no authority,
nothing from which we can iofer, in even a re-
mote degree, that the House of Representatives
intends to have such an officer.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to say 
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 desire to refer the Chair
and the gentleman from Alabama to a law of Con-
gress fixing the salary of Chaplains to Congress;
thus recognizing them as part of the legislative
department of the Government.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am aware of that; but that
law was virtually repealed by the action of the
last Congress in refusing to carry it out.
Mr. CLEMENS. Not atall,sir. There was
a proposition made at the last Congress 
Mr. BURNETT. I objcct to debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair considers that
debate is not in order; otherwise the Chair would
be very happy to have the information which the
gentleman from Virginia desires to impart.
Mr. CLEMENS. Sir, I cannot forget the fact
that, at the time when the Federal Constitution
was framed, and when the Speaker had his chair
in front of a picture of the rising sun, Benjamin
Franklin rose in his placc, and 
Mr. BURNETT. I object to the gentleman
from Virginia being allowed to proceed unless we
are all to have a cjiance of participating in the
discussion.
Mr. CLEMENS. Benjamin Franklin rose in
his place and said, during the stormy discussions
of the convention, that  •
Mr. BURNETT. I repeat, that I object to this
discussion, unless we are to be all allowed to par-
ticipate in it. I am opposed to this thing of elect-
ing Chaplains. I believe it is wrong in principle
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state
his position.
Mr. CLEMENS. Before the Chair does so, I
desire to refute the position taken by the gentle-
man from Alabama; and I believe I can "Bo it by
the law and by the record. I am sure there can-
not be any rational objection toagentleman rising
and endeavoring to assist in the legislation of the
country. Sir, I was referring to the fact that when
the Federal Constitution was formed 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia cannot proceed unless by unanimous con-
sent. Discussion is not in order. -
Mr. CLEMENS. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Burnett] has yielded his objection.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
Chair will be happy to hear the gentleman from
Virginia.
Mr. WINSLOW. Well, let there be a general
debate on the subject; otherwise, I do object.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not object. All that I
want is the opportunity of replying.
The SPEAKER Then the gentleman from
Virginia will proceed.
Mr. BURNETT. If it be understood that we
shall all have a right to participate in the discus-
sion, I will not object. But I do not believe that
it is right to elect a Chaplain in the manner pro-
posed by the gentleman from Virginia. If we are
.to have an opportunity to reply, I say to the gen-
tleman, "Go on."
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I have an essay to
deliver on the subject. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The question is now, whether
the gentleman from Virginia will be permitted to
proceed with his remarks?
Mr. BURNETT. I do not see that an objec-
tion is to offect anything. I have objected three
times, and I have called on the Speaker stating
that I did object; and yet the gentleman from Vir-
ginia proceeds in despite of my objection
