THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D; C.
Thirtt-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 13, 1860.
New Series No. 181.
price to be aJlowrd to thfi publishers for said work {-hall be
fifteen per cent, less per volume than the average price per
volume paid lor Hie first series of tlie same, printed under
the act of March 2, 1831. And the saul volumes shall be
deliveted to the Secretary of the Inteiior a-* the same may
be completed, who shall place three hundred copies in the
Department of State foi its use and loi exchange with lot-
eign Governments*, and "seven hundred copies in his own
Department lor distubutiou to public libraries in the sev-
eral States and Territories?, and hold the residue of the
copies m lus custody subjcct to the iuither order of Con-
gress. •
And the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby directed to
pay the publishers of the said work, at the rate pet volume
above mentioned, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, as the same may be delivered to
the Secretaiy of the lutcnor, and on his certificate of de
livery. Anil so much of the aforesaid nineteenth section
of the act of June 12,1853, as is inconsistent with this act,
be. and the same is hereby, repealed : Provided, That the
volumes shall average not less than one thousand pages.
Mr. DAVIS. There are some matters in the
amendment which I think changes the contract,
and therefore I shall vote against it.
Mr FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MASON. Before I vote, I wish to ask
the honorable Senator from Indiana, the chair-
man of the Committee on Printing, whether the
contractors have agreed to the change of con-
tract proposed?
Mr. FITCH. The amendment, after it had
been agreed upon by the Senate Committee on
Printing, was submitted to one of the contractors,
Mr. Seaton,and he assented to it. Ascertaining,
as I have already stated to-day, that the average
price per volume was less than my previous data
had made it out, and ascertaining that fact from
the accounts of our own Secretory, I again sent
for him to-day, and stated that fact to him, and
asked him again if he would assent to it? He
said he would. I moved the proviso relative to
the average number of pages per volume at his
written request, which I now have before me, ad-
dressed to me since he left the Capitol after the
interview I had with him this morning. The
only difference between his assent to my amend-
ment, as fully submitted to him, and his request,
is that, at the instance of sundry gentlemen, who,
perhaps, know more about it than I know, instead
of moving that the average number of pages should
be nine hundred a volume, as he requested, my
proviso is that it shall be a thousand—a matter
that I presume will not make much difference
with the contractors.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bigler, Btight, Brown, Cam-
eron, Charidlei, Chesnut, Clark, Crittenden, Dixon, Fitch,
Foot, Foster, Green, Hale, Hamlin, Hemphill, Lane, Mal-
lorv, Mason, Nicholson, Rice, Saulsbury, SebasUau, Sim-
mon?, VVado. Wigfali, and Wilkinson—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Bragg, Ciingman, Davis,
Doolittle, Fcssenden, Fitzpatnck, Iveison, Johnson of
Tennessee, Kennedy, King, Polk, Powell, Slidell, Thom-
son, Toombs, Trumbull, and Yulee—18.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster in
the chair.) The next excepted amendment of the
Committee of the Whole is:
For the prosecution of the work on the Capitol extension
during the fiscal > ear ending the 30th of June, 1861, the sum
of $300,000
Mr. TOOMBS. I called for a separate vote on
this amendment, because there was some misun-
derstanding before as to the committee from which
it came. It was stated that it came from the Com-
mittee on Finance; but it did not come from that
committee, for the reason that they expressed no
opinion upon it; it was a business they had not
investigated, and they were not prepared to give
the facts which were necessary for the Senate. I
only called for a separate vote so that the Senate
might vote understandingly. It comes from the
Committee on Public Buildings, who, I have no
doubt, have properly and intelligently investi-
gated the subject. I do not call for the yeas and
nays; I only asked for a separate vote on it.
Mr. BRIGHT. This amendment was inserted
on my motion, and upon the recommendation of
■ the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
It is in pursuance of an estimate, made by the
Treasury Department, for the purpose of continu-
ing the Capitol extension. It would be a waste
of time for me to attempt to impress on Senators
the importance and necessity of continuing this
work. A portion of the $500,000 estimated for has
already been provided—$204,000 for paying ex-
isting liabilities. This appropriation of $300,000
is for the purpose of continuing the work, which
is barely sufficient. In the present state of the
Treasury, the committee did not feel at liberty to
insist on more. I hope there will be no objection
to it.
The amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next ex-
cepted amendment of the Committee of the Whole,
was to strike out the following clause: *
oy
•• For collection of nsricuituta! statistics, investigations
foi piomoting agricultuial ami ruial economy, and the pro-
curement ot "cuttings and seeds, $60,000: Provided, how-
ever, That in the e tpenditure of tins appropriation, and
especially 111 the selection of cuttings and seeds ioi distri-
bution. due regard shall be iiad to the purposes of general
cultivation and the encouragement of the agricuituial and
rural interests of all parts of the Tnited States "
The question is, will the Senate concur with
the Committee of the Whole in striking out this
clause ?
Mr. BIGLER. This is an amendment which
was excepted, at my request, from the general
amendments. 1 simply want to call for the yeas
and nays upon it. ["Oh,no!"] Very well,lam
satisfied to take the vote.
Mr. TOOMBS. We have no use for §60,000
for these cuttings: and the committee struck it
out.
Mr. RTCE. I hope, the clauscwillbe stricken
out. I have seen neither seeds nor cuttings for
my region for a long time.
Mr. HALE. I hope it may be stricken out.
All that I got from the Patent Office last year
was a notice that they had some plants, &c., that
would not grow north of the north line of Ten-
nessee. Now there is a little part of these United
States that lies north of the north line of Tennes-
see, but that is utterly disregarded. I hope the
appropriation will be stricken out.
Mr. BROWN. So do I; but I live south of
the line.
Mr. BIGLER. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think there is a very
good reason why no seeds have been distributed
this year. I believe we refused to make the ap-
propriation last year, and that is the reason for it.
So far as the objection made by.the Senator from
New Hampshire is concerned, if he will read the
provision, lie will see that it provides expressly
that, "in the expenditure of this appropriation,
andespecially in the selection of cuttings and seeds
for distribution, due regard shall be had to the
purposes of general cultivation, and the encour-
agement of the agricultural and rural interests of
all parts of the United States." 1 suppose that
will include New Hampshire even. [Laughter.]
Mr. HALE. That is according to what "due
regard " means. When the Senator gets a diction-
ary that gives the meaning of "due regard," he
will find out that it does not mean north of the
north line of Tennessee. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust'that this section
will not bo stricken out. I do not agree with
many persons and many remarks I have heard
made here in the Senate as to the inutility of dis-
tributing these seeds. I think the country has
derived much value from some of the seeds and
cuttings distributed through the PatentOffice;and ;
it is the only thing that is done for the agricul- !
tuial interests of the country. _ I do not desire to i
take time; but trust tins provision will be retained !
in the bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. Let us have the question; we
all know all about it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Bright, lliown, Cameron, Chesnut,
Ciingman, Crittenden, Davis, Fessendea, Fitch, Green,
Hale, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of
Tennessee, Kennedy, Mallory, Mason, Pi}gh,Ricft,SlideH-,
Thomson, Toombs YVigtall, Wilson, and Yulee—2o.. -
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Biglci, Bingham, Clark,' Dix-
on, Doolittle, Fitzpatrick, root, Foster, Grimes, Gwin,
IIarla«, Hemphill, King, Lane, Nicholson, Polk, Powell,
Saulsbury, Sebastian, .Simmons, Trumbull, Wade, and
tVtikinson—21.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. TOOMBS. I desire to offer an amendment
from the Committee on Finance, based upon an
estimate sent to mo since the bill has been under
consideration:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to the
Chickasaw Indians interest on .^100,000, part of their na-
tional fund, which was paid into the Treasury, in January,
1857, on account of the ledemption of that "amount of the
, State stock of Ohio, previously held by tiiat Department
in trust for that fund, $21,000.
The amendment explains itself. It seems that
these Indians had $100,000 of Ohio State funda
which were redeemed, and the money paid into the
Treasury; the Treasury has not invested them,
and this is for the Treasury to pay the Indiana
the interest.
Mr. SIMMONS. Is it for three years?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then, it is seven per cent.
Mr. TOOMBS. I made a mistake. It will be
four years at the end of this year, and the amouttt
ought to be $24,000.
Mr. SIMMONS. Why not put in the amend-
ment that it is to pay four years' interest?
Mr. TOOMBS. It is to enable the Department
to pay the interest due. Twenty-four thousand
dollars will cover four years' interest at six per
cent. This is for 1857, 1858, 1859, and 1860.
Mr. SIMMONS. But I should like the bill to
say that it is for four years' interest.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move a reconsideration of
the vote by which the Senate concurred in the
proposed amendment of the Committee on Pi-
nance, striking out the appropriation of $60,000
for agricultural purposes.
Mr. TOOMBS. Did the Senator vote with the
majority r
Mr. WILSON.
Mr. TOOMBS,
draw the motion,
voted upon twice.
Yes, sir.
I hope the Senator will with-
We have had the question
To bring it up again will open
a wide debate. There have been great abuses in
this thing: I deemed it unnecessary^ to go into
them when we had a vote in committee, and a
vote in the Senate by yeas and nays, refusing to
make the appropriation. It seems to me, that
the question has been very well considered. It
was argued in the Senate last year, and they re-
fused the appropriation after a debate that ex-
tended through an hour or two. A great deal of
the money is spent around this city, and it is
thrown away on little empioySs of one sort and
another. I have no doubt this proposition will
open a debate of two or three hours. I hope that,
after so deliberate an expression of the sense of
the Senate, the question will not be proposed a
third time. 1 do not think it is fair to the Senate
or the country, that a proposition of this kind
should be thrice thrust upon lis as this has been.
Mr. WILSON. This clause was stricken out
by but two majority. In my own judgment, the
amendment striking it out will not be concurred
in by the other branch, and we shall have to give
it up in the end. I think we had better reconsider
: it, and reduce the amount to a reasonable sum,
I and keep the provision in the bill. I am told,
I besides, that a movement is on foot in that de-
; partment to investigate the cattle disease which
I is now sweeping over the country, and exciting
| a great deal of alarm; and the entire rejection of
| this proposition will cripple that department. I
! think we had better reconsider that question, as
our vote is so close, and then reduce the amount
from $60,000 to twenty-live or thirty thousand
dollars.
Mr. TOOMBS. This has nothing to do. with
the cattle disease.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to reconsider.
181
