2882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
Mr. HALE. I call for the yeas and nays.
' Mr.TRUMBULL. Let me appeal to the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire to withdraw the call
for the yeas and nays, and let the amendment be
reconsidered by general consent, and then let us
take the vote on its adoption.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope not. I oppose the re-
consideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We do not want two yeas
and nays on the same thing.
Mr. TOOMBS. I oppose the reconsideration,
and want to make that the test question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought that the Senator
was in a hurry to get through with his bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. Iam.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. IVERSON. I did not intend to say any-
thing about this question, as I supposed it set-
tled; but as a test vote is to be had on the recon-
sideration, I desire to state a few reasons why I
shall vote against the reconsideration; and I want
to bring to the attention of the Senate and the
country, some facts, which perhaps the Senate
and the country do not know. It is proposed to
appropriate §60,000 to purchase seeds and plants
and cuttings for general distribution. Now, sir,
how is that money to be applied? How has it
been applied heretofore? Congress, sincc 1839,
"has been appropriating money year after year,
sometimes as much as $250,000, for the purchase
of seeds for distribution; and of what benefit has
all this been to the country? I ask any Senator
to tell me what benefit all these appropriations
have been to the country. We have voted nearly
$2,000,000 out of the public Treasury to dissem-
inate seeds and cuttings; and how much has it
done for the country? None whatever, so far as
I have ever been able to ascertain; but, sir, I will
tell you what has been done with the money.
Ten thousand dollars of the amount appropriated
two years ago, or last year, was applied in the
construction of seed bags and seed papers, and it
was done in this way: the employes,the clcrks in
this agricultural bureau, employed their own fam-
ilies, employed their own children, their brothers
and their sisters, the members of their families,
to make these seed bags at a price seven times
greater than they could be made by contract m
the city of New York. That is one way in which
$10,000 of the appropriation has been expended.
Another expenditure lias consisted in the employ-
ment often or fifteen men as laborers to grade a
j. little piece of ground down here on the mall,
▼ where the tea plants are planted. The tea plant*
had been distributed, and something, it wasMip-
posed, was going to grow out of the tea plants;
but before the experiment was completed, to as-
certain whether the tea plants could probably be
cultivated in this country, they have been scat-
tered m small parcels all over the whole country,
and that experiment is likely to fail, as the sor-
ghum sugar failed, and as every other experi-
ment this Patent Office has ever made has always
failed. Here are twelve or fifteen laborers em-
ployed in grading there. To be sure, they are
employed in cultivating grape cuttings; but those
grape cuttings will cost ten timet* as much to the
Government as tiie same quantity of grape cut-
tings could be purchased for fiom grape agricul-
turists in tins country. They now employ twelve
or fifteen laborers, at salaries of from §600 to
$1,000 a year.
This is the way that part of this appropriation
is to be expended. Sir, it is an abuse which the
Governmentoughttostop. One halfof the amount
which you appropriate every year is expended
in this way for the purpose of paying employes
that have nothing to do—mere sinecures-—and I
think it is high time that an abuse of this sort
should be stopped. What does this office dis-
tribute? ftsends men to New York,and to Penn-
sylvania, and to Connecticut, and elsewhere, to
buy seed from the seed-salesmen—esculents, cab-
bages, beets, turnips, and such things—to dis-
tribute at a great expense to the Government,
which can be purchased in any drug store in the
United States, and do no service whatevei to the
country.
Several Senators. Not drug store.
Mr. IVERSON. They are not drugs, butthcy
are sold by druggists everywhere, and by seeds-
men in every town in the United States; they can
be purchased for a mere song. This is the only
benefit the country ever derives from this large
amount of appropriation. Sir, it is a mere sys-
tem to feed a parcel of hungry men here in Wash-
ington city who are too lazy or too dishonest to
get their living in another way; that is about the
sum and substance of it.
Mr. B1GLER. I certainly do not rise with
any intention to answer the general indictment of
the Senator from Georgia. I do not know any-
thing about these abuses. It is true I have heard
complaints as to the administration of this depart-
ment; but I am not willing, without positive knowl-
edge,to make these general accusations. I think,
atleast, they are unkind. There may be instances
of extravagant payment for services; but all this
addresses itself now to the responsible head of
that department; and I presume the impression
which the Senator from Georgia has uttered here,
which he says is his belief, will have its influence
upon that department. If there be any such mon-
strous abuse, I hope it will be stopped. I can-
not allege that there is such an abuse. I take it
that the men who are responsible in that depart-
ment arc as anxious to save money, and carry
out the true intent of this appropriation, as any
oTher men in the public service.
Mr. President, we go on here appropriating
millions upon millions, fifty to sixty millions a
year, recognizing in every way all the great in-
dustrial interests of the country. This mere pit-
tance belongs to the greatest interest of all; that
which is the basis of all. It is a mere bagatelle.
There may be apparent errors in the administra-
tion of this department; but it is an experiment
for the benefit of agriculture. In some commu-
nities it has been successful, and in others it has
failed. Now I must say, in justice to myself,
that in my own region of my State some men have
taken a great interest in it, and made great im-
provements by the cuttings and seeds they have
received from the Patent Office, and have impressed
me with the necessity of maintaining this depart-
ment. It is but candid to say that, in other parts
of my State also, there are citizens who complain
that the seeds which they receive have failed,find
they have been disappointed ; but altogether, I say
this mere pittance may well be paid to recognize
this great interest, in your vast expenditures.
You consider commerce; you are concerned about
manufactures, and everything else. Agriculture,
which is the basis of all the other great interests,
might at least have this small recognition.
Mr. BROWN. I hope this appropriation will
be voted down. If there ever was a stupendous
humbug in this country, it is in this matter of
seeds and cuttings. If agriculture or horticul-
ture has ever boon seriously damaged, it has been
through the instrumentality of this Patent Olfice.
The whole business of distributing seeds from the
Patent Office has been simply to break up the
seedsmen, the honest dealers m thatarticle. Lan-
dreth and others have been seriously damaged in
their business; and I undertake to say that neither
agriculture nor hoitieulture has in any way ben-
efited by it. The whole thing has proved to be
a most magnificenthumbug, resulting, as all hum-
bugs do, mInflicting serious injury upon one par-
ty,and no benetit upon the other. 1 doubt very
much whether the Patent Office ever sent a valu-
able cutting to anybody, or anything that you
could not get for a mere pittance from a seedsman
or from a horticulturist. This $60,000 is mere
waste, if it were $60,000 thrown into the Poto-
mac, and utterly wasted, I should care very little
about it; but the expenditure of this money in-
terferes very sciiously, not only with people en-
gaged in an honest trade, but it humbugs honest
experimenters into the belief that they can ac-
complish something by receiving these seeds. Sir,
I have been more cursed for sending out Patent
Office seeds, tlum I have been for anything else m
the world. People tell me that they are old, de-
cayed seeds. They plant them, and they never
germinate; they never amount to anything. Gar-
dens. are lost, fields are lost, seeds aie put into the
ground that do not sprout at all. The whole thing
is a humbug. It is unworthy of the Government
to have anything to do with it. The best thing
we can do is to turn loose from the appropriation,
and let the whole thing fall. That is my judg-
ment. We took that ground two yeais ago, and
I hope we shall not return to this abuse.
The Senator from Massachusetts talks about
the cattle disease. I hope the United States is not
going to turn cow doctor. [Laughter.] What j
have we to do with the cattle disease? Is Con-
gress going to work to employ doctors to take care
of the cattle ? I understand from the Senator (hat
the Patent Office has turned its attention to that
disease. All very well, in its way; but to ask us
to make appropriations from the national Treas-
ury to look after the diseases of cattle is opening
up to us altogether a new department of business.
We see at once where this thing is to drift to.
Next we shall be asked to take cognizance of the
hog disease, the sheep disease, and so on. The
only safety is in cutting loose from it. The Gov-
ernment never had any power to buy any seeds,
or distribute any. It never had any right to doc-
tor cattle, or sheep, or hogs, or any thing else. All
that belongs to the citizens or to the States. The
Federal Government never was organized for any
such purpose. I hope that the appropriation will
be defeated.
Mr. MALLORY. I suppose, sir, that in pro-
portion to the amount involved, this really is the
most useless expenditure that we contemplate. I
have always regarded this distribution of seeds as
agreat fraud on theTreasury;and 1 agree mainly
with what has fallen from the Senatorfrom Geor-
gia. These seeds are purchased mainly in New
York, Philadelphia, and Boston, and distributed
all over the country, with the names of the seeds-
men upon them. It is simply transferring the
seeds from one State to another, to supply those
who ought to buy seeds for themselves. Another
abuse has crept up under this appropriation. If
you examine your Patent Office reports, you will
find that a vast amount of information has been
collected, but it has been plagiarized from books
which ought to be in the hbraiy of every agricul-
turist. Our agricultural monthlies and jour-
nals, and the agricultural books in our congres-
sional library, have been searched, and whole
chapters have been incorporated verbatim et liter-
atim, and put forth as Interior Department re-
ports; and I presume that, under the first clause
of this very appropriation which contemplates the
collection of information upon agricultural sub-
jects, the disease to which the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts has adverted, is to be inquired
into. I have no doubt, if we pass this appropri-
ation, a portion of the money is to go directly to
that object. I suppose the Senator from Massa-
chusetts refers to that when he makes an allusion
to that subject. I hope that the proposition will
not pass. The southern people are agricultur-
ists; but they do not appear heie and demand
seeds. My State wants none of these seeds at all.
Of course they will get a portion if you make the
appropriation; but we do not stand here and ask
for seeds; we buy our own. It is a great abuse,
sir.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, lhgler, Bingham, Cameron,
Clark, Dixon, Doohttle, Fool, Filter, Grimes-, Gwin, Hale,
Hamlin, Harlan, Hemphill, King, Lane, Latham, Nichol-
son, Polk,Powell, Saubbury,Sebastian,Simmons, Trum-
bull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Bragg, Bright, Biown, Chesnut, Cling-
man,Crittenden, Davis, Fessenden, Fitch, Green, Hunter,
Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee,
Kennedy, Mallory, Mason, Pearee, Pugh, Xiice, Slidell,
Thomson, Toombs, Wigrali, and Yulee—-23.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the question recurred upon concurring in the
amendment made as in Committee of the Whole,
to strike out the clause.
Mr. IVERSON. I believe the clause proposed
to be stricken out is now open to amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is.
Mr. IVERSON. I have an amendment to offer:
Provided, That no part ot tins amount shall be expended
as a commission, exchange, gift, dividend, or loan, or a a
compensation for extra serviecV to any eteik, messenger,
watchman, or other person ahoadv receiving a talaivoi
wages unaer the Government of the United r>uue-, nui to
any partner, employe, or member of the family of any ^neh
clerk, messenger, watchman, or othei prr>on'employed by
the United States as aforer.aid; and shouh] the pi onions o'r
this section be violated, oi any mh!i employe of the United
States be detected or bo known to sell. exchange. oi otli< t-
yviac dhpo^e of any cuttings,seed-*, or other propcMtv aid-
ing from this or any previous' agtieuitnral appioprmuon of
Congiess, such clerk, messenger, watchman, or otlun poi-
son receiving a saiaiy or wages as aforesaid, shall b.- dis-
missed trom office.
If this money is to be appropriated, I desire to
throw some guards around its wasteful, extrava-
gant, and dishonest expenditure by employe's in
the office. I know, or at least 1 have reason to
