1940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
express stipulation had been inserted in the agreement,
granting: the municipal right of sovereignty and eminent
domain to the United States, such stipulation would have
been va.d and inoperative; bciiuse the United States had
no constitutional capacity to exercise munic.pal juusdic
tion, sovereignty, or eminent domain, within the limits of
State or elsewhere, except in the cases in which it is
expressiy granted."
Another case arose not long afterwards, in
which not land, but religion, was involved, where
suit was brought against the municipality of New
Orleans because they would not allow a dead body
to be exposed at a place where, according to the
religious rites of those interested, it was deemed
they had a right thus to expose it. On that the
Supreme Court say, speaking of the ordinance
for the government of Louisiana:
" So far as they conferred political rights and secured
civil and religious liberties (wluch are political right*) thfi
la\V3 of Congress were all suspjnded by tlio State constitu-
tion ; nor isanypait of them in force, unle-s they were
adopted by the con?titution of Louisiana, as laws of the
State."—Perinoli vs. l^irU Municipality. U Howard, G10.
Thus we find the Supreme Court sustaining
the proposition that the Federal Government has
power to establish a temporary civil government
within the limits of a Territory; but that it can >
cnact no law which will endure beyond the tem- j
porary purposes for which such government was j
established. In other cases the decisions of the i
court run in the same line; and in 1S55 the then j
Attorney General, mostlearned in his profession— !
and in what else is he not learned, for ho may be |
said to be a man of universal acquirements?—At- ;
torney General Cashing then foretold what must j
have been the decision of the Supreme Couit on
the Missouri compromise, anticipating the decis- ;
ion subsequently made in the ease of Dred Scott; ;
that decision for which the venerable justices have 1
been so often and so violently arraigned. lie fore- ;
told it as the necessary consequence from the line j
of precedents descending from 1842, affirmed and 1
reaffirmed in different eases, and now bearing on ,
a case yimihtr in prmcipic, nnd only different in
the mere reference to the subject, involved fiom
those which had £011" before. .As connected Wiih
the decision which has agitated the peace of the
country; as the anticipation of that decision U fore
it was made, viewing it as the necessary conse-
quence of the decisions which the court had made
before; if it be the pleasure of the Senate, I ask
my friend from South Carolina to read for me a
letter of the Attorney General, benu; an official
answer made by him in relation to th< military
reservation which was involved in the question
before him.
Mr. CHESNITT read from the Opinions of the
Attorneys General, volume «, pa^e ,">75:
"The Supreme Cowl lias detennnied that t'w United
States nevej Ik Id any muniejp.U ^overei'jtm, juieidietion,
or light of soil m the teruiotv of whieh anv of the new
Htatv'-i have been fouued, e\oept 'or tempo.aiv puip'we-;,
and to e YOciite the trusts created by the deed.-, of ce^ion."
" By the force of the punciple, and in the. ?am<>
line.nl ad)"d:eation<, the Shipreme Omit would have had
to decide that the provision of the act of Maieh 0, IS2U 
which undertakes to determine in advance in/ imiaie-pal
law of all that portion of the original piovmce of Louisiana
whicli lies noith of the juiallelol 'An*  ?0' noith latitude,
was mill and void ub inecjpto, ii it had not been n-pealed hy
a recent act of Congress, ^Comp. IV.. Stat. <u 1 .ai:;c, p.
848, and X. Stat at Lai<je, p. *>9.) Fot an aet of Convicts
which pretends ol njiht, and without consent or compact,
to impose on the municipal power o! any new Slate or
State* limitations ami uMriettoiw not imposed on all, id
contiary to the fundamental condition oi the Contedeiation,
according to which there is to be equ«iht\ ol nsht between
the old and new States ' in all icsp -i In uhntsouvet.'
Mr. DAVIS. It was not lon^ after tins official
opinion of the Attorney General before the case
arose on which the decision was made which haa
so agitated the country. Fortunate, indeed, was it
for the public peace that land and religion had been
decided—those questions on which men mi^ht
reason had been the foundation of judicial decision
—before that which dmes all reason, it seems,
from the mind of man, came to be presented: the
question wiiether CuiTee should be kept m his
normal condition or not; the question whether the
Congress of the United States could decide what
might or uiij>ht net be piop'Tty in a TeinJory.
The case being that of an officer of the Army sent
into a Territory io perform hv> public duty, having
taken with him ins negro siave. The court, how-
ever, m giving- their decision m this case—or their
opinion, if it suits gentlemen better—have gone
into the question with such clearness, such pre-
cision, and such amplitude, that it will relieve me
from the necessity of arguing it any further to
make a reference to some sentences contained in
that opinion. And here let me say, I cannot see
how those who agreed on a former occasion that
the constitutional right of the slaveholder to take
his property into the Territory—the constitutional
power of the Congress and the constitutional
power of the Territory to legislate upon that sub-
ject—should be a judicial question, can now at-
tempt to escape the operation of an opinion which
covers the exact political question which it was1
known beforehand the court would be called upon
to decide. Decided in strictness of technical lan-
guage it was known it could not be. Hundreds,
thousands, a vast variety of cases mayr arise, and
centuries elapse, and leave that court, if our Union
still exists, deciding questions m relation to that
character of property in the Territories; but the
great and fundamental idea was that, after thirty
years of angry controversy, dividing the people
and paralyzing the arm of the Federal Govern-
ment, some umpire should be sought which would
compose the difficulty and set it upon a footing to
leave us in future to procecd in peace; and that
umpire was selected which the Constitution had
provided to decide questions of law. I ask my
friend to read some extracts from the decision.
Mr. CHESNCJT read as follows, from the case
of Dred Scott vs. Sandford, pp. 55, 56, and 57:
" The Tcrntory beimj a part of the United States, the
Government anil the citizen both entei it under the author-
ity of the Constitution, with their respective rights defined
and rnaikcd out; and the Fedeial Government can exer-
cise no power over his person or piopcity bevond what
tiiat instalment contort, nor lawfully deny any uc ht which
it has le^esved."'
"The powcis over person and propeityof which we
speak are not only not panted to Consic-s, hut are in ex-
j>te>s3 t^nn denied, and they aie foib.dden to eveieise them.
And tuia prohibition is not confined to the States, but the
I word* axe general, and extend to the whole terutoiy over
j w Inch the Constitution gives it powei to le^i date, including
I those pomons of it remaining under territoilal sovern-
1 meat, a< well as that coveied hy States, it is a total ab-
1 sence of power evei>wnere within the dominion of the
I Cnitod Slates, and places the citizens of a Terutoiy, so far
| a. i lie- e unlit* are concerned, on thc-ame footing with citi-
I /.ens of the State*, and guauis them as firmly and plainly
i ajMin-tan> nno.uh which the General Government might
! ati'Mnpt midei the plea of implied or incidental powers. And
' it Coii'ii e-s it ell < annot do this—if it is beyond the powers
'••nnft rred on the Federal Government—it will he admitted,
; 1 \\ e presume, thr-t it could notauthoi ize ateuitoiial jrovem-
meni in exeunt them It could confer no power on anv
! local government, established hy its amhouty, to violate
! the pto\ iMOUMil iim Constitution.* * * *
■I '• And if the ('mWiiturlon tv' o<?nr/(es the right of property
; i o! the ma-tet in a slave, and makes no distinction between
' | that descuption ot piopert.v and other piopeity owned hy a
i' eiti/.en, ii" tiihunal, acting under the authu.ity of the I'm-
!' ted Stalin, wiu.her u be legislative, executive, or judicial,
, h.r- a i isht to draw «\icji a distinction, or deny to it the ben-
efit ot the piovtsjons find guarantees winch have been pio-
vided foi tin' 01 pi.vate propeity against the en-
-1 eio.irhiniiii-. of tne Government.^ *
'• This is done in plain word -—too plain to bemisnnder-
|; Mood. And no word can be lound in the Constitution which
!■ giv -s Congress a frrewter power over slave property, or
|i winch entitle - piupeit.v of that kind to less protection than
II piopeity of any other description. The only power con-
'{ i'eu'ed is the power couplod with the duty of guarding and
11 protecting the owner in his lights.
i '• Cpon these eonsideiatioivsit  s the opinion of the court
I that the ,.et of Congress which prohibited a citizen fiom
I bidding and owning property of this kind m the tcrntory of
1! the United States north of the line therein mentioned, is
! not wananted hvthe Constitution, and is theretore void;
1' au<l that neither Dred ^eott himself, nor any of his family,
'1 weie mad 1 tree by being earned into this territory; even if
1 thev had been cairied theie by the owner, with the inten-
tion of becoming a peimanent resident."'
All'. DAVIS. Here, then, Mr. President, I say
;; the umpire selected as die referee in the contro-
j v> rsy h.ts decided that neither the Congress nor
! its ogent, the territorial government, 1ms the
| power to invade or impair the right of property
within the limits of a Territory. I will not in-
quire whether it he technically a decision or not.
j It was obligatory on those who selected the um-
i pire ond agreed to abide by the award.
It is well known to those who have been asso-
; ciated with me in the two Houses of Congress
, that, from the commencement of the question, I
have been the determined opponent of what is
! called squatter sovereignty. I never gave it coun-
1 tenanre,and I am now least of all disposed to give
it quarter. In 1848 it made its appearance for
1 good purpose-"!. It was ushered in by a great and
good man. He brought it forward because of
that distrust which he had in the capacity of the
/ Government to bear the rude shock to which it
'■ was exposed. His apprehension, no doubt, to
; some extent sharpened and directed his patriotism,
and his reflection led him to a conclusion to which,
X doubt not, to-day he adheres as tenaciously as
ever; but from which it was my fortune, good or
ill, to dissent when his letter was read to me in
manuscript; I being, together with some other
persons, asked, though not by the writer, whether
or not it should be sent. At the first blush, I
believed it to be a fallacy—a fallacy fraught with
mischief; thatitescaped an issue which was upon
us which it was our duty to meet; that it escaped
it by a side path, which led to greater^anger. I
thought it a fallacy which would sur™y be ex-
ploded. I doubted then, and still more for some
time afterwards, when held to a dread responsi-
bility for the position which I occupied—I doubted
whether 1 should live to see that fallacy exploded.
It has been more speedily and, to the country,
more injuriously, than 1 anticipated. In the
mean time, what has been its operation ? Let
Kansas speak—the first great field on which the.
trial was made. What was then the consequence ?
The Federal Government withdrawing control,
leaving the contending sections, excited to the
highest point upon this question, each to send
forth its army, Kansas became the battle field, and
Kansas the cry which well nigh led to civil war.
This was the first fruit. More deadly than the
fatal upas, its effect was not limited to the mere
spot of ground on which the dew fell from its
leaves, but it spread throughout the United States;
it kindled all which had been collected for years
of inflammable material. It was owing to the
strength of our Government and the good sense
of the quiet masses of the people that it did not
wrap our country in one widespread conflagra-
tion.
What right had Congress then, or what right
has it now, to abdicate any power conferred upon
it as trustee of the States ? What right had Con-
gress then, or has it now, to shrink from the per-
formance of a duty because the mere counters
spread on the table may be swept off, when they
have not answered the purposes for which they
were placed? What is it to you or me, or any
one, when we weigh our own continuation m place
against the great interests of which we are con-
servators; against the welfare of the country, and
the liberty of our posterity to the remotest ages?
What is it, I say, which can be counted in the
balance on our side against the performance of that
duty which is imposed upon us? If any one be-
lieves Congress has not the constitutional power,
he acts conscientiously in insisting upon Congress
not usurping it. If any one believes that the
squatters upon the lands of the United States
within a Territory are invested with sovereignty,
having won it by some of those processes unknown
to history, without grant or without revolution,
without money and without price, he adhering to
the theory may pursue it to its conclusion. To
the first class, those who claim sovereign power
over the Territories for Congress, I say, lay your
hand upon the Constitution, and find there the
warrant of your authority. Of the second, those
of whom 1 have last spoken, I aslc, in the Con-
stitution, reason, right, or justice, what is there
to sustain your theory ?
The phraseology which has been employed on
this question seems to me to betray a strange con-
fusion of ideas. To speak of a sovereignty, a
plenary legislative power deriving its power from
an agent; a sovereignty held subject to articles
with the formation of which that sovereignty had
nothing to do; a compact to which it was- not a
party ! You say to a sovereign, " A and B have
agreed on certain terms between themselves, and
you must govern your conduct according to them;
vet I do not deny your sovereignty!" That is,
the power to do as they please, provided it con-
forms to the rule which others chose to lay down!
Can this be a definition of sovereignty?
But again, sir, nothing seems to me more illo-
gical than the argument that this power is acquired
by a grant from"the Congress, connected with the
j| other argument that Congress have not got the
i! power to do the act themselves; that is to say,
il that the'fecipient takes more than the giver pos-
sessed; that a Territorial Legislature can do any-
thing which a State Legislature can do, and that
" subject to the Constitution" means merely the
restraints imposed upon both. This is con-
founding the whole theory and the history of our
Government. TheStateswere the grantors; they
made the compact; they gave the Federal agent
its powers; they inhibited themselves from doing
certain things, and all else they retained to them-
