2884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
upon withsomeastonishment by such men as Ru-
fus King, and those who were then in the Senate.
They looked at each other, and it was whispered
around, " is it supposed that it will affect any
man's vote by having the votes recorded ?" The
wonder ran all around the Senate. This call comes
from the Senator from Virginia, for whom I have
the highest respect; and I know he will take my
reminiscence in good part, and not accuse me of
unkindness ,to him.
Mr. MASON. None in the world, sir. Mr.
President, the Senator from Kentucky is speak-
ing of forty years ago. I very much apprehend
that the Senate of the United States has changed
its character in thelastforty years. I do not speak,
of course, ofthe Senators who represent States—I
speak ofthe Senate. Sir, we have^ known what
was unknown forty years ago—citizens of the
States canvassing the States, addressing the peo-
ple in public assemblies for a seat in the Senate.
We have known that. "We have known of Sen-
ators leaving their seats here and going to the Le-
gislatures in session, when tjie election was to take
place, to canvass there for a seat in the Senate.
We have known that. I say, sir, the Senate of
the United States has changed its character in
forty years. The Senate of theUnited States was
intended by the Constitution to be a deliberative
body; it was intended by the tenure of its office—
a more extended tenure than is given to any office
of the Federal Government, not excepting the
President, the highest officer—to be placed beyond
the reach of popular emotion. We have passed
that stage. The Senator is speaking of forty years
ago. We are deliberating now after the lapse of
forty years. The Government is undergoing a
change. We are realizing Democratic proclivities.
We are realizing that which the Constitution
never intended. The Constitution has guarantied
a republican form of government, aud that is as
much an exclusion of a democracy us it is of a
monarchy. I say, with the great respect 1 bear
to the honorable Senator from Kentucky, that in
the day to which he alludes, forty yeais ago, the
Senate understood its constitutional organization;
it was a deliberative body. Now, it is a popular
body; and here we are seuHlingaboutan appropri-
ation of $60,000—for what purpose5 Todistubute
alms amongst the people to buy their votes—no
other purpose, none in the world. I beg the pardon
of the honorable Senator from Kentucky for re-
peating to him again that forty years ago the char-
acter of the Senate was felt by Senators m its con-
stitutional position, and that it his since changed.
I called for tlu: yeas and nays on this proposition,
and 1 hope I shall be sustained in the call. The
amendment has been changed since the yeas and
nays were last called for. The amendment has
been changed by adopting a provision offered by
the Senator from Georgia. I trust toexposo to the
States the character of tins appropriation, and what
it leads to; and I hope the yeas and nays will be
taken on it. The character of the amendment has
been changed since the vote was last taken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, whether the Senate will concur in striking out
the clause as now amended. The yeas aud nays
are called for.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALE. I happened to be out of the
Chamber when the Senator from Virginia com-
menced his remarks, and I was not favored with
hearing the whole of them. I got in just when
he was demonstrating that Democracy was un-
constitutional. I have long been of that opinion
myself; but I do not understand the application
of it to this proposition.
•The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 30: as follows:
YEAS—ttragg, Blight, Brown, Chesnut, Cling-
mau, Crittenden, i);ivt*, Fes-emlen, Fitch, Giecn, Huntei,
Ivrrs'in, Johnson of .AiKausas Kennedy, Malloiy, Mason,
Peaice, Pugh, Rice, fcMideli, Toombs, Wiglali, and Yulee
—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Boiler, Bingham, Cameron,
Chandler, Clark, Doolittlc,"l3urkeo, Foot, Foster, Gumcs,
Ciwin, Hale, JJamim3 Harlan, Hemphill, John>on of Ten-
ne^ee, King, Iiane, Latham. Nicholson, Polk, Fowell,
SauMniry, Sebastian, Rnnmtms, Tiumbull, Wade, Wil-
kinson, and Wilson—- 00.
So the amendment striking out the clause was
non-concm-retl in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to renew art amend-
ment which was offered in the Committee of the
Whole by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Green,] No. 43,1 believe, making an appropria-
tion of some six thousand five hundred dollars,
recommended by the Secretary of War, for com-
pleting the maps and reducing the observations
ofthe survey for an interoceanic ship canal near
the Isthmus of Darien, by way of the Atrato and
Truando rivers. The amendment ia on the table,
and I desire to renew it.
The Secretary re'ad the amendment,as follows:
For the purpose of paying existing liabilities, and to fur-
nish the maps and calculations of the suivey of the Atrato
route of interoceanic canal, $6,500.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will say that this sur-
vey has been made, and the officer having charge
of it, Mr. Michlor, has made his report to Colonel
Abert. Colonel Abert says:
"I would invite your attention, to the report of Lieuten-
ant Miehler, vvlio, under assignment of the War Depart-
ment, was engaged upon the survey of the interoceanic
ship canal near the Isthmus of Darien, via the Atrato and
Truando rivers.
<{ Since his return from the sccnc of hi? field operations,
considerable p\ogress was made in the reduction of obscx-
vations and preparing the maps, until the want of means
compelled him to suspend progress, and discharge the com-
puters and diaught&mcn.
" The valuable inlbunation procured by Lieutenant Mieh-
ler should not be left in its unfinished condition in the ar-
chives of the bureau; but such will be the ease unless
Congre.-s will giant the aid of a-small appropriation, for
which Lieutenant Miehler presents an estmMte of $8,500;
winch include* the amount already due his assi.vtant«, and
that required to complete the lepoit and maps, which may
be laid betbie Congress at an eaily day.
"The estimate is approved by the bureau, and your rec-
ommendation to Congress lor the passage of the appropu-
ation is iesj>ccttully urged.''
The Secretary of War calls attention to this
report, and concludes what ho has to say upon
the subject by stating:
" I would icspeetlully invite your attention to the report
of Lieutenant Miehler, who, undei alignment ot the War
Department, was engaged upon the survey of an inter-
oceanic ship canal neai the Isthmus of Daueti, via the At-
rato and Tiuando rivers. Since his leturnfrom the scene of
his field operation*, considerable progiess has been made
m the leduction of obseivations and preparing the maps,
until the want of mean* compelled htm to suspend piog
res-s and discharge the computers and draughtsmen. The
valuable information proeuied by Lieutenant Miehler
should not be lei tin itj> unthushed condition in.the aiehives
ofthe bureau, to prevent winch a -.mall appropiiaUou will
be required."
That is the information in regard to it; and I
am informed that Congicss having made an ap-
propriation at a former session for the purpose of
making the survey, it is desirable that the coun-
try should have the benefit of it. The appropria-
tion asked is only $6,500. I hope the Senate will
concur in it.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes twenty-
eight, noes no! counted.
Mr. BROWN. I moved an amendment yes-
terday ill reference to the extension of the court-
house part of the City Hall, which, in aver/thin
Senate, was rejected by a small majority. A now
propose to reoffer it in the Senate:
Foi the extension of the west part of the City Hall, in the
city of Washington, for the puipo>e ol aiVoiding needful
accommodation's furthe oneuit and othorcouitsof the Dis-
trict ot Columbia, §30,000; said sum to be expended under
the direction ot the Secietaiy of the Jntenur, who shall
assign the rooms m said extension among s.ud couits and
then otficens.
I hope that, for two minutes, I may have the
attention of the Senate upon this question.
Mr. TOOMBS. You argued it once fully.
Mr. BROyVN. I know I argued it once, and I
shall argue it again to Senators who will not lis-
ten. The Government has a vast interest m this
question. Its archives, I tell Senators now, arc
lying in the halls of the court-house building,
commonly know as the City Hull, exposed—ex-
posed to everybody; exposed to all sorts of dep-
redations, and simply because the Government
has provided noplace fortheirsafe-keeping. They
are records in which the Government has a large
concern, involving its own interests; involving
everybody else smterest. The City Hall does not
belong to the Government. It wasonginally con-
structed by the city of Washington, at a cost of
some seventy thousand dollars. The Government
purchased an interest in it. It never has dis-
charged its obligation for that interest. It now
occupies about three fifths of the whole building;
and 1 state, upon personal knowledge, that it never
has paid three fifths of the cost. Its own officers,
its own courts, the Government courts, require
larger accommodations. What you are asked to
do, is not to afford court-housc accommodations
for Wxshington, but court-house accommoda-
tions for yourselvesjfor the Federal Government.
The Federal Government appoints these judges;
pays them out of the national Treasury. They
sit by your authority. Every suit, unless it be
brought between private parties, is brought in
the name of the United States. They are Federal,
and not district courts. The city of Washing-
ton has its own municipality, Georgetown has
its, and the District of Columbia outside of the
two cities has what is called the levy court. That
is their government. Everything beyond that is
in Congress. You appoint the judges; you arrest
the prisoners; whatever is done is done by your
authority; and I tell you, from a personal inspec-
tion of the premises, that you have not provided
accommodations for your own courts. Your own
judges say so. Three Secretaries of the Interior
in succession have said the same thing, and no
member of this body can go into the court-house
and look at it, who will not come back convinced
that the court-house accommodations are insuffi-
cient for the transaction, not of the District busi-
ness, but of your business—the business of the
Government.
The accommodations for your own courts are
insufficient; and no man, 1 undertake to say, in
Congress or out of it, can go and examine the
premises and come to any other conclusion. For
years and years this appropriation has been asked
for. Congress has refused it, as it did the other
day and may do it again to-night, simply bccause
it is supposed to be a sort of douceur offered to the
District of Columbia. I know that the people
here have the least imaginable interest in it. It
is an interest of the Government—an interest
which belongs to you, which belongs to the States,
belongs to all of us, and which we ought to attend
to. You build court-houses in every State of the
Union. There is not a State of the Union where
the Government has not erected a court-house foi
its own accommodation. Why should you uoi
crect a court-house here ? The Senator from Min-
nesota [Mr. Rice] suggests that there is one State
where you have not erected court-houses. Per-
haps you have not in little Minnesota, because
she has not been long in; but certainly in all the
older States you have built court-houses, at a large
expense. You are bound to doit. They are your
courts. Why should the States be called upon to
build court-houses for the accommodation of the
Federal Government? Why should this District
be called upon to build a court-house for your ac-
commodation? The things assimilate. These
are your courts, held foi your accommodation;
everything is done underyour authority. Itwould
be the same thing to the District of Columbia if
you had no court-house. Washington city pun-
ishes its own criminals, through its own author-
ity, and has nothing to do with your court-house;
Georgetown does the same thing; and the county
portion of the District of Columbia does the same
thing. Yourauthority exists entirely above them;
independent of them. You have no more right
to ask the people of this District to build court-
houses here for your accommodation than you
have to ask the people of the States to do it; nor
even as much. You have built court-houses in
New York, in Massachusetts, in New Hamp-
shire, in all the States; and why should you not
do it here ? All that is asked by the amendment
is that you shall make ample, proper, and decent
accommodation for your own courts.
Mr. MASON. If the Senator, who is chairman
of the Committee on the District of Columbia, will
ask for an appropriation to build a couit-house
for the purposes of the Distiict, as separated from
those of the city, I shall cheerfully vote for it.
Mr. BROWN. I have to say to the Senator
from Virginia, that the ground upon winch the
Ciiy Hall stands belongs to the Government, and
no conveyance of it has ever been made to the
city of Washington. The city of Washington
has simply an interest, by the sufferance of the
Government, in the building that stands upon it.
Mr MASON. I will state the reasons why I*
make the suggestion. Amongst the earliest things
1 was called upon to do when I came into the
Senate, some twelve oi fourteen years ago, was
to vote an appropriation of some forty thousand
dollars to enable the city of Washington to com-
plete the City Hall; and the reason assigned for it
