1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
997
derson, Ashmore, Aveiy, Baiksdale, Bingham, Blair, ;
Blii'io, Boeoek, Bonham, Boyce, Brabson, Branch, Bris-
tow, Buffinton, Burnett, Burnham, Caiey, Ca*e, John B.
Claik, Clopton, Cobb, Coltax, UonMing, Uovorte. Button
Oraige, CidWl'oul, U. Wintei Davis, John G. Davit, Dawes,
Delano, EdiniJnd on, Eiiot, Etlieridge, Ferry, roarer, uar-
trcli, Gilmer, Goocli, Grow, Gurley, Hall, Hardeman, John
T. Harris, lla-km, Hawkins, Helmiek, Hoard, Uoimati,
Houston, Hughes, Humphrey, Hutching, Irvine, Jackson,
Jenkins, Jones, Junkin, James M. Iieacii, _; ■>
Loomis, Maclay, Mallory, Marion, U'>arle> ®J"un 
IVlcKean, MeKmght, Mcl'licr-on, McQueen, Meltae,
Montgomery, "Labnn T. Moore, Mooihean, M°r"
rill, Edward Jov Morris, Nehon, Nixon, Noei, Olm, I ey-
ton, Phelps, Pottle, l'rjor, 1'ugH, Reagan, lhce, Rigp,
Christopher Robinson, Rufliu, BedRwick, sherman, Single-
ton, William Smith, William N. H. Smith, Somes Spin-
ner, Stallwortli, Stanton, Steven", Stevenson, William
Stewart ftokes, Tiiaytr, Thomas, Tor.ipkin.-, 'train,
Trimble Underwood, Vance, Walton, Israel Washburn,
Webster, Winsiow, Wood, and Wright—117.
So the rules were not suspended.
Pending the above call,
Mr. HOWARD stated that he was paired with
Mr. Theaker.
Mr NI BLACK stated that he was paired for the
day with his colleague, Mr. Porter, who was
detained at his rooms by illness in his family.
The vote was then announced, as above re-
corded.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Only thirty-
seven men have evinced their favor for a propo-
sition for the improvement of rivers and harbors.
Mr. SHERMAN. In order to give gentlemen
an opportunity to introduce resolutions, I will
withdraw the motion I made. I give the House
notice, however, that I will, to-morrow, after the
morning hour, ntiove that the House proceed to
the consideration of business upon the Speaker's
tabic; whicli motion will then be strictly in order.
Several Members. That is right.
PACIFIC RAILIIOAD.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I have been
requested^by members on all sides of the House,
and from different sections of the Union, who are
the friends of a Pacific railroad, to move the adop-
tion of the .resolution 1 send to the Clerk's desk
to be read. 1 .submit it for the reason that I can-
not serve upon it, on account of the pressure of
other duties. If objection be made to the resolu-
tion, I will move to suspend the rules, in order
that it may be introduced.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved. That the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union be discharged linm the further consideration oi
so much of the President's message as relates- to a railroad to
the Pacific, and that the tame be referred to a select com-
mittee of fiiteen members, with leave to report by bill or
otherwise.
Mr. CURRY. I object. .
Mr. SH ERM AN. I move, then, that the rules
be suspended for the purpose I have indicated.
Mr. CURRY. I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. W1NSLOW. I call for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered;"and Messrs. Winslow
and Farxsworth were appointed.
The question \vfas taken; and the yeas and nays
were ordered, the tellers having; reported—ayes
33, noes 77, (more than one fifth of those present
voting in the affirmative.) .
The question was taken; and it was decided m
the affirmative—yeas 125, nays 43; as follows:
YE\S—Messrs. Charle  F. Adams, Green Adams. Ad-
ram. Aldrich, Alle\, William C. Anderson, Aveiv, bab-
bit!,' Barren, EJingitain, Blair, Blake, Bralison. Bn?to\v,
Buffinton. flinch, B'inihain, Bnirouuli", I'arey. Case. John
B. Clark. John Cochrane, Colfax, Conklins, Cooper, tor-
win. t'ovode. James, Craig, Curtis, John G. Ilnvis. D.uves,
ileiano, Dueil, Dunn, EIiot.Etheridse, f'uin-\voith. lerry,
Florence. Fo.-tor, Fouko, ( ooch, Grow. Gill Icy, IIaio. Hall.
J. Morrison llairis, Uarkin, llatton, Helmiek. Hindman,
Hoard, iJoimin, Howard, Humplirej. Hiitohms, Jictne,
Junkin, William Kc!Io:s. Kiliroie, Lanabee, Lee, l,o«an,
Looim*, Ij<)vcjo\ . Maokiv. Marion. Cliarbv I), inaitui,
EUwrt S.MartmV Mavnaid, McClrmaml, MrKcan. *«•>
KnicnU Mcl'licr-on, Lahan T. Mooh\ Mooihcud. Mornh,
KdwanI Joy Mom:?, Moue, Nelson. INthlack, Ni\ojj,
ISooll, Olm, Ponuh'toii. Pom, Peyton. Phelps.Potter. Pot-
tle, Kcasan, Ut'ytiohK Kice, f hiistopher Ilohinson, .lames
C. Robinson, liou'i*, ^ehvwut/,, Seotr, iScUijwscK. irh-r
. _  v"   , o -,,W'.lli iin
"Washburn, W< b-ter, Weil-:, Wilson. Wnidom,anu \\ ood-
r\AV -1 s. Ashuiore. Baiksdale, Boeoek, Iioidiam,
Bnvoe, Bianeh, Binnoit, Cloiiton, Cobb, Burton Ciu«v.
Criiwfnid.<'miv. David-on. 1Mmm. Gartrell, Gilmer.
Hardeman. Joint '1' Hani--, llaukuis, Hill, Houston. Jack-
son, .lellkil^, Jones. Jamil... M • Lc.ull, l^eake, Mctill^t'ji.
Mill-on, Sydenham Mooie. I'nnr, l'ii;h, Rift'j, l.ublii,
Singleton, William N. H. Smith, Stalls ortb, Stauton, m«-
ven«on. Underwood, Yanee, Whiteiey, Win-low, and
Wright—43.
So the rules were suspended for the purpose
indicated.
Pending the above call,
Mr. N1BLACK stated that he was released
from his pair, and that he voted in the affirmative.
Mr. MARTIN,ofVirginia,said: Mr.Speaker,
I vote to send the question of a Pacific railroad to
a select committee; but I do not wish that vote
to be considered as committing me; I only want
the question to be investigated and reported upon,
and that then it shall come up for the decision of
the House.
Messrs. FRENCH and MALLORY were not
within the bar when their .names were called, and
asked the unanimous consent of the House for
leave to vote. j
Objection was made. I
The vote was then announced, as above re- ;
corded. !.
Tire SPEAKER. The resolution is now before j
the House. :
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I ask the gentleman j
from Ohio to permit me to move the following j
amendment to his resolution: j
And thai all bdls, resolutions, and memorials, relating to 1
the same subject, b" referred to said committee, and said j
committee have leave to report at any time. !
Mr. BRANCH. I object. j
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to the last clause |
of the proposed'amendment, and object to grant- j
ing leave to report at any time. If the gentleman
strikes out the words, " and said committeelmve
leave to report at any time," I will accept his
I amendment as a modification of my resolution,
i Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I am willing that
those words shall be stricken out, but I think
they ought to be included. They bring the result
of the investigation promptly before the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I acccpt the modification,
and I call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the resolution was adopted.
Air. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the rote ,
by which the resolution was adopted; and also ;
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon i
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SHIP CANAL AT NIAGARA FALLS.
Mr. BURROUGHS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce the following reso-
lution:
Revived, That a special committee, to consist of nine
members, be appointed bv the Speaker to inquire into the
expediency of aiding the State of New Vork in construct-
ing a ship canal aionnd the Falls of Niagara, with author-
ity' to report at any time.
Objection was made.
Mr. BURROUGHS. I move that the rules be
suspended for the purpose I have indicated.
! Mr. CURTIS. I demand tellers.
! Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sedgwick
! add Bingham were appointed.
1 The rules were not suspended, (two thirds not
i voting in the affirmative,) the tellers having re-
i ported—ayes seventy-one, noes not counted.
; adjournment sixe die.
I Mr. BARKSDALE. I ask the unanimous con-
■ sent of the House for leave to introduce the fol-
• lowing resolution:
Resolved, hi the Senate and House of Representatives.
That the President of the Senate and the Speaker ol the
House of Uemesentatives be authorized to close the pres-
ent session, bv adjournal!; their respective Houses on Mon-
' day. the itii d'a\ of June, at twelve o'clock at noon.
i Mr. CURTIS. I object.
i Mr. BARKSDALE. I move that the rules be
suspended for the purpose I have indicated; and
on that question 1 demand tellers.
; 'Tellers were ordered-, and Messrs. Train", ana
' Craio of Missouri, wire appointed.
The question was pur, and the tellers repotted
i —aves yt>. noes 29. T
I\'Ir. GROW. I demand the yeas and nays, l
am opposed to fixing any time for an adjournment
i; until we have discharged the business ot the ses-
• sion.
The Teas and nays were ordered.
< The ouesuon was taken: and it was decided hi
; the ncgative—ycas Ot), nays CD; as follows:
1' YEAS—llessis. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
rain, Aldrich, Alley,William C. Anderson, Avery, Babbitt,
Barksdale, Barrett, Boriftam, Brabson, Briggs, Bristow,
Buffinton, Burch, "Burnett, John B. Clark, Cloptoll, John
Cochrane, Coukling, Cooper, James Craig, Burtoti.Craige*
Davidson, John G. Davis, Dawes, Delano, Eliot, Farns-
worth, Ferry, Foster, Fouke, French, Gartrell, Hall, lojin
T. Harris, Hawkins, Hindman, Houston, Howard, Hughes,
Irvine, Jackson, Jones, Kilsore, Larrabee, .Leake, Logan,
Love, Lovejoy, Maclay, Mailorr, Charles 0. Mania, .Ei&ert
S. Martin, MeClernauil, McQueen, McUae, Montgomery,
Laban T. Mooie, Sydenham Moore, Nfbfack, iVoen, Pen-
dleton, Perry, Peyton, l'helps, Potter, Pryor, Pugll. fisagan,
Rice, Rigtjs, James C. Robinson, Koyet', Kuflin, Scott,
Sedgwick, Singleton, William Smith, Spauiding, Stanton,-
Stevenson, William Stewart, Stratton, Taylor^ Thayer,
Thomas, Underwood, Cadwalader C. Washburn, I'-liibu
B. Wasliltume, Whiteiey, Wilson, Windorn, Woodruff,
and Wright—95.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashley, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Branch,
Burluigame, Burnliam, Case, Cobb, Coifax, Corwin, Co-
vode, Curtis, Duell, Dunn, Etheridge, Florence, Gilmer,
Oooch, Grow, Gurley, Hale, Haskin, Ilclmick, Hill, Hoard,
llolman, Humphrey, Hutch ins, Jenkins, Junkin, Francis
W. Kellogg, William Keilogs, James M. Leach, Lee, Loo-
mis, Mareton, Maynnrd, MeKean, MeKnijiht, SlePherson,
Million, Millward, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy Mor-
ris, Nelson, Nixon, Olm, Pottle, Christopher Jtobinson,
Schwartz, Sherman, William N. H. Smith, Spinner, Ste-%
vens, Stokes, Stout, Tappan, Tompkins, Train, Trimble,
I Vandever,Van Wyck. Waldron, Walton,Israel Washburn,
Wells, and Winslow—69.
So the rules were not suspended, (two thirds
not voting in the affirmative.)
Pending the above call,
Mr. ROBINSON, of Rhode Island, stated that
| his colleague, Mr. Bkayton, was paired with Mr.
i Stewart, of Maryland. -
| The vote was then an noune.cd, as above recorded.
I CONGRESSIONAL INVESTIGATION.
1 Mr. COVODE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to introduce the resolutions
I send to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Ke*olve<I. That acommitteeof five members be appointed
by the Speaker, for the purpose of investigating whether the
Picsident of the United States, or any other officer of the
Government, ha=>, by money, patronage, or other improper
mean«, sought to influence the action of Congress, or any
committee thereof, for or against the passage of any law
appertaining to the rights ot any State or Territory; also,
to inquire into and investigate whether any ofiiccr or oth-
er- of th'* Government have, by combination or otherwise,
movented or defeated, or attempted to prevent or defeat,
the execution of any law 01 laws now upon the statute-
book, ami whether the President has tailed or refused to
crmipc\ the execution ofaiw law thereof ^ and thatsaid com-
mittee slmll invougate and inquire into the abuses at the
Uhica^o or other post offices, and at the Philadelphia and
other ilavy-yaid?, and into any abuses in connection with
the public buildings and other public works of the United
States
./Srni resolved further, Thtu.asthoPrssvd<mt,iniUs letter
to th<s Pittsburg centenary celebration, of the 2oth Novem-
ber, 1853. speaks oi the employment of money to coerce
elections, said committee shall inquire into and aseertam
the amount so us«d in Pennsylvania, and any other btate
or States, in what districts it was expended, ana hy whom,
and by whose authority it was done, and trom what source
the money was derived, and to report the names oi the
parties implicated; and that, for the purpose aforesaid, saiU
committee shall have power to send ior persons and papers,
and to report at any time.
Before the Clerk concludcd the reading of the
resolutions. i.
Messrs. FLORENCE and WHITELEY ob-
i ^ih.'COVODE. Then I move to suspend the
t rules, that the resolutions may be introduced.
I Mr. FLORENCE. I want a statement of the
i o-rounds upon which those resolutions are nitro-
S duced here. If there is any evidence, let it be
i specified; and if there are any specified charges, I
j am as ready to vote for an investigation as any
! member hero.
|i The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Colfax in
t]le chair.) The resolutions will be read through.
M Mr. FLORENCE. Enough has been read to
let us know what the resolutions are. _
;i The SPEAKER pro tempore. The resolutions
i: must be read through.
i: Mr. HINDMAN. We have not heard the first
!l portion of the resolutions distinctly enough to un-
:: derstand. it, and f hope they will be read again
i: The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will
li read the entire resolutions when gentlemen take
!l their seats and order is restored- .
i Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise to a point of
i; order. It is, that it is not in order in this House
'■ for anv member to propose an investigation upon
!' vasuc", loose, and Indefinite charges; but it is his
|i duty to state the grounds distinctly upon whlCB
! he predicates his inquiry. If the gentleman who
;! offered these resolutions will state to the House,
I! noon Ins responsibility as a member of the House,
II that hetnows, or has been informed and believes,
