1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1941
selve3. This Federal agent got just so much as
the States chose to give, no more. It could do
nothing save by warrant of the authority of the
grant made by the Status. Therefore its powers
are not comparable to the powers of the State
Legislature, because one is the creature of grant,
and the other the exponent of sovereign power.
The Supreme Court have covered the whole
ground of^the relation of the Congress to the Ter-
ritorial Legislatures—the agent of the States and
the agent of the Congress—and the restrictions
put upon the one are those put upon the other, in
language so clear as to render it needless further
to labor the subject.
In 1850, following the promulgation of this no-
tion of squatter sovereignty, wc had the idea of J
non-intervention introduced into the Senate of the
United States, and it is strange to me how that
idea has expanded. It seems to have been more
malleable than gold, to have been hammered out
to an extent that covers boundless regions undis-
covered by those who proclaimed the doctrine.
T\Ton-i ntervention thcnmeant,asthedebates show,
that Congress should neither prohibit nor estab-
lish slavery in the Territories. That I hold to
now. Will any one suppose that Congress then
meant by non-intervention that Congress should
legislate in no regard in respcct to property in
slaves? Why, sir, the very acts which they
passed at the time refute it. There is the fugi-
tive slave law,and thatabomination oflaws which
assumed to confiscate the property of a citizen
who'should attempt to bring it into this District
with intent to remove it to sell it at some other
time and at some other place. Congress acted then
upon the subject, acted beyond the limit of its
authority as 1* believed, confidently believed; and
if ever that act comes before the Supreme Court,
I feel satisfied that they will declare it null and
void. Aie we to understand that those men, thus
acting at the very moment, intended by non-in-
tervention to deny and repudiate the laws they
were then creating' The man who stood most
prominently the advocate of the measures of that
year, who, great m many periods of our history,
perhaps shone then with the brightest light his
genius ever emitted—1 refer to Henry Clay—has
given his own view on this subject; and I sup-
pose he may be consid^ied as the highest author-
ity. On June 18, 1850, I had introduced an
amendment to the compromise bill, providing:
" And that all laws, oi pan? oflaws, limits, or customs,
preexir-tinii in the Tcrritones aequo ed by the Fmred States
from Mexico, and which m said 'IV'iitorie? restrict, abiidge,
or obstruct the full en ownenlof any tight of p.'iMm <n
property ot a citizen oi the Crated State?, a* recognized or
guaranteed bvtUe Con-titi.tm-i ot l.nv^ of the United States,
are hereby declared and shall be held repealed.'5
Upon that, Mr. Clay said:
"Mr. President, I thought that upon tin - Mib'cct there
had been a clear undcstand'nii tit the Seiiat" that the Sen-
ate would not decide upon tin- lea Ion a*  t ie-pfct*
slavetv; that the Senate would not allow the 'lerntorirj \
LesMatuie to pas* anv law upon that question. In othei >,
woT.is, that it would leave the operation of the local law or ,
ot the Coiwitutiop ot the United States upon that local law j
to be decided by the proper and competent tiilmnal—-the
Supreme Coun of the Untied States."—^ypcnthx to Con- ;
gre&sional Giobe. Tlnuy-first Congress,fisst s^s&ion. p. ./lb. j
That was the position taken by Mr. Clay, the j
leader. A mere sentence will show with what
view 1 legarded the dosnia of non-intervention j
when that amendment was ofrVied. 1 said: ;
"But what h non-intervention •seem^ to vat v a« olien>
the lurht and shade o! evn tieotiniz cloud. It ha- ditn-t-
ent meaning* in even State, m every count\. m ''\ <_-rv town.
If non intervention meat)- that u ^hall not have protection
for our propem in t-laeo-. then I w:b. and alwav^
shall be, opposed to it If it mean- that w>'-dia:l not have
the protection of the lawbecau-e it would tavoi slavehold-
ers, tls.tt Con«re-?> >hall not ie^uiatc .-<> a- to -eeuie to u>
the benefit- oi'ihe Constitution. then I am oppose to non-
intervention. and always -hall be opposed to it "—Appen-
dix to Co>iincisional Gtobe, Timty-Fi^t Congres-s, liit-t fu-
sion, p. 919.
Mr. Downs, one of the committee of thirteen,
and an advocate of the measures, said:
"What T understand by non intervention i«. an inter-
position of Conjrres* prohibiting, or establishing. or intei-
ferin^ with slavery.5'—dppendix to Congressional Globe,
Timty-First Confess, first session, $>. 919.
By what ppccies of legerdemain this doctrine of
non-intervention hascome to extend to a paralysis
of the Government on the whole subject, to ex-
elude the Confess from any kind of legislation
whatever, I am at a loss to conceive. Certain it
is, it was not the theory of that period, and it™
not contended for in all the controversies we had
then. 1 had no faith in it then; I considered it
an evasion; I held that the duty of Congress
ought to be performed; that the issue was before
us, and ought to be met, the sooner the better;
that truth would prevail if presented to the people;
borne down to-day, it would rise up to-morrow;
and I stood thentm the same general plea which
I am making now. The Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Douglas] And myself differed at that time,
as I presume we do now. We differed radically
then. He opposed every proposition which 1
made, voting against propositions to give power
to a Territorial Legislature to protect slave prop-
erty which should be taken there; to remove the
obstruction of the Mexican laws; voting for a prop-
osition to exclude the conclusion that slavery might
be taken there ;,yoting for the proposition expressly
to prohibit its introduction; voting for the propo-
sition to keep in force the laws of Mexico which
prohibited it. Some of these votes, it is but just
to him I should say, I think he gave perforce of
his instructions; but others of them, I think it is
equally fair to suppose, were outside of the limits
of any instructions which could have been given
before the fact.
In 1854, advancing in this same general line of
thought, the Congress, in enacting territorial bills,
left out a provision which had before been usually
contained in them, requiring the Legislature of the
Territory to submit its laws to the Congress of the
United States. It has been sometimes assumed that
this was the recognition of the power of the Ter-
ritorial Legislature to exercise plenary legislation,
as might that of a State. It will be remembered
that, when our present form of Government was
instituted, there were those who believed the Fed-
eral Government should have the power of ic-
vision over the laws of a State. It was long and
ably contended for in the convention which formed
the Constitution; and one of the compromises
which was made was an appellate, to lodge power ;
in the Supreme Court to decide all questions of I
constitutional law. _ _ i
Bat did this omission of the obligation to send j
here the laws of the Territories work this grant of ,
power to the Territorial Legislature? Certainiy |
not: it could not; and that it did not, is evinced by j
the fact that at a subsequent period, ihe^organic act ;
was revised because the legislation of the Tcrri- :
tory of Kansas was offensive to tlw Congress of '
the United States. Congress could not abdicate i
its authority; it could not abandon its trust; and j
when it omitted the requirement that the laws '
should be sent back, it created a casus which re- i
ouired it to act without the official records bung !
laid before it, as thev would have been if the ob- j
ligation had i xisted." That was all the difference, i
, It was not enforcing upon the agent the obligation j
1 to send the information. It left Congress, as to its ;
'■ power, just where it was. Hind myself physically j
j unable to go as fully into the subji etas I intended; |
j and tin lefoie, omitting a reference to those acts, ;
i suffice it to sav, that heie was the recognition of the .
; obligation ofCongn-ss to interpose against a Tcr-
■ ritoiial Legislature for the protection of personal
I right. That is what we ask of Congress now. I
: am not disposed to ask this Congress to go into
speculative legislation. 1 am not one of those v. no
would willingly see this Congress enact a code to
II be applied to all Territories anu for all time to
!; come. 1 onlyask that cases, as they arise, maybe
>• met according to the exigency. I ask that wnen
: personal and propei ly rights in the Territories are
1' not protected, then the Congress, by existing laws
j. and govermni lital machinery, shall intervene alia
: provide such means as will secure in each case, as
11 far as may be, an adequate lenWy. 1 ask no
'i slave code", nor horse code, nor machine code. I
!i ask that the Territoiial Legislature be made to
ii uiidei stand beforehand that the Congress of me
i! United States does not concede to them the- power
|i to interfere with the rights of person or propei ty
l| guarantied by the Constitution, and that it wnl
" applv the remedy, if the Territorial Legislature
should so far forget its duty, so far transcend its
power, as to commit that violation of right, lliat
is the announcement of the fifth resolution.
M v colleague arraigned that resolution because
it did" not go far enough. He thought the meie
proposition to act when necessary did not mee
the'ease which he said now existed, because he
said the necessity had arisen. To that my an-
swer is, that here I ask the Senate to declare great
truths to-day, and for all time to come, to brills
back the popular judgment to thestandard ot the
Constitution; that I am not seeking legislation in
these resolutions; I am but making great declara-
tions on which legislation may be founded, These
declarations will be good to-day and to-morrow;
they will speak a restraining voice to the Terri-
torial Legislatures. They will speak our senti-
ments as to the rights of person and property, the
obligations and duties of the Constitution. It is
for that purpose I introduced them; it is for that
purpose I seek the vote of the Senate. At some
other time 1 may institute a comparison between
these resolutions and their doctrines, and those of
some others before the Senate, particularly those
of my colleague, who has twice criticised mine,
once very harshly when I was detained by illness
from the Senate. I will now only say, however,
Mr. President, that his second resolution contains
what I consider too near an affiliation with his dis-
tinguished friend from Illinois. The admission
thatevery Territory when organized is to exercise
legislative power inclines rather too much to the
direction of squatter sovereignty. At an earlier
period of our history many Territories were or-
ganized without a Legislature, with simply a
Governor and Council, and if the Territory of
Utah was fitted for anything in the form of civil
government, a Governor and Council areas much
as it ever ought to have had. I thus illustrate my
opinion by a case in point.
These are the genera! views which I entertain
of our right of protection and the duty of the
Government. They are those which are enter-
tained by the constituency I have the honor to rep-
resent, whose delegation has recently announced
those principles at Charleston. I honor them,
and I approve their conduct. I think their bearing
was worthy of the mother State which ?ent them
there; and I doubt not she will receive them with
joy and gratitude. They have asserted and vin-
dicated her equality of right. By that asserted
equality of right I doubt not she will stand. For
, weal or for woe, for prosperity or adversity, for
I the preservation of the great blessings which we
enjoy,or the trial of anew and separate condition,
I trust Mississippi nevei will surrender the small-
est atom of the sovereignty, independence, and
equality, to which she was born, to avoid any
danger'or any sacrifice to which she may thereby
be exposed.
The sixth resolution of the series declares at
what time a State may forrn a constitution and
decide upon her lioniestic institutions. I deny
this right to the territorial conditior. because the
Territory belongs m common to the States. Ev-
ery citizen of the United States as a joint owner of
that Territory, has a right to go into it with any
properly which he may possess. These territo-
rial inhabitants require municipal law, police, and
government. Tliey should have it, but it should
be restricted to their own necessities. They have
i' no ri"ht within their municipal power to attempt
'.! to decide the rights of the people of the States.
1| They have no right to exclude any citizen of the
United States from coming and equally enjoy-
\ ing this common possession; it is for the purpose^
of°preserving order,giving protection to rights of
'■ person and propei ty, that a municipal territorial
■' government should be instituted.
ii The last resolution refers to a law founded on
ij a nro vision of the Constitution, which contains an
II obligation of faith to every State of the Union;
and that obligation of faith has been violated by
thirteen Stat; s of the Confederacy—as many as
1 originally fought the battles of the Revolution and
1 established the Confederation. Is it to be expected
that a compact thus broken in part, violated m its
! important features, will be regarded as binding m
•i'I else ; Is the free trade which the INorth sought
i in the formation of the Union and for which the
' States gem mlly agreed to give Congress the power
- TO ivulate commerce, to be trampled under foot
;i bv laws of obstruction, not giving to the citizens
il of the South that free transit across the territory
! I 0f ti,e northern States which we might claim from
1! any friendly State under Christendom; and is Con-
ij ciess to stand powerless by, on the doctrine of
i non-intervention ? "VVe have a right to claim ab-
• stinence from interference with our rights from
any Govrrnmenton the earth. Shall we claim no
more from that which we have constituted for our
own purposes, and which we support by draining
our own means for its support? ^
We have had agitation, changing m its form. ana
gathering intensity,for the lastforty years, itwa^
