1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Georgia if it was not then the proposition to go
to a street still further north?
Mr. BRIGHT. Taking in one hundred and
twenty-nine acres.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If I understand this prop-
osition, it is simply to take in two blocks—one
at the north side,and one. on the south side, which
we do not now own. We own all the rest.
Mr. TOOMBS. That does not affect the prop-
osition. I am only saying that the assessed values
are no data whatever on which to estimate this
expense; because the very fact that the Govern-
ment wants the property, tends to put up the price.
Suppose you get juries to assess the value of the
land, what wilt they find? Everybody knows
howpropcrty is assessed to the Government every-
where. It has got to such a point that I believe,
in getting places for the Army, it seems to be con-
sidered best to be cheated by the owner of a site
out of a few hundred thousand dollars for §10,000
worth of property, rather than trust to a jury.
That is the general impression; and I think the
Departments are now acting on that basis. I do
not believe we want a foot of this ground. The
Capitol grounds are too large any way. We al-
ready own some two or three acres on the other
side of this wing, and I think we own the same
quantity on the south side of the south wing.
What do we want of these grounds? Of what
use are they? I do not see that they will be of
any advantage whatever to the public business.
I do not see "that they are at all necessary to our
comfort. I think they are a disadvantage. If
you were to have five hundred acres around here
you would have that much further for all the em-
ployes of the Government to go to get to the Cap-
itol. Other countries do liot have this system.
I think, from recollection, that all the grounds
around the Houses of Parliament, in England,
are not equal to the grounds out here in front
of your Capitol; probably not half so much.
There, is a carriage-way to drive in; and, as for
its being uncomfortably cramped, it is cramped
on the rear by the river Thames. The Corps Le-
gislatif, of Paris, have a.very small area of ground
—not more than a few acres—and there is no ne-
cessity for it. It is an inconvenience. I have
noticed that where they have these bodies in the
Old World, where these buildings exist, there are
none of these immense grounds around legislative
halls. Ifyouwantparks,gooutintothewoodsand
buy them. Looking to the wants of the next two
hundred years, I would rather give $2,000,000 to
buy a park, getting land for the people to walk
in and drive m, than extend the Capitol grounds.
This is the very place where I would not put a
park. I would rather sell all these lands around
here than buy another acre. It will not con-
tribute to our comfort; it will not add to the beauty
of the building in any way, I think. It is very
much not only to the inconvenience of members
of the two Houses of Congress, but to the hun-
dreds of employes you arc gathering around you.
But, sir, this is a large question—a very large
question. We do not understand it. I do not
understand it. Nobody, I presume, but the com-
mittee offering it, understand it. They offer it
now at a late hour, at half past ten o'clock at
night, within the last few days of the session,
when it is impossible for it to be understood. I
have not got the time to study it. I have not the
time to be enlightened by the chairman of the
committee that offered it. I have no doubt he
could do it, if he had time. He has attempted to
get it up as a separate bill; but the Senate would
not take it up; and that, is his complaint. That
is the reason he gives for bringing it here. If the
Senate refused to take up this bill by itself, and
refused even to postpone an eight dollar pension
bill for it, are they going now, at eleven o'clock
at night, within five days of the end of the session,
to tack it on to an appropriation bill? I think the
place is inappropriate, independently of my gen-
eral views of its impropriety. It involves vast
sums of money. It is a species of legislation that
will make regular and sensible legislation impos-
sible. Unless this system is put a stop to, you
might as well take your whole Calendar and put
it on this appropriation bill. There are a great
many bills that the Senate has refused to take up,
but are you going to add them here? The claim
upon which this is urged upon our consideration
is, that the Senate has refused to take it up as a
separate bill; and after wo have been two days
laboriously engaged on this bill, involving millions
of dollars of expenditure, this is offered as an
amendment to it. I hope, whatever may be the
merits of the plan, the Senate will do itself and
the country the justice not to put it on this bill.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope the vote will be taken
on the amendment offered by the Senator from
New Hampshire, and I shall then make a short
reply to the Senator from Georgia.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BRIGHT. I will, in as few words as pos-
sible, state what is proposed by this amendment.
It proposes to add about twenty-five acres to the
present area of the Capitol grounds. The Gov-
ernment already owns about thirteen acres of this
quantity, and the residue belongs to private indi-
viduals; a portion of it improved and a portion
unimproved. The amendment provides that the
Court of Claims, a disinterested tribunal in every
sense of the term—life officers, gentlemen selected
with reference to their integrity and intelligence—
shall prescribe the mode and manner of ascertain-
ing the cash value of the property proposed to be
purchased.
Mr. TOOMBS. They can only do it by a jury.
Mr. BRIGHT. They may or may not do it
by the finding of a jury. There is nothing in
the law regulating the condemnation of property
within this District that requires them to take a
jury. They may, and I should suppose would;
but I repeat, the amendment I have offered does
not require them to do so.
Mr. TOOMBS. A man is entitled to the judg-
ment of his peers.
Mr. BRIGHT. If this amendment passes, the
Court of Claims will forthwith proceed to ascer-
tain the fair cash value of every piece or parcel of
land, with the improvements thereon within the
limits described; and upon title being given to
the United States, or where not given volunta-
rily, taken according to law, the same shall be
paid for, and the property thus taken shall be ap-
plied to the use and benefit of the Government.
I know, Mr. President, that there is an honest
difference of opinion on both sides of this Cham-
ber as to whether we ought now to add to the
present area of the public grounds. I think, if
time permitted, I could show most conclusively
that the extension of the Capitol building makes
an extension of the grounds around it indispens-
sable; but, I have promised not to go into this
subject now, and I will not.
I regret that what I regard a necessity compels
me so far to trespass upon what I consider sound
legislation, as to insist upon this measure upon
an appropriation bill; but I know no other place
at this late hour of the session where I can hope
for success. I will further state that I would not
have moved this amendment to this bill had I not
believed that Senators geneially were prepared to
vote understandingly. 1 called the attention of
the Senate to this subject months ago. The map
was placed m the Senate Chamber, where gentle-
men have seen it daily, and I think the Senate can
vote as understandingly this evening as they
could after a day's debate. If I did not, I should
not insist upon the consideration of this amend-
ment. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to know if we
did not pass a law at this session about condemn-
| ing property for public use, and providing for a
! jury trial?
I Mr. BRIGHT. Some member of the Judiciary
I Committee, perhaps, can inform the Senator. I
have no recollection ot the passage of such a law.
Mr. SIMMONS. I believe we passed a law
of that kind.
Mr. F1TZPATRICK. Before the vote is taken,
1 desire to state that I have paired off with the
Senator from Florida, [Mr. M allory,] who would
vote for the amendment if he were here. I am
opposed to it.
; The question being taken by yeas and nays,
i resulted—yeas 22, nays 21; as follows:
i YDAiS—Mi-srs. Bright, Brown, Cameron. Claik. Davis,
' Doolitll". I'lteli, Foot. "Fo-tiii, Groou, H.'ik', Ilarlan, llerilp-
I lull, Kenned*. I<atli:iu), Toll;, Kicc, Si'basti.m, Simmons,
S Thorns-oil, Tiuiubull, and Yulw—22.
| jtaYS — Mes.fr.-. BJglci. Binjjb.ini. Biai.%', Chandler,
| t'hesnut, Clmqinan, Hamlin, Hunter. Ivi'iaOn, Johnson of
| Aikansa^, Johnson of 'JVmie-.M'e. King. Lane, Mason,
! Powell, SauUbuiy, Slidcli, Toomljs Wade, VVigfa]l ar.d
] Wilson—-2L.
j So the amendment was agreed to
Mr. BRIGHT. I have one other amendment
which is appropriate to this J>ill,to come in at the
end of line three hundred and ten,, after the ap-
propriation for the expense of taking the seventh
census; . •
Out of which the marshals shall be paid the compensa-
tion provided by the law of May 23,1850, and the law of
August 30,1850, supplementary thereto, any subsequent
law to the contrary notwithstanding. " *
If the Senate will give me their attention" $)£ a
moment, I will explain the object of the amend-
ment. This comes in at the end of the clause ap-
propriating §1,000,000 for the purpose of taking'
the eighth census. There is an ambiguity in the*
law as to the compensation of the marshals for
this service, and the object of the amendment is to
make that certain and plain which is now doubt-
ful. I do not know that I can better explain it
than by reading a letter which has been addressed
to me by the Secretary of the Interior.
Several Senators. State it.
Mr. BRIGHT. I do not know that the case
can be stated in a less space than the letter states
it. It is nut a long letter; and I ask that it be
read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Department of the Interior,
Washington, June 7, 1860.
Sir : In response to your note of this date, wherein you
desire to be informed whether, in my opinion, any doubt
exists $<5 to the allowance of the compensation provided
for by the eighth section of the law of May 23, 1850, tp
such of the United States marshals whose fees for judicial
purposes reach the limit expressed in the third section of
the law of February 26, 1853; and also if, in my opinion,
any, and if any, what legislation is necessary to entitle
thetn to the allowance, I answer that, while the census
huv of 1850 provided, by the section above referred to, fat
compensation to the United States marshals-, notwithstand-
ing: the provision in the law of 1832, (5 Stat. 483) identi-
cally restrictive with the third section of the law of 1853,
the enactment of a restrictive law subsequent to the pas-
sage of the census law, which declares that" no marshal
shall be allowed by the said Secretary to retain, of the feea
and emoluments of his office, for his own personal com-
pensation," " a cum exceeding $6,000
per year," &c., might reasonably be supposed to create
doubt in the minds of the accounting officers of Govern-
ment as to the propriety of allowing any compensation to
marshals for taking the' census, " in those districts where
the judicial fees reach the limit fixed by the law.'"
ft would, therefore, to me appear advisable, if it be the
intention oi Congress to allow marshals of the United States
the compensation provided by the law of MaySi3, 1850,
irrespective of the limit imposed by the law of 1853, lim-
iting their emoluments, for Congress to provide by law
that tiie restriction referred to should notapply to the emol-
uments arising from the special duties imposed every ten®
years upon die marshals in taking the census; and I ani
free to say that, in my opinion, the additional compensation
allowed for taking the census is not unreasonable.
Under the law of 1850, no marshal of the United States,
except in California, received as much as $2,000 for ser-
vices rendered in taking the seventh census, while the aver-
age compensation amounted to $1,000 54. Incident to the
execution of the census, there are certain unavoidable ex-
penses incurred by the marshals, proportioned to the popu-
lousness of their districts, while their duties are laborious
and responsible.
With these views, I have the honor to be, very respect-
fully, your obedient servant,
J. THOMPSON.
Hon. Jesse D. Bright, Senator of the United States.
Mr. BRIGHT. The law regulating the ju-
dicial fees of marshals provides that in no case
shall a marshal receive more than $6,000 per an-
num. Without further legislation, the marshals
who take the eighth census, where their fees
amount to $6,000, the maximum allowed, get no
compensation -whatever for that service. Now,
if it is the intention of Congress to require the
marshals of the different districts where the fees
amount to $6,000, to receive no compensation
whatever for taking the eighth census, then they
ousht not to vote for the amendment 1 have of-
fered; if otherwise, by their voting for the amend-
ment they allow to the marshals of the different
districts for taking the eighth census the same
compensation that they received for taking the
seventh. What is that? Where the number of
persons taken amounts to one million, they receive
25 per thousand persons; where it amounts to
more than a million in any one district, they get
one dollar per thousand persons. I say by vot-
ing for the amendment you allow the marshals
of"the different districts the same compensation
for taking the eighth census that they were paid
for taking the seventh, without any reference
to whether the fees they receive from all other
sources amount to $6,000 per year or not.
Mr. HALE. I think the Senate understand it.
Those who think §6,000 is not enough for the mar-
shals will vote for the amendment, and those who
