1000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.-
March 6,
vei*y sorry to do anything which should seem to
question the authority of the Senate by modify-
ing this resolution; the more especially as it has
been taken from the precedents, and I think has
been well conceived. If the witness has any reason
satisfactory to the Senate why he did not appear,
it will, of course, be received as ail excuse, but
as an excuse only. I hope the resolution will be
passed in the shape in which it is offered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment of
the Senator.from Kentucky is, in the first inter-
rogatory, to strike out the words " what excuse
have you for not appearing," and insert, " why
did you not appear."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HALE. This is an extraordinary reso-
lution; and as itjs important to set a proper pre-
cedent, I propose this amendment, to come in at
the end of the resolution:
And that the Sergeant-at-Arms allow him all reasonable
opportunity to consult with counsel.
Mr. MASON. I have not the slightest objec-
tion to that proposition in itself; but, of course, I
take.it for granted that if he desires to consult
counscl in his relations to the Senate as a witness,
the Sergeant-at-Arms will allow it. The Sergeant
is only to keep him in custody. I sec no neces-
sity in the world for adding such a provision, un-
less there is complaint that it is not done.
Mr. HALE. This is a novel case—new in the
Senate—and I suppose it is the right of the indi-
vidual to have an opportunity of consulting coun-
scl, and it should not rest in the after discretion
of the Serg«ant-at-Arms or anybody else. If we
mean to give him this right, let us say so.
Mr. ICING. Mr. Hyatt, the party in custody,
is a constituent of mine, and has consulted me on
this subject, and desired me, at the proper time—
which 1 supposed would be after the adoption of
this resolution, and the propounding of the ques-
tions to him—to ask for a delay of two or three
days, which I had no doubt would be granted, for
the purpose of having an opportunity to put in his
answer, without indicating at this time what that
answer will be in any way.
Mr. MASON. I intend to follow the adoption
of the resolution—still adhering to the usage; be-
cause, until it is shown to be wrong, that is the
safest guide—by this order:
Ordered} That Tliaddeus Hyatt be remanded to the cus-
tody of the Sergeant at-Arm^, and that he have until two
o'clock on Thursday next, the 8th in.stant, to make answer
to the questions directed to be propounded to him by the
President of the Senate.
Mr. KING. I will state that, in reply to the
suggestion of Mr. Hyatt, I said that I had no
doubt, though I was not at all aware of the inten-
tion of the Senator from Virginia to make the
proposition he has just indicated, that the time he
asked would be given to him. 1 understand that
he asks for one day beyond that proposed to be
given by the Senator from Virginia. His counsel
are in Boston, and he would like to have one day
more so as to be able to have them here.
Mr. MASON. I have no objection to allow
that additional day.
Mr. KING. If he can have till Friday, or
such day after Thursday as the Senate shall deem
proper, he hopes and expects to be able to put in
his final answer to the interrogatories.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment offered by the Senator from New
Hampshire.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
Mr. MASON. I submitto the honorable Sena-
tor that he withdraw that amendment. It only
embarrasses and delays the action of the Senate.
I will say to him frankly, that if, after the witness
is remanded,any complaint is made that he is not
allowed the freest access to his counsel, I will unite
with the Senator in passing such a resolution; but
I do not see the propriety, in advance, of sug-
gesting that lie shall have counsel, for it is equiv-
alent to that. I hope the amendment will be with-
drawn. •
Mr. KING. I suggest to the Senator from New
Hampshire that this question is one which would
properly arise whenever it shall appear to the
Senate that the witness in a case like this desires
counsel. It may be that the witness is prepared
at once to answer; that he has had sufficient coun-
sel already; and that, therefore, no such thing is
required. If, however, he makes a request for
counscl, I have no doubt it would be granted. I
suggest that that will answer the same purpose.
Mr. HALE. As this is the first case of the kind
in the Senate, as we are making precedents, and
as the Senator from Virginia sticks to precedents
so closely, I want to have a good precedent here.
As, however, it seems to bedesired that my amend-
ment should be withdrawn, and as I have no feel-
ing about it, I will give my consent to withdraw
it; but as the yeas and nays have been ordered, I
presume it requires general consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent to withdraw the amendment, the
yeas and nays having been ordered. The Chair
hears no objection. "The question now is on the
resolution.
Mr. HALE. I want the yeas and nays on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 49, nays G; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, ISayard, Uenjamin, Bigler,
Biagg, Blight, Brown, Chandler, Chesnut, Clay, Clingman,
Collamor, Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Douglas,
T'essendcn, Fitch. Fitzpatrick, Foot, Foster, Green,Grimes,
Gwin, Hammond, Harlan, Hemphill, Hunter,' Ivcrson,
Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, King, Lane, Latham,
Mason, Nicholson, Pearcc, Powell, Saulshury, Seward,
Simmons, Slide!!, Ten Eyck, Thomson, Trumbull, Wig-
fall, Wilson, and Vtiiee—49.
NAYS — Messrs Uingham, Durkee, Hale, Sumner,
Wade, and Wilkinson—6.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. MASON. I now offer the' following as a
final order:
Ordered, That Tliaddeus Hyatt be remanded to the cus-
tody of the Sergeant-at-Auns, and that he have until two
o'clock on Friday next, the 9th instant, to make answerto
the questions directed to be propounded to him by the Pres-
ident ot the Senate.
The order was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Sergeant-at-
Arms will bring Mr. Hyatt to the bar of the Sen-
ate.
The Sergeant-at-Arms conducted Mr. Hyatt
from the bar of the Senate to a spot a few steps
nearer to the President's chair—Mr. Hyatt being
supported on the right by Hon. Preston King,
and on the left by Mr. Arny.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Mr. Hyatt, you
are not expected to answer, at this time, the ques-
tions which, by order of the Senate, I am about
to ask you; they are to be answered at a future
time and under oath.
1. What excuse have you for not appearing
before the select committee of the Senate, in pur-
suance of the summons served on you on the 24tli
day of January, 1860?
2. Are you now ready to appear before said
committee and answer such proper questions as
shall be put to you by said committee?
These questions you are to answer on Friday
next at two o'clock, in writing, and under oath.
Mr. Hyatt is remanded to the custody of the
Sergeant-at-Arms.
The Sergeant-at-Arms then conducted Mr. Hy-
att from the Senate Chamber.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
call up the special order at this hour.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope that I shall be allowed
to present soirfc papers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, by unanimous consent the Chair will
receive morning business.
Mr. BROWN. Is not the special order the one
on which I have the floor to-day ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
for half past one o'clock is the resolutions of the
Senator from Mississippi; but the bill from the
Judiciary Committee in relation to the Court of
Claims being the unfinished business, takes pre-
cedence of it in the order of to-day.
Mr. SE WARD. I ask the consent both of the
honorable Senator from Mississippi and the hon-
orable Senator from Delaware to refer some pa-
pers without argument.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. It can only be done
by unanimous consent.. The Chair hears no ob-
jection.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SEWARD presented additional papers in
relation to the claim of the American, Atlantic,
and Pacific S4iip Canal Company, of Nicaragua;
which were referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. CLAY presented the petition of Thomas
Kirkman, of Alabama, praying indemnity for
losses caused by the failure and refusal of the
Government of the United States to convey title
to a section of land purchased and paid for by
him; which was referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
William Petchaka, only surviving child of Eliz-
abeth Petchaka, deceased, praying compensation
in money or the privilege of locating other lands
in lieu of a grant of three hundred and twenty
acres of land made to liis mother by the treaty
made with the Delaware Indians at St. Mary's,
Ohio, on the 3d of October, 1858; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. TOOMBS presented the petition of George
W. Greene, praying the aid of Congress in pub-
lishing the life and -letters of his grandfather,
Major General Nathaniel Greene; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Library.
He als'o presented the petition of A. C. Rhind,
a lieutenant in the Navy, who was dropped by
the action of the late naval board, and since re-
stored to active service, praying to be placed on
the same footing as other officers restored to active
service; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented two memorials
of citizens of Wisconsin, praying the construction
of a harbor of refuge at the mouth of Grand river,
on Lake Michigan; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CAMERON presented three petitions of
manufacturers, colliers, merchants, farmers, and
others, of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing such a modification of the tariff as will protect
the productive interests of the country; the aboli-
tion or a radical change in the warehouse system,
and the substitution of specific for ad valorem du-
ties; which were referred to the Committee on
Finance.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw fiom the
files ot the Senate, the memorial of H. L. Gallahcr, praying
that hi? claim for work done on the Washington aqucduet
may be settled upon principles of justice and equity.
On motion of Mr. FITZPATRICK, it was
Ordered, Th.it the petition of Patrick Byrnes, praying to
be allowed the difference between the pay of a doorkeeper
and watchman, and that of a laborer, during the time he
performed such extra scrvice, on the fiies of the Senate, be
referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordered, Thnt the petition of Ruth Ellen GreJand, widow
! of Captain John II. Grcland, of the Army, praying to be
; allowed a pension, on the files of the Senate, be referred to
! the Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw the memo-
rial of II. It. Schoolcraft, praying compensation for the col-
lection of the facts and materials embodied in the history,
statistics, condition, and prospects of the Indian tribes of
tlie United States, prepared and published by him from the
files of the Senate.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. FESSENDEN asked,and by unanimous
conscnt obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
'248) supplemental to the act entitled <( An act to
' authorize protection to citizens of the United
Stales who may discover deposits of guano," ap-
proved 18th August, 1856; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. KENNEDY aslced, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 253) for the relief of John B. Rittenhouse;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affair* and
Militia be instructed to inquire into the expediency of re-
pealing *o much of the act entitled " An act to establish
the Home Department, and to provide for the Treasury
Department an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury and a
Commissioner of the Customs," approved March 3, 1849,
as transfers from the Secretaiy of the War Department to
tiie Secretary of the Interior, the supervisory and appellate
powers, in relation to the acts and duties of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affair4;, and of restoring by law the &aid
powers to the Secretary of War, as they existed prior to the
passage of that act.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Printing,
