1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1001
to whom was referred the.motion to print the
message of the President of the United States,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, further information in relation to
the heating and ventilating of the Capitol and the
Post Office Department, reported in favor of print-
ing the usual number, and that two hundred and
fifty additional copies of the message, and two
hundred and fifty additional copies of the previ-
ous message on "the same subject, be printed for
the use of the late superintendent of that work;
which was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a resolution of
the Senate, relative to contracts made by the Sec-
retary of the Senate with Mrs. Adeline Sergeant
for binding the reserved numbers of the Senate
documents, submitted areport; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee en Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the "petition of Mary
E. Castor, widow of Lieutenant Thomas F. Cas-
tor, praying a pension, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 247) for the relief of Mary
E. Castor. The bill was read, and passed to a
second reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of Lemuel
Worster, praying a pension on account of a dis-
ability incurred while employed as a waiter to a
militia officer in the United States service during
the last war with Great Britain, submitted an ad-
verse report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAY. The Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 83) declar-
ing the consent of Congress to any act which may
be passed by the Legislature of the State of Ala-
bama, authorizing the municipal authorities of the
city of Mobile to impose and collect a duty on the
tonnage of vessels entering the port of Mobile,
have instructed me to report it back to the Senate
with an amendment. 1 wish to say that during
the next week 1 propose to call up this bill and
ask the action of the Senate upon it. 1 will then
give the reasons why I ask its early consideration
and passage.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the report of
the Court of Claims adverse to the claim of Sam-
uel J. Hensley, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. Jfo. 249) for the relief of Samuel .T.
Hensley. The bill wasread,and passed toasecond
reading; and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee*6n Printing,
to whom was referred the motion to print the re-
port of the Secretary of the Treasury in answer
to a resolution of the Senate, relative to the ex-
penditure of the appropriation for the repair of the
light-house and pier at Chicago, reported in favor
of printing the usual number; and the report was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a motion to print a letter from the
superintendent of the Capitol extension,addressed
to the chairman of the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds in relation to the dome and por-
tico of the Capitol, reported in favor of printing the
usual number; and the report was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a motion to print the usual number,
and five hundred additional copies, of the report
of the Secretary of the Interior, communicating,
in accordance with a resolution of the Senate, the
correspondence on file in that Department in re-
lation to obstructions of streets, avenues, and
public reservations in the city of Washington,
reported in favor of printing- th" usual number,
and adverse to 2" rinting live hundred additional
copies; and the report was agreed to,
Mr. NICHOLSON, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of Catharine Lydia MeLcod, only sur-
viving child of Ebenezer Marlcham, a Canadian
refugee,praying relief on account of the losses and
Taylor. The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading; and the report was ordered to be printed.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. GREEN. There is a vacancy upon the
Committee on Territories, caused by the expira-
tion of the term of Senator Haun. It is important
to have it filled. I move that the Vice President
be authorized to fill that vacancy.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I move that the Vice President
be authorized to fill the vacancies in the Commit-
tees on Indian Affairs and on Enrolled Bills,
caused by the retirement of my late colleague.
The motion was agreed to.
MILITARY ACADEMY.
Mr. GWIN. I made a motion the other day
to reconsider the vote of the Senate referring the
West Point appropriation bill to the Committee
on Military Affairs. I move to take up that ques-
tion, which I believe is a privileged one, now. I
will not interfere with the Senator from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Brown.] I give notice that, when I
get the question before the Senate, I will ask, after
he has concluded his remarks, to take up that bill.
I merely wish to have the motion to reconsider
taken up in order that a vote of the Senate may
be taken on the reconsideration, so that the ques-
tion can then be before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves to take up the bill making ap-
propriations for the support of the Military Acad-
emy for the year ending the 30th June, 1861.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I move to reconsider the vote by
which it was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the ques-
tion now pending. The question is on the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the motion to refer the bill, with the amend-
I ment offered by the Senator from Texas, to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. GWIN. I do not wish to interfere with
the Senator from Mississippi; but as soon as he
concludes his remarks, 1 shall call the bill up for
the consideration of the Senate.
COCItT OF CLAI1IS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The business be-
• fore the Senate is the unfinished business of yes-
' terday, being the bill (S. No. 53) to amend an act
to establish a court for the investigation of claims
[ against the United States, approved February 24,
i 1855.
i Mr. BROWN. I hope I may have the consent
! of the Senator from Delaware to postpone that
; bill for—say an hour and a half, with a view
of proceeding to the consideration of the special
i order.
i Mr. BAYARD. I am very loth not to accede
' to the proposition of the honorable Senator, but I
' do not think it is right to the Committee on the
! Judiciary, to have the bill, which has been report-
: ed and been under discussion, postponed until it
I is disposed of. There will be ample time after-
! wards for the honorable Senator to take up his
! resolutions. Two days were, as I understood,
; assigned by the Senate to the Committee on the
! Judiciary—yesterday and to-day. We did not
! complete the bill under consideration yesterday,
' which certainly, in my judgment, is of great prae-
[ tical importance to the people of the country; and
' unless the Senate so order it, I cannot consent to
5 any postponement.
i. The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
!' Mississippi moves to post pone the unfinished busi-
I; ne*s of yesterday, with a view to take up his res-
_ olutions", which is the next special order.
'' The motion was agreed to.
!i Mr. BENJAMIN. I understood the motion of
the honorable Senator from Mississippi to be to
sufferings of her father in aiding the cause of the j- ^0stpOne this subject until he gets through with
American Revolution, submitted an adverse re- j jus gpCCC]1; and then that we shall go on with the
port; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILKINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
Kate D. Taylor, widow of the late Oliver TT. P.
Taylor, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill' (S. No. 250) for the relief of Ivate D. Tay-
lor, widow of the late Brevet Captain Oliver H. P
business of yesterday
Mr. BROWN. I have no objection to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
give it that construction.
PROPERTY IS T1IK TERRITORIES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolutions
offered by the Senator from ;
before the Senate.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask, before
proceeding with my remarks, that the resolutions
may be read.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
Resolved., That the Territories are the common property
of all the States, and that it is tiie privilege of the citizens
of all the States to go into tbe Territories with every kind
or description of property recognized by the Constitution
of tiie United States, and held under the laws of any of the
States: and that it ia the constitutional duty of the law-mak-
ing power, wherever lodged, or by whomsoever exercised,
whether by the Congress or the Territorial Legislature, to
.enact sueh laws as may be found necessary tor the ade-
quate and sufficient protection of sueh propel ty.
Resolved, That tbe Committee on Territories be in-
structed to insert, in any bill they may report for the organ-
ization of new Territories, a clause declaring it to be tbe
duty of the Territorial Legislature to enact adequate and
sufficient laws for the protection of all kinds of property,
as above desci ibed, within the limits «f the Territory; and
that, upon its failure or refusal to do so, it is the admitted
duty of Congress to interpose and pass sueh laws.
Mr. BROWN. When I introduced these res-
olutions, Mr. President, I acted under a deep sense
of duty. I had seen the southern people excluded
from most—indeed, from all but one—of the or-
ganized Territories of this Union with their slave
property; an d I belie ved that the same thing would
occur in reference to the Territories about to be
organized, unless Congress interposed its author-
ity to prevent it. I, therefore, in reference to Ter-
ritories about to be organized, moved resolutions
which looked to direct, immediate, and positive
protection to the slave property. As to the Terri-
tories already organized, I soon after introduced a
bill looking to the overthrow of their unfriendly
acts,and to the substitution of laws friendly to this
species of property. In all these I sought what I
believed to belong to the southern people under the
Constitution; nothing more. At one time I sup-
posed these resolutions wouid meet the approba-
tion of Democratic Senators generally. I have
been undcceived on that po;nt. Their refusal,
however, to sustain them has in nowise shaken
my confidence in their correctness; and I stand
before you to-day, sir, to piead the cause of tljeso
resolutions. If I fail to convince the Senate that
the resolutions arc right in principle, I trust I shall
at least have the consolation of feeling that my
hearers believe me to be sincere in offering them.
The resolution, and the bill which I subse-
quently introduced, and to which I have alread y al-
luded, embody these substantive principles: first,
that a slave is property under the Constitution of
the United States; secondly, that, being property,
his owner has the same right to take him to a com-
mon Territory, and there hold him as property,
that the owner of any other species of property
has to take that species and hold it there; thirdly,
that having the constitutional right to take his
property to the Territory, he is of necessity en-
titled to have it protected after he gets there, else
the right would be nugatory. Up to this point, I
have not found myself differing materially with
my Democratic friends; but at this point, as was
well said by my honorable friend from Indiana,
[Mr. Fitcii,] we begin to diverge. I insist that
it is primarily the duty of a Territorial Legisla-
ture to afford me the protection to which I am
j entitled; but the Legislature failing or refusing,
| then that it becomes the duty of Congress to
| afford that protection; andliere comesthe rub. Is
j Congress, under any circumstances, bound to af-
I ford me adequate and sufficient protection for my
slave property? I insist that it is; that if slaves
! are property under the Cosstitution, they are en-
I titled to the' same protection which is afforded to
II any other kind of property; and that, whatever
Ij obligations were imposed by the Constitution, are
Ij imposed directly upon Congress, and not upon a
j Territorial Legislature. WThatever appeal I, as a
j citizen of one of the sovereign States of this Union,
i address for the maintenance of my constitutional
; rights, 1 necessarily address to Congress; and
j why? Because all the powers imposed_ by the
i Federal Constitution to make laws were imposed
! j upon Congress, and not, I repeat, upon a Terri-
:j torial Legislature.
11 Sir, when the Constitution was formed, there
j! was no such thing as a Territorial Legislature,
'! and there was no such thing for many years after-
|i wards. No authority is found in the debates
j' which gave rise to ihe Constitution, indicating
; I that the franiers of that instrument supposedthere
il ever would be such a legislative body as a lerri-
