1002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
torial Legislature; therefore, no obligations were
imposed upon such Legislatures by the Constitu-
tion. The obligations were imposed, I say again,
upon Congress, and Congress, acting within its le-
gitimate sphere, may transfer these obiigations,in
a limited degree, to one of its own creatures; but
Congress cannot, in the actof transferring an ob-
ligation to an inferior, discharge itself from the
obligations imposed by the Constitution. If I am
ri^ht, therefore, in assuming that slaves are prop-
erty, and that the owners have the right to take
them into the Territories, and have them pro-
tected, I must be right in concluding thatthe duty
rests upon Congress to afford that protection. If
it is done by the creature, well; if it is not done,
then it is the duty of the creator, upon whom the
obligation was imposed by the Constitution, to
interpose and see that it is done.
I am told, sir,\hat these resolutions, and the
bill by which I followed them, cannot be passed;
not because they do not embody, in the main,
sound principles, or are not capable of being so
amended as to bring them within reach of nearly
all, if not, indeed, all the Democratic Senators.
I know that in no sort of form can they retain
their substance, and yet command Republican
votes. But I am told that they cannot be so
amended, so thrown into shape, as to command
the votes of conservative Democrats. Sir, there
was a day when I had great respect for the word
Conservative. I thought it meant a politician
who would retain the substance of a proposition,
and yet so accommodate the details as to meet his
brethren; but a conservative seems to me now to
be a sort of go-between, a divider of principles,
demanding a little of one thing and a little of
another, and not much of anything; a sort of po-
litical toll-keeper, who looks JNorth and South,
East and West, for customers; and cares very
little from what direction they come, if they only
pay their toll. I thank God that I am not such a
conservative. I thank my Maker that He so cre-
ated me that I am capable of feeling earnest con-
victions; and that He endowed me with sufficient
moral courage to express them in the face of all
opposition.
t have heard it suggested that a compromise
may be effected by which, if the South will agree
to surrender everything of the substance on an-
other question, she will be allowed to retain some-
thing of the substance upon this proposition; in
plain English, that, if we will agree to a discrim-
inating tariff, if wc will allow protective duties to
be levied upon coal and iron and other northern
productions, then certain northern men will yield
enough of their opposition upon this question to
give us that sort of protection which will be re-
quired for our slave property in the Territories.
1 have heard such things talked of. I find the
proposition embodied in a very well-written letter
of a former member of this body, a distinguished
gentleman of New Jersey—I mean Commodore
Stockton. I have heard it spoken of here and
elsewhere. It therefore comes in a form suffi-
ciently imposing to induce me to look at it, and
address myself to it. I send an extract from the
letter of Commodore Stockton to the Secretary's
desk, and ask him to read it.
The Secretary read, as follows:
" I am for peace—I am for the Union—and therefore lam
for concession, if concession will insure peace. The North
is infuriated with a passionate, almost irreligious fanati-
cism ; the gouth, maddened by the certainty of the horrible
results which that fanaticism threatens, is assuming an at-
titude of serious, stem reactance. To avert the inevitable
progress of the conflict I would have the North concede at
once, and promptly and cordially agree: 1. To recognize as
final and conclusive the decisions of the Supreme Court.
Q. Comply faithfully with the requisitions of the fugitive
slave law. 3. To recognize the right of oui southern fel-
low-citizens to take their slave property into the Terutories.
and to its protection there under the Constitution of the
UnitPd States.
"While the South in return should concede 'specific
duties'°r a more satisfactory'tauff'than that of which
the North at present so generally complain*."
Mr. BROWN. It is thus seen, Mr. President,
that we have the broad proposition submitted to
us to surrender our opposition to protective tariff
laws, to the end that we may obtain our consti-
tutional rights. I say it in all respect to gentle-
men; but never can I be brought to the point of
buying my constitutional rights from any one.
Sir, we are entitled to have our slave property
protected, or we arc not. If wc have the right,
it is your duty to respect it; to respect it without
qualification. If we have no such rights, then
we should make no such demand. Now> what
we ask is, respect for a right guarantied by the
Constitution. What is it that the tariff party
ask ? That you will so shape your legislation as
to do them a favor. I have not understood that
the most zealous and earnest advocate of a pro-
tective tariff ever claimed that Congress was bound
to afford them protection, but only that Congress
might afford it, if Congress thought fit. Therefore
the cases are not equal.
We are asked to give up an absolute right. Is
it quite modest to ask us to do this ? Is it quite
modest in Pennsylvania and New Jersey, repre-
sented, as they are, upon this floor, and by an
overwhelming Free-Soil majority in the other
wing of the Capitol, making consistent and per-
sistent waruponourslaveproperty; Pennsylvania
represented here by a moderately active friend to
the South and to the whole country, [Mr. Big-
ler,] and by a warm and zealous opponent of
slavery on the other side of the Chamber, [Mr.
Cameron;] New Jersey, represented in the same
way, by my honorable friend, [Mr. Thomson,]
and by his colleague on the other side, [Mr. Ten
Eyck;] and both of them in the other House by
an almost united Free-Soil delegation; is it quite
modest in those States, who thus make war upon
slave property, to ask the owners of that species
of property to allow it to be taxed for their bene-
fit? What would Pennsylvania think, what would
New Jersey think, if the South should ask their
people to submit to taxation, that our people might
realize larger profits upon their investments in land
and slaves? Suppose I had invested $100,000 in a
plantation and slaves, and found that it was not
paying—that it did not yield me thiec per cent,
upon the investment: how long, let me ask my
friend from New Jersey, [Mr. Thomson,] or from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bigler,] and their colleagues
on the other side, would Pennsylvania and New
Jersey listen in paticncc to my appeal that their
people should be taxed, that I might realize larger
profits? And yet, that is their appeal You tell
me that you have invested large sums of money in
manufacturing establishments, mills, and machin-
ery, and all that sortof thing, and that your prof-
its are very small; and you ask me to tax the
people whom I represent, through the agency of
discriminating tariff laws, to enable you to real-
ize larger profits. This you do, I repeat, while
you are making war on the very people who buy
your goods, and consumc your iron and your
coal. Is it modest? Can you really cxpect us to
do it? Can you expect us to tax our slave labor
for the benefit of your white labor?
Sir, the protection which we ask is, protec-
tion for the property itself; not that incidental
protection which will enable us to realize larger
profits. The property itself is in danger; war is
levied upon it, and it is threatened with destruc-
tion. In this state of things, we come to the com-
mon Government, and ask it to interpose its au-
thority to shield it from destruction. Sir, if your
cotton mills and your shoe factories; if your ma-
chinery, if your iron works and your coal mines,
were menaced by an enemy about to destroy them,
to destroy the actual property itself, and you came
to me as a southern Senator, and asked for assist-
ance, I would say, "Yes, we will send the armies
of the Government to protect your property, and
do whatever the case requires." If the property
of our northern brethren was threatened with de-
struction from any quarter, and they appealed to
me to pass additional laws for its preservation, I
would not hesitate an instant. If it was threatened
by the incendiary, if it was threatened by mob
violence, if it was invaded from any quarter, and
was about to be destroyed, I should hold it to be
the duty of the Government to interpose, not only
with its armies, but, through its legislative au-
thority, clothing the courts, and arming the Ex-
ecutive with all necessary power fonts protection.
I mean to be explicit on tnis point.
Now what do we ask. Our property is thus
menaced. It hasalready been driven out of Wash-
ington, Oiegon, California, Nebraska, Kansas,
and, to a great extent, from Utah, receiving pro-
tection nowhere butm the Territory of New Mex-
ico. War is made upon it; persistent war; war
in the States and war in the Territories; and when
I come to ask you for protection, what do you
tell me? If I will give you that sort of protec-
tion to your manufacturing establishments, your
coal mines, and your iron furnaces, that will en-
able you to realize larger profits, then you will
consider the proposition to protect my actual
property, not my profits, but the property itself.
1 reject the proposition with scorn.
But, sir, while it is admitted by many north-
ern men that we have not had justice in the Ter-
ritories, that our rigitts have not been respected
as they should have been, they yet tell us that we
are not pursuing the right remedy in the right
way; that, instead of coming to Congress, we
ought to go to the courts, and there, armed with
the common law, and the Constitution as ex-
pounded by the Supreme Court, we shall find
adequate and sufficient protection. I will pay my
respects very briefly to this argument of the Con-
stitution ana the common law. Before I proceed
to do so, I will send to the Secretary's desk, and
ask to have read, a paragraph from the speech of
my honorable friend from Indiana, [Mr. Fitch.]
The Secretary read, as follows:
" But it is said if Congress does not give this protection,
it can nowhere be found. From'this opinion I dissent. It
can be found in the common law. It now exists in Kansas
under the common law, without any congressional or other
legislative enactment. If any species of property has pecu-
liarities rendering other than a common-law remedv neces-
sary for its protection, it is the duty of the local Legislature
to giant that remedy. If such protection wa> required in
this, District, it would be the duty of Congress to giant it.
If it is required in a Territory, it is the duty of theTcnito-
rial Legislature to grant it—a duty I am unwilling to believe
any Temtorial Legislature will seek to evade. Certainly,
there is now no organized Tenitory adapted to slavery, and
where it exists, or is likely to exist, and where protection
is consequently required, and is withheld. I know what
my fuend on my right [Mr. Brown] has in his mind. Fie
would cite to me the late action of the Nebraska Territonal
Legislature as proof to the contiary. [Mr. Brown assents..J
I do not so deem it, for the reason that ©o piofction wn.-s
required there ; scar re a sinirie slave exists, oi is likelv to
exist, in that Teiritory; and hence the action of its Legis-
Jatiue, in the enactment of a prohibitory slave Jaw, was a
mere mockeiy—a brutumfulm.cn—and vetoed as unconsti-
tutional." ^
Mr. BROWN. My friend is very confident
in the opinion that a remedy can be found in the
common law. I intend to treat the Senator's ar-
gument with every possible respect, and he knows
that I am incapable of treating him otherwise than
with marked consideration. But, sir, when doc-
tors get to talking about common law they aie
very apt to make mistakes. I have great confi-
dence in my friend's opinion so far as medicine
is concerned, for he is a doctor of medicine. He
will excuse me if I say I have not very much con-
fidence in his opinions as a lawyer, because he
docs not claim to be a doctor of law. If I wanted
the treatment of a physician, I know of no one
whom I would call in sooner than my friend. If
amputation was necessary, I know of no surgeon
whom I could trust to take off a limb with more
perfect assurance than my friend. But, sir, if I
wanted a case pleaded in court, involving ac-
quaintance with the common law, he will excuse
me if I say that I would rather have a man who
had dived a little deeper into Coke and Black-
stone.
This argument is so often used, and has sunk
so deeply into the public mind, that I feel, in the
attitude which I occupy to-day, called upon to
meet it; not only as it is presented by the honor-
able Senator from Indiana, but as presented by
others. I believe that the Constitution and the
common law, unaided by statutory law, do not
afford, and cannot in the nature of things afford,
sufficient protection for slave property in the Ter-
ritories; and by way of illustration, I beg to make
cases. Suppose I go with my slave to Kansas,
and he is decoyed irony my possession, taken,
not into Illinois or Indiana, or any other non-
slaveholding State, where it may be said I could
pursue him under the provisions of the fugitive
slave law, but taken from the county in winch J
am domiciliated, simply into an adjoining county
—not stolen, recollect, but simply decoyed from
my possession; induced by signs, winks, and
nods, which I never could establish in a court of
justice, to leave my service; taken and harbored
in an adjoining county. In this state of the case
I undertake to pursue him as my property, and
! recover him, armed with the Constitution and the
| common law: now, sir, how shall I base my
| action? Will my friend tell me, as he seems to
understand the common law, what is to be my
suit? I have been told elsewhere, and probably
I shall be told again, that if I could find the iden-
tical property taken, I could bring an action of
i replevin and recover the property. So I could.
