1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Boteler. Boycc, Brabson, Branch, Brayton, Bristow, Burch,
Bui nett, Horace F. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane,
Col.'ax, Cox, James. Craig, Burton Craige, Curry, Davidson,
Reuben Davjvj, De Jarnette, Edgerton, Edmund&on, Ely,
Etheridge, Farnsworth, Garnett, Gartiell, Hall, Hamilton,
Hardeman, John T. Hams, Hickman, Hill, Hmdman,
Hoard, Jloiman, Houston, Hughes, Hutehms, Jones, Wil-
liam Kellogg, Kiliinger, Kunkel, Lamar, Larrabea, James
M. Leach, Logan, Love, Lovejoy, Maclay, Maynard, Mc-
Queen, Mcitae, Miles, MiUson, Laban T. Moore, Syden-
ham Moore, Noel], Perry, Peyton, Phelps, Porter, Potter,
Q,uarles, Reagan, Riggs, James C. Robinson, lluffin, Scott,
Singleton, William Smith, William N. 11. Smith, Spinner,
Stevens, JamesA. Stewart, Stokes,Taylor, Thajer, Tliea-
ker,Thomas,Tompkins,Trimble, Underwood, Vance, Van
Wyck, Waldron, Whiteley, Woodson, and Wright—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Gtoen Attains, Aldricli, Ashley, Samuel
S. Blair, Buffinton, Butteifield, Campbell, Carter, Ca- e,
John tt. Clark, Cuitis, H. Winter Davis, John G. Davis,
Dawes, Delano, Dimmiek, Duell, Dunn, Eliot, English,
Ferry, Florence, Foster, Frank, French, Gooch, Graham,
Gurley, Hale, J. Morrison Harris, Ila^km, llelmiek, Wil-
liam Howard, Humphiey, Irvine, Junkm, Francis W. Kel-
logg, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Longnecker, Loornis, Mal-
loiy, Marston, MeKcan, MeKnigbt, McPher^on, Montgom-
ery, Mnorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy Morns, Morse,.
Nelson, Niblack, Nixon, Pettit, Pottle, Rice, Christophei
Robinson, Iloyee, Schwartz, Seianton, Sedgwick, Sher-
man, Sickles, Spauiding, Stanton, William Stewart, Stout,
Stiatton, Tappan, Vallaudtgham, Vamlever, Verree, Wade,
Walton, Cadvvalader C. Washburn, Elhhu B. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Webster, Wilson, Wmdom, and Wood-
ruff—83.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. BURLINGAME stated that he had paired
with Mr. Crawford.
Mr. HOARD. If the amendment is voted down,
I desire to know how this Biue Book will be dis-
tributed in respect to members? The section
says, " to be distributed as the Statutes at Large
are or may be distributed." Now the Statutes
at Large are not furnished to members at all.
Mr. PETTIT. By the late act providing for
compensation of members of Congress, it was
provided that any books not published on the
order of either House, which should afterwards be
ordered and received, should be charged against
the salary of the member. Acting on this prin-
ciple, it is intended that the Blue Book shall not
be furnished to members, just as the Statutes at
Large are not furnished to members. If the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky is
adopted, members will continue to receive them,
as they do now.
Mr. BURNETT. I will say to the gentleman
that if my amendment is adopted, these books
will be distributed just as they are now by law.
Mr. HOARD. Then I shall vote "ay."
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois stated that if he had
been within the bar when his name was called,
he should have voted " ay."
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. BURNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. NELSON. I wish to ask the unanimous
consent of the House to submit an amendment to
which the chairman of the Committee on the Li-
brary consents, and to which I think there can be
no objection. I propose the following amendment:
Insert at the end of section six. line thirteen, " and that
one copy ot the reports ot the Supreme Court o! the United
States t>hall be deposited in the office ot"cach districteourt
of the United States, for the u>e of the eiicut and district
courts; and also to each of the several States, in exchange
for the reports of their supieme cuuib."
Mr. HOUSTON. I object.
Mr. PETTIT. I move, then, the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was passed.
Mr. PETTIT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had exam-
ined, and found truly enrolled, a bill (H. R. No.
556) for the relief of Francis Lavonture, and
Pierre Grignon; when the Speaker signed the
same.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the light-house bill,
which was postponed until this day.
I call for the regular or
rder of
V
Mr. ELIOT
business.
POST OFFICE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a question of privilege.
I am instructed by the committee of conference
on the Post Office deficiency bill to present the
following report:
The Clerk then read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendments to the biil (H. 11. No.
503) making further appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department, for the fiscal year ending the 30th of
June, i860, having met, after full and free conference have
been unable to agree.
GALUSHA A. GROW,
JOHN H. REAGAN,
E. B. WASHBURNE,
Managers on the part of the House of Representatives,
R. M. T. HUNTER,
II. M. IUCE,
J. COLLAMEK,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. GROW. I move that the House recede
from its disagreement to the first amendment of
the Senate, and agree to the Senate amendment
with an amendment. I ask that the amendment
of the Senate and the amendment which I propose
may be read, and then I will explain it.
The Clerk read as follows:
At the end of the following amendment of the Senate:
"And the Postmaster General is heieby authorized and
required to advertise for proposals, and contract with the
lowest responsible bidder or bidders, for the transportation
of the United States mail, in steamships, fiom Charleston,
South Carolina, by Savannah, Georgia, and Key West,
Florida, to Havana, in Cuba, and back, twice a month,
or oftener, from the first day of July, I860, to the 30th June,
1884, inclusive, at a sum not to exceed $30,000 per an-
num," add as follows:
Provided, The said servicc shall be performed in the
same time as was prescribed in the schedule time in the
contract for the .service of the steamer Isabel, and the Post-
master General is hereby authorized and direetcd to pay for
the actual service perfotmcd by the Kud steamer Isabel,
from Chaileston to Havana, pievious to the passage of
tins act, at the «.ame rate of compensation as was provided
in the contract for that service : And provided further, That
the Postmaster General is hereby directed to restore the in-
land service on all routes under contract on the 4th of
Maich, 18j9, unless the same have expired by their own
limitation, or where improved service over said routes has
been furnished byiailroads or otherwise; and where the
service has been actually performed by the contractor upon
curtailed lines, notwithstanding such cuitailmentthePost-
master General shall pay the contiactors as if no change
had been ordered ; but the Postmastei Geneial {shall not be
required to restore the seivieeon any of said routes beyond
one daily mail each way, nor to interfere with any changes
of service that may have been made without reduction of
price, nor to restore service on route No. 10615 from Neo-
sho, Missouri, to Albuquerque,New Mexico,nor to restore
service on route No. 15050, from Kansas, Missouri, via
Santa Fe, New Mexico, to Stockton, California, nor any
pai t of the route No. 8076, west of El Paso : Providedfur-
ther, That nothing herein contained shall debar the Post-
master General from discriminating or curtailing any of the
routes hereby restored, nor shall the contractor oi contract
ors upon said restored routes be paid any extra allowance
whatever, in consequence of any new curtailment or dis-
continuance : Andprovidedfurther, That no service hereby
restored shall be put in operation unless by the absent of
the contractor or contractors therefor: And provided fur-
ther, That the appropriation herein made shall be so con-
strued as to embrace those made by the joint resolution
u for the relief of the contractors of the Po«.t Office Depart-
ment," approved 28th March, I860: And provided further,
That nothing herein contained shall be construed so as to
renew the mail service on the Cumberland river, above
Claiksviile, m the State of Tennessee.
Mr. GROW. The House bill provided for the
restoration of all the service which had been dis-
continued or curtailed since the 4th of March,
1859, and to pay for the service which has been
actually performed, down to the present time.
My amendment proposes to restore all these cur-
tailed routes, with the exception of three routes
therein named, which everybody seems to agree
are not necessary.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman if he has made any estimate how much
this restored service will cost the Government5
Mr. GROW. I am coming to that m a mo- I
ment. Will the gentleman from Mississippi first j
allow me to explain the general provisions of my !
amendment? >
Mr. BARKSDALE. Certainly. But I desire
to state that, m my opinion, if these routes are j
restored, the Post Office Department will be a tax j
on the Treasury to the amount of more than ten j
million dollars a year. j
Mr. GROW. The other day a gentleman dc- j
clared m this* House, when a pension bill was ;
before the House, that if it was passed, it would
cost this Government $37,000,1)00. But the gen-
tleman in charge of the bill, who had the estimate
of the Pension department, showed that it ^rould
not cost over one and a half million. I will sug-
gest to the gentleman that the figures are much
more valuable in legislation than mere" declara-
tions.
Now, sir, the Senate proposed to strike out the
entire provision, inserted by_ the House in the bill,
in reference to the restoration of the inland ser-
vice, including the service of the Isabel, between
Charleston and Key West, and inserted a provis-
ion requiring the service between Charleston and
Key West to be let to the lowest bidder. By my
amendment it is provided that the Postmaster
General shall restore all the service as it existed
on the 4th ofMarch, 1859, unless the contracthas
expired by its own terms, and pay for all during
the time of discontinuance, if the service was act-
ually performed. While we propose to restore
the service, we do not interfere at all with the
discretionary power of the Postmaster General,
after the service is restored, to discontinueorcur-
tail any service he pleases; and if he discontinues
or curtails any service, no extra allowance is to
be paid on the servicc so restored. By the exist-
ing laws regulating the Post Office Department,
if the Postmaster General discontinues afly route,
he must pay the contractor one montlrs extra
pay upon thecontract; andifhe curtails any route,
he must pay one twelfth of the saving for a year
made upon the curtailment.
In providing, therefore, that where the service
is restored the Postmaster General may exercise
his discretion upon it without any extra cost to
the Government, all the mail servicc is alike as to
the cxcrcise of his discretion in continuing it. So
the service, if restored, would be put back just as
it was on the 4th of March, 1859; leaving to the
Postmaster General the same discretion he had at
that time.
The Senate struck out the House provision in
reference to the steamer Isabel, and substituted a
provision that the service between Charleston and
Key West should "be advertised and given out to
the lowest bidder. We propose to add to that:
the advertisement shall be made for the same
schedule of time as was contained in the contract
with the steamer Isabel, and that the steamer Isa-
bel shall be paid for the service actually performed
up to the passage of this act.
Then the effect of the proviso would be, if
adopted, to restore the mail servicc which has
been discontinued or curtailed since the 4th of
March, 1859, and continue the same in operation,
unless the Postmaster General, in his discretion,
should again discontinue any part of it. It only
extends, in restoring service, to contracts now in
existence. One section of contracts expires this
July, and of course this provision would not to
any extent operate upon them. Another section
expires a year from this time, and another two
years from this time; and this restoration would
only apply to those contracts during their exist-
ence.
Now, in answer to the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Barksdale,] I will say, that the
Postmaster General reported last December that
he had saved, by the curtailment $1,725,869.
That is all he claims to have saved by the curtail-
ment; and how, I aslc, could the restoration of
that same service cost $10,000,000?
Mr. BARKSDALE. What was the deficit
during the last fiscal year?
Mr. GROW. Pour or five million, 1 believe.
Mr. BARKSDALE. My recollection is, that
it was six or seven million dollars.
Mr. GROW. Suppose it was: that has noth-
ing to do with this matter. The whole curtail-
ment was only §1,725,869 throughout the whole
country. Now, we do not propose to restore the
Tehuantepcc route, on which the Postmaster
General saved $250,000, nor the California ocean
service, on which he saved $387,000; nor the
overland route to Stockton, on which would be
saved $80,000; and on the Neosho route $17,000,
and on the El Paso route would be saved about
ten thousand dollars. So that the service which
we provide shall not be restoied, amounts to
$744,250. Then take the cost of this service,which
we provide expressly shall not be restored, out of
the amount saved by curtailed service, and it leaves
only $981,619 as the entire cost of the restored
.service, should the Postmaster General continue
it all in opctation.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I would ask the
