1948
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
Estimates Secretary of the Treasury $46,278,893 56
Reductions made by Committee of Ways
and Means    1,230,017 83
Amount in bills as reported by committee.. 45,048,875 73
Adtf permanent appropriations excluding in-
terest on the public debt, amounting to.. 4,786,981 00
49,835,836 73
Add interest on public debt .*  3,388,621 0U
$53,222,457 73
If the House will take the bills as reported by
the Committee of Ways and Moans, instead of
the estimates of the Secretary of the Treasury,
the Government will save about $1,500,000.
But I have no doubt that the very items which,
upon the fairest examination, we have found to
be too large or unnecessary for the public ser-
vice, and have, therefore, reduced, will be put
upon the bills, either by this House or in the
Senate; and, nodoubt, the bills will be overloaded
with Senate amendments of four or five million
more, as has been the ease during every Congress
since I have been a member of this House. If,
however, the estimates of the Committee of Ways
and Means and their reductions are sanctioned,
the ordinary appropriations for the Government
will be reduced to $4§,04S,875, aside from the
public debt and the permanent appropriations.
And, in my judgment, if we would devote our
time to a fair investigation of the ordinary opera-
tions of the Government, we might reduce our
aggregate expenses to $>50,000,000 annually; but
so long as sectional controversy is the chief em-
ployment of our time, so long as no debate is al-
lowed here except that which involves the safety
of slavery, we wilt not accomplish a radical reduc
tion of the expenses of the Government.
No permanent or substantial reductions can be
made without an earnest cooperation between the
executive and legislative branches of the Govern-
ment. We can limit appropriations, but we can-
not, except by the process of impeachment, pre-
vent the misapplication of the public money. We
may appropriate for officers and clerks, but if the
President or a head of Department will detail them
to edit a party newspaper, or pension them for
party services by appointing them to offices whose
duties they never perform, we cannot prevent it.
if the head of each Department shall, without
fear or favor, administer his Department, apply-
ing to services rendered there precisely the sanu-
rule, as to fitness, industry and compensation, as
would be applied by any prudent private citizen
in his own affairs, ail the abuses we now hear so
much of would soon cease.
There are several branches of expenditure
which, m my judgment, Congress could by wise
legislation reduce without injury to the public
service; and as i do not desire to debate the several
appropriation bills, 1 propose to slate here three
or four branches of expenditure where material
reductions might be made. The first is the ex-
penditures in the naval service. I was unfortu-
nately in the minority of the committee upon the
appropriations in the Navy bill. I have nodoubt
that the amount recommended to be appropriated
for the construction and repair of vessels could
be decreased fully $1,000,000, with a benefit to
the public service, in the bill, we have re-
ported §3,500,000 for the construction. repair, and
equipment of vessels, m accoidunee with the esti-
mates sent in by the Secretary of the Navy. 1
am opposed to that appropriation; and when the
time comes for the consideration of that bill, I
shall move an amendment to it in that respect.
Last session Congress adopted some substan-
tial reforms, but those reforms have not been
regarded in the present Navy bill.
There arc otuer reforms which ought to be
made, and which can only be effected by careful
legislation. One of those is in the Post Office ser-
vice. The deficiency in that Department is now
$6,000,000 annually The expenses of that De-
partment, cm tailed as its service now is, are
$6,000,000 more than its revenue; and if you re-
store tlie postal service as it has heretofore been,
and as is now asked for, you will have a defi-
ciency of $8,500,000, and that sum lias to be paid
out of the public Treasury. 1 have no earthly
doubt that the expenses of the postal Department
could be paid out of us ordinary receipts, in the
State of Ohio, according to the tabular statement
sent to us by the Department, the postal service
costs just about as much as the receipts; and yet
there are contractors in that State—meji of the
highest respectability and responsibility—whoare
ready to engage to perform all the postal service
in Ohio for one half of the receipts. Why, sir,
there is $3,243,974 paid to railroad companies for
transporting the mails; and yet these very mails
are usually carried in the same cars in which ex-
press companies carry private property for one
third the expense. 3f this mail,matter was now
carried by express companies, rdute agents could
be abolished. If the whole postal service was let
out, as it should be, to private enterprise—to ex-
press companies—1 have no doubt that the post
office business would be better managed, its duties
better performed, and a large amount of money
saved to the Government. I hope the Post Office
Committee and members of the House will re-
member these facts when we come to act upon
matters connected with that branch of the public
scrvice.
As a general rule, [ take it, we have in the post
offices an inferior class of men-—generally parti-
san editors, who have to be rewarded for their
services, or by men who distinguished themselves
by devotion to their party in their several locali-
ties. They are not such men as any private com-
pany of individuals would employ to perform the
same duties.
As J said before, you employ railroad compa-
nies to carry your mails, and they charge two or
three times as much as they charge private indi-
viduals. You also upon many routes require
coaches to be run for the benefit of passengers,
while there is no connection between that busi-
ness and the carrying of mail matter for distri-
bution among the people of the United States;
§3,134,094 is paid for coach service alone. 1
have no doubt if the United States was divided
into postal districts, bounded, as far as practica-
ble, by State lines, and the business of carrying
all the post office matter overall the postal routes
established by law, and the delivery of it at the
different post offices, were let out under a wise
and judicious management of the Department, the
expenditures would be decreased at least to the
amount of the deficit.
But a reduction of expenses in this Department,
in that way, would require great care, investiga-
tion, and labor; and no Administration will un-
dertake it unless compelled by law, because, if it
does it, it will have to turn out an army of office-
holder—some sixteen or seventeen thousand—
who are now feeding at the public crib. It is dif-
ficult to estimate the saving to the Government,
and the healthy influence of disbanding these hun-
gry partisans and substituting in their stead such
agents as would be selected for their fitness alone.
If this system was adopted, citizens who arc com-
pelled to resort to the mail, to transfer money or
other valuables, would have individual responsi-
bility for the loss of mail matter; while the Gov-
ernment of the United States carry the letters of
her citizens in a very loose manner, at an expense
of six or eight million dollars annually,and with-
out any responsibility. When a person loses
money through the mail it is gone; because the
United States performs the duty of a common car-
rier without any of the responsibility which at-
taches to that position all the world over.
liut there is another matter in which there
should be a reform. We are appropriating a mil-
ium dollars every year to pay the ordinary judi-
cial expenses of tfie Government other than the
salaries of judicial officers, and all sorts of abuses
have grown up in the disbursement of that fund.
1 need not speak specially of the matters connected
with tile offices of your district attorneys and your
marshals; for all gentlemen must be conversant
with the abuses connected with those places.
Men are selected, summoned, and kept as jurors
and witnesses because of their political opinions,
and as a reward for political service, and all sorts
of constructive fees and charges are made and
allowed.
13ut 1 am taking up more time with these de-
tails than I intended. If we could only manage
these matters as intelligent business men manage
their own, there would be an end to all these
abuses. This we cannot do, because parties look
to the public money as the reward of party suc-
cess. If the Republican party be charged with
the administration of the Government next year,
as I trust it will be, it may oppose all reform; it
may follow the example of the Democratic party,
in parceling out money and patronage among its
partisans without regard to the public scrvice;
but if so, it will surely lose the confidence of its
supporters. The Republican party could not
stand for a moment if it was convicted as this Ad-
ministration has been, with the corrupt practices
and abuses disclosed by committees of this House.
The difference between the Democratic and Re-
publican parties is, that the disclosure of corrupt
abuses by Democratic officials does not seem to
excite censure or induce removals, while the Re-
publican party has shown a readiness to punish
such of its agents as have violated their trust.
Many of these abuses have grown out of the
necessity imposed upon the sectional interest con-
trolling the Democratic party, to preserve more
strength in the northern States; and, therefore,
offices are given, spoils divided out, newspapers
pensioned and edited in northern States. Rut
as the Democratic party in the northern States has
finally reached a point beyond which they dare
not or will not go, as they seem at last to make
their stand upon popular sovereignty, I tell them
that if they maintain that position in good faith,
and yield no further to the demands of sectional-
ism, the slavery question in the Territories will
soon be settled, and we will have time to remove
the just reproach cast upon our popular institu-
tions by the abuses sanctioned by this Adminis-
tration. (See note A.)
I have shown, Mr. Chairman, that we will have
to raise sixty-five to seventy millions for the next
fiscal year. Where is it to come from? What
sources of revenue have we ? First, we have the
public lands. I have here a table which pre-
sents some singular facts in regard to these lands.
In the year 1859, the Government disposed of
13,540,262 acres of public lands, from which it
received $1,628,187, or about a shilling an acre.
What became of these lands ? Why over5,000,000
acres went to railroad companies, to form their
capital stock; and that, not by the action of one
party, but by all parties. I am glad that I never
voted for such grants. By the natural operation
of business, all these lands go into the hands of
non-residents; of foreigners, who furnish railroad
iron on the security of these lands. We granted,
as swamp lands, 1,530.966 acres, and in bounty
land warrants, 2,941,700 acres. The receipts paid
into the Land Office were but $1,628,187, while the
expenses of the land offices, of clerks, registers
and receivers, land surveys, &c., amounted to
$1,310,758; so that the net proceeds of the rev-
enue from public lands was but $>300,000.
I trust, therefore, that the idea of looking to the
public lands as a source of revenue will be at once
abandoned. Let us, by awise system of preemp-
tion laws, or by a homestead bill, or some system
of that kind, invite every man who desires to lo-
cate on western lands to go there and make for
himself a home. That is the only honest, the only
noble, the only manly system of disposingof the
public lands. There is no reason in the world
why western settlers should pay the Government
for the lands they occupy. Their labor gave to
these lands their value. They were of no value
to the Government or anybody else while they
lay there uncultivated. It is the labor of the hardy
men of the western States that gives to these lands
all their value; and yet they have paid millions
on millions for the public lands; so that the his-
tory of each new State, for the first ten years of
its existence, has been a struggle with poverty and
debt; and all the new States are now laden down
with debts contracted in paying for the public
lands, either to the Government or speculators.
Labor alone gave them any value. It is idle,
therefore, to look to the public lands as a source
of revenue.
To show you how so distinguished a gentle-
man as the Secretary of the Treasury may make
mistakes in these matters, I have here a table
which presents this curious state of facts. Mr.
Secretary Cobb estimated the receipts from public
lands in 1858 at $6,000,000. It turned out to be
$3,513,715; and the great bulk of that was paid
for expends. In 1859 he estimated the receipts
from public lands at $5,000,000. It turned out to
be $1,756,687. In 1860 he estimated them first at
$5,000,000, and afterwards at $2,500,000. They
have and will realize less than two million. He
estimates the receiptsfrom the sales of public lands
in 1861 at $4,000,000. in my judgment they will
not reach $500,000, because I hope this Con-
gress will pass a preemption and homestead law,
and that will settle the question of the public lands.
