1004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
I have already replied to "that point. He con-
tinues:
u Cut when you ask us to give you congressional codes
for the protection of slavery in Territories, where the right
is worth nothing to you, we respond, no."
That, too, I have replied to.
" We do this for two reasons: first, itisnot in our power
to send to Congress men to aid you."
We never asked impossibilities. "We only say
TRY.
<k Second, we hold the doctrine as wholly unreasonable,
and, excuse me for saying it, in the days of the proviso,
many southern statesmen were understood by us as sanc-
tioning the doctrine of non-intervention to the iullest extent.
We understood the entire South to assent to this doctrine
in the Kansas and Nebraska bill and in the Cincinnati plat-
form. The claims of the present day wear to us the sem-
blance of after thoughts," See.
I mean to treat the question with entire fairness.
It is true that we did agree to the doctrine of non-
intervention ; but it was to the doctrine of non-inter-
vention as applied to the points then in dispute.
Those points were the Wilmot proviso, and the
doctrine that a Territorial Legislature might prop-
erly exclude slavery; we denying the power of
Congress or the power of a Territorial Legislature
to accomplish this result; our opponents on the Re*
publican side, and some on the Democratic side,
asserting that Congress had the power; but the
large majority of the northern Democrats taking
the ground that a Territorial Legislature could ac-
complish this end, and most of the southern men
denying it. We were asked; "Why not allow
Congress to act and to affirm the power; and then,
if you arc right in believing the act is unconstitu-
tional, take yourappual to the Supreme Court and
have the act overthrown ?" Ourreplywas: "We
do not want to go before the court with the forcfe
of a congressional opinion against us; we neither
ask you to affirm our doctrinc,itor allow that you
shall affirm your own; we arc willing to go before
the court unopprcssed by the expression of any
opinion, one way or the other, by Congress." To
this extent we are for non-intervention; do not
interpose your authority against us, and we arc
content that you shall not interpose it in our favor.
Well, sir, what have we done? We have been
before the court, and the court has affirmed our
side of the question. The court has determined
that Congress has no power to exclude slavery
from the Territories. It has affirmed more; that
Congress can confer no such power on a Terri-
torial Legislature; and that a Territorial Legis-
lature, having no other powers than those which
it derives from Congress, and Congress having
no power to confer this authority, it cannot be
exercised by a Territorial Legislature. And thus,
our side of the two propositions has been affirmed;
non-intervention has been worked out to its legiti-
mate and proper conclusion; the doctrine is at an
end; the case has been fully met, has been en-
tirely settled. At this point, the Senator from
Illinois comes in with aif altogether new doctrine,
a doctrine never heard of before, to which our
agreement never could have applied, because it
was not then in existence—the doctrine that a Ter-
ritorial Legislature, by unfriendly action, and by
doing nothing, may as effectually exclude us as
Congress could by direct legislation. Still, it is
affirmed that all of us—I have seen the statement
made very often in the newspapers, heard it af-
firmed by members of Congress and by Senators,
seen elaborate essays put forth to prove it, read
letters like the one just produced—that we all
agreed that Congress never should interpose in
defense of slave property in a Territory; that
we all agreed to leave the whole question to the
people of the Territoiy; that we all agreed that
if the people thought proper to have slaves, they
might have them; and if they thought proper not
to have them, then we were not to take them there.
I never agreed to any such thing. By way of
proving this declaration, I beg leave to call the
attention of Senators, very briefly, to some of my
former declarations on this point. In a speech
pronounced by me in the House of Representa-
tives, 011 the 3d day of June, 1848, I used this
language. After discussing the whole territorial
question, I said:
"The conclusions, Mr. Chairman, to which my own
mind has arrived on the several pomt> involved,arc biiefly
the.se: That every citizen of the United States may go to
the Territories and take with him hi&piopertv, be it slaves
or any other description of property. That neither the Uni-
ted States Congress, nor a Territorial Legislature, has any
power or authoi ity to exclude him; and that the power of
legislation, by whomsoever exercised in the Tei4Ronss,
whether by Congress or the Territorial Legislature, must
be exerted for the equal benefit of all, for the southern
slaveholder no less than for the northern dealer in dry
goods."
That doctrine I affirmed on the 3d day of June,
1848. I reaffirm it in the resolutions upon your
table to-day, sir, to which I am addressing my-
self. Now, J will run hastily over other remarks
of mine, to show you that I have never, at any
time, departed in the slightest possible degree
from this doctrine. On the 12th of February,
1850, in reviewing a speech pronounced by a then
eminent Senator from Michigan, now the Secre-
tary of State, upon his favorite doctrine of squat-
ter sovereignty, I am reported to have used this
language:
" General Cass had (if Mr. B. correctly understood him)
avowed his opinion to be, that the people of the Territo-
ries have the right to exclude slavery; and he was under-
stood to sustain the action of the people of California in
forming a State government. Against all these partis of the
speech of General Cass, he (Mr. B.) entered his solemn
protest." * * * * " But he understood Gen-
eral Cass as going further than th is—to the extent of giving
to the people of the Territories the right to exclude slavery
during their territorial existence, and, indeed, before gov-
ernment of any sort had been established by Congress. He
understood the doctrine as advanced by General Cass to
be, that the occupants of the soil where no government
existed—as in New Mexico, California, Deserct, &c.—had
the risht to exclude slavery ; and against this doctrine he
raised his humble voice; and though he might standalone,
without one other southern representative to sustain him,
he would protest against it to the last."
Again, on the 13th day of May, 1850, I used
this language:
" I admit the right of self-government; I admit that every
people may regulate their domestic aftairs in their own
way; I freely and fully admit the doctrine that a people
finding themselves in a country without laws., may make
laws for themselves, and to suit themselves. But in doing
this they must take care not to infringe tiie rights of the
owners and proprietors of the poil. if, for example, one
hundred or one thousand American citizens should find
themselves thrown on an island belonging to Great Butain,
I uninhabited and wuhou* law , such citizens, fiom the veiy
necessity of fheir position would have a light to make laws
for themselves. But in doing this, they would have no
right to say to her Majesty's subjects m Scotland,you may
come to this island with your property; and to her Irish
subjects, you shall not come with your property. They
would have no rightto set the proprietors at defiance,or to
make insulting discriminations between proprietors holding
one species ol property and those owning another species
of property. No such power would be at all necessary to
their self-government; and any attempt to exercise itwould
justly be legarded as an impeitinent attempt to assume the
supreme power, when in iact they were mere tenants at
will."
Again, on the 8th of August, of the same year,
l used this language:
n Give us the Constitution, as it was administered fiom
the day <>t its formation to 18X9, and we are satisfied: up to
that tune Consiess never assumed to interfeic with the
relation of master and servant. It extended over all, and
gave to all equal protection; give it to us to-day in the same
spirit, uiui we aie satisfied. Less than this we will not
accept. You a*k us to love the Constitution, to reveie the
Union, and to honor the glorious banner of the stars and
stripes. Excuse me, gentlemen; but I must say to you,
m all candor, that the day has gone by when I and my peo-
ple can cheri&h a superstitious reverence for mere names.
Give us a Constitution strong enough to shield us all in the
same degree, and we will love it. Give us a Union capacious
enough to receive us all as equals, and we will revere it.
Give us a banner that is broad enough to cover us as a nation
of brothers, and we will honor it. But if you offer us a broken
Constitution—one tlm can only shield northern people and
northern pioperty—we will spurnit. If you offer us a Union
so contracted that only half of the States can stand up as
equals, we will reject it; and if you offer us a banner that
covcis your people and your property, and leaves ours to
the perils of piracy and plunder, we will trample it under
our teet. We came into this Union as equals, and we will
remain in it as equals. We demand equal laws and equal
jtisticc. We demand the protection of the Constitution for
ourselves, oui lives, and our property. Wherever we may
he, we demand that the national flag, wherever it may
wave, on the land or on the seas, >.hall"give shelter and se-
curity to our property and ourselves.5'
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] the
other day asserted, in the boldest and most em-
phatic manner, that in the passage of the Kansas-
Nebraska Hill there was a united agreement on
the Democratic side to abide, through all time to
come, by his favorite theory of non-intervention.
I desire to read remarks made by myself on the
very night when that bill was passed. On that
memorable 25th of May, 1854, after ten o'clock
at night, I used this language:
" Ft now lacks only ten minutes of eleven o'clock. Of !
course I do not intend, at this late hont, to detain the Sen-
ate with any further remarks on this hill; noi do 1 design
to offer any amendments. But r do not mean that the bill
shall pass without my saying to the Senate and to the coun-
try that there are two amendments which I intended to have
proposed, if the Senate had not already indicated, in dis-
tinct terms, that it is resolved to pass the bill in its present
foim. I am not going to run counter to the sentiment of
.the Senate; but when I have a dear and distinct opinion
upon any subject, I am willing to express that opinion by
fore the Senate and before the world; and having a clear
conviction upon my mind that there arc atleasttwo defects
in this bill, 1 wish, before the vote is taken, to point them
out. 1 am willing that it may stand on iccoid, for me or
against me, through all time, that I thought these were de-
fects. The first is the fourteenth section of the bill. After
speaking of the Missouri compromise, it says:
" ' Which, being inconsistent with the principles of non-
intervention by Congress with slavery in the States and
Territories, as recognized by> the legislation of 1850, com-
monly called the compromise measures, is hereby declaied
inoperative and void.'
" I intended to move to strike out the words which relate
to the compromise measures of 1850, from the word' with,'
in line twenty-three, to the word 'is,* in line twenty-six;
and insert, s the Constitution of the United States:' so as
to make it read, < which, being inconsistent with the Con-
stitution of the United States, is hereby declared inopera-
tive and void.' I would much lather stand by the Consti-
tution than by the compromise. 1 have much more respect
for the Constitution than for the compromise. I need not say
that I never have been for that compromise, am not for it
now, and never expect to be for it. I have been for the
Constitution, aui for it now, and ever cxpcct to be for it.
3 acquiesce in the compromise of 1850, just as we all did
in the compromise of 1820, without approving it."
With what propriety, then, it can be said that I
agreed to the doctrine of non-intervention as laid
down in the compromise of 1850, in the Kansas-
Nebraska bill, or anywhere else, I am at a loss
to determine. These two points I never hate
waived. 1 never considered at any time, in any
place, or under any circumstances, that the peo-
ple of a Territory had a right to exclude slavery.
I never yielded the point that Congress was
bound to interpose everywhere, upon the sea and
upon the land, for the protection of my property
and the property of my section, of my State, of
my people, to the same extent that it interposes
for the protection of other people's property.
The Senator from Mew York, [Mr. Seward,]
in his very elaborate speech the other day, as
other Senators had done before, undertook to
show that slavery was not only detrimental to
the bestinterests of the master, but a great wrong
to the slave—to the black man. I take issue with
those propositions; and without undertaking to
elaborate the points necessarily involved, I de-
clare again, as I did in reply to the Senator from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle,] that, in my opin-
ion, slavery is a great moral, social, and political
blessing—a blessing to the slave, and a blessing
to the master. The evidence on .which I affirm
that it is no hardship to the black man, is found
in this: that four million of the negro race in the
slaveholding States of this Union are to-day in a
bettercondition,morally,socially, and religiously,
than four million of the same race anywhere on
the face of God's habitable globe. I submit that
proposition to the honorable Senator; and if there
be four million negroes on the four continents
so happy, so contented, so well provided for, so
moral, so religious, anil occupying so high a so-
cial position as the four million of southern slaves,
tell me where they arc to be found. If they are
to be found neither in their native land nor in for-
eign climes, then how do you assume that they
have been debased in their servile condition?
How do you prove that slavery has degraded
them, if they are better off than their race any
where else?
• But, sir, I have made up some very brief statis-
tics, to show that the black man in a state of
slavery is more prosperous, and physically more
vigorous, and multiplies his species in a greater
ratio than he does in any other condition. I find
in looking into national statistics that from 1810
to 1820—I take 1810 because that was immedi-
ately after the slave trade was abolished—the
slaves of the United States increased twenfy-nine
per cent; the free blacks twenty-seven percent.
(I omit fractions.) Prom 1820 to 1830 the slave
increase was thirty per cent., and (he free black
thirty-four per cent. It wit! be recollected that
that was a season when the spirit of emancipa-
tion was abroad; when Maryland was upon the
very eve of emancipating her slaves: when Del-
aware virtually abolished slavery, retaining it
only in name; when the southern slaveholding
States generally were inclined to emancipate then-
slaves; but even under this state of things, the
free black population only gained four per cent,
over the .slave population. From 1830 to 1840 the
slaves increased twenty-three per cent., and the
free blacks twenty per cent. Prom 1840 to 1850
what do we find? While abolition has been ram-
