2892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
gentleman whether Oris ^1,725,869 does not in-
clude the saving arising from the discontinuance
of i*outc agents and mail messengers?
Mr. GROW. It includes all the saving^ as
reported by the Postmaster General upon the
routes discontinued and curtailed.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman from Missouri
asks whether this $1,725,000 does not include all
the curtailments of the route agents and the mail
messengers. The accounts of " transportation"
in the Post Office Department include not only
the mail service, but also the route agents; and
therefore, if any such were curtailed, the saving
is included in this $1,725,000, which would make
the amount of mail service restored by this bill
still smaller. This $1,725,000 further included
§250,000 for the Tchuantrpec route, which is not
restored by this bill; §387,250 saved by ^reletting
the ocean mail service between New York and
California, and, of course, not the result of this
compulsory curtailment; and over one hundred
thousand dollars by the discontinuance of throe
overland routes, which are excepted from the pro-
visions of this bill; leaving less than ono million
dollars of service to be restored by this bill.
If one quarterof these routes are worthless,and
shall not finally be restored—as the Postmaster
General is allowed not to do by this bill—then
the amount of the cost of this service restored
will be less than three quarters of a million dol-
lars.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Has the gentleman re-
ceived any estimate of what the recently adver-
tised routes will cost? I desire to say that, in my
judgment, if this amendment should be adopted
by the House and become a law, and the service
be restored, and (hat be added to the last year's
deficiency, together with the expense of those new
routes, it will make a tax upon the Treasuiy to
the amountof about ten million dollars, as I staled
some time ago.
Mr. COLFAX. I will say to the gentleman
that it will amount to nothing of that kind. So
far as the service upon the routes of 1858 are con-
cerned, a bill has passed both branches of Con-
gress, appropriating $400,000 for them; and, un-
der the system of star bids, now adopted by the
Department, it will probably cost less than that.
And further, I wish to remind the gentleman
from Mississippi that when we endeavored, the
other day, to curtail the expenses of the Depart-
ment $250,000 in the postmasters alone, without
impairing the efficiency of the service, he refused
to vote with us for it. That would have lessened
the deficiency in the Department, and the cost of
it to the Tieasury.
Mr. GROW \ promised the gentleman from
Missouri to hear his question. I will now
hear it.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. 1 want, to ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania whether the pro-
viso which he now proposes does not leave with
the Postmaster General to say, taking all the pro-
visoes together, whether he will lestorc any route
at all ?
Mr. GROW. If this proviso should become a
law, the Postmaster General would bo bound to
restore all the suivice curtailed since the 4th of
March, 1859, with the exception of the routes
specified. Then he could exercise his discretion
on all the routes, just the saffie as he could on the
4th of March, 1859; and of course we cannot inter-
fere with that; at least I do not propose to do so.
It is not a personal question between the Post-
master General and the House. This proviso
only negatives any such supposition, that he can-
not exercise this discretion. The House behoves
the service, most, if not all of it that was discon-
tinued and curtailed, to be necessary, and appro-
priates moneyand givesitto the Postmaster Gen-
eral with a declaration that they believe the service
necessary for the wants of the country, and then
leaves it to his discretion to manage it. That is all
the amendment I propose would do.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to know
the state of the bill. If 1 understand it right, we
are acting on this without any soit of propriety.
The bill in issue between the two Houses is now,
as I understand, in possession of the Senate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir; it
is here.
Mr. GROW. The bill and the papers belong
to this House, and are here.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from Pennsylvania will call the pre-
vious question.
Ml. GROW. I will call the previous question,
witH this statement: for all the actual service per-
formed, though curtailed by the Postmaster Gen-
eral, the Government is now bound to pay, as was
illustrated in 1836or 1837-B8. When cxirtailments
were made by Mr. Kendall, the then Postmaster
General, the Government afterwards paid for all
the service that was performed according to the
original contract, notwithstanding the curtailment
by the Postmaster General. In this case we give
the Postmaster General money to carry on the
service, with the declaration that we think most,
if not all, of it is necessary; and then leave him
to exercise the discretion which the law gives
him. I now move the previous question.
Mr. REAGAN. I want to suggest an amend-
ment to the bill, to see whether you will accept it.
Mr. GROW. I will hear the gentleman's sug-
gestion.
Mr. REAGAN. I would suggest whether it
would not be better to provide in this way: that
in case there is a second discontinuance of the
service, there shall not be made any further al-
lowance.
Mr. GROW. That is provided for; and that
there may be no mistake, I desire to have the
proviso read again.
The proviso was again read.
Mr. REAGAN. That accomplishes what I
intended.
Mr. GROW. I now demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. PHELPS. I wish the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to withdiaw the previous question
to allow me to submit to the House a motion to
recedefrom itsdisagreementto the Senate amend-
ment.
Mr. GROW. I cannot yield for that purpose.
Mr. HOUSTON. I want to know whether 1
have a right to ask for a division; and if I have
that right, I suppose I must do it before the pre-
vious question is seconded.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes it is
not in order to call for a division. This is the
report of a committee.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered; which was on Mr.
Grow's motion to recede from the agreement to
the Senate amendment,and to agree thereto with
an amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask for a division of the
question, so that the first question shall be puton
the receding from our disagreement to the Senate
amendment. If that is carried, there will be no
necessity for a second vote. I desire to obtain
that sort of division which will enable me to vote
for the first branch of the present motion. I want
to vote for it, and to vote against that part which
proposes an amendment to the Senate amend-
ment.
Mr. GROW. This motion stands exactly the
same as a motion to strike out and insert, which
is not divisible.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
question cannot be divided. It is not susceptible
of divisto n.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I ask for the yeas and
nays upon the question. One half I am willing to
vote for.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 123, nays 63; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Gioen Adams, Adrain, AUtrieh,William
C. Anderson, Ashley. Babbitt, Beak*, Bingham, Fiancis P.
Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Bouligny, Brayton, Butlm-
ton, Burch, Bmlingamc, 13urnham, Butterfield, Campbell,
Cailer, Ca->c, John li. Claik, Collax, Davidson, IL Winter
Davis, Delano, Uimmiok, Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Ed-
waul--, Eliot, Ely, English, Etheridgc, Fenton, Florence,
Foster, Frank, Gooch, Graham, Giow, Guiley, Hale, Hall,
Hamilton, J.Moirit-on Harris, Haskin. H'*imick,Hioknian,
Iloaid, llolman, William ilovvatd, William A. Hovvaid,
Humphrey, Irvme, Fianeis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg,
Kiilmgei. JLatiahee, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Longnecker,
T.ove, Lovejoy, Mar«ron, Chai les D. Martin, McKean,Mc-
Knight, McPherson, McKae, Milhvard, Moorhead, Morrill,
Edward Joy Morns, Isaac N. Morris, Morse, Nelson, Nib-
lack, Niaoh, Noell, Perry, Pettit, Porter, Potter, Pottle,
Nice, Christopher Robinson, Royee, Schwartz, Scott,
Scranton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Sickles, Somes, Spauld-
ing. Spinner, Stevens, William Stewart, Stokes, Stratton,
Tappan, Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins. Trimble, Vandever,
Van Wyck, Vertee, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Webster, Welts, Whiteley, Wilson, Windom,- Woodruff,
and Woodson—123.
NASTS—Messrs. Allen, Ashmore, Avery, Barksdaie,
Barr, Bocock,Bonham, Boyce, Brab>on, Branch, Bristovv,
Burnett, Horace F. Clark, Clapton, Cobb, John Cochrane,
Burton Ciaige, Curry, John G. Davis„ Reuben Davis, De
Jainette, Edmundson, Garnett, Gartrell, Gilmer, Harde-
man, John T. Harris, Ilatton, Hill, Hmdrnan, Houston,
Hughes, Jones, Keitt, Kunkel, James M. Leach, Maclay,
Maynard, McQueen, Miles, Millson, Laban T. Moore,
Sydenham Moore, Peyton, Phelps, Pryor, Pugh, Quarles,
Reagan, Ruffin, Simms, Singleton, William Smith, Wil-
liam N. H. Smith, Stailworth, Stevenson, James A. Stew-
art, Taylor, Thomas, Underwood, Vallandigham, Vance,
and Wright—63.
So the motion was agreed to.
During the vote,
Mr, FERRY said that he was paired with Mr.
Jackson.
Mr. JONES (when his name was called) said:
If 1 understand this matter, it is a double resolu-
tion, the first part proposing to recede from our
disagreement to the Senate amendment, and the
second part proposing a proviso. All of us on
this side are willing to vote for the first; but we
,are not in favor of the second. It is a contradic-
tion within itself. I want to know of the Speaker
if there cannot be a separation of this question; it
seems to me to involve an absurdity.
The SPEAKER. The Chair expressly de-
cided that question before the vote was com-
menced, and no appeal was taken from his de-
cision.
Mr. JONES. Then I undeistand we must
vote on both the propositions together.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair
there is but one proposition.
Mr. JONES. I understood the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to make two distinct propositions.
1 am in favor of the one, and against the other.
Mr. GROW. The debate is not in order, and
I must insist on the regular order.
Mr. JONES. Then I am compelled to vote
" no."
Mr. BOTELER stated that if he had been
within the bar when his name was callcd, he
would have voted " no."
Mr. PENDLETON stated that on this question
he was paired with Mr. Stanton, who had left
the Hall on business of the House.
Mr. COBB stated that he wanted to vote for
one half of it, and against the other half. He
would have to vote " no."
The result was announced as above recorded.
Mr. GROW moved to reconsider the vote by
which his motion was agreed to; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BENJAMIN TYSON.
Mr.^ SCHWARTZ. I move to suspend the
rules to discharge the Committee of the Whole
House from the further consideration of House
bill No. 437, for the relief of Benjamin Tyson, so
as to enable the House to consider it at this time.
The bill was read. Itdirects that there be paid
to Benjamin Tyson the sum of $6,060, with inter-
est from December 31, 1857, it being the balance
of commissions due him as agent of the Navy De-
partment for the purchase of anthracite coal.
Mr.GARTRELL. 1 demand the yeasand nays
on the suspension of the rules.
Mr. HICKMAN. I think there ought to be no
objection made to this very proper bill. Mr.
Schwartz is not able to remain in the Hall.
Mr. GARTRELL. I diUcr with the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. I have examined the bill,
and I think it a very improper claim.
Mr. CURRY. I desire to say, in reply to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, that I was on the
committee who reported this bill, and I voted
against it. In my judgment there is not a particle
of justice in the claim.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HICKMAN. I should like to have the re-
port of the committee read before the yeas and
nays are called.
Mr. BRANCH. I object to that, unless debate
is allowed on both sides; the reading of a report is
debate.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 102, nays 69; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adiain, Aldrich, Allen, Alley, William
C. Anderson, Ashley, Babbitt, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair,
Blake, Boteler, Brayton, Butfinton, Campbell, Carter, John
B. Claik, John Cochrane, Colfax, James Craig, Dawes,
Delano, Dimnuck, Duel!, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely,
Etheiidge. Fenton, Feny, Florence, Foster, Gooch, Gra-
ham, Grow, Guiley, Hale, Hall, Hamilton, J. Morrison
Harris, Ha«kin, Helmick, Hickman, I-lill, William Howard,
Humphrey, Hutcluns, Junkin, Francis w. Kellogg,William
