1006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
else as it left us—to the tender mercies of the Con-
stitution and the common law. It interposed, by-
positive legislation, to protect every species of
property except slave property.
Mr. SAULSBCJRY. Will the Senator pardon
me one moment? I do not wish to be misunder-
stood. I do not wish to place myself in the posi-
tion of denying the propriety of equal protection
to slave property with any other species of prop-
erty in a Territory. When the Senator shows
'an actual case where the slaveholder has been
wronged in any Territory of the United States by
the action of a Territorial Legislature,and where
he has no adequate remedy to redress that wrong,
I, for one, shall be as ready to vote for the pro-
tection of slave property in a Territory as I would
for the protection of any other species of property.
I have no sympathy with those who deny that
slaves are property, and just as completely and
just as fully as any other species of property
known to any law of any Stateof this Union;and
I have no disposition to deny to that species of
property any protection which any other specics
of property has afforded to it; but the difference
between the Senator and myself is simply this: he
snpposes that there is a present actual necessity
for such legislation; I have not seen that present
necessity.
Mr. BROWN. I havealready shown that Kan-
sas passed laws in the beginning to protect this
kind of property. I have shown you that she re-
pealed those laws and substituted notliingin then-
stead. I nowgo further, and show you that in dero-
gation of the authority of Congress, and in viola-
tion of its laws, the people of that Territory have
assembled through their delegates in convention,
and made an anti-slavery constitution, thus set-
ting theauthority of Congress at defiancc. I then
show you that tiiey have passed a law positively
abolishing slavery m the Territory, thus setting
the authority of the Supreme Court at defiance.
I then go one step further, and show you that they
have passed, within the last few days, a personal
liberty bill, more odious m its terms than even a
similar bill passed by the Legislature of the State
of Massachusetts. 1 send the bill to the Secreta-
ry's desk, and ask him to read it.
The Secretary read, as follows:
An act to secure freedom to all persons within the Terri-
tory of Kansas.
Be it enacted by the Governor and Legislative Assembly of
the Territory of Kansas; No person vvithm this Territory
shall be considered as property, or subject,as such, to sale,
purchase, or delivery; nor shall any person, within the
limits of this Territory, at any time, be deprived of liberty
or pioperty without due process of law.
Snc. 0. Due process of law, mentioned in the preceding
section of this act, shall, iti ail eases, be defined to mean
the usual process and forms m force by thelawsof the Ter-
ritory, and issued by the courts thereof; and under such
process such persons shall be entitled to a trial by juiy.
Src. 3. Whenever any person in this Territory shall be
depuvod of liberty, anested,ordetamed on the ground that
such penon owes service or labor to another person, who
may reside either within or without this Terutory, either
parry may claim a trial byjuiy; and in such case, nil the
leg.il benefits of challenges provided lbi by law. in any case,
shall be allowed the defendant.
See. 4. Every person who shall deprive, or attempt to
depuve, any other person of his or her liberty, contrary to
the provisions of the preceding sections ot thn act, shall,
on conviction thereof, forfeit and pay a fine not exceeding
$•2,000, nor less than §500, or he imprisoned in some jail m
the Territory tor a term not exceeding 
Skc. 5. Every person who shall hold, or attempt to hold,
in this Tcrritoiy, in slavery, or as a slave, any free per-
son m any torm, or for any time, however short, under a
pretence that such person is or has been a slave, shall, on
conviction theieof, be nnpusoned m the penitentiary, or
some county jail, lor a term not less than one year, nor
more than fifteen yeaih, and be fined not exceeding .^OOO.
Sec. 6. All act«, and parts of acts, inconsistent with the
provisions of this act, aie hereby repealed.
tiEc. 7. This act shall take effect from us passage.
Mr. BROWN. Thus we sec, Mr. President,
that the Territorial Legislature of Kansas deprives
us of our rights by non-action and unfriendly ac-
tion; goes on and adopts a constitution m violation
of the authority of Congress; passes a law in dero-
gation of a decision of the Supreme Court posi-
tively prohibiting slavery;and then winds up the
whole affair witli that personal liberty bill; and
still we are asked to fold our arms and rely on the
Constitution and the common law to give us pro-
tection. Sir, the gentlemen who have so much
faith in courts, unaided by statutory laws, <ro far
ahead of the teachings of my experience. Why,
sir, 1 should as soon think of proceeding against
John Brown, to get back again into the armory at
Harper's Ferry by an action of ejectment, relying
on the court to give me a judgment of ouster, and
then sending the sheriff with his posse to turn him
out, as to rely on the courts, aided only by the
Constitution and the common law, to give me pro-
tection for my rights against such legislation as
this.
What I demand is protection—that protection
which you admit wc arc entitled to by the com-
mon Constitution. Give it to us now; do it
at once. You see what delays have produced.
You ^ee,of what right, of what*liberty, of what
privileges, we have been deprived by your non-
action heretofore. Still you ask us to wait. We
ha velost Territory after Territory beyond redemp-
tion, and all for what? Not because the soil and
climate and production were against us, but be-
cause we had no law to protect us. We waited
under these specious pleas that our rights would
not be snatched from us, until they are gone with-
out hope of recovery. We come again and ask
protection, and you tell us still to wait.
Sir, I find published in the gazettes of the'day
a series of resolutions, said, I have no reason to
doubt, correctly, to have been agreed upon in a
caucus of Democratic Senators. To the first, sec-
ond, and third, and to the sixth and seventh of
those resolution, 1 make no objection, and there-
fore shall ofFer no comment. The fourth and fifth
do not so precisely meet my approbation. The
fourth resolve is in these words;
"4. Resolved, That neither Congress nor a Territorial
Lcgislatuic, Whether by direct legislation or legislation of
an indirect and unfriendly character, possess power to an-
nul or to impair the constitutional light of any citizen ot
the United States to take his slave property into the com-
mon Teriitorics and thcie hold and enjoy the same while
the territorial condition remains."
I have only a verbal criticism to make on that
resolution. I like the word "right" better than
the word " power." 1 can see very well that a
Territorial Legislature may have the power to ac-
complish the result without doing it rightfully. I
have seen that result accomplished already; ac-
complish^ wrongfully; still it was the exercise
of power. I have no expectation, no belief, that
the word was introduced with any other than the
same purpose that I would have, if I substituted
a different word; and therefore I criticise the in-
troduction of it here in no unfriendly spirit. I
suppose it was intended to be used as synony-
mous with the word "right.'' With that alteration
in that resolution I should be satisfied. The fifth
resolution is in these words:
'■'5 Resolved, That if experience should at any time
prove that the judicial and executive authority do not pos-
sess means to insure adequate protection to constitutional
rights m a T< riiioiy, and il the territorial government should
fail or refuse to piovide the necessary remedies for that
purpose, it will be the duty of Congress to supply such de-
lieiency."
Sir, I think the duty of Congress commences
at an earlier period'than is designated in this res-
olution. I am not willing to wait for experi-
ence to demonstrate that which experience has
already demonstrated. So far as my individual
action is concerned, I base it upon my own con-
viction that experience has proved in the last
seventy years all that experience will prove for
seventy years to come. Sir, if experience has not
already shown us that protection, by direct and
immed iate legislation, is necessary for the security
of slave property in the Territories, m my opin-
ion it never will demonstrate that fact. I have
said before, and now repeat, in this connection,
that experience in every one of the slaveholdmg
States has shown that legislation is necessary m
aiding the Executive and judiciary to give pro-
tection to this kind of property. Such legislation
has been found necessary in Mississippi, ncces-
sary in Louisiana, necessary in all the slave-
holding States without a solitary exception, so
far as I am informed or believe. If experience
has shown that legislation is necessary in all the
slave States, why are we called upon to wait until
experience shall demonstrate that a like necessity
exists in a Territory? I see no reason for it. I
think experience has shown us that, unaided by
statutory law, slavery has not been protected m
Kansas; it has not been protected in any of the
Territories; but it has been driven out by the
force of public opinion in derogation of the nghts
of the master, and, as I honestly believe, in total
disregard of the guarantees of the Constitution.
" And' if the territorial government should fail or refuse
to provide the necessary remedies."
Why, sirs, have they not already failed and re-
fused ? Have I not read document after document
from Kansas, showing that they have failed and
refused? Why wait? If you are going to legis-
late actively, when it shall be shown that they
have failed and refused, then you must do it now.
They have failed; they have refused; they have
passed positive laws hostile to slavery—personal
liberty bills; bills abolishing slavery; bills repeal-
ing former laws protecting slaveryIf all this
does not prove that Kansas has failed and re-
fused, I do not know what evidence we shall
require to be convinced on that point.
Only, Mr. President, with a view to indicate
my own clear convictions on this subject, and with
no expectation that the proposition is to be re-
ceived with greater favor in the Senate than it was
received elsewhere, I give notice that when this
resolution is brought to a vote of the Senate, I
shall move this amendment:
That experience having already shown that the Consti-
tution and the common law, unaided by statutory enact-
ment, do not atf'ord adequate and sufficient protection to
slave property, some of the Territories having failed, others
having refused, to pass such enactments, it has become the
duty of Congress to interpose and pass such laws sis will
afford to slave property in the Teriitories that protection
which is given to other kinds of property.
I say that it is my purpose to propose this amend-
ment. I shall vote for it myself. If it fails, then
I shall vote for the resolution as it stands, and
chiefly because of the concluding words. When
these things shall have happened, when we get the
necessary experience, and when the Territorial
Legislature shall have been shown to fail and re-
fuse, then the resolution says "it will be the duty
of Congress to supply such deficiency." In that,
I get a recognition of the principle for which I
contend, that it is your duty to act. You refuse
to act now. That is the gravamen of my com-
plaint. You want a greater amount of evidence
to bring your minds to the conclusion than I re-
quire to bring my mind to the conclusion. I think
both the contingencies on which you base your
determination to act, to pass laws for the protec-
tion of slave property, have already happened. I
do not feel, myself, that any further experience is
necessary to demonstrate that the courts, unaided
by statutory law,cannot afford protection. I think
we have abundant evidence that the Territories,
some of them, at least, have failed and refused to
afford this protection; and, so thinking, I am pre-
pared to act now. If my friends will not be con-
vinced, I will signify my own convictions; and
then sit down quietly, and wait until their minds
are brought to the same conclusion as my own.
I hope, if we are ever to have protection, we shall
get it while it may be useful, and not have it mock-
ingly tendered after the Territories are hopelessly
lost to the South and to slavery.
Talking about protection is a very idle ceremo-
ny If we present a case demanding protection,
you ought to meet it like men. If we have no case,
say so, and let us quit talking about it. Promises
about what Congress will do years hence, when
we shall be out and others in our places, are not
worth the paper on which they arc recorded.
Apologizing, Mr. President,for havingdetained
the Senate so long, I yield the floor.
Mr. FITCH. Mr. President, some ©f the re-
marks of the Senator from Mississippi call for a
brief response from me; but I ask the indulgence of
the Senate for but a very short time, aware, as I am,
from the lateness of the hour, that members must
be extremely anxious to leave the Chamber. The
Senator spoke in complimentary terms of the sup-
posed efficacy of my professional, my medical pre-
sciiptions, but appears aveise to taking my polit-
ical prescriptions—deems them inert." I trust it
will bo many years before the Senator requires a
prescription for the benefit of his bodily health.
May he live a thousand years without a single
bodily pang. But, sir, he is badly diseased politi-
cally; and yet he will not pcrccivc the disease, or,
perceiving it, will not admit its existence. He is
like the victim of that scourge of our race in vari-
able climates, the consumption; the victim who,
even while passing away under the ravages of the
disease, flatters himself that he is exempt from it,
and fancies that his friends, whose solicitude in
lus behalf calls them daily about him, are laboring
under some strange hallucination relative to his
condition. Possibly I could convince the Sena-
tor that he is the subject, and likely to become
the victim, of a dangerous political malady. J?os-
