1950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
§56,000,000, and I believe that he has made a good
guess. From the nature of things, neither Mr.
Secretary Cobb or any other Secretary can, under
a system of ad valorem duties, come within millions
of the actual receipts. An English Chancellor
of the Exchequer would consider himselfdisgraced
if he did not come within ^500,000 of the reve-
nue, because there the duties are specific, except
I believe about <£188,000, which is the extent
of the ad valorem duties. It is the very nature
of the ad valorem duties that they are uncertain,
and they can never be estimated by any Secretary
of the Treasury, however intelligent. Therefore
it is, I say, that the present bill is of great import-
ance. It prevents fraudulent valuation. It gives
our own importers a fair chance to import goods
and to competc with the foreigner. Nearly all of
the valuations of goods imported into our coun-
try are made on both sides of the ocean by for-
eigners.
In my judgment, Mr. Morrill's bill is a great
improvement on the tariff of 1857. It is more cer-
tain. It is more definite. It gives specific duties.
There is another reason why it is better than the
tariff of 1857. That tariff is made up of complex
and inconvenient tables. The numtcrof tables
is too great; and in some cases the same article is
in two tables. Thus flaxseed comes with a duty
of ten per cent.; and yet linseed, the same thing,
yielding the same pioduct, the same oil, is ad-
mitted duty free.
Mr. HOUSTON. That was found in the tariff
of 1846 in the same way.
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot yield any further.
The bill ofMr. Morrill, on the other hand, fixes
three ad valorem tables: one at ten dcv cent., one
at twenty, and the other at thirty. Tnerc is a num-
ber of specific duties, and then there is the free
list. It conforms to our decimal currency, and the
duties under it an; easily calculated. There can
be but little dispute about home and foreign valu-
ation under it. It will yield a revenue sufficient
to pay the expenses of the Government. . It is
more simple and more certain. It substitutes spe-
cific for ad valorem duties whenever practicable.
For these reasons, it is obvious Mr. Morrill's
bill ought to receive the sanction of law.
I might rest with the reasons already assigned,
but there is another reason why I desire to have
this bill passed, and that is, because it is framed
upon the idea that it is the duty of the Govern-
ment, in imposing taxes, to do as little injury to
the industry of the country as possible; that they
arc to be levied so as lo extend a reasonable pro-
tection to jill branches of American industry. I
think that is right. Every President of the Uni-
ted States, from Washington to this time, has
recognized that principle, including Mr. Buch-
anan. i admit that, as a general rule, duties op-
erate, to a greater or less degree, as a tax upon
the people; and when the duty is levied upon arti-
cles we cannot produce, the people have, directly
or indirectly, to paj that tax. But, sir, in levy-
ing that tax, you may so assess it as to make it
oppressive. 1 may make a tariff to raise the sum
of $40,000,000, and injure every industrial in-
terest of the country. The Committee of Ways
and Means report a tariff which will produce
$65,000,000, and will do no injury to any indus-
trial interest. 1 believe that it will give a reason-
able fair protection for the great interests of agri-
culture, manufacture, and commerce, which lie
at the basis of the prosperity of this country.
Mr. MfLLSON. The geutk lman has stated
that the Secretary of the Treasury hax made only
one good guess out of three. The Secretin y'a
estimate was $50,000,000, and the actual receipts
were $49,500,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman himself falls
into error. The estimate of the Secretary of the
Treasury was §09,500,000. After the fiscal year
had accrued from July to December, and one
quarter's receipts \yere known, lie corrected the
estimate, and made it §50,000,000.
Mr. Chairman, there is no reason why this bill
should be considered a party measure. It is not,
and it should not be so considered. The present
tariff, from the circumstances attending its pas-
sage, cannot fairly be charged to any party ex-
clusively. It is based upon a state of facts that
in six months passed away. At that time—March
3, 1857—most vacant lots in Iowa were worth
about gl,000 each. If a man inquired about the
lot, the owner would raise the piice to $1>500, and
if two men inquired about it, he would raise it to
|5,000. At that time everything was inflated,
North, South, East, and West.
In six months the bubble burst. In 1857, when
the tariff law was passed, it was believed it would
produce a revenue sufficient for the Government.
The average duty which has been realized upon
all articles, including the free list, is fourteen and
four tenths per cent., while the gentlemen who
passed the act believed that the average duty would
be about twenty per cent.; so that it turned out
that the average duty paid didnotamountto three
fourths of what was expected. That tariff then
turned out to be a mistake, involving us in a debt
of §50,000,000 or $60,000,000. And yet the Sec-
retary of the Treasury and gentlemen on the other
side of the House do not seem to be willing that
a sufficient amount of money shall bo raised for
Government purposes by wise and well-considered
legislation. It is strange that an Administration
that has run the Government into debtat the rate
of §17,000,000 a year should resist an increase of
revenue, at least to the extent of meeting the ex-
penses of the Government. It will go out on the
4th of March next, having loaded down their suc-
cessors with a debtof $50,000,000 or $60,000,000,
without passing a single law in the interest of the
people; without providingrevenue to meetthe ex-
penses of the Government, and with a general
load of discredit, almost, if not entirely, without
precedent in our history.
Public Lands—1859.
Jlcrcs. Receipts.
Cash sales atminimum price.., 511,-177.66 §722,477 48
" at graduated puces.. 3,450,103.54 905,739 00
8,961,581.20 $1,628,187 13
Located by bounty land war-
rants  2.941,700.00
Swamplands to States  1^530,906.76
Grant of land to States lor rail-
road purposes 5,106,015.00
13,540,262.96
Expenditures.
Secretary to sign land patents  $1,500 00
General Land Office, salaries arid contingent
expenses  
Offices surveyor* genetal, salaries and con-
tingent expenses .'  137,105 61
District land oilices, &c., salaries and other
expense*   
Survey* of the public lamh, and preparing
imfinMic.'i reeoids of public and private
suiveys, to be transferred to the State au-
thorities 
300,U3o 62
328,447 00
540,769 23
$1,310,758 47
£ r-
3 |
>>
< <
o o
v> w
o £
c o
ac o
o 02
*5
.1
The import^ paying duties
produced in the year 1658,
The imports paying duties
produced in the year 1859,
In order to produce a rcv~
cnue for 1860, as estimated
by the Secretary of the
Treasury     
It will require of.,, 
And for the year 1861 
cu Ct O .U olS
© O o* CO © Oi
O O oa
O O <o ©  —
"© 1 ~o "©"io
© © O -I O
O O 90 O to
© O ©JO OH
O O CH oo
—t- r —e *
lievenue from
imports.
&
CO tO K> ti<
>— CO t't ©
ii i i
Import? pay-
ing duties.
£5 a s
¥8 2 1
¥1 i "3
Imports free
j of duty.
II 1 1
II - s
Ii § g
w
.2-
NOTE A.
Extract from, speech of Earl Grey, in the British House of
Lords, April 19, 1860.
" Before leaving the subject of America, there is another
point which I really must mention. I stated to your lord-
ships that the President, with the most pidiseworthy spirit,
had written a letter to caution the country against the ex-
treme extravagance which in modem times has prevailed;
but I am sorry to say the President is altogether unable to
resist the current, because there has been an inquiry into the
state of the Navy of the United States, and the result of
that inquiry has been the publication of a mass of docu-
ments which I am sure no man can read without the great-
est astonishment. Contracts are proved to have been habit*
ually and avowedly made to promote, not the interest of the
public, but of the individual. A physician is shown to have
been appointed to be agent for the purchase of coal, who
knew nothing about coal, who never did anything in the
purchase of coal but signing the certificates bi ought to him,
and who received the appointment in order to sliaie with
others the profits of the contract. More than this. Wo have
letters addressed to the highest officers of the Government,
calling on them to grant contracts to paiticular individuals
for electioneering purposes. One letter 13 addressed to Mr.
Buchanan himself, uiging him iu the strongest manner to
have the contract for the machinery of a steam sloop as
signed to a particular house in Philadelphia with a view to
the election. There U no disguise. It is put openly that it
is of nnpoitance, in the then state ot the election, that the
contract should be given to this particular house. I appeal
to your lordships whether, if a letter were addressed to the
Fust Lord of the Admiralty, making a demand of that kind,
and it were proved that he had listened to it for a moment,
he would not, by the universal indignation of all parties in
Parliament, and out of it, be driven from the councils of the
Slate. (Cheers.) But the letter to which I have referred
boie this indorsement: 'The inclosed letterfiom Colonel
Pattetson, of Philadelphia, is submitted to the attention
of the Secretary of the Navy.—J. 1J.? (Laughter.) Such
corruption produces its natural effects upon every interest
of the country, and above all, upon the administration of
justice. Your lord&hips are all aware that not many years
ago the decisions ofthe Supreme Court of the United States
weie regarded with the gieatest respect, not only there, but
in tins country. The judges were enlightened, honest,
honorable men. and their dicta were often quoted in our
own courts. How has this state of things altered! Under
the system which has arisen m America,' by which appoint-
ments to the Supreme Court have been u«>ed foi pa pui-
poses, that court has lost its high character. It in <nger
commands the respect which it did formerly, and sonic ot
the decisions which have been pronounced have excited
the disgust of all high-minded men in America. (Ilear,
hear.")
Mr. SCHWARTZ. Mr. Chairman, duringthe
four months of this session already passed I have,
together with the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Haskin] and my colleague from the sixth
congressional district, [Mr. Hickman,] been con-
stantly assailed by the Constitution, the official
organ of Mr. Buchanan. The gentleman from
JNow York and my colleague have successfully
defended themselves against its attacks; and it is
now my purpose, before speaking on the subject
of the tariff, to say a word or two of this journal,
which, as is proved before committees of this
House, is not sustained by the public patronage,
but fed with public plunder from the Treasury of
the United States, and that, too, at the suggestion
of the Federal Executive, in order that it may de-
fend his usurpations of power, his rank tyran-
nies, and strike down and attempt to degrade all
those who dare pursue a course of honorable in-
dependence and consistency in favor of the people's
rights and the people's interests.
I come here, sir, the Representative of Berks,
county; a county that, for a long series of years,
has given a larger majority for the Democratic
party and Democratic principles than any other
county in Pennsylvania. In common with the
Feople I have the honor to represent upon this floor,
admire the political virtues, the manly honesty,
and the unwavering courage of Andrew Jackson.
I more than admire, I revere, the immaculate
purity of that statesman's character. The Dem-
ocratic party, which he adorned by his bold and
steady adherence to the principles which it pro-
claimed, has never long tolerated a treachery to
the people, and it never will. Let corruption creep
into its vitals; let it uphold the men who betray
their trust; let it be false to its ancient traditions
of sound government and strict accountability of
public officers, and the day of its strength ia de-
parted and the reign of its power is over.
Now, sir, while I am-the exponent of a large
JcfFersonian Democratic constituency, as I have
stated, still, in nothing do I more thoroughly rep-
resent my district than in decided and uncom-
promising hostility to the treacheries to principle,
the corruptions in office, and the generally infa-
mous career of the present general administration
of James Buchanan. Be assured, sir, if the De-
mocracy of Pennsylvania warmly pressed the
nomination of Mr. Buchanan upon the Cincinnati
