1008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6.
gest this: let us meet to-morrow at twelve, if they
desire it  ,
Mr. PITCH. Very well. I will withdraw the
latter part of the motion. <
Mr. MASON. And let Senators who desire to
go on this excursion, go; but do not make it mat-
ter of formal entry that we adjourn to go with
the ladies to Mount Vernon or anywhere else.
Mr. FITCH. I do not know that we could
have "better company.
Mr. GWIN. The motion, I understand, is to
meet at twelve o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to amend that by
saying twelve o'clock to-morrow, and each day
hereafter.
Mr. DAVIS. There is a great deal of commit-
tee work to be done. I am serving on four .com-
mittees. I do not know whether others are quite
so inconveniently circumstanced as I am; but I
find the hour from twelve to one more profitably
employed in the committee rooms than I believe
it to be in the Senate; and I think we had better
continue to meet at one o'clock, at least until we
get all the business out of the committee rooms
and before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER?* The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Wis-
consin to make twelve o'clock the rule hereafter.
Mr. BRIGHT. I must confirm what has been
so well said by my friend from Mississippi. I
hope we shall not change the hour.
Mr. FITCH. My proposition only embraces
one day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On that subject, it seems
to me that, at this stage of the session, we ought
to meet as early as twelve o'clock in the day.
When it gets to be about four o'clock, there is
"a very great uneasiness, and gentlemen begin to
•leave the Senate one after another. If we meet at
an earlier hour, I think we shall accomplish more
business in the Senate; and, although 1 know that
the committees are busy, still the committees can
meet at the hour of ten o'clock, instead of meet-
ing at the hour of eleven.
Mr. HALE. I hope this amendment will not
be adopted. For one, I confess that my opinion
concurs with that of the Senator from Missis-
sippi and the Senator from Indiana. 1 think we
can do a great deal better by meeting at one
o'clock than at twelve. I have found it so. I beg
my friends on this side of the House, when they
see so much good sense on the other, not to go
and act like fools. [Laughter.]
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask for the yeas and
nays on my amendment. ["Oh, no !"]
Mr. WIGFALL. 1 hope the Senator will with-
draw that. We have something to do.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask for the yeas and
nays. I wish to take the sense of the Senate on
this question.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the original motion of the Senator from
Indiana, that the Senate meet to-morrow at twelve
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
I-Iouse had at twelve o'clock this day ordered the
printing of the following documents:
Letter of the Secretary of the Navy, transmit-
ting statement showing the pay and allowances to
the officers of the Navy and marine corps, for the
year ending June 30, 1859;
Letter of the Secretary of the Navy, transmit-
ting copies of the Navy Register for the current
year.
Also, that the House had passed the following
bills and resolution, in which the concurrence of i
the Senate was requested:
An act (No. 19) to amend an act entitled "An
act to regulate the carriage of passengers in steam-
ships and other vessels," approved March 3,
1855, for the better protection of female passen-
gers, and for other purposes.
An act (No. 279) providing for satisfying claims
for bounty lands, and for other purposes.
A joint resolution (No. 11) providing for the
manner of expending the balance of appropria-
tion for repairing the works and piers, in order to
preserve and secure the light-house at Chicago,
Illinois.
Also that the House had passed Senate bill
(No. 217) for the relief of William B. Herrick.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. GWIN. I now move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill making ap-
propriations for the West Point Academy. I
hope it will be taken up.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would inquire if it is
the intention of the Senator, in calling up that bill,
that we shall proceed to the discussion of the
matter to-night?
Mr. GWIN. My own desire is, to leave it as
the unfinished business for to-morrow.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it is proposed merely
to call it up and leave it the unfinished business
for to-morrow, I have no objection.
Mr. WIGFALL. I want it proceeded with to-
night. I desire to have it disposed of.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I object to taking
it up, because it is manifestly improper to call up
at this hour of the afternoon, for the purpose of
proceeding with it, a bill on which there is to be
so much debate, after so many gentlemen have
left the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON,of Arkansas. Allow me for one
moment to make a suggestion to the Senator from
Maine. I have had no conference about this mat-
ter with the Senator from Texas, but I am very
certain that if the Senatorfrom Maine, who makes
this objection, would listen to the details, horri-
ble in their character, from the frontier of Texas,
he would not hesitate for one moment to consider
this bill and either pass it or reject it, so as to let
that people know what to expect and what to do.
I have listened to these details from a source in
which I have confidence. I have heard them from
a gentleman with whom I have been intimate,
and whom I have known well, who was formerly
an officer of the United States Army, and who
resigned his position and settled in Texas—a mail
of the highest character. What he has told me
shows the condition of things on that frontier to
be not only lamentable but horrible.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And to this moment,
notwithstanding the debate the other day, we do
not get a communication on the subject from the
Executive—not a particle of information.
Mr. MASON. The Senator is mistaken. It
is on the table.
Mr. FESSENDEN. When did it come?
Mr. MASON. It came to-day.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I believe I have
the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine is entitled to the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If the Senator
from Maine will allow me further, I will state that
the position in which the Executive stands was
depicted the other day at considerable length, and
all the tests that the Senator could put to the Ad-
ministration were then applied. He certainly put
them then, and if the bill is now taken up he may
put them more forcibly to-day than he aid then.
If that be so, the question must address itself to
him whether he will take any step to grant relief
unless the President of the United States can be by
him forced to come before the Senate with a com-
munication on the subject. These people ask re-
lief, and I think we ought, at least, to consider
their case and pass upon it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President 
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senators from Maine and
Arkansas will allow me, I will merely state that
sines the time this subject was last before the
Senate, a communication has been made by the
Secretary of War upon it, which is in the room
of the Committee on Military Affairs now, and
can be sent for. It was in answer to a bill which
was sent by the Committee on Military Affairs
sometime ago to the War Department, and bears
on the matter under consideration, on which the
two Senators are discussing.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I understand
the communication has been sent for to the com-
mittee room, and I presume no Senator will ob-
ject to the reading of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Biglek.)
The communication is before the Chair.
Mr. WADE. I had the floor for to-morrow
on the resolution that has been under consideration
to-day. I consented that it might be taken up
to-day to accommodate the Senator from Missis-
sippi; but it was understood, I believe, all'around,
that I should have the floor to-morrow morning.
Mr. WIGFALL. I so understood it.
Mr. WADE. If it was so understood, unless
there is some business that is very pressing, I
should like to have the floor to-morrow morning-.
[" Certainly."]
Mr. GWIN. In that condition of things, I
appeal to the-Senator from Maine to let vis take
up this appropriation bill which is so pressing, on
account of the situation of affairs in Texas, and
let the Senator from Ohio have the'floor to-mor-
row, as he is evidently prepared to speak, and it
is inconvenient to a Senator, under such circum-
stances to postpone him. I am willing to present
this question in the most favorable form. We
have now the communication from the War De-
partment that the Senator fi'om Maine, as well as
myself, has been waiting for. I hope we shall
take it up. We have now time, I think, to act on
this bill.
Mr. MASON. I would suggest that the Sen-
ate is very full, that it is two hours at least, if not
more, till the sun spts, and this is an imminent
matter, as shown by the papers on the table, as
well as by the very proper urgency of the Sen-
ator from Texas. I hope the bill will be taken
up, and at any rate, a vote reached on the prop-
osition of the Senator from Texas.
Mr. FESSENDEN. When I commenced my
address to the Chair, I was not aware that there
was anything at all on the table upon the subject.
I had not heard that there was any communica-
tion from the President or Secretary of War; I
knew nothing about it. What I objected to was
that the bill should be called up at this hour of
the day, as we were about adjourning, without
any previous notice, when many Senators had left
the Chamber, for the purpose of going on with
it, and taking a vote upon it. It had a very unfair
appearance to me. It is well known, from the
vote taken the other day, that, in the shape in
which the measure then presented itself, the Sen-
ators on this side o£ the Chamber were opposed to
it decidedly; and it looked very strange to me that
at half past four o'clock in the afternoon a matter
which had excited so much debate, and which had
gone on the table by common consent to await
communications from the Executive, and to await
a report from the Committee on Military Affairs,
to which it had been referred, should be called
up in this way. If Senators say that we have all
the information from the Departments which was
sought for, and an Executive recommendation on
the subject, I, of course, shall not object to the
bill being taken up; but I will say to Senators that
I think the fairer course would be, under such cir-
cumstances, when the Senate is divided upon a
question of this kind, and is well known and un-
derstood to be so divided, to give notice in the
morning that you intend to call up the bill at half
past four or five o'clock in the afternoon, and that
you mean to call it up for action.
Mr. GWIN. I gave the notice this morning.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Nothing in reference to
action.
Mr. GWIN. I did; and I knew that these
papers wore here when I gave the notice.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My understanding—and
it was certainly so regarded on this side of the
Chamber—was, that the only motive which the
Senator from California had in calling up the bill
this morning, was to do what he said was to right
a wrong that had been done the other day, and
that was simply to restore the bill to the table.
Mr. GWlN. No, sir; to bring it up for con-
sideration. I proposed to put it in such a condi-
tion then, that we could call it up this evening.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator says he gave
the notice. Certainly I did not hear it.
Mr. GWIN. Certainly I did give it, because
the papers were here, and I knew that we could
consider them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The papers have not been
printed.
Mr. GWIN. They are in the hands of the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then" you are going to
act contrary to all custom; because, when com-
munications of this kind are Wade from the Exec-
utive, they are always printed, so that the Senate
may see what they are
