mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
May 7.
- Stability and permanency in the tariff law are
the first arid "most essential requisites to a healthy
state of the iron traded The manufacturers pre-
fer the, lower duties which will enable them to
prosecute their business, provided the duties be
permanent'. This can be effected only by the im-
position of specific duties.
Mr. Chairman, it has been repeatedly asserted
tfiat the iron manufacture of England was estab-
lished under a system of free trade, and it has
been argued that a similar system should be
adopted in the United States. This assertion, it
is believed, has not been met in this country by
detailed statement of facts. I am of the opinion
that I can satisfy any one, by stating that,while the
English iron manufacture was in rather an infant
state, the Government gave if a very high protec-
tion, and continued that high protection until the
manufacture arrived at such a stage of maturity
as to be able to maintain itself against foreign
competition. The most striking comparison be-
tween the legislation of England and the legisla-
tion of the United States is the steady protection
given by England to her lion manufacture, and
her encouragement of confidence on the part of
f capitalists and men of enterprise. Our manufac-
ture, instead of being steady and regular, as it
should be, is converted into a species of adven-
ture, and is looked upon by capitalists as more
hazardous than any shipping or commercial spec-
ulation. In any particular enterprise of commerce,
even if there should be a loss, there remains a
balance in cash; but it is not so with the manu-
facture of iron. To make iron, theie must be in-
vestments in buildings and machine)y, requning
a capital greater than many of our merchantnem-
ploy in their whole business. Those investments
by iron-masters arc no sooner made, than several
hundred families gather round the woi ks, and look
to them entirely for their support. Then the law
is changed, or, what is almost as bad in its effects
to all the parties concerned, a change is talked of.
Buyers reduce their ordeis; makers are obliged
to dismiss their workmen and prepare for the
threatened storm. Their credit is injuied, from
the' fact of having so large a capital invested in
their works, which, when standing idle, can be
regarded as only so much money sunk or lost, as
it pays no interest and cannot be disposed of.
We have heard much, Mr. Chairman, of the
necessity of keeping up the national armories of
the United States, m order thai the expert work-
men there collected shall not be dispersed. We are
told that, if they were dispersed, when occasion
for their services returned, men like them, in ex-
perience, skill, nnd efficiency, could not again be
employed for along series of years. 1 admit the
force of the logic; and f ask, for the same reason,
that the great iron interest shall not be neglected.
There is no branch of manufactures that relies
more for uneconomical and profitable prosecution
on the division of labor, anu the consequent skill
of the workmen, than that of iron. Every man
or boy employed in the rolling mill, or other
works, bus ins peculiar duty, and must have more
or less tuition or training before he is capable of
performing it. The iron passes through all of
their hands before it is finished. The awkward-
ness or ignorance of one of them will frequently
destroy the product of the labor of twenty men,
and entail the loss of all that, labor upon the man-
ufacturer. No kind of manufactured goods can
command a sale unless they are of a uniform qual-
ity. Even if that quality be inferior, it must be
uniform. This can only be obtained by expe-
rience and care in the management, and skill and
constant practice in the workmen; by their being
accustomed to the materials which they are using,
as well as to work with and for each other. With
these advantages of drill and practice, we can pro-
duce iron cheaper every year, even if we pay the
same price for labor and material; but these ad-
vantages we are not permitted to enjoy. Our
works are stopped, our men scattered to every
quarter of the country; and then follows a long
period of inaction, and conscquentdistress among
the families connected with the works. In the
mean time the alleviation of these evils is embar-
rassed, and the relation of the employer and em-
ployed is embittered by the declarations of inter-
ested persons, who affirm that the cessation of
employment is the result of combination for polit-
ical effect. The employers are denounced as
tyrants; our men are stigmatized as slaves, and
their worst passions are appealed to. Ingenuity
is exhausted in the effort to show that the manu-
facturers of iron—a class composed of men of all
shades of political and religious opinions, and the
larger portions of whom have never seen each
other—have obstinately combined together for the
purpose of sacrificing present profits to the hope
of extorting greater ones from the Government;
and that they are using miseries, needlessly occa-
sioned by them, to strengthen their appeals for
public aid. If it could be asked of them seriously
to reply to such assertions, it would be enough to
point to the" manufacturers who have become
bankrupt within the several periods of the interrup-
tions in the iron business. Upon a resumption,
there is a scarcity of skillful men, and a conse-
quent advance in their wages to onerous and un-
just rates, beyond the ability of the manufacturer
to'pay. A whole year, at least, is consumed in
arriving at the same degree of economy and per-
fection in the manufacture as had been obtained
before the suspension of operations. The con-
stant and regular running of their works is a prin-
cipal cause of the perfection and cheapness attained
by the English manufacturers; and one the result
of which we might enjoy to a greater extent than
they; for our workmen are more intelligent than
theirs, and, therefore, susceptible of greater im-
provement. It is also the principal reason why
they prefer to run at a loss rather than stop. They
have the requisite capital, and money they can get
at low i\Hes. Ours have not, and must stop or
be ruined; and they naturally choose the lesser
evil. It is against this evil that our manufacturers
ask the protection of Government.
The piogte.s.sof our iron makers and others,
from 1824 to 1844, (only a few years of interrup-
tion excepted,) not only in the manufactute of
iron, but also hardware and other articles made
of iron, (m which the skill and ingenuity of our
workmen can be brought in competition with
those of English workmen, without the enormous
difference m capital being so much felt,) until it
was arrested by an ad valorem tariff, was without a
parallel in any branch of manufactures in this coun-
try. The American production of iron reached a
quantity equal to that of England twenty-five yeais
ago. In 1835 the English m.inufactme amount-
ed to eight hundred thousand tons; and with the
advantage of steadiness in the tariff, if one half
the amount of protection extended to the English
manufacturer were extended to our iron men, I
am clearly of the opinion that in less time than
sesen years, in addition to supplying the entire
home market, we would have iron to export.
The English specific duty charged upon the im-
portation of iron has been as follows: in 1803 it
was about $23 per ton; in 1804, $24 25 per ton;
1805, $95 25 per ton; 1806, $26 25 per ton; and
then it went steadily up to 1809, when it was
$29 40 per ton. It remained at that rate until
1813, when the Russians and Swedes were pour-
ing iron into England, and the rate was then in-
creased to $32 a ton. In 1819 iron, if imported
in English vessels, paid a duty of $32 per ton; if
in foreign vessels, §40 25 per ton. Iron slit or
hammered into iods, iion diawn, or hammered
less than three quarters of an inch square, here-
tofore prohibited, paid a duty of $100 per ton.
Kinds not enumerated, but which were before
prohibited, paid a duty of fifty per cent. Hoops,
before charged $57, paid a duty of $118 75. From
these figures members can judge how England
has protected her iron manufactute; and, with
reference to the bill now before the committee, it
will be seen that the British always imported the
largest amount of goods under specific duties.
The necessity of securing the home market to
the home producer may be thus stated: a man-
ufacturer hasobserved thathiscountry,for a long
period, has been supplied with a certain article at
a range of prices at which he thinks he could fur-
nish it. He consults the consume! s of the article,
and they encourage him to goon,agreeing to give
him the preference. He makes a large outlay, and
begins his work. His goods go off freely, and lie
has the market. The foreign article must now be
withdrawn, or reduced in price. It cannot be with-
drawn, for there is r.o other market, and the price
is reduced. The home producerts now receiving
his first lesson, and he must reduce his rates also
at the first stage of his operations; the foreigner
only after a long period of success. It becojnes
now a struggle for existence; and the foreigner,
having the accumulated wealth of a long career,
determines to extinguish his young rival, and
again reduces the price. The home producer ap-
plies to the Government for protection; and though
the whole array of free-trade arguments is brought
to bear against the application, it prevails, and a
specific duty is laid, which gives the producer a
price at which he can maintain his production in
full vigor. The foreigner, still determined to con-
quer the market, reduces his price according to
the duty, or, in other words, pays the duty, and
again enters the lists. At this stage of the strug-
gle, the whole quiver of free-trade weapons is let
loose upon the monopolist, who is charged with
receiving a premium to the whole amount of the
duty to sustain a manufacture that ought never
to have been started. The absurdity of not buy-
ingaltogetberin this cheap foreign market strikes
the philosophers of the closet so strangely that
they cannot express their surprise at the dull in-
tellect of mere men of business. To resume: the
home producer is again forced to ask further pro-
tection, and to say that his business must perish
if he does not obtain it. Again common sense
prevails over theory; a heavier duty is laid and
his business revives, though suffering severely
from these interruptions, and by no means in the
state of efficiency in which it would have been but
for their influence. If it be supposed that the for-
eigner is unable to continue the struggle unaided,
he applies next to his Government for the re-
moval of certain taxes, charges, and duties, which
bear upon his products, for the avowed object of
enabling him to retain the foreign market, of
which he may otherwise be deprived.
Thus may a struggle be carried on for many
years, to the serious injury of both parties, per-
haps to their ruin. The operatives engaged in
the home product, thus injured, must suffer se-
verely, while the advocates of free trade cry out,
u let them fight it out;" and the merchants,also,
who are the real purchasers, find their interests
greatly promoted by the contest, as the lion's
share falls to them. It is thus, too, that the cheap-
ness of a foreign market, which makes it the very
climax of free-trade arguments, is caused by want
of demand for its goods. That want of demand
arises from home production, which deprives the
cheap market of its customers. The more the
foreign market is thus cheapened by home pro-
j duction, the more the necessity is increased toaf-
I ford protection to that market, on which the home
production is mainly dependent. Individual mer-
chants and consumers arc ahvays prompt enough
to avail themselves of a cheap market when it
offers; but nations should never commit their
people to the absurdity of relying on any market
because it is cheap. The policy of a nation can-
not be changed with the productions of a market;
but it is the business of individuals to watch the
market, and operate wherever advantage calls
them. The United States cannor obtain her
whole supply of iron from Great Britain in one
quarter of the year, make it at home the next, and
go abroad for it the next; nor can this be done if
the quarters be extended to years, or to periods
of five years. It is worthy of remark that, while
free-trade theorists cry out "humbug," "let us
alone," and all that sort of thing, as summing up
all the wisdom needed by Governments in the
management of trade, they stop the mouths of la-
borers, artisans, and manufacturers, as not know-
ing or not to bo trusted with their own interests.
" Who are to be let alone ?*' The merchants. These
agents, these buyers, transporters, and sellers of
tlie products of industry ask, by their friends of
the free-trade philosophy, to have the whole busi-
ness committed to them—to be let alone—while
they exert every faculty, every nerve, and all the
shrewdness, superior knowledge, and address
they possess, under the stimulus of all the selfish-
ness of human nature in the prospect of gain, for
their own benefit. But let it be noted that the
producers and the manufacturers do not cry iklet
us alone." Their cry m Europe, for the last cen-
tury and more, has been for protection; and it has
been accorded to them. Under this protection
the products of Europe have increased" at a rate
of fivefold the increase of population. But this
ht-us-alone policy is put forth only in behalf of
the foreign merchant. The merchant of the domes-
tic product unites with his special patrons; the for-
eign merchant, whoso business represents but a
tithe of the business of the country, asks to have
