1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'2809
form to them. I have only to say that, so far as
the increase of the pay of the Navy and the prin-
ciple of the bill was concerned, it met the unani-
mous and unhesitating assent of the committee.
They were unanimous in the opinion that the pay
of the Navy ought to be increased.
I say further that neither when the chairman
of the committee was authorized to report his bill
to the House, and did so report it, nor up to the
moment of his recent assertion of the fact, did I
ever hear one word about his being authorized to
move that it should be sent to the Committee of
the Whole, from which it would have had no
resurrection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest to
the gentleman that it is not proper to refer to
what may have occurred in committee.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. So far as I shall
make reference to this matter, I shall keep within
the rule.
The CHAIRMAN, The Chair does not see,
at this moment, that the gentleman is precisely in
order; but he presumes the gentleman will bring
himself within the rule before he concludes.
_ Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. The Chair is
right; and, before 1 have concluded, I presume
the Chair will see the bearing of my remarks. I
say it is news to me that any direction was indi-
cated in the Committee on Naval Affairs as to the
course this bill was to take in the House, except
such as was best calculated to insure its speedy
and certain success.
Let me say further, that the bill, as reported by
the gentleman from Maine, from the majority of
the committee, does not save more than some
thirty thousand dollars in the increased pay of
the Navy over the substitute I offered, which has
become a law.
Mr. MORSE. I think the gentleman is mis-
taken.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Well, sir, I so
make it upon an analysis of both our bills, and
such difference is not worth talking about further
in this connection. I will merely add that, in my
opinion, this House has done nothing during the
present session which has reflected so much credit
upon it as this simple act of justice (for it is noth-
ing more) to the i\avy of the United States; and
it dons not seem to me that it is worth while for
honorable gentlemen, now that it has become a
law by overwhelming majorities in both Houses
of Congress, has been approved by the President
of the United States, and has been heartily con-
curred in, as I believe, by ninety-lime out of every
hundred liberal and fair-minded men in the coun-
try—I say I do not think it is worth while for
fentlemen now to cast their Parthian darts at the
ill as they seek to retreat from the responsibility
of their own act.
Mr. SHERMAN". It is now near the time
fixed by (he House for a l ecess. I move that the
committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will say to
the gentleman from Ohio, that the House having
adopted an order to take a recess at half past four,
it is not necessary for the committee to rise; and
that hour having arrived, the Chair declares that
the committee has taken a recess until seven
o'clock.  
EVENING SESSION.
The committee reassembled at seven o'clock,
p. m.
Mr. FENTON. I desire to state, as a matter of
personal explanation, that I find myself reported
as voting against the amendment to the bill which
passed the House some days ago, to increase the
pay of the Navy, and as voting in favor of the bill.
I, in fact, voted both against the bill and amend-
ment. I intended to have stated the fact as soon
as my attention was called to it, but I have not
had an opportunity before.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the committee pro-
eeeds to the business regularly before it, I desire
| to say that my colleague, Mr. Blake, desires to
! submit some remarks upon a general subject of
debate; and as he can have no opportunity with-
j out interfering with the public business, I ask that
he may have leave to print his remarks in the pro-
- ceedings of the House. I am also requested to
f ask the same privilege for Mr. Kellogc, of Mich-
igan, and Mr. Beale.
e - Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, I
* will state that, some two or three weeks ago, my
t
colleague [Mr. Washburne] gave notice that he
would address the House upon the subject of
certain newspaper charges preferred against the
Republican candidate for President. I find in the
Congressional Globe, published a day or two ago,
a speech purporting to have been made by him
having reference to that subject. Either myself
or one of my colleagues desires to answer that
speech; and, with the understanding that one of
us shall have that opportunity at some time in
the course of the present week, I will not object
to these gentlemen having leave to print. Other-
wise, I shall object. I am willing to take any
time during the week that shall best suit the con-
venience of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from Illinois will have that leave.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair hears no ob-
jection to granting leave to the gentlemen named
to print their remarks.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. And I hope
it will be understood, also, that any of my col-
leagues shall have the same opportunity.
Mr. McQUEEN. If I understand that it is
proposed to print speeches which have not been
delivered, I object, and will endeavor to prevent
the practice as far as I have the power. Speeches
are printed here which are slanders upon our peo-
ple, to which there is no opportunity of replying.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no objection, asl
understand, so far as the three gentlemen I have
named are concerned.
Mr. McQUEEN. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will say to the
gentleman from South Carolina that he put the
question to the committee, and heard no objection.
The gentleman from South Carolina did subse-
quently object, but the Chair thinks it came too late.
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. I have no objec-
tion,provided the speeches come within the limits
of what could be spoken in one hour. We have
had instances in which gentlemen have printed
speeches in the Globe to the extent of three or
four times what could be spoken within one hour.
Mr. GAPtNETT. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that the committee have no power to grant
permission to print speeches. I think that the
House alone has the right to grant that privilege.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
the committee has given its consent, and he will
express no opinion as to the power.
Mr. GARNETT. I will respectfully submit
to the Chair that when I make a point of order,
it is his duty to decide it. I have raised the ques-
tion of order that this committee has no right to
grant permission to print speeches.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair regrets that
he did not make his decision clear and intelligi-
ble. The Chair did decide the question of order
against the gentleman.
[The speeches of Messrs. Blake, Kellogg of
Michigan, and Beale, will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr. MORSE. I desire to ask the same priv-
ilege. I have been trying to speak, not upon
party questions, but upon abuses in the navy-
yards.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is closed upon the
amendment; and the gentleman from Ohio moves
that the committee do now rise.
Mr. MORSE. I thought I had the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate was exhausted
upon this amendment before the committee took
a recess. The question is now upon the motion
that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Washburne,
of Illinois, having taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempore, Mr. Kei.logg, of Illinois, reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the state of
the Onion generally under consideration, and es-
pecially a bill of the House. (No, 500) making
appropriations for the naval service for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1861, and had come to
no conclusion thereon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that all debate upon
the pending paragraph in relation to the navy-
yards, be terminated in five minutes after the com-
mittee resumes the consideration thereof.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I move to amend the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio, so that it shall
read, "that all debate upon the pending amend-
ment shall cease," &c-.
BILLS RETURNED TO THE SENATE.
Mr. COLFAX. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
to yield to me a moment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand the gentle-
man rises to a privileged matter, and I give way.
Mr. COLFAX. I rise to a matter of courtesy
to the Senate. The Senate sent us a message this
morning' requesting us to return to that body two
bills of the Senate: an act to facilitate communi-
cation between the Atlantic and Pacific States by
clectric telegraph, and an act for the relief of
John P. Brown. Such * request has never been
refused.
Mr. COBB. At this particular time, I obiect.
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds that it is a
privileged matter; and that no one objection can
defeat it.
Mr. COBB. Very well, then; I cannot help it.
The motion to return said bills was then agreed
to. ;
COMMITTEE DISCHARGED.
Mr. OTERO. I move that the Committee on
Pensions be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the petition of Thomas Baca y Pino,
in order that it be referred to the Commissioner
of Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. la order to accommodate
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Humphrey]
and others, I modify my motion to ciose debate,
by making the lime fifteen minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The Hous& accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
(Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois, in the chair) and re-
sumed the consideration of the naval appropria-
tion bill: the question bumg on the pending amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Morse.]
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I offer the following
amendment, to come in after line one hundred and
four:
For the construction of a sewer upon Flushing avenue
to VandeibiJt avenue, fhencc through the United States
grounds to ihc Wallabout water, $30.000: Provided, That
the city of ISioolclyn shajj pay one half the cost of the sewer
on Flushing avenue.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I raise a
point of order. That is independent legislation,
and is ingrafting a new law upon an appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. HUMPHREY. If this amendment is not
in order, it occurs to me that no part of the bill
is in order. This is an additional appropriation
to a section applicable to the New York navy-
yard. If it shall be ruled by the Chair that the
application of the appropriation is new legislation,
then, of course, no amendmentcan ever be made
to an appropriation bill, except to increase an ap-
propriation which is to be applied to purposes
stated in the bill itself.
The CHA IRMAN. The Chair would respect-
fully submit to the gentleman that he docs not
see how the amendment is germane to this bill,
from the character of the amendment, as indicated
by the gentleman.
Mr. HUMPHREY. This amendment is taken
from a provision made in a bill m 1857, in pre-
cis lv the same language, where an appropriation
was "made for the same purpose to the New York
navy-yard. An appropriation is made ill this
bill "for the New York navy-yard, and now I seek
to introduce into this bill the same provision that
was introduced into that.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I can, per-
haps, explain to the gentleman how that provision
! might have got in that bill of 1857, and yet not
! have been in order in this House. Perhaps no
question of order was raised upon it here. But
the probability is, that the amendment was put
upon the bill in the Senate, where they have dif-
ferent rules of order from what we have here.
Mr. HUMPHREY. If there were an amend-
ment offered to this bill, providing that $60,000
should be appropriated to build a new .ship-house,
would the Chair rule it out of order?
