1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1955
there can be a large importation that escapcs any
duty. Where the articles, therefore, under a par-
ticular designation, do not vary materially in qual-
ity, a specific duty is the best even for revenue
purposes; for it is the same when the article is
high as when it is low, and the Government needs
the same amount of revenue in the one case as in
the other. Its wants vary not with the fluctua-
tions of prices of merchandise in the markets of
the world; and were it not for difference of quality
and value in many of the same classes of articles,
a specific duty would be preferable in all cases.
But where the article differs materially in value,
the same duty per yard or per pouna would be
unjust to the consumer, for the coarser article
would pay the same as the finer. Therefore it is
necessary on cloths, and some other articles, to
have ad valorem duties. This bill combines both,
and the specifics are all on the basis of taking the
appraised value of the article for a series of years
and ascertaining the duty on it at thiity per cent,
and making that the specific duty for this tariff; so
the scale of duties is not higher than it was in the
1846 tariff. And with the same importations as
then, it requires as high if not a higher scale of
duties to raise the necessary revenue for the
wants of the Government. While by this means
a larger amount of revenue will be raised on the
same importation, it will^pot increase taxation
upon the people for a series of years, as will be
seen by the following table, comparing the ad
valorem and specific duties on the three lending
kinds of iron: [See table in next column.]
By this arrangement of duties no injustice is done
to the tax payer, while conferring a great benefit
on the manufacturer; for at the times of greatest
depression of business under an ad volnrcm duty
he has least protection, and in times of inflation
of prices, when he needs none, he has most.
While collecting the revenue necessary for the
support of the Government, a wise statesmanship
would give to the industrial interests of the coun-
try all the advantages that could be justly fur-
nished them under it. Justice to the tax payer
requires that the highest scale of duties should be
imposed upon those articles regarded as luxuries,
and the lowest upon the necessary and indispens-
able articles of life; and in doing this, justice to
the labor of the country requires a discrimination
in favor of the products of our own country, and
especially of those in which we possess natural
advantages. It is in this way only that we can
guard our industry against the unjust competition
of capital and experience, fostered for ages by
countervailing duties and legislative restrictions.
Any tariff, to'be most efficient as a revenue meas-
ure, and to be just to all the great interests of the
country, should be composed, therefore, of spe-
cific and ad valorem duties. Such is the bill under
consideration; combining specifics and ad valorrms
in such way as to increase the revenues on the ;
same importation over that of the tariff of 1857,
and securing the Government to a greater extent j
against fraud u\ its collection, while encouraging ;
tlie industrial interests of the country by making jj
certain, if not permanent, the advantages secured ji
to them. Mr. Chairman,! quote,from the Con- j
gressional Globe, a sentence of lemarks made by j,
me in 1855 against the proposition then pending |,
to admit railroad iron duty free: J;.
" While collecting revenue, you aic bound by c\ery con-
sideration to do ass little injury as possibly to an> and all jj
interests that liave ^rown up under the laws or on the lailh ,|
of the Government.*' !>,
Great interests have grown up in this country, j|
especially in the State which I m part represent,
under the Jaws and on the faith of the Govern- n
inent- In 1841, there was no raihoad iron manu- j1
factured in this countiy. In the year 185G, we
made 141,555tons, and imported that year 155,495
tons, and produced over one million tons of other 1|
kinds of iron. l!
We manufactured, in 1856, almost one half of
the whole amountofrailroad iron consumed in the i;
country. This branch of American industry was ]'
called into existence solely by the legislation of I
the Government in 1842. The interests of Penn-
sylvania, properly considered, are notlocal. They
are of as much concern to the nation as to her.
She asks no bounties at your hands. But in the
name of her labor, and of the industrial interests
of the country, she asks that the Government shall
dischaw^ the first and paramount duty it owes
itself—that is, to raise the necessary revenue to
defray its current expenses in time of peace, in-
stead of borrowing $20,000,000 a year, and thus
leaving the great interests of the country to lan-
[table referred to in preceding column.]
t-5 — >
c, e.w a. a,CKj c- clck
G 5
©* cT'*o ©'
< 5 v-v- .
2 2 P « !
<< << ©
Si BPS
2 =
V W r*
P ^ 05 ST
■jfSi'ss
c> _ n ^
Hn fl*5
«< r 53 ■< 5 m '< r g
o V ©- 7. ° "I* "•
3 T'< v.
Cu cr
§.
OS
s §
-J -J
Oi
&
^ 9?
iC -J
CJ o
O
OS
?Hr?r
? 3 S?
,« s" Z
s § 1
a 11
I li
i 2 i
§ a
I
a
p
guisli and (lie, while imposing upon our children
the burden of a national debt. She only asks that
great interests which have grown up under the
laws of the country shall be shielded and guarded,
so far as they can be, by judiciotis revenue laws.
Messrs. BLAIR and MA.YNARD addressed
the committee. [Their remarks will be published
in the Appendix.]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I rise, Mr
Chairman, not for the purpose of making a speech.
I am not well enough, if I were disposed to do it.
Nor do I wish to discuss the theory of free trade.
That has been done in numerous very able books
on both sides of the subject. Since the days when
Adam Smith promulgated bis abstractions—for
they were nothing more—the advantages of pro-
tection have been discussed by the ablest states-
men of this or any other country, by the great
father of the American system, whom I admire
in his system as much as the gentleman from Ten-
nessee; by Calhoun, who took the same view of
it; by Webster, and by their compears, now no
more and it has been discussed by all of us,
I suppose, in modern times, great and small,
either upon the slump or in some deliberative
body. I remember that in this Hall some years
ago I attempted to show the advantages of pro-
tection; how England had grown from nothing up
to her present greatness by our policy of protec-
tion. That argument is upon record.
Sir, the whole argument in favor of free trade
is metaphysical; the argument in favor of protec-
tion i.s practical. When compared with each other,
the former is very much like the ingenious but
useless refinements of Aristotle compared with
the useful philosophy of Bacon. Free trade, sir;
is a mere myth, existing only ill the imagination;
it never has been reduced to practice by any civ-
ilized ndtion upon the face of the earth. Protec-
tion has been the policy of all,'and no nation
ever will reduce free trade to practice until all na-
tions become of one size, until all become of one
wealth, one skill, and of one capital. A nation the
furthest adiancud beyond competition may at-
tempt to induce the foolish nations of younger
growth to adopt free trade, that they may never
overtake lier, but all her pretensions and all lier
enactments will be in favor of protection itself.
I say, sir, that England, when she repealed her
corn laws, which prohibited theintroduction of, or
ratherimposed a prohibitory duty upon, the grains
of other countries, never pursued a more protect-
ive enactment than she did then. Why? This
country had nothing with which she could com-
pete with England, her greatest rival in manu-
factures,exceptinthecheapnessoffood. In labor,
in capital, and everything else, England was far
ahead of us; but we hod the advantage of having
cheaper food—a small advantage to be sure. Eng-
land saw it, and in order that her manufacturers
should have an advantage in everything, she took
off her duty upon foreign grain; and let in foreign
grains cheaper than our own, from the Baltic, th®
continent, and from neighboring nations. Hence,
she took away the only advantage which hei great
rival had in manufactures. Was not that a pro-
j teclivc enactment? Certainly itwas;and yet one
' half of the world call it free trade. Some of our
[ own people call it free trade.
i Look, sir, to another enactment. Look at the
I export duty of England, upon coal, of one dpllar
I a ton, which has existed up to the present time,
j While she has had coal underlying her whole
! island, while she has been ^ing for her ma-
I ehinery and otherwise seventy million tons, she
I has had an export duty of one dollar upon coal,
' that it mi:rht be cheapcr at home, and that France,
her great rival, who has 110 coal, mightnotget it—
; the article which drove the wheels that do the
1 work of thousands of individuals—as cheap.. It
was imposed that England might have this ad-
; vantage over her neighbor, who was without this
fuel. "Was not that protection? Yet, sir, half the
I world do not look upon it as such, because they
i do not look into it at all. But, Mr. Chairman, I
! am in favor of the doctrine, and I believe it to be
! the true policy of every nation to take care of her
j own people, 111 preference to the people of foreign
i countries. I do not mean by making pecuniary
j contributions to the needy; but that she shall so
! model her laws as to foster and promote domestic
| industry, and give employment to all. That is the
j way to take care of a people, and not by giving
i them money.
