1012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
concentrate such a foree on the border as the means and
men at the command of the Department would authorize.
It is pertain that, whatever iflay have been the origin of
the quarrel, or who the parties to it at fir.st, it has now grown
to formidable and dangerous proportions. The band of Cor-
tinas increased rapidly, until itsnumbers reached over five
hundred men, and he posted himself on the hanks of the
Rio Grande, there keeping up constant and friendiftnter-
course with the Mexican shore, and maintaining an atti-
tude of determined hostility to all Americans. So things
remained until the 24th of December, when Major Heint-
zelman, with one hundred and fifty regular troops, and one
hundred and eighty Texan volunteers, fell in with Cortinas,
strongly posted, and, after asharp engagement, routed him
completely, taking his guns, camp equipage, and munitions,
and killing about sixty of the banditti. Cortinas fled with
• bis shattered band to the Mexican shore, where he still re-
mains, insulting and firing upon Americans aci oss the river
in defiance of Mexican authority, if they attempt to exer-
cise any, which is greatly questioned by many intelligent
men having good opportunities to observe, whilst maraud-
ing parties of his men cross the river continually foi the
purposes of theft and plunder.
This state of affairs, as 1 understand it, constitutes the
foundation of the report of the commissioners sent by the
Governor of Texas to the frontier to examine into all the
facts connected with the disturbances on the border. And
upon their report, he declares that Texas has been invaded,
and he calls tor the " interposition of the Federal arm" for
the protection of the citizens of the State.
This call of the Governor is the first which lias yet been
made by the authorities of Texas for any assistance in these
disturbances from this Government; no doubt because it
was considered by them, up to this time, as a matter in-
volving local 'laws and interests rather than such as per-
tained to the honor or interests of the Confederacy.
But upon this call of the Governor of Texas, and upon
the undeniable proof of gross outrages committed upon our
soil, I did not hesitate to order a concentration of ail the
force upon the frontier which the exigencies of the service
elsewhere would allow.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN B. FLOYD, Secretary of War.
To the President.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I gave way to hear these
communications read; and I have a remark or
two to make upon them. The Senator will not fail
to observe one or two things in them. The Pres-
ident simply sends Governor Houston's com-
munication to the Senate. He makes no recom-
mendation at all; and, if I am not mistaken, the
Governor says nothing- in his communication
about the Indians.
Mr. WIGFALL. He does, distinctly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If he does, I did not hear
it, and those listening with me did not hear it.
Mr. WIGFALL. Read it again.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear that
again, if 1 am mistaken about it.
The Secretary read, as follows:
" I deplore the situation of Texas. An empty treasury,
the Indian troubles, unexampled for the last ten years, and
the forays fioui Mexico on our southern borders, are well
calculated to impi ess the mind of the Executive of the State
of Texas with the intricacies of the attitude which he has,
in justice to his fellow-citizens and humanity, to assume,
should not the Federal arm be npecdily niised and extended
in behalf of our suffering frontier."
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is it? That Indian
troubles on the border for the last ten years should
call for the speedy interposition of the Executive
arm?
Mr. WIGFALL. That they are greater than
they have been for the last ten years.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We heard that over and
over again in the Senate, while the Senator now
the Governor of Texas was here, at (east some
four or five times during every session of Con-
gress, and Congress passed upon that. What I
meant to say was, and what 1 supposed 1 was
right in saying was, that he does not intimate that
there are any particularly recent Indian troubles
calling for the interposition of the Federal Gov-
ernment, nothing of modern date. He goes back
to what he urged on the Senate heretofore, and
what was urged on the Senate when we author-
ized this regiment to be raised, if the.President
thought it best to call it into the field and to or-
ganize it. Therefore I was right substantially,
m the assertion I made. He says nothing of any
recent Indian troubles. His communication is
/ directed particularly to the matter of Cortinas and
his band. Then, when we come to the commu-
nication of the Secretary of War, what is that?
It proves conclusively that the greater part of all
these stories about outrages were at one time
found to be false and fabricated, and the Senate
undoubtedly understood what was said by Gen-
eral Twiggs, in his communication with regard t®
the feeling of the people on the border, and the
object which those people had in keeping the
troops in the field; but what has been done ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I must really
rise to a point of order, i regret to do it when
the Senator from Maine is on the floor, but I must
make the point. It must necessarily draw a good
deal more debate, and we are not debating the bill
justly. My point is, that it is not in order, on a
motion to take up a bill, to go at large into its
merits; and so the discussion is entirely out of
order.
Mr. CLAY, (to Mr. Fessenden.) You will
admit that, I presume.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not understand the
Senator.
Mr. CLAY. I presume the Senator, and every
other Senator on the floor, will admit that it is out
of order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will admit that, if it is
out of order, it is an order that has never been
followed in the Senate since I have been a mem-
ber of it; but has been uniformly and universally
disregarded.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bigler;)
The Chair has already stated that, in his opinion,
iwwas clearly out of order, and in violation of par-
liamentary law; but the practice has been indulged
in this body. If obliged to make a decision, the
Chair must say that it is out of order to discuss
the merits of a bill, pending a motion to take it
up; but it has been the custom in this body.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If I understand the Chair
to rule on the subject, I will obey the ruling, what-
ever it may be. I only want to know what the
ruling is
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
rule, then, that the custom is out of order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; I submit to
the ruling.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on taking up the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I should like to make a
brief explanation 
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is out of order.
Mr. LANE. I wish to say a word in expla-
nation before the vote is taken. The Senator from
New York [Mr. Seward] said to me some two
hours ago that he was going off to fulfill an en-
gagement, and he desired me to pair with him. I
stated that on any political question I would do so.
Not regarding this as a political question, and be-
ing in favor of the bill, I am at liberty to vote. I
shall therefore vote "yea."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 17; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs.Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg,Brown,
Chcsnut, Ciav, Cluigman, Davis, Douglas, Fitch, Fitzpat-
rick, Hammond, Hemphill, Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas,
Johnson or' Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham. Mason,
Powell, Rice, Saui&burv, Sebastian, Wigiall, and Yulee—
27.
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Chandler, Coliamer, Doolit-
tle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Harlan, King, Sim-
mons. Sumner, Ten Eyck, Tiumbull, Wade, Wilkinson,
and Wilson—17.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As the bill is now taken
up, and will be the unfinished business for to-
morrow morning, and have precedence of all
other business, I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the Senator to permit
me to make a motion of form before that is done.
I move, with the consent of the Senator, that the
further execution of the order of the Senate appro-
priating Monday and Tuesday for judiciary busi-
ness, be postponed until Monday next.
Mr. HUNTER. That has been done, I think.
Mr. BENJAMIN. No; it has not been done.
Let the Senate extend the order until Monday
next for judiciary business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will put the question on the motioia of the Sena-
tor from Louisiana.
The motion was agreed to
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now renew the motion
that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March G, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
PAY OF NAVAL AND MARINE OFFICERS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from theSecretary of theNavy,trans-
mitting a statement of the pay and allowances to
the officers of the Navy and marine corps, during
the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1859; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
NAYY REGISTER.
The SPEAKER alsb laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Navy,
transmitting three hundred copies of the Navy
Register for the current year, for the use of the
members of the House of Representatives; which
was laicl on the table, and ordered to be printed.
PAY AND MILEAGE OF MEMBERS.
Mr. SCHWARTZ. I ask leave to offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Mileage be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of reducing the compensa-
tion now paid to members of Congress, to what it was
foimerly, that i5?, eight dollars for each day of actual ser-
vice; and that it be further instructed \o inquire into the
expediency of regulating and reducing the mileage now al-
lowed to members of Congress ; and that it have pofrer to
report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. This is the last
day the Committee on Commerce has for its re-
ports. There has been some important business
reported by that committee; and there is a spe-
cial order for to-day, which is the bill to protect
female passengers in emigrant ships. I hope,
therefore, that the House will allow us to proceed
with that special order.
Mr. CLEMENS. I object to the introduction
of the resolution.
BOUNDARY BETWEEN GEORGIA AND FLORIDA.
Mr. LOYE. 1 ask leave to offer a resolution.
Mr. DAYIS, of Indiana. If the morning hour
has not commenccd I will not object; but if the
morning hour has commenced, and if this is to
come out of it, I must object.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has not
commenced.
Mr. BUFFINTON. There can be no objec-
tion to this resolution. Let it be read.
Mr. Love's resolution was read, &s follows:
Whereas, in the recent settlement of the boundary ques-
tion between the States of Georgia and Florida, a line has
been run, and doubtless will be adopted and affirmed by
the two States, which line cuts off a portion of the State
of Georgia, and many peisons who have heretofore been
considered citizens of said State of Georgia, and who hold
Geoigia titles to the lands &o cut off into the State of Floi-
ida; and whereas it is not only important to these two
States that this vexed question should be definitely and
finally settled, but to the United Stateb Government also:
Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be, and
they are hereby, mstiucted to consider the expediency of
reporting a bill ceding and yielding any claim that the Gov-
ernment of the United States may have to lands on either
side of said line, to all whose titles weie good betoie said
line was run.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered, and agreed to
ORDER 03? BUSINESS.
- Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular order
of business. I ask that it be announced.
Mr. COX. I desire to make a report from the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims. I was sick
the other day when my committee was called.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio to allow me to present resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of Georgia, in order
that they may be referred to the appropriate com-
mittees, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for thfc regular order
of business, in order that the morning hour may
commence.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the reception of reports from the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and the first in order is the
following bill, reported when the committee was
last called,namely,abill (H. R.No. 19) to amend
an act entitled " An act to regulate the carriage of
passengers in steamships or other vessels," ap-
pro\&ed March 3, 1855, for the better protection
of female passengers and for other purposes.
RESOLUTIONS OF GEORGIA.
Mr. CRAWFORD, by unanimous consent,
presented the following joint resolutions of the
Legislature uf Georgia", which were referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed:
Joint resolution relative to the Branch Mint at Dahtonega.
Whereas a serious effort was made m the last Congress
to withhold the usual appropriations for the branch mint
