2900
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is most clearly
of opinion that the fact that a sewer in Brooklyn
passes through the liavy-yard, will not make the
amendment germane to a bill providing for the
preservation of dock-yards and the preservation
of the Navy. Therefore, the Chair is of opinion
that the amendment is out of order.
Mr. HUMPHREY. Does the Chair base his
decision upon the fact that the amendment is in-
troduced into this paragraph? Would it be ger-
mane to another part of the bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would hardly
bo inclined to indicate -#hat will be his decision
under a different state of circumstances.
Mr. SICKLES. I move to amend at the one
hundred and fourth line, by adding §1,000 to the
appropriation. I suggest to my colleague [Mr
Humphrey] and to the committee, that by an
existing law it is the duty of Congress to take
care of the grounds included within the navy-
yard, to drain them, to fence them, and to protect
them from all damage and injury; and any appro-
priation in conformity with this law, that may be
rendered necessary by the existing condition of
things, it appears to me, is in order. If my col-
league will refer to this law, lie will see that the
amendment is clearly in order.
Mr. WHITELEY. I oppose the amendment
of the gentleman from Now York, and I oppose
all these appropriations. I have no doubt, Mr.
Chairman, it would have been better for this Gov-
ernment if it never had had a navy-yard; and I
have no doubt now but it would be better, both
in regard to the material of which our ships of
war are built, and with regard to the workman-
ship upon them—and certainly it would be more
economical. The genticman from Virginia [Mr.
Millson] stated this morning that England had
nine navy-yards. In that I think he is mis-
taken. . But even if it be true, we, with not one
.tenth of the war marine of England, have eight,
a very great disproportion. I think tliatin regard
to the workmanship and the timber with which
the ships are built, it would be wise policy for
the Government to adopt the policy of private
individuals, and whenever it wants a ship built,
goto the ship-builders and contract for it. Let
me state to the committee a singular and remark-
able fact with reference to the Minnesota, which
was built some years ago, and which curried our
minister to China. Slie was finished in 1857,
and carried out Mr. Hivil, our minister to China,
remained there a year or eighteen months, and
came back a perfect honeycomb. I heard a ship-
master at Philadelphia express his surpiise that
she was ever able to cross the ocean at all.
Mr. MILLSON. The Government has had
ships built two or three times by contract; and 1
now ask the gentleman if he does not know that
110 contract ship ever made a second cruise?
Mr. WHITELEY. I am not informed of that;
but I am informed of this other fact, that no ship
built by tliis Government was ever live years in
service before she was made a new ship from
keelson to truck. Is that the case with the com-
mercial ships in the ports of New York, Phila-
delphia, Baltimore, and New Orleans? Private
individuals get their ships built so that they shall
last at least a few years. But our Government,
with an immense outlay of money and time and
everything else, can get no ship built to last five
years. I mentioned the case of the Minnesota;
and, in addition to that, was the very remarkable
case of the Niagara, the other day. It is as true
as Holy Writ, that so long as we have Govern-
ment work-shops,andaslong as Congress appro-
priates money for them, work will be made in
order to expend the money.
Mr, MILLSON. Was not the Niagara a con-
tract ship ?
Mr. WHITELEY. That may be so; but cer-
tain it is that the private individual, who gets his
ships built by contract, gets them better built than
the Government does in its work-shops.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask the genticman whether
ihe frigate Constitution was built by contract?
Mr. WHITELEY. I cannot hear the gentle-
man. I am sorry that all these interruptions have
occurred, as I have but five minutes. But my op-
position does not apply to the navy-yards alone.
It goes further. I would break up the whole Na-
vy; and I do not believe that Government would
suffer one iota of loss, even if war should occur
to-raoirow; for when war does occur, we have
always to go to the common sailors and officers
of the mercantile marine to sail our ships and
fight our battles, and we do not depend upon these
epauleted Navy officers. Let me state, in this
connection, a fact with reference to the last expe-
dition sent to Paraguay. I was told by an officer
of the Navy that there was a gun on one ship
while the carriage for it was on board another.
Mr. SICKLES, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to amend by in-
creasing the appropriation ,500. • Mr. Chair-
man, the contract system has, in every instance
where it was attempted, failed. The Niagara was
a contract ship. It was not built by naval con-
structors; and as to the Minnesota, that was an
illustration which the gentleman oughtnot to have
introduced here. The dry rot was occasioned in
the Minnesota because of the fact that Govern-
ment had not seasoned timber in the dock-yard to
build her with; and with the appropriations now
asked for, the Department are to get timber and
place it in the dock-yards, so that it can be prop-
erly seasoned.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
ask my colleague whether that ship was not made
out of the live oak purchased by Mr. Swift ?
[Laughter .1
Mr. FLORENCE. I apprehend not. I can-
not answer the question. I only know from in-
formation I got at headquarters,and I wish other
gentlemen had the same information, for there is
the most lamentable ignorance upon this subject—
I do not speak in an offensive spirit—upon the
whole subject of navy-yards and ship-building
that I haveever witnessed amqngintelligent men.
[Laughter.] It is surprising to me that my friend
from Delaware, [Mr. Whiteley,] who ought to
be well acquainted with the subject, should get
up and make a statement without information. I
say that, unless the appropriations asked by the
Department arc made, our ships will rot at the
wharves and dock-yards.
Now, in reference to the number of dock-yards,
I do not believe that, with our extensive coast,
we ought to have a less numbei; but if, on inves-
tigation, it be found proper to lxducc them, I am
for that reduction, and for all other salutaiy re-
forms. [Laughter.] But let us, sir, begin and
go on regularly; let us have an efficient Navy; let
us get it well established; let us in peace piepare
for war, by providing the timber and other ma-
terials neeessaiy to construct our Ships; and when
we have done that, lei us begin the reform in
reducing the number of navy-yards.
1 am speaking, sir, as the House will perceive,
against time. I have not had an opportunity prop-
erly to chastise the gentleman from Delaware.
[Laughter.] That hammer is a terrible check
upon me.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I hope that, by
unanimous consent, my friend will be allowed to
chastise the gentleman from Delaware. [Laugh-
ter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr.FLORENCE. Iwithdrawmyameudment.'
The question was taken on Mr. IyIillson's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. HUMPHREY. As we have now passed
over the section headed " navy-yards," I move-
to insert, after line one hundred and eleven, the
following, as an additional section:
iVete York Navy-Yard—Foi the con-tnicfion of a power
upon Flushing avenue to Vaiid 'rbilt avenue. thence thi(m?ll
the United States grounds to tile WallaboHt v, ;uor, ^(>0,000:
Provided, That the city of Brooklyn --11 a 11 pay one half of
the cost of tile same on Flushing avenue.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
point of order. That is the same amendment
which the Chair has decided to be out of order;
and even if it were proper and legitimate, it could
not come in as an additional section at this part of
the bill.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I will simply state to the
Chair that, in drawing the amendment, I have fol-
lowed the precedents of all appropriation bills
heretofore. Appropriations precisely of this kind
have been made heretofore; and if the rule is now
laid down that an appropriation cannot be made
for a new purpose that is not already indicated by
the Committee of Ways and Means, I suppose it
will cut olf all possible amendments,
The CHAIRMAN, The Chair does not see
that the case is at al! altered from what it was be-
fore. It will aiford the Chair pleasure to put the
question to the committee, if the gentleman from
New York shall take an appeal. The Chair is
constrained to adhere to the opinion that it ex-
pressed a short time since in relation to the same
amendment, and thinks that it is not changed by
proposing to place it in another portion of the bill.
Mr. HUMPHREY. Then, for the purpose of
having the question finally decided, I appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I ask the con-
sent of the committee to make a statement,for the
information of the Chair, with reference to this
question. This very appropriation has been be-
fore the Committee of Ways and Means every
year 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call the gen-
tleman to order. I object to debate.
Mr. HOWARD,ofMichigan. Thisvery prop-
osition has been ruled in order. [Cries of " Or-
der!"]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. Then I appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. An appeal lias already been
taken.
The question was taken on the appeal, and the
decision of the Chair was sustained as the judg-
ment of the committee.
The Clerk read the following clauses of the bill:
"Naval Jiiylum, Philadelphia.—For improving cetne-
teiy, hky-hiilits to mam building, furniture and n-pairs of
samt1, hou-so-f loaning and white-washing, repairs to fur-
nace?, grates, and ranges, gas and water rent, and for re-
pairs ot ail kinds, $5,150.
uFoi s-uppoit of benelieiarios at the asylum_, $27,000."
Mr.MORSE. I offer the followingamendment,
to come in after the clauses just read:
Provided, That Mich of the beneficiaries as have been, or
may heroaftei be, admitted to the privileges of the asylum,
under the laws and 1 emulations, it they ^iiall so elect, and
if deemed worthy of the privilege by the Secictitry of the
Navy, may he permitted to reside with their families or
friends, and shall be paid by the dislnusm" oflieei of the
asylum, out of tiie fund fur the biipp-n t of the bcnefieiarics,
in view of all allowances, a monthly stipend, maduated
upon their physical condition, of not less than half the
monthly pay ot the grade in which they Ja>t served m the
Navy, but in no case to exceed the actual eo.-,tof their sup-
poit m ttie asylum.
I wish to say, in support of that amendment,
that old sailors who have been twenty years in
the service of the United States arc entitled to
the privileges of this hospital; but they do not
get any benefit of the hospital fand5 or a cent to-
wards their support, unless they go there to re-
side. This amendment allows them the same
amount that it would take to support them in the
asylum, and lets them live with their families.
This is a privilege to which 1 think the sailors
ought to be entitled, after they have spent their
best days in the public service. Why should the
old sailor be exiled from his friends, kindred, and
family, while we pay handsome salaries to officers
off duty; and when they get too old for service,
it seems unjust to make so wide a distinction be-
tween these two classes of public servants. It
does not add anything to the expenses of the
Government, butmakes a little less trouble in the
government of the hospital.
There are now one hundred and fifty old sailors
in the Naval Asylum at Philadelphia. You have
stationed there, to govern those old worn-out
sailors, and direct and control the asyhuyuacap-
tam in the Navy, a commander, a lieutenant, be-
sides a surgeon and a score or more attendants.
Mr. WHITELEY. I rise to a question of
order. I submit that this amendment is not in
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chairthinks the ques-
tion is raised too late. The amendment has been
received, and the gentleman is proceeding with his
remarks.
Mr. MORSE. I hope the old sailor will not
he deprived of the poor privilege of having his
case presented for the decision of the House; and,
if there is any sympathy here for anybody but
officers, of letting him spend his last days and die
among his friends and relatives. It will cost the
Government nothing, and it will be such a relief
to the Herculean labors of the officers in charge
of the hospital to have its inmates diminished. It
must be very hard woik for these three naval
officers, with their attendants, to govern a hun-
dred and fifty old sailors, accustomed all their
lives to the discipline of the ship. They ought to
be relieved, as far as practicable,from that severe
