1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
duty; and on this ground mainly I shall expect
the support of my friend frois Maryland, and all
those who sympathize with the officers on shore-
stations, in the performance of their arduous la-
bors. Let the old sailor go home and enjoy social
intercourse with his family or friends the little
time he has to live. Under the existing law, after
he has served his country for twenty years, he
must take up his abode in the asylum or receive
nothingfrom the Government. I hope this amend-
ment will be adopted.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUFFINTON called for tellers on the
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bonham and
Perry were appointed.
Thecommittee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 61, noes 80.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, moved to amend
by adding at the end of the paragraph " for the
purchase of nautical instruments required for the
use of the Navy; for repairs of the same, and
also of astronomical.instruments; and for the
purchase of nautical books, maps, and charts,
and for backing and binding the same, $25,000,"
as follows:
And in settling the accounts of Lieutenant J. M. Gilliss,
superintendent of the naval astronomical expedition, sub-
sequently to September 17, 1833, the accounting officers of
the Treasury aie hereby directed to allow hnn at tlie rate
established for that otilcc by the act approved 3d March,
1851.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of order. That amendment, sir, is cer-
tainly in no better condition than theonel offered
last night for artisans, which the Chairman ruled
out of order.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. It is to carry
out an existing law.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No more
than mine was.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I trust I shall j
be permitted to make a very brief explanation,
and I believe I can satisfy the Chairman that the
amendment is in order. Up to the time indicated
inthisamendment, Lieutenant Gilliss received the
pay which this proposes lo allow as fixed by the
act of 3d March, 1851. From that time to this
the Department has declined to pay him at that
rate. I have a letter in my hand from the Attor-
ney General, giving it as his opinion thatLieuten-
ant Gilliss is entitled to receive the same pay which
he received prior to 1855.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I thouglita
question of order was raised upon this amend-
ment. I ask that that question may be decided.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am willing
the gentleman from Maryland shall be heard upon
his question of order, provided the committee will
consent to hear me upon the question of order
raised against me yesterday.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I am sure my
friend from Illinois, because he was treated hardly
yesterday, does not want to enforce the same
treatment against me.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I want all
these gentlemen to stand upon the same footing.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that no particularly beneficial result will grow
out of this discussion of the question of order.
[Laughter.] The chairman is fully satisfied that
the amendment is not in order, and so rules.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I move to strike out of
the bill lines one hundred and seventy-three and
one hundred and seventy-four, " for the erection
of a hose-house,$1,500." I make this motion be-
cause, according to the decision which the com-
mittee has made, such an appropriation would
not be in order as an amendment; and if not as
an amendment, it is not as a part of the original
bill. I raise the question of order that this clause
has no business in this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of order made by the gentleman from
New York. This committee is acting under the
direction of theHouse,and the gentleman's point
of order, if made at all, must be in the House,
and not in committee.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move to amend by
striking out the last clause in the bill, which is,
'• For preparing ,or publication the American Nautical
Almanac, $253bS0."
I make the motion for the purpose of asking the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
what this Nautical Almanac is; how many of
them it is proposed to print, and what it will be
likely to cost?
Mr. SHERMAN. It has been printed for a
number of years. Last year we struck it out; but
I believe it is considered by the Navy Depart-
ment as a useful and necessary work.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Well, sir, 1 hope the
House will strike it out. I think $25,000 is rather
too much to spend upon an Almanac.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. PERRY submitted the following as an
additional section:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That an act entitled
" An act to increase and regulate tile pay of the Navy of the
United States," passed at the present session, be, and the
same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I raise a ques-
tion of order upon that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the amend-
ment out of order.
Mr. MORSE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to offer the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the bill;
For the completion and publication of the chaits of
Lieutenant Brooks's recent survey of the route between
California and China, and of portions of the coast of Japan,
$4,000.
Mr. BURNETT. I submit to the Chairman
whether that amendment is germane to the bill;
whether it is not independent legislation; and
whether there is any law authorizing an appro-
priation for that purpose?
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman raise
a question of order?
Mr. BURNETT. Certainly, I submit that the
amendment is not in order for the reasons I have
stated.
Mr. MORSE. I hope I shall be permitted to
make a single word of explanation in reference
to this amendment. Some few years ago, twenty-
five or thirty thousand dollars were appropriated
to send Captain Rodgers and Lieutenant Brooks
upon this expedition. The expedition went out,
and performed very important service. They
corrected the latitude and longitude of many of
the islands and sunken rocks and shoals in the
Pacific and on the coast of Japan, and performed
very essential seryice to commerce. But it can
have no good effect unless the results of the expe-
dition arc published.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not like to interrupt
the gentleman, but this is not a discussion of the
question of order. If there is any law author-
izing this appropriation, let the gentleman pro-
duce it.
Mr. MORSE. I have not the law beforo me;
but I say to the Chairman that this expedition
was sent out in pursuance of a law of Congress.
They have brought home the results of their la-
bors, which now lie piled up in the Department,
and the world cannot have the benefit of them
unless this publication is ordered. This amend-
ment is to complete a work which has- been au-
thorized by Congress. The sum proposed is
very small,.and the whole results of the expedi-
tion will be of no benefit to anybody without the
publication. I submit that the amendment is in
order. . . , . .
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not advised
of the law which authorized, in general terms,
this work, without making an appropriation suf-
ficient to defray whatever expenses were author-
ized. , . _ ,
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Does the
gentleman from Maine say that there is a law
authorizing the publication or printing of this
work ?
Mr. MORSE. I presume there is a law au-
thorizing the publication, because the work is in
progress. Some of the charts have been already
engraved, others are partly done, and this sum
is required to finish what has already been begun.
It is not probable that the expedition was sent
out, and the result of their labors in part pub-
lished, without authority of law. The simple
fact is, the appropriation has given out, and this
small sum is absolutely required to complete
Lieutenant Brooks's part of the work. If the
amendment is not in order, I can hardly conceive
of one that would be. It surely is to finish a
work authorized by law, and until its completion
is provided for, the results of the expedition will
be useless to the commerce of our country and
that of the world. These surveys and'exploring
expeditions are of great importance to our prog-
ress as a commercial people, and it would be a
wise policy to keep one or more of them out all
the time. It is the best use we can put our. Navy
to; and I trust the Chair will consider well'before
the amendment is ruled out of order. ' " .
Mr. BURNETT. If there is such a law, let
the gentleman produce it; if not, then of course
the amendment is out of order. '
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair regrets that,
he is not able himself to refer to such a law. It
is usual for the Government, when authorizing
works of this description, to make the necessary
apppropriation at the time; and the Chair, as at
present advised, will decide the amendment to be
out of order.
[The committee here informally rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message was
received from the Senate by Mr. Patton, one of
their clerks, notifying the House that the Senate-
have passed a bill of this House authorizing the
sale of the Western Military Asylum, at Har-
rodsburg, Kentucky, with sundry amendments,
in which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
Also, that the President of the United States
has informed the Senate that he has approved and
signed a bill for the relief of Guadalupe Estudillo
de Arguello, widow of Santiago E. Arguello.
The committee then resumed its session.]
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer the fallowing
amendment, as a new section:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the sum of $39,400
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated for the pay of com-
mission, warrant, and petty officers, and seamen, including
the engineer corps of Hie Navy, for the year ending 30th
June, I860."
The naval pay bill took effect upon the 1st of
June, and wo have to make an appropriation for
one month's pay.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the committee
rise, and report this bill, with the amendments, to
the House, with a recommendation that they do
pass.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
under consideration a bill (H. R. No. 500) making
appropriations for the naval service for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1861; had made various
amendments thereto; and had directed him to re-
port the bill and amendments to the House, with'
a recommendation that they do pass.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move the previous ques-
tion upon the amendments.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am disposed to move to
recommit this bill to the Committee of Wa.ys and
Means. It is evidently a very imperfect.bill; and
by referring it back perhaps we shall get a better
bill. ' .
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to that,
if the gentleman desires it.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am desirous of getting a
better bill; and if the gentleman from Ohio can
give me any assurance that I shall thereby get a
better bill, I will make the motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can say to the gentleman
that he will get a smaller bill.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, I do not want a
much smaller bill; therefore I withdraw the mo-
tion. [Laughter.]
The several amendments recommended by the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
(with the exception of the first and third, upon
which separate votes were asked) were agreed to
in gross.
The first amendment was read, as follows:
Page 1, lines nine and ten, strike out " $102,^15 58,-} and
insert in lieu thereof "$574,723 97so that the clause will
'""'For pay of commission, warrant, and petty officers
and seamen, including the engineer corps ot the Navy,
@4,574,725 97.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved tore-
consider the vote by which the amendment waa
