1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1013
at Duhlonega, in thi.s State, and thereby in effect to abolish
the same; and whereas the said mint is of great and grow-
ing importance to the gold diggers of Lumpkin and the
surioundmg counties., inasmuch as heavy sumsol monu>
are now being expended m cutting canals, diverting water
coui.-es, and thereby developms the gold buried in the
mountains of Georgia; and whereas increasing quantities
ot gold are being returned for coinage at the said mint,
firini the, above causes,as well as from the fact thatalarge
number of the citizens of upper Georgia are now engaged
in gold digging in the ltocky Mountains, who return the
ore for coinage at the Dahtonega mint; and \vherea«, the
said mint at Dahloncga is almost the only one which di-
rectly benefits the actual laborer, the gold digger himself,
and one of the few establishments of tiie Fedeiai Govern-
ment of any sort, wherein a pittance of Federal money is
expended at the South: Therefore,
Be it resolved, by the Senate and House of Representatives
of Gcoi [$ia, That*«ur Senators and Representatives in Con-
be lequestcd to u c all efforts in their power to con-
tinue the said mint, and to procure the usual appropiia-
Uoiis therefor.
Resolted, That his Excellency the Governor be re-
quested to transmit a copy of this preamble and resolutions
to each of our Senators and Representatives in Congress.
I. T. IRVIN,
Speaker of the House of Representative*.
James J. Diamond, Clerkof the House of Representatives.
T. L. UUERKY,
1 President of the Senate.
Frederick H. West, Secretary of the Senate.
Assented to Decembers, 1858.
JOSEPH E.BROWN, Governor.
Mr. CRAWFORD also presemed the follow-
ing joint resolutions of the Legislat n rc of the State
of Georgia; which were severally referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed:
Resolved by the General Assembly, That oar Senators be
instructed, and our Representatives in Congress be re-
quested, to use their efforts to have the mail service which
had lately been discontinued m Georgia put in operation
again by the Postmaster Geneial, as the mail facilities at
present afforded are insufficient to meet the commercial,
agricultural, and social wants of the people.
I. T. IRVIN,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
James J. Diamond, Clerkof the House of Representatives.
T. L. G(JERRY,
President of the Senate.
Frederick H. West, Secretary of the Senate.
Assented to December 17,1859.
JOSEPH E. BROWN, Governor.
Resolved by the General Assembly of the State of Georgia,
That our Senators and Representatives m Congiess be re-
quested to use their influence to have the mail routes
through the counties of Worth, Iiwm, and Wilcox.altered
and changed from what they now are to what they were
previous to the letting of the new contracts in 1859, so as
to facilitate the transmission of the mails; the condition of
the mail routes through said countie- being in a wretched
condition at the present time; and that a copy of this reso-
lution be loiwarded to our membeis of Congress.
I. T. IRVIN,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
James J. Diamond, Clerk of the House of Representatives.
T. L. GUERKY,
President of the Senate.
Frederick H. West, Secretary of the Senate.
Assented to December 17. i£59.
JOSEPH E. BROWN, Governor.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. BOCOCK. I rise to aquestionof privilege.
Upon examining the Journal I find that my name
is not recorded on the vote yesterday on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Bakksdale,] to suspend the rules, with a view to
introduce a resolution to fix a period for the ad-
journment. I was in the House at the time, and
have a distinct recollection that I voted The re-
cording of my vote will not change the result. ]
voted against suspending the rules, and 1 ask that
the Journal be amended so as to record that vote.
It was so ordered.
HEIRS OF JOHN PAULDING AND OTHERS.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims, reported
back, with a recommendation that it do pass, a
bill for the relief of the h<Mr? of John Paulding,
David Williams, Isaac Yan Wert, and Sergeant
John Champe; which was referred to a Commit-
tee of the Whole House, and, with the accompa-
nying report, ordered to be printed.
Mi. VANCE. I would appeal to the gentle-
man from New York to allow me to introduce a
bill.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I have yielded re-
peatedly, and will yield to the gentleman.
Mr VANCE. 1 was accidentally absent when
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims was
called the other day.
Mr. CASE. 1 object,for the reason that there
are others similarly circumstanced.
Mr. VANCE. I wish to introduce the bill for
reference
Mr. CROW. I hope the rules will be enforced.
PROTECTION OF FEMALE EMIGRANTS.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the bill reported from the Committee on Com-
merce, to amend an act entitled " An act to regu-
late the carriage of passengers in steamships or
other vessels," approved March 3, 1855, for the
better protection of female passengers, and for
other purposes, the pending question being on the
motion of Mr. John Cochrane to recommit the
said bill to the Committee on Commerce.
' Mr. STANTON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I call up the motion to reconsider the vote
by which the fortification bill was referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. That cannot take precedence
of the business before the House. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. John Cochrane] is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. When this bill was
last under consideration, I submitted a motion that
itbe recommitted to the Committee on Commerce.
I now withdraw that motion, and move that the
bill be put upon its passage.
I wish to say, m conncction with the motion
that I have made, very briefly, that this bill pro-
vides for the punishment of those who seduce,
by solicitation, by the exercise of authority, by
threats, or by gifts, females unprotected in pas-
senger ships upon the high seas. The punishment
of that offense is one year's imprisonment or a
fine not exceeding $1,000.
The second section of the bill provides that no
subordinate officer or seaman on board any vessel,
shall be permitted to-visit the place where theem-
igrant passengers are placed, and that a violation
of that provision shall be visited with the penalty
of their wages during the voyage, and that the
captain shall be visited with a penalty of fifty dol-
lars for permitting it.
The third section provides that the captain shall
cause to be placed publicly upon the vessel notices
to the effect that seamen are prohibited from vis-
iting the part of the vessel where the emigrant
passengers are, and inflicts a penalty on him of
fifty dollars for the omission to do so. There is
also a provision that if the court, in its discretion,
shall choose, it shall donate the fines in these sev-
eral instances to the female who has been injured.
The time of limitation, as*fixed by the bill, is one
year from the time of the commission of the
offense.
Since I occupied the floor the other day, nu-
merous suggestions have been made to me as to
the propriety of two alterations in the bill, and I
have supposed that those alterations are proper.
One is, that in the third section, the notice to be
given shall be couched, not only in the English
language, but in the French and German; and
the other is, that the time of limitation, instead of
being only one year from the commission of the
offense, shall be one year from the time of the
arrival of the vessel m port.
The reason of the first alteration is obvious.
That of the second is to be found in the fact that
passenger vessels frequently, by stress of weather,
arc upon the sea some three, four, or live months;
so that if the period of the limitation be taken
from the date of the commission of the of-
fense, the limitation may, perhaps, be too short,
which will be provided for and obviated by such
an amendment as I propose to submit, namely,
one year from the time of the arrival of the vessel
m port, i now offer the amendment which I send
up, and upon it I shall demand the previous ques-
tion.
The amendment was read; as follows:
Insert in line four of section three, between the words
,k notice" and " containing," the \\ ords, '• in the English,
French, and Geim.m languages f' and strike out from sec-
tion five the la-t \vord> thereof, namely, "the commission
of the offense/' and insert the words, •• the arrival of the
ship or vessel at the port tor which ihewas destined when
the otfen*e was committed.*'
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 now move the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
the amendment presented by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Joux Cochrane.]
i The amendment was agreed to.
I The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
I engrossed and read a third time and being en-
grossed , it was accordingly read the third time and
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved tliat the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CODIFICATION or THE REVENUE LAWS.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I am instructed foy
the Committee on Commerce to report back to the
House a bill (H. R. No.21) for the simplification
and codification of the existing revenue laws of
the United States, and for other purposes.
Mr. Speaker, most of the members of the House
understand this bill intimately I-may say here
that it has been very materially and radically
changed from its condition when offered to the
last Congress. Innovations have been abandoned,
and it has been deemed best to provide for the
existing laws only those amendments which are
necessary for their enforcement—amendments
which have been adopted by the Treasury Depart-
ment, and have prevailed under its administration
during the last five years, without the sanction of
law, however, and therefore without the p6sgi-
bility of reference by our judicial tribunals to law
to control and modify them, when presented in
cases for judicial examination.
This bill, sir, has had devoted to it seven years
of labor. The laws, as they stand, have been
simply collated, with the amendments annexed,
which I have referred to. Those laws that are
in conflict with adjudicated law have been re-
pealed : and those which are doubtful have been
changed to the language of judicial decisions. I
have adopted,sir,the plan recognized,and which
has been advised by the Committee on Commerce,
that the bill should presentuponitsface indications
by which every member consulting it, may per-
ceive what part of it is old and what part of it is
new; so that by a cursory reading each member'
of the House, as he finds time to take up the bill,
will k'now what it is that is proposed to him to
record his vote upon.
It is of the utmost importance, Mr ."Speaker,
that this bill should be cabsidered. The interests
of commerce are dependent upon it. They are
now limited and confined by an imperfect code of
revenue laws. More inadequate laws are oper-
ative upon the transactions of commerce all over
the land. Lawyers are interested in the passage
of this bill; merchants are interested; all classes
in any degree connected with the transactions of
commerce have a direct, intimate, and extended
interest in the subject of the bill. And, sir, it is
for the purpose of asking this House that the fur-
ther consideration of this bill shall be postponed
to some future day certain—the members during
the interim thus having an opportunityforconsult-
ing it and learning its facts, and forming an intel-
ligent judgment upon it—that I have made the
remarks I have just submitted to the House. 1
have selected that period which is compatible
with action, and not incompatible with the remain-
ing business of this House, to which to move that
the bill be postponed; and I trust that there will
not be a solitary objection. I say, in my place
now, sir, that at the time to which I propose to
postpone the future consideration of this bill,
should more important business require attention,
or should there be objection to its consideration,
based upon a seasonable intimation from gentle-
men that they do not understand the bill, I will
give way and permit its consideration to be post-
poned to another day; or that the bill should be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, there to be considered as a
special order. I move, then, that the further con-
sideration of the bill be postponed untihhe fourth
Tuesday of the present month, the 27th instant.
Mr. MAYNARD. Unless the gentleman will
agree to fix a later day for the postponement, I
will be constrained to object.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I have made my
motion, and Tcall for the vote on it. I cannot
consent, with my present information, to a later
postponement.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest to
my colleague on the Committee on Commerce
not to call for the previous question; for it will
bring the House to a vote on the passage of the
bill at this time. There will be no objection to a
postponement of the further consideration of the
