2902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
agreed to; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The third amendment was read, as follows:
Amend on page 2, by striking out all after the word " pro-
vided," in line twenty, to the words of the," in the twen-
ty-seventh line, as follows:
"That not moie than §5,000 shall be expended in any
navy-yard in rhe ropairot any vessel until the necessity of
such repair and the probable cost thereof is ascertained by
the report of a boaid of not less than three otiiccr*} of the
Navy, with such one of tho naval constructors as the De-
partment may designate ; and that it f-lmil be the duty of
the Secretary to causc a suivey to be made by a board of
naval officers, in connection with a naval constructor,"
and insert as follows:
That not more than .$3,000 shall be expended at any navy-
yard in repairing the hull and spars ot any vessel, until the
necessity and expediency of such icpair and tho probable
cost thereof bo ascertained and lepoitcd to the Navy De-
partment by an examining board, to be composed of one
captain or commandci in the Navj, to be appointed by the
Secretary of tho Navv, the naval constructor ot the yard
where any vessel may he ordered for repairs, and two
master workmen of such yaid, or one mastoi workman and
one engineer of the Navy, according to the nature of tho
repairs to be done; said master workman and engineei to
be designated by the head of the bureau of Construction
and Repairs; and not moie than $1,000 Miatl be expended
on repairs on tho sails and rigging ot any vessel until tho
expediency and necessity of such lopairs and the estimated
cost thereof have boon ascertained and reported to the Navy
Department by an examining boaid, to be composed of one
naval officer, to be appointed by the Seciotary of the Navy,
and the master rigger and the master sail-maker of the yard
where such lepair may he ordered: ami it shall be the duty
of the Secretaiy of the Navy to cau^o a Mirvey to bo made
by a board of two naval officers, a naval constructor, and
a chief enginecs.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I hope this amend-
ment will not be adopted. The provisions of the
bill were very carefully matured by the commit-
tee, and this amendment js impracticable.
Mr. MORSE. I insist that the amendment is
one of the utmost importance.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I ohjcct to debate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
rend a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly road the third time.
Mr. Sl-lliltMAN moved the previous question
upon the passage of tho bill.
The previous question was sccondcd, and the
main question ordered to be put; and* under the
operation thereof, the bill was passed.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union to take up the Senate amend-
ments to the bill of the House, No. 21f), making
appropriations for the cut rent and contingent ex-
penses ofthe Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with vai ioup Indian tribes, for
the year ending June 30, 18C3; but pending that
motion, I move that the bill bo made a special
order in committee, and that all d< bate upon it be
terminated in live minutes after the House resolves
itself into committor.
The motion was agieed to.
CODIFICATION LAWS.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. J ank the gentle-
man from Ohio to yield to me a moment for the
purpose of bringing a matter to the attention of the
House, which it is important should be attended
to now. It is in regard to House bill No. 21. A
memorial has been sent to the House, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce, regarding that
bill; and that committee has instructed me to offer
to the House, under the circumstances, a reso-
lution, to which, I piesume, there will be no ob-
jection.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Whores Ilous-e bi:l "Yo. 21. entitled iC A bill for the sim-
plification ai d codiiic.Hion ot the exi-ting revenue laws of
the United States," relative to matters which intimately
atfect the nsterehts both of the Government and of tho?e
who are immediately encased in commeieinl pursuit* ; and
whereas it is important that anj law enacted relative thereto
should accord, as nearly as possible, with tho opinions of
those mo-t conversant with the same, and mo^t directly
affected theiebv: Theietore,
Be itrcsoked. That the Secictary of the Tieasuiy, and
Royal Phelps, ofthe city ot New" York, merchant, and
John' Cochranf, member of tho House, be desiied and
empoweied to examine said bill; and that the amendments
which fiity, or a inajouty ot them, concur m be presented
to the Home, and punted, at the next session of Congress :
Provided, That should not the Secretary of the Tiea-mry bo
able personally to attend to the same, he be empowered to
delegate his authority to any one of the principal clerks of
his Department: Jind provided further, That no compensa-
tion be granted lor anything done by virtue of this resolu-
tion.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I would say sim-
ply this, in addition, that objections have been
entertained by the merchants of New York, and
elsewhere, to some of the provisions of this bill,
and it has been deemed advisable by the Commit-
tee on Commerce that this course should be taken
in order that those objections might be heard,
and, if persisted in, presented to the House next
session, when the bill shall come before them for
consideration. The resolution involves no ap-
propriation, nor docs it rise to the dignity of ap-
pointing a commissioner, but only of an advisory
board.
Mr. CLARK, of New York, objected.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move to suspend
the rules.
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot yield the gentle-
man the floor for that purpose. I move that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state ofthe Union,
(Mr. Crawford in the chair) and proceeded to
the consideration of the Senate amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 215) making appropriations for
the current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with various Indian tribes, for the year ending
June 30, 1861.
The amendments of the Senate were then sev-
erally taken up, considered, and disposed of, as
follows:
First amendment:
Line eight, page 7. insert the words " per third article of
treaty of 22d February, 1855;" so that the clause will read:
For completing tho plowing and preparation for culti-
vation of two hundred and seventy-five acres for the Pilla-
ger and and Lake Winnebagoish bands offhippewas, per
third article ot treaty of 22d of February, 1855, $2,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrcnce.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sccond amendment:
In tho appropriation for the Camanchcs, strike out the
following wouK: *
u For live per centum interest on $200,000 for purposes
of education, per sixth article treaty, 7th August, 18.56,
$10,000.*'
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendment was not concuired in.
Third amendment:
Page 10. line three bundled and seventy-seven, insert
the words *■ balance of {$157,500so that the claubc will
lead:
Tot os.—For interest m lieu of investment on $57,500,
balance of .$157,500, to the 1st July, 1661, at five pei centum,
foi education oi other beneficial purposes, under the direc-
tion of the President, per second article treaty 19th Octo-
beu lb33, and ninth article treaty 17th May, 1854,
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence.
Tho amendment was concurred in.
The fourth amendment, which was a mere ver-
bal correction, was concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
Pace 20, line four hundred and sixty-one, after word
a thud," insert the word aitiele ;"so that tho clause will
read.
Foi permanent annuity in good* or otherwise, per third
aitiele and separate aiticlo to treaty 30th September, 1809,
$350.
The Committee of Ways and Mean* recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Poncas.—Foi second of live installment1* to be paid to
thorn oi expended for their benefit, commencing with the
year in which they shall remove to, and settle upon, the
tract received for their future homes, per second aitiele
treaty 12th March, 1858, $12,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means had recommended non-concurrence;
but after a full interview with the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, the committee reconsidered the
various amendments from six to sixty-eight, and
have agreed to recommend a concurrence only m
the sixth, seventh,eighth, twenty-sixth, and fifty-
sixth amendments; and a non-concurrence in the
rest—the Commissioner of Indian Affairs con-
cluding that he could do without any of the other
appropriations.
The sixth amendment was concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
For second often installments for the establishment and
maintenance of one or more manual labor schools, under
the direction of the President, per second article treaty
12th March, 1858, $5,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
For second often installments, or during the pleasure of
the Piesident, to be expended in furnishing said Indians
with such aul and assistance in agricultural and mechan-
ical pursuits, including (he working of the mill piovidcd
for m the fir<t pail of this article, as the Secretary of the
Interior may consider advantageous and necessary for
them, per second aitiele treaty 12th March, 185b, $7,500.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. SHERMAN. For the purpose of saving
time, I propose to have a vote taken now on the
twenty-sixth and fifty-sixth amendments, being-
the only two other amendments in which the
Committee of Ways and Means recommend con-
cuironee.
Mr. REAGAN. Are not some of those amend-
ments, in which the Committee of Ways and
Means recommend non-concurrence, necessary
to carry out treaty stipulations?
Mr. SHERMAN. There was a difference of
opinion between the Committee of Ways and
Means of this House and the Finance Committee
of the Senate as to the necessity of making these
appropriations—whether they should be made
nowor next winter. Finally,after full conference,
tho Commissioner of Indian Affairs concluded
that, with these five amendments, we could get
along without any others till next year, when
these sums can be properly appropriated.
Twenty-sixth amendment:
For keeping in repair blacksmiths', tinsmiths', gun-
smiths', caipenters', and wagon and plow-makers' shops,
and loi providing necessary tools therefor, per fifth article
treaty 9th June, 1855, $500.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifty-sixth amendment:
For keeping in repair ail necessary mill fixtures, purchase
of medicines, mechanics' tools, medicine and hospital
stoic?, books and stationery for schools and furnituie for
employes, pei fourth article"treaty 25th June, 1855, $300.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrcncc.
| The amendment was concurred in.
| Mr, STEVENS, of Washington. I give no-
; tice to the committee that there will be a deficiency
I bill brought in next session for the first install-
ments under the treaties made some years since,
unless these appropriations are made. It may
be that the Indian superintendents and agents
may be able to get along with the appropriations
recommended by the Committee of Ways and
Moans: but I think it probable that Congress will
be called upon next year to supply deficiencies.
I do not propose to resist the concurrence of the
House in the recommendations of the Committee
of Ways and Means; but my object simply is to
give notice of what maybe expected next session,
I so that the committee might be aware of the fact.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire simply to say to
the House, that the Committee of "Ways and
Moans after examination, have settled up all de-
ficiencies; and I believe it was the unanimous
understanding of the committee that if any fur-
ther deficiencies were caused by the acts of the
Indian agents or superintendents, they had bet-
ter look out. We have appropriated enough
already for the first installment on all these treat-
ies; and if the agents attempt to duplicate the
payment m any one year in advance of the ap-
propriation, I imagine it will be very difficult to
get through the House any further Indian defi-
ciency bill. Therefore, Indian agents and super-
intendents had better take warning.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I move to
amend the amendment by increasing the appro-
priation one dollar. I bc-g leave respectfully to
state to the committee and to the honorable
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
that there are appropriations under a treaty made
