1958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
memorial from a number of those concerned in
the production or manufacture of the article, which,
without reading, if the committee consent, 1 will
make new a part of my remarks.
There was no objection. The following is the
memorial referred to:
The undersigned begleave to representthatthey arc large-
ly engaged, in the several States of Ohio, Kentucky, and
Indiana, iu cauyingon the manufacture of jinsccd oil and
linseed cake; that under the provisions of the tarififof 1846,
they had invested in buildings and machinery, necessary
lor the purpose, very large amounts ot money, and by offer-
ing high puces for seed—which they were then able to do,
as foreign oii and seed bore a consideiable duty—and by
means of agents throughout the country, they encouraged
the growth of seed, until, about the year 1857, it had doubled
the aggiogate crop reported in 1850.
Youi petitioners futthei represent that the tariff of 1856
and 1857 preserved a distinction, made by the act of 1S46,
between t; litiseed " and ''flaxseed^'' and plaood "linseed,
not including flaxseed,1' on the tree li«t; and they are in-
toimi'd and believe that it was intended by tlus language
to admit tree all seeds of the family Linnt'cium, or lint-
bearing stalk, but to tax flaxseed, or that from which the
article commercially known as linseed oil is made.
Scientific writers have recognized the distinction be-
tween linseed as a geneue term, and llaxscod ns a specific
tenn—vide Gray's Botany, article <iLinncanm)') (flax-Jam-
ily;) also. Botany of North America. But the seed used in
the manufacture of oil and cake is by all writeis referred
to aa flaxseed.—See Worcester, word
Linseed.—"The seed of lmum, or the flax plant." "Called
also flaxseed."—Johnson.
Flaxseed.—"The seed of flax, generally termed linseed."
—Page 678.
Linseed Oil.—"A pellucid oil, expressed from/IaarsceJ."—
Simmonds.
See aho Webster :
Linseed Cake.—"The solid mass.or cake which remains
when oil is expressed tiom flaxseed."
Linseed Oit.—"An oil obtained by piei  urc fioni flax-
seed "— Ure
See also McCullough's Commercial Dictionary, page
682: " Flaxseed or Unseed, (Lat., Lmi semen,) the seed of
flax. It contains a great deal of oil, which it yields by
expression."
See aNo Smith's Dietionaiy of Arts and Sciences, page
6 : u Flax, ^Lmwmof Liniiieus.) the fibers of which aie so
uh<*ful fo4 linen, he between the wood and the exterioi eoat
or bark of each stalk. It-* seed is called linseed."
See also Mew American Encyclopedia, vol. 7, page 551:
"Flax, the common name of the plant Linitm usitalUsi-
imim. Its seed* furnish the impoitant oil called linseed oil,
and of the residue, after this is expressed, is made tfie oil
ca/.e, which iu extensively used lor feeding and fattening
cattle."
These extracts suffice to show that although the terms
Unseed and flaxseed are often u*ed as sjnonyms, yet the
latterterm is applied by the best authorities to tlmt seed from
which lintet'd oil I* made.
These authorities were followed m the construction
given to the tanfl of 181(5, under winch flaxseed was rated
at twenty per cent., and lins-eed at ten per cent ; but uni-
formly the duty was levieu at the higher rate, thu^ giving
'official sanction to the woid flaxseed, to desetibe the seed
imported, from which to make linseed oil.
Tins designation, a* alieady t-aul, youi petitioners aie
informed and believed, it was intended to picsene m the
tarift'yf 18.57, and nuclei the tetm./Zi/z&eftitolev) a duty upon
the teed used lor the manuliicture ot cake ami oil. But the
present Secretary of the Tiea-nry, diftregaiding the prece-
dents of the ten years immediately preceding, construed
the tanlfof 1657 to admit tins teed fiee as Itmeed, wtncii
was b<dore iated as flaxseed. 1
The importation* for lb58 amounted to $3,2-13,174
" " " 1859 " " 2,415,2-13
$5,G.)8,4I7
Which was admitted dutyfree as linserd; but had the
precedent under the old tariff been followed, this would
have been charged as £iflaxseedfiiteen percent., and
would have yielde<l a revenue of $84*,76^.
Your petitioners believe that the authorities piodueed
show conclusively that the Secretary of the Treasury has
cired m tiie construction given to the tariff of 1857. The
f ifect has been extremely disastrous to the business of your
petitioners. The immense importations of seed admitted
duty free gave the seaboaid crushers an advantage ot west-
ern glowers and inaiiulaetureis so great, that they monop-
olized the market hitherto supplied mpait by your peti-
tioners.
The depression ot prices effected has been so gu\it that
the business of crushing seed has ceased to be profitable to
your petitioners, and has rendered them unable to offer the
farmers a remunerative price *or growing .seed.
Your petitioners limber repiesent, that they have em-
ployed in buildings and machinery over half a million dol-
lars : that the crop of seed giown in the western States in
1857 amounted to about one and a half million bushels; but
thatstuce, it has been falling off, and is likely to be (hopped
from the list of staple ciops if not protected fiom the Milli-
ons competition ot imported seed. And further, that in the
past ievv yeais the business ot "breaking the flax-stiaw has
been earned to an extent deserving&ome consideianon, as
the material produced by such manufacture is used, not
alone foi making paper, but is much sought after by man-
ufacturers for the purpose of making hncn fabrics and
cordage ; but if flaxseed be cut offtrom the h«tof our crop-,
the business of breaking flax straw, now m its infancy but
promising such great le^ults, must ot course pensh.*'
Your petitioners would urge these facts upon your hon-
orable body as reasons why a duty should be placed upon
flaxseed or imseed equal to what it bore under the tariff
of 1846, provided any modification of the tariff be made at i
this session; or if not, that such measures should be taken I
by you as may be necessary to have a proper construction [
given to the act of 1857, anil that piotection given to your ■
petitioneis which they are entitled to under that act.
Farrott & Co., of Dayton,
James Barnett, of Springfield,
F. D. S. Whet-none & Co., of Cincinnati, Ohio,
g. Gebhart & Co., of Dayton,
M. Cassady, ot Miamisburg,
Burson & Evans, of Richmond, Indiana,
Cornuso & Barnes, of Delaware, Ohio,
Frazer &, Smith, of Tippecanoe, Ohio,
Steele, Lehman & Co., of Springfield,
Walters &. Cox, by Parrott &. Co.,
11. S Canly & Co., of Belfontame, Ohio,
Kcifer & Conover, of Dayton, Ohio,
Defrces & Shannon, of Piqua, Ohio,
D. L. C. & S. Bail, of Piqua, Ohio.
Mr. FLORENCE moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and, Mr. Hutchins
having taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr.
Washburn, of Wisconsin, reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union had
had under consideration thcUnion generally, and
particularly House bill No. 338, to provide for the
payment of outstanding Treasury notes, to au-
thorize a loan, to regulate and fix the duties on
imports, and for other purposes; and had come to
no conclusion thereon.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. JONES. I rise to a privileged question.
I sec, in the report of the proceedings of the
House of last Saturday, that House bill No. 374,
for the relief of the Missionary Society of the
Methodist Episcopal Church is stated as not hav-
ing been objected to. There is no report in the
Globe of any objection, and I understand from
the Cleric that he has no objection recorded. I
did make objection to that bill. 1 move that the
Journal be corrected in that regard; and I also
move to reconsider any legislation that was taken
in consequence of that error. I conceive it to be
the right of any member, whenever an error is
made in the official report of our proceedings, or
in the Journal of the House—a privilege of the
highest character—to have the error corrected. I
wish the motion entered. Perhaps I had better
withdraw the motion to correct the Journal, for
it may be that the motion to reconsider answers
all iny purposes.
Mr. CURTIS. I understand that there were
objections made, and that they are stated in the
Globe. Tho gentleman from New York [Mr.
Hoard] objected.
Mr. JONICS. I do not yield to the gentleman
to make a speech.
Mr. CURTIS. I rise to apoint of order. The
gentleman has no right to submit two motions at
the same time. That is my point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The? Chair holds
the point to be a good one.
Mr. JONES. I move to correct the Journal; and
I ask that that motion be entered on the Journal.
I shall argue to-morrow, it being now late, that,
the Journal being corrected, the legislation which
took place because of the error must fall, I hold
that because of the error the legislation that took
place is null and void ab initio.
Mr. CURTIS. I wish to place this matter right.
When the bill came up to which reference is made,
I was sitting where the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania now bits. The gentleman from NewYoik
["Mr. Hoard] distinctly objected to the bill, and
so the record shows. I asked him to withdraw
his objection. T told him 1 would consent to the
yeas and nays being taken on the question in the
House. He withdrew his objection. Afterwards
I persuaded him not to demand the yeas and nays.
I showed him that the claim had been fully con-
sidered, and that the committee were completely
satisfied that it ought to pass. The whole matter
was passed faiily. If the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Jones] objected, and his objection was not
heard, it is his misfortune. It is to the advantage
of Congress, perhaps, that the objection was not
heard. The gentleman made on Saturday, I think,
many unfoitunate objections.
Mr. JONES. I state, on my responsibility as
a member, that I did object to the bill. I can
prove that I did by reference to the gentleman
from Now York, whose name the gentleman has
indicated.
Mr. CURTIS. I do not controvert the gentle-
man's statement.
On motion of Mr. FLORENCE, (at ten min-
utes to six o'clock, p.m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 8, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT announced the ap-
pointment of Mr. Crittenden, Mr. Toombs, Mr.
Davis, Mr. Hamlin, Mr. Johnson of Tennessee,
Mr. Benjamin, and Mr. Grimes, the select com-
mittee on the bill (S. No. 428) for the ascertain-
ment and satisfaction of claims of American citi-
zens forspoliations committed by the French prior
to the year 1801.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Postmaster General, communi-
cating, in compliance with a resolution of the Senate
of March 9, 1859, information in relation to dead
letters, drop letters, and letters hold for postage
or postage not prepaid; which, on motion of Mr.
Pearce, was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Pie also laid before ?he Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Interior, communicating, incom-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate of March
9, 1859, a statement showing the amount due the
Choctaws, according to the principles of settle-
ment prescribed in that resolution; which, on mo-
tion of Mr. Brown, was referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
assistant clerk of the Court of Claims, returning,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate, the
papers in the case of James Pool; which were
referred to the Committee on Claims, under an
order made yesterday.
GEORGE FISHER.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-,
mentof the House of Representatives to the joint
resolution of the Senate (No. 8) relating to the
claim of George Fisher, late of Florida, deceased;
and on motion of Mr. IVERSON, it was
Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee on Claims.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BIGLER presented the petition of C. E.
Spangler and others, of Philadelphia, Pennsylva-
nia, remonstrating against the abolition of the
right of appeal from adverse decisions of the Com-
missioner of Patents; which was ordered to lie
on the table, a bill on that subject being now be-
fore the Senate.
Mr. LANE presented the memorial of a com-
mittee of the Boston Society of Natural History,
praying that Dr. Evans be authorized to procure
for the Government a meteorite, discovered by
him in Oregon; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Library.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented the petition ot
Charles R. Webster, late United States consul for
the Isthmus of Tehuantepec, praying compensa-
tion for lus services, and remuneration for bag
gage lost; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CIIESNUT presented a presentment ot
the grand jury of the United States district court,
at Charleston, South Carolina, in relation to the
condition of the court-house and jail at that place;
which was referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. HEMPHILL presented a memorial of cit-
izens of Texas praying the erection of a light-
house on or near the north breakers at the entrance
of the harbor of Galveston, and the restoration of
the light-vessel lately removed from the entrance
of that harbor; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of merchants ami others, citi-
zens of the District of Columbia, pravm? an extension oi
the jurisdiction of justices of the peace in the leeovery ot
debts, and the allowance of tees to justices of the peace in
cases for riots, assaults, &c.3 on the tiles of the Senate, be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
