1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1015
the gentleman shall have yielded the floor, I will
move to lay the motion to reconsider on the tabic.
Mr. LOVEJOY. If there is going to be any
objection to the motion to reconsider being en-
tered, I will ask that the bill be put upon its pas-
sage now; and I move the previous question.
'Mr. BRANCH. That cannot be done, as the
bill has been referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not before the
House.
Mr. GROW. The motion to reconsider is
pending; and the gentleman from Illinois moves
the previous question on it; winch he has a right
to do.
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman from Illinois
has yielded the floor now; and I move to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. GAllTRELL. On that, I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yoas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand, Mr. Speaker, that if the motion of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina prevails 
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Caiolina. I object to
debate; I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the mo-
tion prevails, the bill remains referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order. The
question is on the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. LOVEJOY. As 1 understand it, those who
want to kill the bill will vote "ay."
Mr. BRANCH. And those who want to dis-
cuss the bill, will vote in favor of laying on the
table the motion to reconsider, and let the bill
stand committed to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Does the gentleman
from Illinois combine with his motion a motion
to make the bill a special order in committee?
The SPEAKER. That motion would not be
in order.
Mr. GROW. The motion of the gentleman
from Illinois' is to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was referred.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois whether it is his intention to
put a bill of so much importance as this on its
passage without any discussion r
Mr. GROW. Of course he docs, if you will
not let us discuss it.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 68, nays 115; as follows:
YEAS—Me«<rs. Green Adams, Thomas L. Andprpon,
YVilham C. Anderson, Avery, Barksdale, BocockjBouhgny,
Branch, Biibtow, Binch, Burnett, John B. Clark.Clemen*,
Clopton, Cobb, Burton Craige, Crawford, Cuny, David-
son, Ecimund-on, Engl Mi, Ethendge, Gartreli. Gilmer.
Hamilton, Hardeman, J. Morrison Hairis, John T. fJarrisj
Hatton, Hill, Houston, Hughes-. Jackson. Jenkins. Jones,
.J.urn'- M. L< aeh, I,pake, Low, Mallnry, ElhertS. Mat tin,
Mavianl. McRae. Mile?, Mill-on. LabanT. .Moore, Syden-
ham Moore, Nel-on, Noell. IVuon. Phelps l'ryor, Pugh,
UtMsrun. Ilutfin, Smim?-. Smsleton. William Smith,Wliltam
N H Smith, St^vcnvon. Stoker, Taj lor. Thomas. Under-
W'V),1, Vaueo, Webster, Whitelev, Wmslow, and Wright
 r,i.
NAY:?—Messrs. Charles F. Adam*, Adrain, Aklrich,
Alley, n.ibbiit. Barret^ Bingham. Blair, Blake, Biab-on,
Bii:.'::-, Bulhuton, Buihps.ime, Buruham, Bunoughs,
Campbell, Care\. Ca>o, John Cochrane, Colfax, Conkhns,
Co i)i'i, Convin. Covod-s Janict Craig. Curtsy John (1.
D.ivi-, Daw.'?, Delano. liu^Il, Dunn. Eliot, Fa:nMvo>th,
Ferry. Fh-renee, Foster, French, (iooeh, Grow, Hall, Ha-
kim Hi lniick. Hickman, Hoard, Holman, Howard, Hum-
phry. Hut ohm-. Irvine, Junkin. Franew \V Kelloffc. Wil-
ham K0JI022. Ktlrore, Lurrahee. DeWitt C. Leach, L"p,
Lo^an, Lo:i'iurek.-i. Lovejoy, Mar-ton, McClornand. Mc-
K'-a:i, Melvnigut. MePheiMin, Mill waid, Montjromer},
Mooih'.'i'.d. MoiriU. Edwaid Joy .Morn<, l-aac N. Mom-,
Moi-o, Xihlack, Nixon. Olm, Pendleton, Perry, Poiter,
Poite,. Pottle, KevnohK, Hire', Kiui:-, Christopher Ilobm-
son. Jamo C. Hobm-on. ll>>yee, Schwartz, Scott. s?odiZ-_
wick. Sherman,.Somtv. Spauidinir, Spmner, Stanton. Ste-
ven-. William tfU'wait, Stout. Stiatton, Tappan, Thaver,
Tlvakei, Tompkm^, Tiain, Trimble, Yallandmluiui. Van
Wu k.Waklron.Walwn. Cadwalader C. Wa-libiuii. Elli'ui
15 W.i-hlmtne, Israel Wa-hbum, Well*. Wilson, Win-
dow, Wood, ami Woodruff—11.I.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid on the
tabic.
During the vote,
Mr. H VRRIS, of Virginia, stated that his col-
league, Mr. Born,eii, was confined to his bed by
indisposition, and had been for the last three or
four day*.
Air. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, stated that
3\tr. BriAvrtiK* wa< paired oil" with Air. SrKWAUT,
of Maryland.
Mr. JiURNHAM stated that, if he had been
j within the bar when his name was called, he
j would have voted " no."
| Mr. GURLEY (not being within the bar when
I his name was called) asked leave to vote.
Mr- PEYTON objected.
Mr. GURLEY stated that, if he had leave to
vote, he would vote " no."
Mr. LOOMIS stated that, if he had been within
the bar when his name was called, he would have
voted 44 no."
Mr. COX. 1 am paired with my colleague,
Mr. Edgerton; but, understanding from his
friends that his opinion coincides with mine on
this question, I vote " no."
| Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I desire to have
this bill kept in a position where it can be dis-
cussed andamended; and therefore I vote " ay."
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, stated that he was
paired off with Mr. Verree till next Monday.
The result of the vote was announced, as above.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I suppose there will
be no objection to having the bill printed, so that
members may have an opportunity of examining
it. I move that five hundred copies of the bill be
ordered to be printed. ?
Mr. CURTIS. Say a thousand.
Mr. PHELPS. Oh, no; let the usual number
be printed.
There being no objection, the bill was ordered
to be printed.
CHAPLAIN" TO THE HOUSE.
Mr. ADRAIN called for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER The regular order of busi-
ness is the election of a Chaplain; nominations
are now in order.
Mr. NIBLACK nominated Rev.B. H.Nadal,
of Washington city.
Mr. MAYNARD nominated Rev. George W.
Samson, of Washington city.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, nominated
Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
Mr. WHITELEY nominated Rev. J.Spencer
Ivennard, of Washington city.
Mr. ETHERIDGE nominated Rev. D. Ball.
Mr. ADRAIN nominated Rev. Robert David-
son, of New York.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, nominated
Rev. C. S. Macreadv.
Mr. FERRY nominated Rev. N. J. Cole.
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina, nominated
Rev. J. A. Proctor.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, nominated Rev.
S. G. Minor, of Illinois.
Mr. STEVENSON nominated Rev. Dr. But-
ler, of Washington city.
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia, nominated Rev.
Reuben Steele, of Lee county, Virginia, as one
who had devoted thirty-six yenrs of his life to the
| preaching of the gospel, and who would corneas
i near praying away the sins of the House as any
j clergyman.
| Mr. HUGHES nominated Rev. Mr. Morsel!,
! of Washington city, as an able, pious, and clo-
J quent divine, who was well known to every mem-
i ber of the House. He made the nomination on
his own responsibility, and without consulting
Mr. Morsell.
A Member on the Republican side of the
! House. I want to know the politics of your i
| nominee. [Laughter.]
; Mr. HUGHES. He has no politics. He is a,
, Christian. [Renewed laughter.] '
'■! Mr MOORE, of Kentucky, nominated Rev.
;s Mr. Spuiloek, i
!i Mr. BRANCH. I put in nomination the whole j
t| clergy of the District of Columbia. i
j! Several Members. That is right. j
: The SPEAKER. That nomination is too ex- ;
tensive. It covers too much ground. i
j! Mr. MONTGOMERY nominated Rev. A. |
j 1 Holmes, as a Methodist clergyman of great elo-J
quenee and ability, and one whom the House ^
I, would take pleasure in listening to. i
j' Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I move that the
;! nominations he now closed. j
i Mr. BURROUGHS nominated Rev. H.Ryon ;
■. Smith, of New York.
'! The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Schwartz,
Million*, Lee, and Ncl^ux, tellers, to count the
' VOteS.
Ii Mr. POTTER. I wish to nominate Rev. John
G. Fee, of Kentucky.
Mr. ELIOT. I should like to inquire if Rev.
Dr. Nadal, of Washington city, has been nom-
inated?
The SPEAKER. Thenominations will be read*
The Clerk read over the list of nominees.
Mr. BRIGGS. I wish to nominate the Jewish
Rabbi who officiated here the day the Speaker
was elected. I understand his name is Raphall.
I was pleased with his appearance. I should like
to see our Chaplain officiate in costume. I do
not know that I shall vote for him, though. Dr.
Nadal is my man.
Mr. JENKINS. I nominate Parson Brown-
low, of Tennessee. [Laughter.]
Mr. HINDMAN. I nominate the Rev. Byron
Sunderland, of this city.
Mr. STANTON. X wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman, whether he is authorized to say that Mr
Sunderland will accept the office?
Mr. HINDMAN. I am informed by friends
of his that they desire him to be elepted, if it is
1 the pleasure of the House. I do not know what
his individual wishes are.
Mr. STANTON. I would vote for him if I
thought he would serve.
Mr. HINDMAN. I hope the gentleman will
vote for him, then, for I think he will accept.
Mr. KILGORE. I move to postpone this elec-
tion until the 1st day of July next. [Loud cries
of "No!" " No."]
Mr McKNIGHT. Ihopethatwillnotbedone
We shall have all these gentlemen here election-
eering Let us get rid of the matter at once.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am requested to putin
nomination the Rev. A. Beach Carter, of Yon-
kers. Now York.
j Mr. KILGORE. I will simply remark, in sup-
J port of my motion, that there are at least a dozen
j men placcd in nomination who are residents of
I this city. I am satisfied that we shall spend three
1 or four days in balloting. [Loud cries of " Oh,
no!"] Gentlemen say, "Oh, no!" Iamsatisfied
that such will be the result; and if, after postpon-
ing the election until the beginning of July, we
adopt a resolution similar to the one adopted in
the last Congress, we shall have the services of
all these gentlemen, and the friends of each will
be satisfied. That is my reason for making the
proposition.
Mr. PEYTON demanded tellers on the motion
to postpone
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffinton
\ and Bp„antch were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 56, noes 87.
So the House refused to postpone the election
Mr. MAYNARD I took the liberty of nom-
inating a very worthy and respectable clergyman
of this city for the office of Chaplain,'without any
conference with him, and without his knowledge
or privity. After what has transpired, I do not
deem it proper to continue his name in nomin-
ation; and 1 withdraw the name of Dr. Sam-4
son.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. ' The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Florence] has put in
nomination a clergyman from the State of New
York. I should like him to explain the denom-
ination and religious character of the gentleman
whom be has nominated. State pride would induce
me to vote for him, if not objectionable: and 1 hope
the House will listen to an exposition from my
friend from Pennsylvania. I presume the House
is not inclined, on this occasion, to be as disor-
derly as an ecclesiastical synod, and will afford
me the means of casting my vote intelligibly. I
appeal to the gentleman from Pennsylvania to state
the position of his nominee.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I object.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to make a suggestion m rela-
tion to this matter. [Cries of " Object!"] I trust
i that consent will be given, to let us know who all
! the gentlemen are who have been placed in nom-
^ ination. There is a very long catalogue of norn-
| inees; and the names will hardly be remembered,
I unless gentlemen who have placed clergymen in
| nomination are allowed briefly to state what their
j antecedents are. [Loud cries of "Object!" and ,
: *• Order!"]
j The SPEAKER. It is objected to.
! Mi. FLORENCE. Then, if that privilege is
i not accorded me, I withdraw the name ofthegen-
1 tleman I hove nominated. I should have been glad
