1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1959
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Air. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. G99) to amend
an act regulating the diplomatic and consular
system of the United States, in which the con-
currence of tlie Senate was requested.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message farther announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed an enrolled bill (H. R.
No. 3G8) to provide payment for depredations
committed by the whites on the Shawnee Indians
of Kansas Territory; and it was signed by the
Vice President.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
433) giving the consent of Congress to the deep-
ening of certain rivers and channels in the Gulf
of Mexico within the jurisdiction of the State of
Mississippi, and the levying of tonnage duty on
shipping to maintain the same; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. THOMSON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 427)
for the relief of Eveline Porter, widow of the late
Commodore Porter, deceased, reported it without
amendment, and that it ought not to pass.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Reuben Clough,play-
ing to be allowed arrears of pension, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 430) for
the relief of Reuben Clough. The bill was read,
and passed to a second reading, and the report
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred ilie petition of Jane W. Brent, widow
of Thomas Lee Brent, late a captain and assistant
quartermaster in the Army, praying to be allowed
a pension, submitted an adverse report; which
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Anna Mitchell, widow
of Darius Mitchell, a soldier in the revolutionary
war. praying to be allowed a pension, submitted
an adverse report; which was ordered to be
printed.
Pie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Catharine Hagic,
widow of John Ilagic, a volunteer under General
La Fayette, in the revolutionary war, praying a
pension, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. IVER.SON, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of C. L. West
and other public employes,praying that the bene-
fits of the acts passed August 31,1832, and April
22, 1854, giving an addition of twenty percent,
to certain limited salaries, may be extended, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
431) for the relief of C. L. "West and others. The
bill was read, and passed too second reading; and
the report was ordered to bo printed.
Pie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Chandler S. Emory,
administrator of Calvin Read, deceased, praying
payment for pine trees sold to the United States
for the erection of a fort at Mandarin, Florida,
submitted a report accompanied by a bill (S. No.
432) for the relief of Chandler S. Emory, sole
survivingadmimstrator of Calvin Read, of Duval
county, Florida. The bill was read, and passed
to a second reading; and the report was ordered
to be printed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hates. Chief Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills;
wlncli thereupon received the signature of the
Yicc President:
An act ^S. No. 55) for the relief of Tilman
Leak;
An aet (S. No. 70) lor the relief of George
Stealey;
An act (S.No. 240) to authorize the issuance of
patents, m the name of James S. Douglas, upon
certain land entries made at Chockchuma;
An act (8. No. 150) for the relief of Madison
Sweetzer;
An act (S. No. 119) for the relief of A. M. Mit-
chell, late colonel of the Ohio volunteers in the
Mexican war;
An act (S. No. 56) for the relief of Richard W.
Meade;
An act (S. No. 57) for the relief of David D.
Porter;
An act (S.No. 192) authorizing the corporation
of Washington city to make a loan and issue
stock for §200,000 for building a market-house.
A resolution (S. No. 7) foV the relief of the
legal representatives of John A. Frost, deceased;
and
A resolution (S. No. 16) authorizing Captains
William L. Hudson and Joshua R. Sands to ac-
cept certain testimonials awarded to them by the
Government of Great Britain.
ECLIPSE OF TIIE SUN.
Mr. PEARCE. I have been directed by the
Joint Committee on the Library, to whom were re-
ferred the memorial of the officers of the American
Philosophical Society of Philadelphia, the petition
of the Boston Board of Trade, of the American
AcademyofArts and Sciences, the Board of Trade
of Baltimore, and of various other commercial and
scientific bodies in our country, praying that the
Superintendent of the Coast Survey may be di-
rected to send observers to the mostsuitable point
on the Atlantic coast, to observe the eclipse of the
sun, which will occur on the 18th of July next,
to report a joint resolution, which I send to the
Chair; and which, as I suppose there can be no
objection to it, I ask the Senate to consider now.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
(S. No. 35) providing for the observation of the
cclipse of the sun, which will occur oil the 18th
day of July next, was read twice, and considered
as in "Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
direct the Superintendent of the Coast Survey to
furnish a vessel and provisions for the conveyance
to the most suitable point on the eastern coast of
this continent, for observing the total cclipse of
the sun on the 18th of July next, of astronomers
not exceeding five in number, and their assistants,
to be selected by the Superintendent of the Coast
Survey, with a proviso that the United States
shall notbe liable to any charge on account ot these
astronomers and their assistants, other than their
conveyance and provisions, and that they shall
furnish their observations for the use of the Coast
Survey, without further charge to the Govern-
ment.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, the total cclipse
of the sun, which will occur on the 18th day of
July, begins on the western side of this conti-
nent, near Steilacoom, or Olympia, in Washing-
ton Territory. It then passes in a northeasterly ;
ducction, its central path being by FortColvillc i
and Lake Winnipeg, &c., and leaves the conti- !
nent near Cape Chudloigh, on the coa^t of Lab-
rador. Itthen inclines to the southeast,and strikes
the continent of Europe at the peninsula of Spam,
passing through the Balearic Islands, and o\er to
the north coast of Africa. The Governments of
Europe, very generally, and withgreatconhaiity,
have agreed'to furnish the means of making the
necessary observations at different points m the
Old World, and it is due to the cause of science,
and to our own interests, that we should provide
for similar observations on this continent. These
observations will furnish the means of correcting
the lunar tables and determining more accurately
the longitude of various important points on our
shores. Indeed, these observations belong to a
geodetic survey, and entered into the original plan
I of the Coast Survey. They were expressly pro-
i vided for by law; and by subsequent regulations
i it has been directed that the Coast Survey shall
! connect the longitudes of this country with those
j best determined m Europe. Of course, the Coast
! Survey will make these observations within the
i territory of the United States, but they have no
i authority to go beyond it for that purpose. It is
! important that they should be authorized to do so,
I inasmuch as it would furnish very important means
! of determining accurately our longitudes, and of
: correcting the lunar tables, as I have stated, and
because it is required by law that the true positions
i of all the prominent capes and headlands, and of
i other important points on our coast, should be
! determined and delineated on our Coast Survey
| maps. The Coast Survey has a vessel at com-
I mand. No appropriation is asked for, because
the cost will be but small—about fifteen hundred
dollars, it is estimated; and having a suitable ves-
sel at hand, this small sum of money can readily
be taken from the general appropriations made
for the Coast Survey'. I take it for granted there
will be no objection to an object so important as
this, and costing so little.
Mr. BROWN. I have a little distrust of a prop-
osition of this kind. In the first instance, I think
it is very much better that these observations
should be left to scientific men, without the Gov-
ernment meddling with them in anyway. I think
by that course they will be better done and more
satisfactorily to the scientific world. If these gen-
tlemen are sent out, however, I do hope they will
not bring us back a book. 1 recollect that some
years ago we had a very innocent proposition,
starting very much like this, to send out an expe-
dition to Chili, I think, to determine the parallax
or the sun, which was to cost us $5,000; but when
we got through I think it summed up very near
half a million, including the cost of printing
books that had pictures of bugs, snakes, lizards,
and things of that sort. I he>pe that, if these gen-
tlemen are sent out, they will at least not inflict
a book upon us when they come back.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I apprehend*
there is no idea that these astronomers will write,
for publication by the Government, any large
books on this subject; and if any books should Be
written (jy these scientific gentlemen, Congress
will have it in its power to prevent their publica-
tion by their authority and at their cost. The
whole'matter will be within our control*, but I
think there is not the slightest cause for this ap-
prehension. These gentlemen are not great book
writers. They are astronomers. Of course they
will take all the observations of the eclipse which
it is possible to take during the very brief time
allowed by the cclipse. They will go, if this
resolution passes, in a Coast Survey vessel—the
whole period of their absence being about six
weeks: and as they will only be at sea, and on the
coast of Labrador, 1 apprehend they will not find
a great deal to describe—certainly not enough to
write a large book about; and I am sure the cost
to the Government will be little more than the
provisioning of the vessel. She would be em-
ployed on our own coast if she were not sent to
Labrador. I hope there will be no objection on
the score of expense. There is no idea on my
part, and cannot be on the part of the scientific
gentlemen who may be in the expedition, of mak-
ing great hooks on natural history, or any other
bulky works. The observations will be printed,
as they ought to be, along with the general report
of the Coast Survey, and probably in separate
pamphlets; but there can be no such abuses as
the Senator seems to apprehend. If the Senator
knows any thingaboutthis subject, he would know
that a small pamphlet would contain all the ob-
servations. These will be furnished to the Gov-
ernment without further cost, as provided by the
resolution.
Mr. BROWN. Is it certain that there will be
no pictures of bugs, or snakes, or anything of the
sort?
Mr. IYERSON. I rise to ask the Senator from
Maryland whether these philosophers, or astron-
omc rf. arc to belong to the Army or the Navy of
the United States; or whether theyaretobe taken
from the civil list and sent at the expense of the
Government?
Air. PEARCE. The resolution provides that
not exceeding five astronomers, with their assist-
ants, shall go, and they are to be selected by the
Superintendent of the Coast Survey. _ 1 have rea-
son to believe that certain civilians will be invited
to go. The probability is, that a great many as-
tronomers would like to go, more than could be
accommodated; and, therefore, I limited the num-
ber to five, to prevent too great a crowd being
gathered together.
Mr. IVERSON. As I am one of those who do
not believe this Government has power to estab-
lish any such institution, I call for the yeas and
nays on this cjuestion3 in order that I may record
my vote against the proposition. I consider it
nothing more than an offshoot of old Whiggery
to ask this Government to take money out of the
Treasury for the purpose of paying for scientific
researches. We have no more right to do that
than we have to set up a book concern, or estab-
lish any other branch of business. I do not think
