1016
THE CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
March 6,
to respond to the Invitation o*f the gentleman from
New York.
Mr. ADRAIN. I withdraw the nomination of
Mr. Davidson.
Mr. H IN DM AN". I am informed by friends
of Dr. Sunderland that he does not desire to be
voted for for Chaplain. 1 therefore withdraw his
nomination.
The House then proceeded, in execution of its
order, to vote viva voce for Chaplain of the House
for the Thirty-Sixth Congress, with the follow-
ing result; Wnole number of votes, 189; necessary
to a choice, 95; of which—
Rev. Mr. Proctor received  41
Rev. Mr. Ball 41
Rev. Mr. Stockton   34
Kev.Mr. Nadal.,. 14
Rev. Mr. Fee  9
Rev. Mr. Morsel!.....  8
Rev. Mr. Dcmpsey  ; 8
Rev. H. Ryon Smith *    7
Rev. Mr.Kejinard  6
Rev. Mr. Cone   4
Rev. Mi. Butler 3
Rev. Mr- Spurloek 2
Rev. William A. Smith . 2
Rev. Mr. Chapin    2
Rev. Mr. Macready.  3
Rev. Mr.'Mmer 1
Rev. Mr. Steele 1
Rev. Mr. Sunderland   l
Rev. Mr. Holmes  1
Rev. Mr. Davidson  1
Rev. Mr. Beecher  [
Rev. Mr. Brown    1
So there was no election
The following is the vote in detail:
For Rev. Mr. Proctor—Messrs. Thomas L. Anderson,
Avery, Barksdale, Branch, Bristow, Burnett, John B.
Clark, Clopton, Cobb, Crawford, Burton Craige, Curry,
Fouke, Gartrell, Hardeman, Hatton, Hill, Houston, Jack-
son, Jones, James M. Leach, Maynard, Mallory, Millson,
Sydenham Moore, Noell, Peyton, Pryor, Push, Reagan,
Rifffin, Swims, Singleton, William N. H. Smith, Stokes,
Thomas, Underwood, Vallandigham, Vance, and Wins-
low.
For Rev. Mr. Ball—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Gre >n Ad-
ams, Alley, William C. Anderson, Blake, Bnggs, Buffmton,
Burlingame, Burnham, Carey, Case, Coopei, J>ue!l, Ether-
idge, Frcnch, Goocb, Gurley, Halo, J. Moirison Harris,
Heimiek, Howard, Hnmphrev, Hutehins, Irvine, Kilgoie,
Marston, Morrill, Morse, Nelson, Ohn, Perry, Revnolds,
Sheiinan, Somes, Stour, Stratton, Theaker, Toiupkins,
Van Wyck., Weils, and Trimble.
For Rev. Mr. Stockton—Messrs. Aldrich, Bingham, Blair,
Campbell, Cdrwin, Colfax, Covodo, Cox, Delano, Dunn,
Foster, Grow, Hall, Hickman, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg,
James M. Leach, Longnecker, Lee, McKean, McKnight,
Millvvard, Moorhead, Edward Joy Morris, Porter, Royce,
William Stewart, Sehwartz, Ellihu B. Washburne, fsrael
Washburn, Webster, Wilson, Wood, and Mr. Speaker. -
For Rev. Mr. Nadal—Mes>rs. Adrain, Clemens, John
Cochrane, Covode, Curtis, John G. Davis, Eliot, English,
Florence, llawkins, Macl.iy, McPherson, Niblaek, and
Stevens.
For Rev. Mr. Fee—Messrs. Ashley, Dawes, Potter, Chris-
topher Robinson, Sedgwick, Tappan, Train, Waldron, and
Walton.
Fcr Rev. Mr. Morsell—Messrs. Boyce, II. Winter Davis,
Hughes, Charles i>. Martin, Miles, Pendleton, Rice, and
Taylor.
For Rev. Mr. Dcmpsey—Messrs. Boeock, Davidson, Ed-
•mundson, Jenkins, Leake, Love, Scott, William Smith,
and Wright.
For Rev. II. Ryon Smith—Messrs. Babbitt, Burroughs,
Conkling, Hoard, Pottle, and Spinner.
For Rev. Mr. Kennard—Messrs. Brabson, Ilolman, Mc-
Clernand, Nixqp, James C. Robinson,and Whiteley.
For Rev. Mr. Cone—Messrs. Ferry, Loomis, Montgom-
ery, and Woodruff. °
lor Rev. Mr. Butler—Messrs. Bouligny, Burch, and
Stevenson.
For Rev. Mr. Spurloek—Messrs. Laban T. Moore, and
Thayer. '
For Rev. William A. Smith—Messrs. Hindman and Me-
Rae.
For Rev. Mr. Chapin—Messrs. Ilaskin and Cadwalader
C. Washburn.
For Rev. Mr. Mncready—Mr. Lovejoy.
For Rev. Mr. Miner—Mr. William Kellogg.
For Rev. Mr. Steele—Mr. Elbert S. Martin.
For Rev. Mr. Sunderland—Mr. Windom.
For Rev. Mr. Holmes—Mr. Kiggs.
For Rev. Mr. Davidson— Mr. Adrain.
For Rev. Mr. Beecher—Mr. Farnsworth.
For Rev. Mr. Brown—Mr. John T. Harris.
During the vote, the following proceedings took
place:
_ Mr. COBB. I voted for Mr. Kennard, a Bap-
tist minister; but i afn perfectly satisfied that the
Baptists have no show here; i therefore change
my vote, and vote for a Methodist, Mr. Proctor.
A large number of gentlemen on both sides of
the House changed their votes.
Mr. BRANCH. I ask the attention of the
House for a moment, to make a suggestion. I
think we shall all agree that this scene should con-
tinue as short, a time as possible. We have now
an opportunity to know who are the strongest
candidates on the respective sides; and my prop-
osition to the House is this: that I shall be per-
mitted to offer a resolution declaring a particular
gentleman Chaplain; that the other side shall be
permitted to offer an amendment, proposing to
substitute another name for it; that then the pre-
vious question shall be called, and that this matter
shall be settled by two votes.
Air. FARNSWORTH. I object to that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest that we-take the
two highest candidates, whoever they are, and
vote for them.
Mr. Mcknight, i object to that.
Mr. BRANCH. The difficulty is, that we can-
not prevent gentlemen voting for who they please.
The SPEAKER. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina is objected to.
Mr. BRANCH. I do not press it. I see that
it is objected to; and it can only be-done by unan-
imous consent.
Several Members asked leave to change their
votes.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that it would be better to take another vote. No
result can be attained by this continual changing
of votes. The Chair hears no objection to that
course This vote is therefore closed.
Mr. KlLGORE. I move that the election be
postponed until the first Monday in December
next.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
until the result of the vote has been announced.
Mr. KlLGORE. I understood the Speaker to
announce that the vote was terminated.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to change my
vote.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order. The Chair
understands that, by unanimous consent, another
vote is to be taken, and that no further changes
on this vote are to be allowed.
The result of the vote was then announced, as
above recorded.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that whoever gets
the largest number of votes on the next ballot
shall be declared elected Chaplain of this House.
Members on both sides objected.
The SPEAKER. That proposition can only
be entertained by unanimous consent, and objec-
tion is made by members from all sides.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move that Mr. Proctor
be declared Chaplain of the House by acclama-
tion.
Mr. McKNIGrHT. I move to amend by sub-
stituting the name of Mr. Stockton.
Mr. CLEMENS. I favor that amendment.
[Cries of "Object!" "Object!"]
The SPEAKER. The proposition cannot be
entertained, objection being made.
_ Mr. KlLGORE. I move that the further con-
sideration of this subject be postponed until De-
cember next.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I object. The
motion is not in order unless by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us have a vote between
the two who have had the highest number of
votes on the last ballot
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. All these prop-
ositions are out of order; for, sir, the House has
agreed, by unanimous consent, to take another
vote. It is, therefore—that order having been
made by the House—not in order to move for a
postponement
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order. The House agreed that another vote
should be taken, and all other propositions are out
of orderunless by unanimous consent. [Cries of
" Call the roll!" " Let us vote !"]
Mr. KlLGORE. I take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. RUFFIN. I never heard of the under-
standing that is referred to.
The SPEAKER. It was the understanding, and
because of that understanding gentlemen ceased
to change their votes. It was distinctly stated,
and, as the Chair believes, distinctly agreed to.
Mr. KlLGORE. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair. I moved thatthe further consideration
of this question be postponed until next Decem-
ber, upon which the gentleman from Maine raised
a question of order, that the motion I made was
not in order because the House had agreed by
unanimous consent to take another vote. I insist
that my motion is in order, and I therefore take
an appeal from the decision of the Chair sustain-
ing thepoint of order raised by the gentleman from
Maine.
Mr. BOCOCK. I move that that appeal be laid
upon the table.
The motion was agreed to
SECOND TOTE FOR CHAPLAIN.
The House proceeded the second time to vote for
Chaplain, with the following result: Whole num-
ber of votes cast, 189, necessary to a choice, 95;
of which—
Rev. Mr. Stockton received Ill
Rev. Mr. Proctor ."  70
Rev. Mr. Ball       2
Rev. Mr. Morsell   2
Rev. Mr. Fee  2
Rev. Mr. Nadal        1
Rev. Mr. Kennaid  1
The foliosving is the vote in detail:
For Rev. Mr. Stockton—Messrs. Charles F. Adams,
Adrain, Aldrieh, Alley, William C. Anderson, Babbitt,
Bingham, Blair, Blake, Briggs, Bufiinton, Burlingame,
Burnham, Bunoughs, Campbell, Carey, Case, Clemens,
Colfax, Conklinjr, Cooper, Convm, Covode, Cox, Curtis,
John G. Davis, Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Eliot, Eth-
eridge, Farnsworth, Feny, Florence, Foster, French,
Gooch, Grow, Gurley, Hale, Hall, J. Morrison Harris, Has-
kin, Helinick, Hiekman, Hoard, Howard, Humphrey,
Hutehms, Irvine, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, William
Kellogg, Larrabee, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Longnecker,
Loomis, Lovejoy, Maclay, Mallory, Marston, Charles D.
Martin, McClernand, McKean, MeKnight, Mcpherson,
Millvvard, Montgomery, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy
Morris, Morse. Nixon, Olin, Perry, Porter, Pottle, Rey-
nolds, Rice,Christopher Robinson, Royce, Schwartz, Sedg-
wick, Sherman, Somes, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton,
Stevens, William Stewart, Stout, Stratton, Theaker,Tomp-
kins, Train, Trimble, Van Wyck, Waldron, Walton, Cad-
walader C.Washbum, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Wash-
burn, Webster, Wells, Wilson, Windom, Wood, Woodruff,
and Mr. Speaker.
For Rev. Mr. Proctor—Messrs. Thomas L. Anderson,
Avery, Baiksdale, Bocock, Bouligny, Boyce, Brabson,
Branch, Bristow, Burch, Burnett* John B. Clark, Clopton,
Cobb, John Cochrane, James Craig, Button Craigp, Craw-
ford, Curry, Davidson, Edmundson, English, Fouke, Gar-
trell, Haideman, John T. Harris, Hatton, Hill, Hindman,
Houston, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Kilgore, James M.
Leach, Leake, Logan, Love, Elbert S. Martin, Majnard,
Mellae, Miles, Millson, Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Moore,
Nelson, Niblaek, Noel], Pendleton, Peyton, Pryor, Pugh,
Reagan, Riggs, James C. Robinson, Rutfln, Scott, Singleton,
William Smith, William N. H. Smith, Stevenson, Stokes,
Thomas, Underwood, Vallandigham, Vance, Whiteley,
Winslow, and Wright.
For Rev. Mr. Ball—Me&srs. Green Adams and Thayer.
For Rev. Mr. Morsell—Messrs. Hughes and Taylor.
For Rev. Mr. Fee—Messrs. Potter and Tappan.
For Rev. Mr. Nadal—Mr. Hawkins.
For Rev. Mr. Kennard—Mr. Liolman.
Pending the above call,
Mr. WHITELEY moved that the House do
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. No motion ig in order pend-
ing a division of the House
Mr. EDMITNDSON withdrew the name of Mr
Dempsey as a candidate.
Mr. ROBINSON, of Rhode Island, stated that
his colleague, Mr. Brayton, was paired with Mr
Stewart, of Maryland
Mr. FLORENCE said that he would change
from the gentleman for whom he before voted, and
vote for Mr. Stockton, whom he understood to be
a pure and pious man and a good Bible Christian.
Mr. MARTIN, dfVirginia, withdrew the name
of Mr. Steele, and voted for Mr. Proctor, whom
he understood to be a Constitution and Union-lov-
ing man, and a sectarian in no sense of the word.
Mr. MONTGOMERY withdrew the name of
Mr. Holmes, and voted for Mr. Stockton.
Mr. NIBLACK withdrew the name of Mr.
Nadal.
Mr. ETHERIDGrE said that he was satisfied
Mr. Ball could not be elected, and he therefore
changed his vote to Mr. Stockton
Mr. CONKLING said that, fearing there was
no chance of Mr. Beecher being elected, he would
vote for Mr. Stockton
The vote was then announced, as above re-
corded.
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Washburn,
ofMaine,inthe chair) declared Rev.Thomas H.
Stockton d«ly elected Chaplain of the House of
Representatives for the Thirty-Sixth Congress.
VISIT TO MOUNT VERNON.
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the
House the following1 communication:
"The members and officers of the House of Representa-
tives are invited to accompany the Mount Vernon. Ladies'
Association on a special trip to the home of Washington,
being the first \ iait made by the association since the place
became their pioperty, and that of the nation. A steamer
