1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1017
will leave the usual wharf, near the Potomac bridge, on j
Wednesday, 7tli March, at three o'clock, p. m., and return i
the same evening." |
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust that the invitation of j
the ladies of the Mount Vernon Association will j
be accepted by the House; and that its acceptance j
be entered upon our Journal. At half past two
o'clock, p. m., to-morrow, any gentleman can
move to adjourn; and then as many of us as de-
sire can accompany the association, and take part
in the first formal visit to the tomb of Washing-
ton since it has becomc the property of the nation.
The motion was agreed to.
MILEAGE |SILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of the business upon the
Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKERpro tempore. The first business
in order is a bill (II. R. No. 63) to amend an act
entitled "An act to regulate the compensation of
members of Congress," passed August 16th, 1856;
and to repeal so much of said act, or of other acts,
as allows mileage to Senators,Representatives, and
Delegates in Congress. The question is on the
passage of the bill as amended; and on that ques-
tion the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] has
demanded the previous question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question in order to enter the motion
to reconsider. As I desire to have this bill passed
this evening, and as I have the right to speak an
hour upon it, being the reporter of the bill to the
House, I will yield to gentlemen who have ob-
jections to the bill, to make short speeches stating
their objections. After the motion to recommit
is entered, I renew the call for the previous ques-
tion. If any gentleman wants to make a speech
against the bill, I will yield for that purpose.
* Several Members. Let us pass the bill with-
out further debate. „
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman from Ohio yield for an amendment,
repealing all.laws allowing mileage?
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill is now on its pas-
sage, and is beyond the point when amendment
is in order. [Cries of "Call the priJVious ques-
tion"1] I do call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
The motion to recommit was disagreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question
recurs now on the passage of the bill, as amended.
Mr. MAYNARD demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 155, nays 21; as follows:
yeas—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
rain, Aldncli, Allen, Alley, Thomas L. Anderson, William
C. Andeison, Ashley, Averv, Balibitt, Barksdale, Barrett,
Dimhain. Blair, Blake, Bocock. Brab^on, Branch, Briggs,
Bristow . Bufiiuton. 15urlingame, Burnett, Burnlmm, Camp-
bell, Caiey, Case, John 11. Ol.ark, Clemens, Clopton. Cobb,
Cohax, Conkling, Covode. Cox, James Craie, Burton
Crate, Ciawford, Currv, Curtis. Dawes, Delano, Duel!,
Dunn. Edmilndson, Eliot, Ethendge, Farnsvrorth, Ferry,
Fostei, French. Gartreil, Gilmer, Gooeh, Grow, Gurley,
Hale, Hall. Hardeman, J. Morrison Harris, JohnT. Harris,
Iia-km, Ilatton, Helmiek, Hickman, Hoard, Holmon,
Houston, Howard, Hughes, Humphrey, Hutchins, Irvine,
Jackson, Jenkins, Jones. Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg,
William Kellogg, De Witt C. Leaeli, James M. Leach, Lee,
Longnecker. Loomis, Love. Lovejoy, Maclay, Mallory,
Mar-ton, Charles I) Martin, Elbert S. Martin, Maynard,
MeKean, Me Knight, Millson, Millwaril, Laban T. Moore,
Sydenham Moore, Moorhead,Morrill, Edward Joy Morris,
Nixon, Noell, Ohn, Pendleton, Terry, Peyton. Phelps, Por-
ter, Potter, l'ottie. Pijoi, Pugh. Keynolds, Rice, Kiggs.
Chri-toiiherRobinson, Roi ce. Kuffin, Schwartz, Sedgwick,
Sherman, William Smith, William N". H. Smith, Somes,
Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, Stevenson, William
Stewart, tftokes, Stratton, Theaker, Thomas, Tompkins,
Train, Trimble, Underwood, Vallandigham, Vance, % an
"Wyck, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn. El-
lihn B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Webster, Wells,
Wilson, Wmdom, Winslow, Wood, Woodruff, and
Wright—)55.
NAYS—Messrs. Bouligny, Burch, Cooper, John G. Da-
vis. Florence, Fonke, Hill, Ilintlman, lvilgore, Larrabee,
McClernand, McRae, Miies, Nelson, Niblack, Reagan,
James C. Robinson, Scott, Singleton, Stout, and Taj-
lor—21.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the above call,
Mr. HUTCHINS stated that his colleague,
Mr. Edgerton, was paired with his colleague,
Mr. Cox; and that if his colleague, Mr. Edger-
to\", were present to vote, he would vote in the
affirmative.
Mr. GARNETT stated that if he were not
paired with Mr. Frank, he would vote in the
affirmative.
Mr. LANDRTJM stated that he was paired
with%lr. Carter.
Mr. LARRABEE said:"Mr. Speaker, I am in
favor of a proper modification of the mileage law,
but I am opposed to this bill.
Mr. TAYLOR stated that his colleague, Mr,
Davidson, was paired off with Mr. Thayer.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM said; Mr. Speaker,
I regard this bill, both in its idea and its "geo-
graphical line," as one of those transient " hum-
bugs" which every now and then afflict a legis-
lative assembly. As "mileage," or traveling
expenses proper, it will give me too much, (about
two hundred and fifty dollars, while I can come
here and return home for forty dollars.) If it is
meant to be a part of general compensation, I re-
ceive, in common with others, little enough now.
The mileage ought either to remain about as it is
or be cut off altogether. But the Senate has had
its "humbug;" the House must have its; and,
inasmuch as this bill involves no great public
principle, and affects 'no one except myself or
other members of the House or of the Senate, I
yield just this much to the influences operating
here to pass it, and vote "ay."
Mr. STOUT said: Mr. Speaker, I voted for this
bill under the impression that it deprived mem-
bers from the Pacific coast of all compensation;
but, as I find that I was mistaken, I now change
my vote, and vote " no."
Mr. McPHERSON said: Mr. Speaker, I was
detained by a constituent, and did not arrive in
the Hall until a moment or two after my name
was called. If I had been present, I would have
voted for the bill.
The vote was then announced, as above re-
corded.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend the title
of the bill, so that it willread, "Anact toregulate
the mileage of members of Congress."
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
OREGON AND WASHINGTON WAR DEBTS.
Mr. GURLEY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to submit the following reso-
lution :
Resoked. That one thousand extra copies of the report
of the Third Auditor of the Treasury, in pursuance of a
resolution of the House, passed February 8, 1859, in rela-
tion to the claims of Oregon and Washington Territory for
expenses incurred in repelling'Indian hostilities, be printed
for the use of the House.
I calf-for the previous question on the adoption
of the resolution.
Mr. STOUT. I desire to know if it has not
already been ordered to be printed?
Mr. GURLEY. This is the motion to print
one thousand extra copies.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I would ask whether,
under the rules of the House and without any
resolution, one copy for each member will not be
printed ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. There will be.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Then what necessity for
this extra number of copics? It strikes me that
it is a useless expense to the Government.
Mr. STANTON. My colleague [Mr. Gurlet]
has withdrawn the previous question, to enable
me to make an explanation. This is a report upon
the Orpgon and Washington war debt, which
amounts to $6,000,000, as analyzed by the Third
Auditor of the Treasury. The Committee on
Military Affairs have frequent applications for
copies of that report. It is a very important one,
involving a very large amount of money. The
Third Auditor also has applications for this re-
port, and the Committee on Military Affairs in-
structed me to report this resolution to the House;
under the rules, it went to the Committee on
Printing, and they make this report. The docu-
ment is already in type, and the extra copies will
cost but a trifle.
Mr. MAYNARD. What is the size of the
document'
Mr. GURLEY. One hundred and thirty-two
pages.
Mr. BARKSDALE. How much will these
extra copies cost the Government? And in addi-
tion to that, I desire to know who applied for this
report?
Mr. STANTON. I will say to the gentleman
from Mississippi, that applications are made by
persons interested in the Oregon and "Washington
claims—persons who desire to inform themselves
about the character of those claims. It is a matter
of very great importance, involving a very large
sum of money; and I hope the resolution will be
adopted.
Mr. GURLEY. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and die
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the resolution was adopted.
Mr. GURLEY moved to„ reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and' also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OF BILL AND KEPORT.
Mr. GURLEY, from the Committee on Print-
ing, rpported the following resolution:
Resolved, That five hundred extra copies of the bill of the
House No. 114, "further to provide for the safety of pas-
sengers on vessels propelled in whole or in part by steam,"
and the accompanying report, Jtfo. 9, be printed for the use
of the House.
Mr. GURLEY called the previous question.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Ohio what the size of the book
will be ?
Mr. GURLEY. It is only a bill and report.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then there is no
objection.
The main question was ordered to be j?ut;and
under the operation thereof, the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. GURLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SPECIAL COMMITTEES, ETC.
Mr. HOARD obtained the floor.
Mr. BRANCH. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. HOARD. I have the floor, and cannot
yield to that motion. I desire to offer a resolu-
tion.
Mr. GROW. I desire to inquire if the first
business in the morning will not be a vote upon
the homestead bill? I want the House to under-
stand the matter.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. In reference to
that bill, a motion to reconsider is pending, and
it can be called up at any time.
Mr. HOARD. I desire to offer what I con-
sider to be a privileged resolution; and I will send
it to the desk to be read, to see whether the Chair
will decide that it is privileged. If he shall not
so decide, then I will call the attention of the
House to the action of the last Congress upon a
similar resolution.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to know
who has the floor? There are so many standing
up, I cannot tell.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Gentlemen will
take their seats, and preserve order.
Order being restored, the Clerk read the res-
olution, as follows;
Whereas a Representative from the State of Pennsylva-
nia. Mr. IIickman. did, on the 12th dny of December last,
on the floor of this House, make the following statement:
<•' Mr. Buchanan could not purchase me, so I cannot be
purchased by others. I have already been offered more than
I am worth, and rejused to sell myself at thatand on the
same day, Mr. Haskin, a Representative from the State of
New York, on the llooroftbis House, made the following
statement: In answer to this [a charge of being one of a
mercenary band] let me say that no one knows better than
Mr- Buchanan himself the niter falsehood of this charge:for
he endeavored. by threats and by seductions of his patronage,
vAihout effect, to draw true men avay from the path of duty;"
and on the 14th day of December last. Mr. Adr.uk, a Rep-
resentative from New Jersey, on the floor of tins House,
made the following statement: '£ Durin* the Lecornpton
controversy I ira<s approached in such a manner as shorn cor-
ruption on the part of the Jldmitiutra.iioni"1"1 and whereas
such statements imply an interference by the Executive
Department of the Government with the action and rights
of this Hous^. incompatible with the dignity and parity of
legislation* in derogation of the privileges of this body, and
destructive of the public confidence in our institutions and
Government: Therefore, 4
Resolved, That a committee of five be appointed by the
Speaker, to inquire and investigate whether any heproper
attempts ha\ e beeif or are being made by any person con
