1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1019^
must be somewhat humbling to the pride of tlie
head of that distinguished special committee.
Mr. HUTCHIjNS. I rise to a question of
order. I want to hear this speech; but I cannot
hoar it unless members are compelled to take
their seats.
The SPEAKER pro tempore directed members
to resume their seats.
Mr. FRENCH. Will the gentleman from Ala-
bama allow me to interrupt him?
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to finish my remarks
upon one other point, and then I will allow the
gentleman.
, . „ j would like to ask the gen-
Mr. FRENCH.
tleman a question.
Mr. HOUSTON
now.
Mr. FRENCH.
The gentleman can ask it
I would ask the gentleman
from Alabama, then,on what authority he makes
the statement here that the treasurer of Maine has
declared that ho expended thousands of dollars of
the money of the State treasury for election pur-
poses?
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker, my authority
for making reference to that Maine defalcation is
what 1 have seen, and what I presume every gen-
tleman has seen, in the newspapers, and in papers
published in the State of Maine, purporting to
give the facts.
Mr. FRENCH. I wish to state to the gentle-
man from Alabama that the whole of that story
was an entire fabrication—a fabrication made by
the editor of the Bangor Union, without the slight-
estfoundation whatever; and I have beeninformed
that he himself has since been compelled to ac-
knowledge, under oath, before an investigating
committee, that it was entirely unauthorized and
false.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does the gentleman from
Maine say that there was no default on the part
of that officer?
Mr. FRENCH. That was not the question in
controversy.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, I desire to have that
question answered here. Let us deal frankly with
each other.
Mr. FRENCH. I do not deny that there was
a defalcation there 
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman admits that
there was a defalcation, but 
Mr. FRENCH. But I deny that the treasurer
stated that the money was used for election pur- !
poses.
Mr. HOUSTON 'Well, then, I want to call
the attention of this investigating committee to
that defalcation in Maine. [Laughter.] I want
them to inquire whether the statement thatitwas
used in elections is not true, and find out what
became of the money. And the statement has
been made, and i have no doubt with more truth ]
than is found in the gentleman's resolutions. The .
gentleman says that an investigating committee \
in Maine found that statement to be incorrect, j
That may be, and 1 have no doubt that the insin-
uations in the gentleman's resolutions are untrue; !
and if the committee will do its duty, it will so
find.
Mr. FRENCH. Well, I wish to say to the
gentleman from Alabama  
Mr. HOUSTON. There was a substantial
foundation for the charges and investigation in
that case. There is none in the one moved on
yesteiday, as shown by the resolutions them-
selves.
Mr. FRENCH. Will the gentleman from Ala-
bama yield to me one moment?
Mr."HOUSTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. FRENCH. I wish to say this: that the
charge of defalcation is now being investigated
before a committee. The State of Maine will en-
deavor to ferret out not only the extent of the
defalcation, but the manner in which that defal-
cation was produced, and will spread the facts
before the country, to the satisfaction, 1 have no
doubt, of o\en the gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. HOUSTON. And, Mr. Speaker, our very
distinguished investigating committee, presided
ovei by itsdistinguishedchuirman, [Mr. Cu*s ope,]
can probably render them some assistance; for
it is directed to examine whether any, and what
amount of money has been exploded in elections,
and by whom, and to report the names of the
parties to the House; and I intend he shall have
no excuse for overlooking the Maine elections,
and,I therefore bring it to his notice. A very
interesting employment for the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. I wish, also, to call his attention
to tSo election of Printer to this House, so that
he may find out whether there was any division
of spoils there.
Mr. COVODE. I tell the gentleman from Ala-
bama that it was Mr. Buchanan who made the
charge of money being used to influence elec-
tions, and I was only proposing to help him find
out what the facts were.
Mr HOUSTON Mr Speaker, that is an
evasion. It is the merest quibble that could be
resorted to. [Derisive laughter from the Repub-
lican benches.] I ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania whether he intends that his committee
shall examine and find out whether the charges
made by the letter writers in this Capitol, and
published in the newspapers, are true, to the effect
that Mr. Defrees's expenses were paid so as to
get him off the track for Printer ? will his com-
mittee inquire whether any division of the print-
ing spoils was madebyhisowosideof theHouse?
and if so, on what principle it was made? These
are important and grave questions; and I hope
the gentleman will meet and investigate thein; lie
has the committee, and I want no stifling of in-
vestigation. Let the public know the truth, and
the whole of it, concerning these charges of cor-
ruption; the gentleman shall have no excuse for
concealment.
Mr. COVODE. I would say to the gentleman
from Alabama 
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir, I will not be inter-
rupted by you just now. [Laughter.] Now, I
would like to know whether that investigating
committee intends to extend its inquiries into all
these charges, involving liis own party, that have
been published in almost every newspaper that
professes to publish anything of what takes place
m this Capitol? Does that committee intend to
examine into and report upon the truth of these
charges ?
Mr. COVODE. I will say to the gentleman
from Alabama that, as far as my influence goes in
these matters, 1 will economize as much as possi-
ble. I would not attempt to investigate a matter
unless I had good reason to believe that there was
something in it.
Mr. E^OUSTON. The gentleman says he will,
so far as his influence goes, economize. Possibly
he may economize; but I hope it may not induce
him to refuse an examination into the conduct of
his own party friends who are under charges of
improper conduct.
Mr. COVODE. If the gentleman from Ala-
bama wants a committee to investigate into those
matters, I will vote for it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Sir, we have a committee;
and if that committee will do its duty, if it will
but discharge its duty faithfully, it will examine
into these things and report the truth to theHouse.
No additional committee is necessary for such in-
vestigation. It will not do to tell me that his reso-
lution does not cover the ground', it seems to me it
is broad enough to cover almost anything and
everything.
Mr. COVODE. Ifihe gentleman from Alabama
will furnish me with direct charges with regard to
the guilt of any person, m reference to any mat-
ter proper to come before my committee, 1 shall
investigate them.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman wauls me to j
furnish him with direct charges. What direct
charge is embraced m his resolutions? Is there
one ?" Are they not the vaguest insinuations that
ever were presented for the consideration of sens-
ible, men. What do they charge? Tel! me,
against whom do they make a charge ? They con-
tain no such thing, and should never have been
entertained bv tilts body.
Mr. COVODE. Well, if the gentleman insin-
uates that any guilt attaches to any partits, I will
investigate.
Mr. HOUSTON. Why. sir, the insinuations
are all over the country; sent torth throughout
the laud, and the gentleman cannot be ignorant
of the fact, and if he shall retuse to investigate
them, the plea that he was ignoiant that such
charges existed, will avail him nothing before an
honest public.
Air. HOARD. Mr. Speaker—
: Mr. HOUSTON. Does the gentleman desire
I to ask me a question ?
Mr. HOARD No, sir; I thought th<e gentle-
man was through.
Mr. HOUSTON. Not quite, sir. I did not
expect, Mr. Speaker, to occupy the floor as long
as I have done. I desire to see this investigation
had, and such is the desire of this side of the
House. We demand it. It is due to truth thai
it bo had; it is due to the persons whose charac-
ters were attempted to be aspersed, that it be not
stifled. I would not have it stopped if I could.
I want it to proceed. We desire a full and fair
investigation.
And now, Mr. Speaker, if I am permitted to do
so, before I yield the floor, I will move that this
resolution be referred to the committee that was
created yesterday on motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. HOARD. I did not yield the floor for that
purpose.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair un-
derstood the gentleman from New York as yield-
ing the floor to the gentleman from Alabama to
make a few remarks only.
Mr. HOUSTON. Very well; I shall interpose
no sort of difficulty. The gentleman shall have
his committee; he shall have his investigation;
and all I ask is, that it shall be pursued, and that
the truth shall be fully and fairly brought out.
Mr. HOARD resumed the floor.
Mr. HASKIN. I ask my colleague from New
York to afford me" an opportunity to say a few
words on the subject embraced in the resolution.
I want to give the reasons why I cannot vote to
refer this subject to another special committee.
Mr. HOARD. I designed to move the previous
question; but I will give way for a few moments
to my colleague, before doing so.
Mr. BURNETT. I insist that the gentleman
from New York shall either retain the floor him-
self, or yield it absolutely—one or the other.
Air. BRANCH. I think the gentleman from
New York is under a misapprehension. There is
no motion pending to refer this resolution to the
special committee appointed yesterday.
Mr. HASKIN. But I want to give the reasons
why I think it ought to be referred to that com-
mittee. " '
Mr. HOARD. I will yield to my colleague, if
he will demand the previous question when he is
through.
Mr. HASKIN. I will do so. It will be remem-
bered by the House that, a few days since, I pro-
posed a resolution here disbanding a special com-
mittee appointed upon motion of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow,] and referring the
subject-matter that had been referred to that spe-
cial committee, under his resolution, to a regular
standing committee of the House, of which I have
the honor to be chairman. I did it because I was
anxious that some system should exist here or.
this subject of investigations.
The subject-matters embraced in the resolutioi
proposed by my colleague from New York were
referred by the House, yesterday, to a specia.
committee, of which Mr. Covode will probably
be chairman. As I understand it, the primary
object of the resolution proposed by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Co\ oDiij was to
inquire into the appliances which had been made
use of by Mr. Buchanan and his Cabinet in car-
rying through the last Congress the Le coin [Hon
constitution. Having myself moved to disband
the select committee appointed on motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow,] al-
though anxious as 1 am that the subject-matters
embraced in the resolution of my colleague [Mr
Hoard] should be examined into, I cannot, con-
sistently. vote to refer his resolution to a new
select committee.
Sir, this creating of additional select commit-
tees, in my judgment, will be reduced to a perfect
farce. As chairman of the Committee oil Ex-
penditures, I insist that where there is all appro-
priate committee in existence, the House should
insist upon retrenchment and reform, by keeping
these matters before such committee; and 1 ask
my colleague, especially as 1 am one of those who
have been referred to by name in his resolution,
that he will consent that that resolution be referred
to the' committee appointed under the resolution
proposed by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Air. Co%ode] yesterday, giving liberty to that
committee to examine into the subjects embraced
in his resolution.
