2908
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
in less than one year, the sad results of what I
believe to be the mistaken policy of the House in
refusing this appropriation. I know that that
will be the result. I simply make that prediction
at this time; and I have no doubt that I shall have
occasion hereafter, however melancholy and un-
pleasant it may be, to call the attention of the
members of this House to the fulfillment of that
prediction. I now withdraw my amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eighty-third amendment:
For defraying the expenses of the removal and subsist-
ence of the ludiau* ia Washington Terntory to the reser-
vation therein, aiding them in procuring their own subsist-
ence, purchase of provisions and presents, and compensa-
tion ot laborers and other employes, lor the year ending
30th June, 1861, $25,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I have not
risen to tire the committee, but only to occupy
about half a minute. 1 said a moment sincc that
we have some four or five thousand Indians with
whom we have made no treaties. We have six
. jj large counties in the southwestern portion of the
* Territory—one of them the second largest county
in the Territory—where the Indian title has not
been extinguished, and something ought to be
done, we having deprived the Indians of their
homes, to make them feel that they are not treated
with injustice. We had difficulty with these Indi-
ans last winter, although not amounting to war
or to the killing of our people; but it was neces-
sary to send a company of troops there. We have
in the northern portion of the Territory from three
to four thousand Indians, with whom no treaties
have been made, where largo white settlements
are growing up, and where we have to keep four
companies of troops to maintain the peace of the
country.
I present these few facts, and I submit it to the
committee whether, in the face of the recommend-
ation of the Indian superintendent, who asks
$50,000, and of the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs, who asks §25,000, the amount proposed by
the Senate, something should not be done. I ven-
ture no prediction of what the result of a failure
to appropriate will be; but I feel that if. is simple
justice to the Indians and to the white settlers that
there shall be a fund in the hands of the Commis-
sioner to guard against trouble. We have had
trouble enough; we have laid down the bones of
our people enough; we have had massacres enough,
and we would be glad to be preserved from them.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eighty-fourth amendment:
For payment of lmpiovomeuN of the Indians wc>t of the
Cascade mountain*, the Nez lYrccs, tin- Flathead*, the
Yakamas, which may have to hp abandoned in consequence
of certain treaty stipulations with them, and for siuveysof
reservations to winch they arc to lie removed, $w,U06.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, obtained the
floor.
Mr. LOVEJOY. If all these amendments are
going to be discussed, I will move that the com-
mittee do now use.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I have the
floor. I feel, Mr. Chairman, that it is not asking
too much to occupy five minutes in explaining
the more important of these amendments; and I
expect it to be yielded to me without any effort
being made to stop debate. I do not occupy the
time of the committee or of the House unnecessa-
rily.
The appropriation called for in this amendment
of the Senate is specifically required by the treaty.
I will read the provision in the treaty:
"All which tsact shall be «et apart, and, «n far as neces-
sary, surveyed and marked out ior the exclusive u>e and
benefit ot iaid tribe as an Indian reservation."
Again:
" Any substantia! improvements heretofore made by any
Indian, and which he shall be compelled to abandon m
consequence of this treaty, shall be valued undei the direc-
tion of the President, and payment made accordingly there-
tor."
These arc solemn provisions of the treaty, it
is the law of the land. I submit to the commit-
tee whether they intend to repudiate those pro-
visions of the treaty?
Now, a word in regard to our reservations.
We have fifteen in number, and they cover an
extent of from ten to eleven thousand square j
miles. Our white settlements are pushing on |
them, and the Indians have a right to have the
lines marked out which separate them from the
white settlers. Do you want trouble there? Do
you want a conflict between the wljite settlers
and the Indians, growing out of the neglect of the
Government to carry out its treaty stipulations?
My purpose in rising was simply to discharge
my duty by pointing out to the committee that if
they repudiate this amendment they repudiate the
treaty.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Itis nowafter ten o'clock.
I move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Crawford reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had under consid-
eration the amendments of the Senate to the In-
dian appropriation bill, and had come to no con-
clusion thcreen.
And then, on motion of Mr. CLARK, of Mis-
souri, (at ten minutes after ten o'clock, p. m.,)
the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, June 13, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Journal
will be road.
Mr. HALE. I understand that the Journal is
very voluminous, and that it will take an hour to
read it. I move that the reading of the Journal
be dispensed with.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By unanimous
consent the reading may be dispensed with. The
Chair hears no objection.
TIIADDEUS HYATT.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a memorial of Henry
T. Cheevor and many others, citizens of Connec-
ticut, askmgfor the discharge of Thaddeus Hyatt,
now detained in prison under an order of the Sen-
ate. I ask that the memorial may be referred to
the select committee on the Harper's Ferry in-
vasion.
Mr. PITCH. I object to that reference. The
Senator introduced a petition a few days since
from negroes, and had it referred to that commit-
tee without our knowledge. I prefer that petitions
hereafter coming from that source should be ex-
amined.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon.
In presenting that memorial I distinctly stated it
was from citizens of African descent.
Mr. FITCH. That may be; but the committee
happened not to be present, and I presume it es-
caped the notice of Senators. Let the memorial
lie on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Massachusetts made a motion in regard to it.
Mr. SUMNER. I moved that it be referred to
the special committee.
Mr. FITCH. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts.
Mr. FITCH. I hope it will not be thus re-
ferred.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust that no unusual
course will be taken with this petition. If there
is anything objectionable in it, let it be stated.
The Senator from Massachusetts presents a pe-
tition here m the usual form, and asks its refer-
ence, and the yeas and nays are called upon it. It
is very singular that such a coursc is puisued. I
should like to know what the petition is, if there
is anything objectionable in it.
Mr. FITCH. That is what I desire also.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 should like to know if
the Senator from Indiana has any reason for this.
1 If one Senator is to be singled out, and the ordi-
nary reference of a petition which he presents
objected to, certainly there ought to be some-
statement in regard to the petition to justify it.
So far as I am advised, the petition is upon a le-
gitimate subject, and he has a right to present
such a petition. I believe the reference sought is
to the proper committee; if not, let it go to some
other committee. I am surprised that such a
course as this should be taken.
Mr. FITCH. The Senator from Illinois could
not have heard what I said. T simply desired
that the memorial might lie on the table until it
could be examined. The reference of petitions
of that character sometimes does injustice to com-
mittees to whom they are referred, if not to the
Senate. The same Senator, some days ago, re-
ferred to the same committee a petition of negroes.
He says he remarked that it was from negroes.
Mr. SUMNER. And what of that?
Mr. FITCH. The committee did not know of
it at the time.
Mr. WILSON. And what if he did >
Mr. FITCH. I did not hear the remark of the
Senator from Massachusetts.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Indiana is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FI rCH. Then I do not want to be inter-
rupted by the Senator from Massachusetts. I
was simply stating my objections to a hasty ref-
erence of that petition. If it lies on the table until
to-morrow morning, no injustice will be done to
anybody, and then it can be examined, and if it
is respcctful in tone, and from a source which itis
usual to receivc petitions, I shall have no objec-
tion whatever; but I do not want any more negro
petitions considered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I simply rise to say what
is stated to me by the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Collamer,] he being a member of the com-
mittee, that he was present at the time, and heard
the Senator from Massachusetts state, when he
presented it, that it was from persons of African
descent.
Mr. FITCH. I do not question the present
statement of the Senator from Massachusetts at
all; but I say I heard no such statement as he
says he made at the time he presented the other
petition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I want to make another
inquiry. I should like to know if it is held that
a person of African descent has no right to peti-
tion Congress. I never heard southern gentlemen
say that they could not humbly and respectfully
petition Congress*upon any subject; and if we,
living in the free States, have got fo that, that
people to be petitioners must be whites, it is a
very singular state of things.
Mr. FITCH. I have no objection to their pe-
titioning.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If they have a right to
petition, I think that the petition ean be treated
in the ordinary way; and I think it does not in-
fringe on the dignity of any committee to exam-
ine a respectful petition.
Mr. FITCH. I repeat, I have no objection
to negroes petitioning, and petitioning through
the source they have selected—a very appropriate
one; but I have an objection to their petitioning
as citizens, when it is notorious that we do not
recognize them as citizens. They are not citi-
zens.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not citizens? Suppose
they are not citizens, Mr. President, I take it they
are subjects; they live under the laws; they are
persons; and I do not know that the right of peti-
tion is confined to citizens. I take it that other in-
dividuals who are not citizens, petition. We allow
foreigners to petition, if they arc residents. I cer-
tainly wish to enter my dissent entirely to the idea
that we will not receive petitions hero and look at
them, unless they come from citizens. I am ready
! to present a respectful petition from a person of
any blood living under our laws, at any time, so
long as I hold a seat m Congress; and I do not
consider myself degraded by do-ng it.
Mr. WILSON, it seems to me that this is a
very extraordinary proceeding on the part of the
Senator from Indiana. The other day my col-
league presented a petition signal by colored cit-
! izens of Massachusetts, men who have in that
Commonwealth all the rights of citizenship. He
presented their petition. He stated upon this
floor what was not necessary for him to state—
that the petition came from colored men. That
petition was referred to this great committee on
| Harper's Ferry, whose dignity it seems has been
i wounded. That committee, I understand, have
j agreed upon a report. Now, sir, my colleague
j this morning presents a petition from white men—
! and I care not whether it comes from white or
j black men, he has a right, as a Senator, to pre-
| sent that petition—and the Senator from Indiana
I rises here and objects to its reference until he has
