1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
time to examine it, because the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts presented a petition the other day from
colored citizens of Massachusetts. Now, sir, it
seems to me that this is an extraordinary posi-
tion to be taken here in the Senate of the United
States. I regard it—I will not say as an insult to
a Senator of this body—but it is a motion accom-
panied by remarks that deserve, and should re-
ceive, the rebuke of every gentleman in this body.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for the reading of the rule
in relation to petitions.
The Secretary read, as follows:
"24. After the J ournal is read.thcPresidentshall first call
for petitions, and then for reports from standing commit-
tees ; and every petition, or memorial, or other paper, shall
be referred, of course, without putting a question for that
purpose, unless the reference is objected to by a member at
the time such petition, memoiial, or other paper, is pre-
sented. And beloic any petition or memorial, addressed to
the Senate, shall be received and read at the table, whether
the same shall be introduced by the President or a mem-
ber, a brief statement of the contents of the petition or me-
morial sliall verbally be made by the introducer."
Mr. MASON. I was not in the Senate when
this petition was presented, and heard only the
closing remarks of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, who has just taken his seat. I understand
that the honorable Senator front Indiana, who is
a member of the select committee of the Senate,
had desired that no reference should be made of
it to that committee until the petition could be ex-
amined, for the reason that some few days ago a
Edition,on its face declaring it to be from negroes,
y the expression that the petitioners were of Af-
rican descent, was presented by the colleague of
the Senator from Massachusetts, and referred to
that committee. That committee have instructed
irie to report upon the petition, which I am pre-
pared to do; and I presume my honorable col-
league upon the committee has asked time only
to examine this petition, m order tiiat he might
see whether it was one of similar character.
Mr. PUGH. I do not understand that this
petition purports to come from negroes, and we
are likely to be involved in a discussion with no
purpose. I think we had better lay it on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state the position of the question. The mo-
tion is to refer the petition to the select committee;
011 which the yeas and nays have been demanded.
Mr. PUGH. I move to lay it on the table.
Mr. MASON. I dare say that, by general con-
sent, the call for the yeas and nays can be dis-
fensed with, on a suggestion I was about to make,
have examined the petition. It does not purport
to be from negroes at all. I take it for granted it
is from persons who are competent to petition.
Mr. FOSTER. If the Senator will pardon me
a moment, I will say in regard to the signers of
that petition, that they are from my immediate
neighborhood, within eight or nine miles from
me. I know a large number of them. They are
men of respectability, and as law-abiding and
respectable citizens as there are in the United
States.
Mr. MASON. I do not question it at all; but
I submit to the Senator from Indiana to allow the
reference to be made. It only prays, so far as I
have read it, that this witness now in custody
may be discharged; and I submit to the Senator
to allow the reference to be made.
Mr. FITCH. The chairman of the select com-
mittee has examined the petition; and that was
only the privilege I asked. I objected to its im-
mediate reference without an opportunity to ex-
amine it. I should have been perfectly willing
to take it up in fifteen minutes afterwards; but
did not desire a committee of which I was a mem-
ber to be subjected to the necessity of making a
special report in the matter of a petition, as we
shall feel constrained to do, in reference to a pre-
vious petition presented by that Senator; a peti-
tion which, as the chairman of the committee
says, bears upon its face evidence that it is from
negroes. The fact that this petition is from white
citizens is quite sufficient; and no objection on
my part, of course, will be interposed to its ref-
erence. That was wltfit I desired; and the in-
temperate remarks on the other side on the sub-
ject were uncalled for. As for the remark of the
Senator from Massachusetts, relative to the opin-
ion of those he may class as gentlemen, if they
are in the same category with himself, their opin-
ion of my course is a matter of profound indif-
ference to me, as 1 do not recognize him as in the
true category. I withdraw the objection.
ThePRESIDENT protempore. By unanimous j
consent, the call for the yeas and nays wiil hndis- j
pen sod with. The Chair tirarn no objection. The j
question now is on the motion to refer the petition
to the select committee on the Harper's Ferry
invasion.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. POLK presented the memorial of Clute
Brothers, engine manufacturers, of Schenectady,
New York, and others, praying that the duty on
steel may not be increased as contemplated by
the tariff billnow pending before Congress; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CLARK presented the petition of John
Gillingham and others, citizens of Merrimac coun-
ty, New Hampshire, praying the enactment of a
new code of laws, civil arid criminal, for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, in the administration of which
all persons shall be regarded and treated as equal
before the law; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. PUGH presented the memorial of William
Huddart & Co., and others, of Cincinnati, Ohio,
praying that the duty on steel may not be in-
creased, as proposed in the tariff bill now pend-
ing before Congress; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented the memorial of Hall, Car-
roll & Co., and others, of Cincinnati, Ohio, pray-
ing that the duty on steel may not be increased,
as contemplated by the tariff bill now pending
before Congress; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
He also presented the memorial of Sullivan &
Hyatt, and others, hardware dealers of the city
of New York, praying that the duty on steel may
not be increased, as contemplated by the tariff bill
now pending before Congress; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HUNTER, presented the memorial of
Macy & Co., merchants, of the city of New York,
and others, praying the enactment of a law author-
izing the exchange of gold or silver coin at the
Mint for cents; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. WILKINSON presented the memorial
of Charles Jackson, treasurer of the Bristol Fire
Arms Company, of Providence, Rhode Island,
and others, praying that the duty on steel may
not be increased, as contemplated by the tariff bill
now pending before Congress; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BRAGG presented the memorial of D. Sim-
mons & Co., and others, hardware dealers, of the
city of New York, praying that the duty on steely
may not bo increased, as contemplated by the tariff
bill now pending before Congress; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. DAVIS (on behalf of Mr. Clay, who was
detained from the Senate on account of sickness)
presented the memorial of Pierson & Co., and
others,machinists, of the city of New York, pray-
ing that the duty on steel may not be increased,
as proposed ill the tariff bill now pending before
Congress; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance. _
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of Piatt
Smith, one of the trustees of the Dubuque and
i Pacific Railroad Company, praying that the joint
resolution in relation to the Des Moines river
lands may not be passed; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the memorial of
Captain John Fanner, for himself and other offi-
cers of the revenue cutter Harriet Lane, praying
an increase of compensation for and during the
time they were attached to the Paraguay expedi-
tion; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
BILLS RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. THOMSON, it was
Oulcrci, That the bill (II. R No. 448) granting an in-
valid pension to Esther P. Fox. widow of Augustus C. Fox,
be recommitted to the Committee oil Pensions.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas,
it was
Ordered, That the joint resolution (II. R. No. 29)direct-
-oiy to the Beerctaiy of War respecting certain surveys in
Tennessee and Kentucky, be recommitted to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the; memorial-of
James Glynn, a captain in the Navy, praying're-
muneration for expenses and losses incurred by
him while performing tile duties of a purser iri
addition to those of commanding officer, reported
adversely thereon. ■ ■
The Senate, by unanimous consent, proceeded
to consider the report; and, in concurrence there-
with, * •
Resolved, That tile prayer of tile memorialist "be not
granted.
Mr. PUGH, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the hill (H. I?. No.
819) providing for additional terms of the United
States circuit and district courts in the State of
Kentucky, reported it without amendment.
Mr. WILKINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions to whom was referred the petition of J.
B. Severance and others, citizens of Black Hawk
county, Iowa, praying that a pension may be
allowed to John Morgan, on account of his mili-
tary services, reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 530) granting a
pension to Jane Yates, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 400) for the re-
lief of James Floyd, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. POWELL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the presentment
of the grand jury for the northern district of Flor-
ida, in relation to the fees of witnesses and jurors,
salary of the judge, and expenses of suppressing
the slave trade, reported a bill (S. No. 504) to
increase the salaries of certain judges of the dis-
trict courts of the United States; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 443)
! iii addition to the several acts foi the punishment
! of crimes against the United States, reported it
without amendment
; Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the
! Judiciary, to whom was leferred the memorial of
! the Chamber of Commerce of New York, on the
subject of international law, as to damages result-
ing from collisions at sea, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. No. 40) to
have the accounts of members and Delegates of
the Fourteenth Congress revised and balance paid,
reported it without amendment, and adversely.
He also from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 428) directing the
Secretary of the Interior to liquidate the accounts
of Mitchell & Rammilsburg and Baker & Von
Pliu!, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of merchants and others,
citizens of the District of Columbia, praying an
extension of the jurisdiction of justices of peace
in the recovery of debts, and the allowance of
fees to justices of the peace in cases of riots, as-
saults, &c., asked to be discharged from its far-
ther consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 397) for the relief of
witnesses in criminal cases in the District of Co-
lumbia, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (II. R. No. 7) to punish and
prevent the practice of polygamy in the Territo-
ries of the United States, ar.d other placps, and
i disapproving and annulling certain acts of the
' Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Utah,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. BRAGG, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 421)
for the relief of Joel M. Smith, reported it with-
out amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 86) for the re-
lief of William Lyon, late pension agent at Knox-
ville Tennessee, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 372) for the relief of John C.
McFerran, of the United States Army, reported
it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
