2910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 132) to remove
the United States arsenal from the city of St.
Louis, and to provide for the sale of the lands on
which the same is located, reported it without
amendment, and adversely.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 15)
for the relief of purchasers of public lands within
the timber reserve opposite Fort Kearny, and for
the settlers within the Winnebago agency reser-
vation, the Fort Atkinson reservation, and the
timber reserve opposite Fort Crawford, all in the
State of Iowa, reported it without amendment,
and adversely.
Mr. F1TZPATRICK, from the Committee on
Military Affairs and Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 503) to amend the first sec-
tion of " An act to provide for the organization
of a regiment of mounted volunteers for the de-
fense of the frontiers of Texas," approved 7th
April, 1858, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 352) for the relief of James IIoo-
ten, reported it without amendment, and submit-
ted an adverse report; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also,from the samecommittee,to whom was
referred the memorial of C. W. Cartwright and
others, appointed at a general meeting of the citi-
zens of Boston, setting forth that the change of
the location of the post office in Boston is not ju-
dicious, and that by its removal the great public
and business convenience will be speculated upon
and sacrificed in order to cany out private inter-
ests, and remonstrating against any change in the
location of that post office, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration,and submitted are-
port on the subject; which was ordered to be
printed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. YULEE asked,and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 505) for
the relief of Charles E. Sherman; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND RlStfEltRKD.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, it was
Ordered, That tin- petition of Charles II ^heunan, pray-
ing payment lor a tjuuntity or' live-oak timber, vviueh
i J legally taken from him and appropt iatcd to the use of the
United fttates, on the; files of the Senate, be roleired to the
Committee on Claim?.
Bit. EVANS'S UK POUT.
Mr. WILKINSON submitted the following
resolution, which was referred to the Committee
on Punting:
Resolved, That there be printed, for the use of the Sen-
ate, five limu-ond e.\tiM copied of the ajrt icuUma) portion
of the repoit of Dr. John Kv.uts on the geology of Oregon
and Washington Teriitories, to include all the analysed of
noib, coals, and oies, with the localities and extent of the
various gold fields and other mmetals; but not to include
the maps and other illustrations.
T1IK TAJUFl!.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 am instructrd by the Com-
mittee on Finance to leport back House bill No.
338 to provide for the payment of outstanding"
Treasury notes, to authorize a loan, to regulate
and fix the duties on imports, and for other pur-
poses, and to move, when it is taken up, that
the consideration of it be postponed until the sec-
ond Monday 111 December. 1 give notice that I
shall ask the Senate to take up this bill, and sub-
mit that motion as soon as wc have disposed of
the appropriation bill which is now before the
Senate. As soon as that is disposed of, then I
shall ask the Senate to consider this bill which 1
have icportftd back for the purpose of submitting
that motion.
Mr. BIGLER. I will suggest to the Senator
from Virginia to name to-morrow, at twelve
o'clock, with the understanding that if the appro-
priation bill which is now pending is not finished,
we shall continue with it.
Mr. HUNTER. I give notice that i shall call
it up as soon as we have disposed of that bill.
Mr. BIGLER. I will not insist on it, but I
should like to have an hour indicated. I move
that it be twelve o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not know that we shall
get through with the appropriation bill by that I
time, but if we do, I shall certainly call up the |
tariff bill to-morrow at twelve o'clock/ As soon
as we dispose of the appropriation bill, I propose
next to call up this bill m, regard to the tariff; so
as to submit it to the Senate, and see whether
they will consider the question now, or postpone
it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania submit a motion ?
Mr. BIGLER. I submit a motion that it be
made the special order for to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, with the remark that if the bill to which
the Senator refers, the one which Is the unfinished
business, be not disposed of, I will interpose no
objection until we dispose of it.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 submit that unless the bill
is before the Senate, he cannotsubmitsuch amo-
tion. I say I will call it up next. If we should
get through with this bill to-day, I shall certainly
call up the tarifF bill to-morrow.
Mr. BIGLER. I do not want it to be consid-
ered to-night.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not wish to go on with
it to-night. I am not ready to go on with it my-
self to-night, and 1 shall not call it up then
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Virginia submits no motion
Mr. HUNTER. No, sir; I do not
PACIFIC TELEGRAPH.
Mr. GWIN. In our amendment to the tele-
graph bill yesterday, there wasanomissionof two
or three words,and I offered a resolution asking
the House to return the bill. It is now here, ana
I hope it will bo taken up in order that we may
rectify our mistake. It will not take a minute.
The PRESIDENT fro tempore. If there be no
objection, the bill will be taken up. The Chair
hears none.
Mr. GWIN. The amendment is in page 2, lines
four and five, to strike out the words: " and shall
award the contract to the lowest responsible bid-
der or bidders-/' and in lines five and six, strike
out the word " proffer," and insert " contract."
ThcPRESIDENT pro tempore. By unanimous
consent, tho«e modifications will be made without
reconsidering the vote agreeing to the amend-
ments
CONTHACTS OF TIIE WAR DEPARTMENT.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate take
up and consider the resolution I presented two
or three days ago, asking information from the
Secietary ofWar..
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretaiy of War be directed to com-
municate to the .Senate all oideis issued by his duection
fiom the Quanoimaster General, Commissaiy General, or
ordnance oflicei«, by which a preference is directed to be
given to specified individuals m contracts, purchases, or in
fuinis-hingbiipphesuudereithci of then departments; al&o,
that he repoit the icanoas for not allowing competition in
those eases; and that the lepoit be made at this session of
Congiess.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour for
the consideration of the special order has arrived,
and it must he taken up, unless otherwise ordered
by the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope there will be unan-
imous consent gi\en to postpone it for a moment,
in order to allow us to take a vote on the passage
of the resolution.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope wc shall goon witli
the special order until wc get rid of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose the Senate will
allow a vote to be taken on a resolution ofinquiry.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Iowa moves to postpone the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. %20) for the relief of
Anson Dart, for the purpose of considering the
resolution which has just been read.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to modify the phrase-
ology of the resolution in one line. As it is
printed, the word "in " is inserted in place of
the word " for."
Mr. DAVIS. Let the resolution, as amended,
be read.
The Secretary read it
Mr. DAVIS. That resolution assumes a fact
which is a reflection on the Department. I sup-
pose the Senator will reach his object by asking
the Secretary the question. I prefer to have his
answer. I take it fur granted that the fact cannot
exiat, that the Senator must have been deceived,
or must be mistaken. No  ueh preference could |
have been given, unless it has been that an ex-
traordinary purchase was to be made, and there
was not time for general competition. I think it is
due to the Senate and due to the Department that
it should be put in the form of calling for inform-
ation.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to any
modification which the Senator may suggest for
the purpose he has indicated. I have no disposi-
tion to frame the resolution so as to imply a re-
flection upon the head of that Department. None
is intended by me. '
Mr. PUGH. I will suggest to the Senator that
the report cannot be made at this session, as he
requires. It will be impossible for the Secretary
of War even to have the papers copicd; and there-
fore, if the Senator presses his resolution, he had
better strike out that last clause. With the short
time that remains, it will be impossible to make
the report this session.
Mr. MASON. I will suggest to the Senator
that it strikes me, from the reading of the resolu-
tion, that the object of the Sena-tor from Missis-
sippi can be attained by inserting, after the word
" preference," the words " if any."
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to that
modification.
Mr. DAYIS. I think it would be better to say
" whether any orders have been issued.''
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Virginia withdraw his modification?
Mr. MASON. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Mississippi moves to insert the words
" whether any orders have been issued."
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand the modifi-
cation of the Senator from Mississippi has been
accepted by the Senator from Iowa; and if so, I
move to take up the special order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Secretary
is preparing the amendment.
The Secretary read the resolution, as proposed
to be modified, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretaiy of War he directed to com-
municate to the Senate whether any orders have been is-
sued by his direction fiom the Quarteimaster General, the
Commissary Geneial, oi mdnance officers, by which a pref-
erence is dnected to be given fo specified individuals in
contracts, purchases, or tor furnishing supplies under either
of their departments 5 and if so. that he leport the ieasons
for not allowing competition in those cases; and that the
report be made at this session of Congress.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Iowa accept the amendment as part of
the resolution ?
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thentheques-
tion is on the resolution as modified.
Mr. PUGH. I was about to move that that
portion requiring the report at this session be
stricken out; but at the suggestion of the Senator
from Mississippi, if the words, " if possible" be
inserted, I have no objection.
Mr. DAVIS. " If practicable."
Mr. PUGH. Very well; that the report bo
made at this session 14 if practicable."
Mr. HARLAN. Let the resolution be so mod-
ified. I have no objection whatever to the modi-
fication.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to, as
follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to the Senate whether any orders have been
tattled, by hn direction, from the Quai termastcr General,
Commissary Geneial, or ordnance ofiiccrs. by which a pref-
erence is directed to be given to epvcilSed individuals in
contracts, purchases, orforfurni-hing supplies, undereithor
ot their departments ; and if so, that he lepoit the reasons
for not allowing competition in those cases ; and that the
report be made at this session of Congrebs, if practicable.
ANSON DART.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now ask for the consid-
eration of the special order—the bill (H. R. No.
220) for the relief of Anson Dart.
Mr. YULEE. I ask the Senator to allow me
to refer a bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I cannot yield to the Sen-
ator. I wish to have a vote on this question. It
has been before the Senate until I am tired of the
very name of the bill. I either want it passed or
I want it killed. I want the Senate to act upon
it, and to act upon it now.
Mr. YULEE. We are still in the morning
hour, and I wish to refer a bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen -
ator from "Wisconsin yield?
