1022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
Mr. FESSENDEN. Merely postpone this
until to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved to
postpone the further consideration of this subject
until to-morrow.
Mr. MASON. I suggest to the Senator'that,
if he wishes to steals on the matter before the
Senate, he can do it on the homestead bill. I un-
derstand that is a part of the programme of the
platform of the Republican party; and he can
speak just as well on the homestead bill as any-
thing else.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman does not
seem to understand, as I do, that I never can have
the floor when anybody else wants it. When that
bill is up, somebody else will want the floor. That
is always distinctly understood by me, though it
may not be by other gentlemen, that I never can
have, and never have had, the floor, if anybody
else wants it. I have it now, and I wish to speak
on this subject at some early day, and especially
if there is nobody else that wants to speak or
wants to hear, t move that it be deferred until
to-morrow.
Mr. FESSENDEN. With the understanding
that you are to have the floor. ♦ .
Mr. COLLAMER. Tins was an earlier special
order than the one moved by the Senator from
Tennessee, which was first deferred until to-mor-
row; and I claim that this should stand before
that. It does now. I am not exactly prepared
to speak at this hour.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Vermont moves to postpone this subjcct
until to-morrow.
Mr. COLLAMER. With the understanding
that it has the same priority it has now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair can
say nothing of the understanding. The question
is on the motion to postpone.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 63) to regu-
late the mileage of members of Congress;.in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The messagefurtherannounced that the Speaker
had signed an enrolled bill (S. No. 217) for the
relief of William B. Hcrrick; which thereupon
received the signature of the Vice President,
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. GWIN. I now move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the West Point ap-
propriation bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would suggest to the
Senator from California, and also the Senator
from Texas, with reference to that matter, that if
that business is to be bi ought up with the idea of
again discussing the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Texas, there ought to be first a little
time gran ted for the purpose ofprin ting the commu-
nications upon the table. I have looked them over
myself to-day, as well as I was able in the hurry
of business here, and I am perfectly satisfied that
before the Senate proceeds to act upon the amend-
ment to this bill, it ought to be in possession of
those papers, and they ought to be read. There
certainly can be no very great hurry in relation
to the matter, because the Senator must under-
stand, what all other Senators certainly do, that
nothing can be gained by .trying to push it too
fast.
I am perfectly willing, when these papers have
been printed, and Senators have had an opportu-
nity to read them, (which I conceive to be very
necessary in order to an understanding of the sub-
ject,) that the matter should betaken up and dis-
cussed and decided. I do not wish a postpone-
ment for the purpose of delay at all. The only
delay I ask for is for a proper understanding of
the subject; but when papers of an important
character, going to explain the measure, are upon
the table, not printed, it is out of all rule, as I un-
derstand it here, to insist upon calling up and
deciding the subjcct before the Senate has had an
opportunity to consider the information it has
callcd for with reference to the subject. I hope,
therefore, that the Senator will agree that there
be such delay as simply may enable us to get
those papers printed and understood—that is all.
Mr. GWIN. I made the motion to take up the
appropriation bill. In regard to the amendment
of the Senator from Texas, that is a matter for
him. I was only doing my duty in calling up the
appropriation bill.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now, I will make the
motion that I suggested, and I hope the Senator
from Texas will accede to it. I can assure him
that, so far as I am individually concerned, and
I presume so far as all gentlemen on this side
are concerned, there is no disposition to delay
action on this subject—not the slightest in the
world; and that he will gain nothing, m my ap-
prehension, even if he should lceep us here and
push this through to-night. He will gain nothing
in the end by insisting that it be acted on without
a full and fair opportunity for the Senate to be in
possession of the information that is now on the
table, which they have not had. It is necessary,
in my deliberate judgment, for I have read it and
seen it. I move, therefore, and I hope he will
accede to it, that the further consideration of the
subject be postponed until those papers are printed,
and then I shall move their printing.
Mr. WIGFALL. I will simply say, in reply
to the appeal made by the Senator from Maine,
that all the information which he alludes to has
been published already. It was read yesterday,
and is published in the Globe to-day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not a third part of it; not
a quarter. We have had simply one or two re-
ports read; but the information is quite volumin-
ous, and quite important.
"Mr. WIGFALL. There is not a single fact
that is not published, I think. Of course, Ido not
intend to contradict the Senator; but the facts on
which our action is intended to be predicated are
published, saving and excepting, possibly, a letter
from the Secretaiy of War, in which he expresses
it as his opinion that this appropriation ought at
once to be made. That letter was not read; but
I am willing to take it without that indorsement.
When this matter was first brought up for con-
sideration, the objection was, that the Executive
Department and none of its subordinate depart-
ments had expressed any opinion on the subject.
Wc now have the opinion of the Secretary of
War, The facts are set forth in the papers that
were read yesterday. There may be voluminous
papers, which were not read, containing affida-
vits and statements, all going to the same point;
but the substantial facts upon which our action is
to be predicated are already printed, and were read
yesterday. Every Senator heard them.
Now that we have the opinion of the War De-
partment, now that we have the facts upon which
we are to predicate our action, the entire morning
has been taken up in a discussion of an abstract
question of no practical importance. I have no
objection to the Senate being made to a certain
extent a debating club, to discuss abstract ques-
tions of morals, politics, or religion, provided it
does not interfere with the practical action of the
Government and the dispatch of business; but
whilst gentlemen are making: speeches here on
these subjects, it is doubtless very amusing to
them, as it was to the boy, as we are told in iEsop;
but the frogs did not see thepointof the joke; and
I am satisfied the people in Texas, who are suffer-
ing, will not understand why it is that time should
be delayed and wasted here in discussing these
matters, and this bill postponed. We know all the
facts, and I trust that the Senate will proceed to
act. It is now full. It was distinctly understood
yesterday that this matter was to be discussed to-
day and acted upon. I desire to indulge in no re-
marks upon it. I do not propose to discuss it.
I am willing to take a dry vote on the question as
it now stands, and I am satisfied that justice will
be clone.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will excuse
me for saying that, if he had a little more expe-
rience m the business of the Senate, he would be
aware that it is not customary on either side of
thp Chamber, in acting upon important measures,
to be entirely bound by the mere opinions of anv
officers of the Government. He seems to think
that, inasmuch as he supposes we have the opin-
ion of the Secretary of War, which, by the way,
we have not goton this measure, as he supposes;
but if we had, he seems to think that all that is
necessary for our action is, that we should un-
derstand what that opinion is Now, sir, the
Secretary of War, whilst he makes a communica-
tion, sends to us a very considerable number of
documents, on which the Senate will be called
upon to predicate their action. I do not know how
much my opinion maybe considered worth, but
I say again, that the facts there communicated are
very important to a proper understanding of this
subject—exceedingly so, in my judgment—and
that Senators are not in possession of those facts
from the mere reading of the communication of
the Secretary of War alone, and cannot be put
in possession of them by the reading of that com-
munication. .
Now, I have fairly warned the Senate, about
it. This matter will keep a day or two. The
Senator must know that, after this bill passes, if
it does pass this body, it must go to the House of
Representatives; and it will not go to that House
under very favorable auspices if it is forced
through this body without our having an oppor-
tunity to know before we act upon it what is the
information on which we are called to predicate
that action; it will not advance his bill, if his ob-
ject is speedily to get it through the two Houses
of Congress, let me assure him. It cannot be so,
in the nature of things.
Now, sir, what do I ask with reference to this
matter? I contended the other day that before
we acted, we should have a communication from
the Government on the subject, with the informa-
tion. That was apparently voted down on the
other side of the House, but no sooner was it
voted down by them than by their own action
they gave the time necessary. We had last night
a discussion reaching to the very point of action,
and then the Senate, nobody objecting, adjourned
again when we had got to the point of action. I
was glad they did so, because I desired to be in-
foimed of the facts on which I am called upon to
act here and elsewhere. I took pains, as I stated,
to inform myself as well as I could this morning
by casting my eye over those papers. I tell the
Senate that the contents of those papers ought to
be known to every man here before we act on this
bill. There is much in them that requires careful
examination and study. Now it is strange to me,
that under these circumstance, important as that
information is, the Senate should be called upon
to vote nearly a million dollars to raise a regiment
with that information unread, unpublished, and
in no such shape as will enable the Senate to pos-
sess itself of it. Sir, it makes no more difference
to me than it does to any other individual. I tell
the Senate that is so, in my judgment, whatever
that judgment may be worth,and of course itwill
act as suits itself. I hope the bill will be post-
poned until we can have these papers printed.
Mr. WIGFALL. I beg that the letter of the
Secretary of War be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
« War Department, March 3, 1860.
Sir : 1 have had the honor to receive your letter of the
18th of January last, inclosing a bill making appropriations
for the support of one regiment of Texas volunteers.
I herewith return the bill, with the mfoimation desired,
and beg to add, that the opinion of this Department, so Ire-
quently urged upon Congress, heretofore, as to the pressing
necessity for additional mounted troops is unchanged ; and
the exigencies of the service, in the opinion of the Depart-
ment, require that the appropriation should be made.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN 1 . FLOYD, Secretary of War.
Hon. Jefferson Davis,
Chairman of Committee on Military Jljfairs, Senate,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine moves that the further consideration
of this subject be postponed until to-morrow, and
that the message and accompanying documents
be printed.
Mr WIGFALL called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 23, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS— Mc«sr<. Bingham, Chandler. Collanier, Dixon,
Doolittle, Dnikee, Fes&enden, Foot, Grimes, Hale, Harlan,
Johnson oi Tcnnes-ss e, Km;.', Nicholson. Pearee, Seward,
Simmons. Smnner. Ten Eyek, Tiumbull, Wado'. Wilkin-
son, and Wilson—23.
NAYS—.Messrs. Higler, Blight, Crown, Chesnut, Cling-
man, Davis., Gwiri, Hemphill, Ivor--on, Johnson of Arkan-
sas, Latham, Ma;on. Powell. Rice, Sanlsbuiy, Slidell,
Toombs, Wigfall. and Yulee—19.
So the motion was agreed to
Mr. POWELL I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. WIGFALL. I beg the Senator to wait a
single moment.
Mr. POWELL. I withdraw the motion
