1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. MASON. I understood that bill was up
and is postponed.'
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Until to-mor-
row.
Mr. MASON. It will come up as the unfin-
ished business, I presume.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Senate
should adjourn in the present stage.
Mr. WIGFALL. i ask if there is any motion
to have these documents printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was part of my mo-
tion.
Mr. WIGFALL. Then I understand this bill
does not lose its precedence by an adjournment.
On motion of Mr. POWELL, the Senate then
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Wednesday, March 7, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to submit the following
resolution, which is one merely calling for in-
formation from a Department.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
requested to communicate to this House, estimates of the
means necessary to complete the capitoi and the peniten-
tiary buildings in the Territory of New Mexico.
Mr. GROW. I ask the gentleman that he will
allow his resolution also to call upon the Depart-
ment for information in reference to the public
buildings in all the Territories.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask that my resolution be
-adopted. The gentleman from Pennsylvania can
report from his Committee on Territories in ref-
erence to the other Territories. The buildings
referred to in my resolution have been commenced
and are now progressing toward their comple-
tion.
Mr. GROW. So are the public buildings m the
other Territories.
Air. PHELPS. Let the gentleman, then, sub-
mit a separate resolution, providing for the other
Territories. I will not object to its adoption.
Mr. GROW. I have always had the misfor-
tune, when I have submitted a resolution calling
for information, to have objection made from the
other side.
Mr. PHELPS. I will not object; and I will
help the gentleman to have his resolution adopted.
Mr. GROW. If the gentleman will allow me,
I will move my proposition as an amendment to
his resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the resolution is amended,
I will object.
Mr. PHELPS. I decline to accept the amend-
ment.
The resolution was adopted.
EXEMPLIFICATION OF LAND OFFICE PAPERS.
Mr. HOLMAN. I was absent the other day
when States were called for bills, and I now ask
the unanimous consent of the House for leave to
introduce and have referred two bills.
There was no objection.
Mr. HOLMAN, previous notice having been
given, introduced a bill to provide for the gi anting
and exemplification of records and papers remain-
ing in the General Land Office; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
INDIANA UNIVERSITY.
Mr. HOLMAN, previous notice having been
given, also introduced a bill to authorize the State j
of Indiana to appropriate the lands granted to '
that State by Congress, for the use of a seminary ,
of learning, and for the endowment of the Indiana ;
University, and the proceeds thereof to any other ,
educational purposes, in the discretion of the
State; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lauds.
JUUNCII MINT AT CHICAGO.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House for leave to introduce the
frV following resolution.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, Tluu the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into'the expediency of establishing an
assay office and branch mint at Chicago, Illinois ; and that
they report by bill or otherwise.
There was no objection.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the reso-
lution be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. That is not
a proper reference for that resolution. I move
that it be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
The question was taken; and the resolution
was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
HOUSE DEBATES.
Mr. CASE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House for leave to introduce the following
resolution.
The SPEAKER. It will be read for informa-
tion.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
ResolverJ, That the select committee heretofore appointed
on the jevision of the rules, be instructed to inquire into,
and report upon, the expediency of so amending the stand-
ing rules of this Hou-se, as to prohibit the pubiication in the
official report?, of any remark-* of members made out of
order, or m violation of the rules of this body.
Mr. HOUSTON. That select committee has
made its report, and it is no longer in existence.
Mr. NOELL. I object to the resolution, for,
sir, I think we have gag law enough here already.
Mr. CASE. I give notice, then, that when the
report of that committee comes up for action, I
shall move the resolution just read, as anamend-
ment. I think, sir, that it ought to be adopted.
SWAMP AND OVERFLOWED LANDS IN ILLINOIS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House for leave to in-
troduce a bill concerning certain swamp and over-
flowed lands in the State of Illinois. Previous
notice has been given I want it to go to the
Committee on Public Lands.
There was np objection, and the bill was read
a first and second time by its title, and refeisred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
PAPERS WRONGLY REFERRED.
Mr. BRIGGS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to report back, from the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims, certain pa-
pers wrongly referred to that committee.
There was no objection.
Mr. BRIGGS, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported the following papers;
which were laid upon the table:
The petition of John Winslow and others for
a private act in the settlement of revolutionary
claims;
The petition of Ferguson Smith, widow of
Robert Smith, praying for a pension, under the act
of 1838, on account of the revolutionary services
of her husband; j
The memorial of Wallace Estell; and j
The petition of Mary Bullock, of Georgia. |
Mr. CRAWFORD. I call for the regular order 1
of business. _ !
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi- j
ness is the call of committees for reports. |
EXCUSED FROM SERVING ON A COMMITTEE. j
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to |
a privileged question. I discover, from the pub- j
lication of the committees of this House, made J
during my absence frt>m the city, that I am placed j
as a member of the Committee on Naval Expend-
itures. It is not my purpose to complain that I
was appointed on that committee; for I would as
soon serve on that as on any other committee of
this House. I understand that that committee has
not met for four years, but that probably it will
meet during this session. At the last session of
Congress a~speeial committee was raised to inves-
tigate the expenditures of the Na\y Department
at the Biooklyn and Philadelphia navy-yards into j
certain live-oak purchases, and into other matters
connected with the administration ot the Navy i
Department. Upon that committee w -re Mr.SnEU- 1
mas', ofOhio; Mr. Bocock, ofYnnma; Mr. Groes-
beckj of Ohio: Mr. Ritchie, of Pennsylvania, and ,
Air. Read)', of Tennessee. Mr. Sherman and \
Mr. Bocock are the only two numbers of this i
House who were upon that select committee. It
investigated various matters, and made a report j
embodying something like one thousand printed i
pages of testimony. . ;
Mr. Sukrman has introduced that same subject *
into this Congress, and it has been referred to that
committee. Mr. Sherman is on the Committee
on Naval Expenditures. It is a very unufsual
thing to appoint the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means upon another standing com-
mittee. Mr. Bocock is the only other member
of the present Congress who was upon that com-
mittee. You, Mr. Speaker, were not a member
of the last Congress, and consequently did not
know how the former committee was constituted,
nor whether this subject would be referred to this
particular committee during this session of Con-
gress. As an act of justice to the country, as aa
act of justice to this House, as an act of justice
to a high officer of the Government, I ask to be
excused from service-upon that committee, and
that Mr. Bocock,%f "Virginia, be appointed in
my place.
Mr. Underwood was excused.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Bocock upon
the committee, in the place of Mr. Underwood.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hickey, its Chief Clerk, informing the
House that the Senate had passed an act (H. R.
No. 216) making appropriations for fulfilling
treaty stimulations with the Ponca Indians, and
with pertain bands of Indians in the State of Ore-
gon and Territory of Washington, for the year
ending June 30,1860, with amendments, in-which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
LANDS TO ACTUAL SETTLERS.
Mr.'THAYER, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, a bill (H. R. No. 22) to prevent
the sale of the public lands, except to actual set-
tlers, for ten years after the same shall have been
surveyed; which was referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and or-
dered to be printed.
ASSIGNEES OE LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. THAYER, from the same committee, also
reported hack, with a recommendation that it do
pass, an act (S. No. 197) in relation to the as-
signees of bounty land warrants: which was re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
LANDS EOK AGRICULTURAL PURPO&ES, ETC.
Mr. THAYER, from the same committee, also
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
not pass, a bill (No. 6) donating public lands to
the several States which may provide colleges for
the benefit of agriculture and the mechanic arts.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to ask the House to
postpone the consideration of that bill until the
third Tuesday of April, and that in the mean time
it be printed.
Mr. BRANCH. I move to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; and upon that question I call the previous
question.
Mr. MORRILL. I have not yielded the floor.
Mr. BRANCH. I beg the gentleman's pardon,
if lie has not relinquished the floor. I thought he
had.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not desire to consume -
unnecessarily a moment of the time of the House
on this subject. When the. bill was passed at the
last session of Congress, complaint was made
that it was passed through this body without dis-
cussion. I wish the bill printed, that gentlemen
may read it; and I desire its consideration post-
poned in order that gentlemen may have a fair
chance to discuss it, and dispose of it.
As I said before, I do not desire to consume any
time upon it now, or hereafter; and I simply make
the motion that its consideration be postponed
until the third Tuesday of April, and that it be
printed; and upon that mouon I call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. BRANCH. 'The object I have in view is
precisely such as that which the gentleman from
Vermont says he has in view—to have a full and
complete discussion of this bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I called the previous question.
Mr. BRANCH. J believe I was recognized
before the gentleman calied'the previous question.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Vermont yield the floor?
Mr. MORRILL I do.
