1860.
=¥
)t yie
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I cannot yield.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the spe-
cial order mast be taken up.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
220) fur the relief of Anson Dart, the pending
question being on the amendment offered by Mr.
Lane, to insert at the end of the bill:
And that there be paid to the superintendents of Indian
affairs in Oregon, who have served previously and subse-
quently to the said Anson Dart, the same rate of compen-
sation as is allowed to the said Anson Dart by this act.
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, yesterday, when
the Senator from Arkansas advocated the passage
of this bill, he opposed the amendment, it will be
recollected, upon thegtound that those who served
previously or subsequently to Mr. Dart, in the
same capacity m which he served, had not asked
for an increase of salary. Now, sir, six years ago,
General Palm&r, then the superintendent of Indian
affairs,petitioned Congress for the same increase;
that is to say, if Congress increased the. pay for
this superintendent, that he also should receive
it. The Commissioner of Indian Affairs sent that
report to the House of Representatives, and I will
read from that report. He says:
"I also inclose an extract fiom a report of Superintend-
ent Palmer, dated the 27th day ot May, 1833."
As soon as he found that Mr. Dart was about
to procure an addition to his salary, he called the
attention of the Department to his claims, as well
as those of Mr. Dart.
"Although tlie predecessor in office of the present Com-
missioner of Indian flaus, on the 3d of Match. 1850, ad-
dressed a letter to Hon. D. K. Atchison, of the United States
Senate, expressing the opinion that tne salary of the super-
intendent of Indian affairs in Oregon should be §4,000 per
year," &c.
After reviewing this letter, the then Commis-
sioner of Indian Affaiis goes on to say:
<£ I cannot, in piopriety, go further than to &ay that, m
my opinion, the duties of the s-upeuntendent of Indian affairs
inOiegon aie now as responsible and lahoiious and lm-
poitant a  they ever weit, ami that othei* who seivcd be-
fore and since in the same ofli-o. are a-> jns-tly entitled to
any increase of compensation a  the late superintendent."
Thus, you see, the Senator from Arkansas was
mistaken. These gentlemen have come here.
They have sent their claims here, and they have
based them upon the ground that, if the compen-
sation shall be increased for Dart, they have equal
claims to that increase. The Commissioner of
Indian Affairs says that, if you increase for Dart,
then it ought to be increased for all others who
served in that capacity in that Territory.
The Senator from Arkansas then took occasion
to allude to the country occupied by the Indians
with whom Mr. Dart had made treaties, arid said
that he had looked at the maps and found that the
counties extended to the ocean. Well, sir, that
is very true, but nobody lives in the counties out-
side of the Willamette valley. If you will cast
your eye on the map, you will see at once that
the Willamette valley lies bearing with the coast,
nearing the coast as you go up the valley, bor-
dered by the coast range of mountains on the west
and by the Cascade range on the east. Now, the
counties laid out on the other side of the Wil-
lamette river extend on the east side, to the sum-
mit of the Cascade mountains; but nobody lives
in those counties outside of the valley, or beyond
the base of the mountains. It is the same with
the coast range. They live in the valley. The
country is occupied to the coast range of mount-
ains. Though thecouutiesrun,orapoitionofevcry
county runs to the coast for about forty milesin
depth, yet from the ocean to the Willamette val-
ley they are unoccupied. It was in that portion
of the country along the coast where Dr. Dart
made treaties—a country that we did not want;
which was just suited for the Indians; and all the
Indians of that country have been brought into it.
They have all been brought to the coast in order
that they might be supplied with fish, and be out
of the settlement entirely.
I said yesterday, that not one of the treaties
made by this man was ever ratified. They were
of no consequence. They never ought to have
been made. He made treaties with the Indians
living along the cfcast, small bands, mere frag-
ments uf what had been great tribes. At the time
he made the treaties there were very few people
there. As I said, on a former occasion, many of
those tribes with whom he made treaties to pur-
chase their lands, have passed away. They have
become extinct. I notified the Senator of it then,
and advised him not to incur a debt on the Treas-
ury; that the Indians would hardly live to see the
treaties ratified. They were never ratified, and
never ought to have been.
Now, sir, I have said here that this man Dart
is the most remarkable man on the face of the
earth. I think no man has ever got hold of the
Treasury, or got his hand upon it, that has held
on with such pertinacity as this man. He has
been determined to filch from it every dime that
it was possible for him to get, without reference
to the honesty of the claims, without reference to
their justice. He was trumping up claims for
four or five years after he went out of office,
after his accounts were settled, and he is present-
ing them for settlement now.. The Indian Office
have told me themselves that they have been
hunted down until they hate to see the man go to
the office. He will hang on while there is a dol-
lar in the Treasury, unless he is choked off abso-
lutely. He has no honesty, no integrity, and I
know it. I know that his claims ought not to be
allowed. It was an insult—an injury to the coun-
try. He was loathed in Oregon. He was loathed
by every honest man and every decent family in
the country; and I can give the reasons, if any
gentleman wants them, why he was loathed by
all respectable men; and yet this is the character
of a man for whom you will here, in this Senate,
provide an increase of salary eight or ten years
after he has performed the duty. You are to give
him a higher salary than any man in Oregon has
ever received fov any office, and $1,000 higher
than you agreed the other day to give the United
States district judge of that State. It is a salary
higher than any man has ever had or ever can get
in that State from this Congress, or from the
people; and why he should be made the special
object of favor, 1 cannot conceive.
'Now I will read a communication that has come
into my hands this morning by accident. It was
callcd for by the chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and in hunting up for-the Globe
containing the report of the Auditor or of the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, I got hold of this let-
ter. You will see from it that this man, in 1857,
seven years after he had been in Oregon,or after
he was commissioned superintendent of Indian
affairs^ presents a new claim for the board of in-
terpreters and for boarding clerks. That is one
item in the account, and you are providing for its
payment m the bill. This very bill, that increases
his salary, provides for this amount of money:
For board of interpreter*, £1.9j0."
Now see what the Commissioner says:
" With regaid to the claim for boarding tlnee clerks, em-
biaced in the account above alluded to, amounting to .$-1,040,
1 am of opinion that inasmuch as the compensation allowed
thes-e employes i* considered to have been hbeial and suf-
licientloi the services perloimod by them, and that such
chaigr* aie unusual m the Indian Office, they cannot be
allowed in equity and justice. It will be perceived from the
statement of N. Dubois"—
Now mark you, N. Dubois was one of his
clerks—
"dated Oath of March, 1857, filed with the account of 6th
of March, 1857"—
For he was making up accounts up to the 6th
of March, 1857—
"one of the clerks for whose board the late superintend-
ent'"'—
That is Dart—
diaiges as having been paid by him and for which he
claims leimbursemeiit, tiiat he, Dubois, boarded himself."
Now, sir, Dubois says that he boarded himself,
and this man was here; and when he made out
this claim and presented it to the Indian bureau,
he insisted on money for boarding Dubois, and
Dubois certifies that he boarded himself. This
man did not board him; and yet the bill on your
table is allowing him this compensation for board-
ing clerks and interpreters. Well, sir, Mr. Du-
bois says that "his subsistence during the period
he was on Indian service," mark that! "was paid
by Dr. Dart. These traveling expenses, when-
ever properly incurred, are always allowed, and
it is presumed, without reference to his accounts,
that these expenses have been charged and allowed
Dr. Dart."
Now, he has boarded this man when travel-
ing, and he made out his regular vouchers for it,
and came here, and they were allowed and paid
by the Indian Office; and yet lis brings up this
claim, and has it provided in the bill noto before
yon, that this shall be paid as well as hie salary
increased.
Here is another little item of another accoaat.
Tins man will never get done malting accounts
in the world. As long as there is a dollar in the
Treasury, he has his eye and hand upon it, or as
near it as possible; and he will hang on until he
filches it, as I said before. Right or wrong, hon-
est or dishonest, he will get every dollar he- canj
without reference to conscience or anything else*
I say what 1 know. Now, recollect you, ha
boarded in this city. He was absent for nine
months. He was here for one hundred and fifty
days in this city. He boarded with Mrs. Stittin-
ius; and though Mrs. Stittinius lived within one
hundred yards of the bureau, he went up there
and presented a false account, a false claim, that
he never paid. He asked the Indian bureau to
pay him three hundred and fifty or three hundred
and seventy-five dollars for board. They refused
to make the settlement, and called upon her, and
she said it was $300; and they paid him §300,
though his claim was there for $375. Then he went
to work togetthat,and hedid,notwithstandingthe
protest of the Second Auditor, and upon a claim
that he did not present at the time. But he was
in the habit of studying how he could make out
another claim, and subsequently he submitted a
claim for paper and postage for payment; and
I upon that the Auditor made some remarks, which
! I will read presently. Thank God ! we had an
! honest Auditor there. But he, Dart, managed
to get the money, notwithstanding the indorse-
ment of the Second Auditor of the Treasury, Mr.
Clayton, upon it. The Second Auditor rejected
these charges. Among them was a charge for
paper and postage. And see what an immense
amount of postage and paper that man used in
one hundred and fifty days. The like of it had
never been known in the world. No ten Senators
ever equaled it in the same length of time. But
he used it. He certified to it, only as he alone
can do, and received the pay. But the Second
Auditor of the Treasury, Mr. Clayton, rejected
these charges, and indorsed his reasons therefor
on the account, as follows:
" I lejeeted the two vouchers for stationery and postage,
amounting to §64 50, and ten dollars paid to F. Daggy tor
cop> ing letters and documents; my reason for which is,
ti)at Mr Dart onginally rendered his expenditure of $375
for board, and when required to furnish a voucher, it ap-
peared that he had paid only $3U0 for board, and these
item^are In ought in to make up what he originally claimed
credit for. Besides, I do not think the Government should
allow such a po*tage bill when all official letters are sent
Oee. The stationery at fifteen ccnts per day, for one hun-
dred and fifty days, "indicates that he was engaged all that
time, SunduVs included, in writing1. To have written up
so much paper, allowing $2 50 for ink and pens, lie must
have consumed ten reams of paper, which I conaidcr
extravagant."
That is the amount he trumped up here while
in Washington, boarding here at the expense of
the Government, and neglecting his duty in Ore-
gon, where the Indians were troublesome to the
settlers. He was trying to get more money out
of the Treasury. Then the Auditor says:
"The other charge of ten dollars is too Indefinite."
The charges in question were finally allowed
by the Second Comptroller.
Now, notwithstanding this indorsement, this
man hung on as he has done here, running after
everv Senator, visiting him at his rooms, teasing
him until he promises to vote for it. That is the
way he has been getting money out of the Treas-
ury ever since he was sent to Oregon; until, as
I said before,at the Indian office they would rather
see anybody in the world than this man Dart.
Now,Mr. President, I want a vote onthisques-
tion. 1 want to know whether Senators who the
other day refused to give the volunteers twelve
dollars a month for services rendered in defend-
ing the settlers, who could not open their hearts
enough to pay those men twelve dollars a month,
are nowready to give this man $1,500 a year over
and above the salary that was fixed by law when
he entered on the duties of his office. I want to
know whether it is the intention of the Senate to
discriminate between the good people of Oregon
and this man, whose purpose it is to filch money
from the Treasury, ! stated before, sir, that he
was only in the Territory of Oregon twenty-one
months and a few days. That was all the service
he rendered in that Territory; yet, under this bill,
he will have pay for three years, and get §4,500
