THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
Morse, Nelson, Nixon, Olin, Palmer, Pennington, Perry,
Pettit, Porter, Potter, Pottle, Reynolds, Rice, Christopher
Robinson, Royce, Schwartz, Sedgwick, Sherman, Somes,
Spaulding, Spinner, Stevens, William Stewart, Stratum,
Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins, Train, Trimble, Vandever,
Van Wyck, Verree, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadvvalader
C. Washburn, Elliliu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Wells, Wilson, Windom, Wood, and Woodruff—115.
So the House refused to adjourn.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM, -when his name was
called, remarked that as four members on that side
of the House were absent, three of whom, and
probably the fourth,would be present to-morrow,
ne voted to adjourn.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I was proceeding
to show why this resolution ought to pass, and
was approaching the facts necessary to lay before
the American people the position which gentle-
men occupy, before the Government and before
the people, who are now presented for election as
Speaker of the House. Sir, in all our changes
and mutations of parties since this Government
has had an oxi.stcnce, while we have combated
one party and another, and while the people have
been divided, sometimes into Federalists and Re-
publicans and Whigs and Democrats, yet there
has always been a conservative spirit in the coun-
try, a fraternal fueling governing men claiming to
be American citizens, and keeping down insur-
rection and murder and rapine and desolation.
Both parties, since this Government has had
a history, however inimical they may have been
to our institutions, however fond of power they
may have been, and however disregardful of the
public weal they may have boon, were unwilling
to risk their reputation by standing forth to tho
country advisors of a large portion of the people
of this Union to stop at nothing until they put
out of public life, disfranchise, and murder, a
large portion of the people of the United States.
Mr. KILGORE. Will the gentleman from
Missouri permit me 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. No, sir; I prefer
very much to go on. I do not want to be em-
barrassed . •
Mr. KILGORE. I should like the gentleman
to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Well, I will listen
for a moment.
Mr. KILGORE. I simply wish to remark to
the gentleman from Missouri, that probably he
had better allow some little time for gentlemen,
whose names appear published in the New York
Herald as having signed this recommendation, to
make their own statements in the matter. Let
them be permitted to make their own remarks.
As I am not one of those embraced within the
scope of the resolution—not being a candidate for
the Speakership—i may make this suggestion.
Let me say, too, that I, and all with whom I have
conversed on the subject, condemn the doctrines
contained in the compendium of Helper's work
in as unlimited terms as it can possibly be con-
demned. I have no recollection that *1 ever saw
the recommendation; and so it is with everyone
that I have spoken to. I am told,however, that
there was a proposition made by some persons
interested, to publish in pamphlet form the matters
contained in the book, taken from the census, to-
gether with remarks made by southern gentlemen
m regard to the effects of slavery in their own
States, and that matter was to be published in
pamphlet form for distribution. Taking the se-
lections published in the Herald, unconnected
with other matter, I would most unhesitatingly
condemn the publication; because I represent a
oonshluency that is conservative and peace-loving,
and that has no leaninc; toward treason.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I am glad that the j
gentleman is beginning to flee from the wrath to !
come. 1
Mr. KILGORE. No, sir: I am not one of the
fleeing *tock. I am ready to lake the responsi-
bility of all my acts.
Mr, CLARK, of Missouri. I am glad that the
loyal spirit manifested heretofore in the gentle-
man's political history makes him unwilling to
bear the odium which necessarily attaches to all
whose nanva are found on that list.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to make a sug-
gestion.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Let me proceed
with my remarks, and the gentleman can then
have an opportunity of answering me.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I merely wish to make
a suggestion.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Excuse me,if you
please.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We can act much more
understanding^ on the resolution, if the gentleman
from Missouri will have the book read. I wish
to suggest that it be read.
Mr^CLARK, of Missouri. I will have every-
thing read; and I beg to inform the gentleman
that I will not press my resolution to a vote until
the last of those who have signed the recommend-
ation shall have had an opportunity to speak.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have never read the
book; and I presume the gentleman from Mis-
souri never read it. I think it would be well,
therefore, to have it read.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. It would be well
if the gentleman could also say he had never
signed the recommendation.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I recommend the lit-
erature to the gentleman from Missouri; that is
all. I think it world do him good.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. The gentleman
can mad as well as I, and may acquaint himself
with the contents of that circular; and let him
then avow, if he can, that he never signed it; or
(as is sometimes done m regard to bonds) say
that it was read incorrectly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no doubt that
the book is a very good one. I never read it; or
heard it read; and. I should like to hear it very
much. I rccommend the literature.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I do not wish to
be discourteous; but I have a good deal to say on
this subject, and I feel it my duty to say it before
the country, in order that, if this Government is
to be prostituted, and if men are to be placed in
high positions in the country who have advocated
what this book advocates, the American people
may know to what a pass the American Congress
has come.
Sir, I was saying that in all the mutations and
changes through which parties in tlus country
have passed, there was always existing a spirit
of peace and fraternal love and equality and self-
respect. The chair that you are now about to
fill has been filled with a Clay, a Barbour, a Polk,
a Wmthrop, and many other distinguished men,
who got their light from the sources of the Con-
stitution, and from the founders of the Govern-
ment. They have been of dilferentpolitical parties.
When one party or the other succeeded in organ-
izing the House, thuy took men who were loyal
to the country, who had a fraternal spirit and
sell-respect, and who would not advise treason
and murder and insurrection and rape and des-
olation.
Gentlemen want to hear what they have recom-
mended. They want the law and the prophets
read to them on this occasion. I have that circular
before me, and I have extracts from the book
which it recommends. They can get the whole
book if they want it put on the political record.
I will send it to the Clerk's desk directly, and ask
to have read this circular to the non-slaveholders
of the southern States, with directions and advice
how to use it; which circular has been signed,
among others, by the gentleman who interrupted
me a few moments ago.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. X think not.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I beg your pardon.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. If I under-
stand the, extracts, I wish to say here to the
House anIPto the country that I utterly condemn
them—utterly.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, I am very glad to
hear it; so does every other good man.
Mr. PALMER. 1 hope the gentleman from
Missouri will not be interrupted. If the negro
is to be thrust upon us the first day of the Con-
gress, let us go to work as speedily as possible
and put him out; and I think the best way to do
that, is to have«a free and general discussion.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. The gentleman
says, that if the negro is to bo thrust into the
House the first day of the session he ought to be
put out as speedily as possible. The negro would
not have been thrust into the House but for the
action of that gentleman's party ; nor would any
occasion have arisen, except for the ajdvice which
they gave to the country.
But if gentlemen will make themselves equal to
the negro, by saying that the negro shall be free
and equal in all things, at the polls and other-
wise, it is rather a strange sentiment for him now
to wish to drive the negro out of the House, the
first day of the session.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to make
a suggestion.
The CLERK. Does the gentleman from Mis-
souri yield?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The gentleman
has just made a statement 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Let me hear him.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The gentleman
has made a statement in regard to something in a
book which many of the Republican members
have directly or indirectly sanctioned. My name
appears in some of the papers as having signed
that recommendation-
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I have no doubt
you signed it.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. My friend from
Missouri will bear with me a moment. Under-
stand that I am not here prepared to say whether
I did or did not sign it; because the authority of
that Democratic paper is not very good with me.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. No; nor any other
good paper.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. But I wish to
say to the gentleman that those sentiments are
not entertained by Republicans; and my object in
making that statement now, is—as the gentleman
himself does not understand what is in the com-
pendium of the book—to allow time for gentlemen
to find out what it is, so that they may avow or
disavow the positions charged upon them. And
I suggest, now, that the gentleman from Missouri
will permit mo to make a motion that the House
do now adjourn.
Several Members. That is right; right.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I want this out.
Let it all come out. [Cries of " No !" "No!"] If
I have signed a paper that is wrong, I will dis-
avow it; and if the anti-slavery sentimentisproper
in the compendium, I will avow it before the world.
I only want to know what is m it; for thegentle-
man himself is not prepared to state what is in the
compendium.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I am prepared.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I ask him to per-
mit me to move to adjourn till to-morrow at
twelve o'clock, so that we may vote understand-
ingly.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I am prepared to
show what is in that book; and if I am allowed
to proceed I will show it. But if gentlemen want
time to deliberate and prepare themselves in secret,
I have no objection.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I do not hear
what the gentleman says. Does he permit the
motion to be made ?
The CLERK. Will the gentleman from Mis-
souri yield to the gentleman from Illinois for a
motion to adjourn ?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Yes.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Then I move
that the House adjourn till to-morrow at twelve
o'clock.
Mr. LOVEJOY demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. CURTIS. I rise to a point of order. The
gentleman cannot make that motion. I ask for
the reading of the rule which I have marked.
Mr. FLORENCE. Wo have no rules.
The CLERK. The Clerk will state to the gen-
tleman from Iowa that there is no time fixed for
the adjournment of the Housw, until the standing
rules of tho House shall have been adopted.
The question is on the adjournment till twelve
o'clock to-morrow.
[Cries of "Question!"]
The CLERK. As many as desire to have the
yeas and nays on the question will rise.
After a partial count,
Mr. JOrIN COCHRANE said: A majority of
the members present have not voted for the yeas
and nays.
The CLERK. It does not require a majority.
The Constitution of the United States fixes the
number at one fifth.
Mr. WINSLOW demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Boyce and
Buffinton were appointed.
The House divided *, and the tejlers reported—
aye 1, i^oes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
