1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The question was taken on the motion to ad-
journ; and there were, on division—ayes 131.
So the motion was agreed to; and thereupon,
at twenty-two minutes past two o'clock, p. m.,
the House adjourned till to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 6, 1859.
Mr. Davis, Mr. Crittenden, and Mr. Clav
appeared to-day.
The J Ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers in the case of
Joseph Cbaires, executor of Benjamin Chairps, and others,
on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of William W.
Mosely, be withdrawn from the file* of the Senate, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of David W. Porter,
a lieutenant in the Navy, be withdrawn from the files of
the Senate, and referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of Captain D. G.
Farragut, praying to be allowed an amount paid by hiin to
two masters' mates, be withdrawn from the files of the
Senate, and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
STATUTES AT LARGE.
Mr. PEAROE. I beg leave to submit the fol-
lowing order; which I ask the Senate to consider
now;
Ordered, That the copies of the Statutes at Large deliv-
ered to the Senate in conformity w ith the eleventh section of
the act approved February 5, 1859, " providing for keeping
and distributing all public documents," be placed in charge
of the Secretary; and that, at the commencement of each
session, he deliver a copy to cach Senator, to be returned
by him to the Secretary at the close of the session.
It may be proper to state briefly, that the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives purchased a
eufficientnumberof copies of the Statutes at Large
of Little & Bro^n's edition, to supply every mem-
ber of each House with a copy during the session.
These were formerly supplied, upon the request
of each member, by the Librarian. The act of
1859, alluded to in the order, having directed these
books to be transferred to the Secretary of the
Senate and Clerk of the House of Representatives,
it is necessary that the Senate should pass such an
order, so that gentlemen may be enabled to have
the use of these copies. We have copies, and it is
proposed that each member shall have the use of
one during the session, to return it at its close.
The order was considered, by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to.
INVASION OF HARPER'S FERRY
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, the resolution
which I offered yesterday will come up, 1 pre- ;
sume, as a matter of course; if not, 1 move that
it now be taken up for consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
comes up, as a matter of course. ^
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That a committee be appointed to inquire into
the facts attending the late invasion and seizure of the arm-
ory and arsenal of the United States at Harper's Ferry, in
Virginia, by a band of armed men, and report whether the
same was attended by armed resistance to the authorities
and public force of the United States, and by the muidcr
of any of the citizens of Virginia, or of any troops sent
there to protect the public property; whether such invasion
and seizure was made under color of any organization in-
tended to subvert the government of any of the States of
the Union; what was the character and extent ot such or-
ganization, and whether any citizens of the United States,
not present, were implicated therein or accessory thereto,
by contributions of money, arms, munitions, or otherwise ;
what was the character and extent of the military equip-
ment in the hands or under the control of said armed band,
and where and how and when the same was obtained and
transported to the place so invaded. And that said com-
mittee report whether any and what legislation may, in
their opinion, be necessary on the part of the United States
for the future preservation of the peace of the country, or
for the safety of the public property; and that said com-
mittee have power to tend for persons and papers.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, on the passage
of that resolution I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr, TRUMBULL. Mr. President, when that
resolution was offered yesterday, I stated that I
would move an amendment to it when it should
come up for consideration; but, before proceeding
to offer the amendment, I will state that the res-
olution, as offered by the Senator from Virginia,
will receive my support. If any other persons
than the twenty-two whose names are known to
the country are implicated in, or in any way ac-
cessory to the seizure of Harper's Perry, and
the murder of the citizens of Virginia, let us as-
certain who they are, and let them be held re-
sponsible.for their acts.
I hope this investigation will be thorough and
complete. I believe it will do good by disabusing
the public mind in that portion of the Union which
feels most sensitive upon this subject, of the idea
that the outbreak at Harper's Ferry received any
countenance or support from any considerable
number of persons in any portion of this Union.
No man who is not prepared to subvert the Con-
stitution, destroy the Government, and resolve
society into its original elements, can justify such
an act. No matter what evils, either real or im-
aginary, may exist in the body-politic, if each
individual or every set of twenty individuals, out
of more than twenty millions of people, is to be
permitted in his own way, and m defiance of the
laws of the land, to undertake to correct those
evils, there is not a government upon the face of
the earth that could last a day. And it seems to me,
sir, that those persons who reason only from ab-
stract principles, and believe themselvesjustifiable
on all occasions, and in every form, in combating
evil wherever it exists, forget that the right which
they claim for themselves exists equally in every
other person. All governments, the best which
have been devised, encroach necessarily more or
less'on the individual rights of man, and to that
extent may be regarded as evils. Shall we,
therefore, destroy government, dissolve society,
destroy regulated and constitutional liberty, and
inaugurate in its stead anarchy—a condition of
things in winch every man shall be permitted to
follow the instincts of his own passions or preju-
dices or feelings, and where there will be no pro-
tection to the physically weak against the en-
croachments of the strong ? Till we are prepared
to inaugurate such a state as this, no man can
justify the deeds done at Harper's Ferry.
In regard to the misguided man who led the in-
surgents on that occasion, I have no remarks to
make. He has already expiated upon the gallows
the crime which he committed against the laws of
his country; and to answer for his errors or his
virtues, whatever they may have been, he has
gone fearlessly and willingly before that judge
who cannot err: there lei him rest.
Therefore, sir, I am for this investigation. I
hope it may be thorough and impartial, and 1 be-
lieve the effect upon the country will be most sal-
utary. Had a similar investigation been instituted
when a similar transaction took place some years
ago, this probably would never have occurred.
The amendment which I propose to offer to the
resolution which is pending,and in which, I trust,
I may have the support of every Senator, pro-
vides for the investigation of a like transaction
which occurred in the State of Missouri. I will
briefly state what that transaction was, ae it may
not be fresh in the recollection of Senators.
The Government of the United States hard an
arsenal at the town of Liberty, m the State of
Missouri, of which Captain Leonard had charge.
In December, 1855—and the facts which I state
appear upon the official records of the country—
Captain Leonard testifies that a Judge Thompson,
in company with a large number of others, ap-
peared at the arsenal, overpowered him, confined
him, broke down the magazines, supplied them-
selves with cannon, rifles, swords, and pistols,
with powder and ball, and took them away from
the arsenal. This was followed by the invasion
of a peaceful Territory by these persons; not
twenty, but more than a thousand men, marched
into the adjoining Territory, armed with weapons
taken by violence from an arsenal of the United
States, under the charge of an officer of the Uni-
ted States, with the avowed object, as also ap-
pears, of making that Territory a slaveholding
State. It appears that societies were formed—
secret organizations—reaching 1 rom Missouri into
various States, and, among others, the State of
Virginia, whose object ana design was by force
to introduce slavery into Kansas; and to carry
out this object, these men seized upon these arms
and munitions belonging to the Government of the
UnitedStates. Captain Leonard, in his statement
under oath, says;
"The judge and others told me there were troubles in
Kansas, and they wanted arms, but would do nothing wrong
with them. I told the judge th;$ was aggressive on the
part of Missouri; and every community was competent to
take care of its own affairs, and that the Missourians ought
not to interfere. A good deal more was said on Both sides,
and t felt indignant at the aggression. The judge himsell
did not say an uncivil word to me. I had not expected
any sueh thing as this when I first saw the judge, or I could
have had the gates locked.
" The mob proceeded to take arms, forcing the doors, and
took three six-pounders, some swords, pistols, rifles, and
ammunition, powder, balls, &c.,as much as they wanted.
They broke some doors open. I do not know howthey got
the keys to get into the powder magazine, which is com-
posed of brick, and had double doors. Captain Price was
the leading man in the crowd, as I understood. Mr. Rout
was there. I was kept in the room until the men had got
all the arms and ammunition they wanted, and had gone
away. Judge Thompson being the last one ; when he let me
go out, and then ho left himself.
" Some six or eight days afterwards, the guns were re-
turned to the arsenal. They w<*re left, I was told, at Col,
onel Alien's place, some three quarters of a mile from the
arsonal. In the meantime, I had reported the facts to Col.
onel Sumner, and he had sent down acompany of dragoons.
The men sent to me to know if I would receive the arms,
and I told them I was not in command, and referred them
to Captain Beall, and he told them to bring them along; and
they did so, and they were received. Among the property
taken was s>ome artillery harness; I cannot leeollcct how
many sets. There were some deficiencies m the number
of rifles, swords, and pistols, and some harness returned,
but I cannot state the precise particulars. These deficien-
cies have never been made up by the citizens of Missouri;
but I have been instructed by Colonel Craig, the head of
the ordnance department at Washington, to purchase suffi-
cient of such articles as I could obtain in the neighborhood
to make up the deficiency, and we did so; but the swords,
pistols, and rifles we have not been able to make up. I do
not know how much has been expended in making up this
deficiency. Immediately after this robbery, I reported the
circumstances to Colonel Craig, at Washington, specifying
the number and amount of cach of the different articles
taken. In the couise of the winter, he sent me orders to
ship the public property to FortLcavenworth and St. Louis
arsenal, giving me a schedule of the amount to be taken to
each place; which I did as soon as navigation opened^'—
House Report Aro. Q00, Thirty-Fourth. Congress, first session.
pages 1130-31.
It seems that the arsenal at Liberty was broken
up, and what remained of the arms were shipped
to other military posts. Now, sir, there is a very
striking similarity between the breaking into that
arsenal and the attack upon the one at Harper's
Ferry. The question of slavery had to do with
both. The arsenal in Missouri was broken into
for the purpose of obtaining arms to force slavery
upon Kansas; the arsenal at Harper's Ferry was
taken possession of for the purpose of expelling
slavery from the State of Virginia—both unjusti-
fiable, and it seems to mc both proper subjects to
be inquired into. Perhaps the latter would never
have occurred if inquiry had been made, and the
proper steps had been taken when the cry came
up from Kansas of these outrages, and when citi-
zens of Kansas were murdered by the very arms
taken from this arsenal, or at any rate by persons
in the same army with them. Then the com-
plaints that were made were treated as the "shrieks
of bleeding Kansas, "and they could not be heard.
I trust they may get a better hearing now. Now,
sir, when the shrieks of Virginia are heard, and
the ears of the country are opened, I trust those
from Kansas may get a hearing also. I am pre-
pared to hear both; and I hope that the investi-
gation m regard to Harper's Ken y may be impar-
tial, thorough, and complete, and let whoever is
implicated in the unlawful transactions there be
h^ld responsible; and so, too, in regard to the
seizure of the arsenal in the State of Missburi. 1
offer the following amendment:
After the word IC invaded," in the fourth clause of the
resolution, insert:
And that said committee also inquire into the tacts at-
tending the invasion, seizure, and robbery, in December,
1855, of the arsenal ol" the United States at Liberty, in the
State of Missouri, by a mob or body of armed men, and
report whether such seizure and robbery was attended by
resistance to the authorities of the United States, and fol-
lowed by an invasion of the Territory of Kansas, and the
plunder and murder of any of its inhabitants, or of any
citizen of the United States, by the persons who thus
seized the arms and ammunition of the Government, or
others combined with these; whether said seizure and rob-
bery of the arsenal were made under color of any organ-
ization intended to subvert the government of any of the
States or Territories of the Union; what was the charac-
ter and extent of such organization, and whether any citi-
zens of the United States, not present, were implicated
therein, or accessory thereto, by contributions of i one>,
arms, ammunition, or otherwise; what was the character
and extent of the military equipments in the lianas or
under the control of said mob, and how and when ana
where the same were subsequently used bysaidinob; what
was the value of the arms and ammunition of evei y de 
