THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JUNE 14, 1860.
New Series No. 183.
being among the Indians; and all the claim is,
that his expenses were above his salary, I, for
one, can never consent to grant it, and should
esteem it the most dangerous and mischievous
precedent I have known the Senate to set.
The PRESIDENT protempore. The question
is on the passage of the bill.
The bill was passed.
Mr. LANK. I hope the Senate will not refuse
the yeas and nays.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. It is rather too late to call
for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is too late.
The Chair paused, for the purpose of seeing
■whether any one called for the yeas and nays,
before the result was announced.
Mr. LANE. I move a reconsideration.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Oregon was
out for an instant. I hope the Senate will allow
the yeas and nays to be taken.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By unanimous
consent, the question can be taken by yeas and
nays.
Mr. TRU"MBULL. I hope we shall take the
vote by yeas and nays, and be done with it. ["No
objection."]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
again put the question upon the passage of the
bill. Upon this question the yeas and nays are
called for.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr feRAGG. Before the vote is taken, I de-
sire simply to say that I have paired off on this
bill with the Senator from Florida, [Mr. Mal-
lory.] I am opposed to it, and he would vote
for it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Cameron, Chand-
ler, Clark, Collamci, Dixon/DooUtUe, Durkce, Fe-ssenden,
Foot, Foster, IIjaIo, Ilumhn, Hailan, Hemphill, Kennedy, ,
Rice, Hebastian, Seward, Simmons, Sunnier, Tea Eyek, j
Toombs. Trumbull. Wade, and VViKott—27. I
NAYS—Me.^rs. Bayard, Digler, Bright, Chesnut, Cling- j
man, L)avu, Fitch,1'itzpatrick, Green, Hammond, lluntei, j
Johnson ot Arkansas, Lane, Mason, Peaice, Powell, SauU- j
bury, Slidell, Thomson, and Yuiee,—20. j
So the bill was passed. j
SCHOOL OF ART.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall go on with
the appropriation bill.
Mr. BROWN. With the permission of the
Senator from Virginia, I desire to take up a biU
which has passed both Houses, with a view ot
concurring in an amendment of the House ot Rep-
resentatives. It is the bili in reference to the art
association.
Mr. HUNTER. If it will take no time, I give
way.
The Secretary read the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the bili (S. No. 187) to in-
corporate the National Gallery and School of Arts
in the District of Columbia. The amendment is,
to add at the end of the bill, as an additional sec-
tion:
Jlnd be it farther cnactcd, That it shall not bo lawful for
the corporation hereby created to adopt any system oi lot-
tery oi chances n& a means ol making a revenue or in dis-
tributing any works ot ait.
Mr. BROWN. I move that the Senate concur
in the amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
DAILY RECESS.
Mr. SLIDELL. If the Senator from Virginia
has no objection, I desire to call up the resolution
which I offered yesterday, providing for a recess
from four to six o'clock daily for the remainder
of the session.
The Senate proceeded to consider the follow- |
ins; order, which was yesterday submitted by Mr. j
Slidell: j
Ordered. That for the residue of the session, the Senate J
will take a recet-h fiom four to six o'clock, p- m., daily.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope that will not be adopted.
I have but to renew the objection, which I stated
yesterday, to a recess. I think we shall usually
18^
do less business by that course than we should
do if we l^mained here continuously for the same
length of time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on agreeing to tho order.
Mr. HAMMOND. I object decidedly to this
motion for a recess. Most of the bad legislation
of the country has been made at night; and if all
night legislation could be knocked off the statutes,
we should get rid of a great deal of useless legisla-
tion. I do not think it is becoming in the Senate to
have night meetings. By the laws of the old Roman
Senate, any decree passed after sundown was
invalid; and that was long before the discovery
of alcohol. I do not think we ought to legislate
here after sundown.
Mr. SLIDELL. I am perfectly aware of the
danger of night sessions; but I think there is still
more danger of indiscreet legislation at six or
seven o'clock in tiie evening, when there is barely
a quorum of the Senate present. Experience has
proved that we can hardly keep a quorum here
after the usual dinner hour. I wish it were dif-
ferent; I wish it were not as it is; but we must
deal with tilings as they are.
Mr. HUNTER. Let us havo the question.
The order proposed by Mr. Slidell was agreed
to—ayes 20, noes 17.
THE SLAVE TRADE.
Mr. HUNTER. Now, I hope we shall pro-
ceed with the appropriation bill.
Mr. PUGH. I move to take up the bill lelat-
ing to the Afi icans at Key West, which has been
returned to us from the House with two amend-
ments of two hues each.
Mr. HUNTER. When that comes up, I know
there v. ill be debate. I hope the Senate will not
take it up now, but will let me get on with the
appropriation bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Ohio moves to take up Senate bill No. 1G4,
to amend an act entitled '4 An act in addition to
the acts prohibiting the slave tiade."
The motion was not agreed to.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC.. APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 339)
making appropriations for the legislative, execu-
te e, and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1861.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to submit amotion,
which I think will facilitate business \eiy much.
When I have been hard ptessed, L have had per-
mission from the Senate, three or four times in my
expeiience, to do what f am now about to pro-
pose. I suggest that the Senate allow the bill to
be at once reported from the Committee of the
Whole, and then any amendment which Sen-
ators desire to make can be proposed in the Sen-
ate, and we shall have but one vote on them. As
wo have been doing business heretofore, we vote
twicc on every amendment that any member has
an interest in. I ask, by general consent, that
the bill be reported to the Senate, and then jet
Senators offer any amendment they choose; giv-
ing one chance, but not two.
"The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will require
unanimous consent to change the rule in that re-
spect, The Chair hears no objection. The bill
will be reported to the Senate without amend-
ment.
The bill was reported to the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. JNow let the amendments of
the Finance Committee be read.
Tiie Secretary proceeded to read^the amend-
ments of the Committee on Finance, the first of
which was in line forty-eight, in the appropria-
tions for the various offkeix of the Senate, to in-
sert, Chaplain, §750,"and increase the aggre-
gate from $78,914 to $79,G64.
Mr. HUNTER. That is merely to provide for
the change in our system of Chaplains; to provide
the salary for the Ckaplam.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line fifty-one to
insert, among the items for contingent expenses
of the Senate:
For lithographing and engraving, $30,000.
Mr. HUNTER. That is the amount estimated
as necessary for lithographing and engraving re-
quired by the Senate. The House struck it all-
out and put nothing in at all for it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, after line
sixty-six, among the appropriations for the con-
tingent expenses of the Senate:
For the usual additional compensation to the reporters
of the Senate to the Congressional Globe, for reporting the
proceedings of the Senate for the second session of the
Tlurty-^ixth Congress, §800 each, $3,200.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there ob-
jection to this amendment? The Chair hears
none. It is agreed to.
The next was after line seventy-four, among
the appropriations for the Senate contingent ex-
penses, to insert:
For expenses of tiie heating, ventilating, and lighting
apparatus, $12,000.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, Th6 Chair
hears no objection to this amendment. It in
agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 8, lines one
hundred and eighty-five and one hundred and
eighty-six, to suike out " $11,514," and insert:
Seven thousand nine hundred dollars. And the joint res-
olution, approved the 10th February. 1854. and that prirt of
the act approved 3d March, 1855, entitled " An act making
appiopuatious for the civil and diplomatic expense* of the
Go\einment, for thejeur ending the 30th Juuo, l£58, and
for other puiposes," authorizing the said supetiutendunt to
increase the force in his office by the employment of two
additional desks, and fixing their compensation, shall he,
and aie hereby, lepealed.
So that the clause would read:
For compensation of the Superintendent of Public Prhit-
mg.aiid the clerks and messenger m hisoffice,$7,900. And
the joint i evolution, approved the 10th February, 1854, &c.
Mr. FITCH. I apprehend the Committee on
Finance were in error in offering that amendment.
The object was to dispense with some of the cler-
ical force in the Superintendent's office, doubtless.
That is coriect in part; but it goes still further,
and it reduces the salary of the Superintendent
to $2,500.
Mr. HUNTER. We have modified it.
Mr. FITCH. I refer to the provision as I find
it in the printed bill before me.
Mr. HUNTER. It has been modified since.
I ask the Secretary to read that modification.
The Secretary read the modified amendment,
which is to strike out, in lines one hundred and
eighty-five and one hundred and eighty-six, the
words 11 $11,514," and in lieu thereof insert:
Nine thousand seven hundred and fourteen dollars; and
that hereafter the Superintendent of Public Printing shall
not be allowed to employ more than three clerks in his
office.
So as to make the clause read:
For compensation of the Superintendent of Public Print-
ing, and the clerks and -messenger in his office, $9,714; and
that hereafter the Superintendent of Public Printing shall
not he allowed to employ more than three clerks in his
ollice.
Mr. HUNTER. It only reduces the appro-
priation for one clerk.
Mr. PITCH. I believe the effect of that will
be to leave the salary of the Superintendent and
three clerks as it now is.
Mr. HUNTER. Yes sir.
Mr. FITCH. That is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 32, line two
hundred and seventy-five, to strikeout "^93,243,
and inscit:
One hundred and thirty-two thousand six hundred and
fortv dollars. And that the twenty-nine clerks, now trans-
fened bv the Secretary of the Treasury irom the Third
Auditor's office to other bureaus ot the Treasury Depart-
ment, shall be permanently transferred to those offiees,and
taken tVom that of the Third Atiditoi ; but nothing herein
contained shall be go construed as to take fiom the several
heads of Departments the power to tian«far eierk-s tempor
jarilv from one office or buieau to mother.
So that the clause will re^d:
For compensation of the "Third Auditor, and the clerks^
