1970
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
South must be able to carry our ticket against an
Abolitionist, I take it, or any one claiming anti-
slavery views. We ought to bo able to do it on
the Cincinnati platform, which we made a suc-
cessful fight of; and if we cannot carry our ticket,
why then, of pourse, we must make up our minds
to be defeated in the South; and if I would dis-
criminate for anybody, I should say that those
gentlemen in the North who had the laboring oar
were entitled to the most consideration; but 1 pro-
posed no change for any. I understand they are
willing to make the fight upon the old ground,
and so am I. The Senator differs with me. Of
course, he has a right to his opinion, and I to
mine; and I will no longer occupy the time of the
Senate.
Mr. GREEN obtained the floor.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator from Mis-
souri allow me to say five words in answer to one
matter relative to myself?
Mr. GREEN. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator from North
Carolina referred to my vote upon the Badger
proviso in the Kansas-Nebraska bill. I desire to
say in relation to that, I thought that had been
so fully explained years ago that no one could now
misapprehend it. When we proposed to repeat
the Missouri compromise line, it was objected by
the Republicans that our object in so doing was
to evade the French colonial law, and thereby es-
tablish slavery; and in order to avoid that inter-
pretation we said, no; we did not mean that; our
object is neither to legislate it into the Territory
nor to legislate it out. That is exactly what the
Badger proviso said, and all I voted for when I
voted for that proviso.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The words, though, are
both protecting and establishing.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The words are, that that
act is not intended to protect, establish, or abolish
slavery, or anything of the kind.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will read the words again.
They are:
"That nothing herein contained shall be construed to
revive, or put in force any law or legulation winch may
have exutctl prior to the act of the. tith of March, IK-jo,
either protecting, establishing, prohibiting, or abolishing
slavery.
Now, if it had been " establishing or abolish-
ing," the Senator might plausibly maintain the
position; but the words are ".protecting" and
u prohibiting;" that is, that they would not revive
any law of that kind, by which slavery was pro-
tected. The clear inference, I think, of every
mind, will be that the object was to leave the Ter-
ritory without any law at all, so that the Consti-
tution might operate upon it, and the Territoual
Legislature might do whatever they legitimately
could do; whatever was rightful legislation under
the Constitution. I think that we cannot arrive
at any other construction. Perhaps I am wrong.
Mr. CLAY. I wish the Senator would give
mc a single moment. I think it is proper that
this matter should be fully explained at this time;
and as 1 participated in that legislation, and voted
for that bill, and voted for this Badger amend-
ment, I think I understand it fully, and can ex-
plain it clearly. The Senator from Louisiana
[Mr. Benjamin] has saved me from the necessity
of saying something that might be necessary to
be said; but here are the facts in relation to that
Badger proviso, and the debate itself explains it
fully. If the Senator would read the remarks of
his predecessor (Mr. Badger) upon this floor, he
would see that it does not bear the construction,
and has not the import, which he now gives to it.
What were the facts? Under the old colonial
law of France, there was a slave code provided
for this Territory. It was said by the opposition
to this repeal of the Missouri restriction line: if
you repeal that line you revive ail these slave
codes of the French colony. It was saicfon this
side of the Chamber, by northern gentlemen: we
have repealed this line; we have proposed to sub-
mit this question of the right to carry slaves and
to hold thorn in the Territories to the courts, and
have pledged ourselves to abide by that decision;
you do not propose, certainly, by this measure
to revive that slave code of the French colony;
but you will do so by repealing this restriction j
It was readily conceded, on our side, that we did '
not propose at that time to revive any slave code I
that might have existed under the French colonial !
government. Then they said: say so upon the j
facc of this bill. It was merely to negative the
conclusion, which was drawn by the enemies of
the bill, that it was our purpose covertly and in-
sidiously to revive the old French colonial laws
for the protection of slavery, that that amend-
ment was made; but at the same time it did not
commit us not to protect that property after the
judicial decision was made in our favor; and «the
Senator himself, I think, surely does not now
maintain that, if we have the right under that
decision "to carry and to hold slaves there, we
are precluded by that measure from affording that
property protection, if it should be invaded by the
legislation of Territories. That is simply the ex-
planation of the Badger amendment, and what we
intended by it—no more and no less.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I merely wish to ask one
question, and then I will give way to the Senator
from Missouri. I do not agree with the Senators
in this particular construction. So far as that act
is concerned, it might have rested there with the
consti uction which the Senator from Alabama
puts on it; but/we reaffirmed it at Cincinnati, and
referred back to this act as a principle of general
policy; and I will ask him, or I will ask the Sen-
ator from Illinois, if he holds that, since this de-
cision of the Supreme Court, property ought now
to be protected m a Territory by Congress, why
he will not vote for a bill, such as is proposed by
the other Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,]
to protect the property in Kansas, and why he is
not at this time in favor of a slave code or some
legislation to protect property in Kansas?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will answer the Senator
very willingly. 1 say the South has a right, to
legislation when necessary. I see no necessity
for a law. I am not going to pass a law upon
every occasion anybody may taunt me with my
right to pass a law. 1 want a law for practical
effect. Now, I have not the remotest idea that
Kansas is going to be a slave State, and I would
not give a snap of my finger for a thousand laws
to protect slaveiy m Kansas while a Tenitory,
and therefore 1 shall not vote for one.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then the Senator does not
rest it upon that high constitutional right that he
has been arguing as meaning to insist upon, but
rents it upon soil and climate, which does not
differ from the view presented by Governor Walk-
er, that, because the climate or soil, or something
else, will not make Kansas a slave State, he will
not protect slavery in it; so that this great con-
stitutional right now is to be shaved down to soil
and climate.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am sorry I c^inot make
myself understood by the Senator fiom North
Carolina. Iasscit a certain principle to be a sound
constitutional principle, vital to the equality of
the southern States of the Union and their self-
respect—one that they cannot possibly give up.
He asks me why, if we have such a right, wc uo
not exercise it now. I say we do not want to
exercise it now. Wc want a recognition of our
right, because it is denied; but we do not want to
exercise it now, because there is no occasion for
exercising it now. That is all 1 have to say.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then, I ask the Senator,
will it not be just as well to wait until we do want
it, to get it recognized ? What is the advantage
of get ting abstract recognitions of a right for legis-
lation at a future day, when a necessity for its
exercise may never occur ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would have been per-
fectly willing, if the right had not been denied, to
have said nothing about it; but it is dmied, and
the moment a man denies my right, I want to bring
that point to an issue.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I want to ask the
Senator if he does not know that this very right
i was denied, four years ago and ten years ago, in
i speeches?
| Mr. BENJAMIN. I did know it, and pro-
vided for determining it by the courts.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The courts, the gentleman
says, have decided it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I so contend.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will not argue that now.
At any rate, the Senator thinks it is not worth
; enough to be put in exercise. Here are some two
' hundred negroes, I believe tUe Senator from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Brown] says, now m Kansas, and
the territorial authorities have legislated against
them. The Senator from Louisiana is willing,
therefore, to let the owners of these two hundred
slaves lose them, unless the Constitution and the
courts save them.
Mr. BENJAMIN. No; the Senator is mis-
taken. If one southern man loses one slave in
Kansas, and if the courts cannot return it to him, I
will then be instantly for the exercise of the pow-
ers of every department of the Government; but-
I do not believe that is going to happen in the
case of Kansas. I do not believe a southern man
is going to lose a slave there. The moment, how-
ever, one does, and the judiciary—which is one
branch of the Federal Government, and one of
three—shall show that it cannot return that slave,
then I shall want the Executive to do it; and if
the Executive and the judiciary together cannot
do it, then I shall want congressional action. I
shall want every power m this General Govern-
ment, in all its branches, whenever the necessity
for the exercise shall arise. I say again, I do not
believe there is any necessity for it now; nor
would there be a necessity even for its recognition,
but for its denial; were it not that we met together
to form a common platform, and we could not go
out to the country and show one face to the South
and another to the North, in my judgment, with-
out dishonor.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then the Senator will wait
until somebody loses his negro, and the court has
decided that he cannot have the value, and then he
is for passing a law. That will not help the man
to his propeity. It is very much like having no
law against murder until sonic man's head is cut
off, and the judge decides there is no law, and then
he will legislate. It seems to me our laws should
he preventive; and if you say you arc going to
legislate, when you will not legislate with regard
to Kansas, why in regard to any other Territory ?
Who is it that will take his slaves into any new
Territory if he supposes that the first lot of them
will be run off and he will lose them, and he is not
to have any law until after he has lost them, and
after he has commenced a suit, and the courts teli
him that he has no remedy, and then he will come
to Congress? I cannot conceive a better mode of
keeping slaveholders out of the Territories, if the
first man who goes is to lose his property.
Mr. GREEN. I move to postpone the further
consideration of this subject, in order to have an
executive session.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask the Senator to yield
for a moment.
Mr. GREEN. I cannot yield the floor this eve-
ning, but I will consent that the Senator shall have
to-morrow.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I only want the floor for one
minute now.
Mr. GREEN. Well, I will yield for one min-
ute.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I simply desire to say that
I did not reply to the arraignment made of my
political action by the Senator from Mississippi,
yesterday, for the reason that the Senator from
North Carolina was entitled to the floor. I pro-
pose, with the consent of the Senate, to make that
reply on the day after to-morrow. I shall confine
myself simply to the bill of indictment presented
by the Senator from Mississippi. I have no ar-
raignment to make of him, or anybody else. I
have no argument to enter into on these abstract
questions that I have fully discussed before. I am
prepared to meet the Senator's arraignment, and
to defend my action in connection with the Dem-
ocratic party, and to defend the organization of
the party, and its platform, against the assaults
that have been made. In regard to the Senator's
declaration that he will grant no quarter to squat-
ter sovereignty, I can only say to him that it will
remain for the victor to grant quarter, or to grant
mercy. I ask none. I am ready to make my de-
fense, and, with the consent of the Senate-, 1 will
do so on the day after to-morrow, and I move the
postponement of these resolutions ftntil that time,
m order that I may do so.
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
Mr. GREEN. I merely yielded to the Senator '
from Illinois. I am perfectly willing to postpone
the question until the day after to-morrow, if that
_ suits his convenience better than any other day;
j and if that be the pleasure of the Senate, I shall
' then ask for a short executive session.
Mr. WADE. 1 should like to see this discus-
sion carried on; but I feel that there is a measure
at the back of it which it is my duty to press
until it is finally decided, according to the agree-
