THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
scription so taken from the said arsenal by the mob; whether
the same or any part thereof had been retained, and the
value of such-as were lost; whether Captain Luther Leon-
ard, the United States officer in command of the arsenal
at tnc time, communicated the facts in relation to its seizure
and robbery to his superior officer, and what measures, if
any, were taken in reference thereto.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, the object o'f the
amendment "will be manifest upon its facc. "With-
out any remark upon the honorable Senator who
offered it, its purpose is, if it can be done, to liken
the recent occurrence at Harper's Ferry, in Vir-
f'nia, to the late occurrences in the Territory of
ansas. Now, if that Senator thinks he can ef-
fect any object by pursuing that procedure, I will
not stand in his way; but I submit, to him and to
the Senate, that its only effect, if offered as an
amendment to this resolution, will bo to delay or
to hinder or to embarrass the operation of the com-
mittee raised for the purposes indicated by the
resolution.
I would submit, also, to that Senator that, if
the only legitimate object of the inquiry be to as-
certain facts, and when the facts arc ascertained
to apply the appropriate legislation; in the docu-
ment which he lias read, the official report of the
officer in command at Liberty at the time this act
is alleged to have been committed, lie has an offi-
cial recital of all the facts connected with it. If
the honorable Senator thinks there is any legisla-
tion wanting to prevent the recurrence of such an
attack on, or seizure of, the public arms, he will
not find me in his way in applying the appropriate
legislation; or, if at this day, after four years have
elapsed, and neither that Senator nor others who
agree with him have asked an investigation, the
honorable Senator thinks, notwithstanding this
lapse of time, that he can attain any object, or
those with whom he acts can attain any object, by
setting up this inquiry, I will not only not bo in
his way, but I will vote for his committee of in-
quiry. Let him ask for a committee, and I will
^ote with him for it. t)n the score of time, he
will gain by this course; on the score of expense,
the country will gain by it; because it will De im-
possible, if the amendment should be adopted, that
the committee proposed by the resolution can pur-
sue both inquiries at once; one must take pre-
cedence of the. other, of necessity, and time thus
would be lost in getting at whatever object the
Senator may have m view; and on the score of
expense, that will be inerenscd, because a new set
of machinery must be got up for the committee in
its new operations.
If the Senator has read the resolution which
I had the honor to offer yesterday, he will find
that it only seeks an inquiry into facts—nothing
more; and it lays, as I submit with deference, a
proper foundation for that inquiry. The occur-
rence at Harper's Ferry is one of general noto-
riety—nobody questions that. The public arm-
ory and arsenal were seized by a body of armed
men at midnight, when all were asleep; murders
were committed upon peaceful citizens 111 the vil-
lage; and the troops who were sent there by the
President of the United States to protcct the public
property were resisted, and one of them was mur-
dered and another wounded. Those who made
the attack brought with them a military equipment
on a very lnrge scale; so it is alleged, ana I know
the fact, for 1 saw it. They came under color of
an orgnnized government. The honorable Sen-
ator has designated those who came on that mis-
sion as fools; but yet they came under color of
an organized government. These are facts which
I allege can be shown; but they are not yet shown
in any official form whatever.
Another fact, to which the attention of the pro-
Eosed committee is^to be directed, and which lies
ehind all, is to ascertain whcnce the resources
were derived for that expedition, who supplied
the money and the ammunition, and the counsels
that sent it there. There has been no report upon
any of these facts of any kind. When we get at
the facts, and establish them as facts, it may be
that, so far as the public property is concerned,
we can supply legislation to protcct it hereafter.
So far as it was the intention, if it was the inten-
tion, of those wiio came there thus supplied with
money and with arms, tosubveit the government
of aay of the States, if it should be found, as
probably it would be found, that it is not within
the power of Congress by legislation to prevent
that, then it will result not to the southern States
alone, but to all the States, to provide proper meas-
ures for their own protection. Wc can have no
legislation, we can have no information upon which
we can act as a Senate, a branch of the Legisla-
ture, unless wc have the facts verified by proof.
That is the whole object of the committee.
Now, sir, the honorable Senator has all the
facts connected with the alleged irruption at Lib-
erty, in Missouri; and if he can base any legisla-
tion upon them, let him do it; he will not find me
in his way. I will go with him, provided my
judgment concurs with his that legislation is re-
quired; and I say to him again, let him withdraw
his amendment, and show a proper case for an
inquiry into the alleged irruption in Missouri, and
I will vote for his committee.
I will not ascribe to the honorable Senator any
purpose to embarrass the course of this resolution;
but I will say to him, what I take it for granted
he knows, that if it should be adopted, it will em-
barrass and delay and hinder it. It will connect
two subjects together that do not belong to each
other properly. I am seeking to make no polit-
ical capital of this; I ascribe no such motive to
the Senator; I want to get the facts before the peo-
ple—nothing more. 1 want my constituents to
know where they stand in this business; and if it
is not within the power of Congress to protcct the
States hereafter from machinations, which we in-
fer exist, and which may be developed by inquiry,
then that it may be remitted to the States to take
proper measures to protect themselves—a course
of inquiry not at all germane to that which would
be instituted under the amendment proposed by
the honorable Senator.
It is the pleasure oi the honorable Senator to
say that we disregarded the shrieks from Kansas,
and that now wo have shrieks from Virginia. If
his tastes, or his political education, lead him to
speak in that manner of any State of this Union,
it is not for me to be his monitor, or to follow his
example. I should like to know when that hon-
orable Senator heard any shrieks from Virginia.
I should like to know if that honorable Senator
conceives he can be sustained by any even of his
constituents in speaking in that manner of one of
the States of this Union. Shrieks from the State
of Virginia ! Sir, I do not know what sort of peo-
ple, what sort of population are represented in the
Senate of the United States by one who speaks
hereof shrieks from one of the States of this Union.
I trust the lime may never come—an evil day it
will be for the continent of America—when the
Suites of this Union shall be remitted to their sov-
ereignty for their protection. But I do not speak
it of my own honored State alone; I speak it as
due to political communities, to sovereign States,
that you hear no shrieks from them, happen what
may in their political relations with other States
ana other sovereignties.
I have no control over the course of business
prescribed by the honorable Senator, but 1 sub-
mit it to him and his political associates that they
do not attempt to embarrass this inquiry by add-
ing to it matter that is not germane, i have no
right to proffer any aid on this side, but if I know
those with whom I act, and that honorable Sena-
tor will lay a proper foundation for any inquiry
into misdeeds m this Confederacy by any portion
of the population anywhere, we not only will not
stifle the inquiry, but we will give him a commit-
tee. Let him nsk one independently, as a right,
and not seek to tack it on to a totally separate in-
quiry here, upon a subject of recent occurrence,
and of most grave moment. I shall, of course, not
vote for the amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, nothing
that the Senator from Virginia may say will drive
me to the position of making any attack upon the
honored State of Virginia, or saying anything
disrespectful of her or of any other State. I used
the term " shriek" as it was used in regard to the
people of Kansas. Sir, I would not cast contempt
or ridicule upon any portion of the country. Did
the Senators who used that word in regard to ,
the Kansas people mean it as the Senator from '
Virginia lias construed it? I am not prepared to |
say that the honorable Senator from Virginia has |
ever used that word—I have not looked to see—=*—
Mr. MASON. Never, I assure you.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But I am very certain it
has been used repeatedly upon this floor and upon
the other side of the Chamber, in regard to the
people of Kansas, and this is the first time, at any
rate, that the Senator from Viiginia has thought;
proper to administer a rebuke to any one for
using it.
Mr. MASON. If the Senator will allow me
to interrupt him, I will say this: I believe that
was one of the slang phrases of the day three or
four years ago, but my impression was—I am
willing to be corrected—that the term " shriek"
came from the political associates of the honor-
able Senator, and they were called " shrieks for
freedom"—not "shrieks from Kansas." That
is my recollection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think, Mr. President, it
will be found that it was a term applied* by the
Democracy to a great party in this country, call-
ing them 44 Kansas shriekers." That is my rec-
ollection; and I think it will not be very safe for
the members of the Senate upon the other side of
the Chamber to put themselves upon the ground
that they have not used this term. I have not
searched the records for it, and f made use of it
merely as a term that had been used here in ref-
erence to one of the Territories of the country, and
by no means in a reproachful spirit in regard to
the great State of Virginia, which is doubtless
able to take care of and protect herself.
What the Senator has said here to-day shows
that his attention was not called to the outrages
in the western portion of the country. I lived
nearer to them than he did; and although I under-
stood that expeditions were fitted out from the
very State of v irginia to go to Kansas with a view
to make it a slave State, and although I under-
stood that secret organizations were got up in the
very State of Virginia for that purpose, it seems
that the Senator paid very little attention to these
things three or four years ago.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator indulge me a
moment? I never heard of a suspicion that there
was a secret, association in the State of Virginia
for the purpose of sending people to Kansas.
There was no occasion in the world to make it
secret.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The book from which I
read shows that a secret organization was got up
in Virginia. It is not, perhaps, as the Senator
from Virginia supposes, the official report of the
officer in charge of the arsenal !}t Liberty, Mis-
souri ; it is the report of the Kansas investigating
committee, and the testimony of Captain Leonard
before that committee.
Mr. MASON. I understood the Senator to
say it was the report of the captain.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is the sworn statement
of the captain before that committee. The Sen-
ator now shakes his head at it. It was because
we wanted these very facts, that I introduced this
amendment. The fact appears here but incident-
ally. A committee was sent to Kansas by the
House of Representatives, to inquire, I believe,
in regard to the election of a Delegate from that
Territory, and make some other inquiries, and
incidentally, in investigating that question and the
troubles of Kansas, with which they were to some
extent charged, it became necessary to ascertain
where an army of invaders had come from, and
where they obtained their arms;and in inquiring
about this organized body which they found en-
camped in Kansas, it came out that they were
from Missouri, and had broken into the arsenal
at Liberty, and supplied themselves with arms.
This was not an investigation that the committee
was properly charged with; it was an occurrence
m the State of Missouri, and therefore there is a  
propriety in ascertaining the facts;and the allusion
1 made to the State of Virginia m connection with
the Territory of Kansas was for the very purpose
which, I am happy to say, I have accomplished,
of getting the Senator's attention. He could not
hear, or paid very little attention, four years ago,
to these things from tho far-off poople of Kansas.
Now his ears se(;m to be open, and it is because
they are open, and because this matter has been
brought nearer home, that I have thought proper
to introduce this amendment, hoping now that we
can get his attontion to it, not for the purpose of
embarrassing his resolution. I shall vote for his
resolution, whether he and his friends vote down
my amendment or not. He shall have my sup-
port to make his investigation, though he will not
investigate the transaction to which I have culled
attention; and I trust he will have a unanimous
vote in favor of his investigation, and that no
person will vote against it because he may refuse
to have this other investigation also. It seems to
