1026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
isfted the General Land Office that the mail® have
been- carried in accordance with that contract ?
Mr. COBB. Yes, sir; the parties must satisfy
the Post Office Department that they have com-
plied with all contracts.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill as amended was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and, being en-
i, was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. COBB*moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POST OFFICE AT ROME, GEORGIA.
Mr. UNDEitWOOD. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce a bill simply
for reference.
There being no objection, Mr. Underwood in-
troduced a bill appropriating $10,000 for the con-
struction of a post office at Rome, Georgia, and
for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
JOHN V. DOBBYN.
Mr. WINSLOW. As I am unexpectedly com-
pelled to go home, I ask the indulgence of the
House, to introduce a bill merely for reference.
There being no objection, Mr. Winslow in-
troduced a bill for the relief of John V. Dobbyn,
a purser in the United States Navy; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
TEXAS COURT-HOUSE.
< Mr. HAMILTON. I ask the same indulgence
of the House. I have been unavoidably absent
from the House for some days from sickness. I
ask consent to introduce a bill for reference.
There being no objection, Mr. Hamilton in-
troduced a bill making an appropriation for the
crection of court-houses for the United States dis-
trict courts in the cities of Austin and Tyler, in
the State of Texas; winch was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
SURVEY OP CHENIERE ISLAND.
Mr. LANDRUM, by unanimous consent? in-
troduced abill recognizing the survey of Cheniere
Island, in the State of Louisiana, as approved by
the surveyor general, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee 011 Public Lands.
LOUISIANA SWAMP LANDS.
Mr. LANDRUM also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill supplemental to an act entitled
" An act to aid the State of Louisiana in draining
the swamp lands therein;" Vfiich was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
REMOVAL OF THE SEAT OF GOVERNMENT.
Mr. ALDRICH asked unanimous consent to
introduce the following resolution:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, That the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means be, and hereby are, instructed
to inquire into the expediency and propriety of removing
the capital 01 this nation to some point on the Mississippi
river, at or between the falls of St. Anthony and the city
of St. Louis, and report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. CLEMENS and others objected.
NEBRASKA RAILROAD ACT.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Public Lands, reported back House bill No.
210, granting lands to the Territory of Nebraska
for the construction of certain railroads therein.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. That bill is reported
back with'an amendment. I desire to enter a mo-
tion to recommit it to the Committee on Public
Lands, and that it be printed.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr COBB. As the morning hour is out, I move
to go to the business 011 the Speaker's table. The
bill just reported by the gentleman from Indiana,
of course every gentleman will examine.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order,
add is received.
UNITED STATES AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for, leave to report, from the
Committee for the District of Columbia, a bill
incorporating the United States Agricultural So-
ciety.
Mr. COBB. I have no objection.
• The SPEAKER. There is no objection, and
the gentleman will submit his report.
Mr. BURNETT. I report the bill I have in-
dicated, and I ask that it be put on its passage.
It is nothing more than a simple act of incorpora-
tion. My reason for making the request that it
be now passedis, that I understand the proposed
incorporators have a promise, in case the society
is organized and incorporated, of a deed to a lot
in this city upon which to erect a suitable build-
ing for agricultural exhibitions.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Is the society one for
the United States?
Mr. BURNETT. It is a mere act of incorpo-
ration confining the action of this Agricultural
Society in and to the District of Columbia, and
no more.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title; and the bill was then read in txtenso.
Mr. BURNETT. Mr. Speaker, I am perhaps
as much opposed to acts of incorporation as any
gentleman upon this floor; and when they are
granted, I am for guarding them strictly and
rigidly. This is a simple act of incorporation.
It merely authorizes the incorporation of an Ag-
ricultural Society for the District of Columbia.
It extends no further. The bill, as read, author-
izes them to sue and be sued within the District
of Columbia "and elsewhere." Those words,
" and elsewhere,"the committee reported should
be stricken out, and I thought they had been
stricken out.
I hope the lpill wiirnow be passed, for the rea-
son I have already stated. If any gentleman is
unwilling that it should be passed at this time,
and desires a postponement, givinga reason why
it should not be acted on at once, I will unhesitat-
ingly yield for a motion to postpone.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
^ Mr. BURNETT. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I object to putting
the bill upon its passage.
Mr. FLORENCE. It is bad enough to have
acts of incorporation introduced here without
having them put upon their passage under the
operation of the previous question. Ihave no par-
ticular objection to the bill; but I would like to
have an opportunity of examining it. I would
ask the gentleman from Kentucky whether it in-
cludes a rigid liability clause? Unless it does, I
certainly will not vote for it; I will vote for 110 act
of incorporation that does not contain that clause.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BURNETT. That motion is not now in
order. To meet the views of gentlemen, I with-
draw t^e demand for the previous question, and
ask tlfat a motion to recommit be entered.
Mr. FLORENCE. That is right. I .do not
object to that.
The SPEAKER. The motion to recommit is
entered.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the bill and re-
port be printed.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN KENTUCKY.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a bill providing
for an additional term of the United States circuit
and district courts in the State of Kentucky.
Previous notice has been given.
There was no objection; and the bill was re-
ceived, read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. STOUT. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House for leave to introduce a bill to provide
for the construction of a railroad from the Mis-
souri river to the Pacific ocean.
There was no objection; and the bill was re-
ceived, and read a first and second time by its
title. '
Mr. STOUT. I move that the bill be referred to
the select committee on the Pacific railroad ques-
tion, to which committee other bills for a Pacific
railroad have been referred.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
VISIT TO MOUNT VERNON.
Mr. FLORENCE. Yesterday we accepted the
invitation of the Ladies' Mount Vernon Associa-
tion to visit Mount Vernon to-day, and I move
that the House do now adjourn, in order that we
may execute that acceptance practically.
Mr. BRANCH. Let there be a general under-
standing that no business shall be done to-day,
and then those who wish to make speeches can
do so, and those who wish to go with the Ladies'
Mount Vernon Association to Mount Vernon,
can do so.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us get through with the
introduction and reference of some bills first.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will waive my motion to
adjourn for a moment or two.
CUSTOM-HOUSE OATHS.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to submit the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means ba
instiucted to inquire into the expediency of abolishing cus-
tom-house oaths, and of substituting declarations in lieu
thereof, with proper penalties for breach of the same.
There was no objection; and the resolution was
then adopted.
LEWIS W. CIIATFIF.LD.
Mr. HELMICK, by unanimous consent, pre-
vious notice having been given, introduced a bill
for the relief of Lewis W. Chatfield; whiyh was
read a first and second time by its title, and referred
to the'Committee on Private Land Claims.
NANCY BUKEY.
Mr. HELMICK, by unanimous consent, pre-
vious notice having been given, also introduced a
bill for the relief of Nancy Bukey; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
JACOB AMMON.
Mr. HELMICK, by unanimous consent, pre-
vious notice haying been given, also introduced a
bill for the relief of Jaco.b Ammon; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
JOHN JACKSON.
Mr. HELMICK, by unanimous consent, pre-
vious notice having been given, also introduced a
bill granting a pension to John Jackson, an in-
valid soldier; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
ALEXANDER CROSS.
Mr. TOMPKINS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House that the report of the Court of
Claims on the petition of Alexander Cross be
taken from the files of the House, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
There was 110 objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
EXTENSION OP THE PORT OF NEW ORLEANS.
Mr. TAYLOR, by unanimous consent, pre-
vious notice having been given, introduced a bill
to extend the port of entry of New Orleans, so
as to include the city of Jefferson, in the State of
Louisiana; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
BAYOU LA TOUCHE,
Mr. TAYLOR, by unanimous consent, pre-
vious notice having been given, also introduced
a bill to remove the obstructions in the bayou La
Fouehe, in the State of Louisiana; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Has the morning hour
expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move , then, that wp pro-
ceed to the business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. SHERMAN. If objection is made to
getting through with this little business of intro-
ducing bills for refererce, I move, then, that the
rules be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
