1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1027
the Union. I hope that it will be the understand-
ing that no business will be done, in order that
those who wish to may go to Mount Vernon to-
day.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have no objection to that,
Mr. BURNETT. I wish to say that I deem
it my duty, now and at all times, to oppose any-
thing being done here, whether making speeches
or doing the business of legislation, without a
quorum. If 1 can prevent this House sitting and
proceeding: without a quorum, I will do so.
Mr. FLORENCE. I call for tellers upon my
motion to adjourn.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hoard and
Florence were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-eight; whereupon,
Mr. FLORENCE called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 48, nays 102; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Thomas L.Anderson, Ashley,
Avery, Barrett, Bocock, Bonham, Boyce, Bristow, Bur-
nett, John B. Clark, Clemens, Clopton, John Cochrane,
Cooper, Burton Craige, Crawford, John G. Davis, Ed-
muudson, Floienee,J. Morrison Harris, Hatton, Hindman,
Howard, Hughes, Jackson, Jones, Kilgore, Larrabee, Jaines
M. Leach, Maclay, Elbert S. Martin, McClernan<l, Mc-
Queen, McRac, Miles, Montgomery, Niblack, Noell, Pen-
dleton, Rutlin, William Smith, Stout, Taylor, Underwood,
Vance, Whiteley, and Wright—48.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ald-
rich, Alley, William C. Anderson, Barksdale, Bingham,
Brabson, Branch, Buffinton, Burch, Burnham, Campbeli,
Carey. Case, Cobb, Colfax, Conkling, Covode, Cox, Jaines
Crai£,'Curry, Curtis, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Eliot, Etlicr-
idge, Fanmvorth, Feriy, Fiench, Gilmer,Gooch,Graham,
Grow, Gurlcy, Hall, John T. Harris, Helmiek, Hoard, Hnl-
man, Houston, Humphrey, Hutchins, junkin, France W.
Kellogz, William KeHog?, Lamar, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee,
Logan, Lonjrnecker, Loomis, Love, Lovejoy, Maliory,
McKnight, Mcpherson, Sydenham Moore, Moorhead, Mor-
rill, Edward Joy Morris, Nixon, OUn,Perry, Peyton, Porter,
P^ter, Prjor, Pugh, Reagan, Reynolds, Riggs, Christopher
l^^nsen, Royce, Scott, Sedgwick, Sherman, Simms, Sm-
gfefen, Somes, Spmner, Stalhvorth. Stanton, Stevens, Ste-
venson, Stokes, Stratton, 1 appan, Tompkins, Train, Trim-
ble, Van Wyek, Waldron, Walton, Elhhu B. Washburn©,
Israel Washburn, Webster, Wells, Wilson, Windom, and
Wcodruff—102.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE, interrupting the call of the
roll, said: Gentlemen tell me they will be de-
prived of the opportunity of going to Mount Ver-
non if this call is proceeded to completion. I ask,
therefore, that by unanimous consent I may with-
draw the call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object.
The Clerk proceeded with the call, but was sub-
sequently interrupted by
Mr. HOUSTON, who snid: If it be the inten-
tion of the House to go into committee and at-
tend to business, I will withdraw my objection.
Mr. BURNETT. I shall object.
The Clerk proceeded with the call.
Mr. POTTLE stated that he was paired off
with Mr. English for the remainder of the day.
Mr. GARTRELL stated that he was paired
off for the day with Mr. Dawes; otherwise he
would have voted no."
Mr. CLEMENS stated that he was paired off
with Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania, for two
weeks from next Monday.
Mr. THAYER stated that he was paired off
with Mr. Davidson.
Mr. MAYNARD stated that he was pairett off
with Mr. Nelson, who was opposed to him on
this question.
Mr. BRIGGS. I was not present when my
name was called. I desire to vote to adjourn, to
accept the.invitation to visit Mount Vernon. I!
suppose there will be no objection.
Mr. BINGHAM objected.
Mr. SCHWAJR.TZ stated that he would have
voted in the negative had he been present when
his name was called.
The result was then announced, as above re-
corded.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I now move that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, with the under-
standing that no business shall be transacted after-
wards.
The motion was agreed to.
THE PRESIDENT'S ANNUAL MESSAGE.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Wasiibukkk, of Illinois, m the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the President's an-
nual message, upon which the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Van Wyck] was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Mr. Chairman, for many
weeks*! was a patient listener to eloquent speeches
from ths leaders of the so-called Democratic party
on the floor of this House.
Why do they charge the Republicans as agi-
tators, when they themselves have been sounding
the notes of disunion and preaching violence,for
the only purpose of alarming the timidity of one,
and the weakness of another section of a common
country; of arraying faction against faction; first,
to steel the heart against all sentiments of human-
ity, and then nerve the arm to execute its unholy
impulses; charging treason upon the North, and
counseling the South to rebellion and resistance.
When you, gentlemen, came to this Capitol, the
agitation occasioned by the Harper's Ferry riot
was subsiding. In the discharge of what you call
a patriotic duty, you gathered together the ele-
ments of that unfortunate strife, and increased the
turbulence m the public mind.
The storm which gathered for a moment across
a summer sky, then broke in the sunshine and
dissipated in the rain drops, you call back, and by
the eloquence of words and the impulse of fear, in
the "chambers of your imagery" you generate a
storm whereby you seek to send forth hurricane
and tempest to prostrate the oaks and temples of
the Republic in one common ruin. The torch of
the incendiary had been smothered, and you s^ize
the blackened flambeau, rush forth with the mad-
ness and folly of the suicide, and essay to light
up the flames of civil war and fratricidal strife.
You, gentlemen, and not John Brown, have un-
chained the whirlwind of angry passion and bit-
ter invective; you have unbarred the thunder and
loosened the lightning shaft, whereby you sought
to rend asunder the people of a great nation, so
that, in your own language on this fiopr, the
"Union might be wrecked from turret to founda-
tion stomV'and " the Constitution torn in tat-
ters." Then from the ruins of one, and the dis-
membered body of the other, you might erect a
confederacy cemented by the blood, watered by
the tears, and strengthened by the groans of your
bondmen; which would fill the measure of your
avarice and feed the cravings of your ambition.
Day after day, with the most vindictive lan-
guage, have we been arraigned as guilty of arson,
treason, and murder; so base was the charge, so
unjust the imputation, we meet them with our
weapons tit rest.
The gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. David-
son,] whose ambition at one time seemed to be
that he might appear in this Hall armed with a
double-barrel shotgun, in his speech on the 22d
day of December, in a defiant manner, said:
I honestly behove th't if you were tried befoie a jmy
of conscientious men, a ur\ of men who believe in a God
of all jiimce and mercy, and all intelligence, you would be
loumi guilty, access-ones bei'ore the tact, to all the dread-
ful dood* of Hiown and his associates.3'
You talk of God, justice and, mercy, who hold,
claiming by Divine authority, four million hu-
man beings in hopeless and irretrievable bondage,
and ostracize free white men who will not sing
hosannas to your traffic in the bodies and souls of
men, and stigmatize as murderers and fclone those
who will not applaud the cruelty which tramples
upon all the attributes of the mind, the affections
of the heart given by the Almighty to the children
of His own creation !
That same gentleman desired to present to the
consideration of this House one of john Brown's
\ pikes*, let me ur^e him to extend his cabinet of
1 cunositics and add one of the chains and brand-
ing irons of his coffie gang, tied by the lash with
; which the backs of women and children are
I scourged, and then, to watch them, a sleek, well-
S fed bloodhound, with quick scent, trained tosnuff
: m the ail-the track of the fleeing fugitive: lot him
; present these as symbols, the one ol Brown's
folly, and the others of his own high type oi civ-
: ilization.
' From the deluge of Democratic speeches, I
; learn that the alpha and omega of your rehgion
| and Democracy, are the diwuity and benefits of
human servitude. You are continually toiving
i this issue upon us, said the Democratic Senatoi,
' [Mr. Biglku,] a few weeks since, in the Senate
; Chamber :
"Fiomtha hour I first came into political h'e. to the
! prr^enl day, J have never gone thiougj) a political cam-
paign in which the rigiits of the South were not an import-
ant, if not the leading issue."
The leprosy of slavery is "in the warp and
woof" of your organization. When the Demo-
cratic convention,in 1856, indorsed the policy of
Franklin Pierce in the destruction of the Missouri
line, and his Kansas forays, I became satisfied
that its organization was in the hands of the slave
power, and that it was hereafter to be used to
extend slavery wherever the flag of the Union
might float, and forgetful of its ancient glories,
had made allegiance to slavery propagandism the
test of good fellowship. With many Democrats
throughout the Union, I could no longer worship
the divinity when the spirit had fled. The sys-
tem under which we had grown to be a great and
happy people, which had been ingrafted on the
laws and policy of DemocratioA-drmnistrations,
and was entwined in the expressions of speech
and habitudes of thought, was stricken down by
the rude hand of invasion.
The first attack commenced in 1850, but in 1852
the Democratic convention professed to check the
invader; and while it did not propose to repair
the breach, it promised to stay his destructive
hand. And Pierce, in his inaugural, promised
that he would cicatrize the wound, by an assur-
ance that no fresh incursions should be made. In
1854 the invader commenced sappingUnd minings
seized the outworks, toppled the battlements to'tne
ground, stormed the strong fortress, and obtained
possession. The spiritofDemocracy,thusdriven
from her ownhome, erected its standard; and while
the glory of many achievements remained with
the old organization, the fame and honor of its
ancient faith gathered legions of its former victo-
rious armies, who believed in Democracy because
of its principles, and embracing the principles,
assumed the name under which Jefferson tri-
umphed. Could it be expected that we should
sit quietly by and see the acts of every Demo-
cratic Administration rebuked; could we hold
political fellowship with those who were willing
to crucify the memory of Washington, Jefferson,
Madison, and Monroe; could we calmly witness
the desecration which could say that the men who
made the Constitution and hewed out the path
which has led to g.ory, knew not its provisions,
and understood not its spirit? And because I re-
fused to unite in this unholy work of demolition,
and lay my hands on the uniform and time-hon-
ored legislation of three fourths of a century; be-
cause I would not unite in this assault .upon the
memory of the buried dead; because I would not
rise up and declare their legislation unjust, uncon-
stitutional, and with abolition tendencies, am I to
be reproached as an apostate from Democracy?
i Sir, I would rather desert a political organization
| than to turn traitor to my own conscience, and be
j guilty of moral treason to my own judgment.
I I question no man's right to change his religious
j or political views; but 1 demand, as justice, that
| when I profess the faith, I shall be recognizcd as
} adhering to the policy, of the Democratic fathers.
The Christian may turn Jew or Mohammedan,
! but how would you stigmatize him should he in-
| sisl upon substituting the new doctrines under the
i name of the faith he abandoned. The liberty-
; loving Democrat may become a slavery propa-
! gandist, but how will history judge his attempt to
j hide the enormities of his position under the man-
| tie of his ancient name, and rendezvous with his
i confederates in the temple Jefferson built, and
I Madison, Monroe, and Jackson, guarded with so
| much care? The patent of my Democracy is in
|j the records of Democratic Administrations, and
by it I stand or fall.
As a Democrat I believe slavery to be a crime
against the laws of God and nature, violative of
the instincts of a common humanity; that it de-
grades the African, paralyzes the energies of the
Anglo-Saxon, prevents the full development of
the resources of the country, and granting to the
masses of the peopb but little of material pros-
perity and happiness.
I believe that each State is supreme in its own
borders, uncontrolled by foreign power; at liberty
to retain or revive relics of a barbarous, unchris-
tian age, whether they be slavery or polygamy.
I believe that the Territories belong to the peo-
ple, and not the States; and that the Representa-
tives of the people have the sole control and man-
agement thereof until they become States; and
that Congress should protect them from every-
