1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1971
mcnt made by the Senate on a former occasion.
There is the homestead bill lying behind all this,
and I feel that it is a duty incumbent on us to
proceed to business. I believe there is a plank
in the Democratic platform that they will resist
agitation on the slavery question in Congress and
out of Congress. I am uninterested in the first
part of it, as to agitation in Congress; but I want
to do some business.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to say to the Senator
from Ohio 
Mr. GREEN. I claim the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Hamlin
in the chair.) The Senator from Missouri is en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. GREEN. I cannot yield the floor in this
way. 1 move that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is open to debate. The Senator cannot hold the
floor unless he proposes to speak upon it.
Mr. GREEN. I have made the motion, and I
ask that it be put.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. After Senators
are heard who address the Chair, it will be put.
Mr. GREEN. It is not debatable.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask whether I am not in
order in saying a word?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
of postponement is open to discussion; but the
Chair did not understand the Senator from Ohio
as yielding the floor.
Mr. WADE. I barely wish to give notice
that to-morrow I shall move to take up the home-
stead bill, anc^press it until it is finally decided,
unless a majority overrule me.
Mr. GREEN. There is no objection to the
• notice.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is on postponing these resolu-
tions.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to say to the gentle-
man from Ohio, that I fully appreciate his zeal
for the homestead bill, and he will find me as good
a friend of the measure as he is himself; but,
if it had occurred to press it before these assaults
were made on me, instead of pressing it for the
purpose of cutting off a reply, perhaps it would
have been quite as fair towards myself and the
question involved.
Mr. WADE, Mr. JOHNSON of Tennessee,
Mr. DAVIS, and several others addressed the
Chair.
Mr. GREEN. I rise to a question of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will state his question of order,
t Mr. GREEN. A motion was made by the
Senator from Illinois to postpone the considera-
tion of this question to a certain day. That mo-
tion was proper enough, and I was willing that
it should pass without debate. I then made a
motion to proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business, which is a privileged motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair did
not understand the Senator as making such amo-
tion; but as indicating that he would make it if
the resolutions were postponed.
Mr. GREEN. I did make it distinctly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion is on the motion that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the Senator will with-
draw the motion, or if he insists upon it, I shall
vote against it. I desire to say a word or two.
> Mr. GREEN. If the Senate will give me an
executive session this evening, I shall withdraw
indefinitely. ["Certainly."]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
tor withdraw his motion *
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS, I do not wish to prevent an ex-
ecutive session, or to occupy time for more than
a moment; but I desire to have a vote on these
resolutions; I want an expression of the opinion
of the Senate by yeas and nays. An intermin-
able discussion" is not what I desire. The post-
ponement of the resolutions from time to time for
long periods, that set speeches may be made upon
them, certainly docs not answer the object, if
anything is to be achieved by an expression of
the Senate. .
The reference to votes given by the Senator
from Illinois, does not seem to be exactly what
might be termed impersonal arraignment; and the
doctrine of squatter sovereignty is a doctrine
which he must expect me to arraign, and on which
he must expect me to give no quarter, whether I
be victor or conquered. Nor can I believe that
a single individual has a right to appropriate to
himself exclusively all that belongs to a doctrine
which lie did not originate, which another founded,
which every man lias a right to criticise at his
pleasure, and which he may criticise without ren-
dering it necessary to postpone for long periods
the discussion of resolutions in order that some
individual may defend his personal consistency.
I supposed the Senator from Illinois had ex
amined pretty fully the subject to which I al luded;
i'qr, in an elaborate magazine article, T found my-
self portrayed by very partial, not to say garbled
extracts from the record,and presented man atti-
tude in which the full exposition of the record
could never have placed me; and le_aving the Sen-
ator from Illinois also in a position which the full
exposition of the record would not have accorded
to him. I did not consider this a personal ar-
raignment, though I considered it a very unfair
presentation of my case—so much so that when
I saw it in one of the newspapers of this city, I
addressed a letter to the editor, in which 1 cor-
rected an error into which any reader would fall
from the abrupt termination of one of the ex-
tracts, concealing the fact that the Senator had
himself in that debate admitted his great error,
which error was again promulgated by the partial
extract contained in his magazine article. All this
was due notice that my attention had been called
to that pa-ticular record of our debates; and I cer-
tainly supposed the Senator must have examined
it; else he should not have sent forth these ex-
tracts. My reference yesterday was exactly to
the same matter.
I wish, Mr. President, to have a vote upon these
resolutions; and I would be glad if the Senate
would fix some day when there may be a full at-
tendance, and when we can have a vote oil them.
I am willing to discuss them, or any other ques-
tion, with the Senator from Illinois. I do not
wish to press him to any very prompt discussion
of this question, or any other. I am willing to
bide his time. I am willing to take it up on any
other motion. The question is outside or inside
of any resolution which is before the Senate. I
should like to have a vote on these resolutions.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is known, sir, to the Sen-
ator from North Carolina, who was entitled to
the floor yesterday, that I proposed then to take
the floor, and repfy to so much of the speech of
the Senator from Mississippi as arraigned my
lecord. I am not now asking for time to prepare
myself. A large portion of the Senate saw me
to-day, when the Senator from North Carolina
concluded, rise and struggle for the floor. It was
awarded to the Senator from Louisiana. I made
no complaint. Then I proposed to take the day
after to-morrow. I am willing to take to-mor-
row, if it will suit the gentleman better. I shall
be brief. ' *
Mr. DAVIS. I have no wish to fix a day for
the gentleman to speak. He may fix a day him-
self.
Mr. DOUGLAS. But I am a little surprised
at the hint, several times thrown out, that I want
j time to prepare myself to reply. If I recollect
I aright, postponements have been made here, day
I after day, and time after time, of these very reso-
j lutions.'on the motion of the Senator from Mis-
I sissippi himself.
| Mr. DAVIS. But once on my motion,
j Mr. DOUGLAS. I think we came here twice
S or three times to hear his speech, and we certainly
did not hear it on those occasions.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator certainly mistakes
the facts. There was but one postponement when
anybody had a right to expect to hear me speak:
and when that postponement was made, I an-
nounced my desire to get a vote.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Surely, the postponement
has not been by any act of mine, or of any friend
of mine. I am not arraigning the postponement,
but 1 say, all the delay that has occurred has oc-
curred on that Senator's motion.
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir; never but once.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Well, whatever has occurred.
Mr. DAVIS. The resolutions have been post-
poned repeatedly, but only once on my motion,
and that was to have a full Senate to get a vote,
as I stated.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am not saying whether the
postponement was right or wrong. The resolu-
tions were postponed until yesterday, on the Sen-
ator's motion; and the debate has continued from
that time to this. I am not responsible fo/any of
this delay. I am prepared to meet these resolu-
tions at any time.
One word-further, sir. The Senator protests
that I, as one man, assume a peculiar guardian-
ship of this doctrine, when I did not originate it.
I never pretended that I originated it. If one man
is not the peculiar guardian of it, it is very evi-
den t that one man is the object of attack in regard
to it. We understand what all this thing means.
We know to what audience these speeches are ad-
dressed. We know for what object the matter is
brought up now. It is all understood; the coun-
try understands it; the Senate understands it.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not. I wish you would
state it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senator does not know
it, I am not aware that I am under any obligation
to furnish him information on that point.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire it.
[Mr. Mason made asuggestion to Mr. Davis.]
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will see what the Senator
from Virginia has to say.
Mr. MASON. I was talking to the Senator
from Mississippi.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Talking too loud, in viola-
tion of the courtesies of the body.
Mr. MASON. You are welcome to hear it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Virginia will address the Chair.
Mr. MASON. He interrupted me, sir. That
is all.
Mr. DOUGLAS. This manner does not carry
any terrors with it. I intend to maintain my rights
on the floor of the Senate. I am ready to go on
with the debate at any time, and ready to respond
to whatever attacks are made on my record by
any gentleman who chooses to engage m that busi-
ness. 1 shajl not reply to eveiwbody in detail,
unless I choose to do so. If the Senate, however,
will give me the floor to-morrow, I shall then re-
ply to so much of the argument of the Senator
from Mississippi as arraigns my political action
with reference to my votes, and to this doctrine of
squatter sovereignty. If, however, the other side
of the House choose to thrust in the homestead
bill and cut me off, I shall wait and take the first
chance I can get to speak on this question. I have
no complaints to make.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not wish discourteously to
press the question to a vote. I do not wish to
assign a particular day on which the Senator from
Illinois shall speak. I do not wish at all to inter-
fere with any right or privilege which he may
have from courtesy or the rules of the Senate. I
dislike to have the resolutions postponed that
another subject may be taken up, and the period
be, as it we're, indefinite when we are to have a
vote. We have postponed them already in order
to have a full Senate to obtain a vote; at least that
was my object. If they are postponed again, we
all know that facts which do not enter into the
Journal of the Senate, will probably produce again
the absence of a number of Senators, and render
it improper to take a vote. If therefore we do not
desire to postpone the resolutions to an indefinite
period, it is necessary that we should have a vote
at a very early day. I surely do not wish to in-
struct the Senator as to the time when he shall
speak, and he must perceive from the statement of
the case that my objection is to postponing them
so as to take any subject up to displace this, and
render it probably impossible for me to get a vote
on these resolutions at any early period.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I have a single
word to say in this connection. The resolutions
under consideration involve many questions, and
before they are disposed of, 1 desire to make some
remarks upon them. They were introduced at
an early part of the session, and have been post-
poned from time to time; sometimes for one cause,
sometimes for another. There has been another
important subject before this body, which was
also introduced at a very early period, and for the
consideration and final disposition of which last
Wednesday was fixed by an agreement on both
sides of the House. Wednesday came, and be-
cause there was a convention in session and Many
members were absent, it was passed over. The
agreement was, that on last Wednesday the home-
