1860.
THE OONG-RESSIOMI/ GLOBl-
2§IP
be transferred to quarters, or the reverse, it would
be embarrassing to the Department. I will state
a case which will> perhaps, present it as plainly
as it is in my power to do. You make an appro-
priation of a certain sum of money for forage,
upon an estimate based upon the n umber of draught
animals at tlic time in service. You make another
appropriation for transportation, by an estimate
based upon the amount of contracts existing at
the time, or anticipated, for the transportation of
public stores. In the course of the year it falls
out that your contractors fail, and you are com-
pelled to resort to the public transportation; that
is, to the draught animals owned by the United
States. The apnropiiation, then, upon the esti-
mate which had been made for transportation
would be in excess, and the appropriation upon
the estimate made for forage would be in deficiency.
The right to transfer from the one to the other is
a mode of meeting contingencies which it is not in
human foresight to anticipate. That is one of the
cases. They are now very narrowly limited, by
the act of 18*10, to such transfers as it seems to me
can never do harm. I do not think it would be
proper to reduce it below the limit of the act of
1820, which provides, in the Army and the Navy,
for a certain amount of transfer,and which I do not
believe would be interfered with by this language;
because "branch of expenditure," I take it, would
relate to matters involved in the quartermaster's
department for transportation, for quarteis, for
barracks, for runt of sites, &c. If it be otherwise,
it certainly would embarrass the Government, and
devolve upon Congress the necessity of making
appropriations upon estimates framed to covHr
contingencies which may arise, but which it was
expected would not arise; as, for instance, trans-
portation for all the forage that would be required,
if all the transportation was by public teams; and
all the transportation which would be required,
if none of it was by public teams; thus making
double appropriations. The act of 1820 provides
that no contract shall be made except under a Knv
authorizing it, or under an appropriation adequate
to its fulfillment, except contracts for subsistence
and clothing of the Army and Navy. Itgoes on:
" The President shall be authoiized to direct a portion of
the moneys appiopriated for any one of the following
branches of expenditure in the military department, name-
ly : foi the subsistence of the Army, tor forage, lor tbe med-
ical and hospital depaitment, lor the quartermaster de
partment, to be appl ied to any other of the above-mentioned
branches of expenditure m the same department; and that
the President shall be also further authorized to direct a
portion of the moneys appiopiiated for any of the follow-
ing branches of expenditure m the Navy Depaitment,
namely: lor provisions, for medicine and hospital stores,
for repairs of vessels, tor clothing, to be applied to any other
of the abo%'e-mentioned branches of expenditure in the same
Department."
Mr. GRIMES. Is that the act of 1842, which
is proposed to be repealed by this section ?
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir; this is the act of May
1,1820, which limits the amount of transfer and
the extent to which transfers may be made to
those subjects, which are so connected together
that the swelling of one is the diminution of the
other, where the transfers are properly made, if
the estimates do properly cover the wants of the
current year. Within that limitation I should
be sorry to see the right of transfer taken away.
Beyond that, I should be sorry to see it permitted.
Mr. KING. I understand that the law now
authorizes a transfer of an ap propriation from one
purpose to another. The bill, as it comes from
the House, repeals that authority; and it is no.w
pioposed to strike out that repealing clause. I
said the other day that I understood this authority
to use money appropriated for one purpose, by
transfer, to another, existed in the Departments,
and I thmk that power has been abused. I think
the amendment ought not to prevail, and that the
authority to transfer appropriations from one pur-
pose to another ought not to exist. A practice
has grown up here to use public money in that
way m the Executive Departments. I think where
appropriations have been made by Congress, and
the use of money directed, it is the duty of the
Executive Depmtments to execute the law, and
not to interpose their discretion and use the money
for other purposes.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator speaks of abuses
in transfer. I should like to know whether he
means abuses under the act of 1820, or outside
of it? .
Mr. KING. I mean by the practice of the De-
partments under the laws as they exist, whether
inside oi; outside.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 do not know about any such
practice. 1 think it would be but fair to 'the Sen-
ate, if the abuse exists, that we should have some
means of ascertaining it, so that, if the law is
wrong, we can correct it.
Mr. KING. The object of the bill coming
fromtheHouseisto correct the law—to take away
this authority. There is one case I can cite to the
Senator from Mississippi. We had, some years
ago, an act of Congress appropriating money to
build a post office and court-house at the village
in which 1 reside; not only appropriating the
money to do it, but in terms directing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to construct the building;
but nothing has been done.
Mr. DAVIS. That was not a transfer of an
appropriation. That was a failure to erect a
building.
Mr. KING. What became of the money that
was appropriated' It went to something else.
Mr. DAVIS. No; nobody can take money out
of the Treasury except by an appropriation made
by law; and if the money was not in the Treas-
ury, of course, it could not have been taken out..
If it was taken out for anything else, it was taken
out under some otherappropriation, I apprehend.
Mr. KING The Department was opposed to
constructing the building. 1 am not disposed to
renew the discussion about that matter which I
had with the Senator from Georgia at the last ses-
sion. He was opposed to the object of the law,
and said so frankly; but if this power is not
wanted, repeal it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I can state to the Senator that
he is entirely mistaken as to the defect in his case.
That was a case where there was §60,000,000 of
appropriations, and but $59,000,000 ill the Treas-
ury; and the only thing the Secretary of the
Treasury did was to discriminate which of the
objects of appropriation the ^50,000,000 slioulu
be devoted to. That is not the question here.
The question here is, that where you have appro-
priated to two or three objects, say in the Army,
as stated by the Senator from Mississippi, and
you have an excess in one and a deficiency in the
other, the deficiency in the one shall be made up
by the excess in the other. This power was
closely examined into. It ranged much wider up
to 1842, and Congress then wisely passed an act
limiting it, and restraining it to a vuy few of the
Departments, where experience had shown it was
absolutely necessary. On examination of the sub-
ject, the Finance Committee did not thmk the
restriction could be carried further. It is certainly
wise to restrict' the power to the utmost limits the
public service will permit. I think it is so under
the existing laws. I think the Congress of 1842
went thoroughly into many of these abuses, and
passed a good deal of good legislation. The Whig
Congress of 1S42 went into this subject, and
passed the law as it stands. They retrenched tbe
poweis which existed in the different Depart-
ments that had been abused before that time, but
by the act of 1842 this power is now brought
within the only limits within which I think it is
safe to work the Departments; though I would
leave no discretion in anything that could be prop-
erly fixed by law. .
Mr. KING. My impression is that there has
I been an extension of this power, by a clause m an
' appiopriation bill, since 1642, though I am i.ot
now able to refer to it. I am sure t hat the sub-
ject was brought to mv attention by a transaction
S 'in one of the Departments, and I there undeistood
that fart; but not having the particulars, I will
not undertake to state it. What I said was, that
a practice was growing up here for the Executive
Departments to"exercise their discretion, instead
of executing the laws in relation to the objects foi
which appropriations are made.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is not the point.
Mr. KING. That is the very point I make. I
dare say they would be vei y glad to get rid of
that point; but it is the point in this case 1 do
not think the Executive Departments should have
discretion to execute or refuse to execute the laws,
or to use money for any purpose than that tor
which it is appropriated, or not to use it at all.
I would have the Executive Pepartments of the
Government to execute the law. That is my idea
of their business. .
Mr. PEARCE. I thmk the Senator is
! " , " '• c t=,
taken. There, has.-faecn no enlargement, of this-:
power since the act of 1842, but there-*have ■beett
restrictions since that' act. . The a$°of 1852 alces •
away the power altogether 0-oro..tJie Nay.y-tPe-,
partment, and restricts it further,is the-Was-Bo* •
paitment.. I know uf no other act. I ha-vp not
been able to find-any. • , . , l . s
Mr. KING. These laws depend on. J^ow tjiey •,
are construed.- The Senator from Maryland sup-
poses there has been a restriction. Gentlemen on
the other side, of the,House suppose there lias. :
been no change of the law at all. As I understood •
it at one of the Departments, they construed it.to ,
be an extension. At any rate, by what the Sen-
ator from Maryland says, there has been pn al-
teration. ,
Mr. HUNTER. It has been restricted since
1842.
Mr. DAVIS. The act of 1852 merely defines ,
the original act of 1820, which in general and in-.,
telligent terms contains the whole subject. In .
1852,because exactly such an apprehension as the -
Senator from New York states was entertained..,
it was provided:
" Nothing herein contained shall be so construed as to
prevent tlie President from authorizing uppropiiations for
the subsistence of the Army, for forag", lor the medical
and hospital department, and for the quartermaster's de- •
partment, to be applied to any other of tile abo\e-inen- •
tioned branches ot expenditure in tie: same Department, .
and appropriations made for a specific object for one fiscal
year, shall not be transferred to any other object after the
expiration of that year."
It was contained reallyin theactof 1820; Gen-
tlemen would not then understand it, and so they
legislated. , .
Mr. I'EARCE, In the very same yev, page :
104 of the same volume of the Statutes, the power
to transfer in the Navy Department is totally pro-
} lnbited and repealed.
| Mr. KING. I would extend that prohibition
| to the other Departments.
| The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
i is on the amendment of the Committee oil Fi-
i nance.
I Mr. ERAGG called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordeied; and being taken^ resulted—
yeas 30, nays 23; as follows;
! YKAH Mts I-. Bavard, liigier, Blagg, Bright, Brown,
Che-nut, Davis, Fitcil, Fitzpatnelc, Green, Gwin, Ham-
i mond, Italian, Hemphill, Hunter,Iv.:r--oh, Johnson of'J'en-
nessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Mason, Nicholson,
I Pearce, Polk, Powell, itice, Saulsbmy, Sebastian,Toombs,
i and Ynice—30.
| NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Chandler. Clark,
Dixon, Doolittle, Durkce. Fe&senden, Foot, Foster, Grimes,
1 Hale, Hamlin, lvmg, Pu'gl), Seward, Simmons, Sumner,
I Ton Eyek, TiumbuH, Wade, Wilkinson,and Wilson—23.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I am instructed by'the Com-'
mittec on Finance to offer this amendment, which
the Senator from Maryland will explain:
In line seven hundred and ninety-nine, insert:
For one hundred and fifty copies ot volume twenty-three
of Howard's Reports of Decisions of the Supreme Court of
the United States, to bo furnished by the reporter thereof
to the state Department fordistribntion, according to exist-
ing laws, $750.
Mr. PEARCE. I will explain. The reporter
of the Supreme Court gets a compensation now ♦
of $1,300 a year; and the condition attached to it
is that he shall furnish one hundred and fifty .
copies of the reports, assumed to be one volume
only each year, to the State Department. The'
decisions of the Supreme Court have been very
voluminous this year, and the court have directed
the reporter, as they have a right to do, to pub-
lish two volumes; so that, at the price at which
the work sells, his compensation would not pay
him fur his books. It is proper, maniiestly, that
lie should be compensated for the number of vol-
umes which he is now required to furnish extra.
The act of Congress restricts him to five dollars
a volume, and the committee have aljowed him
five times one hundred and fifty—-$750. Tins
has occurred before, and Congress have allowed
him $1,300, doubling his salary; but the Com-
mittee on Finance thought proper not to be quite
so liberal this year, but to confine the appropri-
ation to the cost of the books.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to offer this amendment:
Jh\i he it further enacted, That the Secretary uf War bo,
and 'n<-J i-5 hereby, authorized to pay, out of th:> unexpended
balance of appropriation foi tSic war debt of tlie State or
California, made by the last section oi tiie act approved
August 5, IBo-iy entitled " An act making appropriation tor
