1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
me particularly appropriate that both investiga-
tions should be made at the same time and by the
same committee.
Sir, the example which has been followed here
at Harper's Ferry was set in Missouri. The cases
are not altogether parallel. In one case, the ob-
ject was to extend slavery; in the other to extin-
fuish it. In one case, the persons engaged have
een brought to the gallowsand have suffered for
their act; in the other case, the men engaged have
been rewarded by office. Sir, they are not par-
allel; but had the proper steps been taken four
years ago, I do not believe the Harper's Ferry
affair would over have happened. I think it owes
its origin to our overlooking the outrages that
were committed in the West, and to which hon-
orable Senators paid very little attention at the
time. Now, sir, I trust they may get that atten-
tion which they deserve, and that we may deal
impartially and alike by all violators of the law,
whether their object be to introduce or extinguish
slavery. I will stand by the Senator equally in
maintaining the Constitution of my country and
the constitutional rights of all, as well in Virginia
as in Illinois.
Mr. HALE, Mr. HUNTER, and'others ad-
dressed the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Hampshire.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, if the Senator
from Virginia was going to move to postpone this
matter until next week I would give way to him,
but for nothing else.
Mr. MASON. He will not do that.
Mr. HALE. Well, I believe, as I have the floor,
I will go on.
Mr. President, I shall begin the few remarks
I propose to make, by doing what I have not been
in the habit of doing publicly, and that is defining
my position, not on the subject-matters involved
in the resolution, but on the resolution itself. I
am for it, sir. I am for the amendment, but if
the amendment is voted down I shall go for the
resolution still. I am sorry that it has been in-
troduced this week, because we are not in the
habit of doing much work during the first week
of the session; and I had anticipated we should
adjouni over from Thursday until next Monday.
Generally, we come together a little better at this
period of the session than we find ourselves after
we have been wrangling here two or three weeks,
and I wanted to keep up the era of good feeling
until after Christmas. [Laughter.] I am sorry
this thing has been brought m at this early stage
of the session; but as it is here we have to meet
it. As I have said, I am for the resolution, but
I think it is faulty in one particular. I do not
think it goes far enough. I would go for it if it
went a good way further, and I think it ought to
do so. I think this is only dealing with the sur-
face of things, and I think, sir, it will bother you
somewhat when you come to appoint the com-
mittee after the resolution passes. I begleave to
say, sir, I do not want to go on the committee,
for reasons which I shall state.
In the first place, I think that this committee
should be a committee of learned men deeply
versed in philology, and phsyeology, too, [laugh-
ter,]—I beg gentlemen not to laugh until I get
through—and theology; though perhaps we can
get a certificate from some theological institution
that will save us any questions on the score of
theology. I think, sir, we ought to go to the bot-
tom of this thing; and I think I have read in some
speech an intimation that looks this matter right
in the face, that goes to first principles. I have
heard a speech, or if I have not heard it I have
read the report of it, in which a distinguished
Senator—I do not mean to say Senator, I take that
back—a distinguished gentleman (I am not cer-
tain that it did come from a Senator) said that the,
doctrine in the Declaration of Independence that
"all men are created equal,"does not mean what
it says. I want some men versed in philology
put on the committee, to know whether that docs
mean so or not. He says that, when it declared
that "all men are created equal," it simply meant
that in the time of the Revolution all British sub-
jects wore equal. Well, if that was the whole
meaning of it, it was a harmless thing, and affords
no sort of encouragement to those wild dogmas
that these fanatics have been preaching.
Thyi, there is another doctrine that! think de-
serves to be investigated, and that is one which
some of these fanatics get from the Bible, which
declares that God has made of one blood all the
nations of the earth. Now, I want a theologian
on the committee, to know whether that does not
mean all white men. I think there is something
in relation to these subjects deeper than these mere
outbreaks, if you are going to deal with the. sub-
ject faithfully.
I am a little embarrassed about this matter, and
that is the reason why I do not want to go on this
committee. I am pointed out as one of the cul-
frits, one of the men aimed at in the resolution.
do not mean that the Senator means that; but
the public papers all over the land have pointed
mo oufr, and m the city of New York they were
not content to leave it with the newspapers; they
had a committee of gentlemen of property and
standing, who took it into their hands, and had a
meeting at the Fifth Avenue hotel. I believe that
five has got to be a cardinal number in numbers;
and the Fifth Avenue and the Five Points came
together this year, [laughter,] and indorsed this
declaration, and put it forth in a pamphlet, charg-
ing on myself and some others—I think they did
us the honor to call us distinguished gentlemen—
complicitywith this transaction. Now, sir, I am
not here to plead to that charge, nor to demur to
it either; but I think you will see at once that,
laying aside my want of the other qualifications,
it would not be right to put me on this commit-
tee; and I am not certain that all the members on
this side of the House, who belong to the Repub-
lican party, are not disqualified from sitting on
this committee in the same way; for it has been
chained in some pretty high quarters, that if we
were not directly concerned in it, the doctrines
that we preach and promulgate tend inevitably and
directly" to just exactly 'the state of things which
has been produced.
Well, sir, I think the committee should be
charged with that inquiry, and they should be in-
structed to report whether there is any organized
party in this country that not only helped this
movement by the money and the arms they fur-
nished, but whether there is not a great political
party organized in this country that has preached
doctrines which directly tend to these things. I
think the resolution, if it is adopted, should go
as far as that.
But, Mr. President, I am one of those who do
not believe that any great good is to come Qut of
the introduction of this measure into the Senate,
particularly at this-time; and I simply rose to say
that I am perfectly ready to meet it, and I desire
that it may be met. I desire that the inquiry may
be just as searching as gentlemen see fit to desire
to have it. I hope that 110 embarrassment will
accrue to it, and if this amendment of the honor-
able Senator from Illinois is calculated to embar-
rass the inquiry, I hope it will be voted down, and
those who think that the action of this Govern-
ment is to be invoked, will have it, and that the
grounds upon which they desire the interposition
of the Government may be stated, and that the
facts, if there are any facts, which exist, upon
which this interposition of the Government is
asked, may be laid before this community, and it
may be ascertained whether indeed there has been
a movement as general as has been charged m the
political newspapers of the day against prominent
gentlemen who occupy scats upon this floor.
But, sir, while I say this, and while I have not
a word to say at this time in regard to these
charges which have been made, and which itwoukl
be iile to shut my eyes to, in the newspapers
against myself personally, I will say this: that
upon rather a careful revision of the little that I
have said heretofore on the subject, I have not a
word to retract or to take back. I entertain now,
upon the subject that has been brought before the
, Senate by this resolution, the sentiments that I
have always entertained, and I think that nothing
! that has been done in Virginia, or elsewhere, has
] a tendency to impeach the soundness, or the hu-
j maiuty, or the constitutionality of any doctrines
I that we have ever avowed, or upon which we
j have placed ourselves. I believe, sir, that if this
I investigation could be made thorough; if a light
I like that which beams from the eye of Omnis-
| eience could penetrate the whole history of this
I affair, the blame, wherever it may be, if it is to
j be laid at the door of anybody else aside from
I the men who were engaged in it, would be found
to lie somewhere else than at the door of the Re-
publican party, or #f any considerable number of
men who enjoy its confidence.
Sir, if this investigation takes place, and I hope
it will, and it is made pretty searching, I think you
will find another fact, and one that Ido not know
that you will be very proud of. You will find
something of the estimation and the affection
which some of your northern Democrats entertain
for you, if you can find out how the news of this
raid, as it is called, was received in some of the
northern States. Why, sir, some gentlemen,
whom the tender solicitude of their constituents
had left in the retirement of private life, free from
the corroding cares of public station, I know, re-
ceived the news of this outbreak in Virginia with
a perfect yell of delight. They thought the time
had come when there was something they could
catch hold of to ride into power. Those papers
and those politicians seized it up, and there was
but one aspect in which they viewed it and treated
it, and that was as a god-send by which an ex-
citement might be got up in the northern States
against the men who had acted with the Repub-
lican party. They imagined that the effect of a
public opinion which was to be generated out of
the excitement of this transaction, was to result
in overwhelming the Republican party with de-
feat. That is the way it was received. That is
the tender consideration that your friends North
have for you. They have no tears to shed over
anything of this sort, provided it leads them back
to power, and gives them a new lease of custom-
houses and post offices. That is the way it was
received in the section of country with which I
am conversant, and the only speculations that
were had on it were, whether something or other
could not be made out of it to the advantage of
the northern Democracy, and to the disadvantage
of the Republican party.
For this reason, sir, I do hope that this investi-
gation will be made thorough and searching, and
that every fact that can be elicited will be laid
before the public. It is said, upon pretty high
authority, that there was documentary evidence—
a carpet bag full of it—which, when it was laid
before- the country, would produce a tremendous
excitement, and convince the community that men
in high places and high station in this land were
concerned in this affair. I want to see that carpet
bag turned inside out. I want everything that can
be had to be laid before this community. As I
said before, the peculiarities of the place in which
I stand forbid me, at this time, to put in any dis-
claimers. I have none to put in. I stand where
I think every man ought to stand, and that is upon
his own rights and upon his own record. But I
will say this, not so much to answer those who
have attacked me and others, as to do justice to
a great cause: so far as I know, so far as my
knowledge of the public men, with whom it is my
pride to associate, is concerned, they have never
made, and" never will make, an appeal, to slaves.
TJjey do not address them. It is not one of the
instrumentalities by which they propose to work.
Their appeal, so far as I know, is to the enlight-
ened conscience and the patriotism, not of the
slaves, but of their masters; of those who hold
the destinies of this country and are responsible
for the manner in which the Government is ad-
ministered. The appeal, so far as I know or have
any cognizance, which the Republican party has
ever made and which it makes to-day, is to the
understandings, the consciences, the intelligences,
and the patriotism of those who, under God, are
responsible for the manner in which the affairs of
the Government are administered, and they have
never made or countenanced any appeals to slaves.
I say this, sir. not for the purpose of meeting an y
of the idle accusations that.have been bruugj '■
against me and others; but for the purpose, so far
as so humble on individual as myself can do it, of
disabusing the public mind to any extent in which
it may have been imposed upon by representa-
tions or suspicions that such is the fact.
I think, sir, that there has been a great mistake
committed in reference to thib subject; nQtso much
by ourselves as by our opponents. If this matter
is to be pushed—and I am perfectly willing to have
it go on just as far as it may—not only in refer-
ence to the particular acts which are the subject
of investigation as proposed by the resolution,
but to the ultimate results which are supposed to
eome out of this anti-slavery agitation, or rather,
this pro-slavery agitation—for the agitation all
