1860.
tHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
enough for it; but I hope no necessity of that sort
will be found.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, I shall act upon
the suggestion of my friend from Virginia, and
defer any remarks on the subject of the tariff until
that bill shall come up; but I desire to give briefly
the reasons why I shall not vote for the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Virginia.
A tariff bill was passed in the House of Repre-
sentatives, where all revenue bills are required to
originate by the Constitution, and accompanied
this loan bill. For my part, I thought it was
highly appropriate that the two should be pre-
sented together; that we should no longer proceed
to increase the public debt without providing the
necessary means of reducing that debt, and meet-
ing the ordinary expenses of the Government. It
is with the utmost diffidence, 1 confess, that I ex-
press a difference of opinion from the Senator from
Virginia in regaid to the operations of the Treas-
ury. But I hone I shall be indulged in that dif-
ference. ^ It is auc to myself to say that I do not
express it without full deliberation. I have exam-
ined this subject thoroughly; and I as honestly
differ from the Senator from Virginia as I ever
differed from any man in my life, or as one man
ever differed from another. I totally differ from
the Secretary of the Treasury as to the results
under the tariff as it now stands. We shall fail
not only to pay the public debt, but we shall fail
to pay anything above the ordinary expenses of
the Government; and I shall undertake to show
that when the tariff subject comcs before us. The
present rates, it may be made to appear, will meet
the ordinary expenditure by the ordinary reve-
nues; but who has not seen that we cannot con-
fine our appropriations to the mere ordinary ex-
penditures of the Government? What have we
witnessed here within the last three days? Mil-
lion after million of extraordinary appropriations
have been made by one branch of Congress or
the other; and made because they were right, be-
cause they were demands upon the Government
which must be met. There is no escape from
them, and it is our duty to meet them. We can
make nothing for the country by procrastinating
claims that are recognized as just and binding.
But, sir, as I said before, I do not intend to go
into that subject now. I have said that 1 thought
it was proper to connect a proposition to bor-
row money with a bill providing the means of
Redeeming that loan. Now, sir, I cannot agree
to accept the suggestion that there is not sufficient
time to consider the question of a proper tariff.
There is nothing in the way as to time, except
otir own disposition. At the next session of Con-
gress the Constitution will be in our way 
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator allow mo
to say that I made no suggestion as to time, ex-
cept that I am anxious to confine this debate to the
subject? The tariff bill will come up afterwards.
• Mr. BIGLER. I make the remark not in ref-
erence to any suggestion the Senator from Vir-
ginia has made on the floor; but that has been the
general reason against attempting to consider this
Subject. It is no reason to say that the measure
is imperfect or otherwise, because it is our duty
to consider it and make it perfect. But, Mr. Pres-
ident, the House of Representatives having pro-
vided for this very exigency in a proper way, I
suggest to the Senator from Virginia whether it
is not according to all parliamentary custom,
whether it is not according to all courtesy be-
tween the two branches of Congress, that their
measure should be considered ? Here is a bill for
the very purpose. Why postpone it? Why not
take it up and amend it? I can anticipate the ex-
igencies to which the Senator refers; but will he
escape them by this proposition ? If there be a
determination in the other branch of Congress not
to make this loan unless the tariff laws be changed,
that disposition will be manifested on this amend-
ment as well as on the oth'er bill. Is there any-
thing in the way of this bill being returned from
the House with a tariff bill attached to it ? In my
humble judgment, there is nothing to be gained
by this proposition. The Senator may as well,
if he has the power, strike it off from the loan
bill, and send it back and ask the House to re-
cede. For one, sir, I made up my mind long since
to vote for no proposition for increasing perma-
nently the public debt until we made an effort to
arrest the accumulation of debt by changing the
tariff laws.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 am not proposing to in-
crease the public debt, but only to change its form
from Treasury notes to a funded debt.
Mr. BIGLER. I am aware of that; but it is a
debt of $20,000,000 which will be at your door, if
the holders choose to present it there, next month.
It matters not what you call it; it certainly mat-
ters not, in my judgment, as I hold a very dif-
ferent view from the Senator from Virginia with
regard to the means which we shall realize under
the present law. Under these I maintain that
you will have to make it a permanent debt. It
will not be pretended that this debt is to be floated
in this shape year after year. _ If I held the views
which the Senator from Virginia does, 1 should
prefer the funding for a short time, with a right
to redeem it when we have the means. But, sir,
I rose simply to explain why I should not, under
the circumstances, vote for this amendment, and
why I do not feel at liberty to do so. Having given
these reasons, I shall not detain the Senate longer.
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr. President, I understand
this is a proposition to annex to this bill a further
authority to issue Treasury notes. Is it not the
object?
Mr. HUNTER. This is the proposition of
the House of Representatives. It is the loan part
of their tariff bill, with two alterations which I
explained to the Senate, making it a five-years
stock, instead of two years, and throwing in some
additional safeguards, so that the money can only
be applied to the reimbursement of the Treasury
notes.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then you propose to redeeih
the Treasury notes byafive-ycarsloan. I under-
stood the Senator from Virginia to say that he
thought there would be a sufficient income the
present year to meet the expenses. Was I right
in that?
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir.
Mr. SIM MONS. I have heard that statement
made by that Senator for three successive years.
It was stated in December, 1857, that with the
Treasury notes there was no doubt we could get
over the hard place occasioned by the revulsion,
and get on prosperously. Now, what has been
the result of these three years? When this Ad-
ministration came in power it had $23,000,000 in
the Treasury, or thereabouts, three years ago.
We have exhausted that; but the Senator says
we have now got $6,000,000 on hand. Docs not
he know that we have passed bills this very ses-
sion for arrearages in the Post Office Department
for the whole amountin the Treasury, that ought
to have been paid a year or two years ago ? He
cannot deny that. We should not have a dollar
if we had paid the debts due a year or two years
ago.
Mr. HUNTER. There has been paid already
$4,500,000 of that debt.
Mr. SIMMONS. How much is there back?
We have appropriated in one bill some three mil-
lion dollars, and in another $7,000,000. Pay up
the debts we owe in that single Department, and
there is not a dollar in the Treasury. This is an
attempt to carry over an exciting presidential con-
test this question of the vast outlays and expend-
itures and indebtedness of this Administration
under a bill that I have shown, as many as three
or four times, was passed here in the night time,
and which affords an insufficient and inadequate
revenue. What is the result? We have spentat
least the $20,000,000 of money we had on hand
three years ago. We have got a funded debt of
$t20,000,000 of Treasury notes, lacking $300,000.
There are $60,000,000 gone m three years.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to suggest to the
gentleman that the la.st tariff of 1857 was made in
order to rcduee the Treasury,
Mr. SIMMONS. Certainly it was; and it has
reduced it so that we are bankrupt to-day; and
we have used up money that was on hand before,
and got in debt $40,000,000 in addition, making
$60,000,000 for three years that this tariff has not
met the expenditures of the Government. The
Senator from Virginia knows it as well as 1 do;
no man knows it better; and yet he will get up
here, as he has done for the last three years, and
say if this thing docs not happen, and that thing
does not happen, if you do not appropriate more
than a certain sum, and keep within the estimates,
all will be right. Anybody can make an estimate,
at any time, that if you get a certain amount of
receipts, and do not spend any more than you get
in, things will com? but even. He has;made it
so adozen times, and he has made this speech oti
it three or four times,, that if you do not "appro-
priate more than a certain amount of mopey ft
will be all right; ar^d yet he expected that yoft
were going to appropriate more money, and Be
never knew a Congress pass that did not appro-
priate more than; the,estimates. We Jiave, got
materials for building alt over this city <Mt pre-
sent this Government in the aspect of a bankrupt,
living on the mere stipend that the assignees may
dole out to him—a Government of thirty mil-
lion people, with all the resources of this country.
Here are your streets strewed with materials; atod
you have dismissed the labor that should have
been employed on ycfur public buildings,.for the
want of money.
The Senator from Virginia knows—I have
stated it a number of times, without any purpose of
making any party capital out of it—that the pres-
ent tariff does not yield more than fourteen per
cent, on the importations; whereas the Secretary
of the Treasury estimated it at between eighteen
and nineteen per cent. I have produced the figures
here for two years, showing that it does not yield
more than fourteen per cent., and it will turn out
so now.
Hereisapropositiontofund$20,000,000. That,
with the funded debt already created by this
Administration, makes $40,000,000 of permanent
debt since they have come into power. In 1862
a loan comes due, as the Senator knows as, well
as I do. This debt is upon us, and 1 am willing
to meet it and liquidate it in the most convenient
way possible. 1 am not going to quawel with
anybody about <ts being her<f, only I say that
the Secretary of the Treasury, in every annual
report he has made, has declared that he could
get along to the end of that year without any ad-
ditional means but what would be derived from
the revenue on imports. 1 have not thought it
would be so, and I have tried to prevent various
modes of fraud upon the revenue; and I a'm happy
to find that I always had the cooperation of the
Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] who seems
to be looking this way very much as if he was
going to reply to what I say; but I never got the
cooperation of the Senator from Virginia.
There have been a good many memorials pre-
sented recently about the tariff bill, and nobody
has seen one of them but what has seen on the
face of them that they are got up by a few men,
and scattered all over the country, and sent to
every Senator, just to make it appear to be a very
great matter that there is some duty proposed to
be imposed on steel that is not right. If so, are
we not competent to make it right? But, sir, I
propose to argue this question on the financial
aspect; and I should like to know if this Secretary
of the Treasury has ever realized what he antici-
pated. I have seen no such returns. According to
his first estimate, he ought to have got $65,000,000
last year from imports. There is no possibility
of meeting the outlay of $61,000,000, which {
think the Senator from Virginia said would be our
next year's expenses, besides paying the interest
on the public debt, with the present tariff. Does
he suppose, after three years'experience under
this tariff, that he is going to derive sixty-one or
sixty-five million dollars from it? You cannot
got $60,000,000 without an importation of more
than four hundred million, and the country can-
not stand that. We have had now two very pros-
perous years for payment; we have had within
the lost two years, as every man who takes any
notice of the crops we export knows, an average
of four million two hundred thousand bales of
cotton, and there never was that quantity raised
before in this country. In these two years there
have been a million and a half bales over any
preceding crop that we have sent abroad, or more
than by any reasonable calculation we could ex-
pect to have had. The value of that has all been
returned in imports. As to getting m debt
$80,000,000 for importations, as heretofore, we
cannot do it; our credit is not now good enough
for that. There is an end of that tether. We
have had extraordinary advantages for importa-
tion; and, so far as the success of the planting in-
terest is concerned, I would rather they would
raise five million bales of cotton a year if they
would sell it at eleven cents a pound.
But, sir, there is not a shadow of chance to
meet these expenditures. When we had the
