1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfeE.
0
little Federal action might be a little wholesome
just about this time, for this particular case, yet
that i* will be a dangerous precedent to set, and
that it may be invoked and employed on the other
side of the question.
I had hoped that this subject would not be intro-
duced at this time. As I said before, it is unusual
for such measures to be proposed at this period
of the session; but if it is insisted on, I am pre-
pared to vote.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I rise to ex-
press my surprise at tho manner in which t Lie
resolution offered by my colleague has been re-
ceived—a resolution temperate, proper, and made
eminently necessary by circumstances of recent
occurrence. I had presumed that no obstacle
would be thrown in the way, but that Senators
on all sides of the House would agree to go into
the inquiry.
it is known to all that a most atrocious outrage
has been committed upon the State which I have
the honorf in part, to represent; that the people of
a town reposing in the hour of night, in all the
confidence of peace and of conscious innocence
of all purpose of wrong to all mankind, were sud-
denly invaded and attacked by a band of armed
men from the non-slaveholding States; that un-
armed men wera-shot down m the streets, that
murders were committed, that an attempt was
openly made not only to subvert the Constitution
of the United States, but the constitution of Vir-
ginia; that men were seized and dragged from
their habitations at night, and that attempts were
made to excite servile insurrection and civil war
in its most horrid form. It is known, too, sir,
that complicity has been charged, not on the
part of the South, but by individuals professing
to have been in the employment of persons and
associations in the non-slaveholding States; and,
it is also known, to those who come from the
South, at least, that the public mind of the South
has been startled, not so much by the foray of
Brown and his twenty-three men, as by the open
sympathy and approbation which have been man-
ifested in portions of the North in regard to that
attempt, and the apparent indifference with which
it has been treated by those whom we had a right
to hope would have been more conservative m
their feelings and actions upon such a subject.
Sir, I had supposed that such indecent exhibi-
tions of sympathy for crime would have been
frowned down by an outburst of public opinion
on the part of those in the midst of whom such
things were perpetrated. But, as I said before,
the public mind of the South has been startled at
the apparent indifference with which all this has
been received. Does any man suppose that if a
band had been organized in Virginia to burn a
northern city or to sack its houses, that they
would not have been treated with all the severity
of the law, and all that public indignation could
visit on their guilty heads ? Knowing that such
would have been our sentiments in such an event,
what must be the feelings of every southern State,
when they see the mode m which this outrage
upon us has been treated ?
And now, sir, when my colleague proposes, in
temperate language, merely to inquire into the
facts of the case, and to raise a committee to see
whether anything can be done by the authorities
of this Government to prevent the repetition of
such outrages, how is it met? The Senator
from Illinois proposes to stifle such an inquiry by
making a party issue, and turning the whole sub-
ject into a matter of mere partisan warfare and
discussion. Does he suppose that we in the South
look upon this as a party question ? Does he sup-
pose that the peace and safety of a community
are regarded there as matters and subjects for
party disputes and for obtaining party capital?
It is in a far different and far higher light that they
are looking to it, and that they have been looking
to it with anxiety, to ascertain, if possible, what
was the real state of feeling in the non-slaveholding
States in regard to such outrages. TRey arc loth
to believe that such things can be treated with
indifference by the great mass of those who are
bound to us by the ties of a common Government
and a common Union; but if such be the feeling—
let us know it. If gentlemen here think it is im-
proper to institute such an inquiry; that our peace
and safety, and our lives and property, are the
cheap subjects upon which any man and any ad-
venturer may try his experiment—Jet us know it.
If they think that this question does not rise be-
yond the dignity of a mere party dispute, and are
willing to prevent its proper consideration by such
discussions and mode of treatment—-let us know
it. It is time that we were made aware of such
a state of feeling in regard to our rights, our peace,
and honor, if in truth it exists.
Still less had we supposed that such question
was to be met with the levity of the Senator from
New Hampshire Why, sir, upon such occa-
sions as these, upon such an occasion as this—I
will not say as these, for it has no parallel in the
history of our Government—to see such a subject
treateiyvith the levity m which he is disposed to
deal u®i it, sounds to me, at least, like the laugh
of the inebriate or the insensate in the chamber
of death itself. I tell him, sir, that much depends
upon what is the real state of northern feeling
in regard to these matters. We know we can
defend ourselves against such outrages as this;
against the forays of men who may get up such
expeditions as these, and attempt to get up ser-
! vile war among us; we hope we can defend our-
selves against all the hazards to which we may
probably be exposed; but it becomes a much
graver question to say how we are to deal with
the subject if we become convinced that such at-
tempts find support, not only m the sympathy of
the great mass of the North, but in contributions
that may actually be raised for their assistance.
My colleague proposes that a committee shall
be appointed to inquire whether there may not
be some remedy for it. If there he no remedy,
(as he has intimated as his opinion,) so far as the
State is concerned, to be found in the powers of
the General Government, is it too much that we
should expect, from the sympathy and the sense
of duty of our co-States, that they should do
! something to put down such combinations ? If a
filibustering expedition be gotten up against a
' foreign State, we have laws by which it may be
suppressed and punished; but is it to be said, that
here, under the sanctions of a Union, such things
may be done in our confederated States, and that
there shall be no law, either State or Federal, by
which to punish or supruess them ? Is this com-
mon Government, this Union, to be used only to
stay the arms of the States for the purposes of
self-defense, and give us no means of protection
against outrages on our peace and our property,
on the part of our confederates and brethren ? If
this common Union is to become an instrument of
offense, instead of defense, in the hands of our
allies, it is time that we should know it. If there
be no power here to prevent such things, is there
no disposition in the co-States, is there no dispo-
sition m those States to whom we are bound by
the bonds of union and a common Government
to repress and suppress them ? Would not the dic-
tates of common humanity induce them to do it,
if there were nothing in those higher obligations
of belonging to the same family and of being
members of the same Union ? If the power be
wanting in the one, and the disposition should
not exist in the other, it is plain that we have but
one remaining source of defense and must look
to ourselves.
Yes, sir, if such is the case; if we cannot ex-
pect any such sympathy, any such common jus-
tice; if there be in truth such an alienation of
feeling on the part of the non-slaveholding States,
is it not time to know it? And if we cannot get
through a resolution of common inquiry, tem-
perate, courteous, as this is, without having it
smothered with party issues and amendments,
designed to introduce such debates as we have just
heard, let the fact be ascertained at once.
Mr. President, I shall address no words of
entreaty to the Senate to pass tins resolution. If
they think it is a subject not worthy of investi-
gation, let us know it. They will hear nothing
more from me on that subject. It is information
which I think wc are entitled to ; it is an inquiry
which ought to be made. If the Senate shall
think differently, the sooner they say so the better.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, mingled with
the regret which I have felt, at the tone in which
this matter has been discussed by the two Sen-
ators on the other side of the Chamber who have
spoken, there has been at least one gratifying
fact; and that is the distinctness with which they
disavow for themselves and their friends any
complicity in the transaction. I thought one of
the great inducements we had to the consideration
of the subject was to exonerate the Senate, if it
were guiltless, of any connection with an act
which stands out prominently as the first—I hope
it may be the last—of those violent proceedings
which can only be considered civil war. The
newspapers have connected prominent individuals
in the northern states; they have not spared Sen-
ators themselves in this connection. The Senate
owes it to the country—a duty to itself, a duty
to the Government of which it is an important
and conservative part—-that it should inquire to
the bottom, and see whether its body is involved
in any such corruption as has been intimated.
That, I confess, was my great desire for the in-
quiry. I was gratified, therefore, to hear the
Senators say, not for themselves alone, but for all
with whom they were associated, that they be-
lieved they had no complicity with this transac-
tion.
I But why should the question of the Liberty
| arsenal bo connected with this? Is it merely a
I question of seizing illegally, robbing, if you please,
i public property ? That is but one of the minor
j considerations. The great consideration is the in-
i vasion of a State to disturb its domestic peace, the
! preservation of which is a purpose which stands
! prominent among the great objects for which our
■ union was formed. Why did our fathers band
i together? Mainly to preserve domestic peace and
j insure the liberty and prosperity of the States for-
ever. Is this merely a question of property stolen,
or is it to be sunk lower still ana viewed merely
in the clouded and bemired aspect of party poli-
tics ? Sir, we are faithless to our oaths when we
take such views of the question as these. We have
a duty to perform, a high and .solemn duty. It
demands deliberate and grave consideration. We
should meet it as men who either seek to preserve
our Government, or who avow the purpose to
destroy it.
Can the Government continue, should it con-
tinue, as the mere shield to protect one portion of
the United States m making war upon another?
Can the citizens of Virginia allow tlie citizens of
other States, under the privileges .and immuni-
ties which the Constitution secures, to invade
their peace and disturb their domestic relations ?
Far better, if such is the motive which prompts
them, that they were foreign Governments, with
police stations along each border, and passports
required with such inquiry into the character of
persons coming in as would secure to peaceful
women and helpless children immunity from the
incendiary and the assassin.
I trust, sir, there will be no disposition on the
part of the Senate to embarrass or to postpone an
inquiry which they owe to themselves, and which
is so essential to the country. As to the Liberty
arsenal transaction, it has no parallelism with the
case on hand. The two are not in any essential
degree alike. An armory was attacked at,one
place; an arsenal at another. Arms were taken
from both, and there all likeness ends. It does
not appear, it never was alleged, that those who
went to Liberty and seized arms intended to hold
the arsenal as a strong place where they might
resist the community among whom it was situ-
j ated. They went to get arms and ammunition
! and to go with them elsewhere, where that which
i might be fairly denominated civil war was already
i raging. Again, when they got the arms they
j went away, and afterwards returned them—show-
1 ing no purpose to steal, but to seize them for a
• time for use in a border warfare, which none will
| attempt now to justify. As to where the onus of
! blame lies for the existence of that war, that is
a different question, and it is beneath the dignity
of the object of our present consideration to go
into it.
The Senator from Illinois, however, committed
a great mistake when he supposed that the inse-
curity of the public property—for thus he argued
—had caused the removal of the arsenal from
Liberty to some other place. That was not the
reason. The arsenal at Liberty was properly sit-
uated there at the time when Liberty was on the
frontier-.when arms and ammunition were required
there for use against marauding bands of Indians;
but when the tide of settlement advanced, when
the line of transportation no longer touched it, but
departed from Fort Leavenworth, Fort Leaven-
worth became the point from which supplies came
to be sent out; and I am not aware that the re-
moval of the arsenal from. Liberty to Fort Leaven-
