1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1973
notes, to authorize a loan, to regulate and fix the
duties on imports, and for other purposes; on
which the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Hous-
ton'] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. MILLSON. This bill, Mr. Chairman,
has now been under discussion some three or four
weeks. Some thirteen or fourteen speeches have
been made in favor of it by various gentlemen,
and only a solitary speech in opposition to it.
The gentleman from Alabama is now entitled to
tho floor, and yesterday it was intended that one
full hour should be allowed for debate this morn-
ing. I ask that, by unanimous consent, the time
for closing the debate be extended beyond one
o'clock some fifteen or sixteen minutes, so that
the gentleman from Alabama may have his full
hour for discussion of tl\e question.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no objection to that
proposition on this side, of the House.
Mr. STANTON". I call tho attention of the gen-
tleman from Virginia to another suggestion. Yes-
terday the floor was monopolized by the members
from Pennsylvania, who feel a great interest in this
question. Now, there are other interests which
want to be heard more than five minutes. I sub-
mit, therefore, whether it would not be better to
postpone closing the debate until three o'clock to-
day, in order that we may have a little longer time
for the general debate.
Mr. SHERMAN. That can only be done by
unanimous consent. My colleague could have
made his speech yesterday, if he desired to.
Mr. STANTON. 'My colleague is mistaken.
1 tried to get the floor, and failed. I suggest that
We might rise, go into the House, and that then
we might extend tho time, as I have indicated, for
general debate.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. For one, I should
like to see the termination of the general debate
postponed considerably. The friends of the tariff
have had the whole discussion to themselves, and
certainly they ought to allow the other side to be
heard.
Mr. SHERMAN. On Saturday we adjourned
at half past four o'clock, p. m., because there was
nobody who desired to take the floor.
' Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. That was the proper
hour for adjournment. I do not perceive the ne-
cessity for 'hurriedly disposing of this question.
X do not see why we should not have fair oppor-
tunity for discussion. At any rate, we ought to
have one side heard as well as the other.
The CHAIRMAN. The proposition to extend
the debate generally is objected to; but the prop-
osition to extend the time, so that the gentleman
from Alabama shall have a full hour, not being
objected to, is considered as agreed to. The gen-
tleman from Alabama has the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON addressed the committee for
one hour in opposition to the bill, and offered a
substitute therefor. [His speech will be published
in the Appendix.]
The CHAIRMAN then stated that the gentle-
man from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] was entitled
to an hour, to close the debate upon the bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I propose an amendment,
which I send to tho Chair, as "a substitute for the
substitute offered by the gentleman from Ala-
bama. [Mr. Houston.]
Mr. STANTON. I understand that, under the
rules of the House, the gentleman from Vermont,
having reported the bill, is entitled to an hour for
closing thedebate. Iask theconsentoftheHouse,
with the approval of the gentleman from Vermont,
to occupy a portion of his time.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I can scarcely consent
to that, after gentlemen on that side of the House
refused to extend the time of the gentleman from
Alabama just now.
Mr. S'f ANTON. I did not object to the time
of the gentleman beingcxtcnded, I will say, also,
to the gentleman, that I do not propose to extend
the time of the general discussion on this bill one
moment. I merely propose that a portion of the
time to which the gentleman from Vermont is
entitled shall be given to me with his consent.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Will the gentleman
allow the gentleman from Alabama to proceed a
few minutes longer?
Mr. STANTON. I shall not object.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
allow me to make a suggestion in reference to this
bill ? 1 would submit that it would be better to
allow the vote upon the bill to go over until after
the Chicago convention. In the mean time, those
of us who are opposed to a protective tariff can
have an opportunity to present our views. The
friends of the bill have presented their views at
large in favor of it during the last two weeks.
Mr. STANTON. That is a matterover which
I have no control, and over which, I apprehend,
this committee has no control, i will now pro-
ceed with what I have to say upon this bill.
Mr. BURNETT. Do I understand that the
gentleman from Ohio has the right to occupy any
portion of the time of the gentleman from Ver-
mont?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood the
gentleman to have the unanimous consent of the
committee.
Mr. BURNETT. Not at all. However, as
the gentleman from Ohio is not one of those, as I
understand, who objected to the time of the gen-
tleman from Alabama being extended, I will not
object.
Mr. STANTON. I desired, if 1 could have
had an opportunity, to have occupied an hour of
the time of this committee upon tho subject of
this bill; in the first place, because there has been
no speech in favor of the agricultural interests of
the country; and in the second place, to reply to
some arguments which have been made, and
which, itseems tome, ought to be replied to. Bat
inasmuch as I shall now speak by the indulgence
of my friend from Vermont, for a very few min-
utes, I shall consume the few minutes I shall oc-
cupy in reply to tho arguments of the gentleman
from Alabama, who last addressed the committee.
I am sorry that he has the authority of my col-
league from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] for saying that
it is admitted that the consumer pays the duties
on imports; for, in my judgment, that proposi-
tion lies at the foundation of the whole system of
raising the revenues of the Government by duties
on imports.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust my colleague will
allow me to say that he misquoted what I stated.
I said, and I stand by it, that, as a general rule,
the duties paid upon imports operate as a tax
upon tho consumers. As a matter of course, there
are very many cases where articles are manufac-
tured in tliis country sufficient to meet the de-
mand, iti which the tax will fall upon the importer
and not upon the consumer.
Mr. STANTON. The proposition which the
gentleman from Ohio states as a general rule is
the very proposition which I deny. The gentle-
man's rule proceeds upon the idea that the only
element in the selling price of a commodity is the
cost of production. Now, any man who knows
anything of the essential ingrpdients which make
up the price of merchantable commodities, knows
that the price of any commodity in the market is
always regulated by the relations which the sup-
ply and demand bear to one another.
Now, if it were true that the duties on imports
were paid by the consumer, it would be the most
unjust and iniquitous system of raising revenue
that could by any possibility be devised; for the
man worth §10,000 buys and consumes just as
many dutiable goods in a year as the man worth
$1,000,000. It is therefore altogether iniquitous
to require a man in moderate circumstances to pay
the same amount of tribute for the support of the
Government that is paid by the millionaire. It is
therefore unjust and iniquitous if the assumption
of my colleague bo true. And it is unjust for
another reason. The duties upon imports are paid
when the goods first land upon our shores, by the
original purchasers in the original packages. But
before they reach the consumer, they pass through
the hands of intermediate agents, each of whom
must have a profit not only upon the cost of the
original purchaser, hut upon the duty which was
paid by the original purchaser in this country.
Hence," if the duty is paid by the consumer, it
ought to be paid directly by the consumer to the
Government, and not by the importer, and thus
avoid the necessity of the consumer paying profits
upon the duty. "If, therefore, it were true, as a
proposition in political economy, that duties were
.paid as a general rule by consumers, it would be
'a satisfactory argument against any such system.
You ought to abandon it, and at once resort to the
system of direct taxation for the support of the
Government.
The system of raising revenue by duties upon
imports can only be sustained by its incidental
benefits. What is it that enters into the cost of
an article ? My colleague, the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Moans, yesterday stated
by way of illustration, that if a coat in Prance
costs |20, and a duty of $10 is imposed upon it,
the purchaser must pay $30 for it m New York,
That is his proposition. IN o w, sir, thepurchaser in
New York will pay precisely what a similar coat
can be manufactured and sold for in the United
States, and no more. If an American merchant
can make the same article and sell it for $20, then
the importer of the Paris article cannot sell it for
$30, but he will sell it for $20 and lose the duty
on it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman yield to
a question?
Mr. STANTON. Certainly.
Mr. HOUSTON. In the case put, if the New
York merchant can manufacture and sell the coat
for $20, would the manufacturer in France man-
ufacture a coat at a cost of $20, and send it here
to compete with our manufacture, himself paying
the duty of $10? Would not the duty prevent
the importation of the article?
Mr. STANTON. Everybody understands that.
I have taken this case to show that it is not the
duty which regulates the selling price, but the cost
of the corresponding article here. The question
must always turn upon the question of demand
and supply.
There is a still further answer. Gentlemen'say
that we must buy where we ran buy cheapest;
It is assumed that, if a given commodity cost §10
to import it, and §12 to manufacture it here, of
course, the imported commodity is the cheapest.
It never seems to be considered for a moment
that every man here has to obtain his money by
an exchange of the productions of his own in-
dustry; so that the question of cheapness is not as
lo how many dollars and cents a commodity may
cost, but as to how much of the production of his
own labor it may cost. If, by imposing duties
upon imported goods, you can increase the price
of the commodity, you have to sell at a greater
rate than you increase the money price of the
commodity you have to buy, you are the gainer
by the change. Though the nominal price may
increase, yet when you sell your own article at an
increased price, you are gainers on both sides.
Gentlemen do not see that money is the repre-
sentative of the value of their commodities, and
that the test of cheapness is not the number of
dollars and cents a man's commodities cost. The
commerce of the world is an exchange of com-
modities—an exchange of the'productions of the
different portions of the world. Every man is in-
terested in gaining the largest portion of another
man's earnings with the smallest portion of his
own. It is a matter of the smallest consequenee
whether a man% work represents a dollar. Tno
question is as to how much it represents of the
articles he wants to consume. That is the ques-
tion. Take a case. You can, if you please, buy
imported iron at $50 a ton, and you can sell the
wheat you pay for it at a dollar a bushel. Then
a ton of iron costs fifty bushels of wheat. It may
be that by levying §10 a ton upon imported iron
you can build up a home consumption. You can
save the expense of transportation backwards and
forwards between England and the United States.
You can raise the price of wheat to $1 50a bushel,
because you save the expense of transportation
both ways. You make a home demand, and
cause an immediate exchange among immediate
neighbors. Then—what? Your §10 duty may,
for aught I care for the purposes of argument,
compel the importer to sell his iron at §60 a ton;
but, sir, the farmer, instead of being compelled to
give fifty bushels of wheat for a ton, when he sells
his wheat for §1 50 a bushel, will buy it for forty
bushels of wheat. Although he pays a higher
nominal money price, yet he pays it with a smaller
amount of the production of his own industry.
That is tho philosophy upon'which protection
rests. That is the reason why you are warranted
in imposing duties upon imported goods. It is
because you save the expense of transportation
between distant climes and countries.
Mr. Chairman, what you want in legislation
regulating the industrial interests of the country,
is to encourage them and to turn them into pro-
ductive channels. If you can make a ton of iron
with the same amount of other articles, then it
seems to me that it is wisdom for us to exchange
