1974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
the products of the industry of the country, so as
to save the expense of transportation of the wheat
across the ocean, to feed the men who manufac-
ture iron in Wales, and importing the iron to this
country for consumption. The middle men en-
gaged in the transportation both ways are engaged
in unproductive labor. The money which is paid
for their support is thrown away; but if you will
build up an industry at home which will enable
us to produce the same commodity, these men,
who are engaged in this shipping trade, will go
to some honest business. They will produce some
commodity that will add something to the aggre-
gate wealth of the nation.
Mr. JENKINS. I understand the line of the
gentleman's argument to be this: that although
the farmer and others using iron would have to
pay $60 a ton for iron which would otherwise cost
$50, yot they will get more than this §10 extra
price back in the increased price they get for their
grain and other products consumed by the iron
manufacturers. If that be so, then it would seem
the manufacturer is worse off with the tariff than
without it.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman was never
more mistaken in his life. The manufacturer in
England, for the purpose of marketing his com-
modity, has first to come to the United States and
buy wheat", transport it across the ocean, and feed
it to his operatives, and then he has to pay the
expense of transporting iron across the ocean to
sell it in the United States. It is the transporta-
tion both ways, by which no one is benefited, that
I object to. That is the gain to all of the parties
through the instrumentalities of this tariff.
Mr. HOARD. Is not the domestic manufac-
turer benefited?
,Mr. STANTON. He is able to maintain him-
self, and able to obtain a living price for the pro-
duction of his industry. Let it be admitted, fo£
the purpose of the argument, that owing to the
difference in the price of labor in tin-old country
and this country, you cannot manufacture a ton
of iron for as few dollars in the United States as
you can in England; and hence, that you cannot
maintain iron manufacturing establishments in
the United States, because you cannot go into the
market in competition with the importer who sells
at a lower money price. But when you have
levied a duty upon the imported commodity, so
that the importer is compelled to pay $10 per
ton in addition to the cost of production, then
the domestic manufacturer may be enabled, with
the increased price of labor, to produce a ton of
iron at $60, cash price, and conir into competi-
tion with the importer, and thereby create a mar-
ket for the men who purchase the'iron. That is
the whole philosophy of protection. In pro-
ducing that ton of iron, the manufacturer has to
employ a great variety of persons, who arc con-
suming the agricultural productions of the sur-
rounding country. They become the purchasers
of these agricultural products, and make a mar-
ket for them at home, with no tax for foreign
transportation, and the home producer of every
such commodity gets a larger sum for everything
which his labor produces.
Now, if any man can explain to me the wisdom
of that policy which takes the iron ore, from the
mountains of Pennsylvania, if you please, and
transports it to Wales, there to manufacture it
into railroad bars, and then takes the wheat raised
in Pennsylvania and carries it to England to feed
the men who manufacture the iron, instead of
digging the ore and manufacturing it on the spot,
and consuming the wheat where it is produced,
he will explain to me a strange philosophy. I
pray you, what is sought to be accomplished >
What is the article of human us." which is to be
produced? Railroad iron. Whatis the question
to be considered in its production? How are you
to get it with the least labor? That is the ques-
tion. I say you can get it with the least labor by
manufacturing it upon the spot where the raw
material exists, and where it is not necessary to
spend a large portion of the labor which is ex-
pended ill its production in transporting the ore
across the Atlantic and back again.
Now, it is from these incidental and resulting
benefits, and because the tendency of raising rei£
enue by duties is to stimulate domestic industry
and really to reduce the actual and real substan-
tial cost of the commodity consumed, that the
system of raising revenue by duties is desirable. !
If this philosophy is not sound, if it be not an act-
ual good to the constitution^ society to have in
each community a variety of pursuits in order to
an exchange of commodities, then this system of
raising revenue by duties is unjust, and ought to
be abandoned.
Having very briefly presented that idea, I wish
to say a word or two upon another point. There
are, Mr. Chairman, sundry modes of protection.
One is byimposing duties upon the importedcom-
modity, and the other is by reducing the cost of
the raw material. Hencc you find that there is
always some apparent, rather than a real, collis-
ion between the agriculturist and the manufac-
turer, because the manufacturer is benefited by
the reduction in price of all raw agricultural pro-
ductions which are consumed in producing his
commodity—the labor engaged in it, the food that
is consumed by the workmen, and the raw ma-
terial that enters into his fabric. But let it be
remembered that this same idea of the necessity
for the agricultural products is also indispensable
for the manufacturer. I hold that no branch of
manufacture can be flourishing, durable, and ul-
timately profitable, where the raw material which
enters into its production is not produced where
it is manufactured. Hence the manufacturer has
an ultimate interest in stimulating the production
of the raw material which enters into the produc-
tion of his commodity. He has an ultimate in-
teicst in it, because, in the absence of a domestic
supply of the raw material, he is obliged to go
abroad for it.
In this view, I desire to invite the attention of
gentlemen from manufacturing portions of the
country to some of the provisions of this bill. It
is the interest of the manufacturer first, perhaps,
to buy cheap wool, for instance; but it is also his
interest to stimulate its production in this coun-
try, so that he may have at home the raw mate-
rial which enters into the commodity, and not be
obliged to depend upon a foreign market. It is,
therefore j alike the interest of the manufacturer and
the agriculturist to keep up such price for agiicul-
tural products as well asformanufacturcd products
as will demand the production of both. Manufac-
tured products should always have higher duties,
because there is included in them more labor. If
woolen goods be entitled to a duty of say*twenty-
five per cent., then the duty on the raw material
should be ten per cent., giving a margin of fifteen
per cent, in favor of the manufacturer for the pro-
tection of labor. So if the manufacturer of lin-
seed oil is entitled to a duty of sixteen cents per
gallon, the producer of the seed fiuni which it is
manufactured must also have a duty which will
encourage the product ion of the raw material which
outers into the commodity. These interests must
be harmonized; and those jealousies which are apt
to grow up between raw materials and manufac-
tured commodities must be looked to and cared
for. I am sorry that the manufacturing interest,
in 1857, saw proper to cut loose from the agricul-
tural interest, and let it stand upon its own hook.
But let that pass. All I ask now is, that the
agriculturists shall have the law of 1857 fairly and
honestly executed. The law of 1857 provides that
all wools, the value of which exceeded the price of
twenty cents at the place from whence it was im-
ported, shall nay a duty of fifteen percent. It is
proposed by this bill to place the duty upon such
wool at eight cents per pound. The object of
that law undoubtedly was to import an article
which should be in a marketable condition when
compared with the marketable wool produced m
this country. Now, all that I ask the gentlemen
who represent woolen manufacturing interests
here, is, that they shajl give us such a guard as
will insure us against the importation of wool
with three quarters, or eighty per cent., of dirt,
and which is thereby reduced below twenty cents
per pound in actual value; and it brought in com-
petition with the commodity which we produce.
Mr. COVODE. 1 would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio whether the tariff of 1857 has,
in his opinion, done any damage to the wool-
growing interest? or whether it has not increased
the manufacturing interest, and thereby stimu-
lated an increase of production r
Mr. STANTON. There is no question in the
world hut that the wool grower is benefited by
the increase of woolen manufacture. Everybody
understands that. In the same way the manufac-
turer is benefited by, and interested in, the pro-
duction of the raw material. But I have this
answer to give to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania. I noticc, by the quotations made by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Rice,] in
nis speech the other day, that in cheap wools—
the wools that may be presumed to have come in
free, under the tariff of 1857—there has been a
great reduction in price each year. But my an-
swer to the gentleman from Pennsylvania would
be, that the tariff of 1857 has not yet been in force
long enough to develop its ultimate effects on the
industrial pursuits of the country. Xhe same law
which follows duties on all other commodities
will follow the duties on wool; and if it bo con-
tinued, it must tend to discourage the production
in this country.
Mr. HOUSTON. I Avish to thank the gentle-
man from Ohio for seconding my statement, that
the law of 1857 has not been in operation long
enough to show its virtues. I thank the gentle-
man for sustaining me on that point. In reply to
the gentleman ftom Alabama, I may say that, if
the tariff of 1857 has not been in operation long
enough to develop fully its effects upon the indus-
trial interests of the country, it may, nevertheless,
have pretty fairly developed its character as a rev-
enue measure.
Mr. STANTON. I am obliged to the gentle-
man from Vermontforyieldingme the floor. My
ti,mc has expired, and I now surrender the floor.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, so far as my
action on this bill is concerned, I am in the posi-
tion of an impartial juror. The State of Vermont,
I thank God, in consequence of the inherent en-
ergy and habitual industry of her people, can get
along under any system of revenue policy that
may be adopted by this Government, however
vicious it may be. At the same time, it must be
confessed that she strongly sympathizes with the
prosperity or adversity of the country at large.
I would not, as a legislator, advocate the passage
of any measure that would injure any State, even
( the remotest, in tins Union, or that would not re-
j dound to the general interest and prosperity of
J the whole country. My own idea is, that the
j producer of the raw material always obtains a
! higher and better price for it when itis consumed
1 at home than when it is sent abroad. If, at the
present moment, we consumed the entire cotton
crop of the country, I believe the cotton planters
would be vastly benefited thereby. It is well
known thatinEurope the manufacturerswhosend
their goods here do not obtain the same price which
they obtain when they sell at home. They send
them abroad in order to keep up their own mar-
; kets, and, if possible, to depress and discourage
! production elsewheie.
j The gentleman from Alabama asserts that I have
j admitted that the tariff bill, as we have reported
' it, will produce $60,000,000 a year, and no more.
That is true, if the importations are kept to the
present amount. If the importations are larger,
the revenue will be larger. Suppose we were to
import no more goods than we import under the
present tariff, that would be a fair estimate; but
my own opinion is that the bill will yield, how-
ever, $4,000,000 or §5,000,000 a year more than
| our present tariff. There are no duties proposed
on any article for the simple purpose of protection
alone. The highest duties in the bill are proposed
for the purpose of revenue. The manufacturers
might get along with lower duties, but we require
the revenue. There is not, at this time, a single
yard of broadcloth manufactured yi this country.
, No man in this House wears a coat made of broad-
cloth that is not manufactured abroad. I think it
almost a disgrace to the country that we should be
dependent upon foreigners for every coat we wear,
and do not manufacture anything at all of an arti-
' cle of such universal requnement.
! The gentleman from Alabama says that we have
! enlarged the free list, not for the benefit of the
i country, but for the benefit of manufacturers.
I Now, what is the fact? Why, sir, following the
| great models of free trade, we have added a kirge
I number of articles not produced in the country,
1 and that cannot be produced here. We have added
I cochineal, the gums of India, indigo, saltpeter,
! brimstone, and other similar articles, to the free list,
i The Governments of France, England, and other
i manufacturmgcountries have long embraced these
j articles in theirfree lists ;butwe have also put cocoa
and cocoa leaves upon the free list—as much en-
! titled to go there as tea and coffee—and sulphate
