1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1031
tcl! you the institution of slavery must be sustained. Yes,
sir; we will expand this institution; wc do not intend to
be confined within our present limits; and there are not
men enough in all your borders to coerce three million
armed men in the South."
Have you, gentlemen, made any calculation
where you will expand your institution when you
have withdrawn from the Union? Have you the
madness and folly to believe that you could wrest
it from the States who retain their allegiance to
the Constitution and Government?
There is yetanother plank in this modern Dem-
ocratic platform. Mr. Keitt adds:
" ft is also incontrovertible that all the inhabitants of a
State cannot be educated; the ordinance of God condemns
mankind to labor, and certain menial occupations are in-
compatible with mental cultivation."
Does the slaveholder impiously claim to be
above mankind, so as to be beyond the reach of
the ordinance of God? Are you so privileged
and exalted an order that you are not required to
yield allegiance to that ordinance? You insist
Canaan shall be kept under the curse of excited
Noah. By what right do you endeavor to skulk
from the ordinancey given by the Almighty him-
self: "in sorrow shalt thou eat of it all the days
of thy life; in the sweat of thy face shalt thou
eat bread, till thou return unto theground?,5 This
explains the hostility of southern Democracy to
free men, free labor, and free schools.
Freemen—laboring men of the North—and, if
it be not treasonable, of the South, are you will-
ing to aid in extending into the common Territo-
ries a system whose corner-stone is the ignorance
of the people, and which will establish the policy
that labor " is incompatible with mental cultiva-
tion ?'' Must the honest-hearted laborer, as he reads
the record of science, history, and government, in
a free press, and around whose humble fireside,
after the toil and sweat of the day, from the va-
rious libraries of the land, arepoured outthetreas-
urcs of all ages; and in the mind of his child, if
there be a diamond, it will be developed by edu-
cation, and finally shine in his country's history:
is he to be told that mental cultivation is incom-
patible with labor?
And you now declare, in case this system of
oppression and ignorance be not expanded, you
will sever every tie that binds the Union. You
say you have counted the costs. Have you the
vision ofa seer, to reach far down through coming
time and see all the horrors of such an event?
They will not end in decades, centuries, or cycles.
If you force dissolution upon us we can only
hope—
" If it were done, when 'tis done, then 'twere well
It were done quickly."
On this subject, how appropriate to-day is the
language of Lewis Cass and Daniel S. Dickin-
son on the 1st day of March, 1847, in the Senate
Chamber. Said the former, speaking of dissolu-
tion:
" That word has got to be quite a common one in our
national vocabulary. It frightened me once; but I have
seen it so often that its face has become quite familiar, and
does not inspire the {east dread. I recognize it as an old
acquaintance, changing from time to time its drapery, but
still preserving its identity. Our constituents, the Ameri-
can people, will take caie of us and the crisis, too, and
they will still take care of the Union, .and guard ltfrom any
unholy touch."
The latter said:
" f have no gloomy forebodings over the dissolution of
the Union; politicians could not dissolve it, if they would;
and would not, if they could. It will live on, sir, long after
we are laid in the dust. Pillar after pillar shall strengthen
and adorn the edifice, while others, the veneiable and gray-
headed, who are yet unborn, shall occupy these seat&.and
these walls echo to their voice." ^
Why will you not, then, heed the counsel of
the statesmen of the past and present? You pro-
fess $nuch sympathy for the free laborers of the
North, and brand them as white slaves. Take
within your sympathies the free whites of the
South, and unite with us to give them free homes
in the West. Insist not upon your expansion
theory, nor plant on that virgin soil a servitude
which will disgrace them ♦, for your own people feel
more keenly than we, that—
" The badge of the slave is the scorn of the fTPC."
Charge not upon us the folly of your weakness.
Envy not the North. You possess yow more
than half the Union, to the exclusion of northern
freemen; with a climate genial, to nurture the fruits
of the tropics, and a soil rivaling that of the Nile
inrichness. Saving the blight of slavery, "among
the smooth stones of the stream is thy portion;'*
while the North wrestles with the waterfall, digs
into the mountains, struggles with the quarry,
and cultivates, here and there, a fruitful valley.
Be content to let slavery wear itself out on your
own soil. You may suffer plagues and pestilence;
you may harden your hearts, as did Pharaoh;
but in God's own time He will bid you " let the
Qpople go;" and He will lead them to a land of
rest.
You say the slave, in many cases, kisses the
hand that smites him, and prefers his yoke to
freedom. So did the Israelites, even when the
Lord was their pillar of cloud by day and fire by
night; for in the wilderness they hankered for the
yokes and flesh-pots of Egypt. Ages of oppres-
sion will destroy the ability and inclination to re-
sist.
"Prolonged endurance tames the bold."
Byron makes Bonnivard, the brave prisoner of
Chillon, to say:
" It was, at length, the same to me,
Fettered or fetterless to be;
I learned to love desoair.
My very chains and I grew friends;
So much a long communion tends
To make us what we are."
Gentlemen talk about the brute force of majori-
ties, and declare they will not submit. We are
now told," Dare you but exercise the right of free-
men, in a clear and constitutional mode; elect for
President a man of your choice, and believe in the
teachings of all parties down to 1848, and ' the
dogs of war shall be let loose upon you.' " Al-
ready you are making appropriations of thousands
to build arsenals, to purchase arms, and are now
mustering forces, as you say, to threaten and
coerce the North. You may bind in chains the
body of your slave; you may subject him to the
lash and imprisonment; but when, in the inso-
lence of long-enjoyed power, yeu seek to coerce
individual opinion and political action by craven
threats, did we yield we would deserve to be
slaves.
(l Must I give way and room to your rash choler?
Shall 1 be frightened when a madman stares r"1
We meet you in no unkinil spirit. We desire that
no " son of man" should " prophesy against the
forest of the South field." We are glad that you
are commencing to live on your own account;
that is the true wealt^| of nations. We are grati-
fied that you are weaving your own garments;
it is true they look a little rough at present, but
persevere. After the lapse of years, (probably not
in your time, but your posterity will see it,) sci-
ence will render you much aid. All arts are rude
among a people which is just assuming independ-
ence of its neighbors.
You cannot expect the advantages of machinery,
untiUsome Yankees go down and explain the
mode and manner of its use; for now, in your
great rage and passport system, the tyranny of
travel is exceedingly irksome in your empire,
especially to the Yankee who is at all fond of the
free use of his limbs; so you will have to forego
the advantages of machinery a time longer. I see
by one of your papers, that when you learn to
make shoe pegs, then your brogans you will no
longer import from the North; all you want now
is toleration and industry to make you a great
nation. This is well enough, but for your fright-
ful gasconade. You declare that should a Repub-
lican President be elected, he never can be inau-
gurated in this Capitol. How will you prevent
it' I judge from your military preparation you
mean force. Where will yon get your gunpow-
der? You make none south of Delaware. Where
will you get your fire-arms ? South of Mason and
Dixon's line you manufacture none in all your
borders. Can you retain it now by force? If
so, you will do infinitely better than you did in
1814. The English , then, without any fear, could
1 have crowned a king in your Capitol. They
: drove five thousand of your men from Bladens-
| burg; and although you knew the design of the
: enemy was to invade and burn, you retreated, and
| stopped not to fire a gun in its defense.
| I impugn not your courage, nor reflect upon
! your motives; I but hazard the opinion that, had
i the Capitol stood amid the rocks of New England
i or the rough hills of the North, five thousand of
i her yeomanry would have struck,and if necessary
•perished, in its defense. Since that time, some of
your people have been very solicitous about the
archives. You know Governor Wise, in 1856,
had Fremont been elected President, was pre-
pared to march with one hundred thousand men
to the capital, and seize the archives; but somb
persons very wickedly suggested that it might be
the Treasury he was after, impossible! who ever
alleged that a southern Democrat was actuated by-
mercenary motives? You say you will magnan-
imously withhold the blow if we will consent that
the Constitution recognizes property in man, and
the corresponding right to take it into all the Ter-
ritories of the Union. That we never can do, for
our fathers never did, but guarded carefully against
any such implication. Madison said " he would
not consent that the Constitution should recognize
the idea of property in man."
In the Constitution the word "servitude" was
stricken out, and the word " service'' unanimously
inserted: the former being thought to express the
condition of slaves, and the latter the obligations
of free persons. The term "legally" waserased,
because it was thought equivocal, and favoring
the idea that slavery was legal in a moral view,
and " under the laws thereof " substituted. Why,
then, should we admit what our fathers never con-
ceded ? The Constitution merely recognizes the
right of each State, and the obligations of sister
States, to restore her fugitives, whether from ser-
vice or justice; and as by this provision it did
not pretend to designate what might or might not
be crimes, leaving that with each State, any State
might make a new and additional enumeration
of crimes, and have her rights respected under this
provision. So the Constitution did not legalize and
sanction existing forms of labor any further than
protecting each State in her systems of labor,
whatever they might be; and should new forms
of labor be introduced in a State, they would be
protected in the rendition provision, and the Con-
stitution not be chargeable with the folly or wis-
dom of existing or new forms of labor.
The white men of the North are now.excluded
from fifteen slave States of the Union; they are
driven from your borders simply because they
exercise the right of thought and speech. Such
as South Carolina, Georgia, and Kentucky are,
you sought to make California, Oregon, and Kan-
sas. While you claim the right to carry into the
common Territories your slaves, and the local
law which creates them, and the public opinion
which sustains it, you deny to the men of the
North the right to take what is dearer to them
than property—their principles. You deny them
the free use of the mails; you exercise a censor-
ship of the press and inquisition of individual
thought, more revolting than a Russian despotism.
Evei^here.inthe calmness of deliberation, the dis-
tinguished gentleman from the noble-State of Mis-
souri, where the bonds of slavery are weakening
and dissolving, where the steam engine is puffing
the dark wave to the remote South, (Mr. Ander-
son,] said;
" I now predict that, unless a revolution shall take place
in the public sentiment of the North, of which I have now
no hope, within the next twelve months, no man from ttiat
section of the Union will bo permitted to travel through the
southern States, unless he brings with him evidences of
conservative feelings and sentiments towards the people of
the South and its domestic institutions."
These, sir, are the liberal principles of that
party, which knows no North, 110 South, no
East, rib West, and is self-boasting in the virtues
of a great nationality, and clamorous over the fact
that Fremont had no electoral votes in the fifteen
States where just such intolerance as has been
thundered in our ears dominatss over all. Re-
move the despotism of opinion and anarchy of
j violence from your own people, and an unfettered
judgment in your own States would rally thou-
sands around the standard of free labor, free
schools, and free soil. See the once proud State
of Virginia laying her hands 011 the mails and
authorizing some prejudiced justice to sit in judg-
{ ment and condemn to the flames all publications
j that excite his ire. And this, beyond all things,
i shows the outrage and enormity of the system,
which cannot be sustained, except upon the de-
struction of all those rights which should be the
boast of a free people.
A few years ago a half-naturalized Hungarian
i! was seized ill Smyrna by Austria, and claimed as
il a criminal against her laws. This nation was
