1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1975
of ammonia, an article the farmers require for
manure. On the other hand, we have taken from
the existing free list copper in bars and pigs, in
order to give encouragement tothe copper mining
interest of this country, which is destined to be, in
a short time, one of no insignificant importance.
I believe that, in the course of two years even, we
shall produce all the copper that we require for
our own consumption, and shall export consider-
able quantities of it. We even now export, some;
but we import a larger amount than we export.
There is no doubt we are destined to supply a
large portion of the world with copper.
We have also taken from the free list of 1857
flax and linseed. The articles that we have re-
moved from the free list will produce nearly if
not quite as much revenue as will be missed from
those we have added to it. The gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Houston] insists that we have
raised the duty on sugar; while the gentleman
from Virginia insists that we have reduced it.
Now, it will be found that the specific rates placed
on sugar, when translated into ad valorem duties,
leave it about at the same level, or a trifle less than
they are at present. To fix a specific duty, it
would be unfair to take the price when it was very
high or greatly depressed. We have accordingly
chosen a moderate average. In 1857, the duty
paid on brown sugar, with the rate at twenty-four
per cent., was equal to one cent and less than one
mill per pound. In 1856 it was one cent and three
nulls. In 1857 it was one cent and six mills. This
was a season of scarcity, and we paid that year
$12,784,381 20 of revenue on sugar alone. We
did not need the revenue; and the amount was
certainly too much to collect upon an article of
such prime necessity. It is somewhat doubtful
whether any duty at all on sugar is defensible;
but, as we need the revenue, we have fixed a rate
that we deem entirely fair. I am willing to con-
cede that even the small crop of Louisiana operates
favorably to us in our purchases of sugar from
Cuba; but I could wish for a stronger hope that
we were ever to look for a full supply of this ui-
ticle within our own boundaries.
Mr. HOUSTON. Before the gentleman passes
from the point of the free list, as he seems to have
misapprehended the point I made, I would like to
interrupt him for a moment.
Mr. MORRILL. If the gentleman does not
want more than two or three minutes, he can go
on. , .
Mr. HOUSTON. I just wanted to say, in ref-
erence to making the raw material, which enters
into the process of manufacture, and enters largely
into the cost of manufacture, as an original ques-
tion, I would have no objection to placing those
articles upon the free list if the scale of duty on
the fabricated article were so regulated as to place
the consumer upon an equality with the manu-
facturer. But my objection to it in this case is,
that the duty upon the fabricated article lias been
established in reference to the duty upon the raw
material. Now you come in and propose to re-
lieve the manufacturer from the duty upon the
raw material, the amount of which goes into the
pockets of the manufacturer; yet the consumer
derives no benefit from it; but, on the contrary,
he will be damaged by it You not only protect
him by increasing the duty upon the fabricated
article, but you also protect him by relieving him
from the duty upon the raw material.
Mr. MORRILL. I think, if the gentleman will
examine this bill, he will find that the aveiage
rates of duties upon manufactured articles are not
higher, but rather lower, than they are now; but
being to a large extent specific, they will prove
of great value to the country, m giving steadiness
to our markets, as well as to the revenue; and
because frauds will be to a very great extent ob-
viated, which are now practiced under our ad
valorem system, and which have made our Gov-
ernment almost equal in infamy to that of Mex-
ico and other countries, where their revenue laws
are a mere farce.
Upon the subject of wool, the scale to which
the friends of this bill are committed, in the sub-
stitute which I have offered, is, that upon all grades
under eighteen cents in value per pound, it shall
come m duty free; upon grades ranging from
eighteen to twentv-four cents per pound we pro-
pose a duty of three cents per pound; and upon
ill grades above that, a duty of ..me cents per
pound.
In relation to this matter I do not desire that
any .portion of the House shall be deceived.
For one, I would never consent that an article like
wool, which can be produced in this country to any
extent it may be required, shall be placed upon
the free list; and whenever the demand shall be
made to import free raw materials which we can
and ought to produce at hoijie, and then import
the labor by which such materials are to be worked
up, Ishall be content to abandon the barrenhonor
of having the mere workshops located on our soil.
I am for fixing the duty at such a rate as shall
'afford ample protection to the farmer as well as
the manufacturer. I believe it is a conceded fact
that the price of wool is, at the present time, sat-
isfactory to the wool grower. It is also admitted
that there is not wool enough grown in the coun-
try to satisfy the demand. But, sir, I do not quite
agree with the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Rice,] in reference to the amount of wool
produced in this country, and the amount of im-
ported wool. I am satisfied that the next census ^
will show that not less than 70,000,000 pounds
are grown in the country at the present time. I
have no question that you will find that although
the quantity has somewhat fallen off in New
England, it has largely increased in Virginia, Ken-
tucky, Tennessee, Missouri, and everywhere m
the Westand Southwest,and especially in Texas.
I am aware that up to the present time the quan-
tity grown here has not been sufficient .to meet
the wants of our manufacturers; but- the deficiency
I do not estimate at much more than 30,000,000
pounds.
It will also be admitted, or at least it will be con-
tended by me, that the wool which is introduced
into this country does compete with the wool
grown here. There is no doubt that the cloth
made of the wool introduced from abroad, mixed
with ours, is of finer quality, but it is not so strong,
and will not make so good a fabric. The fibers of
our wool, when passed between the fingers, are
almost as strong as silk; while those of the for-
eign article, passed through the fingers, will break
almost as easily as scorched flax. A man dressed
in good Yankee woolen might run through afield
of burnt stumps without peril; but not so in the
soft cloths now in the market. The cloth made
from that from abroad will felt, and work up with
a finer finish into acertain class of clothswhich it
is indispensably necessary for our manufacturers
to produce; because there is a large demand for
them in our market, which the importers are ready
aud eager to supply- The wool from abroad will
work into cloths, the warp of which is cotton or
silk, far better than that grown in this country;
and 1 am therefore willing that, on fair terms, the
manufacturer shall have it.
There is another item in the bill, to which
I desire to call the attention of the committee.
Under the law of 1857, linseed, not embracing
flaxseed, which is identically the same thing, j
comes in duty free, while flaxseed pays a duty of ,
fifteen per cent. It is due to the framcrs of that j
law to say, that it is a hereditary taint. It be-
longs to the tariff of 1846. Under that law, lin-
seed was fixed at a duty of ten per cent., while
flaxseed was put at twenty per cent. Of course
the whole thing is a humbug, whether so intended
; or not. At all events, flaxseed, under the name
| of linseed, is whipped in free. By our present
' bill we have fixed the duty on linseed oil at six-
S teen cents per gallon. It is a duty which we
I deemed to be reasonable. The duty is about
I double that under the present law, which would
i be about eight cents and seven mills per gallon
I We have fixed it, as I said, at sixteen cents. We
! have fixed the duty on linseed or flaxseed at ten
cents "pir bushel. We should have placed it
I higher but for the absolute certainty that a higher
| rate would exclude the seed altogether, and bring
S instead linseed oil. As it is, we have doubled the
duty on the oil, and placed a duty on seed, where
theie was none before. .
At the present time linseed is very important
to our commerce. England having a closer con-
nection with the Indies than we have, has alaigei
trade there. She sends vastly more of her prod-
ucts to India than she can get back in retuin.
Hence it is that she is willing to take hemp and
flaxseed and other things at alow rate. If tia.
freight is made., it is all that is desired. Our mei-
chants, therefore, are cpmPe!!od/°fdotu"Li"ht"
ness now withouta profit, and only foi thefrug .
If we change the rate and make it higher on lin-
seed, we shall only hand over the business to our
great commercial rival—England.
The importation of linseed oil last year was over
a million gallons, while we imported about two
millon four hundred thousand bushels of tile seed,
giving employment to not less than one hundred
ships, which are engaged in our California trade,
and which, if it were not for this trade, would
have been obliged to return in ballast.
But we have given the grower of flax and flax-
seed a much more valuable assistance. By our
present law the duty upon linen is only fifteen
per cent., and in the pending bill we have raised
it to twenty, twenty-five, and thirty per cent.
It would be possible, under that provision, for
the people of our own country to go into, the
manufacture of linen, as well as into the manu-
facture of cotton and woolen goods. If that be
done, then the farmer of the West, or of any of the
States, who cultivates flax to sell, will find a mar-
ket for not only the seed, but the fiber, the culti-
vator of flax will then get more than double the
amount he would if he only raised the flax for
seed. Now, he only gets from $8 to $15 an acre
for his crop; but if he can sell the fiber, he will
get at least §25 in addition; making something
like §35 to §40 an acre for his crop. A duty on
the seed is a mere pittance; but if you double or
treble the value of the crop, without increasing
the cost hardly at all, you confer a substantial
benefit. By the new process of working flax, it
can be disposed of as soon as it is cut and dried,
without the tedious process of rotting and hack-
ling. If this bill should become a law I have no
question that the culture of flax would soon be
one of the most important crops of our country,
and then we should cease, perhaps, being so
largely dependent upon India for our supply.
Mr. Chairman, in any adjustment of a tariff, in
the first instance, commerce will to some extent
suffer; but when agriculture and manufactures
shall be stimulated and invigorated, commerce
will then reap a richer harvest. We have, to be
sure, in this bill, proposed to put a specific duty
upon cables and anchors of one cent and a half
per pound. The present duty amounts to about
one cent on anchors. I am told by those who
are intelligent in this matter that if the insurance
companies of this countiy would merely provide
that no ship should be classed as A No. 1, unless
she had the same quality and style of anchor and
cables which are required for the British navy,
it would be all the protection our manufacturers
would ask or require. The anchors and cables
there have to undergo an inspection and a test to
show their strength. The fiber or toughness of
American iron is so much better than the ordi-
nary quality produced in England, that we can
make anchors and cables equal to that test, and
at as low a pricc as they can be made in England.
In connection with this, I may say, that many
of our ships are lost by using inferior cables and
anchors. When cables and anchors were man-
ufactured in Maine arid Massachusetts, under the
tariff of 1842, I believe that there is not an in-
stance upon rccord of one of those American
cables parting, or an anchor giving way. I think
that, as a matter of insurance, what we propose
would prove decidedly advantageous to the ship-
ping: interest. . . .
In the substitute I have offered for the original
bill the alterations are not important. We have
put in the bill a provision that copper shall pay
: a tax of two cents a pound. Within eighteen
! months or two years copper will be made at as
il low or a lower rate in this country than 111 any
j: other We have also put a duty upon Kerosene
!| oil, an article of recent production, of ten cents
per o-allon. It is likely that we can produce that
article in this country at a lower rate than m any
other part of the world; but some competition
may be apprehended from the British Provinces
Wc have imposed a duty of four cents a yard
upon hemp carpets. Wo also propose a less
duty upon woolen yarns of a less cost than titty
L°We have also changed the duty in relation to
o-unny cloth. There isastyle of gunny cloth very
heavy, which is worth nearly double the price of
the ordinary article; and we place a duty upon that
by the pound,.instead of by the yard. Upon the
article of silk—tram, thrown, and organzine we
have also raised the duty from ten per cent, to
