1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
their results, and in the inquiries to which they
may lead, will be found scarcely to compensate
for the labor of making the investigations; for I
think both subjects are sufficiently within.our
knowledge now to furnish ground for all the legis-
lation of which they are capable. However, sir,
the gentleman from Virginia very naturally de-
sires an inquiry into a subject so deeply and so
dearly affecting the State which he represents.
The gentleman from Illinois thinks that the public
welfare requires that we should investigate the
other case mentioned. I have no objection to
that. That inquiry can do no harm; and, if it is
not intended in any way to obstruct the execution
of the resolution of the gentleman from Virginia
for his inquiry, I hope that no objection will be
made to either, and that the Senate will, after they
have adopted the resolution, appoint the commit-
tee, and there let the matter for the present rest,
and let us have a few days more to recover all
our calmness and give all our consideration to
the irritable and important question# which now
press upon us.
I rose simply to suggest this mode of reconciling
the views of gentlemen, and rendering unneces-
sary any debate on the merits of these resolutions,
and particularly any recurrence to circumstances
and events in the past which gentlemen seem dis-
posed to make.
Mr. WILSON. I shall vote, Mr. President,
very cheerfully, for the proposition made by the
Senator from Virginia; and I shall also vote for
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Illinois; but I would not do so if it was intended
in any manner to obstruct any investigation under
the original proposition. I am willing that this
resolution shall be adopted, that a committee shall
be appointed, and that a searching investigation
shall be made; and whoever may be implicated
in any way in the movement at Harper's Ferry, I
am willing that that person shall be held respons-
ible before the country.
Now, sir, the Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Hunter] has alluded to the public sentiment of
the country. I believe I utter but the sentiment
of all Senators around me from the free States
when I say, that when the intelligence of this
movement was first received, it was regarded by
the public press and by the people as a strike of
the workmen at the armory. When the intelli-
gence came of its real character, it was received
by the press and the people with emotions of
sincere and profound regret. Eut, sir, an election
was pending in the States of New Jersey and
New York, and, for mere partisan purposes, one
or two papers in the city of New York opened
the most violent assault and made the most false
and infamous charges against public men and the
masses of the people in the free States. This
course excited universal indignation. That such
charges were made against men who never
dreamed of a thing of that kind, excited and
aroused the people. I venture to say that not one
in ten thousand of the people of the free States
ever dreamed that such a movement was on foot
or knew anything about it or had any connection
with it, and they felt outraged by the cruel and
unjust accusations made against the people of the
free States.
It was my fortune to spend two or three weeks
in the States ofJNew York and New Jersey pend-
ing that election. I never saw a man in either of
those States, during that canvass, who did not
regret it. The leader of that movement at Har-
per's Ferry, by his bearing, his courage, his
words, his acts, has excited the deepest sympathy
of many men, and extorted the admiration of all,
during his trial and during all the scenes that have
since taken place. I believe that to be the senti-
ment of the country generally. Men believed
that he was sincere, that he had violated the law,
but that he had followed out his deepest and sin-
cerest convictions, and was willing to take the
consequences of his acts. Then, to add to all the
rest, the present Governor of Virginia, by his
mode of dealing with this question, by his evident
attempt to make political capital out of it, by his
effort to get up a panic and to make a parade, has
excited a feeling of derision and contempt among
the masses of the people. In my judgment, the
sympathy and the popular feeling manifested to-
wards John Brown are owing more to the conduct
of Governor Wise than to any other source what-
ever. Had he dealt witfr this question 3s a wise
and discreet magistrate; had these parties been
brought to trial at the proper time, and tried fairly;
had he sent a few constables, or perhaps a few
armed men there, to preserve order; had he held
these parties responsible, and not attempted to
implicate men, for partisan purposes, in com-
plicity with it; had he dealt with this question as
it should have been dealt with by a discreet and
proper man, who had no ulterior purpose to gain,
what we witness in this country to-day would
never have taken place.
Sir, I shall vote most cheerfully for this investi-
gation. T hope it will be thorough; I hope, the
investigation will be honest; I hope it will go to
the bottom of the affair. I shall vote for the
amendment of the Senator from Illinois as it has
been presented; and I shall vote for the original
proposition with or without it.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I am glad that
the honorable Senator from Virginia has brought
forward this proposition. I am not only in favor ef
it, but I am glad that it has been brought forward;
and I believe that if it had not been brought for-
ward by the honorable Senator from Virginia, it
would have been brought forward by some of the
honorable Senators who have been charged with
complicity in this undertaking. It seems to me they
must have courted the investigation, and I am grat-
ified, as the honorable Senator from Mississippi
has been, to hear all about me declare that they de-
sire the fullestinvestigation of this matter. Ashas
just been said, I hope it will be thorough, search-
ing, and go to the very root of the transaction, in
its inception, in its progress, and in its conclusion.
But while I agree with this proposition and desire
that this investigation may be made, I equally
agree with the gentleman from Illinois and his
proposition. I desire an investigation there, into
the origin, the progress, and extent of the move-
ment referred to by him. It seems to me, Mr.
President, that the question now before the Sen-
ate is not so much whether this proposition shall
be investigated or that proposition investigated,
or both propositions investigated, as whether they
shall be investigated by the same committee.
That is the whole of it; whether the committee
that has in charge the resolution of the Senator
from Virginia shall have also in charge the amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois.
It seems to me that there is an eminent fitness
and appropriateness in sending these two propo-
sitions, which are kindred, though different, to the
same committee. I suppose I may be permitted
to state that, by the courtesy or by the parlia-
mentary law of the Senate, the honorable Senator
from Virginia will be chairman of that committee.
Does he fear to deal with the proposition of the
Senator from Illinois ? Is not he content to have
it under his own investigation, and will he not
investigate it ? Has he any fear that he will be
embarrassed by it? It is simply asking that the
same committee which has in charge the one shall
have in charge the other. Now, I ask if the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia himself will shrink
from that undertaking, if it is committed to liim,
or any other gentleman of the Senate to whom it
might be committed ? It cannot take a long time.
The report can be made on both matters at the
same time, and then the country will have an op-
portunity to judge in regard to both.
Mr. President, it will do more than that; it will
quiet much of the ill-feeling and jealousy which
has grown up here, when the country sees the
same committee which takes the subject of the
difficulty at Harper's Ferry in charge, also taking
the subject of the difficulty at Liberty, in Mis-
souri, in charge, and the same committee investi-
gating and reporting on both. It will do much,
in my judgment, to quiet the ill-feeling and jeal-
ousy which has grown up. Cannot the members
of the Senate see an appropriateness in that? 1
understand the Senator from Virginia to say he
is willing to agree to the investigation which the
Senator from Illinois requires. vVhy shall it not
bo made by the same committee ? It will embar-
rass nobody; it will not be more expensive nor
take more time, it seems to me. It appears to me,
I repeat it, that there is an eminent fitness in join-
ing the two propositions.
But I want to say a word further, Mr. Presi-
dent, on this subject before I sit down, though
not exactly so nearly connected with the propo-
sition under consideration as the remarks I have
heretofore made; and that is in answer*"to what
fell from the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hun-
ter] in regard to the sympathy of the North for
Virginia in this difficulty. I understand him to
desire to know whether Virginia's co-States in
this Union, the other States, have sympathy for
Virginia in this difficulty, or whether (Ibelieve I
use his language) they have sympathy for the crime
that has been committed ? Now I say to that Sena-
tor, so far as I have ascertained, so far as I have any
knowledge or any observation, I have failed any-
where and everywhere to find any sympathy for
that crime. I have heard it condemned every-
where and on all occasions. I will not say that
in my latitude, and in the State from ivhich I
come, or its vicinity, there is any sympathy with
the institution against which that was directed,
for there is not the least; but if .there is no sym-
pathy for that institution, there is a desire, and a
strong desire, entertained by the people in that
section of the country, to abide by the Constitu-
tion, to abide by the law and the forms of the
law, and they have no desire whatever to stir up
any strife of this kind.
I have no doubt that, when this investigation
shall be had and a report shall be made, the result
will be eminently satisfactory to the gentlemen
who desire the inquiry. Sir, if you look at this
transaction, what do you find? Here was John
Brown, after having been aggravated, as he was
in Kansas, by the death of his son, for two years
in Canada, in Kansas, and in various parts of
the United States, carrying forward and medita-
ting on this proposition; he was preparing his
arms, he was seeking contributions m money,
and when he ha'd expended his exertions for two
years, what had he accomplished? Ho had got
twenty-two mon, black ana white, who would go
with him, and that was all. Ill the whole vast
region of the North he could find only twenty-
two men, seventeen white men and five negroes,
to engage in this undertaking. Do not the Sena-
tors from Virginia see m this the eminent con-
servatism of the North? A man might go into
my section of the country, and if he were capable
of carrying it forward, he could get more men to
go pirating than they got for this foray against
Virginia.
But before I sit down, Mr. President, I want to
say one word in answer to what fell from the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri on the subject of
the invasion of Kansas, or the purloining of the
arms from the arsenal at Liberty, in the State of
Missouri; because that matter was investigated,
and the whole transaction is stated in the report
of the Kansas committee, which is before me. 1
understood that honorable Senator to say that
those arms wore taken for the purpose of pro-
moting law and order. Hear wiiat the Kansas
committee say:
"Among the many acts oflawless violence which it has
been the duty of your committee to investigate, this inva-
sion of Lawrence is the most defenseless. A comparison
of the facts proven,with the official statements of the officers
of the Government, will show how groundless were the
pretexts which gave rise to it. A community in which no
crime had been committed by any of its members, against
none of whom had a warrant been issued or a complaint
made, who had resisted no process in the hands of a real or
pretended officer, was threatened with destruction in the
name of 'c law and orderand that, too, by men who
marched from a neighboring State, with arms obtained by
force; and who, at every stage of their progress, violated
many laws, and among others the Constitution of the United
States."
Now, I understand both of these forays, the
one against the arsenal at Harper's Ferry, and
the other against that at Liberty, in Missouri,
were for illegal purposes. The gentleman desires
that the transactions in Kansas should be forgot-
ten, because they are past and gone. The trans-
actions themselves are past, sir; but the record of
them survives and the memory of them will live;
and, in my judgment, it is those transactions which
have returned to plague, I will not say the invent-
ors, but those who meddled with them. "Where
did John Brown learn that arms could he had at
Harper's Ferry ? Where did he get his example ?
From Missouri, where an armed band took arms
from an arsenal of the Government to invade
Kansas. He only followed the example that was
set him; he only carried out the same violence that
was practiced there to a greater degree; and if
both were illegal, both improper, both directed
against the pioperty of the United States, why
not let the same committee take the two transac-
tions and examine them both,and report on ijo'th
