mm.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June' IB,
me when it got my vote; it was admitted by my
friend from Virginia, who brought in the bill, and
the gentlemen on the other side who concurred
"witfe him in its support, for I believe there were
Vut eight votes against it—that it would produce
$50,000 ,000. The first year of its operation was
an exceptional case; it produced but $42,000,000.
The next year it brought within the merest frac-
tion of the estimate; and as commerce reacted,
this year it has gone f4,000,000 beyond it; but it
has not kept pace with the appropriation bills,
because it has been the settled policy of a ma-
jority in both branches of Congress, during the
last Congress and this, to make this impossible.
To do this, we should be compelled, by wasteful
and extravagant appropriations, to raise the tariff,
in order to give bounties to particular pursuits.
Ferhaps they will succeed; but let them remem-
ber that half of the average rate of duties now im-
posed upon foreign imports,placed upon the free
lists, would raise a revenue which would even defy
their bad ingenuity to, expend in the public ser-
vice.
Mr. President, it has been, in my judgment,
the deliberate purpose of a large number of Rep-
resentatives in both branches so far to swamp
your Government financially as to make what
they call protection necessary. I have seen a
settled scheme to revive a condemned system of
revenue by the people of the United States. (
think it is extremely unfortunate for the Republic
that the questions of finance and protection ever
mingled themselves together. The people are
plundered of millions in appropriations to make
room for a system which gentlemen suppose pro-
tects their domesti# industry; and therefore, we
are saddled with two evils instead of one. We
are subjected to extravagant appropriations as well
as enhanced prices of the necessaries of life. The
doctrine, then, that the modern tariff men rest
upon—that they only desire protection t<*the ex-
tent of revenue necessary to carry on the Gov-
ernment—is simply aggravating one evil in order
to make the infliction of another necessary. And
when the passions of the hour shall have passed
away; when men shall look to these questions
philosophically, lilce statesmen, and not m their
party aspects, the authors of this mischievous
policy will meet with great condemnation on both
sides of the protective question.
When we made the tariff of 1857, we said that
with the $50,000,000 which we expected it to raise,
in addition to the revenues which the public lands
would yield, we would raise as much revenue as
we wanted. So far as the Administration is con-
cerned, I condemn its management of the public
lands. It was not a violation of law, but its dis-
cretion was unwisely used. I condemned it twelve
months ago, and I condemn it now. In my judg-
ment, sound policy ought to have induced it to
put the lands in market according to the settled
policy of the Government, which has never been
changed by law. The discretion is with the Ex-
ecutive; but the general policy of the country has
been to extend sales as fast as the demand would
warrant. That policy has been unwisely aban-
doned; but, sir, when I say so, it is in obedience
to the entire policy of the Republican party; so
that the condemnation which I bestow on the
Administration comes with tenfold force upon the
Republican party, who seek to destroy forever
this source of revenue. I repeat, if there is any
blame to the Administration, it applies with ten-
fold force to the Republican organization, whose
policy annihilates in a moment this source of pub-
lic revenue.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say a very few
words on this subject, in reply to what has been
said by the Senator from Georgia. He has stated
very rightly that this question, as it presents
itself—the question now before the Senate prop-
erly—is a very simple one. We have to pro-
vide for a certain amount of floating obligations,
amounting to $20,000,000, and interest, supposed
to make it amount to about twenty-one million
dollars. The question presents itself, as we have
not money to pay it at the present time, whatwe
shall do with it; whether \ye shall let itfloat as it
does, by renewingtheseTreasury notes,from year
to year, by law, or whether we shall make a per-
manent provision by funding them, considering
them so much fixed debt, and go on to provide for
the necessary expenses of the Government in a
different way or in the ordinary mode.
Now, sir, that we shall have to do one of these
things, in regard to providing for them, is very evi-
dent. The House have come to the conclusion
that they ought to be funded; that we ought to
borrow the money to pay these notes, and not have
them floating in the market. They have come to the
conclusion, also, that by the same law by which we
increased our permanent debt, considering that it is
to be permanent, and shall not raise money enough
under the tariff to pay for it, we should so increase
the duties upon customs as to make provision to
pay it within a reasonable time—within two years.
The power to pay it must come from that source,
if it comes from any. We must get the revenue
from customs to enable us to pay for them* They
have taken a mode known perfectly well to the
British Parliament, and which they have almost
invariably followed; and thatis,when theygrant
a subsidy of a certain amount of money they or-
dinarily provide some mode in which it is to be
raised, and in'that also to provide sufficient per-
manent revenue to meet the wants of the Govern-
ment. The Committee on Finance have decided
differently with reference to the propositions of
the House. They say they will take the meas-
ures separately; they will fund these notes, make
so much addition to the permanent debt of the
country, and then take care of the question of the
tariff afterwards.
Now, sir, it is perfectly useless to attempt to
conceal the different views taken by the two
Houses on this subject, or rather by the House
of Representatives and the majority of the Com-
mittee on Finance. The House wish to connect
the two subjects together, believing that they
should properly go together, and that that was
the only way in which they could be provided
for. On the contrary, the majority of the Com-
mittee on Finance think that we should take care
of one, and trust to hick with the other. That is
precisely the question presented to the Senate at
the present time: whether we shall take, sub-
stantially, the policy of the House in regard to it,
or Whether we shall adopt the old one—run in
debt to a certain amount, and then afterwards try
the question whether we will raise the revenue to
pay it. Such is the difference of opinion in refer-
ence to that matter almost between the two parties
here, organized as we are, and a difficulty that
presents itself which we have got to meet.
For my own part, sir, my belief is—I will not
stop now to discuss it; it is not the proper time,
and I am not prepared to do it—that we cannot
raise sufficient revenue under the present tariff to
meet all our obligations alone; that we shall con-
tinue just as wc have done ever since this Admin-
istration came into power, in spite of all the
prophecies that have been made—run in debt a
certain number of Millions every year. Then the
question presents itself, how long arc we going
on borrowing money and funding debt; issuing
Treasury notes in the first place, and, finding we
cannot pay them within the time within which
they arc limited, then putting them into the shape
of bonds for a given number of years, and issuing
more Treasury notes when we find ourselves in
debt, and thus increasing the debt of the country.
There is the exact difference between the policy
of the two parties, and it is just as well to have
it stated. It has been stated here before on this
floor. It was stated at the commencement of this
Administration. It was stated, in the first placc,
when the proposition was first made to borrow
§20,000,000, which Mr. Cobb told us could be
paid within a year or very soon after. We were
told it was only an experiment to gain a little
time, to give the tariff an opportunity to pay it
off. What was the result? The result was, we
funded that and issued $20,000,000 more. Now it
is proposed to fund that, and trust to luck on the
tariff again, and go along still further on the belief
of the Senator from Virginia—not on the belief of
the Secretary of the Treasury, I imagine—that
this tariff will raise sufficient revenue to meet all
the wants of this Government. How? If wc con-
line ourselves strictly within the limits of the esti-
mates of the Secretary of the Treasury, possibly
it might; but with the necessary additions—I say
the necessary additions—made to them by the ap-
propriations to carry out existing laws, wc shall
not be able to accomplish that much.
Now, sir, I am to take of two things only one,
and that I believe to be the policy of my friends
here. I know nothing al)out their views; butcer-
tainly in the lower House it is so. Taking it
separately, supposing we arc to act upon it sepa-
rately, the amendment offered by the Committee
on Finance, to the proposition for a loan, meets my
approbation. 1 think twoyearsisnotlong enough.
We cannot negotiate a loan to any sort of advant-
tage for that time. Five years would be much
better. The loan ought to be strictly appropri-
ated to the payment of these1 notes, instead of
going any fuithfjr in the way in which we have
beengoing. That is all I have to say upon that
subject.
It has been correctly stated % the Senator from
Georgia, that this matter of how much will be
raised, one way or the other, is a matter of belief,
a matter of opinion; and opinions will vary with
men, according to their degree of intelligence, the
degree of study they devote to it, and the differ-
ent positions from which they look at the ques-
tion as it presents itself. I do not agree with the
chairman of the committee, that this tariff, in its
operation, at the present time, for the coming year,
or for the next year, within any reasonable limits,
will pay the amount of money that is necessary
to meet the appropriations, and 1 believe even the
necessary ^appropriations.
But thtfprincipal thing for which I rose, (for I *
did not design to say anything upon this question
of finanjee,) was to answer, to some extent, the
statements made by the Senator from Georgia
with T/sgArd to the proper responsibility for all
thisJWWhy, sir, the idea, so fixr as parlies are
I responsible, is, that the party responsible for ap-
j propriations is the majority. That is the ordinary
I proposition. The Senator turns around, how-
ever, and says this Republican party is responsi-
ble for all these appropriations that are made; it
is their party policy. Why, sir, it is but a day
since we became a party. We have not been ad-
mitted by the majority on this floor to be a party
until since a large part of this debt was accumu-
lated. It was but a short time ago that we had
no existence. It was said wc were not" a healthy
organization." There were not enough of us to
be recognized. We were a mere baker's dozen.
Nowhere did we have a standingin this commu-
nity at all. And yet, sir, all of a sudden, when
you find a large debt heaped upon the country,
and that that debt is continually increasing from
year to year, the Republican party is reponsible
for it, small as it is, new as it is, young as it is !
Is it not for the Democracy in this Chamber to
present these things, if they are wrong and cor-
rupt, as the Senator from Georgia says they are?
We hardly amountto a third of the numbers here.
Who has control of your committees? Why, sir,
you do not even give us a committee of this body.
None of these appropriations for these large sums
can come upon these bills, except as recommended
by a committee of this body. That is the rule of
the Senate. You say we have added all these
millions to these appropriation bills as they come
from the House. Who added them? Who rec-
ommended them? Where did they come from?
There is not a committee of this body that has
any conncction with the money affairs of this
Government in any shape which has more than
two Republicans on it. You stand five to two,
and every recommendation for an appropriation,
large or small, of every kind that is calculated to
make an addition to these bills, comes from a com-
mittee of this Senate in which you stand as five
to two. I should like to know how two can over-
rule five. How do you make the Republican
party responsible for this recommendation from
a committee ?
Mr. TOOMBS. If the Senator will ask me, I
will tell him. It is by your votes on this floor,
united with a few on this side. I stated the prop-
osition. I only want the Senator to repeat it
fairly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Have we votes enough?
Mr.TOOMBS. You have, with those who have
an interest in questions, and do not stand by their
party on this side.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Ah! That is to say, with
the aid of the Democratic party, there are enough
of us to make a majority upon some questions.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is all very true; but
I should like to see the Democratic party doing
its duty, if these things are corrupt. Why do
not they keep these appropriations off? How do
they get through committees? You do not con-
