1032
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
aroused, and American cannon would have echoed
along the classic shores of the Mediterranean, and
American blood crimsoned her waters, hadahair
of Martin Koszta's head been injured. Mr.Buch-
anan is begging for the Army and Navy to re-
dress the rights of American citizens in Mexico
and Central America; yet here, within the States,
upon tlie citizens thereof, outrages are committed
which should mantle the cheeks of barbarism with
shame, and no lamentation comes from the soli-
citous Executive. This system of outrage, this
reign of terror, you seek to extend oyer all the
land.
You charge upon the North an occasional out-
break of disorder, for which the guilty are duly
punished, while your own people violate the laws
of your State and the natural rights of the white
man, condemning him without trial, and inflict-
ing barbarous punishment without judicial judg-
ment and sentence. Some men of South Caiolina
arrested a free white laborer, mobbed him in the
streets of their eity, subjected him to stripes at
the hands of a slave; all in violation of the laws
of the St.ite. You may boast of your chivalry, but
such men are dastards, whom it would be "base
flattery to call cowards." The slave-trader lands
a cargo of merchandise from Africa, and your
juries refuse to punish the pirate. A few months
ago, a woman with a sick child was driven from
a village of Georgia, because she had written to
her friends at the Noith her impressions about
slavery. A whole community, the Bercans, were
exiled from the soil of Kentucky for no crime;
they were only obnoxious in entertaining the
opinions proclaimed by Washington and Jeffer-
son. Are such the men you propose arming to
seize the Capitol and archives? Rest assured,
braver men than they fled from the British in
181i
Mr. CRAWFORD. The gentleman 
Mr. VAN WYCK. The gentleman must ex-
cuse me.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The gentleman has stated
as a fact 
Mr. VAN WYCK. The gentleman-must ex-
cuse 11H1.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I understand the gentle-
man t  state-as a fact, that a woman was driven
from Georgia with a sick child. I desire to say
that I never heard of it before; it is news to me;
and I ijo not believe a word of it.
Mr. VAN WYCK. The gentleman does not
read the papers, then; that is all I have to answer.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Will the gentleman give
the authority for his assertion ?
Mr. VAN WYCIC. I will furnish it some
other time. . •
Mr. CRAWFORD. Then you havo no au-
thority with you.
Mr. BINGHAM. He says ho has it not here.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Your despotism is asgall-
ing upon the whites as the blacks. Slavery must
prescribe what books they shall read. Your pop-
ulation isabouteight million; yet you control their
destinies, and compel their opinions. How many
men from the South on this floor are non-slave-
holders? How many in the Senate, and among the
foreign appointments? Your soil was invaded by
Brown and a few followers, and Virginia is con-
vulsed from center to circumference. In violation
of all law, your citizens were shot down, and you
had a right to feel outraged and indignant. Gov-
ernor Wise headed the Virginia militia; the Fed-
eral Executivesftnt sixteen marines, whocaptured
Brown; about the same number, I believe, Jackson
sent, in 1832, to conquer South Carolina, and place
her inherproperorbitin the political heavens. In-
nocent women and children were murdered in Kan-
sas; her virgin soil was moistened with the blood
of free-State men, and the light of her burning
dwellings flamed against the midnight sky. The
Executive was implored; but Pierce, upon look-
ing through the Constitution, could find no au-
thority to interfere; and the darkest page of our
history was written m blood. A slave gets loose,
and is committing grand larceny by runmngaway
with himself; no necessity for consultation then;
(lie lightning flashes the message to use the land,
and naval force to restore the lleemg fu iti\e, and
the court-house of a free Commonwealth is sur-
rounded by bayonets and chains. Your bonus
in Virginia were invaded; we regret and sympa-
thize with you; but have you 110 regrets or sym-
pathies for the homes, just as sacred as yours, in-
vaded in Africa? Had you tears for the children
that were rendered fatherless and the \vives wid-
owed and driven shelterless, upon the open prairie
in Kansas, by men having no claim to manhood
but the name ?
You reproach the North because, while we con-
demn the crime, wc admire the noble qualities of
manhood which Brown possessed. Your own
Wise did as much; he said he^-v/as " brave, hon-
est, and sincere;" and is it no cause of regret thfft
such noble traits should be wasted in a reckless
enterprise ? You think it impossible that the man
can be separated from the crime. - Do you not
remember, in the darkest hour of the Revolution,
when almost all was lost, but courage and hope,
the young, the braw, and accomplished English
officer descended to the character of a spy, and,
through Arnold's treachery, well-nigh eclipsed
the rising sun of our independence ? Ca.n the mind
conceive a greater crime, not only against Amer-
ica, but freedom and the world> He was arrest-
ed, tried, and executed; and notwithstanding' the
enormity of the offense, Washington and his gen-
erals, and the American people, sympathized
with the heroic bearing and gallant address of the
criminal; they overlooked the spy, and thought
of the grand nobility of his manhood; and, had it
not been for the exigency of the public service,
would gladly have pardoned the offender. And
at this day, 110 American child reads the history
of his country, but drops a tear on the page which
records the fate of Andre.
You ask the men who are born amid the free
institutions of the North, where, repose is given
to their cradled hours ill songs of universal liberty,
whoso limbs "are strengthened by the air from the
bold mountains, and whose hearts are warmed to
all mankind by the lessons of the Revolution and
the teachings of the Saviour, to restrain their anti-
slavery sentiments, and believe, with you, that
slavery is a Divine institution. Never, sir;nevei.
Tlicie is no attribute of the Almighty, no com-
mand of His word, no spirit of His gospel, that
can tolerate such a sentiment. "Ye shall not
respect persons in judgment; ye shall hear the
small as well as the great; ye shall not be afraid
of the face of man," was among the bill of rights
God gave to the Jewish people. "A new com-
mand give I unto you, that ye love one another;
whatsoever ye would that men should do to
you, do ye even so to them," was the great char-
ter for man's guidance, givfii by the Saviour to
both Jew and Gentile; to all the world. A neces-
sary corollary of these great principles led, in
many years, to the enunciation, in the Declaration
of American Independence, thatallmen are created
equal, and that each has an inalienable right to
life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
While you eclipse the mind and dwarf the soul,
you concede to the slave, both in prohibiting to
him all means of knowledge by reading, aifti ad-
mitting him to be subject to the saving power of
the atonement; you say that slavery is a groat
missionary institution, redeeming from heathen-
ism and converting to Christianity; you say that
slaves become Christian men; that the Bible teaches
slavery. Why, then, do you not allow them to
read that Bible, so they may comfort the unful-
filled longings of their souls, by a full realization
that their lot is the will of the Almighty, and
"thus saith the Lord" hath enjoined it.
The distinguished gentleman from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Keitt,] after arrogating to the South
all the glory of arts, and arms, and literature, ac-
quired by the nation, then adds, speaking of the
North: ' °
" Wlirit achievements of arms have illustrated their es-
cutcheons? Kir. jf a northern army should come down to
subjugate the South, it will be the first one in our history
that encamped 011 south rn soil. Will it come now, when
it liu! not come in the trial* of the Revolution? in 1781,
when all the toiee.s of the liritish were gathering upon the
soil ot Virginia, what help had she from the North?"
The gentleman is evidently alarmed at his own
shadow. Sir, it has never been thought or inti-
mated thatweare to subjugate the South. "What
achievementsofarmshave illustrated thcirescutch-
eons?" Has the gentleman forgotten the battle-
fields of the Revolution and the war of 1812? I
will not charge that he willingly seeks to cast an i
imputation on the patriotism and courage of our |
fathers. While I honor the memory of his ttnees- i
tors, I would rescue that of my own from unjust I
aspersions, and hurl back the calumny in the face
of its author. I regret that, m the blindness of
fanaticism, and a reckless sectionality, the distin-
guished gentleman should malign the northern
patriots of the Revolution.
Sir, I will indulge in no unkind remark to wound
the feelings of any man; but the charge must be
met, and history vindicated, let the consequences
fall where and as they may. One other gentle-
man spoke of Massachusetts burning witches in
the ancient times. Does he not know that your
own people burn slaves at the stake, and it seems *
to awaken no horror in your mfnds ?
Mr. DAVIvS, of Mississippi. I pronounce the
gentleman a liar and scoundrel. I pronounce the
gentleman's assertion false—utterly false.
Mr. VAN WYCK. My tims is short, and I
hope not to be interrupted.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. You have no right
to utter such foul and false slanders.
Mr. GARTRELL. I rise to a point of order.
It is that no member upon this floor has a right to
libel the people of any section of this country,
and then deny to the Representatives of that peo-
ple the right t® reply. I pronounce the assertion
made by the gentleman false and unfounded.
[Cries of "Order!" on the Republican side.]
Mr. VAN WYCK. I have heard such words
before, and I am not to be disturbed or interfered
with by any blustering of that sort. I am not
here to libel any part of the Union.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Will you go out-
side of the District of Columbiaand test the ques-
tion of personal courage with any southern man ?
Mr. VAN WYCK. I travel anywhere, and
without fear of anyone. For the first eight weeks
of this session, you stood upon this floor contin-
ually libeling the North and the people of the free
States, charging them with treason, and all man-
ner of erimcs, and now you are thrown into great
rage when I tell you a few facts.
Mr. DAVIS,ofMississippi. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York cannot be interrupted','except by a point of
order; and the Chair appeals to gentlemen of the
committee not to violate thcyules of the House.
The Chair trusts they will not do so.
Mr. DAVIS, ofMississippi. I shall observe
them, sir, if others do; but I certainly will not
permit southern people to be slandered.
Mr. VAN WYCK. If gentlemen are so sen-
sitive in regard to their own feelings, I ask them
to be as sensitive also to the feelings of others. If
they were, we would not have had such whole-
sale denunciations of the people of the North as
we had during the first eight weeks of this ses-
sion.
Massachusetts has able sons to defend her reputa-
tion; butl do know she was first to light the flames
of the Revolution; and I believe she will be the last
to desert the watch-fires of the Union. The elo-
quent gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Boteler,]
m his endeavor to fasten an unkind imputation
on the North, m my judgment misconceived his-
tory when he said Virginia, in 1775, sent succor
to Massachusetts. There was no narrow section-
alism in those days. When tho militia of his
native county marched to Massachusetts', it was
to fight tho battles of Virginia; it was to vindicate
the rights, and strike down the enemies of Vir-
ginia. The battle for your rights, gentlemen, was
fought on northern soil; your homes, for a long
while, were untouched by the foreign invader; for
many years your buildings were left free from the
torch of the Hessian incendiaries; your women
from i#dignities, and your helpless children from
a cruel death. All this was sustained in the North;
her commerce dismantled; her fields laid waste;
her towns and villages sacked and burned, her un-
offending children and women massacred. Gould
the men of the South do less than rush to the aid
of their own cause by succoring Massachusetts ?
The impulse of freedom was equally strong in
Virginia and Massachusetts; it was the cause of
the United Colonies; but Massachusetts then, as
now, for her hatred of tyranny, was specially des-
ignated as the victim, and led the van m freedom 'a
army. Your fathers were not the men to repose
in listless inactivity; and, having no enemy at
home to fight, they were willing to spill their blood
and lay their bones 011 the cold hills sf the North.
Lethim be anathema, maranatha, who is not will-
ing to do justice to you and them.
