12
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
to the Senate? I am for inquiring into both; I
am for the original proposition, and I am for the
amendment.
Mr. BROWN. Air. President, I do not rise
for the purpose of going into any part of this gen-
eral debate, but I beg for a moment the attention
of the Senator from Massachusetts who just now
occupied the floor. I have seen a newspaper state-
ment to the effect that a meeting was held at
Natick, in the State of Massachusetts, which, I
believe, is the home of the honorable Senator, on
the 20th of last month, at which this resolution
was passed:
" Whereas, resistance to tyrants is obedience to God:
Therefore,
" Resolved, That it is the right and duty of the slaves to
resist their masters, and the right and duty of the people
of the North to incite them to resistance, and to aid them
in it."
This resolution, I understand, was passed at
a very huge meeting of the immediate friends,
neighbors, and constituents of the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, and he was personally
present at that meeting. I desire to ask him
whether it is true that he was present at the
meeting, and if so, whether he resisted, either by
his advice, or in any other mode, the passage of
the resolution ? If it suits the Senator, I will take
his answer now.
Mr. WILSON." When the Senator closes his
remarks I will explain the matter, or I will do it
now.
Mr. BROWN. I will take the answer now.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I will send to
the Chair a copy of the Boston Journal, which
contains a letter written by a gentleman in the
town where I reside, m regard to that meeting;
and it explains the whole matter.
Mr, BROWN. Very well.
The Clerk read the letter referred to, as fol-
lows:
Natick, December
To the Editor of the Boston Journal: Yom paper of Fri-
day contains an article from a j-outhern papei, alluding to
a meeting in this town, which \v<u< adduced by H. O.
Wright., and attended hy Senator Wilson, and at which was
rasscd a resolution in favor ot inciting slaves to resistance.
t is due to General Wilson that the facts should be correctly
stated, and with your permission 1 will do so.
The meeting was not properly a meeting of the citizens
of Natick, called for the purpose of expressing their opin-
ions, but was notified in the usual manner of meetings
called by itinerant lecturers who wish to tpcak to the peo-
ple. These meetings are quite common, and are attended
by all classes ot men—friends, opponents, and the indiffer-
ent, who usually go and hear in silence, and let the iccturcr
have his say unmolested.
At the meeting refeired to, Mr. Wright offered a resolu-
tion to the effect, " that resistance to tyrants is obedience to
God," and, therefore, the slaves should be incited to icsNt
their masters. He spoke an hourand forty minutes, and ex-
plained the meaning ot his resolution to "be, not armed and
forcible resistance, but resistance by moral, religious, m cial,
and commercial means, to make slavery unpopular and un-
profitable. Iiut very lew voted on the resolution, and no
one spoke but Mr. Wright.
As General Wilson had addressed a large meeting in the
same place, only a few evenings before, and had given his
views at length, and with much expheitness, condemning
the action or John Brown in the strongestmanner, he prob-
ably did not d^em it necessaiy to depart from his usual cus-
tom of listening in a quiet way, and let those who lured
the hall do as they pleased, and take the icsponsibihty.
The resolution ol Mr. Wright, as interpreted by him, con-
tained nothing but a simple expression of opposition to sla-
very by all proper and legitimate means; but it was artfully
drawn by Mr. Wright, so ass to convcyto those who did not
hear his explanations a meaning of a different character—
doubtless with a view of increasing the alarm and excite-
ment now prevailing in the South. Whatever may be the
*ms of General Wilson in the matter of slavery, it is not
true that he has approved the act of Brown, either in public
or in private, but hasunitormly deploredandcoudemnedit.
Yours, M.
Mr. WILSON. It is not my purpose to detain
the Senate by making personal explanations. 1
have sent to the Clerk this statement, which was
written by a citizen of my town on the reccipt of
this intelligence, which was received after I had
left my home. The facts, as suited there, are
correctly stated. During the canvas m New York,
I spent two weeks there and addressed tens of
thousands of people, and my speeches were re-
ported in full two or three times. In those speeches
J expressed my views in regard to this raid of
John jjrown at Harper's Ferry fully and expli-
citly. I returned to my home on the day preced-
ing; the election in myState,and I addressed a very
largo meeting of the citizens of my town for two
hours on general political topics, and fully on this
matter m regard to the Harper's Ferry affair. At
that time, I intended to write out that part of my
speech for publication, but other affairs intervened.
It was full and explicit; the substance of it had
been published in the press of the country and
scattered abroad. In the town where I live, we
have more than a thousand voters. We have
some ten or twenty men who are radical Aboli-
tionists. Some of them were present; they did
not interrupt me or the meeting. When the meet-
ing was through, they said to their neighbors and
friends, and some of them came to me and said,
that they disagreed with me entirely, and would
have somebody there to put the other side of the
question. A short time afterwards, Mr. Henry
C. Wright, a Garrison Abolitionist, who is a pro-
fessed disunionist, a no-government man5>a non-
resistant, came to speak in my town. The popu-
lation of the place went to hear him and crowded
the hall. Most of the active Democrats in the
town were present. The postmaster was present
and sat close by me. The resolutions were offered
by Mr. Wright, and he made a non-resistant
speech in favor of resistance. [Laughter.] He
went on to explain how the thing could be done.
He said he would not shed a drop of human blood
to free every slave in the country.
After he closed his speech the question was put,
and perhaps fifteen or twenty persons in that meet-
ing of seven or eight hundred voted for the reso-
lution. All the rest, feeling that Mr. Wright's
friends had paid for the hall and got up the meet-
ing for him and for themselves, took no part for
or against him. They did not interrupt the meet-
ing, believing as they did, and as we do in our
part of the country, in the absolute right of free
discussion of all questions. When the meeting
adjourned, the general expression was that the
resolution was a very foolish one, and for which
Mr. Wright and his friends were alone, responsi-
ble. Nine tenths of that meeting took no part in
it. They did not wish to interrupt the meeting
or interfere with it in any way whatever or be
responsible for it. There were present gentle-
men as sound on the slavery question as the Sen-
ator from Mississippi could desire. The post-
master of that town is as sound on the slavery
question as the Senator from Mississippi, and
often manifests his zeal in defense of the policy
of the slave power; but he did not say a word,
nor did those who act with him, because nobody
wished to interfere with those who had invited the
speaker there, and who agreed with him in his
general opinions. Senators should remember that
the right to hold meetings and to utter opinions
upon all matters of public concern is an acknowl-
edged right in my section of the country. They
should remember, also, that the people in that sec-
tion often attend meetingswhere subjects are dis-
cussed ma way they do not sanction'; but they do
not think it becomes gentlemen to interrupt such
meetings, or interfere with those who differ from
them. Often do I attend such meetings and listen
to what is said, without feeling myself in any
way responsible for what is said or done. So do
the people of myState; I wish the people of other
sections of the country would thus chcrish the
sacred right of free discussion.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I thought it
due to the Senator from Massachusetts, seeing
this resolution put forth in the way it has been—
in a way certainly to produce the impression
everywhere that, if he did not sympathize with
the speaker, he at least approved of the resolution
—to call his attention to it. I am very glad to
hear his explanation; and, understanding him to
say distinctly that he does not approve the reso-
lution, of course I do not intend to prosecute the
inquiry any further.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, I do not propose
to speak, as other Senators have done, of the po-
litical or partisan aspect of the transaction speci-
fied in the resolution of the Senator from Virginia;
but I propose to suite the reasons why I shall
vote against the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Illinois. In the first place, the trans-
actions mentioned in that amendment are in no
wise germane to that mentioned in the original
resolution. They have no connection with it.
The -investigation of these matters can serve no
purpose but to distract the mind of the commit-
tee and to distract the mind of those who shall
read the report of the committee hereafter.
In the next place, sir, whatever was not of suf-
ficient importance to be investigated at the time
when it occurred, is not worth investigation after
an interval of five years. I heard the Senator
from Illinois say that we examined nothing on
the subject of Kansas. My God! sir, what have
we been examining for four years, but the affairs
of Kansas ? We have had five or six reports from
our standing Committee on Territories—major-
ity and minority reports; we have debated hours
and days and weeks and months*, we have heard
all this—heard it ten thousand times; and, as for
all these fables that are told about Kansas, I say
now, as I have said a hundred times, there is but
a grain of truth m a bushel of chaff. The House
of Representatives sent a committee to Kansas.
The Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Clark]
read from their report. He says that committee
took testimony; that they made a report. Then,
why do we want more testimony and more re-
ports? I say the amendment can serve no pur-
pose except to confuse the investigation for which
the Senator from Virginia has asked.
Now, sir, one of the States of this Union has
been invaded from abroad;it is not the case of an
insurrection in her own midst; not the act of her
own citizens, for I would never lay my hands on
any State in this Union, unless to protect her
against domestic violence, according to the re-
quirements of the Constitution; but when she is
invaded from other States and from Provinces of
a foreign Power, she has a right to lay her case
before her sister States in the Confederacy, and
Virginia has done it by her Senators. She asks
us to look into her affairs, to vindicate her out-
raged sovereignty; and while Senators say they
are willing to give her the investigation, they
must clogit with this eternal clang on the subject
of Kansas. While I do not presume to speak of
the motives of individuals, I say the necessary and
inevitable consequence of attaching the amend-
ment is to bring the investigation into contempt
and to shower contempt on Virginia, when she
asks her sister States to inquire into the outrage
committed upon her.
I have another reason why I shall vote against
the amendment. If the object of the Senatorfrom
Virginia is merely to prepare a statement to be
read by the public, I should think his resolution
amounted to very little, because we have in some
form, more or less authentic, road a vast deal on
the subject of the affair at Harper's Ferry; but
I propose, so far as I am concerned, in voting for
the original resolution, that the Senate shall have
in some definite form, as one branch of the Legis-
lature of the Union, such facts and circumstances
as will enable us to inquire whether, under the
Constitution of the United States, we can prevent
occurrences like this hereafter. I heard the Sen-
ator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] express a doubt
on that point; I have none. I have no doubt of
the power and of the duty of Congress to protect
every State of this Confederacy against a conspi-
racy in another State to incite her population,
white or black, to insurrection. I have no doubt
the power is given in the Constitution. If it were
not given, the Constitution ought to be amended,
and we ought to begin to set on foot that amend-
ment. It is, therefore, with a view to legislative
action, if that may be necessary; and we had
better take warning from the abortive attempt of
John Brown instead of waiting for some more
serious attempt.
Besides, sir, have we not here many times voted
to indemnify States of this Union for expenses
incurred to defend themselves against invasion ?
Have we not paid Florida and Tpxas, and other
States, for calling out their troops to put down
insurrection of the Indian tribes ? Did we not
pay Massachusetts last session for the service and
expenses of defending herself? For my part, I
am ready to make good to the State of Virginia
the expenses of putting down this invasion and
this outrage committed on her. I think she is
entitled to our protection. I go into no question
of the rightfulness or wrongfulness of African
slavery. She has a right to establish it if she
pleases; and she has a right to call on us to pro-
tect her against intermeddlers with it.
Mr. WADE. 1 wish to ask my colleague
whether the General Government did not interfere
in this very matter, and suppress the insurrection ?
Mr. PUGH. They interfered so far as to pro-
tect the property of the Government itself.
Mr. WAbE. But did they not put down this
insurrection ?
Mr. PQGH. They drove the insurgents off the
Armory grounds, as I understand.
