1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
197?
hand there is, on one of the most convenient prod-
ucts for raising revenue, in which Louisiana is
interested, an absolute diminution of duty pro-
posed, exceeding twenty per cent, on the present
rate of duty. Ctuttiinly, if we need an increase of
revenue, and gentlemen arc serious in desiring to
raise it fairly, the amendments I have proposed
should be adopted. I have nothing more to say.
Mr. MORRILL. The States of Vermont and
Louisiana are represented as the only two sugar
producing States in the country; and if any gen-
tlemen here are specially interested in the subject
of sugar, the gentleman [Mr. Taylor] and I cer-
tainly are. Vermont and Louisiana are the only
States that produce more sugar than they con-
sume; and if the people of Louisiana will only
make as good sugar as we do, they will get a
better price for it, and will have no need of hav-
ing additional duty imposed. If we proposed
duty on tea and coffee, the proposition would not
be defensible; and sugar almost comes into the
same category. But I am unwilling yet to give
up the hope that we can produce sugar in this
country; and I do believe that even the small
quantity produced in Louisiana has a material
effect on the prices of sugar which we obtain from
Cuba. The duty on imported sugar is one cent a
pound. 1 hold in my hand a table showing that
one cent per pound is about the average rate of
the ad valorem duty of twenty-four percent. That
we considered sufficient on an article like sugar,
which is consumed to a larger extent per capita
in this country than in any other country in the
world. In 1856, we raised a little over $10,000,000
of revenue upon this article; and in 1857, $12,784,-
381. That year, it is true, the duty was 1.6 cent
a pound. But that was a useless and onerous
duty, it was a duty imposed at a time when no
sugar crop was produced in Louisiana; and yet
the people of this country were compelled to pay
that useless tax on this article of immense con-
sumption. I hope, therefore, the amendment will
not be agreed to.
The question was taken on Mr. Taylor's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. MILLSON. X move to amend the first
clause of the fifth section of the bill, by striking
out in the tenth line the words "one cent per
pound," and inserting in lieu thereof the words
"twenty-four per cent, ad valorem;" so that it
will read:
On raw sugar, commonly called Muscovado, or brown
sugar, not advanced beyond its raw state by claying, boil-
ing, clarifying, or other process, twenty-four per cent, ad
valorem.
If this reduction, or supposed reduction, was
connected with any general proposition to reduce
the imposts. I should have very little disposition
to object to it. But, sir, believing that the exist-
ing tariff law is one which will meet all the exi-
gencies of the Government, 1 am not willing now
to alter it. For that reason I propose to reinstate
in the present bill the rate of taxation imposed by
the act of lt>57. It is a little significant, Mr. Chair-
man, that while gentlemen advocate these inter-
ests, which are misnamed protected interests, and
are desirous of increasing the imposts upon those
articles which are supposed to be necessary to be
protected, they are not unwilling to claim a re-
duction of duty upon those articles which enter
into the general consumption of their own people.
Theyunderstand the subject perfectly well. They
are not misled by—I was about to say this phi-
losophy, but it is not even a plausible theory, that
the imposition of duties does not increase the
market price of the commodity. "When they want
cheap goods, they reduce the tax; when the man-
ufacturers want their raw material cheap, they
put them on the free list. They are not carried
away by the strange infatuation which seemed
to possess the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Mayn.yrd] and the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Stanton1,] who spoke this morning, that the best
way to cheapen the price of an article is to bear
it down with taxation.
Now, let it be understood that these gentlemen
propose to dimmish the revenues of the Govern-
ment by reducing the duty on brown sugar to the
extent of mote than $1,000,000. I have here a
calculation, by which I show that, under the pres-
ent rate of duty, the revenues derived from brown
sugar alone, under the law as it now stands, with
the importations of last year, amount to £7,313,000,
while, with the same amount of importations,
the reyenue from the same article, with a specific
duty of one cent per pound, would be reduced to
$6,542,000. Now, sir, we cannot afford, in the
present emergency, to reduce the tariff. We want
the money. 1 say, adopting the argument of gen-
tlemen on the other side, we want more money,
and we cannot afford to diminish our revenues by
the reduction of the duties on brown sugar to the
amount of more than $1,000,000. I will go with
gentlemen in reducing the duty on sugar, for I de-
sire to give that no special protection; if they will
abandon the system of protection; but while the
protection is increased in respect to other articles,
I cannot consent that we shall lose the revenues
of the Government to the amount of $1,200,000
upon the article of brown sugar.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Millson
was not agreed to.
Mr, PETTIT. I propose to offer an amend-
ment to this section. I move to strike out all that
portion of the section fixing the duty on sugars,
molasses, &c., and to insert in lieu thereof that
all such articles shall be admitted free of duty.
Mr. Chairman, it has already been intimated,
by the gentleman from Vermont, that at least some
question remains as to the propriety of imposing
any duty whatever upon this necessary article of
sugar. It is a well known fact that the sugar-
growing regions of this country could not, under
any circumstances, produce enough to meet the
demand in our own country. For that reason
the argument in favor of protection fails, not to
add the stronger reason that these articles, from
the nni rersa'lity of their use, have become of prime
necessity, and should be classed with articles, like
tea and coffee, excepted from duty; that the im-
mediate and temporary burden, which is neces-
sary to afford protection while the production of
the article is being encouraged and established,
will at length be returned to the duty payer and
the consumer, by the advantages of a cheaper ar-
ticle afterwards; so that, in the long run, the pay-
ment of such a duty will be no loss. But expe-
rience has shown that the production of these
articles is, from the necessity of the case, very
limited, and can never equal the home want, and
that we must always depend, more or less, on a
foreign supply; so that here no amount of pro-
tection will ever reach that point of cheap prices
that will give back benefits equal to the large bur-
den of duty now imposed, amounting to many
millions of dollars.
Mr. HOARD. I am opposed to the amendment
of the gentleman from Indiana. I listened this
morning with a good deal of interest to the argu-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Staktont,]
and I discovered from his,speech that the impo-
sition of a duty upon an article does not have a
tendency to raise the price of the article. 1 am
opposed to the amendment, in the second place,
because I learned this morning, also, from the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Millson,] that
we last year derived a revenue from the article of j
brown sugar alone of some seven million dollars, I
and all this done, according to the gentleman from '
Ohio, without imposing any additional burden !
upon the consumer. It is a strange idea to me, :
that the gentleman from Indiana should wish to i
deprive the Government of $7,000,000 of its rev- j
enue without any corresponding advantage to the ,
consumers of the article from which it has been ♦
received. And, sir, that ends my argument in j
opposition to the amendment of the gentleman j
from Indiana. [Laughter.] j
Mi. Pettit's amendmentwas not agreed to. !
Mr. MILLSON. I n>ove to amend by striking j
out the clause providing for a specific duty on j
brown sugar,and inserting " twenty-four per cent, i
ad valoremJ
Mr Chairman, I propose to fix the duty upon i
this article at twenty-four per cent., because that j
is the duty fixed by the law of 1857, and 1 do so j
because 1 agree with the gentleman from Indiana i
m the statement he has made. This is not a pro- j
tective duty; and I take the gentleman from Indi- ;
ana upon the statement he has made, that bccause j
of the fact which he announced, that the capacity ;
of the United States is not groat enough to supply j
the demands of the people for sugar and molasses, j
therefore, we do not want a duty for the purpose j
of protection. This merchandise must be import- j
ed; and bccause it must be imported, the operation j
of the tax I propose is not to protect the sugar j
grower of Louisiana, except incidentally and to a I
very small extent, but is purely and simply for
the ptypose of revenue.
Mr. HOARD. I would ask the gentleiwm from
Virginia, whether the importation will have the
effect of raising the price of sugar?
Mr. MILLSON. Undoubtedly it would have
the effect of raising the price of the article. There
is no doubt about it. The importation duty must
unquestionably raise the price of the articlc ^hich
pays the duty, but it does not necessarily follow
that the assessment of a tax increases the price in
all cases; because the effect may be to exclude the
importation of the article altogether, and in that
instance you will only have the home valuation
of the article. I take it for granted that any arti-
cle Y^iich pays a duty must have that duty re-
funded by the purchaser, or the importer loses
upon his venture.
But, Mr. Chairman,gentlemen propose at this
moment, when wc are seeking ways and means
of replenishing the Treasury, to reduce the duty
upon these articles to an extent that will effect a re-
duction and loss of revenue to the Government of
more than a million dollars. The only article in
this list of sugars, &c., upon which the bill of the
Committee of Ways and Means proposes to in-
crease the duty, is the article of sugar candy. They
propose to give protection to the candy makers, I
believe. In the proposed imposition of duties,
the duty both on sugar and molasses is dimin-
ished. We cannot afford it. I am opposed to the
system of protection, whether the party interested
be the sugar grower of Louisiana, the manufac-
turer of New England, or the iron master of
Pennsylvania; but, sir, I do desire to protect the
people of this country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOARD. 1 desire to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Mill-
son.] He says that the increase of the tariff will
increase the cost to the consumer. I learn from
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] this
morning, that any policy which increases the cost
ofan article to the consumer was unjust and ought
not to be submitted to. I therefore oppose this
amendment.
Mr. Millson's amendmentwas disagreed to.
The Clerk read the following words of the bill:
On rlaret, TeneritTe, Siciiv, and Canary wines, in casks
or bottles, thirty cents per gallon.
Mr. MORRILL. After the word "claret" I
move to insert "Marseilles," and after the word
"Canary," the words "and Malaga." It is a
necessary correction of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MILLSON. I move to amend the pro-
vision for adyty of one dollar a gallon on brandy,
by providing that the duty shall he fifty per cent.
ad valorem.
Mr. Chairman, I have not in this proposed a
rate of duty which will be found in the tariff of
1857. The present rate of duty is thirty per ccnt
I always thought that the reduction from one hun-
dred per cent, to thirty per cent, was too sudden
and too great. I therefore propose fifty per cent
instead of thirty per ccnt. I think that there are
very few articles of merchandise which ought to bo
called upon to bear a heavier rate of taxation than
fifty per cent. I am aware that this is an article of
luxury. It does not come within the purview of
the motives which induce gentlemen on the other
side to desire the passage of this bill. It is not a
protective interest; but the duty proposed will
tend to dimmish importation, and thus to reduce
the revenue. It is proposed, by the present bill,
to increase the duty between two and three hun-
dred per cent, upon the existing duty. The rev-
enue raised from brandy last year was $978,000.
Under the operation of this bill,it would be nearly
§3,000,000. Imposing a duty of one dollar a gal-
lon would raise revenue upon brandy alone of
more than $2,500,000. Believing tha't fifty per
cent, is the rate of duty that ought to be imposed
upon brandies and wines, and such like articles,
I have accordingly submitted my amendment.
It would seem that the Committee of Ways and
Means propose in this part of the bill to make up
the deficiencies for the losses upon sugar. The
proposed increase of revenue from wines and
brandies, and spirits of all sorts, is enormous. I
do not know how far it will affect the importation,
but if the same quantity be imported that has
been, the increase will be enormous. I propose,
