1978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
as a financial measuie, and without any reference
to subjects which excite the sensibilities of gen-
tlemen^n the other side who belong to tlte pro-
tective party, that fifty per cent, ad valorem be
substituted for the duty provided in the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Chairman, the article
of brandy is one, above all others, upon which
there should be a specific duty. The duty pro.-
poscd by the gentleman from Virginia, of fifty per
cent, ad valorem, will not prevent the abuses which
have grown up under the law of 1857. I have
before me the table of importations, and I. find
that the average value per gallon of the brandy
imported into this country is about §1 28. It is
well known that every gallon of pure brandy in
France, from whence we import most o£it, is
worth between $5 and $6 a gallon. The article
imported into this country under the name of
brandy is a spirit not manufactured from the
grape, but from corn whisky originally produced
in this country. The average cost is $1 2Sagal-
lon. It seems to me that upon this liquor, winch
poisons a great many people in this country, we
ought to levy a high duty; and I think that aduty
of $1 a gallon is not too high. The incidental
effect of a high specific duty upon brandy will be
that none but the best article will be imported. If
good brandy be imported, costing $4 or $5 a gal-
lon, it will pay the same duty only that is im-
posed upon the article worth $1 28. There will,
therefore, be an encouragement to the importation
of-the best article. The effect of the amendment
of the gentleman from Virginia would be to bt ing
into this country the inferior article. I hope the
amendment will not prevail.
Mr. Millson's amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read, as follows:
First. On brandy, for fir^t pioef, one dollar per gallon;
on other spirits manufactured or distilled 1'iomg) am, torfii-t
pioot, forty cents per gallon ; on spirits liotn other material-,
for fireproof, forty ccnth per gallon ; on cord sab and Ihjuom
of all kinds, fifty cents per pallon; on anar-k, ab-jntlie,
kirschemvass< r, ratafia, and other sumlai >pirituous bavrr-
agoss not otherwise piovided lor, fifty cents per gallon.
Mr. JENKINS. I move in the last line of that
provision to strike out "fifty cents," and to in-
sert, in lieu thereof, " one dollar."
Mr. Chairman, I intend to vote against the
whole bill, but my amendment has for its purpose
to make the bill agreeable to the other side, who
will vote for it. It seems to me, the reduction of
duties upon luxuiies proceeds upon an entirely
mistaken view of what should he the policy of this
Government in raising revenue. The tariff of 1857
made a reduction of some seventy per cent, on
these ai ticlos. I think that the true policy of this
Government should be to impose duties for ieve-
nne, so fur as possible, upon the pioperty of the
country. In our States, if a man b« worth $1,000
of property, he pays <i (ertam amount: but if he
be worth §100,000, he pays a hundred times that
amount. By reducing the duties upon luxuries,
and increasing them upon necessaries, you throw
the whole burden of supporting this Government
upon the laboring men 1 propose to increase the
duties upon luxuries, and to diminish them upon
articles of necessity.
The amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read, as follows:
On ale, poitei, and [jeer, in bottles, twenty-five cents
per gallon.
Mr. MILLSON. J move that instead of twenty-
five (ems a gallon, the duty on ale, porter, and
beer in bottle* shall be thirtypercent. ad valorem.
Air. Chanmau, I uhk why it is proposed to in-
crease the duty to so great an extent uii beer, ale,
nnd porter in bottles, while it is proposed to re-
duce the duty on ale, beer, and porter in casks?
Why is it that it is pioposed to increase one rate
of duty aboutone hundred per cent., and to reduce
the other rate about fifty per cent. ?
Mr. MORRILL. I think the gentleman will
find himself mistaken in his facts. As I under-
stand it, porter, beer, and ale, m casks, is much
inferior m quality to \\mt which is imported in
bottles.
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman will find that
the duty in one ease is twenty-five ccnts, and in
the other fifteen ccnts; that aduty of twenty-five
cents would increase the revenue from $125,000
to $259,000: while m the other case the rewnuc
would be diminished from §33,000 to $20,000.
Mr. MORRILL. I presume thegentleman has
misread the bili On beer, ale, and porter in bot-
tles, it is twenty-five ccnts per gallon, and when
imported in casks it is fifteen cents per gallon.
This is according to quality, and the duty is
slightly raised in either case.
Mr. Millson's amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HUGHES. I move to amend line thirty-
seven, page 6, by striking out "ten" and in-
serting " thirty;" so that the clause will read:
On cigars of all kind?, fifty cente per pound; and in
addition thereto, thirty per cent, ad valorem.
That is the amount of the present duty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUGHES. I move to amend line thirty-
eight, page 7, by striking out " twenty" and
inserting "twenty-four;" so that the clause will
read:
On unmanufactured tobacco, in leaf, twenty-four per
cent, ad valorem..
That is the present rate of duty.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman from Maryland that this rate of duty was
fixed upon with special reference to the interest
of Maryland, more than for any other reason,
where the manufacture of cigars is carried on to
a considerable extent. It is designed to admit a
certain class of tobacco for the outside of cigars.
We produce a quality of tobacco which is fitted
for the filling of cigars, but for wrappers we need
a different article—an article grown in Cuba, which
is of superior quality. If we allow that article to
be imported, we can manufacture the cigars here
instead of importing them from Cuba.
Mr. HUGHES. I think we had better con-
tinue the present duty. We arc now producing
a better article of tobacco in every part of the Uni-
ted States than we have in years past. There is
now less resort to imported tobacco for wrappers
than heretofore, because we have gone into the
production of that better article.
As the gentleman says he had special reference
to the interest of Maryland, I prefer to let the
duty remain as it is now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would, state to the gen-
tleman a fact as to the rate of duty upon snuff.
About one hundred and fifty percent, ad valorem
is proposed by the gentleman from Maryland
upon snuff.
•The question was taken upon Mr. Huciies's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. MILLSON". I move to amend the same
clause by stiiking out " fifty cents perpound"as
the duty upon cigars, and inserting in lieu thereof
the words " thirty per cent, ad valorem."
There are some particulars of this bill to which
Idesne to have the attention of the committee
called before they vote upon them. I remember
that, some three or four years ago, a very pa-
thetic appeal was made to Congress by the cigar
manufacturers of the United States. They claimed
protection, and complained that their interests
were entirely neglected by the Federal legislation,
and claiming that they were as much entitled to
the favorable consideration of the American Con-
gress as any other bianch of American industry.
; Now, Mr, I confess I do not sympathize much
with this complaint, or with any complaints of that
character. But it is to me specially strange that
those gentlemen who framed this bill with a vi< w
to give protection to American industry, should
have taken away from these manufacturers of
cigars the little protection which they said had
been afforded to them by the former tariff bill,
and should propose to reduce the revenue derived
from the duty upon cigars more than fifty per
cent. Last year we derived a revenue upon that
aiticlc of $1,374,000. Under the present bill the
duty would only amount to $622,000—less than
| one half. Now why is this ? I have said before
| that I feel no special sympathy with these pro-
f tective classes: least of all, perhaps, with theman-
, ufacturers of cigars. I am not myself addicted to
the practice of smoking, and I am inclined very
much to think of smoking as did Dr. Johnson,
who said, m reference to smoking, that "it was
a fashion of puffing smoke in other men's faces,
and having it puffed into your face in return."
But still we want the revenue. Why lose nearly
seven hundred thousand dollars from this reve-
nue ? Our people will have cigars, and their use
is a growing evil. I say nothing of the use of
tobacco in any other form, and I hope I shall not
be questioned upon that subject, [laughter;] but
I will have nothing to do with snuff As the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] has spoken of
the increase of the duty upon snuff to one huri-
died and fifty per cent., he will permit me to re-
mind him that the whole importation of snuff is
insignificant, not amounting to more than $5,000
a year. Wc are not therefore very much indebted
to the liberality of gentlemen upon that side of
the House for protection to the interests of the
agriculture of Virginia. But why is this great
reduction proposed in the duty upon cigars?
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to put an inquiry to
the gentleman from Virginia. 1 desire to know
of him how he arrives at the fact that this bill will
effect a reduction of duties on the article? Does
he know how much a thousand cigars will weigh ?
Mr. MILLSON. Considering the locality which
my friend from Vermont represents, perhaps I
have no right to object that he has chosen to an-
swer my question by a mode peculiar to his own
region, by asking another. If the gentleman will
answer my question, I shall be ready to reply to
him.
Mr. MORRILL. Well, then, I must proceed
upon the presumption that the gentleman is not
in possession of any facts which will enable him
to verify the statement which he has made. I
presume that he is indebted to some person out-
side for the estimate, and not to his own investi-
gation. Now tlio fact is, as I understand it, that
a very large proportion of the cigars consumed in
this country arc imported from Germany. They
are imported at a price lower than thev can be even
manufactured at here. They are brought here for
two or three dollars a thousand. It is that class
of cigars that it is designed to exclude, or at least
to diminish the importation of, so as to enable our
own manufacturers to supply the market with a
much superior article. A duty of 50 cents per
pound imposed on these- cigars, and 10 per cent,
added to that will amount to 100 per cent, on them.
Then, m regard to the other cigars brought here
from Havana and elsewhere. What are the facts ?
Why, that cigars which are worth from forty
to fifty dollars per thousand, are invoiced at a
much less price, and are brought in under the ad
valorem system at less than twenty dollars per
thousand. On these cigars, my own opinion is,
that the proposed bill will collect as much revenue
as is collected und< r the present tariff. I think
that the gentleman from Virginia is entirely mis-
taken in what he says.
Mr. Mii i.sox'k amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I propose to amend by strik-
ing out from the seventh section so much as re-
lates to the duty on iron, and inserting in lieu
thereof twenty-live percent, ad valorem.
The argument used, and most strongly urged,
why we ought to substitute specific for ad valorem
duties is, that under the ad valorem system fiauds
on the revenue are committed by means of false
invoices. Now, sir, that argument cannot hold
good with respect to iron, for two reasons. In
the first place, the price of iron is so well known
everywhere, that there can be no such thing as
passing false invoices through any custom-house
in the country. I believe that there is no case to
be found where an effort has been made to palm
off a false invoice in respect to iron. However
much fiauds may have been practiced, or charged,
or suspected, in regaid to the importation of other
articles, in no single ease has it ever been charged
that a false invoice in regard to iron has been at-
tempted to he passed through a custom-house
Such I understand and believe to be the fact; and
that being so, the argument falls to the ground so
far as iron is concerned. I hope, therefore, that ad
valorem duties will be substituted for specific.
Mr. STANTON. I apprehend that the gentle-
man from Alabama is mistaken m supposing that
the argument of frauds or undervaluation is the
only, or in reality the chief, argument in favor of
specific over ad valorem duties. That argument may
not he applicable to iron, for aught I know; but I
understand the argument in favor of specific over
ad valorem duties to be this, so faras revenue is con-
cerned: that,atatime of general prosperity, when
prices are high and importations are extravagant,
the amount of revenue increases when it is least
needed; whereas in a time'of financial disorder
and ombairassnient, when prices arc low and the
amount of importation diminished, the revenue
falls off from this double cause, and the wants of
the Treasury arc not supplied. But that is not all.
So far as the erf valorem system operates as a pro-
