THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
eight^en-per cent.
imports .of the last five years you could not get
445,000,000. He said there would be $268,000,000
<jf__—
Mr. TOOMBS. The statement was that we
Should not get $40,000,008. -
Mr. SIMMOJNS. Forty-two million, dollars.
Mr. TOOMBS. Thirty-eight million dollars
was the amount, but I will not be positive about it.
, Mr. SIMMONS. I have said that there were
§36,000,000 from what was imported, and that
there would be eight or ten million more.
Mr. TOOMBS. The next year. '
Mr. SIMMONS. You stated that I said I
would make a basis. I cannot tell how much will
be imported in a year; but my ground in the out-
set was that this tariff would not pay over four-
teen per cent.1, and the Secretary of the Treasury
said it would yield nineteen. That was the ground
in tlie outset. The Senator said that I made a
calculation, and made a mistake of about eight
million dollars. I have not said anything about
it. He said he would stake his reputation that it
would give $50,000,000 on the original estimate.
I asked him if he supposed it would bring more
than the five last years. He said he knew we
would get into debt by it. That was the issue
between us.
Mr. TOOMBS. It brought $40,000,000.
Mr. SIMMONS. Three hundred and forty
million of imports last year, which made forty-
nine million. I ciphered it up, and it is not over
fourteen per cent. I do not very often make a
mistake in the rates of duty. I do not pretend to
toll what the irffports will be; but I go back to see
what we have imported, and then base my calcu-
lation upon rates paid for a series of years that
has gone before. The Senator never heard me say
that we will import ^400,000,000 or j;500,000,000.
I do not venture an opinion upon that; but upon
such a fixed data of importation I state what I
believe the revenue will be; and that is what I
said then.
The Senator says that I charged this Adminis-
tration with profligacy. I did not say any such
thing, 1 would not hesitate, if I was called upon,
to say what I thought about it; but I do not choose
always to say what I think about an Administra-
tion.
The Senator says the Republican party is re-
sponsible for tliis. I should like to know if the
Administration is not responsible, unless we ex-
ceed the estimates. I should like to know if we
have exceeded their estimates. Did not the first
message that came in herefrom the President and
Secretary of War ask us for an increase of the
Army by the addition of five regiments, which
would add $5,000,000 to the yearly expenditures ?
Did not the Committee on Military Affairs report
that proposition, or something like it? If we had
passed what the Administration asked us to pass,
the Government would be $15,000,000 more in debt
on that account to day. They asked §30,000,000
to get Cuba; but I do not count that. They asked
for a permanent increase of the Army by five regi-
ments; and when they could not get that, they
finally managed to obtain another kind of outside
regiment, costing eight or nine, hundred thousand
dollars. Did we vote for it ? Did we vote for that
increase of five regiments to the Army? There
was but one single member on the Republican
side who voted for it. The Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Hale] reminds me of the re-
proof he gave of such an extravagant vote ; but
no matter about that.
Now the Senator goes on to say that we refuse
to raise the postage, and that is another profligate
vote. I stated the other day, and I can demonstrate
it to him anywhere but in the Chamber, where he
would hate to withdraw any opinion he had given,
that we paid more money, man for man, under
the present rate, than we ever did under any rate
of postage in this country; and if you were to go
back to these high rates, from experience, you
would have to conclude that it would lessen the
revenue. As to this carriage of free matter, I have
no doubt that the Postmaster General is right. If
this irqe mattor paid postage, it would amount to
$2,000,000; but do you suppose anybody would
send it, or anybody would take it, if they had to
pay postage on it.' Nobody believes it. It is my
deliberate judgment, by sending this printed mat-
ter free, there is more than one hundred fold sent
of what would go if thoy had to pay postage, lib-
i eral as membias of Congress are. I do not believe
1 the mail service costs much more than it would
you did not wend it.
But the Senator from Georgia says that that
Post Office bill was defeated by the Republicans,
and that the Republican party is responsible for
that five million cxcess of expenditures. Now,
I ask the Senator from Georgia if he will not
] have the candor to say tliat it was a Democratic
! House of Representatives that defeated that very
| bill? Was itnotan Administration House? Was
| it not a Democratic Speaker? Were not all its
( committees Democratic ? And yet he charges the
j Republican party with the defeat of that measure
1 to raise the postage and repeal the franking priv-
ilege. Now, is that candor? If I know the last
House of Representatives, I think the Speaker
was a gentlemaritfcom South Carolina, and elected
by a majority of the House. I do not know how
much the majority was. I should reckon thirty
or forty; but I do not know. I do not keep a run
of those things. But I want to know if the Sen-
ator from Georgia believes it is fair and candid
j towards political opponents to get up and charge
| the Republican party in the House of Represent-
! atives with defeating or passing a measure, when
■ there were nearly two votes to one against them
i in that House? The Republican party have not
j a majority there now. The Opposition to the Ad-
i ministration is a majority. Here is the Senate,
j with ten or fifteen Democratic majority, that have
I increased every one of the appropriation bills,and
then the Senator goes on to denounce the minor-
ity of the body for having done it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not know whether it is
worth .while to put myself right, as I have done
it once. I was very explicit.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator can explain if
he wishes.
Mr. TOOMBS. I stated that it was by your
votes, and uniting with those Democrats who
agreed with you, that you had done it; and that
you were lesponsible for your own votes. I did
not say twenty-five men could beat thirty-six. I
stated the facts: that that was the policy of all of
you who voted, and uniting yourselves with gen-
tlemen whose local interests made them agree with
you in policy, you got these expenditures com-
plained of, and the record will maintain it. The
same was the case last year. I do not say that a
minority could be at a majority; but you take a
rninoiity of the majority, unite with it on a policy,
and you carry it. Therefore you arc responsible,
and that minority. Every man is responsible for
his own vote. This attempt to creep out of votes
that people give, under the idea that they arc not
a majority, is a slender pretext to go to the coun-
! try with.
Mr. SIMMONS. I know the Senator's habit
of using epithets about pretexts. 1 never shrink
from the responsibility of a vote; and my friends
around mc here know that I have stated, in re-
gard to the appropriation bills, I intended to fol-
low the committees, where I did not understand
the measuie myself. That is my rule, and I take
the responsibility of voting for them. I know
they are Democrats; but if they make a fair pre-
sentation and report of what they want, I follow
the chairman, unless I think I see some egregious
error. Is that a parly measure? You cannot
find a case where the chairman of a committee of
this body, since I have been a member of it, has
made a fair presentation of what is wanted, that
my vote is against it. I do not vote against it
because he is a Democrat; nor do I vote for it
because it is a Democratic committee; but I be-
lieve, they generally examine a -question fairly
and present itfairly,and I have felt myself bound
to vote for it, unless there was some egregious
error. 1 voted for expenditures on public build-
ings. I have been for them all along. It docs
not make any difference to me in what part of
hct country they arc located. I do not know
whether the Senator from Georgia voted for them
or not.
Air. TOOMBS. These were just the votes I
did not complain of. I say when appropriations
are to be made by an existing law, it is my duty,
as a member of the Finance Committee, to bring
in the bills, and I did so, and voted for them.
Those are not the bills with which I charged you
for voting.
Mr. SIMMONS. What kind of votes have I
given that are complained of? I challenge him
to name one. That is the way to bring the ques-
tion.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 stated one.
Mr. SIMMONS. What was it?
Mr. TOOMBS. I said you sought to bring
back $2,000,000 of postal contracts, which I say
is exhibited to be the most outrageous proposi-
tion ever heard of in the country. I did not say
every member of the party did it. The gentle-
man may be exempt; but X stated that the major-
ity of the party, sixteen at least, voted for the
measure I was speaking of. 1 gave it as an illus-
tration that the House put back these contracts.
I do not know how they voted. I presume they
voted for it as a party. It was very near a party
measure.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not know anything
about the party, but I went for the amendment of
the Senator from Vcimont, [Mr. Collamer,] and
made a speech upon it. I was against restoring
those routes that were useless; but as to that part
of the curtailment that had boon made by a pro
rata system, without looking into it, simply be-
cause the Senator from Georgia defeated an ap-
propriation bill, I thought the service ought to be
restored, in the discretion of the Postmaster Gen-
eral. That was my argument. But in regard to
those contracts for carrying the mads in river car-
riages, for which we paid §150,000,1 voted against
their being restored, and so stated. I votrd for
the amendment to prevent their being restored;
but, by a sort of pailiamentary legerdemain, the
amendment was rcjectcd, in order to defeat the
whole proposition.
Now, Mr. President, I do not like to debate these
questions. The Senator from Georgia has no more
idea than I have, and cannot have, after his expe-
rience, that this revenue biil will afford over four-
teen per cent, upon the gross imports of the coun-
try; and if wcget $56,000,000 a year, we shall have
§400,000,000 of imports. We got about forty-
nine million dollars of revenue last year, and had
about three hundred and forty million dollars of
imports. Now, docs he suppose, even with his
denunciation of extravagance, that he can bring
the expenditures of this Government down to
^50,000,000? He has no more idea of it than I
have. We have consumed this session of Con-
gress in debating party platforms, and now we are
to leave the important duties of the session by ad-
journing without doing what we ought to have
done months ago. During the three ort'our months
we spent in these useless discussions, which went
only to prove that this constitutional Government
was a mere league among the States, we might
have had our business closed up, and the private
business attended to.
Now, I have one word to say about the bill as
it came from the House of Representatives. I
think the Senator from Georgia is mistaken m say-
ing that this bill contemplated a redemption of this
loan in two years. I think it is a six years' loan,
with liberty to the Secretary of the Treasury, by
giving certain notice, to redeem it after two years.
That was done in order that, if the Secretary had
any surplus, he might pay off this loan, as he
pleased. That was the bill. I maybe mistaken
about it. I read the bill a month or two ago, and
have not seen it since. I ask the Senator from
Virginia, the chairman of the committee, if it is
not a loan for six years, with the privilege of re-
deeming such parts as he pleases after two?
Mr. HUNTER. It is the privilege to redeem
it upon notice. Does not that make it a two years'
loan?
Mr.SIMMONS. Though you have themoney
to pay it. Does he want to prevent us paying it
if we have the money by giving notice? The
Senator from Georgia does not want that, I know,
tie does not want this money to pile up as it did
before, if he lias the loans out at five per cent, or
six per cent. That is a mere privilege to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to give notice after two
years to allow him to redeem it without having
to buy it at fifteen per cent, premium, as he dia
before, and then, within the next two or three
months afterwards, have no money in theTreas-
ury. I do not believe we shall have any money
to use in that way; but still it is well enough to
make that provision. I think the House has not,
peihaps, provided amply in that respect. The
Senator from Virginia says ho has improved that
by putting it five years off; but if you have the
money you cannot get in the stock before with-
