1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tcction, the effect of*it is, that when iron is high,
and when, therefore, it can be produced in this
country without the imposition of any duty at all,
then you have the duties run up to a mark that is
uncalled for and unnecessary for any purpose of
protection; but, when prices go down, in times of
depression, and when your manufacturers most
need protection, then your duties go down, and
your manufacturers have least protection when
they have most need of it.
Now, for all these reasons of protection and of
revenue, ad valorem duties arc a sliding scale
against levenue and against protection. They fur-
nish protection when manufacturers do not need
if, and they furnish revenue when the Treasury
does not need it; but they do not furnish protec-
tion or revenue when most needed. For these rea-
sons, I prefer specific, to ad valorem duties.
Mr. MORRILL. Iron is, perhaps, one of the i
most difficult articles in the whole list of importa-
tions in which to de.tectfraud. I would say to the
gentleman from Alabama that it would be utterly
impossible for him, or for any expert in the coun-
try, to tell whether a bar of iron is worth $30, $60,
or $90 per ton. It cannot be told till the article is
wrought, although a blacksmith might, by break-
ing off apart and examining the fiber, know some-
thing about it; so that there is as much chance
of frauds being committed in regard to iron as in
regard to anything else.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is no contest about
the value of the iron that there is not in regard to
every other commodity. The iron comes in under
invoice like all other articles, and its cost at the
port of departure is the amount on which the ad
valorem duty is imposed. I think that that is the
proper system of duties for iron, if not for all
other commodities, because in the import of iron
there have been no frauds attempted.
Mr. MILLSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Alabama by reducing
the amount of duty one per cent.
Mr. Chairman, it is a melancholy illustration
of the correctness of what I said a moment ago in
regard to the absorbing nature of certain discus-
sions, and of the apathy with which other ques-
tions seem to be treated at the present time, that
while gentlemen on that side of the House seem
to be present in full numbers, correctly appreci-
ating the importance of the question before the
committee, we on this side are surrounded only
by empty benches.
Mr. MORRILL. I presume that gentlemen on
the other side want to have the bill passed, but to
have it passed by our votes.
Mr. MILLSOIN". Sir, I had hoped that when
we came to the consideration of the details of this
bill, there would have been a general determina-
tion, on the part of those who are opposed to the
piinciple of such legislation, to engage in the do-
bate, and to make their views acceptable to the
country. There are many gentlemen from Ohio,
fiom Illinois, from Indiana, from Virginia, from
South Carolina,from North Carolina, from Geor-
gia, and from many other States, who, I supposed
and hoped, would be here to take part in the dis-
cussion; but it is apparent, sir, that they do not
sufficiently estimate the importance of the ques-
tion. I want to reduce this duty. Why? Let
me contrast with our proposed legislation the con-
duct of other nations. There is scarcely a single
articic in this whole eighth scction—which it took
so long to read—which is not, by the British tariff,
admitted free of duty; and where we have imposed
two or three cents duty on the pound, the high-
est rate of duty imposed by Great Britain on man-
ufactures of iron is only about 2s. fid. a hundred
weight.
Air. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman allow mi to ask him how much iron is
annually imported into Great Britain?
Mr. MILLSOiN. I cannot answer the gentle-
man's question: but I do know that these English
rates of duties were, within a few years, protect-
ive: and that when, six or eight years ago, the
gentleman ftom Pennsylvania anil his political
friends desired to have a protective system estab-
lished here, they referred with commendation to
the example of England in protecting this very
iron which they say now is not imported into the
kingdom at all; and now that she has diminished
or expunged tin* duty, the gentleman inquires
how much iron is imported into the kingdom of
Great Britain.
1979
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I did com-
mend the English policy, in a speech which I
made here; but that was a policy of protection,
twenty or thirty years ago, when Great Britain
made very little iron; when she made less than
three hundred thousand tons a year. Her sys-
tem of protection brought up her iron mamimc-
ture toaboutthree million tons, and then she drew
off her protection.
^ Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Chairman, a few days
since I showed the House, elaborately, that all
the commodities embraced in this section were,
by all nations, protected by specific duties. The
fact that England has, within a few years past,
when her iron manufactures exceed three million
tons, reduced the duty, only goes to show that
when, by her system of protection, she has got
command of all the markets of the world, she
can afford to dispense with a'protective duty. Let
us, by our system of protection, attain the posi-
tion to which England has attained; and then we,
too, can afford to reduce our rates of duty. That
is the whole argument.
Mr. MILLSON. I suppose, inasmuch as I
have yielded so much of my time to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, I shall be permitted to
withdraw my amendment, and renew it and pro-
ceed with my remarks.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I hope the
gentleman will be allowed to have his five minutes
without the necessity of moving any new amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair hears no ob-
jection, and the gentleman from Virginia will pro-
ceed.
Mr. MILLSON. Gentlemen say that this re-
duction was made for the benefit of England; and
a gentleman yesterday maintained that the policy
of Franco was the same; that Louis Napoleon con-
sulted the interests of his people, and that Queen
Victoria corsulted the interests of her people, in
these changes of the tariff. That, sir, is unques-
tionably true. Nobody ever asserted that Louis
Napoleon or Queen Victoria was actuated by
the wishes of the people of foreign countries in
any of their regulations of duties on imports.
What I maintain is, that wo should be consulting
the interests of our people, by following their
example. The gentleman says that England has
lowered her duty upon iron. Sir, England has
expunged all duty upon it. She imposes no duty
at all upon bar iron; she imposes no duty at all
upon wrought iron; nor does she impose a duty
upon any description of iron, except upon a few
iron utensils—articles of manufactured iron—and
these she only taxes by the hundred weight, at
the rate of 2s. 6rf. per hundred weight. But what
does the gentleman ask now? I beg him not to
suppose that I have any opposition to the interests
of Pennsylvania. I do not believe the interests
of the people of Pennsylvania require any such
legislation. I believe the interests of-the people
of Pennsylvania would be advanced rather by pur-
suing an opposite course of policy. The people
of England have become convinced of that fact.
If the gentleman from Pennsylvania tells me they
do not import iron, I tell him they do import
grain, and yet they have abolished the duty upon
corn, and upon every description of grain. The
aristocratic interests there have been compelled to
yield to the march of science and human enlight-
enment.
But what, sir, is now proposed to be accom-
plished by this bill r Why, that the duty on bar
iron should be increased from 24 per cent, to $15
per ton, involving an increase of the per cent.
duty of perhaps 50 per cent., or nearly that, on
bar iron; and the increase of duty made upon rail-
road iron is about GO per cent.; on pig iron, of
about 75 per cent.; about 1G0 percent, on old
scrap iron; and on sheet iron, smooth or polished,
the increase of duty is 400 or 500 per cent., if my
calculations be not erroneous.
Now, let me ask the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, if upon the introduction of foreign goods
they are not able to compete successfully with the
producers of foreign countries, even when we
have given them the advantage of 24 per cent.,
which we imposed in the shape of doty upon the
foreign article, is it reasonable that the consumers
of the country should be made to pay $50 on every
$100 more than that article is worth, in order that
certain persons m Pennsylvania or elsewhere shall
be able to continue in certain unprofitable occu- ii have spoken as he has if he had considered what
j nations in which they have engaged, and which
| they have failed to render lucratiye, even under
the fostering care of the Government? I think
the occupations themselves in this country are
unprofitable; and there is the evil of the system
of protecting them. As a philanthropist, I might
be willing to pay §50 on the $100 more for an ar-
ticle than somebody else could afford to furnish
it for, if the difference went for the advantage of
others. Then it would not be a dead loss to the
world. Somebody would be the gainer by my loss.
But if I am to lose $50, in order that another man
may g-ain two, then my loss is a dead loss to the
wealth of the world.
[Here the hammer fell.}
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not wish to make a
speech. I only want to say this, in reply to the
gentleman from Virginia.. If I understood him
correctly, he spoke of the iron interest of Penn-
sylvania as unprofitable. If that is what the gen-
tleman meant to say, I take issue with him upon
that point.
Mr. MILLSON. I said, or intended to say,
that it was unprofitable without protection.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman says it is
unprofitable without protection, that is another
thing. I think th^ tables all show conclusively
thojafact that to-day the iron interests of Pennsyl-
vania are in as prosperous a condition as any
other interest of the country. There is nothing
which excels it in the amount received for the
capital and Jabor invested.
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman must hare
misapprehended me altogether. What I wanted to
say was, that (his interest would not be profitable
without the sustaining arm of the Government,
and that with the fostering arm of the Govern-
ment, it is not more profitable t!ian other interests.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, sir, I will finish what
I had to say, at any rate, though if I had under-
stood the gentleman as I now understand him, I
should not have taken the floor in reference to the
matter.
I want to say that the tables show that the iron
interest is in a prosperous condition, and paying
fair returns to those engaged in it. I arri ve at that
conclusion from various facts and circumstances.
In the first place, if you will examine the tables
showing the amount of iron imported into this
country, you will find that it has diminished since
the passage of the law of 1857, notwithstanding
the duties are reduccd, and you will find that,
while the importations of iron are growing smaller
in amount, the exports of iron from the country
are increasing. You will find, by looking at the
tables accompanying the last report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, that iron maintains its price
at all points in the United States, or perhaps I
should confine the statement to New York; but
that market regulates the price at other points. I
say that these tables show that iron maintains its
price as well if not better than any other product
of the country. And as suggested to me they get
no protection; but whether they get it or not, the
iron interest has been sufficiently protected to
almost double itself within the ten years from 1840
to 1850. Undi^the tariff of 1846 the iron interest
prospered. Under the tariff of 1857, the iron in-
terest still prospers. That is true, and yet we are
to be complained of, and the country is to be ex-
cited from one end to the other, because we do not
increase the duty tipon iron. "We are to be com-
plained of, sir, because we do not make the agri-
culturists and everybody else who use iron pay a
heavy duly upon that articic, in order to advance
an interest now prosperous and doing better than
the agriculturist himself.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton-] says
that a specific duty must keep up iron when prices
fall. What effort is made to protect the agricul-
turist ? You let his inteiests suffer and dwindle
away and die, if it cannot make its own living,
whilst you protect the strong and pampered in-
terests of manufacturers.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. Millson'^ amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOUSTON, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. Q.UART.ES. I move to amend by in-
creasing the duty on iron one cent.
Mr. Chairman, I desire to make a fewremarks
in reply to what has been said by the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Houston.] He would not
