1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
out paying a premium, Is that an improvement?
There can be no sort of doubt that it is an ad-
vantage to have a right to redeem these bonds,
though I hare no idea it would bo done; and if it
would lessen the value of the loan, I would rather
strike it out. I would rather make it six years.
The longer the time, probably the better the loan
would sell; but alive years'loan would bring the
money due right at the time when the balance of
the Mexican debt will come due. 1 want to know
if you can pay these §20,000,000 then, and all the
rest of that debt that comes due within seven
years. There is now a debt of $28,000,000 pay-
able in that time, and you propose to make this
loan come due within the same time. That will
be $48,000,000 to pay in the next seven years,
besides the interest upon it. Will any financier
pretend that there is any prospcct of doing that?
1 think a little reflection and a little attention to
what our engagements are afready, will satisfy
the Senator from Georgia that postponing this
and fixing it at five years only, is against the in-
terests of the Government. It will have to be
renewed again. There has never been an easier
time in the money market in five years than there
is to-day, and I would rather at once put this loan
at ten or twelve years, and contrive some other
way to buy up the other debt. We have got to
pro vide for twenty-five or twenty-eight millions—
I do not know exactly how much—within six or
seven years, and, therefore, I would rather put
this off a little longer.
Now, so far as complaint is made about the
provisions of the House bill, I think any man, ac-
customed to business, will say that it is a safer bill
for the Government. That is, a loan of six years,
with the privilege, after two years, of giving no-
tice and buying a part, and paying for it. No-
body supposes that the Secretary of the Treasury
is going to pay off n loan of §20,000,000 in two
years; and we have seen the mischief of having
to bid for our own paper in the market, and pay
fifteen per cent, for it. Why should you repeat
it? I say that the plan of the House is better in
every aspect than the one proposed by the Finance
Committee; but if the Finance Committee here
mean to amend it at all, they had better make half
this loan redeemable in ten or twelve years, and
the other half in the same way that the House
has sent it to us.
I shall be perfectly willing, as I have stated
privately to the chairman of the Finance Com-
mittee, if he would look to a permanent revenue
sufficient to pay the expenses, to agree to a con-
tinuation of the Treasury note bill, providing
that, when there was less than five million in the
Treasury, the Secretary might issue notes, and if
he had more on hand, take them in. I think, to
manage theTreasury economically, we must have
some little margin of that sort; for if we are going
to pay these debts as they become due, we must
accumulate some money between now and 1862,
and between then and 1867 or 1868, whenever the
debt becomes due; and I think this mode of taking
it would be better.
There is but one further remark about these
statements of the committee that I wish to make,
and then 1 shall have done. When we passed
the Treasury note bill—I want to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Virginia—one reason
urged by the Finance Committee was, that it was
indispensable to have §12,000,000 in the Treasury
to operate the Treasury with. It was intimated
that we could not pay the interest coming due on
the 1st of January, 1858, unless we had Treas-
ury notes, although there were fiver seven million
in the Treasury when the animal repoi t was made
in December, 1857. The impression was made
on the Senate that it required §12,000,000 to oper-
ate the Treasury successfully; that if there was j
less there, it was a disadvantage. That, I have
no doubt, the Senator remembers to have said.
Well, sir, I have looked at the Treasury balances,
and whenevera Secretary of the Treasury had au-
thority to issue a loan, I have ne\er known him ;
to issue one until he got down to less than five
million. I believe that whatever statements come
from committees should be based on their delib-
erate judgment. If the Senator from Virginia
will say it is all well enough, he cannot expect
that we shall believe, after three years' experience
of the present tariff, that we call redeem this loan
in five years, and pay the interest on what there
is out.
Mr. BIGLER. The income from customs de-
pending on commerce and the business impulses
not merely of our own country, but of the entire
world, I am not disposed to hold accountable or
criticise unkindly any officer of the Government
at the head of the Treasury Department. I did
not intend that by any remark I have made in con-
nection with this subject. I have entire confidence
in the ability and patriotism of the present head
of the Treasury Department; but, sir, those who
think we have revenue sufficient take the posi-
tion that theyagree with him,and weon the other
side differ from him. Now, I will undertake to
prove, in five minutes, bythe Secretary's report,
and by what the Senator from Virginia has said,
that the Secretary himself concedes a deficiency
at the end of the year 1861, on the mere ordinary
expenditures, without taking into consideration
any one of the vast sums which wc have voted in
this body. How do I make that appear? I do
not intend to go over the account thoroughly; that
would take too much time, nor is it necessary;
but on page 6 of the Secretary's report, after hav-
ing gone through all the receipts and expenditures
for this year, ending June 30,1860, and his esti-
mates for the coming year 1861, he states:
"It will be seen from the communication of the Post-
master Ganerai accompanying my report on tlie estimates,
that there will be required to pay the deficiency in that De-
partment for the fiscal year ending the 30th June, 1859, the
sum of §4,296,009; and to supply tne deficiency for the
present fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1850", the fur-
ther sum ot §'5,526,324. In addition to these amounts, the
Secretary of the Interior submits an estimate for the sum
of $539,330, which he will require during the present fiscal
year to carry out eertain Indian treaties approved at the
close of the last session of Congress. Ttiese three sjinis,
amounting to §10,361,683, must he met during the present
fiscal year, and must therefore be deducted from the esti-
mated balance In the Ticasury on the 30th of June, 1860,
which will leave in the Treasury at that time an estimated
balance of §4,020,125 40, ami an estimated balance on the
30th ol June, 1861, of $3,530,11)6 61. Tins last amount will
be increased to th11 extent of the unexpended appropria-
tions foi the next fiscal year which may remain in the
Treasury undrawn on the 30th of June, 1861."
Mr. HUNTER. It is just there. What is that
" last amount r" It is about twelve million dol-
lars.
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator from Virginia
knows that this system of unexpended appropri-
ations runs along every year, and the general aver-
age is about the same. He makes nothing at all by
making that deduction, because I am going to take
the statement of the Treasury of the accountcur-
rent of the ordinary expenditures. This balance
which he claims in the Treasury on the 30th of
Juno, 1861, is based on his estimate of last year
of a revenue from customs of §56,000,000. His
estimate for customs has fallen short, as the Sen-
ator from Virginia knows, as also his estimate of
the public lands. Tile Senator from Virginia says
that the deficiency of the estimate is §3,379,000.
He will see that that, exceeds the entire amount
of balance in the Treasury which the Secretary
estimates, aside from the unexpended appropria-
tions.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the Senator if he does
not know that the estimate of appropriations for
these last three quarters has fallen short more
even than the estimate of revenue; in other words,
that the deficiency of expenditures is as much less
than those estimated by the Department as the
revenue is less?
Mr. BIGLER. Now, I hope the Senator will
not make a point of that kind. Here are the esti-
mates based on laws in existence—appropriations
previously made. What does it matter whether
they come in to-day or to-morrow? Will lie tell
me that the Secretary of the Treasury has made
mistakes of millions and millions as to what the
laws have appropriated' That cannot be. Fur-
thermore, sir, the Senator from Virginia has not
seen the 30tli of June, I860. When we shall have
passed these bilis, if he calls here, I venture to
predict now, he will find the Treasury exhausted,
if not below the point at which I propose to put
it. I do not hold that this meets the case at all.
The Secretary's statement is on appropriations
already made by law. They will be demanded,
and have to be paid.
Now, sir, you will see that the deficiency for
this year, as presented by the Senator from Vir-
ginia himself, exhausts the entire balance which
the Secretary of the Treasury claims for the 30th
of June, 1861; but that does not meet the case. I
do not cure to stand upon technicalities about this
thing, or undertake in,any way to. make a par-
ticular point. I have no opinion to adhere to with
tenacity. This is a question of experience ;and
of facts, which we must look at—which there is
no evading. Will the Senator from Virginia tell
me that the Secretary of the Treasury lias esti-
mated for any one of the appropriations which
we have made in this body, and which I am about
to state, and how many of them can we escape
from, if one ? There is not one of them but will
have to be paid sooner or later. I estimate the
claims, private and public, that we have ,passed
or are about to pass—the whole mass of private
bills—at $1,000,000. That is not estirriated for.
Then $467,000 for the increased pay of the naval
officers. Thatis not estimated for. Then§779,000 •
for the Texas regiment, which is not estimated
for. Then §500,000 for the water works; §300,000
for the Capitol extension; $150,000for the Charles-
ton custom-house; §300,000 for the New Orleans
custom-house; and about three million to pay
the Oregon war debt. There are in these few
items over §6,000,000. Is it not right, and is it
not our duty, to take these into consideration?
I doi-not intend to go into these matters to-day.
I simply wish to say to my friend from Georgia
that 1 think his attempt, to-day, to create the im-
pression that these appropriations were carried
.by the votes of the Opposition and a certain por-
tion of Democrats, was not a generous view of
the subject. That is true upon each particular
proposition; but taking a session of Congress to-
gether, the Senator must know that he cannot
make out a class of Democrats who vote with the
Opposition. Ihave voted for appropriations when
a majority of the Opposition has voted for them,
and the Senator from Georgia, perhaps, has done
the same thing. Now, take this single item,
§467,000, to increase the pay of naval officers.
Who is responsible for that? It passed this body
unanimously.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not know how it passed.
I was in Georgia, I suppose. I know I was not
here at the time. I should have opposed it, if I
had been.
Mr. BIGLER. I say what the record shows.
The Senator admits that he voted for §700,000 for
the Texas regiment. He did that because he
thought it was right, consistent with public pol-
icy and the wishes of his constituents. My
fiiend from Virginia, who stands with a strong
arm at the door of the Treasury, the other day
voted fora bill to pay the States §1,600,000 of in-
terest—a measure that was disputed stoutly here
as not being right. He did so because his con-
stituents required him to do so, and because they
thought it right.
There are very many other views that I could
present. I think I am as careful about voting for
unnecessary expenditures as most Senators. I
claim no merit on that point. I vote as my judg-
ment indicates. But,-sir, on this very Post Office
appropriation bill, on the effort of the House to
restore the postal service, the Senator from Geor-
gia must remember that the votes on this side in
favor of it came from his section of the Union,
and not from mine. I voted against it. 1 under-
stand very well what the Senator meant. He
knows that there are certain Democratic Senators
on this side who, to a certain extent, agree with
the other side oil what I regard as a mere busi-
ness question—the question uf adjusting the rates
of duties on foreign imports with a view to reve-
nue. I am not among those who have ever talked
about protecting any great interest orclass of peo-
ple in this country. What 1 say, what I have
said, what I shall say again, is, that when Con-
gress does raise duties for revenue, it is not only
its right but its duty, in arranging those charges,
to inquire how far they will affect the great indus-
trial interests of the country; and, for one, I am
of those who pride myself in acknowledging the
duty, that, in providing for this necessity of our
Government, and cyery other, I will, as far as I
can, advance great industrial interests that are
borne down by foreign competition,by the agency
of cheap capital and cheap labor abroad, espe-
cially where the product of these great elements
belongs peculiarly to our own country; where we
have the elements, where we have the skill, and
wheie we can produce all we need. Commerce
is right; commerce is a necessity that equalizes
the position of the world; but. that commerce
which is engaged in carrying iron from England
