16
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6.
remarks, a reply from the other side will be ex-
pected, and remembering that in the Thirty-
Fourth Congress one gentleman, under similar
circumstances, occupied the floor for over two
days, I desire to submit a resolution to adopt the
hour rule until the organization of the House. I
ask the gentleman from Missouri to allow mc to
present a resolution to that cflfect to the House.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I prefer not to
yield.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I give notice that I shall
endeavor to get the floor when the gentleman has
concluded his remarks, for the purpose of sub-
mitting the motion to the House; though I shall
be perfectly willing, if the gentleman from Mis-
souri occupies more than one hour, to allow the
gentleman who answers him an equal length of
time.
Mr. CLEMENS. Will the gentleman from
Missouri allow me to offer a resolution?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I will hear the
resolution.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the daily sessions of this House shall be
at twelve o'clock, in.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I was proceeding
yesterday, as well as I could, to demonstrate the
unfitness for the Speakership of certain gentlemen
upon the other side of the House; gentlemen who
signed a paper recommending the circulation of
the publication referred to in my resolution of
yesterday. In order that I may do no gentleman
injustice, and that the country may understand
precisely what position those gentlemen occupy,
and the responsibility they take upon themselves,
and without meaning any personal disrespect, I
send to the Clerk, and ask him to-sead, a paper
signed by a number of members of Congress,
among whom are gentlemen nominated on the
other side for Speaker of this House, recommend-
ing this book for circulation.
The Clevk read the paper, as follows:
New York, MarchO, 1859.
Dear Snt: If you have read and critically examined the
work, you will probably agree with us that no course of
argument so successfully controverting the practice of sla-
very in the United States, and enforcing a precise and ade-
quate view of its prostrating effects, material and moral,
has equaled that of the volume entitled " The Impending
Crisis or' the South: How to Meet it,1' by ffmton Rowan
Helper, of North Carolina.
No other volume now before the public, as we conceive,
is. in all respects, so well calculated to induce in the minds
of its readers a decided and persistent repugnance to slavery
and a willingness to cooperate in the effort to restrain the
shameless advances and hurtful influences of th.it perni-
cious institution.
The extensive circulation of a copious compend of the
work in que&tion among the intelligent, liberty-loving vo-
ters of the country, irrespective of party or locality, would,
we believe, be productive of most beneficial results; and to
this end we trust you will assist us in carrying out a plan
we have devn-cd for the gratuitous distribution of one hun-
dred thousand copies of such a compcnd, which, if con-
tracted for and published, will contain about two hundred
pages, and be hound In pamphlet form.
One hundred thousand copies of the contemplated com-
pend, which, on about two hundred pages, would contain
very nearly all the matter now embracea In the regular
volume, (which sells for one-dollar per copy,) can be had,
well printed on good paper, for sixteen cents each—$16,000
In the aggregate. This amount we propose to raise in such
uums as you and other good friends of a good cause feel
disposed to subscribe.
In all cases, when convenient, contributors to the cause
will please make their subscriptions in the form of drafts,
or certificates of deposit, payable to the order of the Flon.
William H. Anthon, 16 Exchange Place, New York city,
our treasurer and di^burser, who will regularly, through
the columns of the Tribune, acknowledge receipts of the
same.
JEvery person who subscribes ten dollars, or more, will,
if timely application be made, be entitled to as many eopies
of the compend for distribution as he may desire, not ex-
ceeding the number that the amount of his subscription
would pav for at net cost.
Subscribers' names, with the suras severally subscribed
fyy them, in all casee where the amount is ten dollars or
more, will appear, alphabetically arranged, in the latter
part of the compend.
Correspondence or personal interviews in relation to
this enterprise may be had with any one of the undersigned,
who will be pleased to receive subscriptions m aid of its
speedy consummation.
An early response from you is respectfully solicited.
William H. Anthon, Treasurer, 16 Exchange Place, New
York. S, E. Sewaii, Boston, Massachusetts. William
Gunnison, Baltimore. S. Padleford, Providence. L. Cl©~
phane, Washington. W. B. Thomas, Philadelphia. Cas-
sius M. Clay, Whitehall. W. McCauley, Wilmington. F.
P. Blair, jr., St. Louis.
The undersigned having been appointed a committee in
New York, to aid m the circulation of Mr. Helper's book,
on the plan proposed above, beg leave to recommend the
object to tho public, and their rn ,pptatiou.
, Subscriptions may be sent to the Hon. William H. An-
thon, No. 16 Exchange Place, New York, directly, or
through either of the undersigned committee:
Charles W. Elliott, R. H. McCurdy,
Abram Wakeman, David Dudley Field,
William Curtis Noyes, James Kelly,
C. A. Peabody, Edgar Ketchum,
Benjamin F. Manierre, James A. Briggs.
We, the undersigned, members of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the National Congress, do cordially indorse
the opinion and approve the enterprise set forth in the
foregoing circular:
Schuyler Colfax, J F. Farnsworth,
Anson Burlingame, C. L. Knapp,
Owen Lovejoy, R. E. Fenton,
Amos P. Granger, Philemon Bliss,
Edwin B. Morgan, Mason W. Tappan,
Galusha A. Grow, Charles Case,
Joshua R. Giddmgs, T. Davis, (Iowa,)
Edward Wade, James Pike,
Calvin C. Chaffee, Homer E. Royce,
William II. Kelsey, Isaiah D. Clawson,
Win. A. Howard, A. S. Murray,
Henry Waldron, Robert B. Hall,
John Sherman, Valentine B. Horton,
Geo. W. Palmer, Freeman II. Morse,
Daniel W. Gooeh, David Kilgore,
Henry L. Dawn?, William Stewart,
Justin S. Morrill, • Samuel R. Curtis,
I. Wafvhburn, jr., John M. Wood,
J. A. Bingham, John M. Parker,
Wm. Kellogg, Stephen C. Foster,
E. B. Washburne, Charles J. Gilman,
Benjamin Sainton, Charles B. Hoard,
Edward Dodd, John Thompson,
Cydnor B.Tompkins, J. W. Sherman,
John Covode, Wm. D. Brayton,
Cad. C. Washburn, James Buffinton,
Sam'l G. Andrews, 0. B. Mattcson,
Abraham B. Olm, Richard Mott,
Sidney Dean, Geo. R. Robbins,
Nathaniel B. Durfee, Ezekiel P Walton,
Emory B. Pottle, James Wilson,
DeWitt C. Leach, K. A. Puiviance,
John F. Potter, Francis E. Spinner,
T. Davis, (Massachusetts,1) Silas M. Burroughs.
Mr. Helper is a native of North Carolina, who, as the
result of careful observation and extensive inquiry, has
reached the very obvious and just conclusion that human
slavery is the great primary curse and peril of the South,
impeding its progress in morals, intelligence, industry, and
wealth. This conclusion, with the tacts on which it is
founded, is embodied in his book entitled " The Impending
Crisis of the South," a work everywhere received and
hailed, by the advocates of free-labor, as one of the most
impregnable demonstrations of the justice of their cause,
and the vital importance of its triumph to our national and
gcneial well-being. Were every citizen in possession of
the facts embodied in tins book, we feel confident that
slavery would soon peacefully pass awav, while a Repub-
lican triumph in 1860 would be morally certain.
It is believed that this testimony of a southern man, born
and reared under the influence of a,lavciy, will be more gen-
erally listened to and piofoundly heeded, whether in the
slave or in the free States, than an equally able and con-
clusive woik written by a northern man. And it is very
desirable, therefore, that a cheap compend of its contents,
fitted for giatuitous circulation, be now made and gener-
ally diffused in those States—Pennsylvania, New Jersey,
Indiana, and Illinois—which aie to decide the next presi-
dential contest.
Horace Greeley, J. C. Uiuleiwood,
Jas. Kelley, Chairman of Abiani Wakeman,
State Central Com., Wm. Henry Anthon,
B. S. Jledrick, Wm. C Bryant,
John A. Kennedy, E. Dclafield Smith,
John Jay, R. II. McCurdy,
Thuriow Weed, W. Curtis Noyes.
Marcus Spring,
Jiim of the Revolution.—And now to the point. la our
opinion—an opinion which has been formed from data
obtained by assiduous researches and comparisons, from
laborious investigation, logical reasoning, and earnest re-
flection—the causes which have impeded the progress and
prosperity of the South, which have dwindled our com-
merce, and other similar pursuits, into the most contempt-
ible insignificance; sunk a large majority of our people in
galling poverty and ignorance, rendered a small minority
cuneeited and tyrannical, and driven the rest away from
thefr homes; entailed upon us a humiliating dependence
on the free States; disgraced us in the recesses of our own
souls, and brought us under reproach in the eyes ot all civ-
ilized and enlightened nations, may all be tiaced to one
common source, and there find solution in the most hateful
ancl horrible woid that was ever incorpoi ated into the vocab-
ulary of human economy—slavery.
The stupid masses in the South.—It is expected that
the stupid and sequacious masses—the white victims of
slavery—will believe, and, as a general thing, they do be-
lieve, whatever the slaveholders tell them; and thus it is
that they are cajoled into the notion that they are the freest,
happiest, and most intelligent people in the world; and aie
taught to look with prejudice and disapprobation upon every
new principle or progressive movement. Thus 1?. is- that
the South, woefully inert and mventionless, has lagged bo-
hind the North, and is now weltering m the cesspool of
Ignorance and degradation.
Results of 11 The sum of all Villanies—While in Vir-
ginia, very recently, an elderly slaveholder, whose religious
walk and conversation had recommended and-promoted
him to an eldership in the Presbyteiian church, and who
supports himself and family by raising negroes and tobacco,
told us that, for the last eight or ten years, aside from the
increase of his human chattels, he feit quite confident he
had not cleared as much even as one per cent, per annum
on the amount of hie investment. The real and personal
property of this aged Christian consists chiefly m a large
tract of land and ahout thirty nejjro*^, nun t wlioui.
cording to his own confession, are more expensive than
profitable. The proceeds arising from the sale of the
tobacco they produce are all absorbed in the purchase of
meat and bread for home consumption, and when the crop
is stunted by drought, frost, or otherwise cut short, one of
the negroes must be sold to raise funds for the support of
the others. Such are the agricultural achievements of slave
labor; such are the results of '-the sum of all villanies."
The diabolical institution subsists on its own flesh. At
one time children are sold to procure food for the parents;
at another, parents are sold to procure food for the children.
Within its pestilential atmosphere nothing succeeds; prog-
ress and prosperity are unknown; inanition and slothlul-
ness ensue; everything becomes dull, di&inal, and unprofit-
able ; wretchedness and desolation stand or lie m bold
relief throughout the land; an aspect oi most melancholy
inactivity and dilapidation broods ovci every city and town;
ignorance and prejudice sit enthroned over the minds of
the people; usurping despots wield the sceptei of power;
everywhere, and in everything, between Oelawaie Bay and
the Gulf of Mexico, are the multitudinous evils of slavery
apparent.
"Revolutionary Jlppeal to Southern Non-Slaveholders.—
To undpeeive the people of the South, to bring them to u
knowledge of the inferior and disreputable position which
they occupy as a component part of the Union, and to give
prominence and popularity to those plans which, if adopted,
will elevate us to an equality, socially, morally, intellect-
ually, industrially, politically, and financially, with the most
flourishing and lefined nation in the world, and, if possible,
to place us in the van of even that, is the object of this
work. Slaveholders, either from ignorance or from a willful
disposition to propagate error, contend that the South has
nothing to be ashamed of, that slavery has proved a bless-
ing to her, and that her superiority over the North, in an
agricultural point of view, makes amends for all her short-
comings in other respects. On the other hand, we contend
that many years of continual blushing and severe penance
would not suffice to cancel or annul the shame and disgrace
that justly attach to the South in consequence of slavery
—the direst evil that e'er befel the land—that the South
bears nothing like even a respectable approximation to the
North m navigation, commerce, or manufactures, and that,
contrary to the opinion entertained by ninety-nine hun-
dredths of her people, she is far behind the free States in
the only thing of which she has ever dared to boast—a^ri-
cultuie." * * °
" It is possible that the rickety monster may make a
better show on the new uack; but if it makes a morendi-
culous display we shall not be surprised. A careful exam-
ination of its precedents has taught us the folly of expecting
anything good to issue from it in any manner whatevei. It
has no disposition to emulate the magnanimity of its betters,
and as tor a laudable ambition to excel, that is a charac-
teristic altogether foreign to its nature. ' Langour and in-
ertia are the msalutary viands upon which it delights to
satiate its morbid appetite ; and, < from bad to worst,' is the
ill-omened motto under which, in all its feeble efforts and
achievements, it ekes out a most miserable and deleterious
existence."
" Northern Products in Southern Marts.—The person
who&e curiosity prompts him to take an account of the im-
mense piles of Noithern lumber now lying on the wharves
and houseless lots in Baltimore, Richmond, and other «,lave-
lioldmg cities, will not, we imagine, form a very flattering
opinion of the products of southern foiests. Let it be re-
membered that neaily all the clippers, steamers, and small
craft are built at the North; that large cargoes of Eastern
lumber arc exported to foreign countries; that nine tenths
of the wooden ware used in the southern States is manu-
factured in New England; that, in outrageous di&regard of
the natural rights and claims of Southern mechanics, the
markets of the South arc forever filled with Northern fur-
niture, vehicles, ax-helves, walkmg-canes, \ard-sticks,
ciothes-pms and pen-holders; that the extraojamaiy num-
ber of lactones, steam engiues, forges, and machine &hops
in the free States requiie an oxtraoidinary quantity of cord
wood; that a large majority of the magnificent edifices and
other structures, both private and public, in which timber
m its vatious forms is extensively used, are to be found m
the free States—we say, let all these tilings be rcmcmbeied,
and the truth will at once flash across the mind that the for-
ests in the North^axe a souice of far greater income than
those of the South. The difference is simply this : at the
North everything is turned to advantage. When a tree is
cut down, the main body is sold or used for lumber, railing,
or paling, the stump for matches or shoepecs, the knec-s for
ship building, and th« branches for fuel. At the South ev-
erything is either neglocted or mismanaged.
The North must seize the Riches of the South.—Nature
has been kind to us m all things. The strata and suhetrnta
of the South are profusely enriched with gold and silver
and precious stones, and from the natural ori&ces and aque-
ducts in Virginia and Noith Carolina, flow the purest
healing waters in the world. But of what avail is all this
latent wealth? Of what avail will it ever be, so lone as
slavery is peimitted to play the dog m the manger? "To
these queries there can be but one reply. Slavery must he
throttled; the South, so great and so glorious by nature,
must be reclaimed from her infamy and degradation; our
cities, fields, and forests., must be kept intact from the un-
sparing monster; the various and ample resources of our
vast domain, subterraneous as well as superficial, must he
developed, and made to contribute to our pleasures and to
the necessities of the world
Revolution must Free the Slaves —The great revolutionary
movement which was set on foot in Charlotte, JYlecklen-
buig county, North Carolina, on the ^Oth day of May, 1775,
has not yet been terminated, nor will it be, until every
slave in the United States is freed from the tyranny oi his
master. Every victim of the vile institution, whether
whits or black, must be reinvested with the sacred rights
and privileges of which he has been deprived by an inhu-
man oligarchy. What our noble sires of the Revolution left
unfinished, it is our duty to complete. -«*■«■*■
To this position the North has adhered with the strictest
fidelity, flow has It been wJt'i the South ? lias she imi-
tated the praise worihv example ot uiii lilu.tnous anccs-
:iu ! ticat.'d u with tn«* utmost contempt j
