1036
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
promise "was established; March 10, 1852, an act
establishing Florida Territory; April 20,1836, an
act establishing Wisconsin Territory; June 12,
1838, an act for the government of Iowa; and
March 3, 1848, an act establishing the govern-
ment of Oregon. ,
These different acts received tho sanction of
fourteen different Congresses, and the official ap-
proval of Presidents Adams, Jefferson, Madison,
Monroe, Jackson, VanBuren.andPolk. All these
acts directly acknowledged the constitutional
power of Congress to prohibit slavery in the Ter-
ritories, and that it was right and expedient to
exercise it.
Secondly. Until within a very few years, the
opinions of the early statesmen that slavery was
dependent upon State regulations for its existence
and protection—a local and not a national insti-
tution—has been uniformly concurred in by Con-
fress, State Legislatures, the judiciary of the
fnited States, and of tho several States. The
proof is found in the acts of Congress, of State
Legislatures, and in the numerous decisions of
the United States and State courts.
Mr. Chairman, having briefly referred to the
Constitution, its compromises upon the slavery
question, the rules of construction applicable to
it, as handed down to us by its framers, and con-
curred in by all the great statesmen of the coun-
try for more than half a century, I now come to
a material point involved in this discussion. Has
the South received what legitimately belonged to
her under the Constitution ? and if there have been
sectional aggressions, from which party have they
come ?
In discussing this matter, I shall deal in facts
and figures, and not in inflammatory declamation
and vague generalities, which have been so much
indulged in by gentlemen upon the other side.
1. Has the South had the property represent-
ation guarantied by the Constitution ? No one
denies it; and she has to-day twenty Representa-
tives upon this floor upon a property basis, while
the free States have none. Taking tho census
of 1850 as the basis of calculation, six million
free whites in the South have, under this appor-
tionment, ninety members; thirteen million in the
North have one hundred and forty-seven mem-
bers. A ratio equal with the South would give
theNorth one hundred and ninety-eight members
2. The South has always had the benefit of a
fugitive slave law to reclaim their runaway slaves.
Some of the provisions of the present law are ex-
tremely obnoxious to the people of the free States;
yet it has been enforced with as little difficulty as
any other law of doubtful constitutionality and
made for the exclusive benefit of a particular sec-
tion of country. It is true, slaves sometimes run
away anel are not recaptured and carried back;
and just as long as they possess the power of lo-
comotion, just so lone more or less of their num-
ber wilt abscond. This very fact is a sad com-
mentary upon the assertion often made, respecting
this uncertain kind of property, that the African
prefers slavery to freedom.
It would be passing Strang if tho whole sub-
ject-of negro slavery could be discussed upon
slave territory, in the midst of the slave popula-
tion, by southern politicians, as it has been done
for several years last past, without waking up, in
the minds of some of this degraded race, ideas of
personal liberty. If these negroes love slavery,
and nre contented, of course they Avill remain
where they are; but if they get a little of Bunker
Hill t Yorktown into their heads, judging from
the past, they will be quite likely to suffer their i
magnetic attractions to vibrate in tho direction of
the north pole. Northern people are not to blame
for all this. It is one of the incidents which al-
ways did and always will connect itself with your
peculiar institution. Just so long as there is sla-
very, just so long there will be runaways from it.
AH past history proves this fact.
Southern men sometimes complain that the peo-
ple of the free States obstruct the due execution
of the fugitive slave law; but they are mistaken
in this assumption: In the firt#pldce, some of the
features ofthe law itself are, by thegreat mass of the
people of the free States, considered cruel and un-
just,and manyofthc best legal minds in theNorth
think it unconstitutional. Then,again, the way
and manner in which you sometimes undertake to
execute it are highly exceptionable. Under some
fraudulent, false pretense, the fugitive is often as-
saulted, knocked down, and dragged off like a
dog, hurried away before some five-dollar com-
missioner, and by him summarily sent off into
slavery, upon proof that would not warrant a
magistrate in giving judgment for a claim of four
or six pence before a county justice.
The very first person you undertook to reclaim
under this law was a free man, and when your
Union-saving slave-catchers from New York
landed him at the door of his alleged master, in
Maryland, like an honest, high-minded, honorable
man—as I am frank to say many of the slave-
holders are—he denied ever owning him, and the
kidnappers had to let him run. A fair trial in a
case which places a person's personal liberty for
life in the power of a single man, and that man
sometimes the corrupt tool of the power that made
him, is bad enough, in all conscience; but when
those engaged in this business undertake to make
a mockery of this, do you wonder the people of
the free States sometimes get a little excited ?
If our southern friends expect the people of the
free States to turn slave hunters-, and join in the
chase in running down the panting fugitive, they
will be disappointed. We never agreed to any
suck thing, and wo never will do it: itis not "in
the bond." Just give the person arrested as a
fugitive the same chance to test the question of
his personal freedom that you would a plaintiff
in a suit at law to recover over twenty dollars'
value in other property, and you will find no ob-
stacles in tho North to the enforcement of a judi-
cious Jaw for the recovery of fugitive slaves.
Bad as the law is, and as objectionable as is the
manner in which it is attempted to be executed, it
is enforced by the people of the free States. The
honorable gentleman from Ohio [ex-Governor
CorwikI has told you in this House it is enforced
in the West. So it is in the middle States, and so
it has been in New England. Yes, sir, Boston
court-house has been putm chains,and the peace-
able people of that State kept out of the temple of
justice by Federal bayonets, and the Treasury of
"the United States robbed of its thousands and tens
of thousands to pay the bills for returning a fugi-
tive slave.
It is easy enough to stand up and charge the
people of the free States with being disloyal to the
Constitution in this particular; but a fair, impar-
tial investigation will show all such allegations
unfounded. It is due to fairness to add, that in-
dividually, I beli«e the present fugitive slave law
unconstitutional, mid if a bill were introduced into
this House for its unconditional repeal, I would
vote for it, arid in so doing should reflect the opin-
ions of a vast majority of my constituents of all
parties.
Mr. Chairman, I do not intend to stop here, but
shall pursue this subject further, and show that
the people of the free States have not only kept
good faith with the South so far as their consti-
tutional obligations are concerned, but have dealt
not only fairly but generously in other matters
growing out of the relations existing between the
two sections. This leads me to my third point
under this division of my subject:
Sq. Miles.
At the treaty of peacc in 1783, the United States
had a Tmritoiy of  -820,689
Sinec that time we have acquired by—
The Louisiana purchase  899,579
The Florida purchase  66,900
The IVxas annexation  31S,000
The Oregon tiealy      308,05*2
The treaty with Mexico  5*22,955
v.
Another inquiry here suggests itself. What
has been the cost of the territory purchased by
the United States, and who paid for it, the people
of the free or slavo States? I have spent a good
deal of time and labor in collecting from the doc-
uments in the Government archives and other
sources, the aggregate cost of our acquired ter-
ritory—many of the items can be accurately
stated, others have to be estimated. The expense
of the Mexican war is given by the Secretary ot
the Treasury in his report in 1851. (Appendix
to Globe, volume £3, page 21.) Below, I give,
in a table, the result of my investigations, and
where I have been obliged to form estimates,
have been careful not to overstate them.
Louisiana Territory, purchased in 1803  $15,000,000
Interest paid on same  8,3127,353
Florida bought of Spain  5.000,000
Interest paid on same  1.430.000
Texas, for boundary claim    10.000,0G0
Texas, foi indemnity claim A  10,000.000
Texas, for creditors in Thirty-Third Congress, 7,750.000
Indian expenses, all kinds inclusive (estimate) 5,000,000
To purchase Navy, pay tioops (estimate)  5,000,000
All other expendiunss. not included above (esti-
mate)  3,000,000
Expanse of Mexican war 217,175,575
Soldiers' pensions and bounty lands (estimate) 7,000,000
Expenses of Florida war  100,000,000
Soldiers' pensions and bounty lands(estimate). 15,600,000
Toiemove Indians, &c. (estimate)  5,000,000
Amount paid foi New Mexico,«by treaty  15.000,000
Paid to extinguish Indian titles (estimate)  100,000,000
Paid to Geoigia  3,082,000
Paid tor Arizona, purchased of Mexico  10,000,000
§842,784,923
Who paid the bills? Letussee. I find by the
researches I have made from official documents,
and other reliable sources of information, that
from 1791 to 1850, the total revenue collected from
customs is as follows—I bring it up to this time,
as most cf my calculations are made eip to 1S50:
Whole amount of revenue collected $1,169.2S9.265
Amount ot icvcnue m lice States  932,222,911
Expenses of eolicctins: m tree States  38.894.9^6
Net sum paid into Tica&ury from free States, 895,327,965
l Amount of levcnuc m s>lave State?-  237,0 < 6,3o4
Expenses of collecting in slave States  17,332,393
1 Net sum paid into Treasury Irom slave States, 219,713.985
Exccss paid by tree States  675,014,024
Thus, facts and figures prove that, while the
slavo States have taken the "lion's share" from
the territory purchased, the free States have paid
three fourx us of the purchase money.
Third. Let us look at some of the offices under
the General Government, and see whether the
South has had its share. 1 have prepared from tho
official records the following table, which speaks
for itself. From this, it appears the South, with
six millions, have over three fifths of the import-
ant offices, and the North, with thirteen millions
less than tioo fifths. I have looked into the local-
ities from which our foreign ministers, consuls,
and other important officers have been taken, and
find that the South have had more than double the
number to which they have been entitled by their
relative population.
Total territory acquired since 1783 2,115,483
Officers.
From the territory thus purchased, there have
been five new slave States admitted into the Union,
to wit: Louisiana, Missouri, Arkansas, Florida,
and Texas; and four free States,as follows: Cal-
ifornia, Iowa, Minnesota,and Oregon. The five
slave States have ten Senators and sixteen Rep-
resentatives in Congress; the four free States
eight Senators and seven Representatives. And
in this division of territory between the two sec-
tions, it ought not to be forgotten that the joint
resolution annexing Texas has a provision that
four more slave States may be carved out of that
territory. To say nothing of this, the South has,
out of territory thus acquired, one more State, two
more United States Senators, andnmc more Rep-
resentatives, than the free States; and yet they
keep up the cry of aggression! aggression ! against
the North.
Prebidentof the United States 
President of the Senate, pro tem 
Speaker of the House 
Secretary of State 
Seciotary of War..... 
Secretary of Navy 
Attorney Geneial 
Chief Justice Supreme Court United
States 
As'oe tate J notices of Supieme Court
United States 
s
® ;
£ «
!*
Years filled from
free States.
Difference in favor
of the South.
48
28
22
m
11
51
45
25
20
40
29
11
38
'3-1
4
30
so
_
42
27
15
57
9
48
225
191
61
6,7
385
232
The South have not been contented with mo-
nopolizing nearly all the great offices in the coun-
try, but they make a lordly claim to all the sub-
ordinate places. Jn all the Departments in this
city northern men have been crowded out to make
way for southerners. I find, in a speech which I
made in the Thirty-Fourth-Congress, the follow-
ing table, which I carefully .prepared from tho
Blue Book. From this, it appears that the North,
taking their population as a basis, are fairly en
