THE ^OHGEESSIONM, GLOBE.
June IS,
*9 this country is lost commerce, a waste of labor,
"It is utter loss.
' ' But, sir,.I promised the Senator'from Virginia
•that I wo«W act upon lus suggestion, and not de-
bate "the tariff' question to-day; nor shall I; but I
am-so-fully convinced that the present rates'of
dutfes tipdn imparts are insufficient,- that I shall
vote against this proposition; because, between the
alternatives of increasing the duties or increasing
the public debt, I am for raising the revenue by
"increasing the rates of customs; and therefore [
am not willing, in advance, to decide this question
of creating a loan. 1 want to meet with it the
question of arresting the further accumulation of
the public debt. It is, therefore, for once—and it
is seldom I do so—that 1 differ from my friend
frofti Virginia. I make no special point as to "the
order of business; but I stated that I believed it
was right, and I thought the Senator from Vir-
ginia owed it to the House of Representatives,
especially inameasure peculiarly confided to them
by the Constitution, to take up and consider the
bill which they sent here in connection with the
whole subject. If there be a majority here un-
willing to change the revenue laws, that is Reason
why they should strike off that portion erf the bill
nnd send it-back with that amendment; for, after
all, if there is to be a contest between the two
Houses, it will originate on one bill as well as
another. But, sif, enough, for the present, of
that.
In speaking of extraoidinary appropriations, I
should not do the Secretary of the Treasury jus-
tice, nor myself, if I did not road a paragraph
from his report, in which he very clearly indicates
to Congress the necessity for additional revenue.
The ground on which he estimates that we can
get through, every Senator knows cannot exist;
and now let me read a paragraph on page'9 of
his report. He says:
'< Entertaining these views, I do not doubt that tile actual
receipts into the Treasury loi tin1 present and next fiscal
years will bo lully equal to the estimates."
The Secretary of the Treasury has notpresented
the whole amount estimated by the Departments.
X believe the difference is between eight and nine
million dollars.
"The only remaimn'j question in connection With the
Estimates to be oon-udeivd, is die probable demands upon
tfie Treasury duuug tin'-- pciiod. II tin' appiequations made
at the present session do not exceed the amount contained
ill the estimates, it is believed tiiat thev ea:i be met with
the ordinary and extraordinary receipts a'lieady provided by
law. Tile estimated balance that wili be in the Trea-^uiy
on the 30th June, ldbi, is only ,$li,.>30,ll)l> Gi, and leaves no
margin foi additional appropriations."
We have trenched on that margin already be-
tween six and seven million dollars.
'•If, therefore, tlte appropuationsshouidexcecdthe esti-
mates, or Congi ess should determine to provide within this
period lor the payment ot any portion of the public debt, it
.will become necessary to make piovUion for such contin-
gencies. Tlie idea ot increasing the public debt to meet
the ordinary expenses of the Government should not be en-
tertained for a moment, if additional demands are created
upon tlie Treasury by lite legislation of the piesent Con-
gress, provision must be made to meet them by such increase
of tariff duties as may he required toi that pmpose, in such
an event,! would respectlully refer Confess to my last
report, as containing the views of the Department on the
subject."
In view of the fact which I have stated, of the
appropriations which have been made, it is true
that the Secretary of the Treasury is here recom-
mending an increase of the tariff, and insisting
that he will not have means to meet the demands
upon the Treasury. In the absence of what has
occurred here, this could be disputed. Butsince
we have passed these large appropriations, many
of which I did not stop to enumerate—for instance,
that for the purchase of public grounds here,
$166,000 estimated, which I understand the Sen-
ator from Virginia thinks will cost a very much
larger sum—I say, sir, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is hero asking an.increase of duties, and telling
you that he cannot meet the public demands with-
out it. I therefore am not willing to be put m the
position of making an issue with the Secretary.
He takes the view that I do.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I think I can
show the Senator from Pennsylvania that he lias
done great injustice to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury in his account of the estimates of that officer.
Before doing so, I will remind him that wc are
not now asking to increase the public debt at all.
We are only asking a change of the form of it.
Instead of Treasury notes, we ask to fund it. If
Congress were to prefer it, and choose to reissue
the Treasury notes, I should be entirely willing.
The question of indebtedness is not affected one
cent by the particular form in which the debt is
represented. When we ask to increase the debt of
the country in order to get along, it will be time
enough for him to present such arguments. We
do not pretend this, for we believe, and we be-
lieve on the estimates of the Secretary of theTreas-
ury,thatif we keep within his estimates, or-do
not exceed them by a very large amount, we shall
be able to carry on this Government, and pay its
current expenses during the next year.
Now, sir, to show how the Senator has treated
the Secretary of the Treasury in his representa-
tion of his estimates, he says nothing of this
clause in his report in which he declares that "this
last amount," that is the balance of $3,530,1.96,
" will be increased to the extent ofthe unexpended
appropriations for the next fiscal year, which may
remain in the Treasury undrawn on the 30th of
June, 1861," by which the Secretary distinctly
admits that there will be such an amou nt—he does
not state what it will be—which will increase this
balance. I say what it will probably be, because
all Secretaries of (he Treasury have been in the
habit of estimating that they will carry over to
the succeeding year as large an amount of unex-
pended balances as they drew from the preced-
ing year. The amount which the Secretary ex-
pects to draw from the preceding year to the
next fiscal year is $12,250,000. It is fair to esti-
mate that he will carry over to the next year
that amount; and when you come to add that
$12,250,000 to the $3,530,000, you have a surplus
of something like sixteen million dollars, and that
is the surplus which the Secretary ofthe Treas-
ury estimates upon the scheme of expenditure
which he has recommended.
But, sir, I will go further. Is it probable that
we shall spend more next year than this? Ought
wc to spend more ?
Mr. BIGLER. If the Senator will allow me,
just at that point, I desire to make a remark; for
I want to understand it right. I have had, my-
self, some experience on this very question of
unexpended balances of appropriations, and I
have noticed how often they have confused ac-
counts. 1 am not caring to discuss the question
what the condition of the Treasury will be at any
period in the year; because-that relates simply to
the machinery. I said to the Senator before, that
there would be a balance of appropriations unex-
pended, at the close of the year 1861. What ap-
propriations will these bo? A part nf what we
make this year, naturally and necessarily; but
that fact does not affect the case at all, when you
come down to the simple inquiry, are the ordinary
receipts of the Government paying the ordinary
expenditures ? These balances run on into each
year.
One moment further. I will ask the Senator tcr
answer me candidly, whether any year since 1S5G
he could not have made precisely the same point
on me. I was taking the actual balance left when
the Secretary had made his estimate, irrespective
of the unexpended balances of appropriation.
The Senator from Virginia would have said:
" why, you must add to that all the amount un-
expended, and that shows you the condition of
the Treasury." That is mere machinery that runs
along; and yet I will take the reports of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury since, and show every
year a large deficiency, ranging first, in 1838,
$26,000,001); in 1859, $17,000,000; and I will show
an actual deficiency m this year, I think, beyond
all controversy. I do not recognize, and I cannot
perceive, why the Senator from Virginia should
ask us to strike a balance at any particular period
in the Treasury, as meeting the point which I j
make; and certainly, so far as the particular form j
is concerned, the Senator does not understand me !
as saying this is a proposition to create a public !
debt. The debt exists. What I have said is, .
that the House of Representatives sent it here in j
connection with a measure to provide the means ■
to wipe that debt out; and theiefore I wanted the
two considered together.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator says that if I
were to charge him with any calculations of un-
expended balances of his administration of his
Commonwealth, as I understand him, I should j
do him injustice; and asks me if I would make
points on him in regard to thatmatter. I certainly
would not, for I have always understood that he
administered the affairs of that good old Common-
wealth with great ability and skill; but I will say
in regard to the affairs of this Treasury, of which
I know something more than I do of that of Penn-
sylvania, that if the Senator will not take into con-
sideration tjiese outstanding balances, he differs
from every Secretary of the Treasury whom I
have ever Known, for they always do estimate it
in presenting the account of the probable expendi-
ture. We all know that it is fair to presume that
they will pass over as much to the next year as
they took from the preceding year; and therefore,
in order to ascertain what is to be the probable
expenditure, the Secretary says §66,700,000, in-
cluding these unexpended balances; and we must
deduct these outstanding balances to see what the
actual amount will be. But I was proposing to
present the subject in another shape, in order to
show the Senator'from Pennsylvania that I was
right.
Mr. BIGLER. One moment. Does not the Sec-
retary say, that when he pays off the Post Office
deficiencies, and the amount necessary to meet
certain treaties, this deficiency is upon us? It be-
longs to the years 1859 and 1860. It is upon us
now. When he pays that $10,360,000, itexhausts
that amount now in the Treasury.
Mr. HUNTER.' Tlie Senator does not under-
stand the Secretary; and if he will allow me to go
on without interrupting me, I think I shall show
him so.
Mr. BIGLER. Sofaras thispointisconcerned,
I am perfectly willing to defer it until the tariff
bill'comes up.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish the Senator would de-
fer it. I invited him to do so, but he would not.
Now, sir, to show that the Secretary never said
so, he says" this lastamount" of $3,530,000, be-
ing the balancc on hand, "will be increased to the
extent of the unexpended appropriations for the
next fiscal year." I said that I would present the
subject in another point of view, in order to show
the Senator that lie was wrong in regard to the
Secretary's estimate of expenditure.
I ask, is it reasonable to suppose that we shall
expend more next year than this ? Ought we to
do so ? For this year we not only havo had to
carry on the currcntcxpenses of the Government,
but we have had to pay $4,500,000 of old Post
Office debt. Is it not fair to say that wo ought
not to expend more next year than we do this ?
Well, what do we spend this year? The Secre-
tary tells us we expend in the first quarter
$20,007,174, including, as I said before,a techni-
cal expenditure of $4,664,366 for the redemption
of Treasury notes, leaving the actual expendi-
ture $15,342,806. I procured fl'om the Depart-
ment a statement of the actual expenditures of
the other three quarters, up to the 26th of May,
and they amounted to thirty-nine million dollars
and a fraction. He then estimated that the prob-
able expenditure for the residue of the time—the
month and four days—would be $5,000,000, or
at the rate of $60,000,000 a year, which made
$44,000,000 for the remaining three quarters, and
that gave an expenditure for this year of
$59,381,162. This sum of $59,331,162 is com-
posed in part of $4,500,000 of old Post Office debt,
which he has paid, so that the current expendi-
ture is between fifty-four and fifty-five million
dollars.
Now, sir, when I come to take from his esti-
mate of" the annual expenses $66,714,000, and
deduct the outstanding balances of appropriation,
$12,000,000,1 getbetween fifty-four and fifty-five
million dollars.
But let me take it in another way, to show that
I am not wrong. In his annual estimates, the
Secretary says the appropriations, unless Con-
gress exceeds the estimates, wiil be fifty-one mil-
lion dollars and a fraction, not including interest
on the public debt, which is about three and a
half million dollars, the result of which would be
that we should still get fiom that mode of state-
ment an actual expenditure this year of between
fifty-four and fifty-five million dollars. But let
us take the actual expenditure, including the pay-
ment of the old Post Office debt—$59,381,000 for
this year. Suppose we expend no more next year:
that would make about one hundred and eighteen
million eight hundred thousand dollars for the
two years. Deduct that from his estimated two
years' receipts,$138,000,000, and it would give us
more than I stated—$20,000,000 of surplus.
