1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
I have been presenting: the subject in the worst
form, according to the Secretary's estimate. I
argue from his data. I have means of knowing
rnyself. I have more, trust in his estimates than
other Senators seem to have, for I think he came
very near, not only in the last year but in this.
He estimated $5.(5,00.0,000 of receipts from cus-
toms. He got $54,000,000.; and that in the face
of the great financial revulsion in the Northwest,
who are consuming to so small an extent just
now. I say it was a very creditable estimate. It
was a wonderfully near approximation to the.real
stft^e of things. But I deduct from his statement
Pj381,000 that he supposes he is going to fall
short, and I add that to lus estimates of next
year's revenue, which gives us $138,262,423.
Then lake §72,037,000 for this year, which can
hardly be said to be problematical now, and
§60,225,000 is his estimate for next year. Then
tlio two estimates together make$138,262,000. He
will spend for this year, we know, §59,331,000, or
about that amount. If we allow him to expend
as much, and no more, next year, there will be
$118,000,000, which, subtracted from the other
sum t have just stated, would give us near twenty
million dollars surplus; and we know, in addition
to-that, that the §59,000,000 includes that debt of
which 1 have been speaking; which shows that
the real expenditure for the current expenses of
the Government this year will be a little over
fifty-four million dollars—between fifty-four and
fifty-five million.
1 say, that, with that statement, I was right
year before last, when I said that after tile issue
of stock in addition to Treasury notes, with the
means then provided, the current revenue would
enable the Government to get along. So it has.
It did last year, and we know it will this. There
is every probability now that this year will end
with a surplus of between six and seven million
dollars. But if, ill order to evade that, gentlemen
eay this expendituie will go into the next year,
then I take tin; two years together—the two years'
estimated receipts, and the two years' estimated
expenditures—and 1 find that, by taking it in that
way, we get a surplus of not less than twelve
million dollars, and perhaps reaching to sixteen
million dollars. If we take the calculation in the
most favorable manner for those who are to con-
duct the Government, it would be nearer twenty
million dollars. But suppose there were either
sixteen-or twelve million dollars: that would still
Seave us a sum to carry on the Government, pay
the current expenses, and provide the appropria-
tions to which the Senator from Pennsylvania
has alluded.
But, sir, I never meant to say that the revenue
which we now have, and the means we now have
of supplying the Treasury, would answer any
scale of expenditure. I know it will not. I know
Congress may appropriate such an amount that
it will not; but 1 say, they ought not so to appro-
priate; and I say, when it comes to that, one of
the means of preventing it is to keep the revenue
low, and that it is a political necessity, when you
see that coming upon you, to reduce it. It was
that which made Congress, with almost unanim-
ity, reduce the revenue which was coming in from
the tariff of 184G; because they saw that it was
leading to extravagant expenditures. Under that
system of revenue, with a surplus that was so
large in the Treasury, the Government was em-
barked in an extravagant scale of expenditure,
and the work of curtailment was obliged to be a
work of time. We had to provide for the obliga-
tions which were made, and liabilities which were
incurred, at a time when we had an abundant
revenue. We had to carry on the Government, in
the mean time. We had to do this in the face of
& severe financial crisis—of a disturbance of the
whole credit system of the world—in 1857. We
have done it, sir. We have done it with some
addition to the debt of the country, made neces-
sary by that crisis, but which would have been
necessary no matter what system of revenue you
might have had; and I say that each year as it
goes on shows that our means of meeting the ex-
penditures of the Government are increased; and
if they could force us to some curtailment and
some economy, it would not be objectionable on
that account.
Mr. BIGLER. A single remark to my friend
from Virginia. When this question comes up on
the tariff, I intend to present the tables which I
have prepared. I shall present them, believing
every one of them to be accurate. I have under-
taken to divest this whole question of complica-
cations, and all the machinery, and show each
year the money that was realized from ordinary
sources, permanent sources, and the ordinary or
permanent expenditures, without any reference
whatever to your loan; arid I tell him now that f
shall show that in 1858,1859 and 1860, each year
there was a clear deficiency—of courseeverybody
knows a.very large one in 1858 and 1859, but a
deficiency also for the year about to terminate;
and I think I can show that a deficiency is inev-
itable at the close of the year 1861. 1 make this
declaration in advance in no spirit of vanity. The
Senator from Virginia knows me better than that;
and he knows how much I rcspect all his v-iews;
but I must express my amazement that the Sen-
ator from Virginia can imagine a case that would
; leave a surplus of sixteen or twenty million in
i our Treasury at the end of the next year.
I Mr. WINTER. It is not imaginary. I take
j the Secretary's figures.
I Mr. BIGLER. Just look at it. We get about
! fifty-three and a half million dollars atthe outside
i from customs, §1,800,000 from public lands, and
! ^2,225,000 from miscellaneous sources. Then
; how can sucha thing be? Deduct your§20,000,000
! and you will see that it is impossible to bring the
expenditures of this Government down to any
such point as that. No, sir, your expenses will
exceed your revenue; you may do the best you
can in the way of reform, and you will not have
a dollar to pay the public debt. Then, sir, if my
calculation was entirely wrong, and if I was re-
quired, in making the account, to include as ur-
plus of $12,000,01)0 at the close of the year, 1 ask
my friend from Virginia to tell me why the Sec-
retary should have suggested an increase of du-
ties and an increase of revenue, if you appropriated
any money above his estimates. The Secretary
proves my position, that the unexpended appro-
priations have no connection with the appropri-
ations for the incoming year for which he makes
j his estimate. There is a balance of unexpended j
j appropriations that always exists. If the Sena
I tor from Virginia can convict me of error, he ne-
j cessanly convicts the Secretary of the Treasury;\
\ because, if his ground is right, there-will be that |
j whole £12,000,000 at the end of 1861, and there- !
I fore the Secretary could nothave said, " you must ;
| devise means or we cannot pay a dollar beyond
ordinary expenses." Now, 1 tell my friend trom
Virginia that that calculation of the Secretary ex-
hausts every dollar there is, and more.
Mr. HUNTER. The Secretary does not say
so himself.
Mr. BIG.LER. Very well, sir; the Secretary
says, in rectVtftitingthe appropriations of the year,
as he ought to and did do, there will be *>3,530,000
left. That was based upon his estimate from cus-
toms and other sources, which has fallen short
^3,380,000 as the Senator himself says. That
alone exhaustshim; that terminates the operation
of the year; and it is too clear for dispute, that if
I am required to include $12,000,000 now—I do
not mean counting the prac'.ical opeiation of the
machinery; but ill order to ascertain exactly what
you are doing—I am required at the end of the
year to account for the balance in the Treasury of
unexpended appropriations. The Secretary tells
you there are over $12,000,000 of appropriations
made by law not paid; and when the year term-
inates there will probably be the same amount not
paid, but they will all be paid; and when you
have done that at the close of each year, the fact
which I allege will be apparent on the record, and
that is, that you are in debt.
Mr. TOOMBS. I simply want to make one
statement in reference to the postage matter which
has been referred to. I have not got the return
of last year, but 1 remember the statement which
I made; and not only did I satisfy the Senator
from Pennsylvania of it, but he said so._ At all
events, I wtli look to his spcech and sec it. Last
year he had a statement in his speech of the postol
receipts of five years, and in that way worked out
a surplus in Pennsylvania; but upon that very
year there was .a deficiency there. This was no
conjecture; it was no mistake of figures; it was
an official report of how much was received, and
ho w much the letters cost in his State, and through-
out every State in the Union—a list made every
year. It is not a question of any other calcula-
tion; because,if there is any more money ever •
collected, it is stolen. • __
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. ..Will the Sen-
ator allow me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir; I shall not occupy
two minutes myself,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I only want -
part of that two minutes, that I may he able to .
assist the gentleman; and I must insist on his'
allowingit. It wants now but about tenor twelve
minutes of the time at which we are compelled -to ;
take a recess,and I suggest thatwe take the vote
now.
Mr. TOOMBS. I shall not speak as long as
the Senator has done. -
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. - But you ntay
provoke speakijigih others.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 will go on-with what I wanted'
to state, and I could be done in the time the Sen-
ator has interrupted me. The official statement
shows that there are but three States in the Union, •
and the District of Columbia, in whicli there is an
execss of postal receipts over expenditures. In
regard to this District, the reason is that it>is net
charged with any transportation^ and six hundred1
and forty-two thousand stamps were sold, and
$6,000 received in postage. Massachusetts and ••
New York, according to the returns, pay their
expenses, because the foreign postage comes in
at Boston and New York. Over two hundred
thousand dollars of foreign'postage is credited to
Massachusetts, and has been paid to England knd
other countries. The whole foreign and Califor-
nia postage received-at New-York is put to the
credit of "New York. Besides, Tfew York and
Boston are marts-for the sale of stamps; one for
New England, and the other for the country gen-
erally. Boston sells fivchundred thousand stamps,
which are put to her credit, and New York one
million one hundred thousand. These States and
Rhode Island are the only ones where there is an
apparent excess of receipts over expenditures.
Mr. BIGLER. In order to waive all difficulty
or dispute between the Senator from Georgia and
myself, when this question was up at the last ses-
sion, I made this proposition, which I thir.k he
neither considered nor answered, that 1 would
waive the whole question of income from the
postages, and make my case perfectly good with-
out counting that. He may have taken the im-
pression that I therefore conceded his point, but
I make out my case by the expenditures alone,
without taking into consideration the receipts.
Mr. TOOMBS. I tell the Senator I am not
arguing that question.
Mr. BIGLER. On the data of the population
and the expenditures in the several States, I make
out the case, so that it cannot be met or denied.
Mr. TOOMBS. I was upon a matter of fact.
The facts are entirely before me. There are but.
three States which, accoiding to the official state-
ment, pay their postal expenses—Rhode Island,
New Yoiic, and Massachusetts. Rhode Island,
having a very small territory, is charged with
little or no transportation. The mails carried
from New York by steame.r arc charged elsewhere.
The charge to Rhode Island is a small matter—
$9,000. These facts ai'e shown by the record.
In the District of Columbia the case is very much
the same as in Rhode Island, for there is no charge
for transportation; but these are the only cases-
where, according to the official returns, the re-
ceipts equal the expenditures. I have sent for
the speech; I cannot lay my hand on it now; but
I think the Senator expressly admitted my cor-
rectness. There is no question about it. The
fact is shown by the record that they were alt
deficient.
Mr. WILSON. I move that we take a recess
until six o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order is,
that the Senate take a recess ut four o'clock.
Mr. FES8ENDEN. The' Senator has son 
remarks to make, and his proposition only anti-
cipates the recess by ten minutes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Before putting-
the question, the Chair will present a House bill,
for the purpose of reference.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 665) to amend an act ap-
proved February 5, 1859, entitled " An act P1'?"
viding for keeping and distributing all public
I documents, and for other purposes," was read
