THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C,
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1859.
New Series No. 2,' i
she has been extremely selfish—so selfish, indeed, that she
has lobbed posterity of its natural, inalienable rights. From
the period of the formation of the Government down to the
present moment, her policy has been downright suicidal,
and, as a mattei of course, wholly indefensible. She has
hugged a viper to her breast; her whole system has been
paralyzed, her conscience is seared, and still holding in her
embrace the cause of her shame and suffering, she is be-
coming callous to every principle of justice and magnanim-
ity. Except among the non-slaveholders, who, beside being
kept in the grossest ignorance, are under the restraint of all
manner of iniquitous laws, patriotism has almost ceased to
exist within her holders. And here we desire to be dis-
tinctly understood, for we shall have occasion to refei to
this matter again. We repeat, therefore, the substance of
our averment, that, at this day, there is scarcely a grain of
puie patriotism in the South, except among the non-slave-
holders.
The North too Scrupulous—the Theory that John Brown
Practiced.—With regard to the unnatural and demoraliz-
ing system of slavery, w<  believe the majority of northern
people are too scrupulous. They seem to think that it is
enough for them to be mere Frcc-Soilers, to keep in check
the diffusive element of slavery, and to prevent it from
crossing over the bounds within which it is now regulated
by municipal law. Remiss in their national duties, as we
contend, they make no positive attack upon the institutions
in the southern States. ******
Did they not, in " the days that tried men's souls" strike
as hard blows to secure the independence of Georgia as
they did in defending the liberties of Massachusetts, and is
it not notoriously true that the Toryism of South Carolina
prolonged the war two years at least? Is it not, moreover,
equally true, that the oligarchs of South Carolina have been
unmitigated pests and boies to the General Government
ever since it was organized, and that the free and consci-
entious people of the North are virtually excluded from
her soil in consequence of slavery? It is a well known and
incontestable fact that the northern States furnished about
two thirds of all the American troops engaged in the revo-
lutionary war; and, though they were neither moie nor
less brave or patiiotic than then fellow soldiers of the
South, yet, inasmuch as the independence of our country
was mainly secured by virtue of their numerical strength,
we think they ought to consider it not only tneir right but
their duty to make a firm and decisive effoit to save the
States which they fought to free fiom falling under the
yoke of a worse tyianny than that which oveishadowed
them under the icign of King George the Thiid. Freemen
of the North! we earnestly entreat you to think of these
things! Hitherto, as mere tree-soileis, you have approached
but half way to the line of your duty; now, for your own
sakes and foi ours, and for the purpose of peipctuating this
great Republic, which your fathers and ourfatheis founded
in septennial streams of blood, we ask you, in all serious-
ness, to organize yourselves as one man, under the banners
of liberty, and to aid us m exterminating slavery, which is
the only thing that militates against our complete aggran-
dizement as a nation. In this extiaordinaiy crisis of affairs,
no man can be a true patriot without first becoming an
Abolitionist.
The Non-Slaveholders to Strike for Treason.—Non-slavo-
lioldeis of the South, farmeis, mechanics, and working-
men, we take this occasion to assure you that the slave-
holdmg politicians whom you have elected to offices of
honor and profit have hoodwinked you, trifled with you,
and used you as mere tools for the consummation of their
wicked designs. * * * * * * *
Now, as one of your own number, we appeal to you to
join us in our earnest arid timely efforts to rescuc the gen-
erous soil of the South from the usurped and desolating
control of these political vampires. Once and torcver, at
least so far as this country is concerned, the infernal ques-
tion of slavery must be disposed of; a speedy and absolute
abolishment of the whole system is the true policy of the
South—and this is the policy which we propose to pursue.
Will you aid us ? will you assist us? will you be freemen,
or will you be slaves? ***** *
Do not reserve the strength of your arms until you shall
have been tendered powerless to strike ; the present is the
proper tune for action; under all the circumstances, apathy
or indifference is a crime. First ascertain, as nearly as you
can, the precise nature and extent of your duty, and then,
without a moment's delay, perform it in good faith. To
facilitate you in determining what considerations of right,
justice, and humanity requne at your hands, is one of the
primaiy objects of this work; and" we shall certainly fail in
our desiie if wc do not accomplish our task in a manner
acceptable to God and advantageous to man.
Revolution—Peacefully if we can, Violently if we must.—
Now, sirs, we ask you, in all seriousness, is it not apparent
that you have filched trom us nearly live times the amount
of the assessed value of your slaves? Why, then, do you
still clamor for moie? Is it your purpose to make the game
perpetual ? Think you that we will ever continue to bow
at the wave of your wand, that we will bring humanity
into everlasting disgrace by licking the hand that smites us,
and that with us there is no point beyond which forbear-
ance ccases to be a virtue ? Sirs, if these be your thoughts
you are laboring under a most fatal delusion. You can
goad us no further; you shall oppress us no longer; here-
tofore, earnestly, but submissively, we have asked you to
redress the more atrocious outrages which you have per-
petrated against us; but what has been the invariable fate
of our petitions ? With scarcely a perusal, with a degree
of contempt that added insult to injury, you have laid them
on the table, and from thence they have been swept mto
the furnace of oblivion. Henceforth, sirs, we are demand-
ants, not suppliants. We demand our rights; nothing more,
nothing less. It is for you to decide whether we are to
have justice peaceably or by violence, for whatever conse-
quences may follow, we are determined to have it one way
or the other.
The Banner to Stand or Die by.—Inscribed on the ban-
ner which we herewith unfurl to the world, with the full and
fixed determination to stand by it or die by it, unless one
of more virtuous efficacy shall be presented, are the mot-
toes which, in substance, embody the principles, as we
conceive, that should govern us in our patriotic warfare
against the most subtle and insidious foe that ever men-
aced the inalienable rights and liberties and dearest inter-
ests ot America:
1. Thorough organization and independent political ac-
tion on the part of the non-slaveholding whites of the
South.
2. Ineligibility of pro-slavery slaveholders; never another
vote to anyone who advocates the retention and perpetua-
tion of human slavery.
3. No cooperation with pro-slavery politicians; no fel-
lowship with them in religion; no affiliation with them m
society.
4. No patronage to pro-slavery merchants; no guestship
in slave-waiting hotels; no fees to pro-slavery lawyers; no
employment of pio-slavery physicians; no audience to pro-
slavery parsons.
5. No more hiring of slaves by non-slaveholders.
6. Abiupt discontinuance of subscription to pro-slavery
newspapers.
7. Tlie greatest possible encouragement to free white
labor.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I have had that
document read in order that the country, as well
as this body, might be informed of the position
held by certain gentlemen of the Republican party,
and especially by those who have been recom-
mended for the Speakership of this House. The
extracts which have been read are in substance
true extracts from the book itself, which is m the
House. Those extracts have been examined and
marked. It appears by those extracts that nearly
all the Republican members of the last Congress,
and certain members of the present, recommended
certain things to the non-slaveholders of the South;
and among them 11011-fellowship, either socially or
politically, with slaveholders. If such be the
purpose of the gentlemen of this House, who
signed that paper, let me ask, has it indeed come to
this, that gentlemen of the North, who live under
institutions secured to them by the Constitution of
their country, which institutions we have never
attempted to invade; that gentlemen living in a
bond of union, and under a Constitution which
has cost so-much blood, and so much treasure;
and under which, by the cooperation of both North
and South, our country has grown to its present
strength and importance—has it come to this, that
they have got their own consent, and expect the
country will agree to it, to advise those of the
South who do not happen to own slaves, to rise
in rebellion, and to destroy the slave interest,
first by non-intercourse in religion or socially and
politically; and then by advising them not to wait
to strike the blow until their arms are powerless,
but to exterminate the odious institution, peace-
ably if they can, forcibly if they must?
Such are the doctrines recommended by the
paper which was signed by at l^isttwo members .
of this House who have been recommended by j
the Republicans for the Speakership.
Now, if we are a common country; if we sit
here to deliberate under the stars and stripes of
our beloved country, claiming a common Consti-
tution and looking to a common end; if wc are
descended from the same great ancestry who
fought together the battles of the Revolution, are
we to be thus insulted, thus trampled upon, and
thus subjected to civil war? Are we to have these
appeals made to the baser passions of our nature;
and is the country to be crushed and degraded by
having placed in the chair,filled by the great Clay
and Winthrop, and other lights whose political
science and intelligence have radiated over this
whole Union, a man who has signed such an in-
cendiary recommendation? Sir, do these gentle-
men suppose thatslaveholders, who have won the
confidence of their constituents, and who have
been sent here to assist in making laws and pre-
serving the Constitution and keeping the Govern-
ment intact, feel themsclvcshonored by their asso-
ciation? Iftheydo,theyare greatly deceived. We
have been on terms ofpersonal intimacy with them.
Every gentleman on the other side of the House
who knows me, knows that my intercourse with
them has been marked with the utpnost urbanity.
I have met Representatives in this Hall, coming
from all parts of this country, as my compeers 113
every relation of life. But can I continue to dp
so, except gentlemen disclaim having advised, my
constituents—half of whom are non-slaveholders
—to have no intercourse with me; not to visit the
Church where I worship; to strike down and os-
tracize slaveholding ministers; to abandon hotels
where there are slave-waiters; to discontinue pat-
ronage to the newspapers and literature that are
conducted by slaveholders? If they expect to
play that game, the sooner it is'avowed or dis- '
claimed, the better.
I put the question to the North. How would
they like us to say to the North that their forests
—which they say are so profitable—their work
shops, their mines, and their branches of industry
are not well managed, and that we could use them
more profitably than they ? What is the recom-
mendation there? It is, that the wealth of the
South shall be dedicated to the North; that, as the
southern citizens manage their wealth badly, and
cannot get the full yield of their forests, as the
Yankees do, who sell their timber and burn the
limbs into ashes to make potash, and manure their
ground with the stumps, the South shall.be dp-
prived of her resources because her. farmers see
proper not to do this, or to live in this picayune
manner,- but prefer to fill their barns with the "pro-
ducts of the soil? These gentlemen come in and
say that the riches of the South are neglected by
the bad management of the South; that the ac-
cursed plague of slavery does it; and that, there-
fore, non-slaveholders at the South should rise in
their majesty—peaceably if they can, forcibly if
they must—take their arms, subdue the slave-
holders, drive out the plague of slavery, take
possession of the country, and dedicate it to free
labor.
That is the sentiment in the book which these
gentlemen recommend to have circulated gratui-
tously all over the South. Arc such men fit to
preside over the destinies of our common coun-
try ? Can the South expect from such men the
maintenance of the integrity of'the Constitution?
Our slave property is as much our property under *
the Constitution, and under the guarantees of this
Government, as any property held at the North.
Whether it is sinful to nold slaves, whether slavery
is a plague and a loss, and whether it will affect
our future destiny, is our own business. Wc
suffer for that, and not they. Wc ask none of
their prayers. We need none of them. If we
were m need of them, and if the only way to
escape future punishment and misery were to re-
ceive benefit from the prayers of those who signed
that recommendation, J should expect, after death,
to sink into the nethermost hell. [Laughter.] Do
gentlemen cxpcct that they can distribute incen-
diary books, give incendiary advice, advise rebel-
lion, advise non-intercourse in all the relations of
life, spread such works broadcast over the coun-
try, and not be taken to task for it? I presume
that the South has sufficient self-respect; that it
understands the effect of its institutions well
enough; that it has its rights, and dares to main-
tain them.
Sir, I regard this as u dark period in the history
of our country. As I stated yesterday, in all the
divisions that have heretofore taken place in the
country, we have always had a conservative spirit
and a kind sentiment existing, North and South,
strong enough to prevent men taking on them-
selves the responsibility of asking any portion of
our common country to rebel against its laws and
institutions.
Such advice is treason; such advice is rebellion,
and the men who give it, understanding die scope
and purport of their advice, and who design to
carry that treason and that rebellion into effect,
deserve a fate which it would not be respectful for
me to announce in this House.
In the formation of this Government, we en-
tered into a bond of union and made a written
Constitution. By that Constitution the slavehold-
er in the South is secured in his right of property;
