THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June IB,
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the Library.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Cleik, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled joint
resolutions; which thereupon received the signa-
ture of the President pro tempore-:
A joint resolution (S. No. 5) for supplying
the Choctaw, Cherokee, and Chickasaw nations
with such copies of the laws, journals, and pub-
lic printed documents as are furnished to the
States and Territories;
A joint resolution (S. No. 34) in relation to the
works of the exploring expedition; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 35) providing for
the observation of the eclipse of the sun, which
will occur on the 18th day of July next,
BILLS BECOME XAVTS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Buchanan, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had approved and
signed, on the 12th-instant, the following acts:
A bill (S. No, 252) to incorporate the Grand
Lodge of the Independent Order of Odd Fellows
of the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 261) to authorize the levy court
to issue tavern and other licenses in the District
of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 202) to reimburse the corpora-
tion of Georgetown, m the District of Columbia,
a sum of money advanced towards the construc-
tion of the Little Falls bridge; and
A bill (S. No. 228) for the relief of Valentine
Wehrheim.
He also approved and signed, this day, the fol-
lowing acts:
A bill (S. No. 385) to incorporate the propri-
etors of Prospect Hill Cemetery;
A bill (S. No. 426) to dissolve the Washington's
Manual Labor School and Male Orphan Asylum
Society of the District of Columbia, and to au-
thorize the transfer of its effects to the Columbian
Institution for the instruction of the Deaf and
Dumb and the Blind.
STEWART \V. MEGOWAN.
Mr. POWELL asked, and obtained, leave to
introduce a joint resolution (S. No. 43) to cor-
rect a clerical error in the act approved May 4,
1860, " for the relief of Stewart McGowan," and
it was read twice.
Mr. POWELL. I ask unanimous consent to
have the joint resolution passed now. [" No ob-
jection.")
The joint resolution was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to correct the
clerical error in the <c Act for the relief of Stewart
McGowan," approved May 4,1860, by inscitmg
therein the name of " Stewart W. Megowan," in
place of the name " Stewart McGowan."
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate/,
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
The Senate took a recess until six o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at six o'clock.
THOMAS It. LIVINGSTON.
Mr. POLK. I wish to call up a little bill which
has been reported from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, for the relief of Thomas
R. Livingston.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The appropri-
ation bill is still pending on the amendment offered
by the Senator from Virginia, and it will require
unanimous consent to entertain the motion.
Mr. POLK. I ask unanimous consent, as the
Senate is not yet quite full.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Missouri asks the unanimous consentof the
Senate to take up the bill of the House of Rep-
resentatives, No. 553. is there objection?
Mr. FOOT. What is it for?
Mr. POLK. I will state briefly. ItisaPIouse
bill, and the report from the committee of the
House, which report has been indorsed, or rather
the bill has been reported by the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads of the Senate,
shows that this gentleman bid for a contract on
rqute number eleven thousand and" something,
and he, being an illiterate man, got another man
to write his bid, and the other man, by mistake,
wrote his bicFfor about twice as long a route as he
intended to bid for. A bill was passed at the last
session for his relief, but it failed at the close of
the session. He has gone on and carried the mail
on the whole line, and pays the entire amount of
compensation he receives to another party for per-
forming service on another portion of the route.
It was before the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads of the House, and they reported
in his favor. It has been referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads in this body,
and they have also reported in favor of him.
Mr. FOOT. How much ?
Mr. POLK. The bill can be read.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be no
objection the bill will be read.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then it must
lie over.
ISAAC S. SMITH.
Mr. SIMMONS. I ask the Senate to take up
the motion of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Pugii,]
to reconsider the vote referring a case to the Court
of Claims.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to entertain the motion.
Mr. SIMMONS. I only wish to reconsider
the vote so that we can bring the papers back and
have them open to the Senate. 1 ask the Senate
to take up the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the bill in reference to Isaac S. Smith was
sent to the Court of Claims. If it is reconsidered,
we can have the papers heie to act on them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Did the Sen-
ator vote with the majority?
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator from Ohio moved
the reconsideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there ob-
jection?
Mr. LANE. I object.
Mr. SIMMONS. You do not object to the
reconsideration?
Mr. LANE. I understand the case exactly.
Mr. SIMMONS. This is only to bring the
papers back.
Mr. LAN.$. Let them stay with the Court of
Claims.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION "BILL.
The Senate lesumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 339) making appropriation for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government, for the year ending the 30th of June,
1861, the pending question being on the/amend-
ment offered by Mr. Hunter from ihejfcommit-
tee on Finance in regard to a loan,
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, uf some of
the remarks which have falien from the Senator
from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] I feel it my duty
to reply. That Senator holds the Republicans
responsible for the increase of expenditures under
the present Administration. Yes, sir, the Repub-
licans, a minority in Congress, utterly powerless,
are held by the Senator from Georgia responsible
for the extravagant expenditures of a Democratic
Administration. Can assumption go further? I
tell that Senator here and now, that during the
present Administration, the appropriations made
even by a Democratic Congress have not equaled
the requirements of the Administration itself; that
the demands made in the President's messages, m
the reports of the Secretaries, in the estimates
sent in to committees, in each and every year, have
exceeded the appropriations made by Congress,
lavish as those appropriations have been. Has
the Senator forgotten the millions saved to the
Treasury by the prompt refusal of Congress to
increase the Army and Navy, ns recommended by
the President and the Secretaries of War and
Navy? Has that Senator forgotten the millions
saved to the Treasury by the refusal of Congress
to give the President authority asked for to march
the Army into the northern States of Mexico?
Has he forgotten the defeat of the coveted thirty
million for the acquisition of Cuba? Has he for-
gotten the stern iesistance of the Republicans of
Congress and of the country to these extrava-
gant schemes of the Administration Democracy
to squander the public money? I commend him
to the reexamination of the messages of the Exec-
utive, the reports of the Secretaries, and the com-
munications sent by the officials of the Depart-
ments. The examination will disclose to theSen-
ator the fact that this Democratic Administration
has, jiirectly or indirectly, during each and every,
year of its existence, demanded of Congiess ap-
propriations larger than the entire appropriations
of Congress. If the Senator from Georgia will ex-
amine the records of Congress, he will find that
millions asked for in messages, reports, or com-
munications to committees, have been defeated by
the votes of the Republican members he now
charges with voting for extravagant appropri-
ations-.
Now, sir, the estimates have been made by the
Secretary of the Treasury for the present year.
The House of Representatives, that may be sup-
posed to reflect the will of the Republican party,
has passed several appropriation bills;and the bills
they have passed, upon which we have acted and
which have gone back to them, did not equal
the estimates of the Treasury Department by
$1,000,000. The House of Representatives, in the
appropriation bills sent to us, cut down the esti-
mates of the Administration $1,800,000. These
bills came here, sir, and we, the Senate of the
United States, with a Democratic majority, with
the committees organized so as to give the Dem-
ocratic party full and absolute power, have in-
creased these appropriations upon the bills already
passed §6,251,367 91. The House reduced the
estimates of the Treasury Department §1,800,000
on these bills, and the Senate added to them
$6,251,000; being about four and a half million
dollars more than the Departments estimated for.
Upon the present bill now pending before us we
have added $133,000 to the bill as it came from
the House. How much more we shall add I do
not know. We added upon the miscellaneous
bill, which was earned through under the lead of
the Senator from Georgia, $2,422,478 28. The
Committee on Finance came in here with a pro-
posed increase of $1,680,000 to that bill. The
Senator from Georgia carried it through here, and
the amendments proposed by the Finance Com-
mittee the Senator supported. In addition to the
$1,700,000 added by the Finance Committee, the
Senate put on some seven bundled thousand dol-
lars beside the appropriation in regard to the
lands around the Capitol, of which we do not know
the amount.
TJiese amendments were proposed here by com-
mittees; and all this sum of #6,334,000 added to
the House bills has been added on estimates made
by committees of this Senate—Democratic com-
mittees with Democratic majorities—and on esti-
mates made by the Democratic officers of the sev-
eral Departments in communications sent in here;
for hardly a Senator has risen to present an amend-
ment who has not said he had the estimate of the
officers of the Departments for the amounts pro-
posed; and 1 know that thousands of dollars for
which estimates have been sentm by the Depart-
ments have not been reported, and have not been
moved to the bills.
Now, sir, a word in regard to the proposition
before us. That we must pass a measure of this
character, cither in connection with the tariff or
without it, I suppose no one can doubt. These
notes become due in a few days. Their payment
must be provided for, whether we pass a tariff or
not; but it seems to me that this policy that has
been pursued under the lead of the Senator from
Virginia [Mr. Hunter] for the last three or four
years ought to be changed. When Congress as-
sembled in December, 1856, we had a large amount
in theTreasury—more than twenty million doliars.
There was a call made from all portions of the
country for a modification of the tariff, for the
purpose of reducing the amount of Government
funds on hand. The business men of the coun-
try believed that if tins tariff was not changed ; if
we continued to collect large amounts? of revenue
—amounts larger thau we expended—it would in-
terfere with the business of the country. Under
this state of affairs, the House of Representatives,
under the lead ofMr.Campbell, ofOhio,piepared
a tariff bill. That bill provided for a free list of
a large number of articles. Those articles were
generally articles of necessity, or they were arti-
cles that entered into the consumption of the coun-
try in the various manufacturing and mechanical
processes. That bill passed the House of Rep-
resentatives. It made a very large free list. It
reduced the annual receipts of the Government
some millions, it came to the Senate. It ex-
