18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
arid the fifteen slaveholding States have not only
the protection of the Constitution, but of the laws
in such States. How do the gentlemen who have
given this advice propose to obviate or rather ob-
literate that institution? Is it by repealing the
law? Is that proposed in their recommendation?
Is that in the programme? Not a word of it.
Docs the recommendation contemplate that public
sentiment is to be enlightened by discussion—
that the public mind is to be brought to a consid-
eration of the enormity of the institution? 'Is it
to be kept before the minds of the people until
the public will, expressed under the Constitution
of the country, shall repeal the laws establishing
the institution? Not at all. What is it? No
man can be a patriot until he is first an Aboli-
tionist. Wait not to strike the blow; now is the
time; now is tjie day of salvation; strike now.
Your arms will be powerless unless you strike
the blow now. Thatis the recommendation; that
is the advice, and I say it is advice to revolution. 1
say it is aft incipient movement of treason against
a common country.
What is further asked in that book recom-
mended by these gentlemen ? What is asked by
the gentleman who is nominated now to preside
over this House as Speaker, and expects to be
elected by the assistance of Representatives from
slaveholding constituencies ? They know they
cannot secure this election in any other way. I
appeal to gentlemen in this House representing
a slaveholding constituency if they arc prepared,
with these facts before them, to vote tor a man
who has advised their non-slavcholding constit-
uents not to worship with them, not to vote for
them, or hold any intercourse with them ? Is there
one ? If there is such a one, I do not envy his
situation, nor do 1 envy the constituency that
would sustain him in such a deed. I have no
fear that such a deed will ever be perpetrated.
None, sir.
Sir, if it is the purpose of the Republican party
to preserve their organization; if they have con-
fidence in their integrity and in the correctness of
their principles, they have shining lights in that
great party, men who aro competent to preside,
without selecting men who have united in that
recommendation. Give us a name clear of that
tstain; and you cannot go amiss in parties. There
is not any party in this House which has not
men m it more loyal to the Government, and
more friendly in their spirit, less hostile to any
portion of our people. The American party have
distinguished men, who could preside over this
House with great propriety, who have theability,
who arc conservative in spirit, who represent
loyal constituencies in this Union. Why not
select one from that number?
A Voice. Would you vote for him?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. 1 would, if I could
not do any better. We have also distinguished
Democrats; and, if not so odious to those gentle-
men who have concluded to advise our slaves to
msurrect, and to recommend non-intercourse on
the part of our citizens, cannot they select some
Democrat in this House who has won for himself
a name and a fame; who has given an earnest of
his love of the-country, of justice, of good order,
and of his ability to preside over our delibera-
tions? Surely, we have not so fallen. Surely,
we have not come down to the level that we are
to select a man who has signed a paper- advising
rebellion and treason; advising steps which will
result in insurrection; advising a portion of our
constituencies to chcclare non-fellowship with the
others, who would divide us asunder and destroy
an institution secured to us by the Constitution;
made by an ancestry that we arc all proud to re-
vert to as the most glorious ancestry that ever
adorned a deliberative council upon earth.
I make these remarks, Mr. Clerk, in order that
the country may know if the deed is to be done.
Sir, if the deed is to be done, if this country is to
witness the humiliating spectacle of a presiding
officer elected by this House who has struck a
blow at one half this Confederacy, of a presiding
officer, sworn to support the Constitution of the
United States, advising the dismemberment of the
Government, or steps which will lead to it; who,
when he takes the oath to support the Constitu-
tion of the United States which protects me and
my constituents in the right to their slaves, ad-
vises that that right shall be disregarded, and that
those men shall fake arms into their hand? irre-
spective of constitutional means. If that is t<3 be
done, I hope no slaveholding constituencies will
have any share in it. If that is to be done, I pray
that no conservative Democrat, or man from the
South, will engage in the deed.
Sir, Massachusetts has reared her monument
in honor of the Revolution. New York, the great
city and emporium of America, has been fed, has
been nurtured, strengthened, and enriched by the
products of the South. Maryland and other sea-
board States glory in the reflection that they have
been nurtured by their commerce, while we have
sent them our products; and an interchange has
taken place up to this good hour without any
such advice of insurrection, disunion, or non-fel-
lowship. Have we fallen upon such evil times
that when this House wishes to select a presiding
officer, there is no party here which can present
a candidate who is loyal to the Union and the
Constitution; but we must take one who has
thrown a firebrand into our midst, and whose ad-
vice, if taken, would drcnch one half of this Union
in blood?
Mr. Clerk, if this advice is taken, and if this
system is to be pursued; if gentlemen in this House
take upon themselves the responsibility which
gentlemen now m nomination have taken, does
any man suppose this Union can continue ? Can
it continue if we are not to have any intercourse,
religious, political, or social? Do we not know
that when that time comes, this Union cannot ex-
ist—that the Government will be destroyed? And
is there any one here who is willing to raise his
hand to destroy our Government by establishing
the precedent, which will be quoted as the darkest
period in the history of our country, of inaugu-
rating, in the organization of the House, a system
which strikes down the equality, the rights, and
the guarantees, under the Constitution, of fifteen
sovereign States of the Union? I pray not; 1
pray that such a thing may never happen.
If gentlemen on the other side want to elect a
Speaker from then midst, let them select one who
has kept aloof from the sort of thing I have re-
ferred to. Let them take another man than the
one they appear to have selected. Do not. let
them punish the country with their power. 1 ask
them not to discredit the Government by their
action. Do not let them strike terror into the
hearts of the American people. Do not put brother
against brother, father against son. Do not raise
a storm throughout this Union, North and South.
Do not desfroy the conservative sentiment—that
great element which keeps the stars and stripes
floating this day over this Capitol. 1 pray that
it may not be done
I have now submitted my remarks; and, Mr.
Clerk. 1 <;tve my thanks to all sides of tin; House
for the courtesy with which I have been heard.
I do not wish *to retard the organization of the
House. 1 have placed before the country my
views on the matter to which 1 have attracted its
attention; I have placed before the country the
facts which operate with me, and, having done
that, I have discharged my duty us the Repre-
sentative of a gallant, a Union-loving, a peaceaolc,
and a Christiai^peoplc—a constituency of which
I am proud, for it has always marched under the
ilag of the Union, and always gone to maintain
the fame and ascendency of the Union abroad.
Mr. GILMER. I do not rise, Mr. Clerk, with
a view to make any speech. 1 propose to offer an
amendment to the resolution of the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Clark,] which, when read,
will explain itself. I move to strike out all after
the word "Resolved*'* and in lieu thereof to insert
what 1 send to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Whereas the circumstance* and condition of the coun-
try require that the ;isp"iities and animosities which, for
the few y< ars, have been laptdly alienating one section
of the count!y !iom another, and destroying those fraternal
sentiments! which aro the strongest supports of the Consti-
tution, should be allayed: whereas, inasmuch as the his-
tory of the Government turnishes instances of success in
giving quiet to the oountiy by the united exertions of con-
f«nvative national men, inespective of party, there is reason
to hope for a like lesult from similar labors: whereas, in
18ol, when the minds of the people of the North and of the
South were inflamed on the subject of slavery, national
men appealed to the country as follow*, to wit:
"■ The undeisigned, members ot the Thirty-First Congress
of the United States, believing that a icncwal of sectional
controversy upon the subject of slavery would be both dan-
gerous to the Union and destructive of its objects, and
seeing no mode by which such eontioversy can be avoided,
cxccpt by a strict adherence to the settlement thereof ef-
fected bv the coinnromise acts passed at the lant session of
Congress, do hereby declare their intention to maintain the
said settlement inviolate, and to resist all attempts to repeal
or alter the acts aforesaid, unless by the general consent of
the friends of the measure, and to remedy such evils, if any,
as time and experience may develop.
"And for the purpose of making this resolution effective,
they further declare, that they will not support for office or
President or Vice President, or of Senator or of Represent-
ative in Congress, or as member of a State Legislature, any
man, of whatever party, who is not known to be opposed
to the disturbance of the settlement aforesaid, and to the
renewal, in any form, of agitation upon the subject of sla-
ver)'.
" Henry Clay, H. A. Bullard,
Howell Cobb, C. II. Williams,
C. S. Morehead, T. S. Haymond,
William Puer, J. Phillips Phoenix,
Robert L. Rose, A. H. Slieppaid,
II. S. Foot. A. M. Schermeihorn,
William C. Dawson, David Breck,
James Brooks, JohnR. Thurman,
Thomas J. Rusk, James L. Johnson,
Alexander H. Stephens, D. A. Bokee,
Jeremiah Clemens, J. B. Thompson,
Robeit Toombs, George R. Andrews,
James Cooper, J. M. Anderson,
M. P. Gentry, W. P. Mangum,
Thomas G. Pratt, John B. Kerr,
Henry W Milliard, Jeremiah Morton,
William M. Gwin, J. P. Caldwell,
F. E. McLean, R. I. Bowie,
Samuel illiot, Edmund Debcny,
A. (r. Watkins, E. C. Cabell,
David Outlaw, Humphrey Marshall,
Alexander Evans, Allen F. Owen/'
The effects of which on the popular mind were to induce
the Democratic party in their National Convention at
Baltimoie, in 185-2, to resolve and pledge themselves to the
nation, as follows, to wit:
That Congiess has no power under the Constitution to
intciferc with or control the domestic institutions of the
several States, and that such States are the sole and proper
judges of everything appei taming to then own affairs, not
piohibited by the Constitution; that all efforts made to in-
duce Congress to mterfeie with question^ of slavery, or to
take incipient steps in ielation thereto, aie calculated to
lead to the most alarming and dangeious consequences;
and that all such ellbrtr> have an inevitable tendency to di-
minish the happiness of the people and endanger the stabil-
ity and pcrmancney of the Union, and ought not to be
countenanced by any friend of our political institutions.
" That the foregoing piopo&ition cove's, and was intended
to embrace, the whole subject of the slavery agitation in
Congress; and, thcielore, the Democratic paity of the
Union, standing upon the national platform, will abide by
and adhere to the faithful execution of the acts known as
the compromise measuies settled by the last Congress, the
act for the reclaiming ot fugitives from service included,
which art being designed to carry out an express provision
of the Constitution, cannot, with fidelity thereto, be re-
pealed or so changed as to destroy or impair its efficiency.
Resolved, That we will resist all attempts at renewing,
in Congress er out of it, the t-laveiy asitation. under what-
ever shape and color the attempt may be made."
And the Whig party in the same year, at the same place,
resolved and ph-dged themselves, as follows, to wit.
i( That the seiies of infamies commonly known as the com-
promise, including the fugitive slave law, are acquiesced
in by the Whig paity of the United States, as a settlement,
m principle and substance, a final settlement of the danger-
ous and excitius questions which they embrace.; and so far
as the fugitive slav e law is concerned, we will maintain the
same, and insist on Its strict enforcement, until time and
experience shall d"inoiwtrate the necessity of further legis-
lation to guard against evasion or abu^c, not impairing its
present efficiency; and we deprecate all fuither agitation of
slavery que>tion  as dangerous to our pcace, and will dis-
countenance all efforts at the renewal or continuance of
£uch agitation, in Congress or out of it, whatever, where-
cver, or however the attempt may be made ; and we will
maintain this system as essential to the nationality of the
Whig party, and the integrity of the Union."
Therefore resolved, That, fully indorsing these national
sentiments, it is the duty of cveiy good citizen of this Union
to resist all attempts at renewing, in Congress or out of it,
the sJavciy agitation, under whatcvei shape and color the
attempt maj he made.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Clerk,
I do not wonder that the gentleman from North
Carolina has been misled from the point before
the House by the speech of the gentleman from
Missouri, -which had no relation to it. The ques-
tion before the House is a question of order. That
question the gentleman from Missouri has been
debating in the extraordinary speech which we
have just heard. While that question of order is
pending, i presume that the amendment would
not be in order. Am I right, Mr. Clerk?
The CLERK. The gentleman is right on that
point. The Clerk understands that the resolution
has only been read for the information of the
House.
Mr. GrlLMER. No, sir; I offered it as in
order.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. In order
that it may be m order, I withdraw the point of
order.
Mr. CURTIS. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
;| the whole subject be laid upon the table.
