1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
10
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Idemand the
yeas and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 116, nays 116; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrich, Alley, Ash-
ley, Babbit, Beale, Bmgham, Blatr, Blake, Brayton, B,uf~
finton, BuiUngame, Burnituii), Bunoughs, iSutterfield,
Campbell, Carey, Carter, Ca^e, Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax,
Conkiin, Oorwin, Covode. Curtis, H. Winter Davis, Dawes,
Delano, Duell, Buun, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely,
Farnsworth, Pcntou, Perry, Foster, Frank, French, Gooch,
Graham, Giow, Gurley, Hale, Hall, Haskm, Helmick,
Hickman, Hoard, Humphrey, Hutching, Irvine, Junkin,
Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon, Iulgore,
KiHMger, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Longnecker, Loomis,
Lovejoy, Maraton, McKean, McKnight, McPherson, Mill-
ward, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Morse,
Nixon, Olin, Palmer, Pennington, Periy, Pettit, Potter,
Potter, Pottle, Rice, Christopher Robinson, Royee,
Schwartz, Scranton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Somes, Spauid-
mg, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, William Stewart, Siratton,
TeCppu.li, Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins, Train, Trimble,
Vandever, Van Wyek, Verree, Wade, Waldron, Walton,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Eilihu B. Washbume, Israel
Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Windom, Wood, and Wood-
ruff—116.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Thomas L. Anderson, William
C. Anderson, Ashmoie, Aveiy, Barksdale, Barr, Barrett,
Bocock, Bonham, Boteler, Bouhgny, Boyce, Brabson,
Branch, Briggs, Bristow,Burch, Burnett, Horace F. Clark,
John 15. Clark, Clomens, Clopton., Cobb, John Cochrane,
Cooper, Cox, James Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry,
Davidson, John G. Davis, Reuben Davis, Dejarnette, Dim-
mirk, Edmundson, English, Etheridge, Florence, Fouke,
Garnett, Gartrell, Gilmer, Hamilton, Hardeman, 3. Morri-
son Harris, John T. Harris, Hatton, Hawkins, Hill, Hind-
man, Holman, Houston, Howard, Hughes, Jackson, Jeji-
kins, Jones, Kent, Kunkel, Lamar, Latrabee, James M.
Leach, Leake, Logan, I.ove, Maelay, Mallory. Charles D.
Martin, Elbert S. Maitin, Maynard, McCie'rjiand, Mc-
Queen, MeRae, Miles, Millson, Montgomery, Lai>an T.
Moore, Sydenham Moore,.Isaac N. Morris, Nelson, Nib-
lack, Noell, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Pryor, Pugh,
Q,uarles, Reagan, Reynolds, James; C Robinson,
Ruftin, Rust, Scott, Sickles, Snmn- , Singleton, William
Smith, William N. II. Smith, Stevenson, James A. Stew-
art, Stokes, Stout, Taylor, Thoma->, Undeivvood, Vallan-
digham, Vanee, Webster, \Vinteley, Winslow, Woodson,
and Wright—116.
So the House refused to lay the whole subject
on the table.
During the above call,
Mr. PENNINGTON stated that his colleague,
Mr. Adrain, was detained from the House by
illness.
Mr. CASE. I wish to offer a resolution.
Mr. CURTIS. I believe that I called for the
previous question.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Iowa was
not recognized.
Mr. CASE. I wish to offer a resolution that
will have the cffect to close this debate at present.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I rise to a question of
order. The question of order is this: the ques-
tion before the House is the election of a Speaker ;
the resolution of the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Clark] relates to that question, and is there-
fore in order; but the substitute offered by the
fcntleman from North Carolina [Mr. Gilrier]
oes not relate to the election of a Speaker, and is,
therefore, out of order.
The CLERK. The Clerk will remark to the
gentleman from Mississippi, that he is not pre-
pared to decide whether the substitute or the
amendment to the resolution is in order. If the
point is insisted upon, the Clerk will submit the
question to the House for its decision.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I insist on a decision of
my question by the House, if the Clerk holds
that he has not the power to decide it.
Mr. CASE. I ask that my resolution be read,
for the information of the House.
There was no objection; and the Clerk read the
resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the further consideration of the resolu-
tion and amendment now before the House be postponed
until the first Monday of January next; and the House
proceed to a second ballot for Speaker.
Mr. CASE. IdonotwanttocutofFdiscussion;
hut I think that we ought to organize this House
first. Do that, and then members can talk until
the last word has been said on this subject. For
aught I care, they may talk a year on it.
Mr. MAYNAllD. If we are called upon to
decide questions of order here, I desire to know
under what rules we are acting ? Certainly not
the rules of the House.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The precedent has been
for the House to decide questions of order under
similar circumstances.
The CLERK. The Clerk would state for the
information of the House, that, under like circum-
stances, the House has always acted under gen-
eral parliamentary law.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquire whether
the Clerk will make decisions himself upon ques-
tions of order as they arise, or whether he wiU
refer them to a vote of the House to be settled by
mere brute force—by the power of majorities?
The CLERK. The Clerk, in answer to the
inquiry of the gentleman from Tennessee, begs
leave to read from the Manual, in order that the
House may understand the power which the Clerk
has in deciding questions which may arise. This
is the only authority the Clerk has been able to
find upon the subject:
"When but one person is proposed, and no objection
made, it has not been usual in Parliament to put any ques-
tion to the^House; but without a question the members
proposing him conduct him to the chair. But if there be
objection, or another proposed, a question is put by the
Clerk. As arc also questions ot adjournment."
That being all that the Clerk can find, he does
not feel authorized to decide questions of order
as they arise.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I now re-
new my point of order.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The pending question is
the decision of my point of order, and I insist
upon it.
Mr. CASE. I have not yielded the floor.
Mr. BURNETT. Two questions of order
cannot be pending at the same time.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. It was the
very clause which has just been read by the Clerk
which induced me yesterday to raise the question
of order. I believed then, and I believe now,
that -no question can be entertained by the House
until after an organization, except a question to
proceed with the ballot, and a motion to adjourn.
The clause read by the Clerk fully sustains my
view.
Mr. CASE. I believe I am entitled to the floor.
Mr. BURNETT. I believe the gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. Barksdale] is upon the floor,
upon a question of order which has not been
decided.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Missis-
sippi had the floor by the courtesy of the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Case.]
Mr. BARKSDALE. I was upon the floor
upon my point of order, and I am entitled to it
without the courtesy of any gentleman.
The CLERK. If the gentleman insists upon
his point of order, the Clerk will put it to the
House.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to appeal to thegen-
tlcman from Mississippi to withdraw his point of
order, and permit me to make an appeal to the |
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Gilmer] in |
reference to his resolution. I want a vote upon j
the resolution offered by the gentleman from Mis- j
souri, [Mr. Clark.] As I heard the resolution of
the gentleman from North Carolina indistinctly
read from the Clerk's desk, I can see no objection
to it; but without committing myself to that res-
olution, as I indistinctly heard it, I will say to
that gentleman that I would like him to change
his motion, and offer his resolution as an amend-
ment by way of addition to the resolution of the
gentleman from Missouri, so that we may have
a vote upon both propositions. The gentleman
from North Carolina will see that the elfect of the
adoption of his substitute will be to cut olf a vote
upon the resolution of the gentleman from Mis-
souri, and thereby enable the Republican party—
to which 1 presume he and I are both opposed—
to evade a vote upon a proposition which we are
anxious they shall come up to and meet like men.
I hope the gentleman will let us have a vote
upon both propositions in that way. But if he
docs not see proper to pursue that course, he can
attain his end in another manner; and that is, by
offering; his resolution as an independent proposi-
tion. 1 am willing to meet all propositions upon
that subject fairly and squarely. I will not dodge
myself, nor will I offer a resolution which will
enable other gentlemen to evade then* responsi-
bility.
Air. CASE resumed the floor.
Mr. GILMER. I ask the gentleman to yield
me the floor.
Mr. CASE. I cannot yield any further. I am
entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Indiana
is evidently not entitled to the floor, it having
been taken from him on the point of order raised
by the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. B^Es-
DALE.]
Mr. CASE. Then J insist upon the decisidn
of the point of order, " : ,
Mr. HOUSTON". It will be impossible to pro-
ceed with business unless the parliamentar y law
is enforced. The gentleman "from Mississippi
arrested the gentleman from Indiana by a poifft
of order. ' ' f'
Mr. GILMER. I object to the gentleman from,
Alabama proceeding, unless I am also "permitted
to proceed.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi obtained the floor upon a point of order.
Mr. GILMER. I have as much the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Case^
to proceed as has the gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. HOUSTON. IF the gentleman from North
Carolina only knew when he was entitled to the
floor, nobody would controvert his right. The
fentleman from Indiana has lost the floor by
aving it wrested from him by the 'gentleman
from Mississippi upon a question of order.
Mr. GILMER. I have as much right to be'
recognized by the Clerk as the gentleman from
Alabama.
Mr. HOUSTON. I presume the gentleman "
can be recognized, and certainly recognized in
any way he wants to be.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Missis-
sippi, as the Clerk understands, took theflooi-from
the gentleman from Indiana on a point of order.
The gentleman from Mississippi "concluded the
statement of his point of order, ant} the Clerl?
recognized the gentleman from Indiana again, and
he is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CASE. I have the floor, then.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I have the floor^upon my
point of order.
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks not.
Mr. CASE. I have not yielded to any one,
and I cannot yield further.
Mr. BARKSDALE. My point of order is not
yet decided, and I have not yet yielded the floor.
1 yielded it temporarily to the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Burnett.]
The CLERK. The Clerk understood the gen-
tleman from Mississippi as yielding the floor, and
he recognized the gentleman from Indiana as en-
titled to it. The gentleman fropi Mississippi
insists that he did not yield the floor except to
enable the gentleman from Kentucky to make a
few remarks. The Clerk therefore thinks that
the gentleman from Mississippi is entitled to the
floor, upon the point of order.
Mr. GILMER. Then let him proceed.
Mr. BARKSDALE. If the gentleman from
North Carolina will withdraw his resolution, I
will yield the floor to him for that purpose. I
have no objection to the presentation of the reso-
lution, after the resolution of the gentlemdn from
Missouri shall have been disposed of; but in the
present state of things I do not believe it is in
order, not being germane to the question before
the House.
The CLERK. The question then is: Will the
House entertain the resolution of the gentleman
from North Carolina as an amendment to the res-
olution offered by the gentleman from Missouri ?
Mr. GILMER. How far have we proceeded
now, Mr. Clerk? I understand that it has been
indicated here that a declaration of opinion of this
body, which I consider to be nothing more than
a body of citizens for the present, in regard to a
certain pamphlet—the approval or disapproval of
that infamous pamphlet—has got something to do
with the election of Speaker. I deny it. But what
I maintain is, that if that is in order, if the expres-
sion of a political or moral sentiment is in order
as preparatory to the election of Speaker, then my
resolution is in order, for the reason that it pre-
pares the minds of this body much more nobly.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I do^ire to ask the gen-
tleman from North Carolina if his resolution re-
fers either directly or indirectly to the election of
Speaker, or to the qualification of any member of
the House for the Speakership?
Mr. GILMER. Yes, sir; 1 consider it does.
It shows that we want the Speaker who may be
elected to understand that we will expect him to
act in accordance with the sentiments of the House
in this matter, as expressed in my resolution.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I insist upon my point
of order being submitted to the House.
