1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1039
holders OF the South, took our ceuntry m her infancy;
and, alter ruling her for sixty out of seventy years uf lior
existence, we shall surrender her to you without a stain
upon her honor, boundless in prosperity, incalculable in her
strength, the wonder and admiration of the world."—Jif-
pendiz to the Congressional Globe, volume 37, page 71.
The honorable Senator says "the slaveholders
of the South have ruled the country sixty out of
seventy years," and he understands the matter
precisely as I do, that they are ruling it now.
According to the last census, the free white pop-
ulation of the United States was, in gross numbers,
eighteen million,and while this favored class—the
slaveholders—numbered less than three hundred
and fifty thousand, they rule seventeen and a half
million not possessed of slave property. African
slavery has been converted into an engine of po-
litical power through the agency of the Democratic
■party. Under what article or section in the Con-
stitution has an aristocracy of wealth, combined
in three hundred and fifty thousand persons,
" ruled" the teeming millions of this country for
" sixty out of seventy years?" It is nowhere to
be found. It has been a usurpation, another ag-
gression to which the people of the free States
have too long submitted. Yes, you have ruled
us, and every other interest of the country has
been made to bow down to the Moloch of slavery.
If it is asked how the South, being in the mi-
nority, has succeeded m controlling the country ?
I answer, it has been done by creating and fos-
tering a spirit of sectionalism through the agency
of party machinery. Colonel Benton, who is cer-
tainly good authority in this matter, in his Thirty
Years in the Senate, says, that Mr. Calhoun, in
1830—
"Went home from Congress and told his fiiendsthat
the South could never be united against the North on the
tariff question; that the sugar interests of Louisiana would
keep hur out; that the basis of southern union must be
shifted to Ike slave question."—Volume 2, page 786.
This policy of"uniting the slave States "upon the
slavery question was inaugurated by Mr. Calhoun.
It was persisted in by him and his followers until
it entirely broke up old party lines. It destroyed
the old Whig party, and completely corrupted and
sectionalized the Democratic party, and placed it
under the control of the siave power, where it has
remained until this day. The" Texas Plot,''Col-
onel Benton declares, in the work all eady alluded
to, was originated to kill Mr. Van Buren, and it
did its work. He had a majority of votes at the
national convention, in 1844, at which Mr. Polk
was nominated; but the South managed to get the
"two thirds rule," which enabled them to defeat
him. The South in the same convention defeated
the late Governor Fairfield, of myown State, for
the Vice Presidency, and nominated Mr. Dallas;
although the latter had but thirteen votes on the
first ballot. The South nominated General Cass,
in 1848, but the popularity of General Taylor,
and the defection of the New York Barnburners,
lost him his election. In 1852, Franklin Pierce s
nomination was a southern movement, led off by
Virginia; and in 1856, the South took possession
of Mr. Buchanan, and have had him in keeping,
soul and body, ever since.
8. Another aggressive movement is now being
agitated in the South, which is clearly against the
Constitution and the laws. I well know distin-
guished gentlemen upon this floor have arisen in
their places and denied any intent to make this
matter a party test, or to repeal the laws which
make the foreign slave trade piracy. I give them
all the benefits of this disclaimer; yet it is notde-
nied that this is a mooted question in the South.
The President, in his recent message, admits that
the Wanderer brought over one cargo numbering
three or four hundred. Again he says: "Those
engaged in this unlawful enterprise have been rig-
orously prosecuted, but not with as much success
as their crimes deserved;" an admission which
shows a deep sympathy of feeling with the en-
terprise among the Southern people. If there is
a sentiment in the South which operates to pre-
vent the punishment of the pirates engaged in this
business, it is easy to perceive how thetrafficcan
be earned on in full blast, even with the most
rigid laws against it. If the laws cannot be en-
forced, there is no occasion for agitating for their
repeal; and I understand there has not been a
single conviction in any of our southern courts
of any person who has been engaged in this ne-
farious business.
While the people of the free States, in their
courts, enforce the fugitive slave law, odious as
it is to a large majority of them, the South fails
to convict or punish persons engaged in a trade
declared by the General Government to be piracy.
I leave the country to judge between us.
9. Another clear aggression upon the rights of
the free States, is a demand for a congressional
code to fasten slavery upon the people of the Ter-
ritories against their will. Mr. Buchanan, in his
message, the mouthpiece of his party,now owned
and controlled by southern men, said:
"T cordially congratulate you upon the final settlement
by the Supreme Court of the United States, of the question
of slavery in the Territories, which had presented an aspect
so truly formidable at the commencement of my Adminis-
tration. The right has been established of every citizen to
take his property of any kind, including slaves, into the
common Territories belonging equally to all the States of
the Confederacy, and to have it protected theie under the
Federal Constitution. Neither Congress nor a Territorial
Legislature nor any human power has any authority to annul
or impair this vested right."
And here I wish to call the attention of the
country to the facts here assumed—that the court
has settled this question—that the Constitution pro-
tects slavery in the Territories, and that " neither
Congress nor a Territorial Legislature, nor any
human power hasany authority to annul or impair
this vested right." This is Democracy in 1860.
One would-think, by analogy of reasoning, that
if there is no "human power " on earth that can
even "impair " the right of a slaveholder to his
slave property in the Territories, that ought to
be satisfactory to him; yet that class demand
Federal legislation to compel the free white la-
borers^! the Territories into a servile submission
—to kiss the hand that strikes down their capit&l,
and degrades thum to the condition of menial
slaves.
A great leader in the Democratic party, I mean
Senator Iverson, of Georgia, in a speech in the
Senate a few weeks since, said: _
"Hp believed, and the southern people believed, that
under the Constitution they had a right to emigrate to any
oi tiie Territoucs with their slave property, and when there |
have a right to the protection of the lu:v in the enjoyment of
that property, and Congress lia-s the power to give that pro-
tection, and it is its dcty to do it."
We have here an authentic exposition of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill. We now understand what
the Democratic party mean when they say that
"the people of a Territory should be left per-
fectly free to form their own domestic institu-
tions." First, that the Constitution of its own
force, establishes slavery in the Territories; and
second, that Congress should enact a code placing
ropes around the necks of the citizens of a Ter-
ritory opposed to it, thereby degrading free white
labor to the same level with African slave labor.
Not only does the South, through its author-
ized agent, the so-called Democratic party, claim
the right to carry slaves into all the Territories of ;
the United States, and there hold them by judicial
construction; but it demands congressional inter-
vention, by which the iron heel of dcspotism^hall
be fastened upon the necks of all persons therein
opposed to the institution—a despotism which
prevents any attempt, on their part, through their
Territorial Legislature or otherwise, to rid them-
selves of what they believe a positive evil. If the
Constitution makes slaves of the blacks in the
Territories of the United States, it only needs such
a code as is now demanded by the South to make j
slaves of the whites. I know that some of our '
Democraticfriendsin the free Statesprotestagainst
this interpretation of the Kansas-Nebraska act;
but their protest will avail them nothing. Have
they not protested before ? Did they not protest
against the repeal of the Missouri restriction, and
then cave in? Did they not protest against the
Locompton bill: And ha\e they not come back
to the camp and endorsed those who voted for Lc-
compton. from first to last, by voting for them for
Speaker of this House? Southern men have to
furnish electoral votes for the party, and it is fair
they should make the platform and nominate the
candidate; and they will do it.
10. Another charge I have against the South is, \
the violation of article four, section two, of the i
Constitution, which reads as follows: *;
" The citizens of each State shall be entitled to all privi- i
and immunities ot citizens m the several States." j
Also, of article five of the amendments to the j
Constitution, which expressly provides, that: j
"No person" * * * u shall be deprived of life, lib-i
erty, or property, without due procef« of law.*' i
Under the Constitution, a citizen of Maine on
lawful business has a right to travel through any
southern State without molestation, provided he
interferes with none of the lawful rights of the
people of that State. Southern gentlemen travel
through the free Stages, and everywhere are t&ated
with becoming respect and consideration. They
are suffered everywhere to mingle with the people
ern men, when traveling m the southern States.
There a system of espionage is in operation, ex-
ceedingly annoying to a traveler. Strangers from
the North, instead of meeting -with that generous
hospitality which they are always ready, when
at home, to extend their southern brethren, are
watched, scrutinized, questioned; their baggage
is overhauled, their persons searched; and upon
mere suspicion are thrust into jail. A mere ex-
pression of opinion, inadvertently uttered in some
localities, is an unpardonable crime, for which
they are visited with the grossest.insults. Men,
for merely uttering sentiments which have been
taught by Jefferson and othersouthern men, have
been dragged into prison, lynched, tarred and
feathered, and their lives threatened by infuriated
mobs.
I will refer to a few recent cases. The Charles-
ton Mercury, of the 17th of December, says:
"That a man, supposed tq^be ah Abolitionist, of dark
complexion, with black hair, and a scar over the left eye,
about five feet eleven inches in height, and calling himself
James VV.Rivers  was taken up on the 13th by the vigilant
committee, tarred and feathered, and the right side of his
head shaven."
A few weeks ago an Irishman who had been
naturalized, and had always voted the Democratic
ticket, as he says, a citizen of Pennsylvania, while
at work on the State capitol at Charleston, South
Carolina, not in the hearing of slaves or any black
man, but to his associate laborers, uttereel senti-
ments not considered exactly orthodox; for which
he was caught, put in jail, stripped, and thirty-
nine lashes put upon his bare back; a bucket of
tar poured upon him, and feathers applied, He
was then allowed a pair of pants, and, after being
imprisoned a further lertgth of time, was put on
board the cars for New York, where lie arrived,
and related the facts above given.
A clergyman, one of the most respectable citi-
zens of Connecticut, a bookseller, was arrested
in one "of the southern States a short time since;
and, on suspicion, without a shadow of evidence
against him, thrust into jail, and on the interfer-
ence of some of the citizens of his State was finally
liberated; but not until he had received sufficient
abuse to make him a maniac. During a speech"
in this House by an honorable member from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Crawford,] on the 15th of December
last, the following colloquy took place:
"Mr. Crawford. Beecher said that he would preach
the same doctrines in Virginia as in Massachusetts. Brown
says: k Beegjier, why don't joucome and do it?' I ask
you why you do not come on ?
a Air. Kilgore. J will answer the gentleman if he will
permit me. I will tell the gentleman why Mr. Beecher
would not preach in ^rgima : because liberty of speech
is denied m the South; and if he were to go there he would
get a coat of tar and feather?.
"Mr. Crawford. Yes, sir; not only would he be de-
nied liberty of speech, but he would be denied personal lib-
erty also, and would be hung higher than Ilaman."
Not only is Beecher threatened with the gallows
if he goes South^but the distinguished Senator
from New York is threatened with the halter if
he is ever found in that quarter. An honSrable
member from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] in a
speech on the 8th of December last, is reported
in the Globe to have said:
Virginia has decided, and has hung the traitor Brown,
and will hangthe traitor Seward if he isfoundinhcr bor-
der. [Laughter.]"
Now I put it to our southern friends, when
you and we arc both living under the same Con-
stitution which declares, "That the citizens e>f
each State shall be entitled to all the privileges
and immunities of citizens in the several States,"
whether these things are not unjust^oward the
people of the free States? Not only are the citi-
zens of the North threatened with stripes, im-
prisonment, and death, if we visit the southern
States, and that under the summary process of
mob law, but, from certain recent indications,
peaceable, unoffending citizens in the South are
to be driven out by unlawful violence, not for
overt acts—nqj for anything they have done; but
merely for entertaining opinions held by Wash-
