I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pressed the will of tho Republican majority then
in the House of Representatives. In this body
that House bill was resisted. The majority of
this body would not acquiesce in it. Had that
bill passed, we should have escaped much of the
trouble that we have had during the past two or
three years. Under the lead of the Senator from
Virginia, however, that bill was rejected, and the
bill of 1857 passed.
Well, sir, when that bill was passed we bad
nearly twenty-five million dollars in the Treasury.
On the 1st of July following, when that bill went
into operation, we had $17,700,000 in the Treas-
ury. When we met in the following December,
we had passed through a commercial crisis, and
the Government came here and asked for a loan
bill, or a Treasury note bill. We gave them a
Treasury note bill of $20,000,000. At the same
time, sir, wc asked this Government to modify
the tariff to meet the changed condition of the
country. The Senator from Virginia told us—
and m it hp was sustained by his political friends
here—that under the tariff, if we continued the
tariff of 1857, irt the course of one year the rev-
enues would be collected sufficient to meet the
ordinary and currentexpenses of the Government.
That was the position taken by the Senate. It
was the position taken by both Houses of Con-
gress, with Democratic Administration majorities.
A year passed away, and we came here again;
and, as has been stated by the Senator from Rhode
Island, the Senator from Virginia held the same
doctrines. Another year passed, and the same
doctrines were proclaimed. Three financial years
have now nearly passed away under this Admin-
istration, and we have expended §17,700,000 that
were on hand, when the financial year of 1857
began; we have expended all the revenues col-
lected; we have boiroived about forty million dol-
lars; we have, m a word, expended during the
past three years §50,000,000 more than our re-
ceipts. In a word, we have run in debt during
the past three years about seventeen million dol-
lars per anneon.
The Senator from Virginia, and other Senators,
think that under the present tariff we can collect
money enough to meet the current expenses of
this Government, and meet^he interest on the
debt already created. Now, sir, I do not believe
a word of it, and I think a year hence we shall
all be of that opinion. The importations into the
country during the past year have been very great.
I know it has-been said to-day that the Senator
from Rhode Island [Mr. Simmons] under-esti-
mated them. 1 thought so then. I thought he
was mistaken, and we now know he was. Wc
had just come out of the revulsion of ISoJ. We
were about tu go to the extreme. We have had
a vast importation during the past year; a larger
importation than I think we shall have for the year
to come. We have had a vast cotton crop for the
. last three or four years. There is to-day in the
Liverpool market a larger amount of cotton than
has been on hand for years. There hsfs been a
large amount of cotton planted this year. There
is a prospect of a large crop. I believe that we
are to have within a year a reduction in price. I
do not believe, by any possibility—and I think
any man who studies and. reflects upon it will
come to that conclusion—that we are to have so
large an importation for the coming year as wo
have had during the past; and if we had, we shall
not collect revenue enough to meet the currentex-
penses of the Government, and to provide for the
interest on the debt already created.
I believe the time has come to change the tariff.
I do not say in what manner. I think, however,
there should be such a change as will raise rev-
enue enough to extinguish, in a very few years,
the national debt; fori do not believe in a national
debt. I want to sec it wiped off as soon as pos-
sible. I desire to pay that national debt as soon
as possible, and to meet tho ordinary and current
expenses of the Government of the country. I
think that this session should not pass without
having such a bill wisely matured, framed, and
passed. A bill is here from the House of Rep-
resentatives. Some of its provisions, I think, are
admirable. Some of its provisions, 1 am confi-
dent, require modification and change. We can-
not pass that bill; we ought not to pass it without
taking a few days of time to examine it with care;
for this perpetual change of the revenue laws of
the country is against the interests of the Treas-
ury Department and against the business interests
of the country. I am ready to stay here and take
the time. I am in favor of taking that time and
passing a tariff bill that shall meet the real wants
of the Treasury and the country. But I think
this policy wrong, that has been pursued under the
lead of Democratic Senators, of going oil from
year to year with a knowledge that the receipts
could not equal the expenditures, and increasing
the permanent national debt. It is a policy that
no party in the country ever did approve, and no
party can approve. It is a policy that has been
forced upon us to a certain extent by the exigen-
cies of the occasion; at any rate, it is a policy that
has been tried for three years; and it is a policy
that has utterly failed, and should be arrested.
We should not go another year or another month
without changing this policy, and adopting a pol-
icy to raise revenue enough to pay current ex-
penditures, and to pay off the national debt as
speedily as possible: and, at the same time, afford
incidental protection to American capital and
American labor now exposed to competition with
the cheap capital and the cheap labor of western
Europe. Refer the revenue question to the next
session, as is now proposed by the Finance Com-
mittee, and one year will be lost; and the Treas-
ury and the business interests of the country will
feel its effects. Grant this loan of §21,000,000 to
meet the Treasury notes soon to be paid, without
adopting some means to increase the revenue, and
I predict that we shall have a demand from the
Treasury Department for a further loan, or for
power to issue §10,000,000 of Treasury notes to
carry the country through the coming financial
year. It is the bounden duty of Congress at this
session to arrest this fatal policy of increasing the
national debt in time of'peace, and to provide rev-
enue to meet current expenditures and extinguish
the national debt.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, I have a word
to say in reply. I want to uncap these pretenders
to economy. The Senator from Massachusetts,
as well as the Senator from Maine, this morning,
say they voted for this just appropriation and
that just and proper appropriation. Noboby ob-
jected to proper ones. Everybody must vote for
some appropriations. Every honest man must
vote to fulfill contracts and other obligations. The
Senator from Massachusetts says there were five
or six million put on the miscellaneous bill. That
is not the issue. Were they right or wrong? That
is the question. I will take them up in order, and
show what they were. You cannot escape my
chargc of your supporting unnecessary and pro-
fuse measures by showing that I voted for just
and proper measures; nor can you set off your
bad votes by showing your good ones. Every-
body must vote to carry out existing laws. Every-
body must vote the, necessary means for carrying
on the Government; but when you charge the
Administration with profligacy, you must point
out the bad measures which they have maintained,
and I will proceed to show that the amendments
proposed by the Committee on Finance were
necessary and proper to carry out existing laws
and obligations of the Government. Our first
amendment was:
" To pay for marble already delivered at the Charleston
eustom-tidu.-e, to be used m continuing the work on that
building, §15,000."
Very well; we owed the money. I did not
complain of anybody who voted for that.
•'And foi continuing the construction of that building,
§135,000."
Very well; you had a contract for that, as was
shown, thirteen years ago,before the Senator from
Maine says their party had an existence. It
seems jthey do not trace back more than three or
four years. I thought they had some antiquity;
but the gentleman thinks they have but two or
three years. They were the same people, 1 sup-
pose. There was a Banks Congress. I do not
know whether they claim back to that or not. I
know that there were in the Whig party two ele-
ments—the southern wing, who were States-rights
men, belonging to the old Republican party; and
the northern wing; who were Federalists, and
who always went for large expenditures and for
the consolidation of this Government; and we
shall find the most of them among the Republican
or Free-soil party. They are where they ought
to be.
<• Yoi; may break, jou may ruin the vase, if you will;
But the scent of ihe roses will hang round it still."
These great characteristics have adhered to them
and identified them,-.amid all the changes of par-
ties and factions, from 1789 to I860.
Mr.FESSENDEN. I ask the Seinator whether
ho refers to the present head of the'Deitiocratio
party particularly?
Mr. TOOMBS. If he belonged fo.ybitjhe|piit
young, and fully repented.- His'protectiv'e views
seem to be more in harmony with his ancientiHart
with his present friends, though I -do not th'fok
him amenable to the charge of change on thatsab"-.
ject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He keeps up thc expend-
itures. '• ;
Mr. TO DM IRS. Yes, sir; he carries out y6ur
laws. Our next amendment was:
"To pay for marble already delivered at the New Orleans
custom-house, to be used m continuing tile wort on that
building, $35,000." - :
We paid for that. We owed it to people ih
Maine, who showed us that they had an honest
contract; and I do notthink any honest man ought
to refuse to pay his debts, although he may riot
like has creditor.
• Mr. FESSENDEN. I believe they arc Dem-
ocrats
f Mr. TOOMBS. If they are, so much the bet-
ter. I never inquired. I voted for it because
they had rights. That was ail the question with
me. I did not look at politics or color. They had
rightsjandassuch, I would give them their rights.
There is not a single dollar in this bill reported
by the committee cxcept to carry out the existing
operations of the Government. Therefore, if the
Republican House, as the Senator from Massa-
chusetts snys, reflects the will of the party, it is
simply this: they were so unjust as to refuse the
honest obligations of tho Government, while they
weie lavishing countless millions upon those who
had no claim: to wit, contractors who, by their
i contract, had no right to a single additional dol-
| lar; and pensioners, to whom they have given
! §7,000,000. Those are the two points I brought
| upon them. "While they will not be just, they
! arc generous While they will not pay their own
j people what they owe them for their work and
! iabor done, they are sufficiently profligate to give
to thole who have no claim; to give it to them in
disregard of law, of justice, and of sound policy.
That is what I arraign them for. I have the offi-
cial documents before me that the bill now on
your table gives near seven million dollars of back
pensions against the law and against the settled
policy of this country. The Republican House
proposed to tack on the Post Office deficiency bill
the contracts which the Postmaster General'had
the right to discontinue, and sent to us an amend-
ment by which they sought to wrest the control
of the Department from an able and efficient offi-
cer, and to put it into the hands of adventurers
and contractors. They refused to pay a fair con-
tractor for his marble; they would not pay an hon-
est laborer for his stone; but they would give
§7,000,000 to claim agents, and $2,00ft,000 to
contractors whose contracts were abolished, ac-
cording to theirown terms, and becausc they were
shown to be wasteful and unnecessary. This is
the species of legislation of whichl complained;
and T only cited a few cases as specimens of the
financial policy of the Black Republican party.
Your journals are full of like cases.
That is what they have done, and these are
the votes I complain of. I do not complain of
voting measures necessary to carry on the Gov-
ernment; but I complain of additional appropria-
tions not warranted by existing laws, not neces-
sary to the public service. I vote millions that I
do not approve. Why? Because 1 will maintain
the faith of the country. When you have made a
contract, I mustcomply with it. Take your court-
houses and post offices in little villages through-
out the country. While I voted steadily against
the inception of these contracts, as the organ of
this Senate I will not imitate the Republican party
in the House; but I will vote every dollar that the
law calls on me to appropriate. Good faith and
public duty require it. The Republican House
refuse justice; refuse to pay such debts, and at
the same time have sent to us one of the most
profligate, wicked, and indefensible measures that
ever the lobby put through that House.
Mr. SIMMONS. Was it in an appropriation
bill, or a proposition for a law? I should like to
know. I have not seen it.
