20
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
Mr. GROW'. I desire to read from the stat-
utes a provision bearing on this point, as I take
it that we are bound By the laws of Congress,
whether we have rules passed for our government
or not. I desire to call attention to almost the
very first act passed under the Constitution under
which we live; I refer to the act approved 1st of
June, 1789, which is to be found on the twenty-
third page of volume one Statutes at Large, which-
provides that, at the first session of Congress after
every general election of Representatives, theoath
or affirmation shall be administered by any one
member of the House of Representatives to the
Speaker, and by him to all the members present,
and' to" the Clerk, previous to entering on any
other business.
Now, proposing a resolution is "any other
business clearly, under the law, and we have no
business with it.
The CLERK. The question is: Will the
House entertain the amendment offered by the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Gilmer]
to the resolution offered by the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Clark?]
Mr. GILMER. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. BURNETT. I presume the point of order
is debatable ?
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks that, under
the practice of the House, it is.
Mr. BURNETT. X understood the gentleman
from North Carolina to state, by way of expla-
nation of the reason which induced him to offer
his amendment, that, if it is the duty of the House
to express any political sentiment in relation to
the present state of things, his is much preferable
to the resolution offered by the gentleman from
Missouri; as the latter is merely expressing an
opinion in regard to a pamphlet—an infamous
pamphlet, as he styles it. I would say to the
gentleman from North Carolina, that I do not so
understand the resolution of the gentleman from
Missouri. I understand it as an enunciation of
a solemn declaration by the national and conserv-
ative elements of this House, that the man who
has been willing to indorse by his recommenda-
tion a book containing incendiary sentiments cal-
culated to set one portion of the Union against
another; to apply the incendiary torch to the
houses of the people who live in the section where
he and I live; who have been ready to set the slave
against the master, and to stir up a servile insur-
rection, which is regarded as the most horrible of
all wars, is not fit to be intrusted with the Speak-
ership of this House. That is what I understand
to be the object of the resolution. Believing that
the gentleman from North Carolinais, like myself,
prompted by love for the Constitution; that he
is a conservative and national man; that he is a
national man, and is in favor of the preservation
of the Union; that he, hke myself, is for calling
back the people of both sections to feelings of
fraternity, I thought that he, like us, would give
a rebuke to those men, and would enable us, if
there was a conservative clement at the North, to
awaken that element, and bring it into action. That
is how I regard it.
1 do not regard this resolution as simply pass-
ing an opinion on Mr. Helper's book, but as con-
demning the action of those sixty-odd Republi-
cans who recommended it. I have not read the
whole book; but 1 have looked at a portion of it,
and seen what these gentlemen have indorsed;
and, as a Representative of a southern constitu-
ency, as a Representative of apcoplc who are loyal
and true to the Constitution of the country; of a
people who have shown by their past history that
they are not only ready to preserve the Union,
ready to enter into compromises for peace and
(juiet, but are also ready, (I speak what I be-
lieve to be the sentiments of the people of that
portion of Kentucky which I represent,) if this
warfare is to be made on their institutions, if the
safety of their homes and families is to be invaded,
to go out of this Union, I say that all wo want
is to know what northern sentiment is. [Applause
in the galleries, and hisses from the Republican
benches.] We are citizens of a common country,
living under a common Government, covered by
a common Constitution, and I trust that there is
patriotism enough at the North, devotion enough
among her people, to stand by the Constitution,
and to protect us from the aggressions of men
who are ready to apply the incendiary torch to .
our houses, and to stir up insurrection and war
within our borders. I, as a southern man, desire
to have an expression of the sentiment of the
House on this question. Let us enter by a solemn
vote our condemnation of the public men of the
country who are ready and willing to say that
they have indorsed that book, and subscribed to
send a million copies into the hands of the people
of this country. I say we must enter our solemn
condemnation here by our votes upon it, and see
how many of our northern friends here are ready
to say that they had no part or fellowship in this
matter.
I do not propose to detain the House by any
further remarks; but I was exceedingly anx-
ious 
Mr. STANTON. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman a question.
Mr. BURNETT. Oh, pardon me, if you
Slease. I desire again to appeal to my friend, the
istinguished gentleman from North Carolina, to
let us have a separate vote on the resolution of
the gentleman from Missouri. His resolution
can then be offered. We can thus avoid the point
of order, vote on both propositions, and proceed
to elect a Speaker.
I ask pardon of the House for having detained
it so long. I was led into these remarks from a
desire that the gentleman from North Carolina
might agree with me in regard to the policy which
we ought to pursue here as national men.
Mr. GILMER. I have modified my last reso-
lution, so as to cut off all discussions as to points
of order.
The resolution, as modified, was read, as fol-
lows:
Therefore resolved, That, fuliy indorsing these national
sentiments, it is tlic duty of every good citi7.cn of tins
Union to resist all attempts at renewing, in Congress or
out of i*, tlic slaveiy agitation, under whatever shape and
color the attempt may be made, and that no member should
be elected Speaker of this House whose political opinions
are not known to conform to tlio foregoing sent.ments.
Mr. LEAKE. Will the gentleman from North
Carolina allow mc to ask him a question ?
Mr. GILMER. I cannotyield the floor. I have
only a few words which I shall detain the House
to hear. I consider that my resolution doesevery-
thing by way of expression of opinion that is
accomplished by the resolution of the gentleman
from Missouri. Every expression of opinion
contained in his resolution is contained in the one
offered by me, and, 1 think, in happier manner; I
think in more useful language. I mn sorry that
I cannot agree with my friend from Kentucky,
[Mr. Burnett,] and that 1 cannot comply with
the request which ho so urgently makes.
Why, Mr. Clerk, what do we see around us?
My resolution is not only intended to keep off
what I see in the journals of a particular party,
all over the country, but also to keep off what I
consider a part and parcel of the same thing here
in this House. I say, with great respect to my
southern brethren, "look at the papers of the
morning in favor of the interests of the party in
power, look at their publications for the last three
or four days, and you will find in these papers,
of a particular party complexion, very careful
details of the little prayer meetings that are being
held in some sections of the northern country in
connection with the late terrible affair at Harper's
Perry; and, although meetings much more nu-
merous are being held of a contrary character,
not one word in reference to these meetings of a
contrary character is ever alluded to. What does
that mean ?
Mr. BURNETT. Will the gentleman from
North Carolina permit mo to ask him a question?
Mr. GILMER. No, sir; my friend will par-
don me; I cannot yield.
Mr. BURNETT. I wished to ask thegentle-
man where these meetings are being held >
Mr. GILMER. I cannot yield. I say, what
does that mean ? There is some meaning in it;
there is, I fear, the same design and meaning in
the resolution which is now offered and insisted
011 by the gentleman from Missouri. The resolu-
tion offered by ine,as I have said, effects the same
thing, and it equally condemns the very inflam-
matory productions that are alluded to in a spirit
which everybody understands; and it is for that
reason that I cannot yield to the request of my
friend from Kentucky to withdraw my amend-
ment. It declares, properly, that no one who
approves of this Helper pamphlet, or the senti-
ments therein contained, ought to be elected
Speaker. And when the same thing is done ii
more comprehensive language, is it not always
better to use such a medium to accomplish such
an objcct? and, were I to yield to the gentleman,
I would be giving force and effect to that very
identical unfortunate spirit of agitation which it
is the purpose of myself and my friends here to
exert all the influence we can to put down. We
are national men. We belong to neither of the
classes of men who are the peculiar friends of the
North, nor are w.e any fillibusters in spirit. We
crave not the honor of belonging to the extreme
men of any section—even of our own section.
We do not seek to impress upon the people of our
section that we are more the exclusive friends of
the South than our neighbors. For that reason,
I prefer that the expression of the opinion of this
House shall be in the terms of the resolution that
I have offered.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I think tlie entire
object would be obtained by a division of the
question. I therefore call for a division of the
question; and ask that the vote may be first taken
upon striking out.
The CLERK again stated the question before
the House to be: "Will the House receive the res-
olution of the gentleman from North Carolina as
an amendment to the resolution of the gentleman
from Missouri ?"
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Before that ques-
tion is put, I ask for the reading of both the reso -
lutions.
Mr. GARNETT. I have an amendment to
propose to the amendment of the gentleman from
North Carolina.
The CLERK. The question of order is still
pending.
Mr. GARNETT. I thought that question of
order had been withdrawn.
The CLERIC. It has not been.
Mr. GARNETT. I give notice, then, that I
will offer my amendment as soon as the question
of order is disposed of.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania. I move
that the question of order be laid on the table.
A Member. You must lay the whole subject
on the table, or nothing.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania. I move,
then, to lay the whole subject on the table.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I withdraw my point of
order.
Mr. GARNETT. Then I am entitled to the
floor, and I now offer my amendment.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania has moved to lay the whole subject on the
table.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I have withdrawn my
question of order.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania. But my
motion to lay the whole subject 011 the table is
still pending.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania operated upon the
question of order. That question being with-
drawn, the motion of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania falls with it, and a proposition is now
presented by the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania My mo-
tion was to lay the whole subject on the table.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The gentleman
made the motion while the question of order was
pending, and yielded the floor. That question
having been withdrawn, the floor now belongs to
the gentleman from Mississippi.
Mr. GARNETT. I hope the gentleman will
allow mo to offer my amendment. A motion to
lay on the table has just been made and rejected,
and it is a useless consumption of time to re-
new it.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania. I cannot
withdraw it, although I should be very glad to
oblige the gentleman.
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit the point of or-
der that there has been no intervening business
since the motion to lay on the table has been
dccidcd, and therefore that it is not in order to
repeat the motion.
The CLERK. The Clerk will state that, since
the motion has been voted on, the gentleman from
North Carolina has modified his resolution.
Mr. BURNETT. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the motion to lay on the table".
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I call for the read-
