1040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7.
ington, Jefferson, and Madison—nearly all the
early fathers of the Republic. The Cincinnati
Commercial, of December 21, contains the follow-
ing narrative, which explains itself;
" Thirty-six persons arrived in this city from Kentucky
yesterday, having been warned to leave the State, for the
crime of holding slavery to be a sin. '1'hey are from Berea
and vicinity, Madison county, Kentucky, where they were
living industrious, sober, and peaceful Uves. Most of these
persons are stopping at the Dennison House,-though a por-
tion have been received at privaterouses.'
"They are inoffensive persons, men of peace, and would
not have been driven from any community in the world
except one oppressed and benighted by the slave system.
They weie neighbors, friends, and coworkers of the Rev-
erend John (i. Fee, whose reputation as an earnest and
quiet opponent of slavery is well known to the country.
Among the exiles arc the Reverend J. R. Rogers, principal
of a flourishing school at Berea, and hisfamily; J. D. Reed
and family;. John S. Hanson and family. Mr. Hanson is
a native of Kentucky, and a hard-working, thrifty man.
He had recently erected a steam paw-mill, and owns five
hundred acres of land m Madison county, Kentucky. The
Rc-verend J. P. Bougbton; J3. T. Ilayes and S. Life, car-
penters; A. G. W. Parker, a native of South Carolina;
 Toney, a native of Tennessee; John Smith, a native
of Ohio, a farmer, who has lived in Kentucky some years."
****** " Mr. Rogers describes the
warning thathe received quite graphically. He was-in his
cottage, when a summons for him to appear was heard.
On going to.the door, he discovered an imposingcavafcade,
sixty-five well-mounted men being drawn up in warlike
array. lie was informed that he had ten days in which to
leave the State. This was on the 23d of December, lie
told them that he had not consciously violated any law of
the Commonwealth, and thatpf he had unconsciously done
so, he would be most happy to be tried according to law.
He was infoimed that they did not know that he had vio-
lated any law, but that his principles we*e incompatible
with the public peace, and that he must go."
I make no comment, but leave the fair-minded
men, North and South, to pass judgment upon
such proceedings. If northern men, while visit-
ing southern communities, by any act, or other-
wise, violate any of the municipal laws of the
Stales, lot them be arrested, tried by an impartial
court of justice, and not by a mad and infuriated
mob, and then, if found guilty, let them suffer the
penalties of the laws they have violated. But I
ao protest, in the name of the eighteen million
freemen in the free States, against a system of
vindictive espionage, which arrests peaceable,
unoffending citizens upon groundless suspicions,
tries them at the revolutionary tribunal of Judge
Lynch, and then ftiurders them, under the mis-
erable pretext of carrying into.oxecutiem the man-
dates of mob law.
Who has not heard of Bayard Taylor, the.cel-
ebrated traveler, who has been the world over,
among savage and civilized men in Europe, Asia,
Africa, and America? In a recent letter published
by him, in answer to a letter from the Young
Men's Christian Association of Richmond, Vir-
finia, breaking off a lecture engagement because
Ir. Taylor had at some time been a literary cor-
respondent of the New York Tribune, he said:
" I have traveled in all the principal portions of the
earth; I know all forms of government and all leligious
creeds, from personal observation and study; but nowheie,
in any of the lands or race*) most bltteily hostile to repub-
licanism and Christianity, have I ever been subjected to a
narrower or more insulting censorship."
In fifteen States in this Union an " American
citizen," peaceably and lawfully traveling, has
no more protection than he would have in a land
of savages, upon whom the light of civilization
had never dawned. It is God's truth, that there
is not a despotic Government in-the Old World,
whore .an American citizen, living in the North,
would not be better protected than in the slave
States of this Union. The " stars and stripes"
afford protection to the humblest citizen abroad, yet
upon our own soil, in fifteen State sovereignties,
owing allegiance to the Federal Union and to the
Constitution, it gives no more protection to a free-
man of the North, than the black flag of a West
Indian pirate.
This is the legitimate, natural effect of the sys-
tem of African slavery. Carry it into the Terri-
tories and the same results will follow. Free labor
will bedegraded; free speech suppressed; and free
men, guilty d¥nooffense against the laws, lynched,
tarred and feathered, whipped, hung, and driven
out by the menaces, howlings, and infuriated rav-
ings of a fanatical, blood-thirsty mob. These are
the practical consequences growing out of Demo-
cratic doctrines as enunciated and expounded in
1SG0.
11. 1 arraign the Democratic party in the South
for mi attempt now being made on"their part to
deprive the people of th« free States of their right
of franchise, secured to them in article two of
the Constitution of the United States, and in sec-
tion twelve of the amendments to the same. These
provisions secure to the people of all the States
the right, once in four years, to elect a President
and vice "President by a majority of electoral
votes. Strange and monstrous as is the proposi-
tion, yet it is no more strange than true, that a
portion of the South have undertaken to dictate
to the freemen of the North as to how and for whom
they shall vote. It is substantially a proposition
of. the South to oversee the North in the exercise
of the dearest right an American citizen has under
the Constitution—the right to act free and un-
trammeled at the ballot-box. The people of the
free States were grdvely told by their southern
brethren, prior to the last presidential election,
" We will permit you to clect Buchanan; but if
you have the audacity to elect Fremont, we will
blow up the Government." Andweare now sub-
stantially told the same thing; for we have been
solemnly warned, in this House and out of it, to
beware how we vote; to Be "careful and not etact
a Republican Presidentin 1860; if you do, we will
resist his inauguration."
An honorable member from Georgia, [Mr.
Crawford,] in a speech in this House, Decem-
ber 15, said:
"Now, in rtfgard to the election of a Black Republican
President, I have this to say, and I speak the sentiment of
every Democrat on this floor from tiie State of Georgia :
we will never submit to the inauguiation of a Black Repub-
lican President. [Applause from the Democratic benches,
and liissc! from the Republicans.] I repeat it, sir—and 1
have authority to say so—that no Democratic Representa-
tive fiom Georgia oil this floor will ever submit to the in-
auguration of a Black Republican Piesident. [Renewed
applause and hisses.]"
Another 'honorable gentleman, from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Singleton,] in a speech upon this
floor, December 21, speaking of the time when
the South would be in favor of taking steps for
disunion, said:
"You ask me wh«n will the time come; when will the
South be united? It will be when you elect a Black Re-
publican— Hale, Seward, or Chase — President of the
United States. Whenever you undertake to place such a
man to preside over the destinies of tlie South, you may
expect to see us undivided ;md indivisible friends, and to
see all parties of the South arrayed to resist Ilia inaugura-
tion."
Rut I will defer what further remarks I desire
to make under this head, and finish them under
my next point
12. Another aggression upon the free States is
a threatened attempt to dissolve the. Union. As I
mean to deal fairly in these matters, i will not
charge this attempt upon the South, but upon the
so-called Dsnucrutic party, where it belongs; for
I thank Heaven we have upon this floor, from the
sunny South, as noble a band of patriots as ever
rallied under the flag of the Constitution. I refer to
the southern Opposition. Sir, the soul-stirring ap-
peals^f the eloquent Nelson and his coadjutors
upon this floor, in behalf of our beloved Union,
have already met with a warm and cordial re-
sponse from millions i-n all parts of the country;
and we of the North and the West antTthe mid-
dle States, will reecho them back in thunder tones,
and will strike hands with these southern brethren
in fighting the battles of the Constitution and
Union. But back to my point. I will not deal
in empty declamation, for it amounts to nothing.
Facts are what we want, and what the people
want. I have said the very existence of the Union
is threatened; and I have selected several extracts
from speeches made in this House at this session,
as reported in the Congressional Globe, in proof
of this allegation, to let the people and the coun-
try know from'what section and party they have
come.
" ft may be asked, when will the time come when wo
shall separate from the North? I say candidly, if the views
expressed by the gentleman from towaare, as "he says, com-
mon to the Republican party, and if they aie determined to
enforce those views, I declare myself ready to-day. I would
not ask to delay the time a single hour." * v * "But
not only is my district, but, I believe, every district in my
State is prepared to take ground in tavor of a dissolution of
the Union, when you tell them that such are your senti-
ments and purposes."—Hon. O. R. Singleton, Mississippi.
<• The South here asks nothing but its rights. As one of
its Representatives, I would have no more; but as God is
my judge, aa one of its Representatives, I would shatter
this Republic from turret to foundation stone before I would
take one tittle less. [Applause in the galleries.]"—lion. L.
ilf. ICeitt, South Carolina.
" Now, sir, however distasteful it may be to my friend
from New York, [Mr. Clark,] however muehit may revolt
the puhJic sontjment or conseienoe of this country, I am
not ashamed or afraid publicly to avow that the election of
William II. Sewarb, or Salmon P. Chase, or any fc>uch
representative of the Republican party, upon a sectional
platform,, ought to be resisted to the disruption of every tie
that binds tills Confederacy together. [Applause on the
Democratic side of, the House.]"—Hon. J. X. M. Curry,
Alabama.
" I speak for no one but myself and those I have here the
honor to i epresent, and I say, without hesitation, that upon
the election of Mr. Seward, or any other man who in-
dorses and proclaims the doctrines held by him and his
party—call htm by what name you please—I am in favor of
an immediate dissolution of the Union. And, sir, I think
I speak the sentiments of my own constituents, and the
State of South Carotins, when I say sso.';—Hon. Id. L. Bon-
ham, South Carolina.
"Now Pspeak for myself, and not for the delegation.
We have endeavored for forty years to settle this question
between the North and the South, and find it impossible.
I, therefore, am without hope in the Union; so are hun-
dreds of thousand* of my countrymen at home. The most
confiding of all them are, sir, for' equality in the Union or
independence out of it;' having lost all hope of the former,
I am for i independence now, and independence for-
ever.'"—hon. M. J. Crawford, Georgia.
"Gentlemen of the Republican party, I warn you. Pie-
sent your sectional candidate for 1860; elect him as tne
representative of your system of labor; take possession of
the Government as the instrument of your power in this
conflict of < irrepressible conflict,' and we of the South
will tear this Constitution to picces and look to our guns
for justice and right against aggression and wrong Decide,
then, the destinies of this great country. We are prepaied
for the decision."—Hon. R. Davis, Mississippi,
" T shall announce the solemn fact, ditagreeable though
it may be to you as well as to me, to my people as well as
to yours, that if this course of aggression shall be continued,
the people of the South, of the slaveholding States, will be
compelled, by evSry principle of justice, of honor, and of
self-preservation, to < disrupt every tie that binds us to the
Union—peaceably if they can, forcibly if they must.' "—
Hon, L. J. Gartrell, Georgia.
I have not a single word of censure to utter to-
wards those gentlemen who have indulged in the
foregojng remarks; for we are responsible to our
constituents and not to our peers for the senti-
ments we advance upon this floor. We have here
a distinct proposition addressed to the people of
the free States, that there is really an intention on
the part of at least a portion of the South to dis-
solve this Union in a certain contingency, and
that contingency is the election of a Republican
President. The issue is tendered, and in the name
of the people of the North we accept it. We will
try the issue; we will test the strength of the
Union. Here is the alternative presented to the
North; either to abandon their clear, unquestion-
able rights under the Constitution,/reefy to par-
ticipate in the election of a President, or to ac-
knowledge themselves contemptible,servile slaves,
by marching up to the polls under duress. I speak
for myself and for my people when I say if the
Union cannot stand the election and inauguration
of a Republican President, standing upon the
platform of the fathers of the Republic, " let it
slide;" it is not worth preserving a single hour.
And we want no delay in this matter; let the
crisis come in 18G0. The great Republican party
of this country demand that the issue be tried; let
it come, and come in 1860.
^ In the face and eyes of these threats the na-
tional Republican committee have met and issued
their'call to nominate a candidate. This? call em-
bodies so much of real genuine patriotism, is so
eminently national and conservative in its senti-
ments, that I will read itand have it incorporated
into my printed remarks.
" The Republican National Convention A national
Republican convention will meet at Chicago^ on Wednes-
day, the 18th day of June next, at 12 o'clock, (noon.) for the
nomination of candidates for President and Vice President
at the next election.
" The Republican electors of the several States., the mem-
bers of the People's party of Pennsylvania, and of the Op-
position party of New Jersey, and all others who are willing
to co.ipeiate with them in support of the candidates who
shall there be nominated, and who are opposed to the pol-
icy of the present Administration; to Federal corruption
and usuipation; to the extension of slavery into the Teni-
tories; to the new and dangerous political doctrine that the
Constitution, of its own force, carries slavery into all the
Territories of the United States; to the reopeniu* of the
African slave-trade; to any inequality of rights among citi-
zens; and who are in favor of the immediate admission of
Kansas into the Union under the Constitution recently
adopted by its people; of restoring the Federal adminis-
tration to a system of rigid economy; and to the principles
of Washington and Jefferson; of maintaining inviolate the
rights of the States, and defending the soil of evesy Stole
and Territory from lawless invasion; and of presei vmg the
integrity of this Uniop, and the supremacy of the Constitu-
tion and laws passed in pursuance thereof, against the con-
spiracy of the leaders of a sectional party to resist the ma-
jority principle as established by this Government, at the
expense of its existence, are invited to send fiom each
State two delegates from every congressional district, and
four delegates at large, to the convention."
Mr. Chairman, the sun will rise and set, and
