1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
ing of the resolution of the gentleman from North
Carolina.
Mr. CURTIS. I object.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I believe that,
under the parliamentary law, any member has
the right to call for the reading of the resolution.
Mr. CURTIS. The House must decide that
question. It is no use to have it read. Every
member knows what it is.
Mr. WINSLOW. I have not heard it.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. It has undergone
so many twists that I do not know how it stands
now.
Mr. CURTIS. I withdraw my objection to the
reading of the resolution and amendment.
The resolution and amendment were again
read.
Mr. MILLSON. I suppose, Mr. Clerk, that
under the rules now governing our proceedings,
the present question is a debatable one ?
The CLERK. The Clerk understands that,
under the parliamentary law, amotion to lay upon
the table does not preclude debate.
Mr. MILLSON. So I understand. Gentle-
men of the House of Representatives, I rise to
speak in this discussion almost under a sense of
humiliation. I trust that my public course, as a
member of this body, has not been so little ob-
served as not to enable gentlemen to know that I
have had heretofore a fair claim to be considered
temperate in my views and expressions. And
yet, sir, I confess that I have been much disap-
pointed in the character of the debate, as well as
in the sources from which that debate has come.
There is nothing in the proposition submitted
by the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Gil-
mer] to which I might not abstractly assent; but
I trust the gentleman will pardon me for suggest-
ing that such an invitation as that which he has
presented should not now come from a southern
member. Sir, in view of recent occurrences, by
this time known throughout the world, we had
good right to expect that while we remained, as
we should have remained, silent in our seats, gen-
tlemen from other parts of the country, from the
northern portions of the Union, shouldhave come
to meet us with extended hands, and have given
us the assurance that those events were not types
of northern sentiment or northern intents. And,
yet, what do I find ? First, a gentleman from Mis-
souri, next, a gentleman from North Carolina,
comes forward and implores those whose duty it
was, in this emergency, to advance towards us,
to ceasc their hostility, and let us be restored to
quiet and to safety.
Sir, as there is nothing in the resolution of the
gentleman from North Carolina, so also there is
nothing in the resolution of the gentleman from
Missouri, to which I could not yield my assent;
and yet I must frankly avow that I most deeply
regretted the introduction of the resolution by the
gentleman from Missouri, yesterday. Is this a
time when we should seek from others pledges
for our own security? I said I spoke almost
under a sense of humiliation; for it might have
been expected, when gentlemen from southern
States were kind enough to tender to gentlemen
upon the other side an opportunity they had no
right to expect; to offer those assurances which
might, if it be not too late, tend to reassure the
public mind of the South, they would have availed
themselves of that opportunity; but, instead of
availing themselves of the opportunity so ten-
dered, we find the significant fact that those gen-
tlemen have maintained a sullen and most con-
temptuous silence, [laughter from the Republican
benches,] and that they have sought to make no
further use of the opportunity thus gratuitously
offered than to make frequent attempts to prevent
a public expression of the opinion of this House,
by moving to lay all these propositions upon the
table.
Sir, I would have waited to be sought, nor
would I have introduced this question in connec-
tion with one so comparatively unimportant as
the choice of a presiding officer of this body. Sir,
there seems to mo something of an anti-climax in
the resolution of the gentleman from Missouri;
for, sir, the conscious publication and distribution
of inflammatory and seditious writings, tending
and designed to incite the negro population of the
southern States to insurrection, should involve
graver responsibility, and should provoke a more
-solemn retribution, than the mere forfeiture of the
place of Speaker of this body. One who con-
sciously, deliberately, and of purpose, lent his
name and influence to the propagation of such
writings is not only not fit to be Speaker, but is
not fit to live. [Applause and hisses in the gal-
lery.] Sir, I will not attempt to penetrate the
hidden sanctions which, in the relations between
himself and his Maker, regulate human conduct,
by saying he is not fit to die.
I know that gentlemen yesterday availed them-
selves of the opportunity to declare that their sig-
natures were obtained to the paper in question
without any proper notion of the contents of the
paper, or of the character of the work recom-
mended. I know how apt gentlemen are at times
hastily and inconsiderately to subscribe their
names to papers which are signed by others, and
I will not, and I feel no disposition to hold to a
rigid responsibility gentlemen who take occasion
to disavow aiding the circulation of any writing
for the purpose and in the hope of inciting the
slaves of the southern States to rebellion and in-
surrection. My remarks are intended only for
those—if there be such here—who did, of purpose,
deliberately andintentionally, with full knowledge
of the character of the production which they
aimed to circulate throughout the country, con-
sent nevertheless to aid in its publication. It was
for them only that I spoke; and I yet trust, sir,
that the number of them may be but small.
However that be, sir, we were entitled to spon-
taneous and gratuitous assurances from the gen-
tlemen whose names were subscribed to that doc-
ument. It is not for us to invite them to that
explanation; and it is for that reason that I re-
gret that my friend from Missouri introduced his
resolution, and I should even now prefer to have
it withdrawn; although, as I have already said,
there is nothing in it which, if it passes to a vote,
I cannot give my assent to. I take the liberty
again to say that it seems to me to bo rather un-
gracious that gentlemen, considering the position
m which wo stand, should attempt to suppress
the expression of opinion by the House in regard
to the subjects contained in that book.
Mr. CLARK, of New York, took the floor; but
yielded to Mr. Sherman.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Clerk, I have, until
this moment, disregarded this debate, because I
presumed it was simply thrown at the House at
this time for the purpose of preventing an organ-
ization. But the manner of the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Millson]—my respect for his long
experience in this House; my respect for his
character, and the serious impression which this
matter seems to have made on his mind—induce
me to say now what I have to say. I ask that
the letter which I send up may be read.
The following letter was thereupon read from
the Clerk's desk;
Washington City, December 6, 1859.
Dear Sir : I perceive that a debate has arisen in Con-
gress in which Mr. Helper's book, the " Impending Crisis,"
is brought up as an exponent of Republican principles. As
the names of many loading Republicans are presented as
recommending a compendium of the volume, it is proper
that I should explain how those names were obtained in
advance of the publication. Mr. Helper brought his book to
me at Silver Spring to examine and recommend, if I thought
well of it, as a work to be encouraged by Republicans. 1
had never seen it before. After its perusal, 1 either wrote
to Mr, Helper, or told him that it was objectionable m many
particular, to which I adverted; and he promised me,in
writing, that he would obviate the objections by omitting
entirely or altering the matter objected to.
I understand that it was in consequence of his assurance
to me that the obnoxious matter in the original publication
would be expurgated, that numbers of Congress and other
influential men among the Republicans were indnccd to
give their countenance to the circulation of the edition so
to be expurgated.
F. P. BLAIR,
Hon. John Sherman. Silver Spring.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not recollcct signing
the paper referred to; but I presume, from my
name appearing in the printed list, that I did sign
it. I therefore make no excuse of that kind. I
never have read Mr. Helper's book, or the com-
pendium founded upon it. I have never seen a
copy of either. And here, Mr. Clerk, I might
leave the matter; but as many harsh things have
been said about me, I desire to say that since I
have been a member of this House 1 have always
endeavored to cultivate the courtesies and kind rela-
tions that are due from one gentleman to another.
I never addressed to any member such language
as I have heard to-day. I never desire such
language to be addressed to me, if I can avoid it.
I appeal to my public record, during a.period of
four years, in this body; and I say now that there
is not a single question agitating the public mind.,
not a single topic on which there can be sectional
jealousy or sectional controversy, unless gentle-
men on the other side of the House thrust such
subjects upon us. I repeat, not a single question.
"We have pursued a course of studied silence. It
is our intention to organize the House quietly,
decently, in order, without vituperations; and we
trust to show to members on all sides of the
House that the party with which I have the honor
to act can administer this House and administer
this Government [applause from the galleries and
the Republican benches] without trespassing on
the rights of any.
Mr. KEITT, (in his seat.) Only one half of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I say then that I, for one,
would not trespass on a right of a single southern
citizen; and I defy any man to show anywhere a
word that I have uttered that would lead to a dif-
ferent conclusion. The signing of that paper,
and the book, every member of the House can
appreciate without my saying a word about it.
I have said more than I designed, and I trust
that hereafter gentlemen on the o^er side of the
House will observe the courtesiep-'due from one
gentleman to another. I have always observed
such courtesies to them. While newspapers may
call names, let me say, that this is notthe place for
epithets; itis^the place for reason and argument,
Mr. LEAKE. 1 desire to make a remark in
reply to the observations that have fallen from the
lips of the Abolition candidate for the Speakership
of this House, [hisses from the Republican
benches.] I beg gentlemen when they hiss to
remember that Rome was saved-when the geese
cackled. I understand thaAhe Abolition candi-
date for the Speakership admits that he signed
that recommendation, and puts in a special plea of
non est factum—that he signed it without knowing
its contents. The letter which he has sent up ana
had read, from Mr. Blair, says that there was a
vague promise to correct certain errors in the
book before he would be responsible forit; but the
gentleman from Ohio has not yet told us whether
he was aware of any change in the book from the
time ho signed the recommendation up to this
moment. 1 wish to know from that gentleman
and those who sustain him, whether he and they
indorse the sentiments of that book as published
in the New York Herald? He has not yet dis-
avowed one solitary sentiment announced in the
publication in the Herald. I have not yet seen a
full copy of the book itself. We, on this side,
arc entitled to know who it is that we are to elect
Speaker, whether we are to elect a man who, while
I am hero in the discharge of my public duties, is
stimulating my negroes at home to apply the torch
to my dwelling and the knife to the throats of my
wife and helpless children. Hehas notdisavowed
it; nor has anybody in this House disavowed the
sentiment yet.
Mr. KILGORE. I have.
Mr. LEAKE. I am now applying to the can-
didate on the other side. I am for holding him
up to face the music on this question; and it has
got to bo faced before the close of this discussion
—and the sooner the better. I want to know from
the gentleman from Ohio, the candidate of the
Abolition party in this Hall, (I call things by their
right names,) if he says that he is opposed to any
interference with the subject of slavery, outside
the Halls of Congress as well as in them ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Allow me to say, once for
all, (and I have said it five times on this floor,)
that I am opposed to any interference whatever
by the people of the free States with the relations
of master and slave in the slave States. [Applause
in the Hall and galleries.]
Mr. LEAKE. The gentleman says he an-
nounced that sentiment five different times—will
he be kind enough to tell me the last occasion that
he announced it ?
Several Members on the Republican benches.
Now, just now ! [Laughter.]
Mr. LEAKE. What was the first time? [Re-
newed laughter.] Sir, upon the 9th day of March
last,this publication in relation to Helper's book
was written with that gentleman's signature affixed
to it, in which he'is pledged to revolution in the
South, to throttle slavery, and to abolish the insti-
tution—peaceably if he can, forcibly if he must.
That was his pledge. Now, I want to know
