THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED 33Y JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Cosgre&s, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JUNE 14, 16G0.
New Series No. 184.
this economical Housoof Black Republicans would
not vote, was to pay honest contractors and hon-
est laborers, and to carry out works already com-
menced, and which were going to dilapidation for
the want of money, and wo deemed it true econ-
omy to continue them, whatever our opinion may
have been as to the policy of their commence-
ment. The rest of the amendments were put on
the bill without the sanction ot'tlie Finance Com-
mittee and at the instance of other committees and
by vote of the Senate. You passed your printing
amendment, remodeling the contracts for the State
Papers, and enlarging the grounds around the
Capitol; and i believe that amendment will cost
you £>2,000,000. I so stated last night. I know
it was stated that they were assessed at £>16^,000.
I had seen the assessment, and 1 had seen a claim
of the owners very lately in excess of that as-
sessment. Assessing te pay taxes and to sell to
Government are two very different things.
1 say the genera! policy lias been forgentlemen
on the other side to support such propositions.
They ask, do I hold the Republican party respons-
ible: Not at all, as a party. 1 know they are very
weak, and 1 hope they will always be so, for 1
have no idea that they can stand very long, J do
not thinK, if they were left to themselves, they
would stand twelve months. I have no idea that
they could carry on the Government if left to
themselves. Their experiments have been very
bad. i see by the accounts from New Yoik, in
the Democratic, Republican, and independent pa-
pers, that they got hold of the government of New
York and sold their legislation to the first bidder.
That is the charge of their own constituents. I
do not know whether it is true or false, but it
seems to meet with universal credence in the local-
ity affected by it. if they cannot be trusted at
home with a State Legislature, in the name of
Heaven what will they not do here, wheie the
stakes are so much more,and the responsibility so
much less? Here is a paity that is for ictrcneh-
nient and reform! 1 will not say anything about
the lutie Wisconsin transaction, because tiiat has
passed away.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. Mr. President 
Mr. TOOMBS, i hope the gentleman will take
his seat, i will not say a word about it.
Mr. DOOLLTTLE. The honorable Senator
from Georgia had better come to the Yazoo grant
and the action of the Legislature of Georgia on
the Yazoo grant, when the people of Georgia,
much to the credit of that State, came together
and would not touch the records of the Legisla-
ture, but burnt them. The people of Wisconsin,
disgraced as they have been by a corrupt Legis-
lature in that State, have gone through very
much the same proceeding, by an investigation
which has stamped the men who had any con-
nection with it, and settled them forever in the
State of Wisconsin from having any connection
whatever with public affairs.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, I will tell you
the difference. We did have four or five men
who weie bribed and sold us. The State was
new, full of advcnturcis, and some of them of the
worst kind, from all paits of the Union. We did
draw do\v n fire from heaven to consume the fraud-
ulent record; but the people did more; they took
the lives of some of the culprits, and ran all the
rest out of the State, and kept them out as wan-
derers and outcasts; but the case was dillercnt
in Wisconsin; the corruption was so universal
that it gave immunity to the criminals. There
seems not to have been public virtue enough, or
honest men enough, in the State, to punish the
rogues. What have you doner i have not heard.
1 understood they bribed the judges, bribed the
Governor, and both parties in the Legislature; but
1 have not heard uf anybody being killed, or
brought to justice, or even compelled to flee from
justice, in Wisconsin.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Perhaps the difference
between the Republican and Democratic parties
in the State of Wisconsin has been that the Re-
publican party in Wisconsin have condemned the
transaction and all men connected with it, and
184
have never nominated a man for any office or any
position in that State who had any connection
with it; whereas the Democratic party of Wis-
consin .have nominated such men for office in that
State; but they have been very sadly beaten, even
at the hands of their own friends; so that the De-
mocracy of Wiseonsin as well as the Republicans
have condemned the transaction and the men who
made it.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 can understand that. It
seems they were all in it, both Democrats and
Republicans: and it seems nobody was punished
or otherwise injured for such acts, except to the
extent of failing in an election.
Mr. President, 1 have not sought this discus-
sion. My remaiks before the recess were in de-
fense of the course of the committee mid the con-
duct of the Democratic party—a reply provoked
by the remai ks of the Senator fi om Rhode Island.
Hi: commenced condemning the Administration;
unconsciously, peihaps, for he disclaimed it, and
I accepted it.
Mr. SIMMONS. What was it I said?
Mr. TOOMBS. I say my remarks were in
reply to you. 1 sought no discussion on this
question. I stated the facts only and very briefly.
You were denouncing the Democratic party and
the Administration.
Mr. SiMMONS. I was talking about the esti-
mates.
Mr. TOOMBS. So far as concerns the lemarks
of the Senator from Massachusetts, he is wholly
mistaken. Ho showed no fact. I deny that the
appropilalions have ever been within the esti-
mates during the last four years. They have
exceeded them unifounly during this Admmistia-
tion, and such has been the usual i esult for many
yars past. You may cut down sometimes to
defeat the Administration. You have erot a ma-
jority in the other House, and you may some-
times cut down something that is good, something
tluu is efficient, m order to make a party point:
but when it comes to general disbursement or gen-
eral profusion, the Opposition is true to its policy
of extravagance as the needle to the pole. A
portion of the Democratic party has not been true
to its policy. But whatever th^re was of sound-
ness, whatever obedience to constitutional re-
straint, whatever there was of retrenchment,
whatever there was of sticking to the old land-
marks, whatever there was to put down excessive
taxation, whatever there was to put down exu av-
azant expenditures, all, all must be found exclu-
sively in the tanks of the Democratic party.
Mr. SIMAiONS. I desire to correct an im-
pression that prevails with the Senator from Alas-
sachusetts. that i ever estimated any amount of
importations that were to come into this country.
He said everybody thought that I had overesti-
mated the importations.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator is mistaken; I
did not say a word on the estimates.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am talking to somebody
on this side. Cannot I talk to anybody but the
Senator from Georgia ? I am not attacked by the
Senator from Georgia alone; but I find 1 have got
people o\er here who like to find fault with my
estimates. I never gave an opinion as to what
would be the importations of a year m my life.
I always go hack to what they have been, and
make a calculation upon them; but I do not say
what the importations will be. I would notgive
an opinion as to what would be the amount of
importation. But the Senator says everybody
thought that I estimated them too small, i im\e
not made any estimate at all. That is all 1 have
to say mi that point. I geueiaily base my calcu-
lations of revenue upon what the importations
have been hitherto; and that is what the Senator
from Georgia and I had along controversy about,
the percentages of the two tariffs. I can find it
in the Globe, and if I had it here I would read it
to him. I stated to him, when he disputed me
upon this point, that theic would be no more than
so much percentage; that the average importa-
tion for the last few years was *,468,000,009. 1
remember it as well as if it were yesterday. I do
not desire an issue on the subject. Now the im-
portations for 1855 and 1856, before this'tariff Wa*
altered, went into the warehouse. There was
an importation of over six hundred million in
those two years, or not quite six hundred mil-
lion—$262,000,000 and $314,000,000; and upon
these, $314,000,000 in 1856, the duties were
$64,000,000 under the old tariff. The last year
the importations were $338,000,000, and the du-
ties were ^49,000,000-~$24,000,000 more of im-
portations and $15,000,000 less of revenue. Any-
body can cipher it out. I have got it here, but
1 will not undeitake to cipher it out to-night, beL
cause it is too dark to see; but in every estimate
that I have made, I have taken the importations
of former years and stated what the income was
under one tariff, and what under the other, and
drawing my comparison. The Senator from
Geoigia saicl I missed it $8,000,000?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, about eight.
Air. SIMMONS. I never said anything about
it. 1 only said that if you import but $268,000,000,
you would not get over $40,000,000 of revenue;
but if you imported $338,000,000, you would get
more. I estimate upon the amount of importa-
tion. I said that the revenue would not he much
more than fourteen or fifteen per cent. That is
what I said; and if you will look at the debate
you will find it so.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will look at the debate.
Mr. SIMMONS. You recollect it.
Mr. TOOMBS. Very well; b"Ut not the way
vou do.
' Mr. SIMMONS. Of $360,000,000 of imports
that came in during the last year of the old tanff,
there were $36,000,009 that, went into warehouse,
and not enteicd until after the new tariff went into
operation. There was one hundred per cent, duty
on them, and they waited until it was thirty; and
if anybody will look at the warehouse books on
the 1st of July, 1857, upon goods m the Mare-
house, there were $16,000,000 due to the Treas-
ury. As to the duties on the £36,000,000entered
in warehouse, £,10,000,000 had been paid in. That
was an income on what had been imported the
year before. That is the way I make it out, and
that is the way the Treasury report if. If I had
the books I could show you a defalcation in that
warehouse account; that there was more revenue
set than the goods entered in 1858—than the high-
est rate would give them on every dollar there.
I anticipate another Fowler defalcation when the
warehouse system breaks up; and that is the place
where, in my opinion, the corruption fund comes
fiom; it is charged ovtrupon these goods in ware-
house.
Now, the Senator has charged people on tins
side with all sorts of projects of expenditures. He
has gone back to 1789. I was not horn then, but
I; I have gotclnldien that were born about the time
j that heVas: and I can remember the people wiio
K lived about those times, and a more honorable and
| honest set of people never did live in this country,
j' Some of those survived this pension law. The
i: sacrifices they made to free this country made them
| poor in their old aire, and they applied here for a
pension: and nobody that has an honest heart in
j j his bosom would begru Ige it to them, or denounce
;! them 
: Mr. TOOMBS. What did the Senator say?
,i Mr. SIMMONS. 1 say that no man should
" denounce those who have sacrificed their fortunes
in freeing their country, because they called on the
: Go vermnen t to give them a pension in their old age.
Mi. TOOMBS. i do it. I wanted to know what
the denunciation was.
; Mr. SIMAIONS. Do you denounce the revo-
! lutionary men who took pensions i
i i Mr. TOOMBS. I say that the men who voted
K pensions betrayed the country,
'i Mr. SIMMONS. WTho voted for pensions to
|i revolutionary soldiers?
!' Mr. TOOMBS. I consider that any man who
;; did so betrayed the country; and I want to hear
'{ the denunciation.
'' j Mr. SIMMONS. You ha?e different notions
II of patriotism from what I have.
