22
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
■whether he disavows the document to which he
has placed his signature ? He has not said it, and
he will not say xt. Nobody on that side of the
House will say it.
Mr. CURTIS. I wish to correct the gentle-
man from Virginia. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] has disavowed any knowledge
of this pamphlet at the time he signed that paper;
and it is clearly disclosed by the letter of Mr.
Blair, which h'as been read, that at that time the
compendium had not been published. I, as one
whose name appears on that paper—and I have
no doubt every man who signed it does the same
—disavow and condcmn anything like an attempt
upon the part of the North to interfere with the
relation between master and slave in the slave
States. In every speech I have made in the dis-
trict which I represent, I have always said that
it is the purpose and design of the Republican
party not to interfere with slavery in the States
where it exists; and I say there is no Republican
in this Hall who is in favor of interfering with
such relations. Why do gentlemen persist in try-
ing to put us in a false position ? I disavow every-
thing contained in that pamphlet or any other
which carries ffjg idea that any man in the North
is in favor of lifting up insurrection and blood-
shed in the South; on the contrary, they have
everywhere endeavored to prevent it.
Mr. RUST. What portion of the pamphlet do
you indorse? You signed the recommendation.
Mr. CURTIS. I say I never read that pam-
phlet- I indorsed the proposition of a compend-
ium containing tabular statements and historical
extracts for general use.
Mr. RUST. What was their design ?
Mr. CURTIS. They were designed to be
circulated for the "Benefit of the human race.
[Laughter.!
Mr. PALMER. I rise to a question of order.
I understand that the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Clark] is entitled to the floor. He yielded
temporarily to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman.]
Mr. LEAKE. No, sir, I was entitled to the
floor.
The CLERK. The gentleman from New York
obtained the floor and gave way to the gentleman
from Ohio. The Clerk did not observe that the
gentleman from New York claimed the floor,
when the gentleman from Ohio concluded; he
then assigned the floor to the gentleman from
Virginia.
Mr. LEAKE. I have the floor, then. Now let
us come back to the only point which the gentle-
man from Iowa is making upon us. We may as
well meet them as they arise, for I warn gentle-
men on the other side that the " Impending Crisis
at the South" has got to be met, and we of the
South are going to settle it as we go. What is the
issue that the gentleman from Iowa makes now'
Even the gentleman from Ohio, the candidate,
the recognized exponent of gentlemen upon that
side of the House, the gentleman for whom they
vote for Speaker, acknowledges that he signed
that paper, but puts in the plea of non est factum
—"please God, I did not know what I signed "
It will be his duty, as Speaker, to sign your
bills when they arc enrolled. If you elect him,
he must certify to them before they can have
the force of law, and ho will hereafter seek to
evade responsibility, by saying—>"1 signed the,
bill, but I did not know what the face of the bill
contained upon it." That is the position of the
gentleman from Ohio. He signed this paper, but
he did not know what was in it. I hold that a
man is disqualified when he puts in a plea of utter
ignorance in signing so important a paper as this.
Here is a paper containing incendiary princi-
ples, and bearing upon its face a declaration of
war, internecine war, internal war, social war,
domestic war upon the South, and we are told by
Mr. Prank P. Blair, of Silver Spring, that his can-
didate for Speaker of thisHouse signed this paper,
involving the highest and holiest considerations
known to American citizens, without knowing
what he did! Sir,'' ignorance of law excuses no
man," is a maxim as old as the common law it-
self; and I hold that any man who puts in that
plea is disqualified for the office, and I would vote
against him for that reason, if for no other.
Now, one word in reference to the proposition
of the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Gil-
mer.] I understood him to say that the proposi-
tion contained in the resolution of the gentleman
from Missouri was, in fact, embodied in his amend-
ment. I can see no reason, then, why we should
not drop one; and I ask that gentleman why he
wants to strike out the resolution of the gentleman
from Missouri and insert bis own ? I appeal to
that gentleman to know if he is "opposed to any
proposition contained in the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Missouri ?
Mr. GILMER. I have already explained that.
For the reason that while my resolution embraces
all that is contained in the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Missouri, it goes a great deal fur-
ther. It declares that we cannot and will not
elect, as Speaker of this House, any man whose
sentiments are not known to conform to the opin-
ions expressed in my resolution. The resolution
the gentleman is so zealously in favor of simply
declares that we will not vote for any man who
is in favor of these inflammatory appeals. But for
a reason that my friend will understand, and that
I have expressed, the resolution offered by me is
in calm, dispassionate terms, well calculated to
allay this unfortunate excitement. I do it from
a solemn regard for the best interests of my coun-
try and the best interests of the South. That I
conceive to be the great purpose—and I speak it
with great deference—of the resolution of the
gentleman from Missouri. If there is any mis-
understanding now, I could not multiply words
that would make it plainer.
Mr. LEAKE. It was said by Talleyrand, I
believe, that words are employed to conceal ideas.
I confess that the remarks of the gentleman from
North Carolina have succeeded in accomplishing
that object. I still want to know of the gentle-
man whether there is anything in the resolution
of the gentleman from Missouri which he con-
demns? He has not yet answered that question.
Mr. GILMER. My resolution answers it.
Mr. LEAKE. Answer it upon the floor. Lot
us come to the point. I ask the gentleman from
North Carolina to come right to the point. When
he interrupts me for explanation, I want him to
make that explanation so clear that I can under-
stand what he means. Why has he put these
abstract declarations ?
Mr. GILMER. Is it the purpose of the gen-
tleman to get at the point whether or not I am in
favor of the sentiments expressed in the Helper
pamphlet? If it is, I will only say that I have
already very freely expressed myself against
them. I have characterized them as infamous.
Mr. LEAKE. Put yourself upon the record.
Mr. GILMER. I have put myself upon the
record just where I want to be.
Mr. LEAKE. Exactly; and that is just no-
where at all. [Laughter.]
Mr. GILMER. I leave it to the country to
decide that. I go before the country upon my
record.
Mr. LEAKE. If you came to old Virginia, I
could beat you on that issue.
Mr. GILMER. I will go before the country
anywhere upon the record which I choose to make
up.
Mr. LEAKE. So you may in Virginia, and
so may any man'—anybody except Ossawatomic
Brown, or his first cousin. But we arc as far at
sea as wc were before about these propositions.
The gentleman has not dared to meet the ques-
tion. What is it in the resolution of the gentle-
man from Missouri which he condemns ? If it
is right, why not adopt it; if wrong, why not
reject it? If the gentleman's resolution contains
any idea not contained in the original resolution,
why then offer it as an addition ? Why not let
the original resolution stand as it is ? 1 will tell
you, Mr. Clerk, what is the true secret. Yes, I
will put it upon the record. Certain combina-
tions which have been formed upon this floor may
be broken up, and a man not now prominent may
become the most available candidate for Speaker
at last. There is the true solution of this whole
difficulty. I have come here unpledged and un-
committed to anybody—ready to vote for any man
who is loyal to the Constitution and the country,
whatever his party affinities may have been. I am
ready to do so now. I have my own preference;
and I shall vote for that preference until I find that
I can do better by voting for some one else, when
I am ready to change front.
Those gentlemen, on the other hand, want to
harmonize upon a platform that is fatal to the
country. We of the South, upon our side, de-
mand that we shall know what proposition is
agreeable to them. When we state what propo-
sition is agreeable to us, we cannot get them to
the point. I ask the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] whether he disavows the sentiments of
that pamphlet, and he refuses to answer; and the
gentleman from North Carolina refuses to say
whether there is anything in the resolution of the
fentleman from Missouri which he condemns.
le refuses to answer, and contents himself with
a sort of fillibuster movement, adopting a platform
embracing the platforms of opposite parties, I be-
lieve, the resolutions of the conventions which
met at Philadelphia and Baltimore. He indorses
both sides of the question, and says all sides ought
to vote for his resolution, because he has both
sides in it. Whilst I am ready to indorse the
sentiments of his preamble, I contend that we
have a point before us, and that point we cannot
and will not surrender under any circumstances.
We hold that a man who indorses the sentiments
of that Helper pamphlet is unfit to be Speaker,
unfit to hold any office, unfit to hold a seat upon
this floor, because he comes here sworn to de-
stroy the Constitution, and everything we hold
sacred.
Mr. Clerk, I wanted to say these things, and I
have said them very plainly. I have now done.
Whatever may be the result, I will abide the
issue; but I warn gentlemen on all sides that
there is much more in this than they seem to
think.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Mr. Clerk, I
have listened with interest, and pleasure, as I
always do, to the remarks made by the honorable
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Millson;] and,
during the scenes of the last Congress, I becamft
so perfectly convinced of his truth, his sincerity,
and his moderation, that I am unwilling to per-
mit the occasion to pass without some observa-
tions from even as humble an individual as myself.
Sir, he put a question, a very proper question, to
gentlemen from the North, why no one of them
has expressed his opinions in respect of the recent
invasion of Virginia by some persons alleged to
be northern men? Since that gentleman has
spoken, I feel that I cannot, in justice to the
North, maintain my silence. The reason, sir,
why I presume no gentleman of the North has
spoken before is, I suppose, because no one has
believed that anybody was serious in charging
upon the North complicity in, or approval of, the
transactions of John Brown in Virginia. We
never even dreamed that we should be charged
with such complicity. [Applause upon the floor
and in the galleries.] But, while my friend from
Virginia was speaking, it for the first time-flashed
upon my mind that gentlemen from the southern
States in this House may really have imagined
that the North was not conservative of the peace
and security of the country. Sir, the North is
conservative—eminently, enduringly conserva-
tive. Has she no interest in the preservation of
the Union ? Has she no homes to secure, no
wealth to preserve ? Has she no love for the prin-
ciples of popular liberty, to perpetuate which that
Union was founded ? If this charge be made in
seriousness, you will hear from the North one
shriek of indignation if they believe that they
are even suspected of approving, of encourag-
ing, of inciting transactions such as those which,
it seems to me, have, unreasonably excited our
brethren of the South.
_ Mr. Clerk, I understood my friend from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Millson] to express his regret that
the resolution had been offered by the gentleman
from Missouri. I participate, sir, in that regrfet
to this extent: Having never read the book re-
ferred to in the resolution read from your desk, I
am in ignorance at this moment how I should vote
on the resolution. I will certainly not vote upon
it until I have examined the book alleged to be
insurrectionary. But, the resolution offered by
the honorable gentleman from North Carolina is
one that I understand, and one for which I can
vote with pleasure. That resolution prescribes a
platform upon which I stand, and upon which I
believe the people of the North, with almost entire
unanimity, stand this day. [Applause upon the
floor and in the galleries.]
Mr. Clerk, it is frequently asserted upon the
floor of this House, (it was asserted during the
last Congress,) that the northern people are Abo-
