1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
litionists. Now, sir, I assert that that assertion
is not true; nor is there the slightest foundation
for it. 1 have attained to something of years, and
I never saw a practical Abolitionist until I came to
the city of Washi ngton, [Laughter and applause.]
Sir, there is not one in my district—if there is,
I never sa%v him. I deny that any considerable
or respectable number of the people of the North
ever sympathized in the slightest degree with the
invasion of the homes of the people of Virginia
by armed men in the night, with weapons at hand
to place in the hands of an enslaved race, while
women and children were resting 111 sleep and
supposed security. The charge is a slander upon
(he North which respectable men, direful of them-
selves and of their statements, and conservative
of character, as is my friend from Virginia, [Mr.
Mtllson.] ought never to utter.
Mr. MILLSON. Did the gentleman from New
York understand mo as expressing the opinion
that the people of the North did approve the act?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I understood the
gentleman to raise an inquiry why some gentle-
men upon this floor had not taken the occasion
to disabuse the minds of southern gentlemen of
their impressions.
Mr. MILLSON. Upon the happening of this
affair at Harper's Ferry, I freely expressed the
opinion that no considerable portion of the northern
people could approve the act of Crown and his as-
sociates, and I did expect that they would hasten
to give the southern people assurances of that
fact; and all that I said to-day was to express my
regret that, instead of our inviting an expression
of opinion from the North, the members from the
North had not themselves gratuitously and vol-
untarily come forward and given us that assurance
which, under the circumstances, would have been
graceful, and which certainly we had the right to
expect.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I have already
stated that I cannot think that the southern people
seriously believe that the North, or any consid-
erable number of the people of the North, in any
manner sympathized with or were responsible
for that invasion. The intelligence of that affair
came down upon the North like a clap of thunder
in a cloudless sky. So hurried were the proceed-
ings and so great was the excitement with which
Virginia vindicated the wrong and asserted the
course of public justice, that the scene closed al-
most before the North, where justice generally
drags its length more slowly, had time to ascer-
tain and calmly weigh the facts and circumstances.
The people of the South have no right to com-
plain of the people of the North if they do not
sympathize with them in their peculiar views upon
the abstract question of slavery. But they have
the right to complain, and to complain bitterly, if
it were true that the North, or any considerable
number of the people of the North, or of the peo-
ple of any State of the North, great or small,
would sanction, justify, or even sympathize
with such a transaction as that to which reference
has been made. When that time arrives, if ever,
it will not be worth while to talk about the disso-
lution of the Union. The Union will have been
already dissolved
Mr. LEAKE. I wish to ask the gentleman if
the Rev. Doctor Cheever, in the gentleman's own
district, did not preach a sermon justifying, out
and out, the Harper's Ferry outrage ?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I do not know.
Mr. LEAKE. I understand it to be true that
he did.
Mr. CLARK, ofNcw York. If he did, I submit
it to that honorable gentleman, whether a constit-
uency, the wealthiest in the American Union, and
one of the most populous, is responsible for the
acts of a clergyman, who, in the exercise of his
parochial office to his own flock may have, per-
haps, expressed the sentiments of his heart upon
the subject of slavery ?
I will here say a few words upon the subject
of slavery. I will not, in this presence, deny the
fact that there is a great difference of sentiment
upon the abstract subject of slavery between the
people of the North and the people of the South.
It was not long since that this contrariety of sen-
timent might exist, and yet the nationality of no
man be questioned. I supposed, when I came
into the Thirty-Fifth Congress, that every man,
from whatever part of the Union, was at liberty
to think and feel, with reference to that great
question of slavery, as he might. I have never
sought to impeach the nationality of a gentleman
from the South because he might have even as-
serted on this floor the opinion that '• slavery was
the highest type of civilization," as I have here
heard it once expressed; and I am unwilling that
those northern men who differ, toto coslo, should,
for that cause, have their nationality questioned.
When gentlemen attribute to the people of the
North a want of nationality and a design of de-
stroying the Union and of invading the homes and
firesides of the South, simply because they do not
concur with the opinions of southern men as here
expressed, I think we have the right to throw back
the charge of injustice.
I am one of those men of the North who stand
to-day upon the platforms referred to by my friend
from North Carolina. Although not in public
life, I approved of the adjustment; and I have al-
ready said that, in my judgment, a majority of
the people of the North, at this very hour, would
approve the sentiments expressed in the resolu-
tion of my friend from North Carolina, [Mr. Gil-
mer.] But it is not to be controverted that the
slavery agitation is not at rest. It has absorbed and
destroyed our national polities. It has overrun
State politics. It has even invaded our munici-
palities; and now, in some form or other, every-
where controls the elections of the people. It is
well, upon this occasion, in advance of the organ-
ization of the House, to inquire who is in fault in
respect to this matter ? I think I can express an
opinion that is at least candid—candid, if not just;
forT am attached to nogreatpolitical organization;
and, to speak the truth wholly and sincerely,
sympathize with none. I regard the politics of the
country as in a deplorable condition—more dan-
gerous, if anything, to its peace and security than
the slavery question.
But I will just call attention to these various
agitations upon the question of slavery, occurring
since the year 1850, with a view to inquire whose
fault it is that this agitation is rekindled? What
was the first great question which arose, since
1850, to disturb the quiet of the country? We all
know that'it grew out of the territorial organiza-
tion of Kansas and Nebraska, and when the com-
promise—time-honored, and upon which the
JNorth reposed—was repealed.
Mr. KEITT. Will the gentleman from New
York allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. With pleasure.
Mr. KEITT. The gentleman says that this
agitation sprung up on the repeal of the Missouri
line, and that that was sacrosanct in the sentiment
and heart of the northern people. I ask him
whether, after the passage of the Missouri com-
promise bill, his own State Legislature did not
repudiate it, and did not instruct its Senators in
Congress to vote to expunge it from the statute
book ?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. If I had time, I
would refer to the incident alluded to. The repeal
of the Missouri line was, I admit, accomplished
by the aid of the votes of the party to which 1 was
then attached, and of which I claim, at this hour,
to be a member entitled to good and regular stand-
ing, [laughter;] but, sir, it shocked the sentiment
of the people of the North
Mr. KEITT. Did you repudiate it when you
were first a candidate for Congress?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I will answer
the question of my friend in one moment. It was
not my fortune, Mr. Cleik, to lia\e been in pub-
lic life when that measure was proposed. If 1 had
been, I have no doubt that I should have given my
vote against it. I foresaw the mischief to which it
has given rise, and that a race of emigration would
commence from the North and the South which
might lead to just such struggles in the Territories
as the last few years have witnessed. But, sir, I
gai/c that repeal my assent;and why? Because I
thought, ana at this hour I think, that the repeal
of the Missouri line is not necessarily inconsistent
with the principles of the compromise of 1850, to
which all parties were pledged. And, sir, if it,
the new system, had been honestly carried into
effect—if fraud and wrong and violence had not
pervaded Kansas: if there had not been an inva-
sion there from beyond her borders, which was
as foul as that which has been recently practiced
on Virginia; if there had not been an attempt in
the last Congress to force her into the Union un-
der a constitution violative of the wishes and in-
terests of the people, the country and this House
would not at this hour be in the state of excite-
ment in which we find it. I will now answer any ■
question of the gentleman from South Carolina^
Mr. KEITT. I ask whether, your own State
did not repudiate the Missouri compromise, and
instruct her Senators in Congress to vote'to'exs
punge it from the statute book?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I believe they
did: but, sir, the people of the State of New Yost
have more than once approved the Kansas-Ne-
braska act as a thing done.
Mr. LAMAR. As the gentleman from New
■y ork seems to • have the aptitude for answering
questions, 1 will ask him one. I understand that
he looks upon the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise as the cause oftheoutragesthatfollou'ed;
will he inform the House, whether the reputed
author of the bill which abrogated that line was
a southern man or not?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I am coming to
that in a moment. The point would not have
escaped me. Sir, I take the opportunity here to
say m regard to the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois, with whom, in his honorable canvass in
1858, no man in the Union sympathized more
strongly than I did and do, that, though he in-
troduced the measure, yet I cannot overlook the
fact, that it was carried principally by the votes
of southern gentlemen, and that the first great
attempted violation of the principle asserted in
1850 and reasserted in the Kansas-Nebraska bill,
was made by members of this House from the
South, in opposition to the remonstrance of its
author. That fact will not be controverted.
Sir, I will take the further liberty to say, in
regard to the honorable Senator from Illinois, that
his action in the last Congress on the question of
Kansas assures me of the entire integrity with
which, in 1854, he advocated the repeal of the
Missouri compromise as within the scope of tl%?
adjustment of 1850; and, sir, had he taken any
other course, had he been justly subject to the
charge of having sought to repeal that line for
the purpose of forcing slavery north of 36° 30",
and of having endeavored to give effect to that
scheme in the Thirty-Fifth Congress, I wouKl
give him my vote no sooner than I would no3jr
vote for John Brown were he living.
Mr. Clerk, I have already occupied the atten-
tion of the House longer than perhaps I shouBl
have done, in view of the point to which I rosd,
and I will close by simply asserting, that there is
but one rest for this slavery agitation. Look for
it where you will, there is but one; and that is,
by the country, with one common spirit, uniting
and standing strong and firm on the platform on
which the whole South stood in 3856—the plat-
form on which I believe, were a calm and sober
appeal made to the people of the North, they will
be ready to stand to-tlay. Sir, non-intervention
with the question of slavery in the States and in
the Territories is essential to the peace and secu-
rity and good order of the country. I hope that
1 have said enough to assure my honorable friend
from Virginia [Mr. Miixson]—than whom no
man in the House has more of my respect—that
there is at least a portion of the people of the
North, and at least some portion of those mem-
bers of this House from the North, who stand in
antag<fnism to the present Administration, who
have no responsibility for, or sympathy with, the
transaction in Virginia that has given rise to an
excitement which, though natural, is nevertheless
dangerous and unnecessary.
Mr. KEITT. I concede that there are mem-
bers of the House from the North who are loyal to
the Constitution. I concede that there are persons
at the North who are loyal to the Constitution.
That, however, is not the pointbefore us for con-
sideration; and I do not mean to be diverted froiij
the present attitude of this question by any col-
lateral issue. I do not mean to discuss whether
the repeal of the Missouri line, in 1854, was wise
or unwise—whether the doctrine of intervention
or noiv-intervention, is wise or unwise, or the
campaign of Senator Douglas in 1858. Wa are
not now warring with that gentleman, nor are
any such questions up before us. We are now
called upon to organize this House, and. a diffi-
culty to its organization presents itself. How ana
wherefoje ? In the attitude of certain members on
this floor, and in the act of their recognized can-
didate for the office of Speaker. That is the
