1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2931:
estimated for those five regiments. I have not
seen the accounts. I ask the Senator from Vir-
ginia if there is any estimate in his report for the
first year of the cost of five regiments that the Sec-
retary of War and the President recommended?
I do not suppose he estimated for them.
Mr. HUNTER. That is three years ago. I
do not recollect. I suppose the Secretary did.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 do not suppose he did, be-
cause he did not estimate for these buildings. I
remember that, because it was brought to my no-
tice by members of the committee, that he made
no estimate for them, and we went on to appro-
priate for them. I believe it is something like the
same difficulty we h^ve had with the public build-
ings. Here have been workmen that we have
brought here, ingenious, skillful men, scattered all
over this city last winter without work, because
of the failure of this appropriation, and I suppose
it was not estimated for. I do not know why it
failed. That was the case about these other build-
ings, as I have been told by the committees. Then
the Senator from Georgia comes in here and de-
nounces Congress for not paying these contracts,
when they were not paid because the Secretary
would not estimate, and trying, by a sort of leger-
demain, to charge upon Congress ail this extrav-
agance.
But, sir, did you ever know a contract to fail—
one of these jobs to carry the mail for $600,000 a
year—to fasten it there for half a dozen years?
For that great job there was no trouble about the
estimates. They will make the appropriations for
them. Your city is filled with iron pipe, and all
sorts of jobshave been given out of this aqueduct,
when they were not entitled to a bucketful of
water. This city is covered with building mate-
rials, and workmen dismissed upon a matter of
etiquette between Congress and the proper De-
partments as to making estimates. The people
suffer, but the contractors get their money. For
these very post route contractor, Congress, this
winter, for the first time in its history, issued a
sort of warrants, or sanctioned the issue of war-
rants from the Post Office Department, and let
them bear interest; and the Senator from Georgia,
or the Senator from Virginia, I do not know which,
was calculating how long before they would come
in—whether they would come in in six months.
They were a kind of Treasury notes, issued by
the Postmaster General, beaiing six per cent, in-
terest, by a law of Congicss; and Senators aie
calculating to get over the necessity of raising the
revenue by a proper adjustment of the revenue
system, by keeping out the Post Offire Treasury
notes at six per cent, interest, as well as the nine-
teen or twenty million of Treasury notes author-
ized by law. I think there are seven million
of these certificates properly issued. They were
bought uj> by bankers and brokers, and we made
them bear interest; and I do not believe they will
be paid in six months.
I speak of this kind of indebtedness—I do not
complain of anybody for it—which is now due
by this Government, and ought to be met. We
should meet the expenses that were incurred law-
fully, whether justly or not. T do not see any-
very great difference in the expenditure of one
of these years over another. There is no great
retrenchment, and no great additional extrava-
gance. The present President, expecting a nom-
ination eight years ago, wrote a letter denouncing
the then Administration because it spent over
forty-two million. He said the expenses ought
to be reduced; that they were very corrupting.
The expenditures have gone on since then, until
now, I think, sincc he has been m office, they
have averaged over sixty million, and very near
seventy million; hut people will talk when they
want to get power, and denounce other people,
and when they get power, be as extravagant as
anybody else. That is my experience. As to
the Senator from Georgia, he will agree to de-
nounce his own party a little for the sake of hay-
ing the privilege of denouncing the party on this
side altogether. That js his maxim. He says
there are some few men on the Democratic side
in favor of extravagant appropriations, but noth-
ing like these Republicans. Now, I do not believe
there was a Republican that voted fbr that Texas
regiment, which was not recommended either by
the President or the Secretary of War. 1 do not
believe anybody on this side voted for it. I know
I did not, I do not yeoollect of any one who did.
Mr. WILSON. I voted for it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I thought you kept still. If
you voted for that you ought not to have said
anything about me. I suppose your conscience
is rather tender on that point. I shall not blame
you for it.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator will allow me a
woid. He seems to think that in some way I
have reflected upon him. I made an allusion to
what I understood to be the Senator's estimates
or statements of what would probably be the im-
portations into the country. I think the Senator
here, in speeches upon thg policy of altering the
tariff at the last session, suggested that the im-
portations into the cuuntry would be smaller than
they have turned out to be. At any rate, I know
1 had some conversation with the Senator in re-
gard to this matter, and I so understood him. For
myself, I think 1 am not mistaken; for 1 not only
had the opinion myself, but it was the opinion of
others, especially men engaged in the business of
importation into the country.
Mr. SIMMONS. Did he ever hear me say they
would not be large? I generally keep a pretty
tolerable run of the crops of this country. I keep
an account of the cotton crop. I generally know
about it as soon as other people do. 1 take all
the circulars that come into New Orleans myself,
and I generally estimate them on the importations
into the country, and 1 do not always put it into
a speech. 1 do not blame the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts; but he must have got that idea from
the other side of the Chamber, and they have
talked it so long that they believe it themsehes.
I do not know what the proper motion should
be with respect to this amendment; if I was go-
ing to made a motion, i should move to amend it,
but 1 mil going to vote against it <is not being m
the ptoper place. 1 think it is intended, or calcu-
lated, if not intended, to relieve the friends of the
Administration from fairly meeting their respons-
ibility u> supply tins deficiency. in all the course
of my experience hi this body, 1 have always
heard it declared that it was the legitimate province
of the House of Representatives to i.iauguiate
measures fur supplying the Tieasury; not that we
were to follow them blindly; and I do not propose
to follow them. If i thought 1 could improve
their bill, I would improve it. I will state heie
what I have stated to the chairman of the Finance
Committee, that I do not believe their proposition
for $21,000,000 of a loan will meet the exigency
of the Treasury Tins hill, as they have drawn
it, is not to take effect until October, and what-
ever of that loan is negotiated is to be applied to
the redemption of the Treasury notes. They
cannot use the money for the ordinary expenses
of the Government, unless they use it as the Sec-
retary of the Treasury has done the money that
was paid him to buy Indian annuities. They
have used it fur foui years; and the Senator from
Georgia took an amendment out of his pocket,
and made appropriation for the last four years.
Now, I should like to know of these strict con-
structionists by whatauthonty theSecretary ofthe
Treasury paid that money before the appropria-
tion was made. He talked to me about having
pocket amendments when I took an amendment
from the chairman of the Committee on Claims,
because he had ill success with the one he offered
before, and asked me to offer it. He said theic
were pocketamendmentsaboutthe Chamber, that
it did not come from a committee. There was an
amendment offered last night before we adjourned
to pay four years1 interest of $109,000 that I sup-
pose has been paid before tins tune. I do not
blame the Secretary of the Tieasury for paying;
but I do not suppose thme was any appropriation
to pay it.
Mi. PUGH. TheSenatordoes not understand
that transaction. It is very simple. That money
was held intrust. The commissioner of the sink-
ing fund of Ohio called m the debt and paid it.
They had a right to pay it. He could not find
another convenient stock, either ot the United
States, or of any othe.- State, and therefore he did
his best; lie simply paid the_ interest by buying
up our stocks, and then paid interest on the bonds
in his own hands, as the trustee of the Indians.
Mr. SIMMONS. I commend the zeal of the
Senator in defending this transaction.
Mr. PUG II. itneedsnone. It is a very small
thing. He bought the stock.
Mr. SIMMONS. Why did he buy it ? Had
we not by this time Treasury notes to sell? Could
he not have bought them? Could he not have
invested that money?
Mr. PUGH. Invest it in Treasury notes'?
Mr. SIMMONS. Yes, sir.
Mr. PUGH. It was stipulated to be invested
in stocks.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then he should have bought
stocks that were offered for sale.
Mr. PUGH. It would have cost more than
double.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not find fault with him,
but with that law paying the money without an
investment. Who paid the income ?
Mr. PUGH. He was to turn over their stock
to the United States.
Mr. SIMMONS. He wanted the money, and
used the money, and that is the leason he did not
pay it. I do not believe that the people who do
that should come,in here and say, we could not
find a dollar ever paid without an appropriation.
There was no need of making an appropriation
to pay it without. What need Is there of making
an appropriation for four years?
Mr. PUGH. It was not necessary.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then why was it made ? It
was thought to be necessary by the Senator from
Georgia. I do not complain of it. I should not
have alluded to it if my attention had not been
drawn to it. He drew the amendment for £21,000,
and I thought it was seven per cent, stock. It
turned out to be §400,000 instead of §300,000,
drawn without law. I do not complain of it; but
people who use these epithets had better be care-
ful, or perhaps they will be tripped up themselves.1
I do not blame anybodyfor that; but I think the
proper way would have been to invest the money,
and kept it solely for the trust. I have no doubt
this Government owes a good many hundred
thousand dollars in this way. It is a debt, and
yet it j-s not represented heie in this table of pub-
lic debt. Wc have no stocks now held for the
Indians; we have used the money. Docs it ap-
pear what we owe? Does the Senator from Ohio
believe that it is registered among any of the
debts of the Government ? All this trust money
has been paid, and we have used it; and it ought
to be invested in stocks, or else it ought to be
leprescnted.. It isdue to these funds; it is adebt
of the Government; it is chargeable on the Treas-
ury. 1 say that I have no doubt that there are a
great many of that description of debts that do
not appear on these books at all. I do not know
anythingaboutit; but seeing that the amendment
to which I have referred happened to come up
last night, it showed me how these people coula
use the money that belonged to Indian trust funds,
and one thingor another, and we not be the wiser
about it. But the Senator from Georgia attempted
to say you could not put your finger on anything
wrong; that everything- was as straight as a
line. I do not know but that it is so; but 1 be-
lieve the Senator from Virginia will say that,
under that treaty, whatever it was, by which the
money was invested, for the benefit of these In-
dians, in Ohio stocks, the same law and good
faith which obliged us to put it in trust for them,
would oblige us, when the money was paid, to
invest it in some other stocks, and not use the
money for the current expenses of the Govern-
ment. If we had invested it in stocks of their
own, it would be as safe as anything; but then it
would appear m the debt.
1 am only showing that we do not get in these
reports the extent of our indebtedness. I have
tried two or three times to get the Senator from
Virginia, the chairman of the Finance Commit-
tee, to make up an account of each one of these
appropriation bills, so that when we had got
through we should know what we had done. J
should like to know how much money goes out,
not that I expect that it would make much differ-
ence m the aggregate amount of what we shall
appropriate, but I think it js due to the Senate,
■when we are coming in herewith one bill after
another, that it should be said, when we get
through, this bill appropriates §10,000,000, that
$15,000,000, and another $20,000,000, so that the
members of the Senate who arc not upon the
Committee on Finance can have some knowledge
of what they are voting for, and whether we have
money to uppropnate for any new plans. I think
this iarthe best way. I suppose we shall get at
it- next year, after the money is gone; but we.
