1988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
it somewhat, and explained it to the Senate. I
, do not think that appropriation ought to be
made without our having some opportunity to
look into it.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senate will act on the
other items, when we get to that I will read the
paper on which it -4s founded, and the Senator
from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,] who examined it
also, will explain it; and I think the Senatorfrom
Illinois will be satisfied.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not wish to delay the
bill faetiously. I am willing; that it should come
U£ to-morrow; but there will be no opportunity
this morning to investigate the item to which I
have alluded. It is unexpected to a portion of the
Senate at least. It may be that it is correct; but
it strikes me as very singular, after the enormous
expenditures for the surveys in California, and
the deficiencies that have heretofore been claimed,
that another one should come in here for $50,000;
and I must object to its being considered this
morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the bill cannot be considered to-day.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the veto message of the
President on the private bill for the relief of Ar-
thur Edwards and his associates.
Mr. HUNTER. Before that is done, I desire
to fix some time when the deficiency bill shall be
considered. To-morrow is a day set.aside for the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] to speak.
The next day is Friday.
Mr. GWIN. 1 will say to the Senator from
Illinois, who has just objected to the item in the
bill with regard to the surveys in California, that
it was examined in detail before the Committee
of Ways and Moans, and everything in it, to the
last corn,has been exhibited. It was also exam-
ined by the Committee on Finance when I was
not present, for I preferred to leave it to the other
members. The statement which I have in my
hand shows every solitary item of the account.
It was examined by both committees, and there
not ft single objection in cither, so far as I
know. Here is the whole statement. The Senator
can look at it; I will send it to him. This state-
ment satisfied every man on the committee.
,Mr. HALE. I think this is out of order. I
made a motion to take up a bill, and this appro-
priation hill has been objected to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The deficiency bill
cannot be considered to-day, objection having
been made.
Mr. HUNTER. To whattimcdoos the Chair
decide the njfyroprution billgoes over—the morn-
ing hour to-morrow?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It goes over until
to-nioirnv. The Senator from New Hampshire
moves to take up the veto message of the Presi-
dent on the act for the relief of Arthur Edwards
and his associates. That is the motion before the
Senate.
Mr. FITCH. I presume the Senator from New
Hampshire, in accordance with the understanding
on the subject, will permit the morning hour to
expire before he presses his motion,  and will
allow reports to. be made.
Mr. HUNTER. Before anything further is
done, I desire to move that the amendments of
the Finance Committee to the deficiency bill be
printed, so that the Senate may see them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
put that motion by general consent.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw my motion tempo-
rarily, to enable reports to be made.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. PUGH, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(II. R. No. 15) for the relief of Thomas C. Ware,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 373) for the relief of William
Hutchinson, reported it without amendment, with
a recommendation that it do not pass.
Pie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. No. 25) man-
ifesting the sense of Congress towards the officers
and seamen of the vessels and others engaged in
the rescue of the officers and soldiers of the Army,
the passengers, and the officers and crew of the
steamship San Francisco, reported it without
amendment; and submitted a report, which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, who were
instructed by a resolution of the Senate to inquire
into the expediency of paying the officers of the
Army and the marine corps, each a gioss sum
per annum in lieu of the several allowances and
commutations now allowed by law, submitted an
adverse report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of C. T. Alexander,
in relation to his rank in the medical corps of the
Army, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, who were
instructed by a resolution of the Senate lo inquire
into the expediency of repealing so much of the
act entitled " An act to establish the Home De-
partment, and to provide for the Treasury Depart-
ment an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury and
a Commissioner of the Customs," approved
March 3,1849, as transfers from the Secretary of
t the War Department to the Secretary of the In-
! tcrior, the supervisory and appellate powers, in
relation to thcaets and duties of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, and of restoring by law the said
powers to the Secretary of War, as they existed
prior to the passage of that act, submitted a re-
port, accompanied by ft bill (S. No. 436) to restore
to the Secretary of War the supervisory powers
m relation to the acts and duties of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading; and the report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS. The same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Joseph Hill & Sons,
praying compensation for horses and mules stolen
by the Indians in California, finding that this case
was before the Committee on Claims in 1851,
1852, and 1857, have instructed me to ask to be
discharged from itsfurthor consideration;and that
it be referred to the Committee on Claims, that
committee having lbrmeily made an adverse re-
pint upon U.
i t was so ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. The same committee, to whom
was referred a communication from James M.
Bucklin, asking that an appropriation be made to
test his unproved gun, find in the contents of the
communication that it is based on the supposition
of an appropriation, which the committee do not
contemplate, and therefore a*>k to be discharged
from its further consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred a motion to print a com-
munication from C. S. Drew, late adjutant of the
second regiment of Oregon mounted volunteers,
giving an account of the origin and early prose-
cution of the Indian war in Oregon, reported in
favor of printing the visual number; and the re-
port was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a resolution submitted by Mr. Davis
on the 9th of January, in relation to printing Gov-
ernor Stevens's final report, reported it without
amendment; and it was agreed to, as follows:
Rciolved/Vhitt there be printed, for the u^cof the Senate,
tlie same nfmihi'roh'xtraeopiesoHJovernorStevens'a final
repot t and nanative aa have been printed of the other re-
ports.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom were referred a petition of
citizens of Ashtabula county, Ohio; a petition of
! citizens of Columbus, Ohio; a petition of citizens
j of New York; a petition of citizens of Pontiac,
| Michigan; the petition of William G. Eaton and
I others, citizens of Michigan; a petition of citizens
; of Wisconsin; a petition of citizens of Watertown,
I Wisconsin; a petition of citizens of Cleveland,
| Ohio; ti petition of citizens of Massachusetts and
i Connecticut; a petition of citizens of La-Salle,
| Illinois, severally praying the enactment of a
I uniform bankrupt law, and the bill (S. No. 279)
] to establish a uniform law on the subject of bank-
I rnptcies throughout the United States, asked to
! be discharged &om their further consideration;
, winch was agreed to.
1 He also, from the samo committee, to whom
i was referred the joint resolution (pi, R. No. 34)
j for the relief of John T. Robertson, of Virginia,
| reported it without amendment.
i I-Ie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 660) for the
relief of Gottleib Scheerer, reported it without
amendment, with a recommendation that it do
pass.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a communication from Grinnell,Mm-
turn & Co., and others, of New^ York, praying
an amendment of the " act to limit the liability of
ship-owners, and for other purposes," approved
March 3, 1851, reported a bill (S. No. 437) to
amend an act entitled "An act to limit the liabil-
ity of ship-owners, and for other purposes," ap-
proved March 3, 1851; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (S. No. 18) in re-
lation to the compensation of Senatois and Rep-
resentatives in Congress elected from new States,
reported it without amendment, and adversely. ^
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom the subject was re-
ferred, reported a bill (S. No. 438)"'to provide
more fully for the collection of debts due to the
United States, and for the sale of lands taken by
the United States for debts due to the same; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. YIJLEE. The Committee on the PostOffice
and Post Roads, to whom was referred a report
of the Postmaster Geneial, made in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate, in relation to dead
letters, drop letters, and letters held fur postage or
postage not prepaid, have instructed me to ask
that it be printed for the use of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
print will go to the Comrj&ittee on Printing.
Mr. POWELL, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Mira
M. Alexander, only surviving child and heir of
George Madison, praying remuneration for his
services and sacrifices while in the Army of the
United States, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 439) for the relief of Mira M.
Alexander. The bill was read, and passed to a
second reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Buchanan, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President liad this day approved
and signed the following acts and resolutions:
An act (S. No. 55) for the relief of Tilman
Leak;
An act (S. No. 70) for the relief of George Stea-
ley;
An act (S No. 420) to authorize the issuance of
patents, in the name of James S. Douglas, upon
certain land entries made at Chocchuma;
$,n act (S. No. 150) for the relief of Madison
Sweetzer;
An act (S. No. 119) for the relief of A. M. Mit-
chell, late colonel of the Ohio volunteers in the
Mexican war;
AYi act (S. No. 56) for the relief of Richard "W.
Meade;
An act (S. No. 57) for the relief of David D.
Portei;
A resolution (S. No. 7) for the relief of the
legal representatives of John A. Frost, deceased;
A. resolution (S. No. 16) authorizing Captains
William L. Hudson and Joshua It. Sanda to ac-
cept certain testimonials awarded to them by the
Government of Great Britain; and
An act(S.No. 192) authorizing the corporation
of Washington city to make a loan and issue stock
for $200,000, for building a market-house.
ARTHUR EDWARDS—VETO MESSAGE.
Mr. PIALE. I now move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the veto message upon
the bill for the relief of Arthur Edwards and his
associates.
Mr. LANE. I dislike to oppose this motion,
but I am very anxious to get up the Washington
and Oregon war debt bill. It has been pending
before the Senate the whole session. Tt is a very
importantbill. It relates to the interests of every
man in Oregon. The claims are just, and ought
to be paid. I have been here all the session with-
out being able to bring up this bill. I was, to
some extent, unwilling to interfere with other
Senators upon matters the immediate considera-
tion of which they desired. I think the Senate
ought to allow this bill to be taken up, that I may
have the privilege of making, if not a speech in
