1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25
North only. No, sir; stand by your opinions,
and when they are made known to the country
do not deny them, and get up conservative meet-
ings to lull us into security and quiet, and then
commence again your steady march against sla-
very as you have always done heretofore, and as
I know you will ever do in the future. All we
want is a square and manly avowal of your senti-
ments that our people may not be deceived. Do
this, and my life upon it you will sec no cowardly
shrinking upon our parts from the maintenance
of every constitutional right to which our people
are entitled.
> _ Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. That is
right. That is the way that they frightened us
before. [Applause.] Now you see exactly what
it is, and what it has always been.
During the above colloquy, members from the
benches upon both sides crowded down into the
area, and there was, for a time, great confusion
and excitement in the Hail.
The CLERK. Gentlemen will suspend their
remarks for a moment. The Clerk appeals to
gentlemen of the House to maintain order.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Yes, Mr. Clerk; I
insist that the order and dignity of this body shall
be preserved.
The CLERK. The Clerk has no power to en-
force order. He is powerless, and therefore throws
himself upon the generosity of gentlemen upon
both sides to assist him in preserving order.
Several Members. Certainly we will.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, resumed the
floor.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The CLERK. The gentleman fiom Pennsyl-
vania has the floor.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I object to
his proceeding until gentlemen resume their scats.
If there is to be discussion, let us agree that such
discussion shal^proceed in order, and under par-
liamentary law?
The CLERK. Gentlemen will please be seated.
Mr. STEYENS, of Pennsylvania. This was
a mere momentary breeze, sir; nothing else.
[Laughter.] I do not believe anybody meant any-
thing by it. If they did, I do not think their
meaning readied this side of the House.
As I said before, I do not wish to delay the
organization of the House, for I wish its busi-
ness to proceed. I therefore distinctly make the
point of order that no business is in order until
the House is organized, except balloting for
Speaker and moving to adjourn, and upon that
I call the previous question.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move that this
body do now adjourn, and upon that I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. GARNETT. I wish to give notice, for
one—and I am sure I speak the sentiment of this
part of the House—that this discussion shall not
be stopped, and there is no power in this assem-
bly to stop it. [Applause m the galleries.] I
speak the sentiments of gentlemen around me
when I say that this discussion must and shall
be exhausted. [Renewed applause.]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I have made a
motion to adjourn. The motion to adjourn is not
intended to cut off or arrest this debate. It having
been launched, I, for one, am willing to sail over
this stormy sea. Let it go on to-morrow. I
demand the yeas and nays upon my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 68, nays 163; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen,Thomas L. Anderson, Ashmore,
Barr, Barrett, Bocock, Bonham, Boyce, Branch, Briggs,
Bristow, Burch, Burnett, Horace F. Clark, John B. Clark,
Claik B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Cox, James Craig,
Burton Craigo, Davidson, ii. Winter Davis, Dnnmick, Ed-
mundson, Florence, Foukc, Gilmer, Hardeman, J. Morri-
son Harris, Hatton, Hawking IIill, Houston, Howard,
Jackson, Kunkel, Larrabee, Logan, Love, Maclay, Mallory,
Maynard, McClernand, Millson^ Montgomery, Nelson, Nib-
lack, Noell, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Quarles, Reynolds,
Riggs, James C. Robmson, Ruflin, Sickles, William N. H.
Smith, Stanton, James A. Stewart, Thomas, Underwood,
Vailandighairi, Vance, Web&tei, Wluteley, and Woodson—
68.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrich, Alley, Wil-
liam C. Anderson, Ashley, Avery, Babbit, Barks-dale,
Beale, Bingham, Biair, Blake, Botclcr, Bouligny, Brabson,
Brayton, BulFmton, Burlingame, Burnham, Burroughs,
Butterfield, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, Clemens, Clop-
ton, Cobb, Colfax, Conklin, Cooper, Corwm, Cuvode,
Crawford, Curry, Curtis, John G. Davis, Dawes, Dejar-
nette, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely,
Etheridge, Furnsworth, Fenton, Ferry, Fo^er, Frank,
French, Garnett, Gartrell, Gooch, Graham, Grow, Gurley,
Hale, IIall, Hamilton, John T. Harris, Haskin, Helmick,
Hickman, IZindman, Hoard, Holman, Hughes, Humphrey,
Hutcliins, Irvine, Jenkins, Jones, Junkin, Keitt, Francis
W. Kellogg, WiHiam Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, Kilhnger,
Lamar, DeWitt C. Leach, James M. jCcacli, Leake, Lee,
Longneeker, Loomis, Lovejoy, Marston, Charles D. Mar-
tin, Eibcrt S. Martin, McKean, McKmght, McPherson,
McQueen, McRae, Miles, Miliward, Laban T. Moore,
Sydenham Moore, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris,
Isaac N. Morris, Morse, Nixon, Ohn, Palmer, Pennington,
Perry, Pettit, Porter, Potter, Pottle, Pryor, Pugh, Reagan,
Rice, Christopher Robinson, Royce, Rust, Schwartz, Scott,
Seranton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Simms, Singleton, William
Smith, Somes, Spauldmg, Spinner, Stevens, Stevenson,
William Stewart, Stokes, Stout, Stratton, Tappan, Taylor,
Thayer, Thealcer, Tompkins, Train, Trimble, Vandever,
Van Wyck, Verree, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, E'lihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn.
Wells, Wihon, Windom, Winslow, Wood, Woodruff, ana
Wright—163.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I desire to know
what is the question now before the House.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Clark] offered a resolution, to which the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Gilmer]
submitted an amendment. A motion was made
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stew-
art] to lay the whole subject upon the table. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania, in front of the
Clerk, [Mr. Stevens,] raised the point of order
that nothing was in order except proceeding to
elect a Speaker or to adjourn; and upon that point
of order he called the previous question. Is there
a second to that call ?
Mr. KEITT. There is no previous question.
The CLERK. The Manual recognizes the pre-
vious question whenever there is anything before
the House. Heretofore it has been the practice
to allow any member to call the previous ques-
tion, and it has been acted upon whenever the
House has been in a situation of this nature.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Is it debatable?
The CLERK. According to the Manual the
call for the previous question, when there is a
second, cuts off all debate.
Mr. WINSLOW. The parliamentary law is,
that if the previous question is sustained, the
question goes over until the next day; and it was
so held last Congress.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let that portion of the Man-
ual be read.
The Clerk read the following clause from the
Manual;
"When any question is before the House any member
may move a previous question, ' whether that question
(called the main question) shall now be put?5 If it pass in
the afihmative, then the main question shall be put imme-
diately; and no man may *peak anything further to it,
eithoi to add or alter."
The CLERK. The question is: "Shall the
main question be now put?"
Mr. McQJJEEN. Upon that I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have my doubts as to the
ruling of the Clerk; and in order that we may
examine this question, I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. No busi-
ness has been transacted since the last refusal of
the House to adjourn.
The CLERK. The yeas and nays have been
ordered upon a call for the previous question.
Mr. WINSLOW. I call the yeas and nays
upon the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 107, nays 122; as follows:
i'EAS—Messrs. Allen, Thomas L. Anderson, Ashmore,
Avery, Barksdale, Barr, Barrett, Bocock, Bonham. BoteJer,
Bouligny, Boyce, Buggs, Bureh, Burnett, Case, John B.
Clark, Clemens, Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cooper,
Corwin, Cox, James Ciaig,BmtonCraige, Crawford, Cmry,
Davidson, II.Winter Davis, John G. Davis, Reuben Davis,
Dejarnette, Dimmick, Edmundson, English, Florence,
Fouke, Garnett, Gartrell, Hamilton, Hardeman, J. Morri-
son Harris, John T. Harris, Hatton, Hawkins, Hill, Hmd-
man, Ilolman, Houston, Howard, Hughes, Jackson, Jones,
Keitt, Kilgore, Kunkel, Larrabee, Leake, Logan, Love,
Maclay, Mallory, Charles D. Martin, Elbert S. Martm, May-
nard, McClernaid, McQueen, McRae, Miles, Millson,
Montgomery, Sydenham Moore, Isaac N. Moms, Nelson,
Niblaek, Noell, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Piyor, Pugh,
Quarles, Reagan, Riggs, James C. Robinson, Ruffni, Bust,
Seott, Sickles, Simms, Singleton, William Smith, William
N. II. Smith, Stanton, Stevenson. James A. Stewart, Stout,
Taylor, Thomas, Underwood, Vallandigham, Vance, White-
ley, Winslow, Woodson, and Wright—107.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrich, Alley, Wil-
liam C. Anderson, Ashley, Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair,
Blake, Brabson, Brayton, Bnstow, Buffinton, Burlingame,
Burnham, Burroughs, Butterfield, Campbell, Carey, Carter,
Horace F. Clark, Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax, Conklin, Co-
vode, Curtis, Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edgerton. Ed-
wards, Eliot, Ely, Ethcridge, Farnsworth, Fenton, Ferry,
Foster, Frank, French, Gihner, Gooch, Graham, Grow, Gur-
ley, Hale, Hall, Haskin, Helmick, Hickman, Ifoard, Hum-
phrey, Hutcliins, Irvine, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, Wil-'
liam Kellogg, Kenyon, Killinger, Lamar, DeWitt crLeaeb,
James M. Leach, Lee, Longneeker, Loomis, Lovejoy,
Marston, McKean, Mcknight, McPherson, Miliward, La-
ban T. Moore, Morehead, Mornll, Edward Joy Morris,
Morse, Nixon, Olin, Palmer, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Por-
ter, Potter, Pottle, Reynolds, Rice, Christopher Robinson,
Royce, Schwartz, Seranton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Somes,
Spaulding, Spinner, Stevens, William Stewart, Stokes,
Stratton, Tappan, Thayer, T^heaker, Tompkins, Train,
Trimble, Vandever, Van Wyck, Veitee, Wade, Waldron,
Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Windom, Wood, and
Woodruff—122.
So the House refused to adjourn.
During the call,
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, said: Though not
in the habit generally of voting for adjournments,
yet, as the usual hour for adjournment has arrived,
and thinking that perhaps if we adjourn over until
to-morrow this excitement may subside, I will
change my vote and vote in the affirmative.
The vote having been announced,
Mr.'HOUSTON said: I desire to present a
point of order growing out of the motion made
for the previous question. I have not understood
it to be the practice for the Clerk of the House to
recognize the previous question in the organiza-
tion of the House. I differ with the Clerk upon
that subject, and I differ with him also upon the
effect of the previous question under parliament-
ary law, in cutting off debate, even though I may
be wrong on the first point. I understand the
Clerk of the House to have taken the ground that
he will make no decision upon points of order
raised in the House. I desire to look into these
questions, and if I am mistaken, of course I shall
not persist m my position; and in order that I
may make that examination, I shall ask, after the
question shall have been put to the House, for an
adjournment.
The CLERK. The gentleman will state his
point of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is that the previous ques-
tion, under parliamentary law, does not cut off
debate.
The CLERK. The Clerk understands that the
previous question does not cut off debate under
parliamentary law; but inasmuch as the gentle-
man from Alabama has raised the question of
order, the Clerk desires to state——•
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ala-
bama asks no statement from the Clerk at present.
The gentleman from Alabama stated distinctly,
and m good faith, his object to be to look into the
question. I understand the Clerk to have taken
the ground that he would make no decision on a
point of order; and I presume he will adhere to
the ground he has so taken. If that be so, the
Clerk will refer the question to the House; and I
say to the House, in good faith, that I desire to
look into the question to-night; and, therefore,
after the question shall have been made, I will
ask the House to adjourn.
The CLER.K. Inasmuch as the statement was
made that the demand for the previous question
would cut off debate, the Clerk begs leave to state
that it was so understood during a portion of the
contest for the election of Speaker m the Thirty-
Fourth Congress. The Clerk is, however, ad-
vised by members of that Congress that a dif-
ferent ruling was afterwards made. The Clerk
did not look all through the record to see the
number of decisions that were made on that ques-
tion. The question was made, and somewhat dis-
cussed, and the conclusion was that the call for the
previous question did cut off debate. The Clerk
made no decision on the subject; but suggested, in
answer to an inquiry, what he understood to be
the parliamentary law on the subject. The ques-
tion, however, will be submitted to the House, on
the demand of the gentleman from Alabama, for
its decision.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Clerk having agreed
to submit my point of order to the House, I ask
the House to adjourn; for it seems there is a
conflicting opinion even in the mind of the Clerk
on this subject. It is a question of consequence,
of importance; and it were as well for us to have
a little opportunity of looking into it. I therefore
move 
Mr. STANTON. I ask the gentleman from
