1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
. 1989
favor of the payment of the debt, at least a
personal explanation. My name has been mixed
up with this war debt bill. It has passed through
the country in certain newspapers, charging that
this claim is a corrupt one; that it is a fraud
upon the commgjiity, a*id that I am pressing
upon Congress that which is not just. Now,
sir, I never have asked of Congress anything that
was not just, and that I did not know was just,
and I never will. I should like to have an op-
portunity this morning of putting myself right, at
least, and stating this case to the Senate, so that
they may understand 'it, and that the country may
understand it. I trust the Senate will give me an
opportunity, in the short time now intervening
before the homestead bill will be taken up, to take
up this war debt bill, that 1 may have an oppor-
tunity at least of making this personal explana-
tion. I hope the Senate will not refuse it.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I want to say to
the honorable Senator from Oregon, whom I am
very desirous to oblige, that it is impossible to
dispose of that bill this morning, and I do not be-
lieve it is possible for the Senator to make so lu-
miuous an explanation of his own views as he
.would desire, in twenty minutes; and in twenty
minutes the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] will
be here with his homestead bill. Now, sir, I
think it is due to the President of the United
States, who has sent this veto, as a matter of cour-
tesy to him—and I want to be more courteous to
him even than to the Senator from Oregon—that
this message that he has sent here shall be taken
up, for the Constitution says we shall consider it
immediately. I promise the Senate in ten minutes
to say all 1 have to say upon it in vindication of
the report of the committee, and I hope the Sen-
ate will indulge us in taking it up.
Mr. LANE. I have no.liope of having the bill
to which I alluded disposed of this morning, but
if the Senate will allow it to be taken up I could
be permitted to say something in relation to it,
and certainly enough to put myself right, and then
I would have an opportunity, for it would come
up in the morning hour to-morrow, to explain
the provisions of this bill and the justice of these
claims upon the Government. It is in regard to
myself that I desire to say something this morn-
ing in relation to this matter. I hope the Senate
will allow the bill to be taken up.
Mr. HALE. Any time between now and the
18th of June will do for that.
Mr. SL1DELL. I hope the Senator from New
Hampshire will not object to the bill being taken
tip for the purpose declared by the Senator from
Oregon. I am glad that he has taken this opportu-
nity of putting himself right upon the record. A
libelous sheet in New York, some two or Aree
weeks ago, pronounced that two or three Senators,
myself included, were largely interested in this
Oregon war debt; that it involved plunder to the
amountof four or five million dollars, and I believe
he was named as the leader of the gang, or one of
the conspirators. Now, sir, I wantto say expli-
citly for myself, that I do not know one single
individual who is interested in that debt; that no
person has ever approached me on the subject;
that I have had no conversation about it with any-
body; but that so far as I have general impressions
derived from the usual character of such claims,
the great probability is, that I shall vote against
the "bill, except in some very modified form. I
trust that the objcct of the Senator from Oregon
being understood, as he only asks the opportunity
of repelling the imputations cast upon his charac-
ter, no Senator will refuse to extend that courtesy
which, under such circumstanccs, has always
been accorded by the Senate.
Mr. HALE. If I thought it could be done in
a brief twenty minutes, I should haveno objection
to it; but this private claim, and the veto upon it,
have been for a long time before the Senate. I
know I can get through in much less than twenty
minutes-, the Senator from Oregon cannot; it is
perfectly certain he cannot. I will give him as
much courtesy as anybody, but I must leave this
matter to the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the question
is on the motion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, to take up the veto message of the Presi-
dent. ■* .
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
adivision—ayes SO, noes 24.
OREGON WAR DEBT.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the motion of the Senator from Oregon, to
take up the bill making an appropriation to pay
the Oregon war debt.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 11) making an appropriation for
the expenses incurred by the people of the Terri-
tories of Oregon and. Washington in the suppres-
sion of Indian hostilities therein in the years 1855
and 1856.
Mr. LANE. I can hardly expect, Mr. Presi-
dent, in the few minutes allowed me, to go into a
history of this war and the justice of the claim
growing out of the war that took place in Oregon
and Washington between the people and the In-
dians of those Territories in the years 1855 and
1856; but I shall have time-to allude briefly to the
many charges that have gone the rounds of the
papers in relation to this war debt. I have thought
at times that they were aimed at me for political
reasons; for I could hardly believe that any per-
son, certainly no one who knew me, could for a
moment believe that I could be associated with
anything that was not just, right, and proper.
The papers to which 1 allude that have attacked
this claim, and have used my name in connection
with it, have taken the liberty of charging that
this debt is a fraud; that a great swindle is about
being perpetrated on this Government in the shape
of this Oregon and Washington war debt; and that
I and my friends are interested in it to a large
amount. Mr. President, I have no personal inter-
est m this debt; no, not to the amount of one cent.
Further, I can say that, though my sons and my
sons-in-law are in business in Oregon, and tians-
act business to the amount of many thousand dol-
lars annually, no one of them owns a claim grow-
ing out of this war debt to the amount of one cent.
Further, I can say that I have not been in the haln€
of grabbing from the Treasury of this country. I
have rendered service m several Indian wars in
Oregon, and have such receipts for them as I shall
wear to my grave; but for none of them have 1
ever received one cent of payment—not one far-
thing of compensation.
In 1851, when the Indians broke out, and a ne-
cessary war took place, 1 joined the forces with
a small party of our citizens. We presented our-
selves to the gallant commander of the forces,
Major Kearny, of the Army, to serve under his |
orders. I served under his orders as a private. I]
stated to the major, when I offered the little party :
with me, that we came to serve, not for pay, not
for emolument, but for the purpose of puttmgdown
Indian hostilities, and saving the settlers from the
tomahawk and scalping-knife, and to bring about
a speedy peace. I served with him through-that
war; and not one man who served with mc has \
ever presented a claim to the amount of one cent '
up to this day.
In 1853 another Indian war broke out, more
formidable than the previous one. It was my :
fortune then to be appointed the commander of
the volunteers of (hat Territory. I took command
of the troops, and led them against the Indians,
and after seveial battles we conquered a peace,
and I came here as the Delegate—for I was then
the Delegate—and procured payment for services
rendered and foi supplies fumishifU the troops en-
gaged in that war; but I took care to get nothing
for myself. I said, when I joined the forces, that I
would take no pay for seruces; that, with them,
1 would struggle for the protection of the lives
and property of our people; but that I would re-
ceive no compensation. The pay-rolls that were
made out on that occasion embraced me as the
brigadier, and allowed me pay. When the pay-
master came round, lie" propose1! to pay the
amount due me on the rolls. I told him that I
would not take it; that I did not seive m Indian
wars for money; it was for the purpose of putting
down troubles and protecting the settlements that
induced mc to enter the servicc, and nothing else.
" But," said he, " these rolls show due you some
four hundred dollars, or a little under that amount,
and the accounts can never be settled until the roils
are receipted; the money will stand there to your
credit, and if you do not take it, your children
may." I told" him I would put it out of their
power; that while I would not have a cent, I
could du'ect him what to do with it, and upon
that condition I would receipt the roils, and I did.
It was, that he would give it to'two little boys,
the only survivors of a party of over twenty per-
sons who had been barbarously murdered by the
Indians. The money went into their hands by
my direction, and the rolls were receipted, and
the accounts settled. I must say that I feel sur-
prised that it can be charged by.sortie in this
country, that I would be associated with a claim
that is not just, and press it upon the Congress of
the United States; and that I am a party, and my
friends are parties to it. It it a slander upon my
friends. It is a slander of myself that certainly
ho honest man would make.
In no case have I endeavored to get money out
of this Government. I could mention many in-
stances that would contmvert any such charge as
that. It was my fortune to cross the plains in
1848 as Governor of Oregon Territory. I went
there at great sacrifice. I crossed the mountains
in the dead of winter, and arrived at Oregon City
on the 2d of March, after a journey of five months
and twenty-two days, and the expense of my trip
cost the Government not one quarter of a cent. I
made no charge of expenses. I did not feel that
I was entitled to anything, and I never have
chargcd anything. The troops that went with me
wore raised and organized for duty in Oregon.
Twenty men were detailed, who crossed with me;
but they went there with much less expense per
capita than the regiment to which they belonged
went out the next summer. I had the good for-
tune, when we were out of provisions, to aid m
procuring subsistence with my rifle, without
money and without price.
These tilings are outside of the war debt; but
I mention .them that they may be a complete con-
tradiction of all the charges against the war debt,
and all identity or personal interest in it or with
it, so far as I am concerned, for I have none; but
the people of Oregon have an interest in this mat-
ter. Their claims are just; and as their represent-
ative, I demand that promptaction be had. Further
delay in acting upon their claims would be injus-
tice to the people of Oregon and Washington; and
I trust that the Senate will not very long delay
final action upon their claims. They have just
claims, and the Congress has ordered them to be
ad justed with a view to a final settlement and pay-
ment, and here we are, year after year, kept out
of money that is due our people. I presented this
matter in 1855, and I have pressed it every session
since without success; but now I hope the time
is near at band when we shall be able to press it
with success.
The Indian war in Oregon and Washington
Territories forms a part of the history of the
country, so generally'read, and so well under-
stood, that I deem it unnecessary to review tho
causes which produced it, or the many atrocities
and cruelties, ever characteristic of savage warfare,
that marked its progress, till brought to a suc-
cessful termination by the unyielding courage and
fortitude of the volunteer militia, and the discip-
lined valor of a portion of tie; regular Army, sent
by the War Department to aid the settlers in re-
pelling their savage foe, and saving their families
and homes from destruction.
The war commenced in October, 1855, m a
general outbreak, of the Indians over a region of
country extending from Rogue r^ver to Puget
Sound—a fact which leaves no room to doubt the
existence among the savages of a settled purpose
and combination to wage against the white set-
tlers a war of extermination. How this purpose
originated—who were the authors of this combi-
nation—are questions that I will not, at this time,
undertake to discuss. It is sufficient for the pui-
pose which I have in view, to state that, without
warning, without preparation ^or defense, the
whites were suddenly plunged, by the incursions
of the savages,into ijiong and bloody war, waged
with unrelenting ferocity on the part of the latter,
and involving in its devastating progress the loss
of the lives of hundreds of men, women, and chil-
dren, and the destruction of an immense amount
of private property.
In the act of Congress making appropriations
for the civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending 30th June, 1857, a section was in-
serted, as follows;
"gEC. 11. Jind be \t jurther enacted, That the Secretary
of War be directed to examine into the expenses neeessa-
