1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1045
the protective policy of the tariff of 1842, specie j
was flowing into the country; and under the ad '
valorem,}>rogressive free-trade tariffs of 1846 and j
1857, it has been rapidly flowing out, at an aver- j
age of more than thirty million dollars per annum: ;
the last year the excess of specie exported having j
reached the enormous sum of $57,517,708, and this <
to pay for articles that we can and should manu- |
facturc at home. . |
Having shown that the operations of the pres- i
ent tariff are fast reducing the manufacturing in- (
terests of the country to a state of embarrass- >
ment and dependence, let us now for a few mo- '
ments examine the remedy. The tariff of 1842
was admitted to be protective; it was in operation
only four years, yet in that short space of time |
gave such an impetus to our prosperity and
wealth, as no nation ever received in the same ;
period. The main feature of that tariff was spe- j
cific duties, which were abandoned altogether for
the ad valorems of the tariff of 1846. This was
done against the protestations of the best men of
our Government, and their prophecies that ruin
and disaster would follow. The objections to ad
valorem duties are twofold:
1. Undervaluation, or fraud, by which an in-
voice is made out below the real value, and upon
this undervalue the duty is calculated and paid,
thereby defraudingothe Government, and bring-
ing rum upon the honest home manufacturers '
who cannot contend against this fraudulent com-
petition.
2. "When protection is most needed this ad valo-
rem principle does not afford it. For instance, j
take iron as an example, and suppose that the >
average price for ten years was fifty dollars per i
ton. At the present ad valorem duty, twenty- j
four per cent., that would make the duty per ton |
§12. The fluctuations of prices during that pe- i
riod might vary from a maximum of seventy j
dollars per ton to a minimum of thirty. The re- ]
suit would be, duty on seventy dollars per ton,
$16 80; duty on thirty dollars per ton, §7 20; i
showing, that when the price of foreign iron is :
high, from a home demand in Europe, or other
prosperous causes, the duty is so high as not only
to protect, but to amount almost to prohibition. •
When iron is depressed in value at home and 1
abroad; when our manufacturers are struggling j
against adversity and endeavoring to keep their j
works in operation without any expectations of j
profit, but merely to furnish laborand food for the j
operatives who are employed by them, and de- ;
pendent upon their labor for bread; where is the J
beneficent protection of the Government at such j
a time as this ? It is, Mr. Chairman, a miserable j
mockery, although in strict conformity with the
doctrine advocated by the Secretary of the Treas- j
ury. Under such depressions of price, the for- -
ei^n article flows in upon us; our market is over- I
stocked, and the home manufacturer is crushed
out. When prices are high, and little or no duty :
is required, we have high duties; when prices are
low, and protection necessary, the duties are to-
tally inadequate. •
This system of valuation is m fact a bounty
in times of distress to the foreign manufacturer,
and a reward for his competition with our own
manufacturers. Why not adopt a system that
will operate exactly the reverse of this, namely:
afford piotection when it is needed; and when the
price is so high that protection is not necessary,
let the foreign article come in free?
Such a scale my colleague, the able member
of the Committee of Ways and Means, from
Pennsylvania, will, I hope, introduce: and I trust
the good sense of this House will lead to its adop-
tion. Let us at any rate abandon this miserable
ad valorem system, and restore specific duties.
In examining the discussion on the tariff, at the
time the bill of 1846 was ur<jed through the Senate
with such indecent haste, I was struck witli the
remarks of Colonel Benton on this branch of the
subject. Although he was opposed to the tariff
of 1842, and voted for the tariff of 1846, ret he
foresaw the evil of ad valorem duties, and said, as
follows:
'■In Great Britain it was found, upon experience,thut
at! vaiorans, even to the limited extent there used, were so
buhjcct to I rand, and t£ frauds which could not he proved,
tluu it was nucos^.m to have recourse, in addition to ail
other penalties, to the extraordinary remedy of convertm;
the Government into a merchant, and taking the goods on
ib own account.''
Mr. Webster also said: j
" Public ?entimcnt is excited on this subject. I venture j
to say, tiiat on two points pubiic opinion is settled : first, ;
as to the utter folly oi the ad valorem principle in the im-
position of duties—and I do not believe that tiiere are at
this moment five gentlemen in the Senate who, if left to
their own choice, wouid prefer that mode, nor indeed can
I persuade myself that there is a man in the whole execu-
tive Government who, if tile bill were now to come for the
first time from the Treasury, would have it in its present
form. All the industry of the land is against it; the manu-
facturers are against it; the importers are against it; the
ship-owners are against it—no man cries, God save it! it
is against the sentiment of the land. The great principle
of a juft discrimination in favor of such articles as the gen-
eral interest requires, is the principle which commands the
approbation of the American people. I here teilgentiemen
we shall have henceforward no more ad valorem tariff*.
We shall never go on the principle of horizontal tariff This
bili cannot stand. It will not stand. It is a house built
upon the sand; and no intoliisent man will think himself
sale beneath its roof; it will fail onluui and crush him."
President Buchanan, in his messages, has also
advocated specific duties; and during his term
of service in the Senate, he always did so. He
says:
"No statesman would advisft that we should goon in-
crea-nn? the national debt to meet the ordinary expenses of
the Government. This wouid be a most ruinous policy. In
case of war our credit must be our chief resource, at least
for the first year; and this would be greatly impaired by
having contracted a large debt in time of peace. It is our
true policy to increase our revenue «o a? to equal our ex-
penditures. it would be ruinous to continue to borrow.
Besides, it may hepioper to observe that the incidental pro-
tection thus atFord.'d by a revenue tariff would, at the pres-
ent moment, to .some extent, increase the confidence o? the
manufacturing interests, and sive a fresh impulse to our
reviving biHiuc^s. To tin* f-urely no person will object.
In toward to the mode of assessing and collccting duties
under a ^tnctlv revenue tariff. I have lon« entertained and
often exprev^ed the opinion that eound policy requires this
should be done by specific duue?. 111 ca^es to which these
can be properly applied. They are well adapted to com-
modities which* aie usually sold by weight or by measure,
and which, from their nature, are of equal or of nearly equal
value. Such, for example, are the articles of iron of dif-
ferent elates, raw t-nfiar, and foreign wmes and spirits.
" In my deliberate judgment, specific duties are the best,
if not the only means of securing the revenue against false
and fraudulent invoices; and such has been the practice
adopted lor this, purpose bv other commercial nations. Be-
side-;, specific duties wouid afford to the American manu-
facturer the incidental advantages to which lie is fairly en-
titled under aievenue tariff. The present <y<5tem 1^ a flirting
scale to hi* di>advanta«e. Under it, when prices are high
and business prosperous, the duuej nse in amount when
he loan lequirei their aid. On the contrary, when prices
fall and he is struggling against adversity, the duties are
diminished in the same proportion, greatly to his injury.
4' Neither.would there be danger that ahigher rate of duty
than that intended by Concress could be levied in the form
of specific duties. It would be easy to ascertain the aver-
age value of any imported article for a series of years; and,
instead of subjecting it to an ad valorem duty at a certain
rate per cent., to substitute in its place an equivalent spe-
cific duty.
uBy such an arrangement the consumer would not be
injured. It is true, he might have to pay a little more duty
on a given article fn one year; but if so, he would pay a
little le^s m another; and m a series of years these would
counterbalance each other, amount to the same thing, so
far as his interest it- concerned. This inconvenience would
be trifling when contrasted with the additional security
thus afforded asamst frauds upon the revenue, in which
every consumer is directh interested.
Believing, as he does, in the justice and pro-
priety of specific duties, particularly as applied
j to the great staple of liis own State—iron—it is
i exceedingly unfortunate that his own financial of-
I ficer should be permitted, in a State paper, to pro-
i duce an elaborate argument against it. The Dem-
j ocraticpartyindorsethedoctrinesof the Secretary
I of the Treasury as the true creed of the paity.
! and we therefore have the anomnly of the Presi-
! dent of the"Umted States being opposed to the
! Administration on this question,
j Mr. Chairman, the*district I have the honor to
| represent on this floor is deeply interested in this
: subject. I have collected from a late statistical
i work, Lesley on Iron, which was prepared with
i great care, and is considered good authority, some
; interesting and startling facts.
! The increase of population in the XJnited States
' from 1640 to 18o0 was thirty-six per cent.
} Increase in domestic production of iron from
[ 1846 to 1856 was but ten per cent., or less than
, one third the ratio of increase of population.
The average annual importation of foreign iron
! was:
; Under the tariff of 1S42   
Undei the tariff of 184(5 3?3,irtH
incroase in the population, and thirty-eight times
the increase in the domestic production.
Product of rolling-mills in the United States, 1856.
Pennsylvania   91 mills, 241,484 tons.
  238,597 «
All other States 118
Total ~y. 20 
498,081
The Pittsburg district contains twenty-five roll-
ing mills, which produce annually about 100,000
tons of rolled and bar iron, sheet iron, nails, &c.
In Lesley's work, before referred to, he places
the product at 91,302 tons; other statistics, that I
have examined, give the production thus: 3,212
tons boiler iron; 67,100 tons bar iron; 5,600 tons
sheet iron; 20,000 tons nails. In converting the
pig metal and blooms into bar iron, nails, &c.:
Number of men employed amount to annually 4,623
105,333 tons pig iron,' equal to the annual labor of.. .5,266
...2,726
" « ... 400
27,267 tons blooms,
4,931 tons scrap iron,
6,187,515 bushels coal,
118^000 bushels cokc,
5,040 ton3 fire clay,
2,095,000 tons fire brick,
9,258 tons ore,
Total number. 
18
20
63
60
.14,014
Average annual increase being
'j or three hundred and eighty-three per cent. The
il increase in the import is more than ten times the
'Here you have more than fourteen thousand
men employed in the production of bar and rolJed
iron, and the different items consumed by the
rolling mills in one congressional district. Now
supposing these men to be the heads of families,
or otherwise have persons dependent upon their
labor for sustenance—say five each—and you have
a population of seventy thousand and seventy,
dependent upon and supported by this one branch
of manufacture. All those persons are to be fed,
clothed, reared, and educated—consuming the
products of the soil, and thus giving the farmer a
home market. The merchant, shopkeeper, me-
chanic, artisan, teacher, arc all brought into requi-
sition, stimulating every branch of business, and
adding to the real wealth, industry, and prosperity
of the country.
The argument that protection increases the price
of an article, and makes the consumer pay more
for it, is plausible; but wherever any article has
received the protection of the Government for a
series of years, until capital and skill could be
fairly embarked in its production, the result has
always been a reduction of price, brought about
by home competition. For instance, the article
of nails requires no protection now, because the
skill and ingenuity of our mechanics, fostered
by former protection, now enable us to beat the
world in the manufacture of that article. Imported
cut nails can now be purchased at about the price
of common bar iron; say $2 60 per one hundred
pounds. This has been the result of protection
and home competition. This fact of itself demon-
strates the wisdom of a protective policy.
The policy of the English and French tariffs is
to protect labor; and as the value of an article is
increased by labor put upon it, they increase the
duty, to protect that labor. This is wise and
prudent; but the tariff of 1846 appeared to be es-
pecially devoted to the protection of foreign labor,
as against home labor, and has, I think, with
great propriety, been denominated the British
tariff. Certain it is, that the report of the then
' Secretary of the Treasury, Hon. 11. J. Walker,
! was highly applauded and published by authority
j of the British Government; and it was believed
i by many that the British Minister aided essen-
| tially its passage. Under its operation, the Brit-
! ish manufacturers have prospered, whilst the re-
j verse has been the case at home. For instance,
j whilst the duty on iron of all kinds, namely, bars,
j blooms, bolts, loops, pigs, rods, slabs, or other
i fornu was thirty per cent., we find no increase in
' the duty on the manufactures of iron; and steel,
in bars, cast, shear, or German, is placed at fif-
teen per cent., or just one half the amount ol
duty upon iron. Thus, instead of protecting la-
bor against foreign competition, the discrimina-
tion is made, and made largely, against our own
labor With all these disadvantages, our manu-
factures are struggling to supply ourcountry with
steel. Give them, as they should have, the fos-
tering care of the Government, and before many
years wg will be able to supply ourselves with
that important article.
The home competition which will spring up
