1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2983
third volumes, which arc the reports of this year.
I suppose there will be no objection to that amend-
ment.
JYIr. HUNTER. I do not object to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAYARD. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to offer the following
amendment, to come in after line four hundred and
nineteen:
And the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized to
pay, out of any money m the Tiea-ury not otherwise appro-
priated, Mich an amount as may by him he regarded as
reasonable and just. An the rent of the moms occupied by
the United States courts at Los Angeles, California, from
the 27th of October, 1851, to the oth of August, 1856.
Mr. HUNTER. Is not that a private claim?
Mr. BAYARD. I wilt only say to the honor-
able Senator that the amendment is precisely one
which the Committee on Finance reported at a
previous session of Congress, and which then
passed the Senate, but was rejected by the House,
i suppose it is in order.
Mr. IIUNTER. It does not follow from that
that it is in order.
Mr. LATHAM. I will state, also, that it was
offered by the Senator from Virginia himself on
the 18th day of February, 1857. The Govern-
ment has had the use of this property; and it is
but right and proper, as it isa portion of the judi-
cial expenses of the Government, that the parties j
from whom the propeity was rented should be i
paid out of funds not otherwise appropriated. i
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is |
of the opinion that it is a private claim, and ex- J
cepted by the rule. j
Mr. LANE. I have an amendment that I do- i
sire to offer, and that I hope will be adopted, for j
there is much merit in it, and it will commend j
itself to the Senate, I think: j
For defraying the expenses of a geological reeonnoi«cancc i
and exploiations in Oiegoti and Washington Teimorses, '
and of the country cn route to the Faciiic near the lorn - '
seventh parallel of notth latitude, ovei and above the ap- i
propriation-5 of March 3. lS.j3, and March 3, ldjo, and tur 1
die expen&es of the analysis oi ei^hty-ojght MnKeo.il->, and |
ores, tiom dnierent localities, and in the preparation of the '
final report lor publication,.*10.359 20. ac per accounts. j
Mr. HUNTER. Is not that a private claim? '
Mr. LANE. No, sir; it is not a privateclaim. '
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to have the de-
cision of the Chair upon that.
Mr, LANE. I will state that this claim is not
only a just one, but the accounts have all been
made out, adjusted, and settled, and are ready for
payment: but an appropriation is wanted. This
matter was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and the committee instructed me to offer
this amendment to the deficiency bill; but I did
not do it, and subsequently I broughtin a bill that
passed the Senate; but the House has no oppor- H
tunity, perhaps, to reach it this session. It is a
very haid case. The work is done; the accounts ,
are all made out, and ready for payment; and I j
trust the Senate will adopt the amendment. 3t
has to be paul. Ir is to cany out an existing law ^
—a law enacted some time since for the making :!
of this survey.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thp Chair will '*
inquire of the Senator from Oregon if this appro-
priation is to carry out an existing law?
Mr. LANE. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the opinion
of the Chair, then, it is wahui the rule.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I must appeal to the
Senate not to permit this to be an omnibus bill.
The miscellaneous bill was up, to which such
things arc generally offeied. 1 hope it will be
voted down.
Mr. LANE. I hope not: I trust it will be
adopted.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to offer an amendment to
the bill, and I will console my friend from Virginia
by assuring him that it does not involve the ex-
penditure of any money:
JUnd be it finihci cnactcd. That all puichases and con-
tract's for .-uppliet- or M'jvjccf in any oi the depaitmenr> of
the Government, except lor personal teivices, when the
pubhccxigencie-s do not icquire the immediate d« liverv of
the article or articles or pctunniam-e oi the ^-mee, shall
be made by advertising a -uffieient time previously for pro-
posals le^pecting the same. When immediate dehveiy oi
peiformanu-' i* required In the public e\-i<zcney,thc at tick's
or service lequired mn\ be piocuied bv open purchase or
contract at the places nod in the manner in which such ar-
ticles are usualh bought and sold, or such seivice* engaged
between individuals! Ko contract or puteh,t e -hall In le-
afier be mode unless the same be authorized by law, or be
under an appropriation adequate to it? fulfillment, except
in the War and Navy Department? for cloth s-ub-<Menee.
forage, inel, quaiters, or transport Hum, winch, however!
than not exceed the necessities of the current yeai. No
arm's nor military supplies whatever, which m c or a patented
invention,shall be purchased, nor the right of usm" or ap-
plying any patented invention, unle« the same shall be
authorized by law, and the appropriation therefor explicitly
set tortti that it is lor such patented invention.
That is supplemental to existing legislation,
and I think it will perfect the restrictions now
imposed upon contracts made for public supplies.
11 also introduces a new feature, that of prevent-
ing the purchase of patents from individuals for
public use, unless Congress shall first make an
appropriation for the purpose. ["All right."]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I have an amendment to offer
as a new section:
Jlnd he it further cnactcd* That so much of the eighth
section ot an act, entitled '* An act making appropriations
tor the support of the Army, for me year i-mluii? the 30th of
June, 1856. and for other purpose-:/3 appiovrd March 3,
18o3, as authouzes the appointment of a brigadier general,
be, and the same i« hereby, repealed ; and that all laws re-
quirimjthat the Quartermastt i Geneial of the Asm> be of
the rank and entitled to the piy of a bnpadiei geneial be,
and the same are hereby, repealed.
Air. DAVIS. I think that had better be ox-
plained.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the Senator from Iowa
if ho thinks that is legislation appropriate to this :
bill? ~
Mr. GRIMES. The law that it proposes to
repeal was in a general appropriation bill for mil-
itary purposes.
Mr. HUNTER. That was a military bill.
Tins isa bill for legislative and judicial expenses.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not profess to be famil-
iar with the rules of the Senate, if, indeed, there
are any rules.
Mr. HUNTER, I do not say there is any rule
against it; but it is a question of congruity—
whether it is a proper species of legislation.
Mr. GRIMES. If the military bill luul not
pas&ed, pei imps that would be the more appro-
priate bill to which to attach it; but I propose to
offer it to this bill, and I hope it will receive the
support, at any rate, of some of the Senators who
have seen fit to denounce the gentlemen on this
side of th° Senate, this evening, as being exceed-
ingly profligate m the expenditure of the public
money, for that is a proposition to save a little to
the public Treasury, and I hope, especially, that
we shall receive the support of the Senator from
Georgia.
Under the law of 1846, the President was author-
ized to appoint two additional brigadier generals.
I believe that up to that time there were bur two;
one of them was General Jesup, the distinguished
general who has just died, and who for a long
time previous, and up to the time of lus death, had
been at the head of the Quartermaster General's
department; and the other, I think, was General
Wool. The President was at that time authorized
to appoint two brigadiers general. In 1855, if I
remember rightly, by the law that is specified in
the amendment which f propose, the President
was authorized to appoint an additional brigadier
general. It was alleged that it was necessary there
.should be three brigadier generals to perform act-
ive duties as brigadiers in addition to the onewho
was at the head ofthequartermaster'sdepartment.
They were unwilling to remove General Jesup,
on account of his efficiency and distinguished pub-
lic service, from that position, and put him on
active duty elsewhere. It was thought, I believe,
that he was well qualified foi that potation, and
could do ii'ieater justice to the country by duty in
that patticular position than in any other. Gen-
eral Jesup is now dead. Then- is no necessity,
i appu-hend, for the- continuance of a brigadier
general in charge of the quailermaster's depart-
ment. There is no such officer in chaige of the
commissary depaitment, there is no such officer
m charge of the pay department, tlieie is no such
officei in charge of the ordnance department; and 1
1 have never been able to discover, so fdr as I !
have heard or read, that there wax necessity for j
any such officer in comic <.tion with the quaiter- ;
master's depaitment. At any rate, I want an op- )
portunity to record my vote in favor of the abo- j
htion of one military officer.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I have been re- j
peatedly struck with the accuracy of view taken |
by the Senator from Iowa upon m ihtary questions, i
I think in principles he is usually correct; but I |
think in detail he requires yet to obtain a good
deal of information. He is certainly in error in
the present instance—in error as to historical facts.
Upon the organization of the Army, after its re-
duction upon what was called the peace establish-
ment after the war of 1812, we adopted the bast§r
of one major general and two brigadiers of the line.
1 he Quartermaster General was also made a brig-
adier general. So it continued, until the late act,
to which the Senator refers, for the addition of a
brigadier general. We should have a brigadier
general for each distinct military department
That would require more than we now have; not
Jess. We now have three. We have not for a long
time had less than five departments. This results,
as a necessity, in taking a colonel from the head of
his regiment to command a military department,
separating the head of the regiment from the con-
trol of it to act as a general under his brevet. It
saves no money. The expenditure is the same as if
you had a number of brigadier generals equal to the
number of military departments. The loss is, that
the colonel is taken from the head of his regiment.
The last clause of the amendment offered as-
sumes that a brigadier general need not be at the
head of the quartermaster's department; it seems
to me entirely appropriate that the officer who has
charge of disbursements, equal to about one half
of all the appropriations for the Army, should be
appointed by selection. If he be a colonel, he
reaches that grade by seniority; ar.d if by mere
seniority he is to succeed to all the power of dis-
bursing one half of the appropriations for the
Army, I think it is not difficult to foresee circum-
stances under which great hazard to the public
Treasury might arise. The benefit of the Quar-
termaster General being a brigadier general is
that he must be selected; he does not reach that
grade by promotion; and thus we should be se-
cure of one who is competent for the high trust
which devolves upon that station. So far as a
compliment was conveyed in the conferring of
that rank upon General Jesup, now dead, there
js> no man who knew him living who will not
say that he richly deserved it; yes, and more than
deserved it—a man who illustrated the page of his
country's history by as much of gallantry.as any
soldier that ever wore sword; as much integrity
as any man that ever held a public office; and as
much of the chivalrous delicacy of the gentleman
as ever graced an honorable man. But it is apart
from any peisonal consideration that I hope that
the Senate will view this question. It is whether
you are to put into the hands of an individual the
disbursement of some soven or eight million dol-
lars in time of peace, and perhaps three or four
times that amount in time of war, who has reached
his officc by simply outliving those who were
above him, or whetfier it shall be by a selection
made by the President and confirmed by the Sen-
ate. Thus alone can we be sure of one worthy
to possess the great power which devolves on the
head of the quartermaster's department. 1 think
it is eminently fit that that officcr should be chosen,
and have a grade which can only be readied by
selection, of theappointingpowerand confirmation
of the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Mississippi
did not understand me as casting any reflection
on the memory ot General Jesup ?
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir.
Air. GRIMES. I appreciate as highly as that
Senator, and as highly as any other man, the dis-
tinguished bravery and worth, in every regard,
of that general. I believe the principal argument
assigned by the honorable Senator from Missis-
sippi in favor of the continuance of the present
system—that is to say, of having a brigadier gen-
eral at the head of the quartermaster's depart-
ment—is, that the man who disburses such enor-
mous sums of money should be one who had had
that office couferred on him by presidential ap-
pointment, rather than reached it by regular gra-
dations of rank. Let me ask the Senator, then,
why the same reasoning does not apply to the
Paymaster General? I do not know how much
ho disburses—1 do not pretend to know; but I
apprehend that there isa very large amount of
money that passes through the hands of the Pay-
master General; yet he only has the lineal rank
of colonel. You have a very large amount of
money that passes through the hands of the Com-
missary General; yet he has only the lineal rank
of colonel. 1 cannot see, therefore, the force of
