2934
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
the argument urged by the Senator from Missis-
sippi. It is a question with which, I confess, I
am not as well prepared to grapple as that Sena-
tor. 1 have not given much reflection to it; but
1 thought that now, when we were upon the sub-
jfcr.t of retrenchment and reform, and when we
were challenged to produce at least one example
of an effort at retrenchment and reform in the
public.expenses, here would be a good opportu-
nity to test the question.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have no doubt that the hon-
orable Senator from Mississippi is right about this
amendment. I think it ought to be done; but I
do think we owe it to ourselves and the country
to stop this practice of legislating in this way.
The idea of adding on military bills to the legis-
lative and judicial appropriation bill is a matter
that ought not to be tolerated by the Senate. I
should think that the proposition the Senator from
Mississippi makes is a good proposition, but I
cannot consent to embarrass the operations of the
country for that, six days before the adjournment,
on a bill to which it is in no sense germane. The
committee kept us four or five days 
Mr. DAVIS. It is not my proposition.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator advocated it,and
I supposed he offered it.
Mr. DAVIS. No; the Senator is entirely mis-
taken. 1 am opposing the amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 thought you were attempt-
ing to put it on this bill.
Mr. DAVIS. No; not at all. I am trying-to
keep it off.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then I am with you. I agree
in your opinions, njid thought it was your amend-
ment; hut 1 say 1 want no amendment of any
sort of this kind on this bill. 1 do not want any-
thing about the Army on the legislative and judi-
cial bill.
Mr. GRIMES. Do I understand the Senator
to say that he agrees with the Senator from Mis-
sissippi in his opinion that this officer should be
continued'
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. In one word I wish to reply to
the Senator from Iowa, so as to remove an objec-
tion in his mind.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before making that re-
ply, will the Senator allow me to ask him a ques-
tion ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the difficulty in
selecting the (Quartermaster General precisely in
the manner the Senatoi says, without having a
man holding the rank of brigadier general1 (Jan
he not be selected from among the colonels, or
from any other grade, just as well, and be eon-
firmed by the Senate ?
Mr. DAVIS. 1 will answer the Senator. Pro-
motion in the quartermaster's department, as in
any corps or regiment of tin1 Army, goes by seni-
ority up to the grade of colonel; but the Quarter-
master General is a brigadier general, and under
the laws of the United States, and the regulations
of the Army, is taken by selection, like all other
generals. He is by selection merely because lie
has the rank of genera!. If he had the iank of
colonel, he would be by promotion. That is the
answer.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not necessarily, as I un-
derstand it.
Mr. DAVIS. Necessarily. The Senator from
Iowa asked me a question in relation to the Pay-
master General. The Paymaster General has but
a very small amount to disburse compared with
the Quartermaster General, and it is disbursed
under laws which ar^fixed; it passes into th<%
hands of the deputies, and the Paymaster General
is, iu fact, but the head of an office which settles
the accounts. The Qjurtermaster General neces-
sarily has largo discretion, makes extensive con-
tracts and disbursements involving millions of
dollars, the location and exact character of which
cannot be anticipated. The Paymaster Genera!
duties arc so simple that I have long considered
that the office was unnecessary, and that the whole
Paymaster General's corps might be swallowed
up m the Quartermaster General's department
without scarcely increasing its labors. The amend-
ment is one of the Senator from Iowa to change
existing laws, and I am insisting that the law
shall st.md or it is.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am with you on that.
Mr. GRIMES callcd for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 21, nays 2G; as follows:
YEAti—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Cameron, Chand-
ler, Clark, Collamei, Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee, Fessenden,
Foot, Gnraes, Hamlin, Harlan, King, ltice, Sumner, Ten
Eyck, Tiumtmll, Wilkinson, and Wilson—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Bavard, I3i«ler? Bimht, Brown, Ches-
nut, CI tubman, Davids, Fitch, Fitzpatrtck, Gwin, Hemphill,
Hunter, Iveison, Johnson of Tennessee, Lane, Latham,
Mallory, Nicholson, Pearcc, Polk, Powell, Pugh, Sauls-
bury, Slidell, Toombs, and Wigtall—26.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have some amendments
which I am instructed by the Committee on In-
dian Affairs to offer. The first is to insert after
line four hundred and nine:
For the pay of two fecial and temporary clerks in the
Indian Office, of the first and second classes respectively,
to bo employed upon the duties of issuing patents#, and in-
vestigating and rceordmg transfeis of lands under the
treaties with the Indian tribes in the Terntory of Kansas,
$2,6U0.
I simply wish to say to the Senate that this is
not only recommended, but urged by the Indian
Office as a service which is absolutely necessary
for the discharge of the duties incumbent on them.
It wdl be observed further, that the employment
is only for twelve months, and it is but to do spe-
cial service, temporary in its character, which the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs says the ordinary
clerical force of his office will not enable him to
do. Under these ciicumstances, I hope, as it is
a temporary employment, and embraces only two
more clerks, and he cannot get along without
them, that it will be acceded to by the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 20, noes 17.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have another amend-
ment to offer:
For payment of a permanent topographei or draughtsman
for the Indian Office, to be paid at the rate of a clerk of the
second class, $'1,400.
The duties of a topographer or draughtsman
for the Indian Office, which have been always ex-
tensive, have been performed heretofore by a kind
of courtesy between the Land Office and the Indian
Office, by which the topographer of the Land
Office was loaned to the Indian Officc. The duties
of that officer for the Land Office arc now so en-
grossing that the Indian Office can no longer avail
itself of his services. It therefore asks for a topog-
rapher of its own, and recommended a salary of
$1,GQ0, but the committee thought $>1,400 would
employ a competent pcison, and reported the
a m e n d m e n t a c c o r d i n g 1 y.
Mr. RICE. I am opposed to this amendment.
There has been, if I am correctly informed, a con-
siderable sum of money appropriated here to en-
able the Indian Officc to make a mop showing the
different Indian reservations in the United States.
1 think it has cost some three thousand dollars.
Mr. FITCH. Five thousand dollars.
Mr. lUCE. Perhaps it is §5,000; and 1 ven-
ture to say that a hrttci map could have been made1
for fifty dolhus. I am opposed to anything of
the kind. There is not a single thing about it that
is accurate, or very few things.
Mr. FITCH. I was mistaken in telling the
Senator that it was $5,000. Probably his first
statement was nearly correct. But it only shows
the necessity for this provision. It is an errone-
ous map—a very erroneous map; but it was made
by outsiders, not by a regular draughtsman,
if the bureau could have employed a regular
draughtsman,the map wouldhavo been mateiialiy
different.
Mr. IlICE. Wo have been appropriating money
every year for Warren's maps, Stevens's maps,
and Eastman maps,and everybody else's maps,
and we have map upon map of the entire country.
A boy ten yeans old, who reads the treaties, could
take either one of these maps, and in twenty min-
utes mark out the different Indian reservations,
and get them more accurately than I have ever
seen any map purporting to come from any of the
Departments for this purpose. I am opposed to
the v/hole thing.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. There is a good deal of
truth in what the Senator from Minnesota says.
Mr. RICE. Every word of *t js {rue.
Mr, SEBASTIAN, The construction of that
map, which now belongs to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, was made under a special appropria-
tion. The office was very much disappointed in
the character and ability of the two persons who
were at first employed at it, and they'at last put
a man at the work who finished it in a short time,
and has made a very creditable work, but not ac-
curate in all respects.
Mr. RICE. Hardly in any respect.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. In a greal deal. There
are some small inaccuracies on that map, as the
Senator from Minnesota and myself can soon
show the Senate, if we are disposed to make a
contest about that small matter of detail. That
shows the very reason why we want a topog-
rapher. We do not want htm to make any more
maps; but the ordinary duties of the office in mak-
ing small sketches and drawings of reservations
will require the constant attention of one draughts-
man. If we do not make the office permanent,
we shall be compelled to employ outside persons
upon temporary occasions, and pay them out of
the contingent fund, which, I am sure, will ac-
complish no useful purpose. I hope, therefore,
we may legitimate this employment, because it is
necessary. I am assured so by the officer who is
in charge of this business. I do not wish this
appropriation for the purpose of continuing that
map, or making more maps, or duplicating that
map, but to discharge the ordinary duties of the
office, which they have been heretofore enabled
to accomplish by means of the courtesy of the
Land Office, but which now the engrossing duties
of the latter office will not permit them to do any
longer. I hope, under this statement of the case,
my friend from Minnesota will modify the opinion
he has expressed.
Mr. RICE. I do not care so much about the
money as I do about the ridiculous part of this
business.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. We will knock off the
ridiculous part.
Mr. RICE. I want to ask the honorable chair-
man of the committee of which I am a humble
member, if we did not vote two or three thousand
dollars some years ago to pay Captain Eastman
for a map which he drew, which was a very ac-
curate and creditable map? Then we went on to
appropriate §3,000 more to pay somebody else for
making a map. One was made; and you cannot
tell anything more about it from that map than
you could if it was done in Chinese. It is said
the Land Office formerly did this duty. I say it
never did it. It never was requisite, and it is not
necessary now. The regular surveys made by the
Government, under the system adopted by the
General Land Office, show, of necessity, all these
Indian reservations. For them we have paid an-
nually; and now arc you going to make appropria-
tions, year after year, to keep somebody employed
not competent to do the duty? At any rate it is
a duty that is entirely unnecessary.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I am instructed by the
ommittee on Indian Affairs to offer the following
'amendment:
Jlndbcitfiulhcr enacted, That the President of the United
States be, and he hereby i*., authoi ized to appoint two eom-
imsbionci^, whose duty it tdiall be to piocccd to the north-
ern liontier of the State of Texas, and take testimony, un-
der such liife* and iemulations a>s shall be proscribed by the
Secrctai) of the Inteiior, as to deportation* and spoliations
committed since the 13th day ot December, Je*oO, on citi-
zens ol the United States, on said lnmtier, by Indians sub-
ject to the jurisdiction ot the United States. Said com-
mis^ioiiei-^hall b < allowed a compensation of eight dollars
per dinn. and their actual neee-^ary tiavelmg expenses.
And ioi the purpose ot defraying the expenses of said com-
mission, the hum ot $10,out) is hereby appropriated out of
any moneys In the Tioasury not otherwise appiopiuited, to
be expended under the direction ot the Secretary of the
Inteiior.
Mr. HUNTER. This is in the nature of a
proposition which has been attempted for New
Mexico and some of the Territories before, to send
out commissioners to bunt up claims. We tried
that in Oregon, and then, when we submitted it
to the Auditor here, I think he reduced them one
half. It seems to me that, like all other claimants,
they ought to come here and prove their claims.
Mr. WIGFALL. I dislike to press this mat-
ter, or anything else, on this bill; but it is clearly
germane to the bill. This is a legislative and
judiciary bill. This amendment is for appointing
officers, who are to ascertain in a judicial capacity
the exact state of accounts between persons hav-
ing claims against the Government of the United
States and the Government itself. It is impos-
sible, without the appointment of this commis-
sion^! would not press it if it were not so—ever
