i860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1047
providcjl by the treaty of Ghent, for negroes car-
ried oh by the British troops in the war of 1812;
the petition of Mary A. Wise, of Virginia, pray-
ing compensation for a negro taken by the British
in ]814, out of the fund provided by the treaty of
Ghent for the payment of such losses; and the pe-
tition of the son and heir of Edward Rudd, praying
compensation for slaves carried off by the enemy
during the last war with Great Britain, submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 259) for
the relief of W. K. Jennings and others. The
bill was read, and passed to a second reading; and
the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SAULSBURY, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the petition of
F.TQ. Hassler, administrator of the late F. R.
Hassler, superintendent of the coast surrey and :
of ihe works for the construction of standards of 1
weight and measure, praying remuneration for
losses and expenses incurred by his father, sub- i
milled an adverse report; which was ordered to |
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom 1
was referred the bill (S. No. 21) in relation to the !
Louisville and Portland canal, asked to be dis- .
charged from its further consideration; wlirch j
was agreed to. j
He also, from the same committee, to whom |
was referred the joint resolution (S. No. G) au- !
thorizing the enlargement of and construction of
a branch of the Louisville and Portland canal,
reported it with an amendment. '
Mr. POWELL. I move that the resolution
reported by the Senator from Delaware, on the
subject of the Louisville and Portland canal, be
maOe the special order for Wednesday next, at
two o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of j
Daniel B. Martin, praying compensation for the !
use by the Government of his patent vertical tubu- :
lar boiler, asked to be discharged from its further j
consideration; which was agreed to.
AGATHA. O'BRIEN".
Mr. DAVIS. The Committee on Military Af- j
fairs, to whom was referred the memorial of Aga-
tha O'Brien, widow of Brevet Major J. P. J.
O'Brien, praying that the amount charged against
him on the books of the Treasury as assistant
quartermaster may be canceled, and that she may
be allowed the amount of pay found due him as
captain of artillery, have instructed me to make
a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 2C0) for
her relief; and if it be the pleasure of the Senate,
I would ask the present consideration of the bill.
It is for the adjustment of the accounts of a de-
ceased officer.
There being no objection, the bill (3. No. 260)
for the reiirf of Mrs. Agatha O'Brien, widow of
Brevet Major J. P. J. O'Brien, late of the United
States Army, was read twice by its title,and con-
sidered as in Committeeof the Whole. It directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to her such
sums as may be found due to her late husband as
captain of artillery, from the 31st of December,
1849, when lie was" last paid, to the 31st of March,
1850, the day of his diath; and that his accounts
on the books of the Treasury be balanced.
The lull was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be ensrossod for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed. |
XOTICE OF A HILL. I
Mr. GRIMES gave notice of his intention to ;
ask leave to introduce a bill providing for the re- ■
trocession of the District of Columbia to the State
of Maryland, and for the removal of the capital of .
the United States from the city of Washington to
some other more central and convenient place.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Air. CRITTENDEN asked, and by unanimous i
consent obtained, leave to introduce it bill (S.No.
257) further to amend an act to ascertain and set-
tle private land claims in California; winch was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims. :
POINT COU'Eli PARISH.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 ask the unanimous con- '
sent of fhe Senate to introduce a bill with a view
to its present passage, which has been prepared i
by the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
for the purpose of quieting the title to two tracts
of land belonging to the parish of Point Coupee,
Louisiana, and occupied by that parish for a court-
house and Catholic place of worship and ceme-
tery. The bill has been drawn up by the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, and I trust
there will be no objection to its passage now. The
bill speaks for itself; it is a single section.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to in-
troduce the bill (S. No. 258) to grant to the parish
of Point Coupee, Louisiana, certain tracts of land
in said district; and it was read twice, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides that the tracts of land in that parish which
have been in ancient occupancy as the site of a
church and court-house, and which are desig-
nated on the plats of the public surveys as sections
twenty-fourand twenty-five, township foursouth,
of range ten east, in the southeastern district of
Louisiana, shall be granted to the parish, on con-
dition that section twenty-four, or the church site,
shall be held by the parish for the use of the
Catholic congregation now occupying it for pub-
he worship and as a burial-ground: but not to
the prejudice of an adverse right, if such exist.
The' bill was reported to the Seriate without
amendment.
Mr. FOSTER. I should like to ask the hon-
orable Senator from Louisiana whether the bill
comes from the Committee on Private Land
Claims, or is now introduced by himself?
ilr. BENJAMIN. It is now introduced. As
I stated to the Senate, it has been drawn up at the
I,and Office. The conri-'ionse and the Catholic
church and bunol-ground. fr. that parish, are sit-
uated upon two tract'of land < mbracc-d in the
bill, and have bee.j ,>o from tune immemorial.
The titles are lost: and the Commissioner of the
General Land Ofiice, at my request, drew up the
bill, m which the title of the parish to these two
tracts of land is confirmed on the ground of an-
cient occupancy, and reserving the rights of any
third person that may have any title to the land.
I have the letter of the Commissioner here. The
bill states the facts on its face. There are no
papers, and can be none if it be sent to the com-
mittee.
Mr. FOSTER. I have no objection to the pas-
sage of the bill; only it seemed to me to be rather
a Iqosc practice to grant titles to the land on the
introduction of a bill by a single Senator, without
the examination of a committee. However, if it
is satisfactory to the Senator from Louisiana, I
shall certainly waive any objection I mieht have
to it under the circumstances.
The bill was ordered to bo ensrrosbed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed,
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. IIatzs, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (No. 44) confirming cer-
tain land entries under the third section of the
act of 3d March, ie>55, entitled •• An act making
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department for tiie fiscal year ending the 30th of
June, 1856;" in which the concurrence of the Sen-
ate was requested.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 26*i to ex-
tend the provisions of "An act to enable the State
of Arkansasand other States to reclaim the swamp
lands within their limits," to Minnesota and Ore-
gon, and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the House
had ordered this day the printing of me follow-
ing documents:
Letter of the PostmasterGcncral, communicat-
ing renort of fines imposed and deductions from
the pay of mail contrea tors for ihe preceding year
—ordered at twehe o'clock and twenty minutes.
Letter of the Superintendent of PuMi- Print-
in;, communicating estimates lor deficiencies lor
printing, bmdimr, and lithographing—ordered at
twelve o'clock anil thirteen minutes.
Resolutions of the Legislature of Californij,
asking mail facilities for the northern part ot that
State—ordered at twelve o'clock and fourteen
: minutes.
: Resolutions of the Legislature, of California,
asking for the establishment of a Sunday mail from
San Francisco to Sacramento—ordered at twelve
i o'clock and fifteen minutes.
; ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will call
up, at this hour, what ha understands is the
unfinished business of yesterday—the Military
I Academy bill. /
i Mr. COLLAMER. I took the floor upon a
| subject which was under consideration yesterday,
with the intent to speak upon it to-day, and with
the understanding that I was to do so. I sup-
posed, as the subject was considered before this
jane yesterday, it would stand before it if they '
were postponed until to-day, and the motion to
r postpone took that form. I may not Ijave taken
j exactly the right form to effect my purpose; but
' thatwas my desire, and thatwas my expectation.
Mr. WIGFALL. Will the Senator yield to
me for a moment? I believe I have as much in-
terest in the bill which comes up as unfinished
business as anybody; but I have no objection at
all to waiving the precedence of this bill until the
Senator concludes his speech; hoping, after he
has delivered his speech, that he and his friends
will leave us at least with a quorum, in order to
consider other matters when they come up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Upon what reso;
lutions does the Senator from Vermont desire to
speak ?
Mr. COLLAMER. TheresoIutionsoftheSen-
ator from Mississippi, [Mr. Beows.1
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved and
seconded to postpone the unfinished business and
j all other orders, with a view to take up the reso-
h lutions of the Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. WIGFALL. Is it understood that, after"
I; tlie Senator has concluded his speech, the bill
I which comes up as the unfinished business of yes-
!> terdav will be taken up in its regular order?
Mr. COLLAMER. Yes, sir.
\ Mr. WIGFALL. With that understanding, of
e course I give wav.
n The VICE PRESIDENT. It must be put in
i the form of a motion. Things may take such
II a form that the Chair cannot call it up. If the
!i understanding is that it is laid aside temporarily
'' until the Senator from Vermont concludes his
j spec eh, then the Chair would call it up after he
e lias concluded.
jl Mr. GWIN. I hope that will be considered 41s
' the understanding.
. Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I understand
: the object is to give an opportunity to the Senator
'I from Vermont to speak, and that this proposition
h will be postponed informally.
:i Air. GWIN. Yes, sir.
j! Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Thenthisbill
—theMilitaryAcademybill—is considered by the
President as the unfinished business 01 yesterday,
and therefore before the Senate. I understood
the motion made yesterday to be to postpone the
bill until to-morrow, for the purpose of having the
11 message and accompanying documents printed,
j: That motion, I understand, was agreed to; but it
f; is not material. I do not understand, however,
'i that that motion left it as the unfinished business
: before the Senate. There is a special order that
1 comes up at half past one o'clock to-day; but for
, the purpose of accommodating the two contesting
: parties, as I hope they will get through to-day,
' I desire to make a motion which I think will be
:: acceptable to all. I move that the homestead bill
• be made the special orderfor half pa?toneo'clock
■I on Tuesday next. That will relieve the present
difficulty.
j: The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will state
I' to the Senator from Tennessee that the home-
i stead bill is the special order for half past one
o'clock to-day. The present occupant was not in
,! the Chair when the Senate adjourned yesterday,
lj and he found another bill 011 his table, marked
ii "unfinishedbusiness." The Senator from Ten-
j! nessce moves that the homestead bill be postponed
j, until Tuesday next, at half past one o'clock, and
:i that it be made the special order for that hour.
1: Air. DAVIS. I'thiuk the Senate should either
j: abandon the Calendar entirely and rely uponspe-
I cial orders, or pay some respect to it. It is no
ij advantage to report a bill early m the session, if
[■ it is to be postponed from day to day, and week
II to week, by special orders, if the Senate prefer,
j however, to proceed in the mannei of special or-
1! deis entirely, and not rely on the Calendar, I am
willing to take my chance in that way too.
i, Mi\ JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am very glad
I. that the Senator from Mississippi has called
