1860.
.THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1991
gon, or any portion of this country , that boars
upon its face anything like fraud or injustice.
Mr. PITCH. By the courtesy of the Senator
from Ohio, I wish simply to state that at some
future day, and I trust an early day, I shall have
something to say in regard to newspaper attacks
in connection with this bill, to which the Senator
from Oregon has alluded. I may speak of their
source; I shall speak of their object. It is suffi-
cient now to say that they are without the shadow
of a shade of circumstance to sustain them.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. "WADE. I move now to take up the
homestead bill, and I hope we shall pfoceed with
it until we finally finish it, as we shall do, I trust,
to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) It is the duty of the Chair to an-
nounce the special ®rder of the day, being the un-
finished business of yesterday, the resolutions of
the Senator from Mississippi. The Senator from
Ohio moves to postpone the special order, and all
prior ones, with a view to take up for considera-
tion the homestead bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not antagonize with the Sen-
ator from Ohio, particularly as I understand the
Senator from Tennessee hopes to get a vote on
this bill to-ilay. All controversies Sbout priority
of business, consuming time, are to me entirely
disagreeable. I hope, however, when the reso-
lutions are taken up to-morrow, we shall continue
to consider them until we reach a vote.
Mr. WADE. I hope we shall get through with
this bill, so that there will be nothing to interrupt
that; and I think we can get through, if we are
disposed to do it, to-day.
_The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed, as in Committee of the Whole, the con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 416) to secure home-
steads to actual settlers on the public domain,and
for other purposes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The Chair will state, that the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Wade] moved to amend the bill of the com-
mittee by striking out all after the enacting clause,
and inserting the House bill. Before the question
shall be taken on substituting one bill for the
other, both propositions—the matter proposed to
be stricken out, and the matter proposed to be in-
serted—are open to perfection; and ill ordertg
avoid confusion, the Chair will state further, that
he will consider motions to amend the original
bill, or the bill of the committee, in the first place;
and after that shall have been perfected, he will
entertain motions to amend the matter proposed
to be inserted — the House bill. The following
amendment is now pending to the original (or com-
mittee's) bill, offered by the Senator fromjion-
tucky, [Mr. Crittun'den.] In section five, line
two, to strike out the words "now or hereafter,"
and to insert " who at the passage of this act is;"
so that the section will read:
See. 5. Jlni be it fmther enacted, That if any person,
who, at the passage of this act, is a resident of any one ot
the States or Territories, and not a citizen of the United
States, but who, at the time of making  ueh application for
the benefit ot tins aet, shall have filed a deelaiation of in-
tention, as required by the naturalization laws of tiie United
states, and shail have become a citizen of the same before
the is&uing of the patent, as provided for m tins act. such
person shah be entitled to ail the rights conferred by this
act.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 move to amend the bill by
inserting after the word "family,'' in the third
line of the first section, the words, "or single per-
son over the age of twenty-one years."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask if that
was not submitted and voted on before?
Mr. GRIMES. It was not submitted by me;
and I am not aware that it was voted on by the
Senate. I understand from Senators around me
that it has not been submitted to the Senate, and
has not been voted on.
Several Senators. What is the object'
Mr. GRIMES. The object is to grant the
preemption right to the head of a family or a
single person over the'age of twenty-one years,
and a citizen of the United States. I have a
single word to say m support of this proposition.
I cannot, for my life, conceive any substantial
leason why the policy of Congress in relation to
the subject of the disposal of the public lands in
regard to this particular point, should be changed
at this juncture; nor can I see any principle on
which the Congress of the United States should
undertake to distinguish between persons as to
their particular domestic and social relations. Be-
cause a man happens not to be a married man or
the head a family, I do not conceive that that
is a substantial reason why he should be de-
prived of the. benefits of a preemption under the
laws of the United States. I do not apprehend
thatgentlemenwhomlseearoundme here should
be deprived of the benefits of a preemption under
the laws of Congress, because they are so unfor-
tunate as not to enjoy the domestic felicity which
some other members of the Senate are permitted
to enjoy. I cannot conceive why the venerable
and venerated President of the United States, for
instance, when he shall retire from the position
that he now occupies, and shall seek to forget
the cares and anxieties of public life, if he chooses
to go upon the public domain, should not be per-
mitted to go there and enjoy like privileges with
the humblest citizen of the -United States. I
say it would be unjust to him, and it would be
unjust to my friend's around me. If it would be
unjust to them, it would be equally unjust to any
other citizen of the United States; and it is in con-
travention of the settled policy of this Govern-
ment on this subject.
You have passed, since the first preemption law
was adopted, in 1799, which was an act granting
a retrospective preemption to the purchasers under
John Cleve Simms, fifty-nine preemption laws.
With the single exception of three of them, you
have granted them without distinction of rights as
to the fact whether the persons taking under the
preemption laws were citizens of the United States,
or whether they had filed their declarations to
become citizens of the United States, or whether
they were heads of families or not. You only
asked, up to 1841—prior to which time there
had been thirty-eight preemption laws passed, all
of which were retrospective—that these people
should go upon the public domain, develop the
resources of the country, strengthen your Govern-
ment, and then you declared they should be enti-
tled to enjoy all tncbenefits of yourpreemption law.
In 1841,you adopted yourfirst prospective preemp-
tion law; and the benefits of that law were not
confined to the heads of families; and in only one
or two instances out of fifty-nine, (almost an av-
erage of one preemption law per annum during
the last sixty years,) was there any restriction to
the heads of families. Now, I say there is no
principle that I can conceive of why we should
change the current of legislation upon this sub-
ject, and undertake to confine the benefits of this
graduation law, or this preemption law, (for it is
in effect nothing else than a preemption law,) to
persons who happen to be married, or happen to
be the heads of families.
Then, again, Mr. President, this bill, in this
shape, is exceedingly unjust, and will operate an
injustice to some classes of our citizens. Now,
a single man can go upon the public domain upon
paying $1 25 per acre.
Mr.PUGH. The preemption law stands.
Mr. GRIMES. A man can go on the public
lands. If he is a single man he can go upon the
public domain only on paying $1 25, under your
preemption laws, or purchasing the land at a pub-
] tic sale. If he happens to be a man with a family,
I he can go upon the public domain, and have a
I credit of five years, under this bill, anil then enter
it at twenlv-fivc cents an aero. If, in the mean
time, he finds an opportunity to sell it during
those five years, he can go to the land office ana
enter it at $1 25 an acre. But a young man, who
is still struggling to establish himself, so that he
may become the head of a family, is obliged to
expend his §1 25 an acre in the first instauce,be-
foie he can go oil the public domain and make
his improvement. _
Mr.PUGH. The Senator is mistaken. Two
years are given to settlers und-r the general pre-
emption act. by the seventh section of this bill.
Mr. CRIMES. Very well. If the Senator
will refer to section ten of this bill he will see
That iiothin? in tins act shall be so construed as to pre-
vent any person who has availed him or herself ef the ben-
etitof (lie first scction'of this actfiom paying the minimum
price, or tlio price to which the same may have been grad-
uated, for the quantity of land so entered at any time be-
foie tiie expiiation of the li\e years, and obtaiumga patent
therefor from the Government, as m other eases provided
by iaiv.
Under this provision a single man, one of my
friends around me here, can go on the public do-
main only upon paying $1 25 per acre; or he can
apply under the preemption law, and have tw.o
years' credit before he must pay up his fl'25; but
1 can go on that public land and have five years'
credit, and then enter it at twenty-five cents an'
acre; or if I enter on land which in (he mean time
has graduated down to twelve and a half cents an
acre, I can enter it at that price; whereas my
neighbor, occupying an adjacent quarter section
to me—entitled, as I think, in justice, to all the
benefits that should be conferred upon any citizen
of the United States—is obliged to pay $1 25 an
acre for his land.
Mr. PUGH. Will the Senator permit me to
"call his attention to another section ? The home-
stead part of this bill is only applied to public
lands liable to sale at private entry; but the pre-
emption law, under a variety of acts, is extended
even to unsurveyed lands in many cases; so that,
if he will balance the case of the preSmptor and
the cnterer of the homestead under this Senate
bill, he will find that the advantages are about
equal. The difference in price is more than com-
pensated by the advantages of the preemption.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President 
Mr. FITCH. If I have the permission of the
Senator from Iowa, as he appears to be now speak-
ing to the merits of the bill, I wish to state an ob-
jection to his amendment, in order that he may so
modify it as to obviate the objection. The object
of the bill evidently is to give only to heads of
families. I have no objection to voting for an
amendment which will allow male citizens over
twenty-one years of age to enter the same amount
of land; but his amendment goes further.
Mr. GRIMES. I am willing to make the
amendment suggested by the Senator from Indi-
ana, although "in principle 1 am in favor of the
proposition I submitted. For the sake of secur-
ing the vote of the Senator from Indiana, I will
make the altciation.
Mr. FITCH. The principle may be correct;
but it is not the principle of the bill. The Senator
will see that his amendment would permit an un-
married female to obtain land, who subsequently A
might marry an unmarried male, settled by the
side of her tract; and then, of course, they would
have three hundred and twenty acres instead of
ono hundred and sixty—a speculation at the ex-
pense of heads of families who happen to reside
near them. _
Mr. GREEN. I am strongly inclined to think
that I shall support this bill now; for instead of
being a homestead bill, as was originally an-
nounced, it has dwindled down and become sim-
ply a measure proposing to reduce the price of the
public lands on certain conditions. I was opposed
to the homestead bill first, because Congress could
not create a homestead. The moment the title
passes out of the United States, the land is sub-
ject to State laws—liable to be sold for taxes,
under execution for Stale debts, and otherwise.
The friends of the measure seem to have given up
the idea of a homestead. A homestead may be
right enough in itself; but a homestead must be
created by the competent authority; a homestead
must be created by the States, not by the Federal
Government, Since that idea is given up, I feel
very much inclined to support this proposition,
not because it is a homestead, but because it is
not a homestead, and because it simply provides
a means for lowering the price of the public lands
on certain terms; and I would like the public to
know, throughout the length and breadth of this
Government, that this has no more relevancy,
has no more relation, has no more similarity to
a homestead bill, than it has to anythingelsc that
you may choose to denominate it. It is a bill to
lower the price of the public lands from §1 25
down to twenty-five cents an acre, provided the
party purchasing shall go upon the land and oc-
cupy it for five years.
1 wish, however, in this connection, to throw
out one suggestion, I do not wish the United
States to hold up public lands in the States—to
lease them out and permit them to be occupied,
with the title vested in the United States—to the
detriment of the States. I believe in the original
doctrine, the modern doctrine, the true doctrine
of State rights. If the Federal Government can
hold the public lands, and permit them to be oc-
cupied and leased out on terms for five years, way
not for twenty-five, why not for fifty-five, why
