1048
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
attention to this matter. It is certainly true, that
those cases on the Calendar will never be reached
if this practise is to be permitted, that every prop-
osition to make a bill a special order shall be
adooted. It is undoubtedly an abandonment of
all the regular practice of the Senate. The Calen-
dar is never reached. It has not been reached this
session, and it is not going to be reached for the
residue of the session, if we continue this mode
of proceeding. I shall, myself, certainly from this
out vote to set aside these special orders, if it is
sought by any one to push them aside for any
^purpose \yhatever, and shall uniformly vote against^
making special orders and assigning a particular
time, to the exclusion of all other business, for
the consideration of those bills in which gentle-
men may feel a particular personal anxiety. I do
hope that the Senate will put down the system at
once.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. If the sugges-
tion made by the Senator from Mississippi had
been adopted at an early day, it would have
brought up the consideration of the homestead
bill long since. It is the first bill upon the Calen-
dar—number one.
Mr. DAVIS. It will come up then on the
Calendar.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. But it was
made a special order in connection with other spe-
cial orders, which bring about the present state of
things. We have a proposition before the Sen-
ate which comes up as the unfinished business.
Here is a Senator who is desirous of speaking on
another subject, and Senators on both sides are
disposed to accommodate him, and wish to waive
informally the unfinished business, so that lie can
speak, with the understanding that after he has
concluded, it will come up. There is a special
order for half past one o'clock to-day, the home-
stead bill; but, for the purpose of accommodating
all parties, and making a motion that would be
entirely acceptable to all, I propose to continue
'hat special order until half past one o'clock on
Tuesday next. I can see no objection to that
motion. The only object 1 had m view was to
accommodate both parties. It is the first bill upon
the Calendar, and I hope the Senate will agree to
make it the special order for Tuesday.
Mr. MALLOR V. There is a bill upon our
Calendar about which I feel a special anxiety. I
have, however, waived pressing it upon the Sen-
ate, because this bill of my friend from Texas is
really of a more pressing character. But I wish
to call the attention of the Senate to the singular
effect of the manner of our doing business. We
have called up the bill to which I allude, whichis
to increase the pay of the Navy, and we have con-
sidered it and abandoned it, leaving it unfinished.
We took up the bill reported by the Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Seidell] upon the banks of the
District of Columbia, discussed it two days, and
left that unfinished. We took up the bill of the
honorable Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis]
upon the subject of purchasing arms for the States,
discussed it three days, and left that unfinished;
and now we are proceeding probably to the dis-
cussion of the homestead bill for the first time.
Whatever proposition may be made which may
induce the Senate to take up these bills and reso-
lutions upon the Calendar, in order, I will adhere
to. The resolutions which are now about to be
discussed were introduced on the 18th of January;
the next ones, from the Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. Davis,] upon the 2d of February; the bank
bill on the 5th of February; and the naval bill on
the Gth of February. 1 wish to give notice to the
Senate; without appearing to be importunate, that
to-morrow, or some very early day, as I shall
have to leave the city shortly, and as I feel soma
anxiety about the bill, having reported it, 1 shall
ask the Senate to take it up and conclude it; either
pass it, amend it, or reject it entirely.
Mr. GWIN. The remarks which have been
made by various Senators "this morning, prove
that the suggestion of the Senator from Missis-
sippi ought to be strictly adhered to. If wt?pro-
ceed with the Calendar, we have no discussions
in regard to the priority of business, upon which
a great deal of time is wasted. I will not detain
the Senator from Vermont five minutes. If we
take up the Calendar in its order, wo shall have
noneof thatdiscussion.aiid no time will be wasted
in that way. It has been shown, by the Senator ,
from Florida, that special order after special order 1
has been made, and that some progress has been
made in the consideration of those special orders,
and that they have then been left unfinished, and
all the discussion that had taken place previously
has passed away from the minds of Senators, and
they are not prepared to vote, and we shall have
to go through with it again. Two or three ques-
tions have been examined and discussed before
the Senate as special orders that are still pending,
and have been put aside for other questions and
other special orders. Mr. President, I am in favor
of proceeding regularly with the Calendar, be-
cause I think those members of this body, who
are vigilantin bringingforward measures in which
their constituents are deeply interested should
have the benefit of their industry; and the meas-
ures they propose should be taken up for consider-
ation. I do hope that we shall proceed to the Cal-
endar, and call it, at least, for once in three years,
for it has not been called since I have been here.
Not a public bill has been considered on the Cal-
endar in its order since I have been here. Private
bills are called up in their order; but, to the best
of my recollection, we have not taken up the Cal-
endar of public bills for the last three years. I
hope that from this time forward we shall take up
the bills on the Calendar, in their order, and see if
we cannot make some progress with business.
, The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
the homestead bill be postponed until Tuesday
next, and made the special orderfor that day, at
half past one o 'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is now moved
to lay aside informally the unfinished business of
yesterday, with a view to take up the resolutions
of the Senator from Mississippi.
The motion was agreed to.
PROPERTY IN TERRITORIES.
The Senate accordingly resumed the consider-
ation of the following resolutions, submitted by
Mr. Brown on the 18th of January:
Resolved, That the Territories arc the common property
of all tlio States, and that it is the privilege of the citizens
of all tile States to go into the Tenitories with every kind
er description of propeity recognized by tlie Constitution
of the United States and held under the laws of any of the
States, and that it is the constitutional duty of the law-
making power, wherever lodged, and by whomsoever ex-
eicised, whether by the Congress or the Territorial Legis-
lature. to enact -urh laws as may be found necessary for the
adequate and sufficient protection of such property.
Resolved, That the Committee on Terutories tie instructed
to mseit, inany bill they may report for the organization of
new Territories, a clause declaring it to be the duty of the
Terntoi ial Legislature to enact adequate and sufficient laws
for the protection of all kinds of property, as above described,
within the limits of the Territory, and that, upon its failure
or refusal to do so, it is the admitted duty of Congress to
intripo&c and pass such laws.
The question is on the amendment of Mr. Wil-
kinson, to strike out all afte% the word " re-
solved," where it first occurs, and insert the fol-
lowing:
That the Territories arc the common property of thepeo-
plc ot the United States ; that Congress has full power and
authority to pass all laws necessary and proper for the gov-
ernment of such Teiritories; and that, m the exercise of
such power, it is the duty of Congress so to legislate in re-
lation to slavery therein that the interests of free labor may
be encouraged and protected in such Territories.
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be instructed
to insert in any bill they may report for the organization of
new Territories a clause declaring that there shall be neither
slavery nor involuntary servitude in such Tenitories, ex-
cept ill punishment lor crime wherof the party has been
duly convicted.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, the reso-
lutions under consideration relate to the condition
of slavery in the Territories, and propose to pro-
vide legislation in relation to that subject, espe-
cially legislation to protect and presei ve it there.
The discussion on this subject, as it was begun
and has gone on in the Senate during the progress
of this session, has taken a very wide range. I
have no fault to find with that; but it seems to
me, after all, that we might bring ourselves a lit-
tle nearer to some practical application of prin-
ciples. When we consider the condition of our
country—I mean of our whole country—the con-
dition of society which exists in it, and the adapta-
tion of our measures to that condition of society,
we may bring ourselves to the practical applica-
tion of some important principles.
Now, what is the state of society here? Take
our nation, for which we legislate, the whole of
which is a proper subject of our consideration, |
the whole of which is to be considered in meas- I
uring out our different degrees of policy, and the i
measures calculated to advance those interests.
No legislation can be valuable, unless upon the
whole it is an advantage to the country for which
it is made, and we must consider the actual con-
dition of that country at the time, in order to see
the practical application of the measures we are
about to pursue.
We have, it seems, Mr. President, two condi-
tions of society existing in this country—that ex-
isting in the slaveholding States and that existing
in the non-slaveholding States, which I, for brev-
ity, shall call, as they are usually called, the free
States. The condition of society in the free States,
which include, in round numbers, about two
thirds of the inhabitants of this country, is based
on this idea, that all men are to be educated;*hat
there is to be universal suffrage; that men are to
be educated with a view to discharge this duty
and privilege of suffrage. When our fathers at
the Edst entered upon this experiment at first in
New England, all the notions which had existed
for ages in other regions of the world, in relation
to landlord and tenant, lord and vassal, patrician
and plebeian, master and slave, were entirely to
be obliterated, and all the notions which had pre-
vailed, too, of primogeniture and of entail, and
everything that was calculated to perpetuate those
distinctions in society, were to be done away with.
In short, they proposed, and the idea they enter-
tained was, to enter upon an experiment of a free
and equal system of republican government; that
every man should own the land he cultivates, and
every man should cultivate the land he owns; that
there should be none to rule and none to serve;
that every man should sarve himself, and then lie
of course would have a faithful servant.
That system is not merely ideal. Itpractically
prevails through the large body of the free States
—not so much in the cities, not so entirely in the
more densely populated regions; but such is the
actual condition of the landholding part of the
people of the free States. I will not spend time
to elaborate this system any more. I do notpro-
pose now, or at any other time in the course of
my remarks, to say anything to commend it par-
ticularly to the acceptance of any one. I simply
wish to state it, and briefly to describe it, and
there rest in relation to that.
The other condition of society existing in the
slaveholding States of this Union I would rather
cite as described by another, than undertake to do
it myself. Mr. Calhoun, in 1837, said:
" Many in tile South once believed that it [slavery] was
a moral and political evil; that folly and delusion are gone.
We see it now in it  true light, and regard it as a most safe
and stable basis for free institutions in the world. The south-
ern States are an aggregate, in fact, of communities, not of
individuals. Every plantation is a little community, with
the master at its head, who concentrates in hin^elf the
united interests of capital and labor, of which he is the
common leprescntative. The smali communities aggre-
gated make the State, in all whose action, labor and capital
are equally represented and perfectly harmonized."
I am not about to make any remarks in rela-
tion to the question of whether this is a desirable
orundesirableoressentialcondition. I simply de-
sire briefly to elaborate a little what Mr. Calhoun
here says of it. From these remarks, two things
are quite obvious. In the first place, it is obvious
that that is an aristocracy. He says that these
communities, of which the master or owner is the
head, aggregated, make the State, and the owner
is the representative of these separate communi-
ties. That meets my idea of nothing more nor less
than an aristocracy. I do not say that this con-
dition of things is censurable. I do not use the
word " aristocracy" in any bad sense. I say it
is simply that. Another thing, which is perhaps
but an ingredient of the first, is, that the mass of
the community—I do not speak now of the slaves
—are, in effect, practically ignored. The masters
representing, as Mr. Calhoun says, these separate
communities, make the State, and, as the rep-
resentatives of the labor and property of which
they are masters and owners, they of course guide
the State, and hence, he says, there comes to be no
collision. We all understand that a large majority
of the southern people are not slaveholders, and
they never will be probably. Of course, accord-
ing to his own statement, they are essentially left
out of the account.
These two conditions of society, inasmuch as
they are both in existence in our country, and no
doubt will be during our lives, and probably for
centuries to come, present to us a problem to
solve; and the question is, what is our duty here,
