1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19^3
is an incident to the right the United States Gov-
ernment saves to itself, which lasts only for the
term of years within which the settler is to go for-
ward and complete his title, and which ceascs as
a protection to Inm the moment the Government
of the United States parts with its title. That is
the situation of that provision. I shall say no
more in regard to that, deeming it unnecessary.
But in regard to the amendment which is pro-
posed by the Senator from Iowa, I beg to suggest
to him a very few considerations.The bill now
before us iss one of compromise and concession
upon all sides,'the object being to get up, if we
could, a measme which shall be consistent \9ith
the present public land system, which shall be
beneficial rather than derogatory to the interest
of the Treasury of the United States, and which
shall be beneficial to the public service, which
shall come m aid of the present land system.
That system has been brought to a stand-still by
an inherent defect of the system. It is desired to
release it; to untieit; to put it in full march again;
not only without costing the Government any thing
at ail, but actually while it confers many benefits
and also serves to fill the vaults of the Treasury,
of which now we can have no possible'hope.
The Senator from Iowa now proposes to insert
a new class of beneficiaries; and this is not the
first time that proposition has been made and de-
bated here since this last reported bill has been
under consideration. It lias been up before.
Whether it has been voted upon before, I will not
say. It is earnestly insisted that the class shall
be enlarged. As the bill stands now, the only
class of persons that can come in and claim the
benefit of this act at twenty-five cents an acre
must be the heads of families. It is proposed to
enlarge it and take in all single persons of the age
of twenty-one years and upwards, who have no
families, (unless it be the women themselves,)
who are, or ought to be, amply able to take care
of themselves. Unless they be cripples or idiots,
they have no title to your sympathy; and they
have no need for your assistance. All the ordinary
preemption laws are already o'pen to them; there
is no burden upon their shoulders. Lot them go
forward, as they do go, upon the rich lands of the
West, and make their way out. They can live
anywhere, if they are such as they should be;
and if they are not such, they are entitled to none
of your special bounty.
I do not think that the Senator acts wisely in
thrusting in this class here. There is one other
great consideration that should not be forgotten.
If lie succeeds in providing for the class that he
now proposes to put m, (those single men who are
over twenty-one years of age,) he will discover,
on reflection, that he restores to this bill that class
from which three fourths of all the fraud that can
be perpetrated on it must inevitably come. Those
who are the heads of families cannot well play oft'
fraud, when it comes to settling, to moving on a
„ tract, in day time, and moving off at night, or go-
ing there and staying a day or two, and then re-
turning and iea\ ing what other property they have
got. Those who have property cannot do this.
Tiiey are not to be transferred from place to place
with every wind that blows; but those who have
none at all can avail themselves of this. Those,
who have families are compelled, so far as they
go on to claim the benefits of this act, to do so on
actual settlement. The head of a family cannot
go forward and backward, from place to place, in
a minute. But, if you insert this amendment, he
can, if he is disposed to commit fraud, use those
about him that are twenty-one years of age, or
whom he can make appear to the legal authorities
to be twenty-one years of age. He has his chil-
dren, his nephews, his relatives, that are young,
and may be living with him. He can make his
settlements and send them out to make others;
and much perjury must necessarily come from it,
and a great amount of fraud. From this quarter
must come three fourths of the fraud which can
be perpetrated under this act. It is on consider-
ations of this kind, and with a view, if possible,
of fixing on a bill wlnch^should be satisfactory
and beneficial, one which could meet with the
judgment and approval of the Senate, that the Sen-
ate committee, after frank conference, wishing to
gne and to take, agreed that they would limit the
class to thosu who, all would say, ought justly to
receive some consideration, some little aid at the
hands of the Government, that those who were
the heads of families should be allowed to pur-
chase a hundred and sixty acres, if they actually
reside upon it five years, at the price of twenty-
five cents an acre, which covers the original cost
of the land.
Now, sir, if the Senator restores the class he
now proposes to insert, he will find reasons just
as good for a dozen other amendments that can
be proposed. I beg those who are sincerely earn-
est and anxious that a bill shall be passed which
may be wise within itself, and which can become
a law, to give up some portion of that which they
ask, and wait till the future for improvements. If
this law is found not to be suffisient, and to need
extension, they can apply, upon the merits of
the proposed extension, and get from Congress
amendments and relief. I do not believe that the
Senator from Iowa is acting wisely for this bill by
proposing to insert the addition. It embraces a
class of about one half. We know there was a
strong opposition to the original bill—an opposi-
tion that almost unanimously embrtfeed this side
of the Chamber. We have a conviction pervading
all of us, that the bill, as it stood, could not, if it
passed both branches of Congress, become a law,
because it would not command two thirds of both
branches. Why ask, and why so unreasonable
as to ask, that everything shall be conceded, in
the face of the fact, that all must lie lost inevitably?
I do not think so. I anrsatisfied that the Senator
is anxious to pass an act such as may benefit the ]
people, and such as may also be a benefit to the
Treasury of the United States. I suppose lie is
earnest and honest in regard to it; but, sir, the
principle of exaction, if throflfti in here, must
defeat all his anxiety for it; and I do not well
appreciefte the f#;t that he seems not distinctly to
see that such must be the result.
I am here to maintain this bill, because I be-
lieve we can pass it, and because having passed it
through both branches, I believe the Executive
will give to it his signature; but I do not feel
otherwise than that we are treading on the line,
and that if we cross it we are liable to lose every-
thing. The Senator wants to aid bachelors. It
is unnecessary for me to allude to a remark which
fell from the hps of a brother Senator near me—
that they do not need our sympathies; it is im-
possible that they should. In some States it has
been said that bachelors are no better than dogs;
they do not discharge their duties towards so-
ciety; and many propositions have been submit-
ted to enact laws by which they shall be taxed
separately, and be made to pay particularly and
specially. I am not disposed to proscribe them
entirely, but, tit the same time, I am not willing
tljat ihey shall come into this bill in consideration
of the train of fraud that must follow.
Now, as to introducing persons of all classes,
(for the Senator's amendment, I believe, embraces
females as well as males,) it is a provision that
must bring more fraud, from which the females
can get no benefit in comparison to the fraud
that must be produced. I doubt whether there
will be any fair proportion that will ever get a
piece of land by virtue of the amendment. They
are not able to go out by themselves; they are
not heads of families. Young women over the
ago of twenty-one, are to be brought in the wil-
derness, make a settlement, build a house, and
live in it by themselves, and unmarried. Why,
sir, I hope the Senator does not wish to encourage
that state of things, even if there are those who
will accept it. But few would accept it. But
there are those having influences over the minds
of such, who would make them parties to fraud
and even to perjury. The inducement should not
be offered, and I trust that, as far as they are con-
cerned, tliey may be spared, not so much from
the temptation—that 1 do not believe would af-
fect them—as from the natural influences, and
from the improper influences, which would place
them in that situation. I hope very much the
Senator will not press the amendment; and if he
does press it, I trust the Senate will vote it down
entirely.
Mr. WIGFALL. I propose very briefly to
address the Senate, for I think about the fortieth
time, on this important question, that has a great
deal involved in it, as we are informed by the Sen-
ator from Tennessee. The great principle hasheen
almost entirely extracted from the proposition, and
yet it comes up still in such a questionable shape,
that I am inclined to speak to it. The bill, as.re-
ported from the Senate committee, I am willing,
as a compromise measure, to vote for, but I do it.
under protest. I have never in my life done any-
thing more reluctantly, and when I have done it,
if it shall pass, I am afraid that it will pass for
the wrong reason.
The original proposition, as introduced, and
that has been denounced by my friend from Mis-
souri, was so obnoxious to everybody on this
side, that I thought we could have fought that off
and killed it. Unfortunately,a substitute,thatis
not quite so objectionable, has been brought in,
and I fear that that will be passed; but between
the tw"o I shall certainly take the least obnoxious. *
I have fought this question on all the grounds
upon which it is presented, and I choose now to
state very briefly, or rather to recapitulate my
reasons for opposing it. The whole of it was
predicated upon a false reason. In the first place,
this Federal Government of ours was appealed to
as a sort of eleemosynary establishment that was
to take care of the indigent. That was all wrong.
I hold in my hand the Federalist, I do not like
to call it a book. It has no great authority withv
me. It consists of newspaper articles anony-
mously published about the time that the effort
was made to have the present Constitution ratified
by the States, very cleverly written, I admit, by
gentlemen of undoubted patriotism and great abil-
ities. It is valuable simply as a means of ascer-
taining what was the general impression as to the
form of government that was about to be inaugu-
rated. For that purpose it is authority, and for
no other. In reference to the Federal Govern-
ment and its powers and purposes, in, the forty-
fifth number of the Federalist, this language is
used:
" The powers delegated by the proposed Constitution to
the Federal Government, are few and defined. Those which
are to remain to the State government are numerous and
indefinite."
Here is the distinction between the two gov-
ernments; the powers granted to the Federal
Government are few and defined; those reserved
to the States are numerous and indefinite.
£: The former [that is the Federal Government] wilt be
exercised principally on external objects, as war, piwc,
negotiation, and foreign commerce; with which last the
power of taxation will, tor the most part, be connected.
The powers leseived to the several States wilt extend to
alt the objects which, m the ordinary coarse of affairs, con-
cern the lives, liberties, and properties of the people, and
the internal order, improvement, and prosperity of the
State."
Why, sir, that contains the wisdom of past
ages and of the present. It is a commentary on
the Constitution. When that single paragraph
was written,a commentary, such asnever before
was written, such as hasnever since been written,
and such as never can be written, was then writ-
ten. There was the whole purpose of this Gov-
ernment; and yet, here, after we have had the
experience'of seventy or eighty years, Senators
come into the United States Senate, and introduce
all imaginable sorts of propositions for doing
what county courts might properly do. They
come in here and want to make this a great elee-
mosynary establishment. They want to make a
poor-house of it. It is not sufficient that we
should corrupt all the politicians in the country,
by constituting this a great national kitchen; in
which we fry meat, and keep their mouths water-
ing until we have weakened down the stamina of
the country by the loss of saliva, but we corrupt
even the people themselves, by dividing out the
lands, and going into agrananism. The men who
come here to propose these tilings can plead ig-
norance—I do not use the other term, which is
appropriate—but I hope they can plead ignorance
of the form of government under which we are
living, and of the purpose forwhich—no, sir; not
the fathers—but for which these States, these
political communities, these nations that had
achieved their right to self-government, confed-
erated with each other, and established this, their
common agent.
Then, Mr. President, what was the proposition
which I made, and I hoped would be considered
by the committee, and upon which I hoped the
Senate would have an opportunity of acting? It
was that we should cede the lands to the States
in which they lay, that'those States should ad-
minister that fund—and why ? I pretend to no
originality about this matter. It was a great proj-
ect of Calhoun. 1 do not come here and attempt
to pirate upon his brains, upon his, wisdom, upon
