1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
20
Mr. Cushing, as the Attorney General, and re-
turned to Massachusetts and was electcd to the
Legislature fromNewburyport, where he resides.
He belongs to the Democratic party; and one
other man, who, belonging to the same party,
expressed similar views.
" Mr. Attwell, of Lynn, thought it unnecessary for the
House to cxpre&s an opinion upon the deeds of John Brown
in the present state of the public business.
" Mr. Robinson, of Middleborough, opposed the adjourn-
ment. He thought Brown's motives were right. He should
vote to strike out the preamble.
"Mr. Griffin, of Maiden, saw no occasion for any gen-
tleman to get into a white heat about this simple motion.
He said it was not a political question. He did not think
it necessary for the House to adjourn. He was opposed to
striking out the reasons for adjourning. The event of the
day would have no new significance if we adjourn. He
closed by moving that the motion be indefinitely post-
poned."
Then Mr. Spofford made another speech, in
which he denounced the proceedings of Brown
and those who sympathized with him.
"Mr. Wentworth, ot Lowell,congratulated the House
that the Union had so able a protector as the gentleman
from Newburyport. He thought the Union was safe. He
was ready to approve all that was right in the conduct of
Brown, but he did not think it wise to adjourn. He hoped
the House would strike out the reason, and then reject the
motion.
" Mr. Griffin, of Maiden, replied to Mr. Spofford. He
said that it was not here that treason was lurking. The
gentleman's services are wanted in South Carolina. Mr.
G. read from a morning paper the resolution in reference
to a southern confederacy, adopted by the Legislature of
that State. He thought that there might be there agreener
field for his great talents.5'
Speaking sneeringly and tauntingly of the re-
marks of Mr. Spofford:
"Mr. G. had his sentiments upon John Brown and his
deeds, but the Legislature was not the place to express
them. It was true that he was to make a speech this
evening, and if there are any tender-footed Christians on
this subject, they had better stay away from the meeting.
"Mr. Tuckei, of Boston"—
I suppose he is a Democrat, although I am not
advised of his political relations—
"Mr. Tucker, of Boston, condemned Brown's wicked
folly and pitied his rash madness. The gentleman from
Maiden leferred to the peaceable surrender of Anthony
Burns. Was it peaceable? He was restored by the United
States at the mouth of the cannon. The blood of Batchei-
der still stains the walls of the court-house. The articles
in the southern press arc mild compared with the ravings
of the northern papers. Ail the lavmgs have accomplished
nothing except to destroy the peace ot the country. The
gentleman from Lowell speaks of Brown and his seventeen
followers, but knows that Brown would not have at-
tempted his plans unless he was certain of sympathy and
aid from without. He know  that Biovvn was prompted
by the coward Howe and others, lie was not insane, as
he was said to be. There was method in his madness.
He hoped the matter would be indefinitely postponed.
"Mr. Beals, of Weymouth, opposed an adjournment.
He was willing to vote with the House to appropuate this
day's pay to Brown's family.
" Mr. Upton, of Salem, moved the previous question,
and it was oideied.
" The motion for indefinite postponement was ruled out
of order.
"The amendment to adjourn at one o'clock was lost.
" The motion to strikeout the leasonfor adjourning was
carried by a vote of 104 to 31.
" The House lefused to order the yeas and nays on the
motion to adjourn, and it was lo^t by a vote of6 to 141."
Although the House refused by this large ma-
jority to adjourn, it is evident from the debate
which occurred that there was not a Black Re-
publican in that House who was not willing to
adjourn, and not one who expressed any dissent
from, or disapproval of, Brown's conduct; Spof-
ford and Tucker were the only men who took
occasion and were bold enough and honest enough
to denounce Brown and his plans and acts; and
yet the Senator says there is no sympathy in the
State o£ Massachusetts in the Republican ranks
for Brown and his acts. Here are resolutions
brought forward in the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of Massachusetts, and voted down,
not because they do not sympathize with Brown,
but because they think it unnecessary to express
an opinion. Well, sir, they had a meeting in
Boston, as the papers tell me, at Trcmont Temple,
on that Friday night, December 2d, to express
sympathy for Brown and his act, and that large
hall was filled to overflowing, and so much so,
that thousands had to go away because they could
not get into it. Was there no sympathy in that
for Brown ? In the remarks made there by mem-
bers of the Legislature of Massachusetts and
others, by distinguished ministers of the Gospel,
not only was sympathy expressed for Brown and
his acts, but the most denunciatory speeches and
sentiments were uttered against the South, and
the most ribald sentiments were presented there
against the South and her institutions; and all
these were encored and encored, and applauded
to the very sky; and yet it is pretended that there
is no sympathy for Brown and his acts on the
part of the northern people.
Well, sir, let me read from a Boston paper—a
Democratic paper to be sure, but it is a northern
witness. Let me read what it says in relation to
the public sentiment of Massachusetts, and es-
pecially of the town of Boston, the cradle of
American liberty". I read from the Boston Post:
" The men who occupy seats of power in New England j
the controlling public men in the dominant party here"—
I suppose no one will deny that that is the
Republican party—
"are bound hand and foot in the fetters prepared and
riveted by the anti-slavery fanatics. To deny it is to deny
the plainest facts of every day occurrence. With these men
patriotism is dead. If not dead, it sleeps. At this hour, a
majority of the Republican party in Massachusetts do in-
wardly rejoice at the John Brown raid."
I have not a particle of doubt of the truth of
this statement; if they deny, it is a denial merely
in form, but they inwardly sympathize with John
Brown, and everything he has done and said.
" They see nothing but subject for mirth in the spectacle
of alarm presented by the men and women of Virginia!
To-day, a majority of them do not think, or if they think
they dare not say, that John Brown ought to suffer death !
To-day, a majority of the Republican party in New Eng-
land do not intend to give prompt, cheerful, cordial obedi-
ence to all the requirements of the Constitution 1 They
laugh you to scorn, if you ask them if they intend to see to
it that fugitive slaves, in accordancc with constitutional
obligation*, be returned to their masters! They heap vul-
gar ribaldry on the men who say that the South cannot and
will not long submit to the robberies and murders of noi th-
em fanaticism! They babble about the inability of the
South to live without the North.' They rave like idiots
about the numerical superiority of the North, just though
in a right cause, men, proud men, ever waited to coolly
count the cost when their honor was assailed, their lives
and pioporty put in peril 1"
This is the testimony-of a northern witness—
a man of honor—a man of character and stand-
ing, who testifies what ho knows about the polit-
ical sentiment of the dominant party in the State
of Massachusetts:
" We say that the dominant political paity in New Eng-
land utterly fails to see and appreciate all this. They have
covered the statute books all over with laws to nullify the
Constitution and acts of Congress, and now while we write
they concoct new schemes of legislation to annoy, insult,
and degrade southern men ! They let slip no opportunity
for violent misrepresentation and denunciation of the char-
acter and piiuciples of southern men. They exaggerate their
faults and malign their motives. They tolerate no man who
pleads for justice, wisdom, and common sense. Th<yr reject
all counsels of forbearance, good will and conciliation."
The writer goes on to say:
" We well know what, in private talk, those who could
speak worthily for Boston, we mean its intelligent business
men, say to all this. They indignantly deny that either
John A. Andrew, the American Republican leader, or the
clerical politicians in their desecrated lostrums, think their
thought or utter their voice; and claiming still to hold on
to the national sentiments uttered by Webster and Clay,
they profess not only to 4 abhor' the treason of John Brown,
but the treason of the personal liberty bill, of the removal
of Lorine, of the whole of the ultraism of the ultra men
who would let the Union slide. This is what such men are
accustomed to say; and at times they will back up their
say by a full rounded oath against the misguided fanatics
who are rushing on as fair a country as the sun shines upon,
to the daik abyss of civil war.
" But, we appeal to such men, what do these individual
piotests, however earnest, amount to?"
Then the writer goes on to ask what do they
amount to—what good can they effect ? and I ask
the Senators on this floor, who disclaim sympathy
for Brown, what does it all amount to? What
good do you effect—how does it operate on the
public mind when you go to the polls yourselves
and vote for men who utter these sentiments.
Here, to-day, your party is attempting to elect a
man Speaker of the House of Representatives
who, himself, has indorsed the most seditious and
the most treasonable sentiments which have ever
been published in this country? What do all
these disclaimers amount to ? Do they speak the
truth? That is the question. When you say that
you do not sympathize with Brown and his acts,
when you say that you do not intend to interfere
with slavery in the southern States, when you
say that you intend to observe the constitutional
rights of the southern people, you, at the same
time, go to the polls banding together in political
organizations, and elevate to political power the
very men who inculcate these treasonable senti- :
ments. Then, what are all your disclaimers ,
worth? They are not worth the paper on which :
they are printed. Your Legislatures take pro- I
ceedings and show evidently, by their debates yid i
their votes, that they do sympathize with Brown
and his acts; and yet their Representatives on the
floor of Congress say that they do not mean what
they do.
Why, sir, if I could bring forward all the Re-
publican papers which have expressed their sen-
timents on the conduct of Brown, I venture the
assertion that I should be able to pile up a mass
of testimony as high as the skies, to show the
deep-rooted sympathy o'f the northern people in
the fate and conduct of Brown, Why, sir, look
at the organs'—the recognized and admitted organs
of the Republican party* What has the Tribune
said? What has tlie Evening Post said? What
has the Albany Evening Journal, edited by Mr.
Weed, the man who controlsywith Greeley, your
political organization, said? These are the men
to whom you bow as political demigods, and to
whose dictates you are ail the time submitting;
and what have they said upon the subject? I
cannot quote their language, because I have not
got their papers before me, but they have expressed
their sympathy for Brown in language which no
man can misunderstand; and, when the truth is
told, they speak the sentiments of your party;
they speak the sentiments of a majority of the
northern people. I do not pretend to say that
they speak, the sentiments of the whole North, I
am satisfied that there are a large portion of the
northern people who do not sympathize witit the
proceedings of Brown, his objects and intentions;
.who do not sympathize with his fate; who do not
sympathize with him even personally, as the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire has thought proper
to express his sympathies for a malefactor on the
gallows. What portion of the North, however,
are these? They are the true-hearted Democracy;
and when I said yesterday that I was afraid too
many of them were acting in sympathy with the
Republican party, I did not intend to brand the
whole Democratic party of the northern States.
I am satisfied that mere are as true men there as
on the face of the earth; but what is the condition
of the Democratic party at the North to-day ?
Have they any political power? Has not their
strength been frittered away by desertion after
desertion of men going over to the Republican
party, because of the anti-slavery sentiments of
that party, until the Democratic party, in every
free State of this Union, is now in a minority? Js
not that so? When and where have the Demo-
cratic party achieved a victory in any of the free
States? "YV"e have some friends, nominal friends,
at the North, and in the ranks of the Democratic
party; some I admit to be true ones; but, 1 be-
lieve that the greater portion of the northern Dem-
ocratic party, those who belong to that organisa-
tion in the northern States, are to-day as rotten as
the Black Republicans. Sir, what difference is
there between Judge Douglas and those who
agree with him, and the Senator from Massachu-
setts—the very personification, as I understand,
of Republicanism? He understands what I mean
when I say "Republicanism." I do not mean
the old Republicanism of our fathers; I do not
mean the Republicanism of Jefferson and of Mad-
ison and of Jackson.
We have a Democratic party of the No*th;but
how isitcomposed? Some true men, soundmen,
men to whom I give all honor for their firmness;
but how is it in other States, and what is the true
condition of the Democratic party ? Have they
expressed themselves in any public demonstration
in denunciation of Brown and his acts ? Not yet,
that I have seen. Why have they hot risen up
in their might all over the country and expressed
their sympathy for Virginia and the South and
the southern people, for this inroad upon their
sovereign rights? Why has not that been done ?
No, sir; they have been afraid to do it; that is the
fact. They are afraid to express these senti-
ments if they feci them, bccause they know when
they do this they will run counter to the public
feeling of their States, and must die the political
death themselves.
Now, sir, it is needless for gentlemen to say
that the North does not sympathize with the acts
of Brown. They sympathize because they give
to-day the higkest evidence of their sympathy in
bringing forward for one of the most distinguished
offices of this Republic that man who has indorsed
sentiments more diabolical than anything that
Brown has ever expressed. I know that Mr.
John Su'euman, the candidate of the Republican
