1050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
able or general extent, it was, though somewhat
modified in Mississippi and Orleans Territories,
suffered to remain. The fact that it had been
taken there and existed there was deemed an in-
dication of its adaptation and local utility. Where
slavery did not in fact exist to any appreciable
extent, it was by Congress expressly prohibited,
so that in either case the country settled up with-
out any difficulty or doubt as to the character of
its institutions. In no instance was this difficult
or disturbing question left to the people who might
settle in the Territories, to be there an everlasting
bone of contention as long as the territorial gov-
ernment existed. It was regarded as a subject in
which the whole country had an interest, and
therefore improper for local legislation.
To illustrate this, I will not go on with the his-
tory of governmental action from time to time, as
Congress made different territorial governments
in the country northwest of the Ohio. I need not
show how they continued to repeat over and over
again the utter prohibition of slavery; but I will
call attention to the act which has been remarked
upon by the Senator fiom Georgia, in relation to
Mississippi. As to Tennessee, we all know that
North Carolina, in making the cession of the ter-
ritory to the United States, prohibited them from
doing anything tending to the abolition of slavery.
In relation to Mississippi, I do not understand the
action of Congress exactly as the gentleman from
Georgia presents it. The truth is, that the United
States claimed a large part of that country, now
forming Alabama and Mississippi, and Georgia
claimed nearly the whole of it. When the Mis-
sissippi territorial act was passed, in 1798, it was
formed in anticipation of, and it appointed a way
of fixing commissioners for, the settlement of that
dispute with Georgia. The territory was settled,
as far as it was settled, with slaveholders and
slaves. It was expected that Georgia, in making
her cession, would do as North Carolina had done
in relation to Tennessee. That territorial act of
1798 remained unexecuted until 1803. In 1802, the
commissioners of Georgia made settlement with
the United States, and then the United States agreed
to pay Georgia §1,250,000, for which she quit-
claimed all her right, claim, and title, with certain
reservations; and, amongst other-things, she put
in a clause forbidding the extension of the anti-
slavery clause of the ordinance of 1787 over that
territory. They made their grant on that condi tion.
What does that show? The Senator from Geor-
gia says:
"Tn 1798, when Congress legislated in relation to Mis-
sissippi Territory, they did not prohibit slavery."
No, sir, it was already there; actually estab-
lished, and it was expected thst Georgia would in-
sist oil kcepingit there, and she did insist on keep-
ing it there. But that was not all. The United
States then, in that very act, prohibited the impor-
tation of slaves from abroad, though they could not
prohibit it in the rest of the UnitedStates until 1«08.
By what power did Congress do that1 Certainly
they received no power for it from the provision of
the Constitution that " the migration or importa-
tion ofsuch persons as any of the States now exist-
ing shall think proper to admit shall not be prohib-
ited by Congressprior to the year 1808." Thatdid
not give them any power about it except to prohibit
it in all the States after 1808; but they did proceed
to prohibit the introduction of slaves into the Mis-
sissippi Territory in 1798. Why? Simply for the
same reason that they did the rest: they consid-
ered themselves as possessing the power, in fram-
ing territorial governments, to frame them in such
a way, and with such prohibitions and condi-
tions, as they thought would best promote the in-
terests of the nation. They derived the power,
no doubt, at that time, from that clause of the Con-
stitution called the territorial clause, by which they
were empowered to make all needful rules and reg-
ulations for the Territories. None other can be
found. There cannot be found a clause in the
Constitution wluch gave them the power, unless
it was that. I know that it is said, with regard
to Louisiana and other acquisitions obtained by
treaty with foreign nations, inasmuch as they have
power to acquire, they have the necessarily inci-
dental power to govern; but that cannot apply to
Mississippi. It was not acquired by treaty frorii
a foreign nation at al!. They exercised the power
there under the territorial clause. t
Again, when our country made the Louisiana
purchase from France, in the first act forming
the territoiial government of Orleans Territory,
now Louisiana, which was in 1803 or 1804, Con-
gress did not prohibit slavery; because it was
already there, and because it was adapted to the
country, I suppose they thought. They suffered
it, but they did not leave it so. They provided
that no slaves should go in there except in fami-
lies for settlement; and in the next place, they
provided that no slave should be taken in there in
any way that had been imported into the United
States after 1798. Why 1798? In 1798 they
passed that Mississippi act prohibiting the im-
portation of slaves from abroad into Mississippi.
They soon learned that it afforded very little se-
curity to keep out imported slaves from Missis-
sippi, when they could be imported into Georgia
and taken over into Mississippi. Congress, there-
fore, provided, in the act for Orleans Territory,
that no slave should be taken in therein anyway,
in families or in any other way, that had been
imported after 1798. Now, I would ask, did not
the people of South Carolina, or Georgia, or any
otherslaveholdingStato—and agreat many of them
were such at that time—own their slaves which
they had imported from Africa in 1800, and 1801,
and 1802, and 1803, just as they owned any other
slaves they held ? If any of them were property,
were notthose slaves property ? Clearly they were.
Well, then, how did Congress have a right to pro-
hibit their taking them into Louisiana ? They did
exercise the power, and no man doubted it. It re-
mained for fifty years, and no man questioned it.
It is unnecessary, in order to show what was
the power, as theft understood by them, that they
should, on all occasions, have prohibited slavery
entirely. The fact that they did not do that does
not show that they had not the power to do it.
No, Mr. President, apower to regulate is a power
to prohibit. Nothing is more fully settled, for
instance, than that the power to regulate com-
merce is a power to prohibit commerce altogether,
as was fully settled in relation to the embargo.
Congress did regulate this matter in the Territo-
ries precisely as they pleased. If the cotempo-
raneous exposition, if the usages and practices,
under the Government, by those who made it,
and, immediately after its formation, continued
and persisted in, uniform in its operation, can
prove anything—and it seems to me the best
possible proof, when any doubt exists as to the
construction of a paper—then, I say, it is clear
Congress had and exercised the power, both in
the territory they owned at the time the Constitu-
tion was adopted and in that which they acquired
afterwards, either from any of the confederated
States or from a foreign country. They exer-
cised this power of regulating, curtailing, or pro-
hibiting, as they in their judgment believed to be
best for the country.
Such is the lesson of our experience as to how
this matter was originally settled. In the prog-
ress of affairs, and mthus arranging for the Ter-
ritories and settling them peaceably, they brought
up State after State in perfect peace and success
and prosperity until, I believe, fourteen States
had been admitted out of those Territories, one
half slave and one half free; they had grown up,
trnder this patronage and this administration of
the General Government, in the full exorcise of
this power. In the progress of this history a dif-
ficulty was found in relation to the State of Mis-
souri. We had then a large tract of land utterly
unsettled; the settlements in the Louisiana pur-
chase had commenced upon the mouth of the
Mississippi, and gradually proceeded up; but a
large part of the Territory was entirely a wilder-
ness, and Congress found themselves in difficulty
as to the question of slavery and freedom in that .
Territory. What did they do? It occurred to the 1
mind at once, "it cannot be slaveholding and free :
territory at the same time; we cannot have it
both at once." I can hardly conceive of any re-
sult that would more naturally occur to the mind
than to divide it. If two men own a field, and
one wants to sow it with oats and the other with
wheat, and they cannot have oats and wheat to-
gether with any success, I do not know any other j)
way to get along with it peaceably but to divide ,
the field, and then it may be cultivated with mu-
tunl advantage. This is an old lesson: it began
very early—I have had occasion before to calf at-
tention to it, and will again. "And Abraham
said unto Lot, let there be no strife, I pray thee, r
between me and thee, and between my herdmen H
and thy herd men, for we be brethren." "Jfthou
wilt take the left hand, theti I will o-o io the rHit-
or if thou depart to the right hand, then I will
go to the left."
This territory was divided; Missouri was ad-
mitted; the line of 36° 30' was run, and it was
declared that shall be our division. Was there
anything wrong in that? Was there anything
so extravagant and extraordinary in it, that we
should now go to war with our fathers who made
peace among themselves by it? Is not their ex-
ample worthy of imitation? It certainly is by
all those who really desire peace; but if politi-
cians and other men can make themselves capital
out of a constant turmoil and trouble, I suppose
they will never agree to it.
Now, Mr. President, what is the proposition
of the Republican party? Nothing more, nothing
loss than to restore that line. I do not suppose that
those who obliterated it will render any assistance
to again drawing it upon the surface of the earth,
but that is the proposition, and that is all there is
to it; for if we say that slavery shall not go into
the Territories, it amounts to that, for there are no
Territories for slavery to go into, but what are
arranged, as things now are, to any extent, unless
it is north of that liiiQ. If we go no further than
that, we simply say you shall take nothing by
that vote that repealed it. That is all. Exclusion
of slavery from the Territories, and leaving it un-
interfered with in the States where it exists, as
insisted on by the Republican platform, is, in my
estimation, but practically restoring the Missouri
compromise, and I shall so call it in my remarks.
There may be other aspects of the question;
but really when we disembarrass it, strip it of i ts
collaterals and contingencies, and present it in its
practical light, there is all there is of it. Is it
then one of those subjects that call so loudly on
all parts of the country, and especially on the
South, for expressions of execration of us? It
seems to me not. There is not only nothing new
in it,'but there is nothing of the least apparent
injustice in that which has been once fully agreed
to, and I think never should have been disagreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will not interrupt the
Senator from Vermont by a question, if it embar-
rasses him at all in the course of Ins argument;
but I would ask him if he intends referring, in
the course of his remarks, to which I am listen-
ing with great interest, to the fact that the whole
South endeavored, by every possible means—by
remonstrance, entreaty, ana every other possible
means—to got the gentlemen who now compose
the Republican party to agree to just what that
Senator says is what tliey now want?
Mr. COLLAMER. You mean to extend it to
the Pacific ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes; to leave that line, not
only as a sacred line, as established in ]820, but
to extend it to the Pacific; and the proposition
now is to put it back, after you have extended
the free States south of the line.
Mr. COLLAMER. What do you mean by
that ? California ?
Mr. BENJAMIN You took possession of a
Territory south of the line; and after you have
got that, now you say,restore the linejsack again.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the gentleman will be
a little patient, he will find that I shall not blink
that point at all; but I do not understand it as he
does. I have, however, no desire to avoid it. I
expect to call attention to it. 1 said that, in my
opinion, that line should not have been obliterated.
I cannot here but remark, in the first place, as to
the making of it. The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Humter] in the course of this session snoke
of that as being a northern aggression; and he
made a discovery now to me, when he supposed
the North made the line. The truth is the South
made that line. I do not say that no northern
men voted for it. There were a very few, enough,
with the southern votes, to make a majority; but
the great body, the majority, of its supporters were
southern men. They made it. I actually heard
with astonishment the honorable Senator from
Virginia put that down as one of the northern ag-
gressions. That is a new discovery to me. lo
my mind, that is very much like the man of whom
I heard during the Canadian difficulties, who said
he was willing to go over there and Jielp the Ca-
nadians to fight the British any time; and when
asked why, he said, " the British are always
gecking at somebody; at one time they came into
oston and threw all our tea into the harbor, and
we hove not got over that yet." [Laughter.] I
tfhink this is afeout ns new a reading of history as
