19M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
his statesmanship; bu?t it was his proposition; and
with a far-seeing sagacity that has distinguished
but few of the public men of this country, and a
purity of patriotism that, like the snow-flake,
which,ere it falls to the earth,is incapablc of be-
ing stained, but that would melt at the touch of
corruption, he proposed this plan—for what ? He
had two great purposes in view, and 1 ask Sen-
ators to listen now, and see if they will not con-
sider this matter before we rush in where angels
should fear to tread.
The ftrst was tQ break up this immense patron-
age of the Government. Here is your Land Of-
fice, with your hundreds and your thousands of
officers, 'then there are in the new Territories,
and even in the States, two Government forccs
constantly operating. Here is this Government—
no, not the Government itself, because that is an
impersonality; it is not a reality—but the men who
administer it, who are attempting constantly to
make fair weather with vagabondism m the new
States, and in the Territories, by dividing out as
public plunder the public lands. You get rid of
the officers who are appointed, and of all the tempt-
ation of corruption on the part of the public men,
by ceding the lands. If you cede them, and the
States undertake to extinguish the Indian titles, to
survey the lands, and to grant the patents, and
will give us, say, fifty cents an acre on the gross
proceeds, or twenty-live cents, it is better.
Then, in addition to getting nd of this immense
amount of patronage, there is another great pur-
pose to be accomplished by it I said sometime
ago that the system which we had inaugurated
was an anomaly, a political hypallage; and 1 say
it again. The Federal Government owns and
sells lands in the States themselves. The whole
theory of our Government is, that the States are
sovereign, separate, and independent political
communities, as distinct as any European nations
from each other, connected only as far iiif the
Constitution has united them, each State being in
the Union and out of it at the same time; in n as
far as they are united by the terms of the com-
pact, and out of it, entirely separate and distinct,
for all other purposes. rl his is the form of Gov-
ernment under which wc arc living. There is no
one who maintains that this Federal Government
possesses any sovereign powers. The States ex-
ercise some few sovereign nowers through the
Federal Government; but the Federal Govern-
- ment itself possesses none. The Suite govern-
ments exercise all the sovereign powers that are
not exercised by the Slates through the Federal
Government; but all sovereignty resides in the
people of each separate Stale, as distinct, sepa-
rate political communities.
Now, then, Mr. President, is it not strange,
when you consider the condition of a State ad-
mitted into this Union—a sovereign power, a
nationality, a political community; and yet an-
other government—and a mere agency, not even
a sovereign power, having the right to control the
destiny of that country; having the right cither
to exclude slavery from that soveieign State or to
introduce it; to prevent its rapid population, or to
increase it to an indefinite point! For instance:
suppose that we were to pass to-morrow, as to
Minnesota or Mississippi, if ih^y both had now
large amounts of public lands, a bill declaring (and
it is a mere matter of legislative discretion, if we
have the right at all) that no man should be enti-
tled to any land whatever, unless he took tweUe
hundred and eighty acrooi, or that no one should
buy, under any possible contingency, more than
forty acres. With modifications of these two prop-
ositions, it is obvious that you might induce set-
tlement or prevent it. Suppose that we give the
forty acres, or the twelve hundred and eighty
acres, only to married men, or only to slavehold-
ers, or that we give it only to non-slaveholders, or
only to single men; it matters not, it is a mere
subject of legislative discretion, if the *power
exists. It U a power, I say, that this Federal
Government ought not to exercise in the States;
and, as a State-rights man, therefore, I am, in
the first place, m favor of breaking up this im-
mense patronage on the part of the"Federal Gov-
ernment. In the next place, I am in favor of ced-
ing the lands to the States, upon fair compensa-
tion, and leaving to each State to regulate its.own
domestic affairs in its own way; and the remarks
which I make, are made rather with a view of
drawing the attention of Senators to the import-
ant difference between the bill which I introduced
and the one introduced by the committee.
If we are to have what the Senator from Ten-
nessee will insist upon calling a homestead bill, I
would rather have that reported by the committee
than the other; but when we arc doing this thing,
why not do it right? Why take two bites at a
cherry? This idea of ceding the land to the States
was started twenty years ago. Calhoun origin-
ated it. It has taken possession of the public
mind. Yoju will find that we may sell these lands
for twenty-five cents an acre, and the next session
some one will come here with a proposition to give
them away. The sooner we cease to control the
institutions and policy of States in this way, the
better. As a State-rights man; as a man who
loves his country, who loves the Union, and de-
sires no advantage to any section of the Union, I
piefer the substitute I introduced.
I have said as much as I propose saying at this,
time; and, m conclusion, I will ask the Secretary
to read for me an extract from the Constitution
of England, by De Lolme, giving an account of
certain occurrences in Rome, which will probably
explain the votes of some Senators who arc in
favor of the homestead bill, and will probably
vote against the Senate bill..
The Secretary.read, as follows:
" From tli.it tunc great commotions arose in the Republic,
which, like all those beloie them, ended in promoting the.
power of a fete. Piopo ab for easing the people of their
debts; for dividing with some equality amongst the citi-
zens, the lands which wore taken fiom the cneim, and for
lowei insi the late of 1 lie infei est of money, were frequently
made by the tribunes. And indeed ail these were excellent
iemulations to propos#; hut, unfoi tunately loi the people,
the proposals of them were only preten^Co used by the tri-
bunes tor promoting ^heme* of a fata!, though somewhat
remote, tendency to public liberty. TITon real aims were
at the consulship, the pietoiship. the priesthood, and other
offices ot e.\ir>utive power, which they woie intended to
eonttol and not to shaic. To these views they constantly
made the cau^e of tlie people sulwment. 1 frhall relate,
among other mHanccs, the manner in whieh they ptocured
to themselves an admittance to the oflicw of consul.
u Having, dining several yeai<, seized every opportunity
of making f^peeehes io the people on that subject, and even
excited sedition* moidoi tooveieome the opposmon of the
Senate, they at la.st availed themselves of 1 lie cneumstanee
ot an ivtcirepium. (a time dm mg which theie happened to
ho no othei magician & 1.1 the Republic besides them-elve:>.)
and proposed to the tribes, whom thev had assembled, to
enact the thiee following huvs: the lirst, foi settling the
late of interest of money; the second, lor oidannng that no
citizen should be po^es^ed of more than fi\e bundled acies
ol land; and the thud, piovidmg that one of tin1 two con-
suls should he taken from the body of the plebeians. But
on tliis oc easion it evidently appealed, saj* la\y, u Inch of
the law* m agitation were most agreeable to the people, and
which, to tho.ie w ho pioposed them ; foi the tulies accepted
the laws concerning the inteie-.t <>t money and the lands;
but in to that concerning the plebeian c<m*uMiip, they
(ejected if; and both the former articles would from that
moment have been settled, if the tnbunes had notdeckued
th.it the tribes weic; called upon either to accept or jeject
all their tlnee pioposaU at once Gieat commotions ensued
theieupon loi a w hole year; but at last the tribunes, by their
peiseverance in insisting that the tribes should vote on their
three rotations jointly, obtained their ends, and oveicame
both the opposition of the Senate and the reluctance of the
people.—Dc Lolmehs Conshtuticnof England, pp. 2S9,290,
" The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Iowa to the first section of the original bill.
Mr. GREEN. I merely desire to add that, as
the Government docs not tax and raise moneys to
divide out, because it would bo unjust, and becausc
it has no warrant in the Constitution, neither can
it tax and invest that money m property to sell
the properly and divide that out. I want the
country distinctly to understand, if this is to be
merely a means of disposing of the public lands
| to the best advantage, that there is no homestead
• connected with it, and demagogues shall not profit
| by it. If it, be a homestead bill, then it shall be
opposed on constitutional grounds. I want to
know where the man is in the Senate of the United
States representing a State—whether bachelors or
married men, it makes no difference to me—who
will assert the principle that he has aright to tax
the people of the United Slates for money, invest
that money in land, and divide it out per capita to
the people of the United States, or to a limited
clays. Is there a single man in the Senate who
will favor it ? Is theie a single Senator represent-
ing a sovereign Statd who will make that assertion?
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him n question ?
Mr. GREEN. Certainly. -
Mr. GRIMES. I understood the Senator a
little while ago to say that this bill was not an
eleemosynary bill; that he was disposed to vote for
it, not because it was a homestead bill, but bccause
it was not a homestead bill; that he looked upon
it as a mere graduation bill, a bill providing for
the sale of the public lands. Now I desire to ask
that Senator what principle there is, in reason or
justice, why one class of our citizens should not
be permitted to purchase this public land, while
another class of our citizcns arc permitted to pur-
chase itr The Senator has said that he will vote
for this bill, and he votes for it because it lowers the
price of the public lands to twenty-five cents an
acrc. That is the reason why he says he will vote
for i.t, yet he, in effect, says that one class of our
fellow-citizens shall not be permitted to purchase
this land because of their peculiar domestic re-
lations, whilst he says that another class of those
same citizens shall be permitted to do it, because
they are heads of families. Now I wish the Sen-
ator from Missouri to say what principle there is,
in reason or justice, upon which he predicates that
action.
Mr. GREEN. I can answer the Senator very
shortly. Not a word that he has stated is correct;
not a single word. I said that perhaps I might
vote for this bill because it was less objectionable
than the other; but I never said that I would vote
for one class to take the benefits of it, and vote
againstanother class taking the benefits of it. The
question that he propounds is predicated in error
from beginning to end. I said, sir, that 1 would
do justice to the whole Union, and not merely to
a part; that 1 would stand by the constitutional
rights of the whole people, and not of a class; and
if"he construes that to cut out the citizens of
Iowa, then they do not belong to the Union. 1
stand by constitutional right; I will stand nowhere
else. I repeat I never said that a certain class
ought to have this privilege, and that a certain
other class ought not to have it. It is false in
conception; false in utterance. 3 have said that
this Government has no right to tax the people
and buy land, and divide that land, and give it
away to the worthless. I have said, and I repeat,
that the Government has the right to acquire
property, and when that territory has been ac-
quired, it has the right to devise the means of dis-
posing1 of it under the Constitution of the United
States: and justice, fairness, and equality require
that it should be disposed of for the public benefit,
and not for the benefit of a few.
I have said, and I now repeat, that disposing
of the public land for the public benefit requires
it to be sold at such rates as we believe to be pro-
motive of the public interests; but as a homestead,
as a gift, as a sacred patrimony to be hugged up,
to be secured against loss, against taxation, is
contrary to my policy, and to the power of the
Government. \
I also said—which the Senator from Iowa ought
to have recollected, and if he did not, I will repeat
it—that even giving the privilege of five years to
pay, trenched strongly upon the rights of the
States; for if you can tie up the land exempt from -
taxation for five years, you may do it for twenty-
five; you may make it a leasehold for fifty, or for
one hundred; or, in the language of the old com-
mon law, for ninety and nine; and I ask you, if
all the public lands should be disposed of in this
way for ninety and nine years, the fee-simple
remaining in the United States, where would be
the rights of Iowa with her heavy debt, with her
citizens not able now to pay her taxes, driving
them from the North down into my State, to get
homes where they can be freed from such onerous
buidens? "What can they then do? Land ex-
empted from taxation for ninety-nine years 
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Missouri give way to the Senator from
Iowa?
Mr. GREEN. Of course I do.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator has no objec-
tion, I should be happy to have him tell us the
amount of the State debt of Missouri, and also of
Iowa.
Mr. GREEN. I will answer. In the first place,
the debt of Missouri is a very large one, but there
is a large ability to pay it, and every man in the
State of Missouri pays his taxes. I do not know
how much the debt of the State of Towa is, but I
know they do not pay the taxes, [laughter,] and
'I know they are coming now into Missouri to
avoid the trouble of being sold out for taxation.
Mr. WILKINSON. 1 would like to ask the
