2938
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 13,
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I demand
the regular order of, business^
LAND CLAMS IN MISSOURI.
Mr. NOELL. I expect to leave for home about
two o'clock, this afternoon; and I ask the indul-
gence of the House to take from the Speaker's
table a bill to confirm certain land claims in the
State of Missouri, which passed the House a few
days since, and has been returned from the Sen-
ate with a single amendment.
Mr. COBB. Is the hill upon the Speaker's
table ?
Mr. NOELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. COBB. There is an equally meritorious
bill on the table, which has precedence of this.
Unless all the bills can be taken up, I must object.
After the morning hour, we can proceed to the
business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. TOMPKINS. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. My colleague's
family is sick, and he is obliged to leave for home,
and this is a bill in which he is interested. Will
the House have the kindness to take it up?
The SPEAKER. Will the House conscnt?
Mr. TOMPKINS. I object.
Mr. GURLEY. With the consent of the gen-
tlemen who have the special order in charge, I
desire to offer a resolution for the printing of the
Patent Office report.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I object.
NAVAL CONTRACTS.
Tlie SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the resolutions re-
ported from the Committee on the Expenditures
of the Navy Department, on which the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Bocock] is entitled to the floor.
The resolutions are as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy has, with the
sanction of the President, abused his discretionary power
in ihc selection of a coal agent, and tn the purchase of fuel
lor the Government.
Resolved, That the contract made by the Secretary of the
Navv, under date ot September 1858, with W. (-. N.
SwUt, lor the dWvery ol live-oak timbei, was made in
violation of law, and in a mannci unusual, impioper, and
injurious to the public service.
Resolved, That the distribution by the Secretary of the
Navy, of the patronage in the navy-yard among member*
of Congress was destructive of discipline, corrupting in it*
Influence, and highly 2ti)utinus to the public service.
Resolved, That the President and tfeeretar) of the Navy,
by receiving and comuleiing the party relations of bidders
for contracts with the United States, and the effect of
awmding contracts upon pending election*, have set an ex-
ample dangerous to the public safety and deserving the
reproof of this House.
Resolved, That the appointnuyit by the Secretary oi the
Navy of Daniel B. Martin, chief engineer, a* a member of
a board of engineers to teport upon piopo.-als for construct-
ing machinery for the United .States, the said Martin ai the
time being pecuniarily interested in some of said proposals,
is hereby censured by this House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have had no conference
with the gentleman from Virginia, nor with any
other person, upon the subject of the resolutions
which have been postponed until this morning;
but it occurs to me that, in the present condition of
the two Houses of Congress, it would be proper
to postpone the matter until the next session. I
do not known whether the suggestion meets the
approbation of my fritfnd from Virginia; but I
make it, and hope it will be acceded to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular order
of business; and as the gentleman from Virginia
is entitled to the floor, I hope lie will go on with
his remarks.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman from
Virginia yield the floor for me to make the motion
to postpone?
Air. BOCOCK. I will, if this is not to be taken
out of my time when the matter shall again come
before the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is entitled to the floor; and I ask that he
should go on with his remarks or yield the floor
altogether.
Mr. HOUSTON. My motion is in order if
the gentleman from Virginia yHds the floor. If
he will yield the floor for that purpose, I will
move to postpone the further consideration of this
subject until the third day of the next session.
Mr. BOCOCK. I wiil yield the floor for that
purpose.
3VIr. HOUSTON. I now move, then, to post-
pone these resolutions until the third day of the
next session of Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, sir, I move the pre-
vious, question, and I shall insist on it, upon the
resolutions.
Mr. BOCOCK. Will the previous question
operate upon the resolutions themselves, or only
upon the motion to postpone.
The SPEAKER. It will operate upon the mo-
tion to postpone only.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia insists upon yielding the floor and taking
up half an hour upon this motion to postpone, I
take it for granted it must be taken from his time.
Mr. HOUSTON. If there be any disposition
manifested to take the time occupied in disposing
of the motion to postpone out of that allowed to my
friend from Virginia, I will withdraw the motion
to postpone; and ifgeutlemen want to consume the
balance of the last hours of the session with res-
olutions of this description, let them do it. I
withdraw the motion.
Mr. BOCOCK. I hope the time consumed in
these preliminary questions will not be taken out
of the hour to which I am entitled under the rules.
I am averse at all times to ask the attention of
the House of Representatives, and particularly so
at this period of the session, when the time of our
final adjournment is near at hand, and when I
know that gentlemen, in their anxiety to proceed
with the public, business, are reluctant to hear
discussion. But, under the circumstances of this
case, having been a member of the select com-
mittee appointed to examine into this matter, in
the last Congress, and bring the only Democrat
here who was so, and having been for a part of
the time a member of the Committee on Naval
Expenditures, from which these resolutions have
now been reported, 1 feel that I should be derelict
to my duty if I failed to stand up and proclaim
the determined opposition which I entertain to
the passage of these resolutions.
On ordinary occasions, Mr. Speaker, there is
no man in this House more ready than myself to
extend to honorable gentlemen on this floor the
courtesy of allowing them to interpose to pro-
pound interrogatories or make explanations while
1 am addressing the House. But, upon this occa-.
sion, knowing, as I do, that all i desire to say,
and ought to say, cannot be compressed within
the brief space of an hour, I feel constrained to
say to you, and to gentlemen on both sides of this
Chamber, that I must occupy that hour without
interruption. If, in the progress of my remarks,
I should seem to do prrsonalinjustice to any mem-
ber, of couisc I shall make an exception in this
case, if ho shall desire to interrupt me.
I know very well, however, that, under the
rules of the House, I am not permitted to make
personal reflections on members of this body; and
I may, with propriety, say that my desire is quite
as small as my privilege in that respect. I shall
discuss the public conduct of gentlemen upon this
floor with ail that freedom and boldness which,
in my judgment, the occasion demands at my
hands; and if gentlemen should feel called upon
to construe this criticism upon their public course
into personal assault, it is their matter and not
mine.
I come, Mr. Speaker, without further preface,
to the consideration of a question, in my opinion,
one of the gravest and m#st important that was
ever brought before the House of Representatives. !
The pending proposition is nothing more and
nothing less than that this House shall resolve
itself into a high judicial tribunal to try, pass sen-
tence, and exccutc punishment upon the Chief
Executive Magistrate of the country, and upon
one of his principal advisers.
Sir, look at these resolutions reported by the
gentleman from Tennessee, and tell me if I mis-
take their import. They clearly have no refer-
ence whatever to any subject of legislation. They
contemplate no possible procedure for the im- I
peachment before the Senate of these high offi- I
cers. !
Take this first resolution, in reference to the j
coal agency, if you please, and you will see that j
it relates exclusively to the past, and attacks an j
abuse, if abuse it be, which can no longer be prac- |
tieed, because the office of coal agent has been ;
abolished by law. It is not, then, to rebuke and ]
break up an improper practice, that this resolu- j
Uon is leveled. It is simply to pa^s judgment of j
condemnation and inflict punishment upon high '
executive officers, for the past exercise of their I
discretionary power, that this whole movement
is designed;
One of these resolutions declares that a partic-
ular act, alleged to have been committed by the
President and Secretary of the Navy, deserves
" the reproof of this House." Another declares
that a certain act of the Secretary of the Navy,
therein set forth, "is hereby censured by this
House." It is proposed that we inflict reproof
and censure on these executive officers, is not
that punishment? Look to your military and
naval systems,and you will flnd,prommentin the
list of punishments to be inflicted, that of censure.
Sir, under the Constitution of the country, we
have a right expressly given to punish the mem-
bers of this House " for disorderly behavior:"
and the punishment most frequently attempted to
be inflicted for such disorderly behavior is that
of censure.
But, sir, I need not argue before chivalrous and
high-minded and sensitive men that censure de-
liberately and calmly inflicted by a body possess-
ing the power to do so, is a punishment. " The
stigma it inflicts on the offender, his family, and
fame, and the perpetual record on the Journal,
handing down to future generations" the story of
his condemnation, constitutes a heavy punish-
ment; and this we are asked now to inflict.
This proposition involves several questions
which I shall discuss, each very briefly. The
first question involved is that fatsed by my col-
league [Mr. Mills on] a few days ago, whether
it is right and proper in the House of Represent-
atives, claiming to sit in a judicial capacity, to
proceed to judgment and the infliction of punish-
ment upon high executive officers upon ex parte,
testimony, taken by a secret committee of a past
House of Representatives.
It will he remembered how this matter stands.
A select committee was raised during'the last
Congress, upon motion of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] to inquire into alleged
abuses in the Navy Department. Thatcomnnttee
'proceeded to take a large mass of testimony, and
reported it to the House with their conclusions,
in the form of resolutions, declaring, m brief, that
nothing had been discovered in the conduct of the
President and Secretary of the Navy demanding
the interposition of the House of Representatives.
A minority of the committee introduced these
resolutions. That House did not pass upon the
subject. Upon motion of the gentleman from
Ohio, in the earlier part of this session, those mi-
nority resolutions were referred to the standing
Cornmitteeon Expenditures in the Navy Depart-
ment No special power of inquiry was'given
to that committee, and no testimony taken by it.
It recommends the passage of these resolutions
without proof. The presumption is, that they
rely on the testimony taken by I he select com-
mittee of the last Congress; and 1 am now inquir-
ing whether it is right and proper that such action
should be based upon such proof. In deciding
upon private claims for money, we do have ref-
erence to the action of past Congresses, and to
testimony collated by former committees. In
such action, the special personal privileges of no
man are attache 1. But when you comc,asnow,
to invade the dearest and most sacred rights of
freemen, to arraign and inflict punishment and
censure upon high executive officers, I ask if it
is right and proper that such proof should be re-
garded as sufficient? Can we reinstate a judicial
procedure left unfinished by a past House of Rep-
resentatives, and revive testimony taken by its
committee for our judgment ? If you can, where
will this thing terminate, and what end of polit-
ical crimination and recrimination will there be
in this land* If you can go back to the last Con-
gress, why not to the Congress before; and if to
that, then why not to any past Congress? And
if, upon such testimony, you can proceed to pro-
nounce judgment and inflict punishment, then
Washington, Adams, and Jefferson may yet de-
rive additional fame from your unmerited reproof.
You claim not only extraordinary power of
judgment and punishment, but that you can ex-
ercise it without restriction as to proof, and with-
out limitation as to time. This is a startling
claim.
The next question to which I propose to direct
your attention is, whether, upon testimony of any
description whatsoever, the House of Represent-
atives has a right to pronounce judgment and
