1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1995
Senator from Missouri a question, if he will al-
low me.
Mr. GREEN. Any question you please.
Mr, WILKINSON. Docs the State of Mis-
souri pay interest on her bonds?
Mr. GREEN. She does. Arc you answered?
Mr. Senator j 1 answer she does. Arc you satisfied ?
Mr. WILKINSON. I am very glad to hear it.
Mr. GREEN. Have yougotany bonds? Now,
sir, impertinent questions I do not like to answer.
If the Senator is interested, and has any bond,
let him prcstfht it to me, and I will pay it, if the
State does not. [Laughter.]
Mr. WILKINSON. If the. Senator supposes
that I intended to be impertinent, he is mistaken.
I understood that the State of Missouri hereto-
fore was largely in debt; that when the interest
upon l)cr bonds accrued, the State was obliged to
issue new bond?, and sell them, in order to meet
the interest u^on her bonds which were outstand-
ing. I meant no insult to the State of Missouri,
nor to the Senator. I have understood that to be
the fact m regard to the State ofMissouri.
Air. GREEN. Well, did not the State pay her
interest ? Then, he understood the fact to be that
the State did pay it, and yet he propounded that
question ! Now, I am ashamed of such a ques-
tion in the Senate of the United States. Whtm he.
knew that the interest was paid, by the extraordi-
nary exertions of the State, he asks the question:
(( Was it paid ?" I am ashamed of it.
I say more than that, sir. If you pass this bill—
no, not this bill, for I intend to vote forthis as against
the other—but if you pass The original bill, which
ties up the public lands for five years, and which
authorizes a principle which will enable you to
tie them up forever, State rights are destroyed,
the western States cease to grow, Iowa, Illinois,
(so far as she has public land,) Minnesota, Mis-
souri, Kansas, all the new States, will have no
power of taxation, except upon personal prop-
erty, and what would this Federal Government
be, and I ask Senators to contemplate it for one
moment? You do not sell the public land; you
lease it out; you do not part with the fee-simple,
but you permit it to be occupied on condition that
it cannot be taxed. The power of taxation car-
ries with it the power to coerce the payment of
taxes. Is not that so? If you have a right to
tax any specific article of property, you have a
right to force the payment of the taxation levied
upon it, and the mode of forcing the payment of
that tax is by the sale of the property thus ta^d.
Suppose the whole real estate is not taxed; sup-
pose it cannot be sold for taxes: what then is the
condition of these new States? I am speaking in
behalf of the whole West, the great Northwest,
the great Southwest, and the West in the center.
We want citizens to occupy it; to own a fee-
simple title; and if they do not discharge their
duty as citizens and pay their taxes, we can now
coerce it. You want to force on us a system by
which they can live upon it, get the benefit of our
Treasury, be protected by our arm, and contrib-
ute not one single dollar to the payment of our
expenses. Is that right? I tell you, Mr. Presi-
dent, that the people of the United States never
will tolerate a system like that. I am not speak-
ing of the last bill proposed by the Committee on
Public Lands. I am speaking of the original
proposition; for, as I said before, and I now re-
peat, 1 think it probable that I shall vote for the
last proposition: but in voting for that, never let
it be supposed, for it is not true, that I desire to
elevate one class above another, or desire to de-
preps one class below another; that I desire to
make a distinction between one class and another.
I regard all equal;all entitled to then-just merits;
all properly to be protected in the. enjoyment of
their lawful acquisitions; and if this be wrong,
then I know nothing whatever about government.
I have sufficiently explained this proposition.
I leave it for the judgment of the Senate, saying
at the same time that 1 intend to vote for this bill
in preference to the other.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President, I under-
stand the proposition before the Senate to be the
amendment presented by the Senator from Iowa,
[Mr. Grimes,] to extend the benefits of this bill
to unmarried men. The only objection which
I have heard offered to this proposition is that
which was urged several days ago by the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Pugh;] and that objection
was, that frauds might occur by reason ol the fa-
cility which any single man would have to acquire
the title to lands under the provisions of this bill,
of which married men could not avail themselves.
This is the only objection that any man can put
in the way of the proposition. The arguments of
the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Green,] of the
Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. J ohnson,] and of the
Senator from Texas, [Mr. Wigfall,] here to-day,
have nothing at all to do with the merits of this
amendment; and the only objection, I repeat,
which has been, or which can be urged to the prop-
osition, is that which was urged heretofore by the
Senator from Ohio.
At an early period of this debate, I took occa-'
sion to say something in regard to the pending
amendment. A law of this'kind, in order to be
just, should be equal, arid should apply alike to
all classes of the people; and unless there is some
good excuse, some valid reason for restricting
its application to married men, then certainly
it should extend to all men in this country. It
should be a broad bill^reaching in its application
to all the citizens of the United States, and to
those who intend to become such, ^he provis-
ions of the present preemption law extend to all
men over twenty-one years of age, and 1 can see
no valid reason why this bill should be less broad
in its application. It is said, that frauds have
arisen under the preemption law, and that young
men without families have gone on to lands and
preempted them, because they have had a facility
for so doing without complying with the letter and
spirit-of the preemption Jaw. Now, sir, my ex-
perience and my observation are, that the frauds
which have existed under the preemption law
have arisen from another and different source en-
tirely; that they have grown out of the spirit of
land speculation winch has pervaded the whole
country. Taking a strong hold of the public
mind in the new States and Territories, this spirit
of land speculation has debauched the morals of
the people, and led to the most gross violations of*
the preemption laws. If a just and proper home-
stead bill becomes a law, it will have a tendency
to do away with this spirit of land speculation,
and there will be no longer any reason or motive
for committing frauds of this kind. The young
men of the country are those, as I said before, to
whom, of allothers, the benefits of this bill should
extend.
I represent a constituency made up, in a great
measure, of young men, of those who are not
heads of families, but who have emigrated to the
West to build up for themselves a fortune and a
reputation, and who,to accomplish this noble pur-
pose, have cheerfully met and conquered all the
hardships and privations of pioneer life. Other
Senators and Representatives in Congress have
similar constituencies, and must feel, equally with
myself, the justice of the proposed measure.
I must admit that, for my part, I am totally at
a loss to perceive why any Senatoi representing
such a constituency can for a moment hesitate
or falter when a proposition is presented to him
to extend the benefits of this bill to such a wor-
thy class of our people. For my part, I am not i
willing to quietly sit here in the Senate and see j
this class entirely ignored, while another class, I
nothalf so importantm new settlements, is invited j
to partake of all the privileges offered under the i
bill. " - |
Thus it would seem that there is no valid reason :
for saying that tins homestead bill, if it becomes :
a law at all, should not extend to unmarried men. !
I have heard some very singular announce- I
ments made here to-day, some which 1 mus>t ad- i
mit I cannot at ali comprehend. The Senator
from Missouri [Mr. Greek] talks about the Gov-
ernment, on one side, being defrauded to benefit
the people. Why, sir, I know nothing of any
Government in this country, except the Govern-
ment of the people. Who is the Government;
where is it; what is it in this Republic but the
people of the Republic? A homestead bill pro-
poses to declare simply, that the people may of
light take and appropriate to themselves that
which of right belongs to them. That is the whole
gist of the matter; we claim nothing more; we will
admit nothing less. There are certain theorists
here who raise up an imaginary interest against
the people of this country, and call it the Govern-
ment. 1 know nothing about it. The Government
of the United States is the people of the United
States. 1
i The Senator from Texas [Mr. Wigpajll] has
^ made his usual speech about the Constitution and
the constitutional powers of the Government,
which we have all heard several times before; but
I do not know that it possesses any-particular
1 weight, except such as might arise from the fact
I that he has, as he told us some time since, made
. the astonishing discovery that Daniel Webster
j knew less about the Constitution than any other
j man who ever lived in the United States. Pie
| who has the genius to make such a discovery,and
j the boldness to proclaim it here in the Senate,
j ought certainly to be able to lay down the rules of
f constitutional law for the government of the Sen-
i ate. His construction of the Constitution ought
j certainly to be final, so that, hereafter, there may
: be no more doubt or hesitation as to the true mean-
| ing of the fundamental law of this nation, about
! which there has heretofore been such a difference
I of opinion. He who has been wise enough to
I ascertain the fact that Daniel Webster was the
I most ignorant man in the Union, and who has been
modest enough to declare publicly that wonderful
piece of information, ought, beyond any doubt,
to be perfectly sound on all great questions of
constitutional law. I think tliat the argument of
1 the Senator has received the only answer of which
it is susceptible. *
I do not suppose that the friends of this measure
intend to discuss the constitutional power of Con-
gress. I take it for granted that the people of this
country, through their representatives in Con-
gress, have the right to legislate for the benefit
and for the interests of the people. I insist that
this amendment is manifestly just and proper, and
that it ought to be adopted.
Mr GRIMES. I have only a single word to
say, and that m reply to the suggestions made by
the Senator from Arkansas. In response to the
Senator from Missouri I have nothing to say.
The members of this body can judge between us
as to the correctness of the interpretation that I
put on his remarks. I certainly thought that when
ho first addressed the Senate, he stated that he had
concluded to favor this bill as now reported by the
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands, for
the reason that it was not a homestead bill. I
understood him to say that he did not look upon
it as anything else than as a bill calculated to
graduate and to lower the price of the puolic
lands, and in that view of it, as a representative
of a western State, he was disposed to give it his
vote. He denied the correctness of my interpreta-
tion of his language; but I think that before he
closed his last speech, he himself admitted again
that he would vote for this bill as against any
other proposition, and for the reason that I have
previously stated.
The Senator from Arkansas did me no more
than justice when he said that I was honestly in
favor of the passage of this bill. I am disposed
to vote for it, whether this amendment which I
have submitted be adopted or not. I desire that
it may be adopted; but if my opinion shall be
overruled by tiie members of the body, I shall
bow with submission to the decision that may be
made, and shall still accept the provisions of the
bill, because 1 believe that they will be beneficial,
not only to my.particular constituents, but to the
country at large. 1 think the Senator from Ark-
ansas, in his remarks, also admitted that he was
in favor of this measure because he legarded it as
a graduation bill; he looked upon it as a bill cal-
culated to promote the settlement of the western
country, and the settlement of the public domain
as calculated to strengthen the Government in as
far as it developed the resources of the country.
If that be true, I cannot comprehend why any
Senator should propose that this benefit should
be conferred upon one class of citizens to the ex-
clusion of another.
Perhaps I may judge of this subject from in-
terested motives. I am myself a settler upon the
public lands. I went upon the public domain at
the early age of nineteen years, unaided and alone,
and established for myself whatever fortune I
have been able to acquire; and I was not a soli-
tary instance. I know of hundreds and thou-
sands, I might almost say tens of thousands, of
young men who went exactly in, the same capa-
cityand under the same circumstances that I went
on the public domain, to hew out for themselves
a fortune and a reputation if possible. I say that
it is unjust to them for the Congress of the united
