1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2989
inflict punishment upon the Executive of this Gov-
ernment? I believe it to be a fact, (and if so, it is
an important one,) that from the beginning of this
Governmentdownto the present time, such power
has never been exercisea, and no proposition to
that effect ever before this been introduced into
the American House of Representatives. If wc
really possessed such power, is it not strange that
noattempthas been made to exercise it? Is it
not wonderful that, in all the times of high ex-
citement through which we have gone, when the
alien and sedition laws of the elder Adams, when
the embargo and non-intercourse measures of Jef-
ferson's administration, and when the proclama-
tion, forcc bill, and removal of the deposits, by
Jackson, stirred up the greatest party strife and
contention throughout the country—is it not
strange that, even m times such as these, neither
the bitterest partisanship nur the most malignant
personal animosity had the boldness to propose
the exeicise of such a power on the part of the
House of Representatives, if, indeed, such right
was supposed to exist? I mean the power to
render judgment and inflict punishment upon the
chief executive authorities of this country. I ask
gentlemen who claim this power for the House of
Representatives to tell me of one single instance
in which this thingwas done, or attempted to be
done.
I am well aware that on the 28th of March,
1834, the Senate of the United States passed res-
olutions in relation to the removal of the deposits
by Piesident Jackson, one of which was in these
words:
" Ilcsolved, That the President, in the late e>xeeutive pro-
ceedings in relation to the public revenue, has a^umed
upon himself authority 3nd power not confrrred by the
Constitution and laws, but in derogation of both."
You will observe that in this resolution there
is no direct declaration of censure, and no im-
peachment of the motives of the President. It
was simply a declaration that his act was not in
conformity with the Constitution and laws of the
land. General Jackson, however, was in an em*-
inent degree tenacious of his rights and sensitive
to invasions of his honor. He and his friends,
prominent among whom was Colonel Benton,
regarded it as an indirect censure upon him. So
regarding it, he felt it to be both his privilege and
his duty to send to the Senate his solemn protest
against it. All the doctrines of that protest I do
not feel myself called upon to maintain. He dis-
cusses very freely, however, the question of right
nowunderexamination; and I wish to show what
was his position in relation to it. After stating
that the powers and functions of tire different de-
partments of the Government are clearly defined
under the Constitution of the United States, he
says:
<kBut although, for the special purposes which have been
mentioned, theie is*unoccasional intcrmiMUico! the pow-
ers. ot the different department^, yet with g x?«'ption-<,
each ot the three great departments is independent of the
othera in its sphere of action ; and when it deviates nom
that f-phere, is not respon-ibie to the others further t!u\n it
is «'\pre*Hly nvxde ^o i'i the Constitution. In every othei
re-peet. each of them is the coequal of the other two. and
all are the servants of the American people, without powei^
or ri'jht to control or t:en<>ute each other in the service ot
then common superior, **ave only in the manner and to the
degree which that superior has prescribed."
Tii's extract I specially commend to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania before me, [Air. Hick-
man-,] who, I understand, was once not only a
Democrat, but a patent Jackson Democrat at that.
The different departments of the Government
have no right, says General Jackson, " to control
or censure each other in the service of their common
supeiior." Now, sir, such is the authority of
General Jackson. To make his position distinct
and clear, 1 will cite other extiacts from his pro-
test. He does not deny the right of inquiry on
the part of the Senate with a view to the proper
discharge of its legislative or executive functions.
He says:
u Ca>es may occur in the course of its legislative or ex-
ecutive proceeding-', in which it may be indispensable to
the ptoper exercise of its powers that it snou'ri inquire
itiio, and decide upon, the conduct of the Pre.-idcnt and
other public officers; and in every such c.ne. Us constitu-
tional right to do so i* cheerfully conceded. Dut to au-
thorize U.e Senate to fnte.r on siicli a ta*k in it- Ic^^lative
or executive capacity, the mquiiy must actualh grow out
of. and tend to, M ine legislative or executive actionand
the decision, when expie^ed. imi't take the lot mot some
executive or e .ut- Tlie resolution m question
wa* intiodueedrdiscus.-ed, and pa^cd, not as a joint, but
a. a-(.paint" resolution, it a^ert*  <> legislative power,
piupooes no legislative action, and neither possesses the
form nor any of the attributes of a legislative mea&tire."
* * *- * "On the contrary, the whole
phraseology and sense of the resolution seem to he judicial.
It assumes that a single branch of the legislative depart-
ment may, for the purposes of a public cen<ure, and without
any view to legislation or impeachment, take up, consider,
and decide upon the official acts of the Executive."
As thus described, the analogy is complete
between that resolution and those now under con-
sideration, and General Jackson's views in that
case are strictly applicable to this. You will per-
ceive that he (General Jackson) proceeded upon
the ground that this declaration of the Senate was
an impeachment of his motives, and was, in fact,
a censure. This punishment he denies the right
of the legislative department to inflict. Did the
other side admit the censure and maintain the
right? If so, the issue was fairly joined. But I
this they did not do. The southern Opposition i
leaders, at least, did precisely the reverse. They j
denied the censure and, by fair inference, yielded :
the right. Mr. Leigh, of Virginia, a man emi-
nent for his ability and high-soulcd integrity,
says:
" The President hus raised this quarrel with the Senate
without cause or provocation." r " *
''The iitnguagt; wf the rx;>o!iJtion was caisfully f-el^cted,
in order to avoid tb" imputation of ci line, it is not affirmed
that he has usurped uneon-titutional and illegal power,
lor that phrase would have imported de-ogn and wiilful-
i ness; it is not said that lie lia^ willfully assumed, but
j only that he has assumed, namely, taken upon litmsell &uch
! power; it is not said that he has done thi?. m violation, in
| defiance, or in contempt of the Constitution and law-, but
; in derogation fiom them—that 1% that ins measures tended
i to impair them, or to pieventoi weaken then operation.
! There is not a word in the lesohuion tbat implies a crim-
inal intent, nor was it intended to impute one.5'
Thus said Mr. Leigh. To the same purport
spoke Mr. Calhoun, that man who, in intellectual
acumen and power of argument, stood among his
cotempoiaries like Saul among the prophets. In
speaking of the resolution against which Presi- 1
dent Jackson had protested, ho said:
" it wa-j drawn up m the nio«t general term*, and with
great care, with the vitrw to avoid an expression of opinion
as to the motive of the E\ceuuve, and to hunt the expres-
sion simply to the fact th.t*. in the part he bad taken m the
transaction, he hail assumed powers neither cometied by
the Constitution nor the laws, but in derogation ot both."
The issue presented by President Jackson in
relation to the rig ht of the Senate to censure him,
Mr. Calhoun and Mr. Leigh declined to accept.
It may fairly be presumed, therefore, that they did
not disagree with him in that particular. It is
true that they claimed the right of either branch of
the legislative departments to express its opinion
of executive acts, whether constitutional or un-
constitutional; but they did not claim the right to
censure and punish, as is here proposed. Here,
then, were both sides eschewing the right 011 the
part of the Senate of the United States to censure
j and reprove the President.
I I wish, in all this, to be distinctly understood.
'' I am not referring to inquiries looking to legisla-
| tion, or entered upon with a view to impeach
j1 public officers before the Senate. This right 1
1; freely concedc. It is necessarily incident to the
'' proper discharge of admitted constitutional duty.
In ail eases where it looks to impeachment or in-
volves character, the inquiry should he distinct
and definite, and rest upon probable cause. This
the spirit of our institutions requires. But the
power judicially to condemn and punish I most
emphatically deny.
One of the fundamental doetmes of the Consti-
tution, made prominent by its earliest and ablest
expounders, is the independence of the different
departments of the Government, in their respect-
ive spheres—Congress independent of the Presi-
dent, and the President independent of Congress;
each ill the line of its legitimate duty.
Mr. Madison, in the Federalist, speaking on
this subject, says:
"Alter discriminating, therefore, in theory, the several
clashes of power, a? they may 111 then nature be legislative,
executive, or judicial, the ne.xtand most difficult tn*k i.-to
i piovuic some practical seeunty for caeh against the inva-
1 oion of the others.''
! The leading idea here advanced is the necessity
; of independence in these departments.
! Mr. Jefferson, in his letter to George Hay,
dated "June 20, 1807," enunciates the doctrine
still more distinctly. He says:
" The leading punciples of our Constitution is tile inde-
pendence of the Legiilatuie,Executive, and Judiciaiy, o!
each other." The intention 0/
the Constitution, that each branch ^liouiii he independent
oftlie otlieis, is turther manifested by tliemeans it lias fur-
nished to each to protect itself from enterprises of force
attempted 011 them by the others ; and to none has it given
more effectual or diversified means than to the executive."
How different from the doctrine which wc hear
nowadays; yet how clear, how emphatic and how
important to the harmonious operation of oursys-
tem ! If we can ccnsure the President, why is
not the right reciprocal? If we are the law-mak-
ing, he is the law-executing power, if we can say
that he does not satisfactorily execute, why can
not he say that we do not rationally frame laws?
In short, if we pass these resolutions of censure,
why may not he assemble his Cabinet in council
to-morrow morning, and resolve that this House
has proved itself ignorant of its proper sphere of
duties, is regardless of constitutional restraints,
and an unworthy depository of the representative
power. And furthermore, if we can censure the
Executive, why may we notcensure the judiciary
also. A friend suggests that we may soon expect
a resolution of ccnsure upon the Supreme Court
for the Died Scott decision. It would be an ap-
propriate part of the programme, which seems to
have been marked out by the party 011 the other
side of this Chamber. How long before we may
expect it? Let the judges beware of approaching
; danger. And if we have a right to pronounce
; judgmentand sentence 011 the judiciary, why have
not the judiciary a right to pronounce judgment
! and sentence oil us? Instead of having a Govem-
! inent of coordinate branches, cooperating together
| in a system of proper courtesy and respect, we
' would, under this idea, have a Government of dis-
cordant parts, each making war 011 the other,
wrangling and contending among themselves, till
the whole Government would resolve itself into
anarchy and confusion. Is there less dangcrfrom
encroachments of the legislative department than
of the others? Madison thought exactly the con-
trary. In one of his numbers 111 the federalist,
he said:
'' It is against tlie enterprising ambition of this depart-
ment [thelegi-lative] that ttie people ought to indulge all
; their jcalousyand exhaust all their precautions."
What will not the Legislature claim to itself in
this day? A few days ago the gentleman from
| Pennsylvania [Mr. Hickman] made a report to
this House, in which he pronounced that the Pres-
| ident
j " Is left without shield or protection of any kind, except
' sueii as is borne by all. lie can make no plea which isde-
' nied to any othei citizen."
, Now we have before us a proposition that the
j House of Representatives shall censure and re-
prove him, faking these things in connection
i with each other, why may we not expect to see
! these resolutions followed up by a proposition to
1 send the Sergeant-at-Arms to arrest the President
and bring him to the bar of the House, to receive
from you, or perhaps from the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] the censure which you
herein declare that he merits. Whoever is entitled
'i to our censure ought to receiveitat our hands, lfa
1 private citizen, by invading your privileges, eiiti-
| ties himself to your censure, you can arrest him
! and bring him up to receive it. The gentleman
■' from Pennsylvania [Mr. Hickman J says that the
! Piesident has no immunity beyond what is en-
' joyed by tlie humblest citizen. Why not arrest
him ? What constitutional expounders have we
here! Let the people beware of the disorganiz-
ing doctiines now being introduced.
I have said that this power was never practi-
cally claimed before. It has providentially been
reserved for the present House of Representatives
to initiate its exercise. We, Mr. Speaker, are to
\ do it. IFe must resolve ourselves into a judicial
tribunal, and sentence and punish the President.
! We, sir, are the men! Are you aware that, 111 the
i pervcrseness of human nature, there arc some
■ who are ready to intimate that we are not the most
|l orderly, respectful, and intelligent House of Rep-
' resentatives that ever assembled ' It comes to us
in some mysterious way—perhaps borne on the
wings of the wind, perhaps whispered by invis-
' iblcTieings to our dreaming ears—that we do not
1 carry with us that weight and dread majesty of
, authority which enables us to fulminate our cen-
i surcs over a terror-stricken universe. Some, in
: their madness, imagine that many of us have been
thrown by momentary excitement, or other tem-
: porary causes, upon the high places which we
; occupy. But what care we? We wake up and
find ourselves here; we look around on the world
below, and feel exalted by a sense of our great-
