1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ist, tmd that he entertained improper sentiments
when he recommended him, ho at least knew that
he was a thief. He says, according to the papers,
that he would not have recommended the senti-
ments if he had known that the book contained
them. Well, now, is it true that members of the
Republican party are so hostile to anti-slavery,
abolitionism, and incendiarism, that, while they
would not recommend a man who is guilty of
them, they would recommend a common thief?
This is the attitude in which all these signers
stand. I will venture, to say that there is not a
single man who was in the House of Representa-
tives of the last Congress who would not state
that he knew of this charge; and I presume that
they believed it, for I never hoard of its being
contradicted.
Mr. President, it strikes me that there never
was anything more preposterous than the attempt
to escape from the responsibility of this act. Sup-
pose you take the excuse that is offered, to be true.
A gentleman reads a circular recommending a pub-
lication which he understands to be hostile to the
South and to slavery; and without taking the
trouble to examine the book, he is so anxious to
push forward the work that he puts his name to it.
It turns out afterwards that the book recommends
the breaking up of the social system, rebellion,
civil war, and all the evils that follow in their
train, and he does not approve of it. Now, what
are we to think of the anxiety of these gentlemen
to move these incendiary matters, forward upon
us being so great that they recommend them as
good books without even "taking the trouble to
read them?
X shall not, however, take up the time of the
Senate in debating this question; for I have been
very much in hopes that we may take an early
vote on tins resolution. I will say to the Senate
that I wish to discuss some points involved in
this debate, but I prefer not doing so now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I was
strongly in hopes that I should not feci it to be
my duty to say anything on the question now
before the Senate. It would have suited me much
better; and I had hoped that the question would
be taken 011 the original resolution of the honor-
able Senator from Virginia without one word of
debate. I am very certain that there is not a Sen-
ator 011 either side of the. Chamber who would not
readily and cheerfully have given his vote 111 favor
of the resolution offered by the Senator from Vir-
ginia. Sir, I take it that 110 one here objects to
a thorough investigation of this subject. 'No one
elsewhere, I hope, would object to a thorough
investigation of it. There may be individuals in
some parts of the country who may fear its re-
sults; but if there are any such, I know nothing
of them.
1 was glad that the resolution was introduced.
I agree with one of my friends 011 this side of the
Chamber, who said that if it had not been intro-
duced by a Senator from the other side, it .would
probably have been introduced from this; for the
reason applicable to ourselves, if none other, that
imputations had been made throughout the coun-
try, touching every man who belongs to the Re-
publican party of the United States, in relation to
the affair at Harper's Ferry. I was anxious,
therefore, that there should lie a full and ample
and thorough, as well as early investigation of
this matter; confident, as I was, that if such an
investigation was made, it must result in showing
upon how slight a foundation all this pile of cal-
umny has been heaped up.
I -was somewhat at a loss, however, to imagine
exactly what object was desired to be accom-
plished, that would come within the shape of le-
gislation oil the part of the Senate, if it should
undertake this investigation. The Senator from
Virginia will not pretend that this is the place to
investigate, with a view to punish, any crime.
The judicial tribunals of the country have ample
power to do that; and it is their duty to do it.
Senators do not imagine, any of them, that it is
necessary to make this investigation with a view
to protecting the public property of the United
States. The Government of the United States
lias ample power to do that at the present time;
it has the Army and the Navy at its service.
But, sir, I understood the honorable Senator
from Virginia to aver that his desire was to invest-
igate and see who else 111 other parts of the coun-
try, who else among the people of the country,
not actively engaged in this matter, have been
indirectly engaged in it, either by giving money
for the purpose or by counseling or by advising
the measure. I approve of that; I should like to
have it done; I should be glad to see who, having
cognizance of the purpose, has been engaged in
giving money to aid it or in counseling or advis-
ing it. Let that information be laid before the
country, and let such steps be taken as may be
advisable in regard to any such men.
I was gratified at the tone in which the honor-
able Senator from Virginia introduced his resolu-
tion; and I was gratified, though somewhat struck
by the tone with which his colleague followed up
its introduction. But, sir, there, have been some
things which have since occurred that have led
me to doubt very seriously whether in reality
there is not somewhere—I impute it to neither of
those Senators nor to anybody in particular—a
design beyond all this, and which has no refer-
ence or very little reference to the good of the
country, to the punishment or the prevention of
crime, but to obtain a political advantage over
political adversaries.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me one
moment?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. The Senator can certainly pur-
sue what course of remark seems to him best, but
1 wish to say to him that the resolution which I
introduced had never been seen or read by any
Senator except my colleague, and that my pur-
pose to introduce it was not known to any Senator
but my colleague.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no doubt that is
all so, and I expressly said, or intended to say,
that I meant to impute no such motive to either
of the Senators from Virginia, 01* to anybody in
particular; but I said, and I say now, sir, that the
tone of remark which has been indulged in on the
other side of the Chamber with reference to this
matter, has led me to doubt whether there is not
somewhere a desire that this question should be
gone into, not so much with a view to any pro-
tection of the country, or to allay any public ex-
citement, as to increase that excitement and let
the country take care of itself. What occasion
has there been for all this denunciation of the Re-
publican party everywhere, and of every man
connected with it? What occasion has been af-
forded either yesterday or to-day in this Senate
Chamber, by anything thathas been said or moved
here, to justify this wholesale denunciation of so
many men, some of whom have reason to believe
that they ought to be considered lovers of their
country, and men who lespeot and support the
Constitution and the laws of the land ? Sir, I
apprehend none.
My honorable friend from Illinois saw fit to
offer an amendment proposing an inquiry into
another affair, which is, m my judgment, similar
in nearly all its aspects to this. I always speak,
or endeavor to speak, that which I believe; and
I am free to say that I should not have intro-
duced that amendment. Why ? Simply because I
wished to let gentlemen 011 the other side puisue
this inquiiy in their own way, and to just what
extent they pleased, without being embarrassed
or hampered in the slightest degree by anything
else; and, especially, I wished that they should not
have on opportunity of saying that there was a
disposition 011 this side of the Chamber to embar-
rass or hamper them in the course they saw fit to
adopt. My honorable friend thought otherwise;
but he took occasion, in his place, as a Senator,
to say that he had 110 desire or design to embar-
rass the original resolution, but that he thought it j
eminently fit and pioper that two things of a sim- i
ilar character should go together. How has that
been met on the other side of the Chamber? By
denunciation of his motives. Tnstead of taking
him upon his word, gentlemen have seen fit to
impute not only to him, but to all of us on this
side of the Chamber, a design to embarrass this
proceeding, although we have all expressed our J
utmost readiness that it should proceed in any i
manner that gentlemen sec lit, and expressed our '
intention to vote for it.
Well, sir, let us go a little further. 1 think we
have seen some reason to complain. Not satisfied
with that, gentlemen now say that they desire to
find out what the public opinion of the North is;
what the people of the free States design to do in
reference to this matter. So, then, if I am to vsw-
derstand the declarations now made, the intention
of this resolution is to ascertain public opinion at
the North; and if I do not misunderstand the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia lie seemed to thinH
that he would take the fact that certain persons in
the North—a certain number of them or an uncer-
tain number—had furnished some funds towards
this undertaking of Brown, as better proof of the
real feeling of the people of the North than all
that can be said in this Chamber by all the gentle-
men 011 this side of it who represent that people.
I so understood him substantially. Well now,
sir, I should like to ask of "what use is it for us to
say anything? In the first place, gentlemen com-
plain if we say nothing, and declare that silence
gives consent and say that we cannot answer
them. If we do undertake to express our senti-
ments and the sentiments of our people on our
knowledge of them, they say they have 110 confi-
dence in our expressions; that they would rather
take the fact that some unimportant people have
furnished money than anything we can say. Have
we any inducement to say a word here when we
are thus met? And do Senators imagine that the
public opinion of the North is to be ascertained
by reading records, and, as the Senator from Geor-
g«a says, piling up newspapers to show that public
meetings have been held in the North which have
expressed sympathy with John Brown, and that
there was a tolling of bells on the day of his exe-
cution? Let me enter my protest here. Senators
know nothing of the free States if they think they
can find out their public sentiment in any such
way, and they will know still as little of public
sentiment, if they pile up Democratic newspapers
from the free States as high as the top of this Cap-
itol; because it is the business of that class of
newspapers at the present day to misrepresent
their own people. They follow it for a trade, for
what they can make of it.
Then let me say a word to gentlemen, in all
sincerity, as to the proceedings of public meetings.
Many public meetings held ill the free States fur-
nish no indication of what is public sentiment
there. Gentlemen from the South,perhaps, can-
not understand this, but some of them ought to
know it. My distinguished friend, if he will
allow me to call him so, from Virginia, knows
very well, because he knows more about our
people than some others, that the states of soci-
ety are exceedingly different in the free States
and in the slave States. We allow everybody to
hold a public meeting that wants one, and he may
say what he pleases. All kinds of people may
get together, as they choose, provided they can
raise money enough to hire a place of meeting.
They may have any kind of lecturers, may talS
as they like upon such subjects as suit them, to
as many people as they can get together; and
more than all that, the more strange and fan-
tastical the subject is, the more people will be
likely to go and hear them. Why is this so? Be-
cause in the evenings when such meetings are
held, our people have very little else to do. They
are a reading people, they arc a people seek-
ing information; they are also a people seeking
amusement, to some extent, and attending these
meetings is a matter of amusement to them.
These meetings are held like that which was held
in the town of Natick, attended by my honorable
friend from Massachusetts. You may say here
is a public meeting expressing the public senti-
ment, but there may not be a dozen there who
care anything about it, or a great majority may
disapprove of it. We are not in the habit of
interrupting public meetings; we are not in the
habit of interfering with the expression of opin-
ion by anybody; persons may say what they
like. 'The question is, what is the real feeling
and sentiment of the people ?
Gentlemen ask why have we not heard of pub-
lic meetings tendering aid to Virginia in this mat-
ter. Because the people of the free States thought
the tender of aid to Virginia would be a gross in-
sult to Virginia. Think of the idea of holding
meetings in the free States to tender aid of men
and money, on the occasion of a foray made by
some twenty-odd men, the greater number of whom
were killed almost at once, and the rest of whom
were to be hanged in a very short time ! Why,
sir, we can hardly understand what the occasion
of all this alarm was. We thought the result of
this expedition would be to strengthen the State
of Virginia, ■and every other State, against which
