1996
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
States to declare that they shall not be permitted
to enjoy the same benefits on the public domain,
with other men, because their domestic or their
social institutions may be variant.
I predicate my action entirely on principle; I
ask for the young men of the country no more
than I ask for anybody else; but I say that when
a young man reaches the age of maturity he
should have precisely the same privileges that
anybody else has and no more. As I said before,
I repeat, that if it be the sense of the Senate that
this amendment be voted down, I shall acquiesce
in that decision. I am honestly in favor of the
bill, i shall support it. This is the only prop-
osition to amend that I shall make; and I think it
is but fair that this proposition should be adopted.
1 think the Senator from Arkansas ought not to
call upon me to withdraw the amendment, for I
wish to show to those with whom I started in the
career of my life, that I am still standing by them
and by their successors, and undertaking to de-
fend here those rights which I claimed twenty
odd years njjo as one of their number.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I do not urge
the Senator to withdraw his proposition. Of
course it is due to.himself under the circumstances
which ho names, that he should insist, upon a
vote on it. I%viU, however, express a hope th.it
the Senate will adhere to this bill as it stands, and
1 will also express the further hope, that wo may
try and get through with it to-day, and that
amendments which Senators feel have no chance
of passing, may not be brought in here to con-
sume time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The- amend-
ment, as it lias been modified at the suggestion of
the Senator from Indiana, is in section one, line
thiee, after the word "family," to insert, " or
sin le male person over the age of twenty-one
years."
iVJ r. GRIMES called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
jVlr. MASON. I wish to k now, in the order
of business, to which of the bills pending- this
amendment is intended to apply?
Tim PRESIDING OFFICER. It applies to
the hill reported by the committee.
Mr. MASON. The bill last reported by the
Committee on Public Lands?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senate bill
No. 416.
Mr. MASON. Then it would seem to me that
it mi^ht be germane to the bill as it came from (he
House, or the bill reported by the Senator from
Tennessee, when it might not be germane to the
bill icported by the .Senator from Arkansas. The
bill whieh come from the 1 fouse, equally with
the bill reported by the Senator from Tennessee,
proposes to make donations of the public land
to a particular class of citizens of the United
States, to wit: to the heads of families.
Now, if the Government is prepared to make
donations, to give gratuities of the public prop-
erty to the citizens of the United States, that
would seem to carry with it. a right to discrimin-
ate in the objects of its bounty. If the Govern-
ment has a constitutional right to erect itself into
an almoner,and to give the properly of the whole
without consideration, then, it seems to me, that
came.4 with it the power to discriminate as to the
objects of its bounty. But the bill reported by
the Sr nafor from Arkansas does not propose to
give away the public land.*. It proposes, doubt-
less for reasons satisfactory to that Senator, to
reduce the price of the public hinds, but still to
sell them. Now, I cannot perceive, m that point
of view, by what authority the Government can
undertake to sell to one citizen what it will not
sell to another. It might give to one citizen what
it would not give to another, because the right to
give carries with it, in my judgment, the right to
discriminate; but the duty to sell takes away all
right to discriminate; and, if they are to sell, even
at a reduced price, certainly all citizens, married
or single, should be permitted to buy. 1 think,
therefore, that the proposition now offered, requir-
ing that there should be no discrimination when
you sell, is a proper provision applicable to the
bill of the Senator from Arkansas; but applicable
or otherwise, as gentlemen may think, to the bill
of gratuities either from the House or the Sena-
tor from Tennessee, I am disposed, therefore, as
at present advised, to avoid any discrimination
when you sell.
Mr. PUGH. I did not intend to say another
word on this kill, but I must ask the Senate to
vote down the amendment. The whole bill is a
compromise. The amendment disjoints the bill;
breaks up the terms of compromise. After a very
long and tedious discussion in the Senate, these
bills were all recommitted to the Committee on
Public Lands, and the committee have made the
best bill they could. It does not entirely satisfy
me. I have given up two or three propositions,
to which I was sincerely attached, with a view of
having that bill which would command the united
assent of the greatest number of Senators. Now,
if there be any value in the amendment, if the ob-
jection which I have heretofore expressed to this
class of persons aspurchasersbenotwell founded,
it will be in the power of the Senator from Iowa,
at this session, or the nexjt session, or the session
afterwards, byasupplemcntary act, to extend the
provisions of the system. Perseverance in it now
is the destruction of the bill. With my convic-
tions, and on the information which I have de-
rived from the reports of the General Land Office,
whilst I d0«£0t mean to say that there arc not
thousands and tens of thousands of bona fide set-
tlements by unmarried men, I do declare that, in
my judgment, it is the fruitful source of frauds
and perjuries under the present law; and 1 want
to guard this law'ogainst them. Now, I say to
the Senator, that one year's experience may pos-
sibly remove my objection, and that of others,
and then he can have his proposition by a sup-
plementary bill; but to thrust it m here is to de-
stroy this bill. I hope, therefore, the Senate will
vote down the amendment. Let us stand by the
result of the labors of the committee. The same
reasons will induce me to vote against the House
bill and stand by the bill of the committee.
Mr. FITCH. I simply desire to say, before
the vote is taken, that I admitted some time since
the correctness of the amendment of the Senator
from Iowa, and do So now, but the appeal of the
Senator from Ohio I can well appreciate. If the
adoption of this or any other amendment jeopar-
dizes the bill, I shall \ote against them all, al-
though 1 believe the principle of the amendment
to be correct.
The Secretary proceeded with and concluded
the call of the roll upon Mr. Grimes 's amendment.
Mr. JVERSON, 1 perceive that the name
of Mr. Pcarce is recorded in the affirmative. I
didnotsee him in the Chamber. I rise to know
whether that is not a mistake of the Secretary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
informed that the Secretary heard an answer when
the name of the Senator from Maryland was
called.
Mr. PUGII. He has not been in the Hall, I
know, for the last ten or fifteen minutes.
Mr. 1VERS0N, I do not think he was here.
I noticcd at the time his name was called, that he
did not respond.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The name of
the Senator from Maryland will be called again.
The Secretary called Mr. Pkarce, and there
was no rrspon>o.
The PRESl DING OFFICER. The name of
the Senator will be erased from the list of votes
upon this amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 think there are some Sen-
ators in the Chamber who have not voted on the
amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I hope the
result will be announced. Gentlemen can refuse
to vote if they desire to do so.
The result was announced—yeas 27, nays 28,
as follows:
YEAS—Me^rs. Anthony, Bingham, Cameron, Chand-
ler. Clark, Uolhimer, Dnon, Doolittle, Durkce, Fe«senden,
Foot, Foster, Crimes, lial'e, Hamlin. Italian, Hemphill,
King, Rice, Sewaid, t?iiumons, Sumner, Ten Fyck,Trum-
bull, Wade, Wilkinson, ami Wilson—27.
NA YS—.Vlessis.Bayard, Bcniamin, Biglei, Bragg, Bright,
Brown, Chc nut, Clay, Ohngnmn, Davis, Fitch, Fitzpat-
rick, tiiecn, Hammond, Hunter, Iver^on, Johnson of Ar-
kansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Lane, Nichohon. Folk,
Powell, Fugh, Suuisbuiy, Sebastian, Slideli, Toombs,and
Wigtatl—-28. '
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WADE. The question now is, I believe,
on flie substitute offered by me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the j
question now befoiu the Senate. I
Mr. FITCH. I think before the question can
be taken on the substitution of the House bill for
the Senate bill, there must be a vote had on one
or more pending amendments to the House bill.
I offered one amendment upon which there has
been no vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Some amend-
ments wer^ offered to the House bill,and of course
the question must be taken on them before the
question is put on the adoption of that bill as a
substitute for the Senate bill. An amendment was
offered to the House bill by the Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Fitch,] which will be read.
The Secretary read Mr. Fitch'?amendment,
which is to add, as additional sections:
And be it further enactcd, That each of the surviving
commissioned and non-commissioned officers, musicians,
and privates, whether of rcKulais, volunteers, langers, ur
mijitia, including wagon masters and teamster, who weie
regulaily mustered at any nine into the service of the Uni-
ted States, or employed therein, or whose services as such
have been lecognized by the proper authorities of the Uni-
ted States. In any Indian or other disturbances in any State
orTeintoiy; and every officer, commissioned ornon-com-
missioned, seaman and ordinaly seaman, flotilla-man, ma-
rine, cleik, and landsman, ot the Navy, in any of the wars
in which this countiy lias been engaged since 1790, and
each of the survivors of the militia or volunteers, or State
troops of any State oi Territory, called into militaiy scrvice
and mustered therein, shall be entitled to receive a certifi-
cate or wanant from the Depaitmentof the Inteiior, for
forty acres of land : Provided, That the person so having
been mustered into the service of the United States, or of
any State or Tcmtory, as aforesaid, or whose services have
been recognized as aforesaid, shall not receive said land
warrant if it shall appear by tlie muster-rolls of the regi-
ment or corps that he deseited or was dishonorably dis-
charged fiom the seivice.
nd be it further enactcd, That the benefits and provis
ions of the second and thhd sections of the act " in addi-
tion to certain acts gianting bounty land's to certain ofheers
and soldiers who have been engaged in the military service
of the United States/' approved March 3,1853, be, and the
same are hereby, declared to extend to the officers, soklieis,
and others provided for in the preceding section of this act.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I think a mis-
apprehension exists on the part of the Senator
from Indiana, and 1 beg to suggest it to him at
once. He is of the impression that the House
bill is before this body, and that the present bill
which we have been amending, the last bill re-
ported from the Senate committee, is offered as a
substitute for that. That, I assure the Senator,
is not the fact.
Mr. FITCH. The Senator is mistaken as to
my apprehension of the case. The case is simply
this, as I understand it: the bill before us is the
Senate bill reported by the committee; but the
immediate question pending is the substitution of
th^House bill for the Senate bill. Before the
House bill is adopted as a substitute, I propose to
amend it, as after it is adopted it will not be open
to amendment.
Mr. WADE. I hope this amendment will not
be adopted. It proposes to grant lands to the sol-
diers of the wars who served less than fourteen
days generally, and this is no place for it. I hope
all the friends of the bill will vote against that.
Those in favor of the homestead policy, of course,
will not graft this incumbrance on the bill. That
is all I wish to say about it. I simply ask for the
yeas and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I do not in-
tend to consume the time of the Senate, but I rise
simply to make an appeal to the Senator from
Ohio. We have already had a test vote in the
Senate as to the main provision of the House
bill, extending its benefits to single persons over
twenty-one years of age. I feel sure that the Sen-
ator from Indiana will withdraw his proposition
if the Senator from Ohio will withdraw his, and
let the Senate have a direct vote on the bill, which
we behove can be passed. I make an appeal to
him to withdraw the amendment. His constitu-
ents know how he stands on this subject, and so
do his friends on the other side of the House.
This bill has been reported by the Senate com-
mittee as a compromise measure, as has been cor-
rectly stated by the chairman, and I appeal to the
Senator Irom Ohio now to withdraw his propo-
sition. There are some points that I would like
to insert in the bill myself, but 1 shall not press
them. If he withdraws his amendment, I think
the Senator from Indiana will withdraw his, and
then we can have a vote upon the bill under con-
sideration.
Mr. WADE. I can hardly concede that, inas-
much as I think the House bill is infinitely a
better proposition than the Senate bill. I do not
wish to detain the Senate now by giving my rea-
