THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 7.
any such expedition might be directed. The men
who composed the expedition were conquered;
the largest portion of them were killed on the spot;
the rest were in the hands of the State authorities;
the slaves did not rise; they had proved, as the
Senator from Virginia says, their loyalty; there
was no danger anywhere, no reasonable ground
for apprehension, that we could see, from any
quarter; but instead of its strengthening the hands
of the South, in showing them how strongly they
stood, it seems that they are wondering that ten-
ders of aid are not made from all parts of the coun-
try, and expressions of sympathy 
Mr. IVERSON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Docs the Senator
from Maine give way to the Senator from Geor-
glMr. PESSENDEN. Certainly. I will not
apply to the Senator the rule which he applied to
others.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator misunderstood
me, if he refers to anything that I said. I did not
have any reference to a want of tender of aid.
No, sir; I said that no parties at the North had
given any public demonstration of sympathy for
Virginia and the South, and that there was no
expression of sympathy that I had seen or heard,
excepting in some Democratic journals, and ofie
or two of the Black Republican journals, such as
the one that is controlled and edited, as I under-
stand, by a distinguished Senator on this floor.
Virginia would have considered it an insult to
have aid tendered to her. She was able to take
care of herself.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I believe there have been
com'plaints made in some of the papers that the
great States of Pennsylvania and Ohio never ten-
dered any aid to Virginia in this matter; but let
us take the ground that the Senator assumes for
himself, and that is the mere question of the ten-
der of sympathy. "Why, sir, what did the gen-
tleman want? Public meetings saying that we
sympathized with the people of Virginia? For
what?
Mr. IVERSON. I would want an expression of
sympathy condemning the language of your own
leadmgjournals, the Albany Evening Journal, the
Evening Post, the New York Tribune, and the
Boston Atlas, and such papers which speak the
sentiments of the Republican party in the north-
ern States. That is what T would like to see.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There we have it again,
Mr.President. The Senator did not see it, and it
would have been very ridiculous, in my judg-
ment, if it had been done. However, it is not for
me to judge; but, at any rate, it is a very harsh
.rule to apply to a people that they are wanting in
proper feeling, because, in the case of a foray made
into a great State by a few men—-something over
twenty; when very nearly all of them had been
killed, and the rest were under arrest and about
to be hanged, they did not hold public meetings
tendering their sympathy to a great State 011 the
fact that it had been attacked in such a way. I
allude to it, sir, to show the disposition which
there is to endeavor to find some point upon which
to hang an attack upon the people of the free
States. In spite of all their disclaimers, in spite
of all ours, in spite of everything that has been
said in our newspapers—and I say here, to-day,
that you cannot find a Republican newspaper
throughout the length and breadth of the free
States that has not openly expressed its entire
disapprobation and abhorrence of this thing—in
spite of all that, gentlemen insist that the public
sentiment at the North favored it. If they sim-
ply complain, and if that is all they mean to say,
that there is a portion of the people of the North
who, m view of the personal qualities exhibited
by Brown underthe circumstances, think less se-
verely of the crime because of the man—not of
the nature of the crime itself, but of its nature as
connected with the man who did it—that is too
trifling a matter for me to argue here. It is a mat-
ter of feeling, perfectly consistent with the utmost
loyalty to the Union everywhere, and perfectly
consistent with the utmost abhorrence of the act
itself. If gentlemen persist in hanging an argu-
ment upon that, all I have to say to them is, that
it only satisfies me still more of the disposition
which we think in the free States we have seen
from the beginning of this matter, to avail itself,
011 the part of some body of men, of the fact, for
the purpose of breaking down a political organi-
zation, rather than for the purpose of aiding at all
in allaying the excitement that has been produced.
Where this disposition exists, and with whom, I
will not undertake to say; but my belief is, and
has been, that it must exist somewhere.
Sir, let me tell gentlemen in all sincerity and in
all kindness, what has been the course of thought
with reference to this matter. I do not speak of
myself. When any gentleman on this floor or
off it asks me if I had any complicity with John
Brown, or any knowledge of John Brown's in-
tentions, I make 110 reply to a question like that.
I am a Senator of the United States, sworn to
support the Constitution of the United States;
and when a man asks me, in my place 01- oat of
it, whether I abet murder and treason and the vio-
lent seizure of the property of the United States
by armed men, resulting m the killing of others
in a neighboring State, I make no reply. I do
not stand here to apologize for any such thing, or
to disclaim any such thing, and I hope none of
my brethren will disclaim any such thing. Sup-
pose I should ask the honorable Senator from
Virginia who sits before me, [Mr. Hunter:]
" Sir, had you any complicity in the attempt on
the part of a portion of the people of the South,
to take slaves from the coast of Africa contrary
to the laws of the United States, by violence im-
port them against the law into this country, and
sell them against the law?" What would be his
reply to me, if he made any > Sir, I should not
dare—I am free to say I should not dare—to in-
sult the honorable Senator from Virginia in that
manner, because I do not dare to insult any man
willfully and knowingly, and I should be doing
so by asking such a question; and yet that is the
kind of query that is indirectly addressed to gen-
tlemen on this side. When gentlemen get up on
the other side of the Chamber and charge this
sort of feeling and this sort of intention upon
everybody here, what inference are we to draw,
except that every one who does it designs delib-
erately to charge complicity with all these crimes
upon every man who belongs to the Republican
party, whatever may be his condition and stand-
ing anywhere' I have 110 reply, therefore, to
such a question.
But let me tell the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Hunter,] that I was somewhat at a
loss to understand him. Does he really want to
know for his own gratification, for his own inform-
ation, what the people of the South are to expect
from the people of the free States in relation to
these matters? Has he any doubt about it;know-
ing as well as he does, as well as he must know,
what the popular sentiment of the free States is,
what men of all parties have said openly; know-
ing as well as he does how we are divided in the
free States into parties and factions, and what
those parties and factions mean? Does he wish
to be informed, when he asks the question so
gravely and soberly, for his own information, oi-
ls it simply because there is doubt among the
people of his own State, and because a feeling is
arising there of doubt on this subject? I take it,
it must be the latter, for I must say that I have
too high an opinion of the intelligence of the
honorable Senator to suppose that he can have
any doubt on the subject? Does he mean me?
Does he mean the Senators on this floor? And
ret, let me tell him, if ho does not mean me, that
represent the public sentiment of my State.
Sir, from the beginning to the end, from the time
this affair happened down to the present day,
although I have conversed with all classes of men,
I have not met the first man of any party, of any
sect, who has not denounced the act of John
Brown and his associates as criminal in the high-
est degree, and who lias not said that in the eye
of the law—leaving out of the question magna-
nimity and all which might address itself to the
minds of the people of the State of Virginia and
the Executive of that State—that, in the eye of the
law, if John Brown was a sane man when he
committed those acts,he deserved death; and that
I will venture to say is the all but universal senti-
ment of the people of the free States of this Union;
and yet gentlemen refuse to hear it. Sir, I have
in my pocket now a newspaper containing an
extract from the recent message of Governor
Wise. How does he speak in relation to this
matter? lie denounces the Republican party as
the author of this thing. After this is all over,
after he has executed the criminal in his hands
with the whole power of the State exerted, after
all that has been said and all that has been dtme,
he, in his message to the Legislature of Virginia,
undertakes to hold the Republican party of the
country responsible, because, he says, if he is
rightly quoted, that it is the feeling of the great
majority of the people of the free States, and they
make a great majority of the people of the free
States.
Now, sir, I have alluded to these things simply
to show that, for one, I am not to be put on the
defensive about this business. I have never with-
held my opinion; it is perfectly well known; but
it is no better known than is that of the men with
whom I am associated throughout the free States.
But if gentlemen will persist in saying that they
have no confidence in us; if they will persist in say-
ing, in the face of all the facts which exhibit them-
selves, that we are responsible; if they will per-
sist in inflaming the minds of those whom they
address—and wo may judge of how far it goes,
by the speech which the honorable Senator from
Georgia lias made here yesterday and to-day—I
will not stand here to defend myself, orto defend
the men with whom I act, from such imputations.
I only tell Senators that they will fail, so far as the
people of the free States are concerned. Those
people know what they believe; they know what
they feel; they know what they think; they know
what public sentiment is; and it is not to be sup-
posed, let mo tell Senators, that they are to be
driven from any determined, constitutional, right-
ful purpose they have, by attempting to heap up
epithets, and misrepresenting all their opinions,
all their acts, everything they do in relation to
this subject.
Sir, the Senator from Virginia who introduced
this resolution, and other Senators who followed
him, say that they wish to ascertain public opinion.
How do they expect to do it? Do they mean to
get evidence that certain persons in the North
contributed money to this expedition? 1 have no
doubt they will find more or less of it, but it is
of a very trifling and insignificant chaiacter. Do
they mean to go farther, and take the statements
of Democratic newspapers, and publish the ac-
counts of public meetings, as evidence of the
public opinion of the people of the free States on
this subject, in the face of all that has been said
in all the newspapers on the other side with re-
gard to it? If they do, then the object is apparent.
It is not, in such a case, the object of this inves-
tigation to calm the excitement which prevails.
If that is the design—and I have no idea that it
is the design of the honorable mover, though I fear
it may degenerate into that, but if that is the course
to be followed, (I will put it in that shape)—it
certainly will not result in calming agitation else-
where, but it will increase it in one quarter of the
country,and it will show the other that there is no
design except to misrepresent tlieir feelings, their
words, and their actions. But if, on the contrary,
as I suppose and hope, this investigation is to be
fair and honest by whoever it is made; conducted
to its issue, and inquiry made to find out who have
been guilty of these acts; to punish them, if you
can punish them; to hold them up to the detesta-
tion of the whole people North and South, in the
free States and the slave States, you have my
hearty cooperation, and the hearty cooperation of
every man on this side of the Chamber; and not
only that, you have the hearty cooperation of the
great mass of the people of the free States, both
Republican and Democratic—men of all the great
leading parties. There are some men who nave
opinions peculiar to themselves; violent men who
express their opinions violently, it is true; but
we are no more responsible for them than we are
responsible for all the mad actions and the mad
ideas of people among you who counsel viola-
tions of law, and you would not like to be held
responsible for them in any shape or form.
Such, I think, you will find the result to be;
and if you give us an opportunity to unite in the
investigation, we shall endeavor to aid you. Even
if you shall endeavor to do it yourselves in your
own way, and to your own extent, I trust that
you will succeed, and that there will be an end to
everything of this description; but I beg Senators
here, and I beg those whom they represent else-
where, to remember that nothing is to be gained
by denunciations of opponents. We are not to
be put upon the defensive. We are. not respons-
ible, and we do not mean to admit our respons-
