1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1053
country. They are but about one third of the
people. There will be left, then, for the other two
thirds of the inhabitable part of our country, one
million one hundred and fifty thousand square
miles. Have they not much the larger part.' Have
they not got the bestpart ? Can gentlemen say now,
that, when we declare they shall be and ought to
be confined to that, we are trying to smoke them
out? It is the other side that is in trouble. The
free people, with their institutions, according to
numbers, are about to be restricted to less than
their proportion of the country, and they are to
be smoked out or starved out.
What, then, should prevent us from doing this
justice? What is there wrong in it? What is
there unprecedented in it ? What is there un-
just in it? Certainly nothing. But still it will
not do, they say, to have a Republican President
chosen; it will be a cause of dissolution. Why?
Because they say some of the free States have
passed unfriendly laws to that provision of the
Constitution aboi t fugitives from labor. Mr.
President, in relation to those laws, I would call
gentlemen's attention to this: it certainly is the
exclusive duty and obligation, as well as privi-
lege, of every State to protect the liberties and
lives and property of its own citizens. I say it
is exclusively their duty within their own terri-
tory.
I not very unfrequently, especially among un-
lettered people, hear it asked, why Congress can-
not abolish slavery? and I cannot but say that I
think at times there have been some mistaken no-
tions, like those suggested by the Senator from
Texas, about this being a consolidated Govern-
ment, and talk of that kind. Take the plainest
case imaginable. Here is a man, if you please,
in a northern «State, confined as a laborer in his
own cellar, chained, for years. The whole power
of the United States Government cannot affect it.
They have no power to grant any relief. Just
so in the southern States; no matter how many
men they hold in bondage,if you call itsuch,itis
a matter exclusively theirs; Congresshas no power
over it. If they, as some of them do, propose to
reduce to bondage a large number of men who
arc free, no matter how we may look on it, it is
utterly beyond the reach of the power of Con-
gress. So, on the other hand, I take it, the right
and duty to protect their own citizens in their lib-
erty and lives is the exclusive duty and privilege
of the States.
It was not true, as was properly suggested by
the honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade]
yesterday, that because the South have a right to
pursue and take their slaves that run away, and
bring them home, therefore every man in a free
State is subject to being taken away. Let us think,
for a few moments, of the decisions on that sub-
ject. In 1842, came the decision of the Prigg case.
That case contained some pretty important things,
new to the country at that time. We may have i
become familiarized with them now; but they j
called for the action of the States. i
The Supreme Courtdecided in that case that the !
owner of a fugitive slave had the right to pursue |
him into a free State, without any process what-
ever, to take that slave, recapture him, and carry
him home. I take it that it is the privilege and
duty of eveiy State to so arrange the manner in
which a man exercises hisjights, that the rights J
and privileges of others may be secure. That is |
a matter of legitimate legislation. We. have, for
instance, in the State in which I live, a considerable
number of free colored citizens. I do not know
their number now—a thousand, perhaps more.
They are just as much entitled to the protection of
the laws as the white men. When this opinion j
was pronounced by the Supreme Court, that a
person could come there and take a man, claim- j
ing him as a fugitive slave, and carry him away
without any process whatever—for the court said
he might do it, if so be that he committed no ille- ,
gal violence—was it not obvious that our colored !
population could be in no way safe, I do not say :
against honest and honorable slaveholders, but 1
against all men who might come to claim them— j
slave dealers? They could not be safe, if there |
was to be no process, if no court was to pass upon ,
it, if nobody was to interfere with it. If he was i
to exercise this right without any limitation, or I
without any arrangement or control, how could i
they be safe? It was very natural, and did hap- j
pen, as the Senator from Georgia says, that m 1
Vermont they began as early as 1844; yes, sir,
two years after thatdecision. When they under-
stood the decision, they did say, " Now, this will
not do. We cannot have our people subjected to !
this sort of arrest. IfHhese men have the power 1
to arrest him; if they arc entitled to a man as a
slave, let there be due process; let there be given
to our people some sort of security." Therefore
they did provide that the taking of a slave with-
out process should be unlawful—illegal. Was
there anything extraordinary in that? 'Can you
see in that nothing but enmity to that provision
of the Constitution? Clearly, not at all.
That case further decided, too, that State magis-
trates might act under the law of 1793, if they
pleased, not otherwise; but if the States forbade
it, they could not. They decided another thing:
that this subjectof the reclaiming of fugitives from
labor was peculiarly and exclusively the business
of the General Government. They decided not
only that the States had no right to interfere with
it, but they said they had no right even to make
a law to carry it into effect. I know that Judge
Taney and Judge Daniels differed as to that; they
dissented on that point; but all the rest of the
court, I believe—unless,perhaps, Judge McLean,
certainly JudgeStoryandamajorityofthe court—
decided that all laws made by the States, tending
to secure fugitives, were utterly null and void.
Therefore the States were, by that decision, re-
leased from all obligations. They were not ex-
pected to doany thingaboutit, friendly or unfriend-
ly. It does not seem to me that there can be any
good ground to complain in relation to the States
not carrying into effect the fugitive slave law, or
that provision of the Constitution, when they
were distinctly and expressly told it was none of
their business; and that all the laws they could
pass about it, or in any way inconsistent with
that provision of the Constitution, were simply
and utterly void.
The legislation which was made on that occa-
sion in my State provided for the security of our
citizens by the act of 1844, of which the Senator
from Georgia complains, though I do not under-
stand from his note one thing. He says that our
act denies to the district court of the United States
power to entertain a habeas corpus. I do not know
but that may be so; but it is out of my mind, and
I think is not the fact. But when our people said
their sheriffsand justicesshouldnotinterfere with
it, and that our people should not be taken with-
out process of law, they further provided that
nothing in that act should be considered as ex-
tending to any person that was acting as a United
States judge or marshal, or anybody acting under
him. It is true that other legislation has since
taken place. When, in 1850, the new fugitive
slave law was made, it is true that that was re-
ceived in that quarter much as the Senator from
Ohio says it was in his State. It was obnoxious,
abhorrent; it was against the feeling of our peo-
ple, and especially that part of it which required
them to become aids and assistants in following
and running after alleged fugitives, under heavy
penalties.
It is said that this act was essentially the act of
1793. We did not view it so; we do not now. By
this act, certain men called commissioners, who
were appointed by the district courts, are clothed
with certain powers. Those commissioners had
existed before that. They existed by law, ap-
pointed by the courts for certain purposes. Those
purposes were to take depositions, to bind over
criminals, take bonds—in short, all the prepara-
tory steps looking to a trial m some court. But
they were mere ministerial officers, with no power
of adjudication, no power of decision. Under
the law of 1793, in relation to fugitives from jus-
tice, all that is done is to return the^man who is
a fugitive from justice to some other State, for the
purpose of taking his trial there. It looks to a
trial. It is a mere preparatory step. But when
i you com0 to this law of 1850, to ail practical piu-
I poses the commissioner is clothed with final
power of adjudication, which is entire!)7 a new
feature.
I know justices might send a man outunuei the
act of 1793, if they pleased to act; but that was
all safe. So far as the courts, the district judges,
or circuit judges, are clothcd with authority, the
acts of 185U and 1793 are alike; but, as respects
the powers with which the commissioners are
clothed, they nre utterly unlike. When an ap-
plication is made to a commissioner, and a man
is brought before him, said to be a fugitive from
labor, he hears and decides the case. He sends
him, if you please, from New England to Texas.
I do not know but that a man might claim an-
other as a fugitive from labor who was an appren-
tice. The very first man, if you please, of the
State of Virginia or Georgia, might find some one
coming and claiming his son as an apprentice,
for service due in California; and the' commis-
sioner must send him there. You will observe,
the commissionerdoes not, in this ease, send back
the man, as he does the fugitive from justice, for
the purpose of taking his trial in some co^irt. He
sends him definitively; it does not look to any
court. It is not a ministerial act, preparatory to
a trial anywhere. It is not a step preparing him
to be tried by anycourt. Itisulumate,definitive,
to all practical purposes. Our people look upon
this as different entirely.
Mr. MASON. The Senator will allow me to
make an inquiry of him. I understood the Senator
to say that there were powers conferred on these
commissioners, by the act of 1850, which had not
been conferred upon the judicial officers men-
tioned in the act cf 1793.
Mr. COLLAMER. I did not say so.
Mr. MASON. Well, 1 understand the Senator
to say that power is conferred on these commis-
sioners to adjudicate. Now I ask the Senator,
power to adjudicate what?
Mr. COLLAMER. Whether the man is a
fugitive from labor or not. -
Mr. MASON. The Constitution of the United
States says that if a person held to labor or ser-
vice in one State shall escape into another, he
shall be delivered up upon the demand of the
claimant.
Mr COLLAMER. To whom the service is
due.
Mr. MASON. Upon the demandof the claim-
ant to whom the service is alleged to be due, or
is due.
The requirement of the Constitution is, that if
a person held to service escapes, he shall be de-
livered up to that person to whom the service is
due.
Mr. SEWARD. On claim.
Mr. MASON. He shall be delivered up, not
to the person to whom the service is due, because
that would lead to that inquiry; but he shall be
delivered up to the claimant. Now, I would sub-
mit to the Senator this: what does the Constitu-
tion submit to the party who is to adjudicate ?
Does it submit anything more than the question,
whether the alleged fugitive was held to service
in the State from which he escaped3 Does it sub-
mit an inquiry whetherlie was rightfully held to
service, or doesitsubmit the single question, was
he held to service, whether rightfully or wrong-
fully, and did he escape ? Having had some-
thing to do with the law of 1850,1 aver thatthat
law submits to the judicial authority that single
inquiry: was he held to service ? without inquir-
ing whether he was rightfully or wrongfully held
—was he held to service, and did he escape ? If
it is found that he was held to service, and did
escape, the Constitution requires that he shall be
delivered up, and the law says so That is the
whole of it.
Mr. COLLAMER. All that does not relieve
the subject at all. The gentleman all the while
seems to presume that no man can be taken up
under that law, unless he is a runaway slave
That is an entire assumption. A man, and espe-
cially a colored man, in New England, who never
was" out of the State of Vermont, might be claimed
as a slave and arrested and brought before a com-
missioner. Those arc the people we are trying to
protect, and those are the people we are bound to
protect, and those are the people whom our law
is meant to protect. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia may state it as formally as he pleases; after
all, has not the commissioner to decide this:
was John Doe, now standing before me, dt facto,
if the gentleman pleases, not dc jure—I do not
make that point, but I am putting it on his own
ground—bound to service, under the laws of Vir-
ginia, to the honorable Senator from Virginia?
Were you, or were you not? that is the question
I do not say that the commissioner is to go into
an inquiry of whether the law that bound him
was good or not. That is not the point I am at;
but when he is claimed to have run away from
