1998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
but yet there will not be enough difference, as it
seems to me, in the operation of the two bills to
justify me in defeating this measure, should I be
unable to secure ail I desire.
The House bill extends to all preemptors now
on the public lands; the Senate bill proposes to
extend the period of settlement and occupancy
previous to purchase, m favor of all preemptors to
two years, I prefer the House bill to the Senate
bill in this particular also.. I am not insensiblcto
the appeal made by the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Wade] in favor of the preemptor now oil the
publiedands, I would grant to him the boon pro-
posed in this bill if I could. But believing this to
be impossible as the Congress and the Executive
Departments are now constituted, what advant-
age would it be to him to deprive all others who
may hereafter desire to settle on the public lauds
of the privileges proposed in this bill ? Besides, the
argument seems to be a little sophistical. You
inquire, why deprive the poor settler who has
claimed, and improved his land prior to the pas-
sage of this bill of its advantages, and confer them
on him who may hereafter commence Ins im-
provement? I respond, you must make a com-
mencing period somewhere. And if you include
preemptors now on the public lands under the
plea of justice, would not the preetnptor who paid
^for his land last year be justifiable in asking Con-
gress to return his money? Why compel the set-
tlers who preempted last year to pay $1 25 per
acre, and allow the settler of this year to purchase
at twenty-five cents ? It will be perceived that a
commencement must be made somewhere; and
the committee agreed to propose that the benefits
of the homestead provisions should apply to settle-
ments, hereafter made, and to extend tlic time to
two years to those now on the public lands.
The House bill also extends the light to settle
on, and hold as a hon#catead, one half of the quan-
tity of th(s lands reserved by the Government in
the railroad grants. The Senate hill excludes <ill
these; and 1 am free to confess that on tins point
I prefer the Senate bill. It seems to me that it
would be an act of injustice to the States to whom
those grants have been made, and to the compa-
nies who have undertaken to construct these rail-
ways, to put down the price of the lauds adjacent
to the linesof the loads from *,2 50 to twenty-fHe
cents an acre, for if you were poetically to put
down the price of your lands to twenty-fi\e cents
an aero, it would ho impossible for the railroad
companies to sell theirs at a greater price.
The Senate hill proposes to grant to the States
all the lands that may remain unsold for thirty-
five yeats after they may have been subject to
sale at private enfi y. I am not in favor of this as
an original proposition; yet I conceive that no
evil will accrue to the States or to the settlers, and
but little damage to the Tieasmy of the Uniud
States, from the passage of the bill with that pro-
vision. The lf\nds must have been m market,
subject to sale at private entry for thirty years
before the price is reduced to twelve and a half
cents an acre. Then tins is a proposition to grant
to the Slates all the lauds that may remuiu unsold,
after having been oilered lor sale at public outcry,
and then have lam subject to sale at private entry
atftl 25 an acre for ten yem;;; then at onedollaran
acie foi live additional yeats; at seventy-live cents
an acre for five years more; at fifty cents an acre
for live additional; at twenty-five cents an acre for
five years further; and then at twelve and a half
cents an acre for five continuous yeais longer;
if then unsold, they are to be granted to the States.
In a majority of cases, these lands would be
worthless, either to the State or to the General
Government; and hence i regard that pioposition
with indifference.
Mr. President, I think I have now stated all the
material differencer-, between the iJouse bill and
the Senate bill. As 1 have understood, then1 aie
enough on the other side of the Chamber who are
willing to vote for the Senate bill now pending,
in conjunction with the friends of a homestead on
this side of the Chamber, to pass it, and. that there
are not enough on that side of the Chamber who
will vote in favor ot the House bill to pass that
measure: but, if the House bill were to pass the
Senate, I have reason to believe it would meet
with disaster at the other end of the avenue.
With these facts staring me in the face, I shall not
vote for any proposition to amend the Senate bill,
npteven the proposition of theSsnator from Ohio
to substitute the House bill for it, although, in
several of its particulars, I prefer the House bill;
because, as I have stated, I am convinced that the
House bill cannot, at this session, Gecome a law,
and probably cannot become a law until the con-
clusion of thepresent Administration. If we shall
have the power hereafter to pass the House bill,
or any proposition more liberal in its character
than the one now pending, that power will not
have been diminished by the passage of this bill.
Mr. GREEN. I merely want to give notice
that I heretofore submitted an amendment to this
bill, which I shall call up when the proper time
comes. The object of that amendment is, first,
-to give all settlers upon the public lands two years
in which to pay, instead of one year,as the pres-
ent law is. On thai point, if the present propo-
sition prevails, I shall not be very particular
whether my amendment succeeds or not. But it
contains another proposition, which I will now
state, that I think very important. At the end
of the time when the party is required to pay for
the land, if the settler occupying it is not able to
pay for one hundred and sixty acres, I propose
to authorize him by law to pay for eighty acres,
or forty acres, or any other legal subdivision, and
let the remainder fall back into the public lands,
subject to sale at the land office. Now, the pre-
emption law authoiizes a man to cover one hun-
dred and sixty acres. That is right enough. But
at the end of his time, if he is not able to pay for
the one hundied and sixty acres, he forfeits the
whole; he is compelled to give it ail up. My prop-
osition is, if he cannot pay for one hundred and
sixty acres, to let him pay for forty or eighty. 1
intend to press that on the vote of the Senate
when the proper time comes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question on the amendment of the
Senator from Indiana to the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio ? ["Yes."] The Secretary
will call the roll.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll, and
Mr. Anthony responded to his name.
Several Sicn-ators. What is the question ?
Mr. POWELL. I ask for tha reading of the
amendment.
Mr. HAMLIN. I object. The yeas and nays
have been called and a Senator has answered. I
obj( et.
Mr. FITCIT. Pei haps the Senator from Maine
will have no objection to my stating to the Sen-
ator from Kentucky what the object of my amend-
ment is, without reading. That will occupy far
less time. The object of this amendment is sim-
ply to extend the benefit of the bounty-land,sys-
tem to those who served less than fourteen days.
Itgives them forty acres of land, and I move* it
to the House bill, because the House bill pro-
poses to giveaway all the land. 1 propose to pay
this small debt before we make this magnificent
donation.
The call of the roll being concluded, the result
was announced—yeas 17, nays 35; as follows:
YRAri—-Mo^-rs. UirIci, Cings, Blight, Clmgman, Davis,
Fitch, Fit/.patuek, (Jrucn, Hunter, lveison, Johnson of
Arkansas, Lane, I'olk, Powell, Saulsbiuy, tflidell, ami
\Vl iall—17.
N'AYS —Messrs. Anthony, ttenjamin, Btnsfhani, Brown,
Cameion, (.'hantlk'i, <Jhesnut, Claik, Collamer, Dixon,
Dooiutle, Douglas, Dtnkec. Fosenden, Foot, Foster,
(ilniiiis, Hale, Hamlm, llailun, Hemphill, Johnson ot*
Tenne^ee, Kin«r, Nicliojhou, Fujrh, Puce, Sewaal, Sim-
mous,Snmnei, Ten E>ek,Toomb>,Trumbull, Wade, Wil-
f<on, and Yulee—Uj.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. GREEN. The Senate have now decided,
by a very emphatic vote, that soldiers in the war
who served less than fourteen days m defense of
their country, shall not have what is proposed to
be given to everybody, under any ciicumstances
and under any contingency 
Mr. WADE. What is the question now, sir?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now befoie the Senate is the amendment offered
by the Senator from Ohio, which is to insert the
House bill as a substitute for the Senate bill.
Mr. GREEN. I understand what is before
the Senate, if the Senator from Ohio does not. I
move to lay the present bill on the table,because
I think we can do no good to the people of the
country if this be the present disposition of the
Senate; and I ask for the yeas and nays on my
motion.
Mr. BIGLER. I suppose the Senator from
Missouri intends only to lay the House bill on
the table. That cannot now be done, because it
is not before us. if it is his purpose to lay the
whole subject on the table, his motion covers it.
Mr. GP^EEN. That is my purpose.
The yeas and nays were ordeicd; and the Scc-
retaiy proceeded to call the roll.'
Mr. FESSENDEN, when his name was called,
said: 1 have voted, I believe, once or twice on
amendments; but it was without reflecting that
perhaps I may be paired with the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Chittenden7.] Hearing his
name called just now, it has occurred to me that
I was paired' with him while I was absent, and I
said to him yesterday, or the day before, that
while he was absent, I would consider myself
paired again. I therefore decline voting on this
question, as I shall do on all other questions in
relation to this bill. If it were possible, I would
withdraw my votes on the other amendments;
but I believe it would not change the result, and
so it is of no consequence.
The call of the roll was concluded, and the
result was announced—yeas 16, nays 40; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Mc^n?. f'rac£. Chc?mu, Clay, Clmgman, Davis,
Fitzpalnck, Clreru, Hammond, Hunter, Ivet&on, Maton,
Powell, Slidell, Toombs, Wigi'all, and Yulee—10.
NAY'S—Mcs-si',. Anthony, Benjamin, Biglci, Bingham,
Bright, Blown, ramriun, Chandlei, Claik, ColJamer,
di\on, Doohttle, DousrUis, Duikee, Fitch, Foot, Foster,
Crimes, Cwin, Hale, liamlm, Ilailan, Hemphill, Johns-on
of Aikausas, Johnson ol Tenness.ee, Kim;, Lane, Latham,
Niehobon, Polk, Pu«h, ltice, Howard, Simmons, Sumner,
Ten Eyek, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—40.
So the Senate refused to lay the bill on the
table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The question recurs on the Amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Wade,] which is to strike out all after the enact-
ing clause of this bill, and insert the substitute
generally known as the House bill.
Mr. CLARK. Before the vote is taken on that,
I desire further to amend the Senate bill.
Mr. WADE and others. Let us take this
vote.
Mr. CLARK. Can the Senate bill be amended
afterwards ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the opinion
of the Chair, it can.
Mr."CLARK. Then I have no objection to
withholding my amendment.
Mr. WADE. The question now is on substi-
tu g the House bill for the Senate bill. ["Yes."]
Mr. 1VERSON. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GREEN. 1 desire to ask one question as
to the order of proceeding. If we adopt this sub-
stitute, will it still be open to amendment? If not,
I want to move my amendment now. If we do
not a&opt the substitute, can I then offer my
amendment to the Senate bill? ["Yes."]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate bill
will still be open to amendment.
Mr.GREEN. But if itshould beadopted, will
it not preclude all amendment?
The PRESIDING-OFF1CER. It will preclude
amendments in Committee of the Whole; but
amendments can be made in the Senate. 4
Mr. GREEN. I can still offer-my amendment
in the Senate ?
Mr. SEWARD. Yes.
Mr. GREEN. I intend to do so, so that if a
man cannot pay for one hundred and sixty acres
of land, he may pay for forty or eighty, and have
a little home, if he cannot have a big one.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio,
which is to insert the House bill as a substitute.
The matter proposed to be inserted is:
That any per&on who is the head ot*a family, oi who has
arrived at the age ol twenty-one j c<u>, and !•> a < itizcn of
the United States, or who shall have filed his intention to
become Mich, as lequired by the naturalization laws of the
United States, shall, ttom and after the patb'tge ot tins act,
bo entitled to entei, tioe < t eo,t, one bundled and sixty
acies> ot unappiopuated public land-., upon winch taid pet-
son may have filed a piecmpiion claim, or winch nn>, at
the time the application i-s mad'1, be subject to pu'emption
at .£•'! lia, or !«'>;, per nei e ; or eighty aci e-. of such unappio-
pnated I.ukK, at #*2 50 pci acre; to'be located in a both, m
con tommy to the'ie^al hubdivi&jon^ ot the public lands, and
alter the ^aine shall have been urveyod.
Sec 2. .2nd he ?£ further enacted, That the poison ap-
plying ioi the benefit of this act feha'i, upon application to
the register of the haul office in winch be or &hc is about
to make such entry, make affidavit before the said register
