1054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
Texas as a fugitive slave, and he is brought be-
fore the commissioner, the question for the com-
missioner is, is this man a fugitive slave ? and if
he decides that he is, he goes to Texas into sla-
very without any trial, unless you call that atrial.
That is not a preparatory step; that is not minis-
terial ; that is not introductory to some other pro-
ceeding; it is definitive, practically final.
Our people dislike this feature of the law. . It
submits to the commissioner the question as to
identity of the man claimed, whether he is a man
bound to service or not. I do not say he is to
decide whether the man was rightfully or wrong-
fully bound to service; but I mean he is to decide
whether he was the man that escaped—the fugi-
tive—and if he is, what then? Are you to take
him back, as you would a fugitive from justice,
for a trial? Not at all. That is the trial, prac-
tically the only trial. Our people look upon that
as a different thing. They did indeed provide
as the gentleman from Georgia charges, and 1 de-
sire to turn attention to that. He complains, in
the appendix to his speech, that
" Vermont pledges the whole power of the State to main-
tain the claim of the slave to freedom."
No such thing. It does provide 
Mr. MASON. If the Senator will allow me to
interrupt him—I will not unless it is agreeable to
him—I wish this thing right as far as the law for
the reclamation of fugitive slaves is concerned;
and I do not see that there should be any differ-
ence between the honorable Senator and myself.
The honorable Senator says now that I reason
upon the law as if it was a law made to reclaim
fugitive slaves, but that I do not reason upon it
as if it might possibly be extended to one who
was not a slave. Now, sir, the Constitution says
nothing about slaves, nor does the law.
Mr. COLLAMER. I used the shortest term.
Mr. MASON. Very well. The law follows
the Constitution. The Constitution says that
" No person held to service or labor in one State, under
the lawrf thereof, escaping into another, shall, in conse-
quence of any law or regulation the;em, be fhtohanjed liom
such service or labor, but shall be delivered up on claim of
the party to whom such sei vice or labor may be due."
The law follows the Constitution. Its provis-
ions are these, very briefly: upon the proofs to
be adduced by the claimant, if it shall appear to
the judicial officer in the State where the fugitive
is arrested, that he was hold to service or labor 111
the State from which he escaped, and that such
service or labor was due to tho claimant, he shall
be delivered up on the faith of the Constitution—
no inquiry whether that service or labor was
rightfully or wrongfully due.
Now, the honorable Senator says that that is
final; that it is not, as in file case of a fugitive from
justice, preliminary only as to the guilt, but it is
iinal. Final, how? Does that honorable Sena-
tor mean to intimate that there is a State of this
Union where African bondage is recognized—and
to one of those States this fugitive slave must be
reconveyed—where the most ample, plenary, sed-
ulous provision js not made to give every negro
who is claimed as a slave the amplest opportunity,
without fee or reward, to have the question tried
there whether he is a slave or not? If that be
true, the proceedings of the commissioner may be
final or not, as the case may be. If the person
is really a slave, when he is surrendered to his
master, it is final. If he is not a slave, let him be
taken wherever the sun shines upon a slave State,
to make a complaint anywhere, in any village, at
any cross-road, or on any highway, to the neigh-
bors, that he is a freeman, and I will tell that hon-
orable Senator, if he does not know it, that there
would not be a voice in that whole community
that would not insist upon his being remitted to
all the privileges and securities which the law
gives him—to a trial which is provided for at the
public expense—to decide whether he be a slave
or not. Those are the facts.
Mr. COLLAMER. I choose to make no issue
with^ gentlemen from the slaveholding States in
relation to the generosity, liberality, or anything
of that kind, of their people. Indeed, I am free
tQ acknowledge that t think they are generally
quite as frank and liberal people as any, and..!
think they are a great deal better than their in-
stitutions. Thoir institutions I regret; the good-
ness of the people I do not. I said that the com-
missioner's decision was final to all practical
purposes, I know Dr. Johnson said, when there
was talk of starving men, and when it was said a
man was free who was' in a starving condition,
" So is the city coffee-house free to furnish aman
with a good dinner, if he has the money.'' I said
this step was not preliminary to any suit. I-say
so now. I can be easily understood in that, if
you desire to understand me When you enter a
regular complaint against a man for a crime, and
you send to another State to bring him, it is to
bring him into court to answer to that offense
charged against him in a proceeding already in-
stituted and pending in a court. Then I say the
order to return such a man, for such a purpose,
is preliminary; but when you come to a fugitive
from labor or service, is the action of the com-
missioner a step preliminary to anything of that
kind? I do not say there could not be a suit
brought afterwards by the man who* is carried
away as a slave to Texas :
Mr. MASON. I will not interrupt the Senator
hereafter. If he will fasten that quarrel upon the
Constitution, I will not defend the Constitution;
but I insist upon the quarrel being fastened upon
the Constitution, and not upon the law.
Mr. 'COLLAMER. .Well, I do not choose to
make that a point. I am not like the man who
when the sermon did not please him, found fault
with the text. I shall not find fault with the text
anyway. [Laughter.] Certain it is, then, that
lam well founded in my distinction, that this is
not a preliminary proceeding. It may be that
that man can bring an action after he is carried
away to Texas. I mention Texas simply because
it is one of our most distant States. He is carried
away to Texas, an entire stranger, and in utter
poverty and destitution. Perhaps he could assert
his rights there, but he would be much like the
man getting liis dinner at the city coffee-house,if
he had any money to buy it. The court being
open does not assist him any. Besides he is not
in a condition to go there. All his witnesses are
in Vermont or Massachusetts where he was born.
The whole of these arguments go on the ground
that gentlemen from the South really suppose,
they have it at all times on their minds, that nobody
else will be arrested but a fugitive. We are not
safe that way, and our people have made some
laws with a view to the security of their citizens
on that account. They were not satisfied with
leaving the question entirely to these commis-
sioners, who, the Senator says, are judicial officers,
but with no judicial powers in them; who are not
subject to impeachment or trial. They were not
satisfied with that condition of things. They did
not like the law; but that was not all.
Another crisis came. Some time afterwards it
was regularly decided by the Supreme Court that
the descendant of an African negro was not en-
titled to any rights which white men were bound
to respect at all. Suppose a man comes after a
fugitive slave, as you choose to call him—perhaps
one of your slave stealers in the southern States
may come North, and steal easier there—he gets
a description of the man, and gets affidavits in due
form, comes into the New England States, or New
York, and seizes a Ulan answering that descrip-
tion; takes him to a commissioner, a stranger,
and adduces his proof. How can we be safe?
How can our people be secure against this; es-
pecially, I say, when it was holdcn, as I have
stated, that he had no rights? Then it comes to
this: if you come and get a fugitive slave, ali very
well; if you get a man that never was a fugitive
slave at all, it is just as well, because he has no
rights that you are bound to respect.
So we saw, from step to step, that there was
no security for our colored population whatever,
except what the State, in its almost utter imbecil-
ity, might give. Now, I can say, that whatever
statutes hai* been passed, so far as my State is
concerned, I believe were passed with no intention
to avoid and break down this provision of the Con-
stitution. They may run counter to it; they may
look, upon their face, as if they were intended to
defeat it; but our people always expect their laws
to be subject to the Constitution. They expect
that their own courts and the Supreme Court of
the United States will set aside as void any law
they make that contravenes any provision of the
Constitution. They expect that, if they do not
put in the words, " subject to the Constitution of
the United States." [Laughter.] I may say
further to gentlemen, that if there be any such
statutes in Vermont as do contravene that provis-
ion, they will be as readily decided to be uncon-
stitutional, I venture to declare, by the supreme
court of that State as they would be by the Su-
preme Court of the United States.
1 know, Mr. President, that our supreme court
is chosen annually by the Legislature, but they
make no distinction amongst parties. The pres-
ent chief justice of that court has been upon that
bench for twenty-three years, always a Demo-
crat; a Democrat to begin with, and is now and
always has been, and I am afraid always will
be, for he recently published a letter in favor of
the whole programme. His sentiments are well
known. We expect our laws to be decided con-
stitutional or unconstitutional by our own courts,
and especially to abide by the decisions of the Su-
preme Court of the United States. We have no
expectation of making any war on them. If it
should happen that any of our laws are really un-
constitutional, I hardly think that it lays the
foundation of -charging men with perjury and
treason, and all the words of vituperation and in-
vective that the English language can furnish,
because we may happen to be mistaken.
Sir, when the State of Georgia passed a law,
that a man who resided in the Indian territory
in that State, by license of the President, and by
consent of the nation, as a missionary for a long
time, should not be allowed to remain there with-
out license from their Governor, and made it
finally a penitentiary offense if he did, they took
a citizen of Vermont and imprisoned him in the
penitentiary The Supreme Court of the Uni-
te^ States decided that that law of theirs was un-
constitutional. The gentleman [Mr. Toombs]
says that, after all, the man did not get that cer-
tified, so that the court of Georgia did not dis-
obey it. True it is, that that man, with the other
gentleman in the same position, was given very
distinctly to understand that he could not get out
of prison in that way, but that if he would cease
his prosecution he might be pardoned; and as the
only hope to get out they did cease, and they
were pardoned. Now, sir, I do not think that
the State of Georgia should have imputed to it
any bad design or improper motives about that.
Mr. WIGFALL. I merely wish to make a
suggestion. The Senator has had the floor for
three hours 
Mr. COLLAMER. Since half past one o'clock
—not quite two hours and a half
Mr. WIGFALL. Three hours.
Mr. COLLAMER. Two hours and a quarter.
Mr. FOSTER and others. Two hours and
eight minutes.
Mr.FOOT. My colleague commenced sit twenty
minutes to two.
Mr. WIGFALL. We shall not dispute about
time. If the Senator would as soon conclude his
speech at another time, 1 would suggest to him (of
course if it be agreeable to be relieved) that he al-
low us to take up a bill in which I feel at least
some interest.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am sorry to disappoint
the Senator; but it is so late in the day, that I
think nothing can be effected with that bill if it
be taken up.
Mr. WIGFALL. I think we can dispose of it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I had better finish what
I have to say.
Mr. WIGFALL. I should not have made the
suggestion, except tWu I understood the Senator
to encourage it.
Mr. COLLAMER. That was some time ago.
It is so late now, that I think I had better go on.
Mr. President, I cannot but here say, that, to
my mind, the fact of a State passing constitu-
tional laws, furnishes no foundation for what gen-
tlemen claim, even if the laws of which they com-
plain were really so. I deny that any State in this
union can lay the foundation for a dissolution of
the Union by passing unconstitutional laws. The
doctrine of the Senator from Georgia is, that if a
State, or several States, pass laws contravening
the Constitution of the United States, and which,
if you please, are injurious to others; in that case
the compact is broken, and the other States are at
liberty to treat it as vacated whenever they please.
I deny that doctrine. I deny, in the first place,
that the States, as several States, entered into this
compact. That, however, is repeated so often
that, upon the whole, I do not know but it is be-
lieved. When a State acts, it acts in its organized
capacity, by its organs, by its Legislature,or'by
