2942
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
time. We all prefer to give appointments and
places to our friends rather than to our enemies.
But it is charged that the Secretary of the Navy-
has distributed this patronage among the mem-
bers of Congress, and this was corrupting, &e.
Now, if appointments arc to be made upon political
grounds, is it wrong to distribute them between
different localities, and among different friends?
Of course, it will always be allowed that this prin-
ciple of distribution shall be subordinate to the
question of qualification. The present Secretary
of the Navy, at the instance of friends, agreed, as
far as practicable, to act on this principle. Was
it improper for %him to do so ? and if improper,
•was it so grossly so as to demand the notice of
Congress? If, in short, appointments ar« to be
made upon political grounds, is there anything
wrong to seek to distribute those offices equally
among the several districts interested? If it be
so, then the gentleman from Ohio himself stands
as thoroughly condemned as any man upon the
floor of tins House. Is there any more wrong in
distributing the appointments of the navy-yard
than in distributing all the offices of the Execu-
tive Departments at Washington ?
Now, Mr. Smith, of Illinois, some years ago,
introduced a bill to divide the whole patronage of
the Executive Departments equally between the
different congressional districts of the Union, and
providing that, in certain cases, members of Con-
gress should be called upon by the heads of Deport-
ments to suggest the names of persons from then-
respective districts for appointment to office. A
motion was made to lay it on the table, and thus
to defeat it. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] on that motion voted m the negative;
yet he stands up here to-day to censure the same
thing in the Secretary of the Navy. He was
willing, as it appears, to divide up the patronage of
these Departments here; and yet he now seeks to
censure Secretary Toucey for dividing the patron-
age of the New York navy-yard as equally as
possible among the contiguous congressiona&lis-
tricts. The division was never perfected. There
was always a great preponderance of men from
districts near. Ho only promised to the gentle-
man from New York, and to others, that he
would equalize the appointments as nearly as the
public interests would allow.
There lire two other resolutions which I wish
to argue, but 1 find I shall have to omit some-
thing. There is, however, one matter which I
think I ought not to omit; and, therefore, I pass
over, for the present, the remaining resolutions,
in order to advert to it.
It is not unusual with members of Congress to
shelter themselves, in such a ease as this, behind
the report of the committee. This they do be-
cause they are unable or unwilling to examine a
laigu volume of testimony for themselves. In this
case, I warn the House that the recommendation
of the committee is not entitled to weight, because
of the peculiar circumstances attending its appoint-
ment. Now, I hope you will bear with me pa-
tiently, for I mean to make i\o reflection upon the
Chair.
At the last session of Congress, the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] moved the appoint-
ment of a select committee to examine into abuses
in the Navy Department. In a Democratic Con-
gress he obtained a committee, three of whom
were Opposition men, and two Democrats. That
committee proceeded to make their examination
in obedience to the resolution. I will not now
proceed to examine the manner in which that
whole proceeding was conducted. It appears
from the journal of the committee, to which I cali
attention, that the gentleman from Ohio was en-
gaged somethinglike three or four weeks in taking
testimony to <riminate and inculpate the Piexi-
dent and members of this Administration; and
when he got through, he proposed that the Presi-
dent and the Secretary of the Navy should be
allowed eight days to prepaie their defense, to
send for their witnesses, and to have them exam-
ined. That resolution was agreed to on Friday,
and it was proposed to hear the defense during the
next week; yet the gentleman from Ohio did not
communicate to the President and Secretary this
action of the committee until the Tuesday after,
and under the resolution they were left only four
days to prepare their defense, obtain their wit-
nesses, and have them examined.
It is true, the members of the committee ob-
tained a little more time tl an was proposed for
the defense; but the resolution to which I have
referred shows the spirit with which the exam-
ination was conducted by the chairman. I might
refer to the manner in which witnesses were sum-
moned and questioned, but time presses. When
the examination of witnesses was concluded, the
gentleman from Ohio submitted these resolutions.
He and Mr. Ritchie, of Pennsylvania, voted for
them. Against them, besides myself, was my
distinguished friend from Ohio, (Mr. Groesbeck,)
whose absence from this House we all lament,
one of the most patriotic and able men with whom
it has ever been my fortune to sit upon this floor.
And there was my exeelient friend from Tennes-
see, (Mr. Ready,) an able man, a sound lawyer,
and above all, a noble patriot. Few constituen-
cies ever have a more excellent Representative.
He was a partisan, perhaps, but he was more a
patriot than a partisan. He was opposed to the
Democracy: but yet more opposed to injustice of
every sort. He came forward and ranged him-
self by our side, and proclaimed as his honest
conviction, upon thorough examination, that the
President and Secretary of the Navy had done
nothing impeaching their personal or official in-
tegrity.
Well, the matter was not acted upon. Perhaps
the House was satisfied with the action of a ma-
jority of the comfnittee. We came up here to
this session. The piotracted contest for Speaker
will long be remembered. The gentleman from
Ohio stood as the candidate of his party for weeks,
I may say months, upon this floor.
When you, sir, weie elected Speaker, he was
assigned the highly responsible position of chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Against the manner in which he has discharged
the duties of that position I have nothing to say,
fori would notdo him the slightestinjustice. For
the first time in the history of the country, the
chairman of Ways and Means was seen to slide
down to the foot of the little Committee on Ex-
penditures in the Navy Department. We were
all surprised.
We saw, too, the honorable member from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Hatton] placed at the head of that
committee. This did not clear up the mystery.
But presently the light began to break upon us,
when the gentleman from Ohio rose m his place
on tins floor and moved to refer these celebrated
minority resolutions of his to that committee.
Now we began to understand the movement. We
remembered that the honoiable gentleman from
Tennessee is the man who defeated Mr. Heady,
because he (Mr. Ready) was chaiged with hav-
ing affiliated with the Democrats on this quesUon.
hi making that issue with Mr. Ready he became
stiongiy committed on this subject, and he was
placed as the chaiiman of this committee. And
I, sir, the only other member of the House who
had been on the former committee, and had there-
fore investigated the subject, was omitted from
this. Here was evidence of design. This could
not have happened by accident. As well might
you say that4' the goodly frame of this universe"
had been thrown together by accident.
I know you well enough, Mr. Speaker, to say
that it was not your design. You knew not the
facts, because you had not been in the last Con-
gress. Nor do I believe that the honorable gen-
tleman from Tennessee had anything to do with
it, for he has declared that he did not know where
he would be placed till he foundhimselfat the head
of that committee. It was the most natural thing m
the world for the gentleman from Ohio, who had
been the favorite of his party, to be consulted in
the formation of the committees. And, under all
the circumstances, I cannot consider it an im-
probable thing that he suggested that he would
like a place on this Committee on Naval Expend-
itures, and would also like that the gentleman
from Tennessee should be chairman.
" It is an inconsiderable committee, one which
never has had anything before it; which never
had a fire in its room, nor used a dollar's worth
of stationery—put me there, and put the honorable
gentleman from Tennessee at its head." I do not
assert that this language was used, because I was
not there. But it is reasonable to infer that some-
thing like it was said. The gentleman was foiled
of his prey in the last Congiess, even in an Oppo-
sition committee. He doubtless wished to make
sure work this time.
I warn gentlemen not to take the judgment of
such a committee as that of an impartial tribunal.
Judge for yourselves. I stated in the beginning
that I did not intend to reflect personally on any
gentleman on this floor; I am speaking of the
political conduct of gentlemen—their action as
members of this House.
There are one or two resolutions which I have
not commented on, because my time has almost
expired. I hope I will have some other oppor-
tunity to discuss them before the vote is taken.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SIMMS. I hope tne gentleman from Vir-
ginia will be allowed ten minutes longer.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's hour has
expired.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to address some
remarks to the House.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. I believe the morn-
ing hour has expired.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe I have the floor;
and the gentleman cannot take it from me.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] has the floor, and is entitled to
address the House.
Mr. HATTON. I desire to say that, so far
as I am concerned, I have no objection to the gen-
tleman from Virginia being allowed to speak an-
other hour. I should myself prefer it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall endeavor not to de-
tain the House during the full hour, and shall en-
deavor to make as fair a statement of the facts of
the case as I can, during the brief time allowed
mc.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Do I understand
the gentleman to be in order ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope I will not be inter-
rupted.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not object; but
when the gentleman wants to enforce very strict
rules on others, I beg he will remember them
himself.
Mr. BOCOCK. I should like very much to
refer to the two other resolutions.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it be the pleasure of the
House, I shall certainly not interpose any objec-
tion.
Objection was made.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I have list-
ened with a great deal of attention to the remarks
made by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bo-
cock.] and I shall endeavor to reply to them as
best I can. I have had no time for preparation,
and did not intend to say anything in regard to
this matter; but the remarks of the gentleman de-
mand a reply.
Let us, in the first place, dispose of the tech-
nical objections interposed. It seems to me a
very singular proceeding for a high officer of the
Government to come here and plead, first, to the
jurisdiction of the court, and then interpose all
sorts of technical objections. The first objection
made by the gentleman from Virginia is, that the
depositions on which we are about to act were
taken at the last Congress. This is a very sin-
gular objection, when every bill which we pass,
and every measure of legislation we act on, de-
pend on testimony and documents taken long
before. How would it be regarded in a court of
justicc, if the objection was made that the deposi-
tions which were to decide the case were taken
before the judge had a right to sit on the bench?
It would be regarded as frivolous. This testi-
mony was taken in the legitimate, proper way;
fairly and candidly. Every witness wnom the
Secretary of the Navy desired to examine, was
examined. Notice was given him of the appoint-
ment of that committee. We requested that he
might be present, either personally or by agent,
to examine the witnesses; and we also asked him
to name the witnesses whom he wished to have
subpenaed; and we did subpena all whose names
he gave us. In addition to all that, we furnished
him with a ropy of all the depositions that affected
him, directly or indirectly, and invited his co-
operation in the examination of witnesses. We
confined the testimony strictly to the charges
made, and did notlet itgo beyond. We conducted
the examination with the utmost strictness, giv-
ing to the parties accused the fairest and amplest
opportunity for defense. The Secretary of the
Navy, after the testimony was completed, submit-
ted his written defense. This was fully consid-
ered. The gentleman from Virginia will admit
