1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2943
that no investigation of witnesses could have been
more fairly conducted.
The report was made during the closing days
of the last session. The record will show that 1
endeavored then togeta vote in the House; hut the
friends of the parties to be censured—for the last
House was largely Democratic—prevented a vote.
There was no vole on these resolutions in the last
House. If there had been, I would not have
called them up at the present, session.
But the Secretary objects that 1, who reported
these resolutions in the last Congress, am a mem-
ber of the present committee. He might have said
the same of the gentleman irom Virginia. Sir, jj
what right has he to dictate who shall constitute ||
our committees ? ij
I will say frankly, Mr. Speaker, for I never jj
disguise these uiuUuis, that I did ask you to place jj
me at the foot of the Committee on Expenditures !|
in the Navy Depai tment. The Speaker did me the !
honor to ask me what position 1 desired, and 1 fold (|
him that I desired to have a vote on these resolu- ,j
tions, and asked to be placed at the foot of that
committee. I take the responsibility of that. You j
did me the honor to assign me a position of great jj
responsibility,and, at the same time,gratified my j
very modest wish. All i have done m this mat- •
ter is to submit these resolutions, without even !
intending to debate them. ;
But, Mr. Speaker, I did not ask for the other j
position. It was assigned to mc by the Speaker 1
without my asking. I did say to the Speaker j
that 1 thought that these Committees on the Ex- |
pemhtuies of the Departments ought to he organ- j
lzed strongly; and if you will look over the list j
you will find my colleague, [Mr. Stanton,] the ;
chairman of the Military Committee, at the end of j
one, and the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. 1
Nelsox, | who is a member of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, at the end of another. Ail these commit-
, tees are given a strung organization in order to
enable the House to exerciseits powerof invcstiga- 1
lion whenever it may bo necessary to exercise it. i
Now, Mr. Speakei, let us look at another pre-
liminary niLifter. The gentleman trom Virginia
says that this House has no power to investigate.
Was that point made at the last session ot Con-
gress, when he and I together pursued tlns^ in-
vestigation 5 Who ever dreamed then of question-
ing the power of the House, when the gentleman
from Virginia himself reported resolutions—res-
olutions some of which implied ccnsure, and some
of them praise ?
Mr. BOCOCK. I do not wish to mteirupt the
gentleman, but 1 did not say that the House had
no right to im estimate. 1 said it had no right to
censuie or punish.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman says that
the House has no right to censure, but that we
have a right to praise. He himself reported that
"it manitc-* that the pie^ent head of the Navy Depart-
ment lias displayed a very laudable zeal,-5 &.e.}
and
"that nothing has been proven in this invostuiation which
impeaches m any way the personal or oilxual integrity o.
the Secretary of the Navy."
So we may praise the Secretary of the Navy,
but we cannot censure him We may sing peans,
but we cannot pronounce condemnation. It re-
minds me of a speech made in the celebrated con-
clave of fallen angels, described by the immortal
Milton.
man, to
" Stand m his presence humble" * + *
* * '• to eclohiate his throno
With wnibluti hytim-, and to hu- Godhead sing
Forced h.ili.-lunhs; winle h- Mts
Our em led soviau. and his a'tar breathes
Ambit^iai (nion and ambioMai flowtis,
Orn r^erwte oSiVrui^-"'
This is not the position of the House of Rep-
resentatives. We lijve a right to praise him if
he does his duty. We do pass resolutions of com-
mendation. Wc did it m regard to the ofiiceisot
the last war. And we have a right to pass reso-
lutions to eelisure. to pass judgment as well as to
extol and praise. Why, it is incident to all legis-
lative bodies. The British House of Commons,
on winch this body is modeled, does it every
year, and committees are constantly at work there,
sometimes prnismgand sometimes blaming. The
mode of overthrowing the Government there is
There never
day that this House, by an overwhelming ma-
jority, lepndiated the exemption set up by the
President that he was free from our power of in-
vestigation.
Now, i believe, I have disposed of the technical
objections raised here, and 1 think I have shown
their absurdity. It has been a matter of surprise
to me that the Secretary of the Navy and iiis
friends did not court a vote upon these resolutions
—that he should plead to the jurisdiction of this
House. This House represents the people of the
United States. He is but a subordinate of the
President, who is himself the servant of the peo-
ple. He is not the first Cabinet or executive
officer who has been arraigned in this House; but
he and the President are the first to dispute its
power.
There are cases in our history where Secreta-
ries of the Treasury have, through friends, ap-
pealed to this House for an investigation. One
of my colleagues [Mr. Gortvi.v] who labored un-
der a groundless charge in regard to a Georgia
bill, appealed to the House for a committee of in- j
vestigalion, while he was Secretaiy of the Treas- '
ury,"and it was granted; and he was fully vindi-
cated. It has been dune many times.
I come now directly to the facts of this case,
and I will endeavor to present them without the
least feeling, and without exaggeration. I ask
for the reading of the first resolution.
The Clerk Vead the resolution, as follows:
Ref.oii.eJ, That the Secretary of the Navy has, with (tie
sanction of the President, abused his discretionary power
111 the selection of a coal agent, and in the purchase of fuel
for the Government.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, Mr. Speaker, what
are the facts in regard to this coal agency ? Under
the law of September 25, 1850, the Secretary of
the Navy way empowered to purchase coal with-
out publicly inviting contracts. He was given an
unlimited power to purchase coal in the mode he
deemed best for the Government. Under that ,
I law he appointed a coal agent. I have lio objec- j
1 tioti to the recommendation on which he was ap- t
' pointed. But it seems that, at the very time the j
| appointment was made, the tlnee applicants com- |
i billed together to have one of their number ap- j
I pointed, and then to divide the profits among ]
themselves. The office, us it was conducted, was
a sinecure worth ^15,000 a year. These three
men, every one of whom was personally known
to the President of the United States, combined
together and agreed that one of them—Dr. Hun-
ter, of R-eading—should be appointed, and the
profits should be divided among the three. This
agreement was made* known to the President of
the United States. The testimony upon that point
is full and ample, and will be found on pages 62,
G3, 64, 65, 66, and 67. One of the parties to the
agreement says that he communicated the fact to
the President, that the profits were to be divided.
The witness said he did not know that he told the
President m what proportion they were to be di-
vided; but the fact that the profits were to be
divided outfor party services was communicated.
Well, sir, Dr. Hunter was appointed. He was
a practicing physician at Reading, Pennsylvania.
He continued to live there, and never performed
any of his duties. He never examined, inspected,
or saw a bushel of coal, or measured it. He never
uy i did one single thing in the discharge of his duties;
It is oar duty, according to the gentle- !; but, on the contrary, he made an open contract for
It 16, oui uu y, „ b , ai] >the coa[ to be furiuslled l0 the Government
with a man of the name of Beach, a remote rela-
tive of Secretary Toucey. He agreed to give
Beach S3 85 a ton for all the coal needed, ana then
he sat in his doctor's office in Reading, and never
moved a peg. He drew his $7,000 for two quar-
ters, and, according to the agreement, divided it
with men who, like himself, had never performed
a particle of duty.
Now, here is a matter which must have been
known to the Secretary of the Navy, because the
beneficiary under the contract was his near rela-
tive, and was herein constant communication with
linn; often a member of his own family, and hv-
ill"' 111 his own house. I say, therefore, that it is
inmossible to come to any other conclusion but
that the Secretary of the Navy knew that tills
man Beach did famish the coal at prices which
were agreed upon and fixed here in one of the
subordinate bureaus under the Secretary of the
simply by a resolution of oensurc. — _
per ton for this coal was entirely too high. Other
parties in Philadelphia were perfectly willing to
furnish it, and offered to do it, at §3 35 per ton,
making a loss to the Government, under this con-
tract, of fifty cents per ton; in other words, as the
annual purchases for coal are fifty-five thousand
tons, a loss to the Government of §87,000 a year.
And this must have been known to the Secretary
of the Navy. Nor is that the worst feature of
this coal transaction. A contract was made with
Beach to deliver the coal; he was to do it all; to
be purchaser, vender, and inspector. He hired
the vessels, made out the shipping bills, and sent
them from Philadelphia to Reading, to be signed
by Dr. Hunter.
The gentleman from Virginia says that no com-
plaint was made as to the quality of the coal.
Why, who could mako a complaint? This man
Beach bought the coal himself, he transported it,
lie sold it, he inspected it, he measured it, and
there was no check, no restraint, nothing what-
ever to prevent him irom passing off one thousand
poundsoicoal for three thousand pounds; nothing
to prevent him from passing off an infeuor qual-
ity of coal fur a superior quality of coal. The
whole matter was in his hands, while the gentle-
man whoso duty it was to protect the Govern-
ment was practicing medicine and selling pills at
Reading, Pennsylvania.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I cannot spend more time
upon this branch of the investigation. I appeal
to every candid man upon this side of the House,
I appeal to every gentleman upon the other side
of the House, to consider well whether or not all
these admitted transactions—admitted by the re-
poit of the majority, as that report will show—I
say I ask gentlemen to pass in judgment upon this
resolution, and to say by their vote whether the
Secretary of the Navy had not, with the sanction
of the President, abused his high discretionary
power in the selection of this coal agent. The
President knew all the circumstances connected
with the matter, and the Secretary of tlie Navy
must have known all the transactions. This man
was a friend of the President, and the Secietary
of the Navy made the appointment for the pur-
pose of enabling this friend of the President to
divide a large profit at the expense of the Govern-
ment of the United States. 1 ask the Cleik to read
the second resolution.
The Clerk read, as follows;
That the contract made by the Secietuiy of the Navy,
under date of (September 23,1858, witll Will win O.K. Swill,
101 the deliverv of live oak timber, was made in violation
of law, and ln'a manner uiiuoual, impiopor, and injurious
to the public betviee.
Mr. SHERMAN. What are the facts in re-
gard to this live-oak contract? The facts as
agreed upon byall the members of the committee
are sufficiently explicit. I am peifectly willing
to take the statement of the honorable gentleman
from Virginia, m his report, as the basis for this
resolution; and upon that statement to submit to
gentlemen of this House whether they can vote
against this resolution. What are the factsIt
appears that a man by the name of Swift, a
whaler, at New i^edford, jNdassachusetts, enteied
into an agreement with a Mr. Phtt, a friend of
Mr. Buchanan, by which Plitt was to do all he
could to obtain for Swift the live-oak contracts _
under Mr. Buchanan's administration, and by
which Plitt was to have ten per c.ent. of the jjross
receipts for his services and good will. Ihese
contracts usually amounted toabouttwo hundred
thousand dollars a year, and therefore Plitt was
to have for this service, if he secured the contract
for Swift, about twenty thousand dollars a year.
After the contract was made, Pint, who was
chairman of the Democratic central committee
of Pennsylvania, called upon Swilt, who contrib-
uted, to aid in the election of Mr. Buchanan, some
sixteen thousand dollars—Swift being at the time
i an old-lme Whig. Now, I want to know what
j could have induced this man to put his hands
in his pockets to pay out §16,000 to aid in the
'i election of Mr. Buchanan? Every mail knows
|! that the inference is irresistible, that it was m
1 pursuance of this contract previously made, by
U which Swift expected, through Pint's influence,
to obtain a contract under which the whole $16,000,
and a large amount m addition, would be icceived
by him as profits. Sir, I want to show you how
this mattei is brought home by the testimony.
Here is the testimony of Plitt:
" in introducing Mr- Swift, I told Mr. Toucey that lie
