36
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 7,
Mr. PUGH. But Mr. Brown says it is not
true that he was instigated by anything that hap-
pened to him in Kansas, but that for twenty years
lie has had the enterprise in contemplation. He
has denied the allegation himself, and he is the
main witness.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I shall not go into a con-
troversy in relation to what appears in the news-
paper press; but as I understand it, Mr. Brown
stated this: that he was not actuated by any feel-
ings of revenge in consequence of what occurred
in Kansas to make war on the people of Virginia;
but I do not understand Brown to say that he and
Kagi and Cook did not enter into this plan to
take Harper's Ferry, in Kansas, as long ago as
1856 or 1857.
Mr. PUGH. He said that he had it in con-
templation for twenty years.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. But, Mr. President, so
far as the Republican party of this country is
conccrncd, if I know anything of that party, or
its objects or designs, it was organized under cir-
cumstances that most solemnly pledged it against
all resort to violence or insurrection, to any moans
tending to overthrow the Constitution of the
United States, or of any of the States of this
Union. As a national party, it was not organized
until 1856. It was February 22, 1856, when the
national organization of this party was first
formally proposed. It was proposed, too, upon
grave considerations, growing out of the invasion
and subjugation of Kansas—considerations which
rise above the ordinary party considerations that
control men in political action. It was upon an
appeal which was addressed to men of all parties,
no matter with what party they had been before
associated, and the objects for which they met is
stated in the address from which I will now read
a brief extract:
" We declare our purpose to obey, in .ill tilings, the re-
quirements of the Constitution and of all laws enacted in
pursuance thereof. We cherish a profound reverence for
the wise and patriotic men by whom it was framed, anil a
lively sense of the blessings it has conferred upon our coun-
try and upon mankind throughout the world, in evciy
crisis of difficulty ami of danger we shall invoke its spirit
and proclaim the supiemaey of its authority.
" In the next place, we deelaie our ardent and unshaken
attachment to this Union of American States, which the
Constitution created and has thus fur piescrved. We le-
vere it as the puiehase of the blond of our forefathers, as
the condition of our national renown, and as the guaidtuil
and guarantee of that liberty which the Constitution was
designed to secure. Wo will defend and protect it against
all its enemies. We will lecognize no geogiaphical divi-
sions, no local interests, no nairovv or bectiomil piejudices,
in our endeavors to preserve the Union of Ihese States
against foreign aggression and domestic strife. What we
claim for ouiscives we claim for all. The rights, privi-
leges, and liberties which we demand as our lnheutaiiee,
we concede, as their iuheiitanee, to all tile citizens ol tins
Republic."
Mr. President, from the day of its organization
to the present hour, the Republican party lias
pledged itself over and over again, 111 every form in
which language can express it, to an earnest and
devoted attachment to the Union of these States,
to the Constitution of the United States, and to
the rights of the States. But while the people of
the State which 1 represent disclaim all justifi-
cation of the act of Brown, or the act of any other
person who maybe engaged in or may afford aid
or sanction to an insurrection of slaves in any of
the slave States of this Confederacy, there are
some traits of personal character which have
been developed in John Brown that have com-
manded their sympathy, commanded, indeed,
their admiration, as they have commanded the
sympathy and the admiration of men South as
well as North.
I regret that gentlemen, in speaking of this man
Brown, should be pleased to speak of hini as a
robber, or a thief, or a vagabond, in the ordinary
sense of the term. Sir, it is of the essence of
robbery and theft that the robber or the thief who
robs or steals should act from the desire of gain.
Certainly no such charge can be made against
this man, as that ho was actuated by the lust of
gain. He acted from far different motives. He
sought to give liberty to the enslaved, and laid
down his life for that purpose; freely and bravely
did he do it, A great many people of the north-
ern States believe that he was bordering upon
monomania upon this subject. When the mind
gives way to fanaticism, the precise point where
fanaticism ends and insanity begins is sometimes
very difficult to be ascertained. There are some,
also, who believe that Brown was actually insane,
and sympathize with him for that reason. They
cannot conceive how any sane man could have
engaged in sifch -an undertaking. The under-
taking was so utterly abhorrent to ninety-nine out
of every hundred—aye, sir, to nine hundred and
ninety-nine out of every thousand—of all the peo-
ple of the northern States; the idea of going into
the slay® States and putting knives or pikes or
daggers into th'e hands of the slaves to destroy
the lives of their masters, is so utterly abhorrent
to the whole people of the North, that there are
thousands of them who cannot believe that Brown
could do it unless he was actually insane at the
time when he committed this offense. Some of
them, for that reason, may express sympathy
with him on the ground that he is an insane man.
Others may express their sympathy because he
has shown bravery and heroism; because he was
willing to carry out what, on his part, if he were
not insane,.was an enthusiasm, mingled with a
deep religious conviction, which made him willing
to die for what he regarded a principle; and they
sympathize with a man for the motive for which
he may die, though they may condemn his act,
as a crime against the law.
Mr. President, I had no intention to take up as
much time as I have consumed on this question;
but my conviction is stronger than at the outset
in favor of the amendment. If we wish to come
to an understanding; if the purpose is as 'ex-
pressed by some Senators to ascertain the true
state of feeling on the part of the people of the
northern States, I wish also to know the true
state of feeling on the part of the people of the
southern States. When I hear it proclaimed by
men in high places, that, in the event of the elec-
tion of a Republican candidate to the Presidency,
which I regard as a very probable event, they are
determined to break up this Government; when
I hear men in high places talking about a dissolu-
tion of the Union; when I read the speech that
was delivered on the 20th of September, 1856, by
Mi-. Wise, of Virginia, in which he declared that
if Mr. Fremont was elected, a dissolution of the
Union was inevitable; when it has been intimated,
over and over again, by the public press, that if
we had succeeded in the election of Mr. Fremont,
in 185G, certain parties in Virginia would have
taken possession of Harper's Ferry and also of
the fort which commands the entrance of the
Chesapeake; when I see resolutions brought for-
ward in the Legislatures of the South, which arc
now under discussion, proposing a southern con-
federacy, ill case the Republican candidate is
elected to the Presidency in 1860, 1 wish this in-
quiry to go further. I want to understand and
know the feeling of the people of the-South; and
if it is treason in John Brown to organize a pro-
visional government in Canada for the United
Suites, and to march down into Virginia with sev-
enteen white men and five negroes, how are we to
regard the acts and declarations, whether made in
high or low places, of those men who declare, in
the presence of the American people, that if we
electa!? epublican President they will break up
the Union ? I want to know what they mean?
We expect to know what they mean, as well as
for them to know what is meant by the declara-
tions that are made at the North; declarations
that have been made for political effect, to affect
elections t/hat were coming off at the time.
Mi'. President, I know that in 1856, I know
that during the whole canvass the present year,
in answer to all these false charges, that the Re-
publican party is a sectional party, that it is
against the Constitution, and is determined to
break down the constitutions and laws of the sev-
eral States of this Union and trample down their
sovereign rights, there has never been but one
response given to my knowledge. That answer
has uniformly been that the Republican party
stand pledged bv every public resolution, by every
speech of its public men, by every press controlled
by that party , to sustain the Constitution and to
sustain the rights of the States too, and all the
States of this Union, North and South, and that
they will stand by them under all circumstances,
and stand by them to the bitter and, be the con-
sequences what they may; that they will neither
invade the rights-of.the States nor suffer them to be
invaded; that they will neither dissolve the Union
nor suffer it to be dissolved. In answer to this often
repeated threat that if the Republicans shall elect
their President the Government will be broken up,
I have never heard but one reply given by the
Republicans of the northern States, and that is
this: " Notwithstanding some declarations we see
in the press of the South, notwithstanding we
may see a resolution introduced into a Legisla-
ture in some one or more of the southern States,
we do not believe there exists any such insanity
or delusion among the men of the South that they
would attempt to break up this Government be-
cause a Republican should be elected President of
theUnited States; but,sir, if there should be such
men at the South, who, like this man Brown from
the North, are deluded with the idea that they
can break up this Government and establish new
confederacies or provisional governments for the
United States, as the Republican party of this
country stands pledged to maintain the Union,
and to defend it against all its enemies, it will be
bound, therefore, if it come into power, whether
an attempt shall be made by men coming from
Canada or by men coming from any southern State
to break up this Government, to arrest them for
treason, indict them for treason, try them for trea-
son, and, if the jury do not acquit them on the
ground of insanity, to hang them for treason, as
sure as there is a God in Heaven." And, Mr.
President, I know no other way in which that
party could discharge its duties and high responsi-
bilities to the Constitution of the country and the
laws of the land.
We are opposed therefore to this whole system
of lawlessness and violence which has led to filli-
bustering from the United States into Nicaragua;
to fillibustering from Missouri into Kansas, which
has been followed by this fillibustering by Brown
from Canada into Virginia, and you gentlemen
who represent the States of the South may rely
upon it that the Republican party will join with
you and go with you to put down this fillibust-
ering by all legal and proper means within the
Constitution. vVill you join with us ? Can we
rely upon you? That is the question.
Mr. CHESNUT. Mr. President, when the
Senator from Virginia introduced the resolution
which is now before us, I had no expectation of
participating in this debate. The propriety of
the resolution itself was so manifest, and the
consequences which would seem to How from its
quiet, easy, unimpeded adoption by this body, so
full of necessity, and bringing repose to the coun-
try, that I did not believe there was a solitary
man on the floor of the American Senate who
would really oppose or impede its passage. Sir,
I like plain, straightforward, manly dealing. Now,
what is the meaning of this amendment? Will
the Senator from Illinois say that his purpose, and
his only purpose, is bona fide to elicit information
on an occurrence which took place five years ago ?
As the Senator does not respond that that is his
bona fide and only purpose, I will take it for
granted that the purpose is to clog, to impede, to
trammel, to blunt the very point and object of this
proceeding. Why is it done? The gentlemen
upon the other side of the Chamber tell us that
they court this investigation. Sir, I believe they
do; I believe with the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Fessenden,] for whom I entertain profound re-
spect, and for whose intellectual exhibitions I
have always an admiration, that they desire an
investigation. But, sir, that is not all; this must
come up as a countervailing blow, as a species of
party tactics to shield a party. What else can it
be? Is it possible that the Senator from Illinois
supposes that the Republican party stand in need
of such a shield' His compeers, our compeers,
all disclaim it. Does he fear that in an investi-
gation of this sort untrammeled, an investigation
whose point is not blunted by such a proceeding
as he proposes where his party is involved, it will
appear that out of the ranks of that party, and
from the preachings of that party, the weapon has
been furnished to the hand of the assassin ? Docs
he fearthat the motives which influenced the heart.;
of the murderer may appear to have flowed from
the doctrines and teachings of his party? If not,
why this amendment?
I speak in good faith, Mr. President. If it is not
for such a purpose, why is the amendment intro-
duced? It is impossible, unless the Senator will
assure us of it himself, and then we must so take
it, that it is for the purpose of eliciting new facts on
an ancient transaction. The facts, as he himself
has shown, have been elicited and acted upon by
committees appointed by tlic Federal Legislature;
