1056
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8.
After that was the opinion undei^the naviga-
tion act. He says:
"The Legislature of Pennsylvania, when a British col-
ony, parsed, on the 17th of June, 17J.2, an act to prevent
the importation of negroes and Indians into that province.
It was disallowed by Great Biitain, and accordingly re-
pealed by an act of Queen Anne, on the 20th of February,
1713."  -**•******
" In 1765, the Governor of Jamaica informed the Assem-
bly of that island, that, consistently with his instructions,
he could not give ins assent to a hill, which had then been
read twice, lor limiting the importation of slaves into that
colony. In 1774, the Jamaica Assembly attempted to pre-
vent the further importation by an increase of duties there-
on, and for this purpose passed two acts. The merchants
of i>nt<tol and Liverpool petitioned against their allowance.
The board of trade made a report against them. The agent
of Jamaica was heard against that report; but upon the
recommendation of the privy council the acts were disal-
lowed, and the disallowance was accompanied by an in-
struction to the Governor, dated the 28th ot February, 1775,
by which he was prohibited,' upon pain of being removed
trom his government,' from giving his assent to any act by
which the duties on the importation of slaves should be
augmented."
The same author declares:
" Upon the disappearance of slavery in Europe, it com-
menced in Ameiica. The great Powers, England, Franco,
Holland, Spain, and Portugal, some of whom boast of the
freedom of their institutions, exerted all their energies and
authority to introduce and maintain it in their colonies, by
means of the Aft lean slave trade. Their resources weie
employed, and their subjects invited and encouraged to fill
theii colonies with slaves. Wo turn with disgust fiom the
various expedients by which these States endeavored to
secuie to themselves the monopoly of this odious traffic, to
the revenues which they derived fiom it, and to the'ie-
morseless perseverance with winch England and France
uniformly resisted every attempt on the part of their colo-
nists to check its progress.
" To tiie existence of blavery In their colonies, the parent
States gave the fullest and most active encouragement.
Under the sanction of their laws and the decisions of their
courts, slaves became pioperty. But whilst they sanc-
tioned, encouraged, and reeogmzed the legality of slavery
in their colonies, they denounced its existence in their pos-
sessions in Europe."
This was not peculiar to England, but extended
to the other nations mentioned.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator permit
me a moment? I ask him just there, whether the
author cites any authority showing: that the Eng-
lish Government discouraged slavery in England
at the time these eoiomes had it introduced among
them—whether he cites a solitary authority or his-
torian ?
Mr. COLLAMER. I will read:
u Thcie exists, then, a status which is legal in the coun-
tries in which it i^ constituted, but illegal in another coun-
try to winch the person may resoit.
44 In tins conflict there has been a uniformity of opin-
ion among jurists, and of decision by judicial tribunals, in
giving no effect to the status, however legal it may have
been in the countiy in which the person was bom, or in
which he was previously domiciled, if it be not recognized
by the law of hi<s actual domicile.
"This principle was adopted by the supreme council of
Mechlin as its established law. In 1831 it refused to i*sue
a warrant to take up a person who had escaped from Spam,
whete he had been bought and legally held m slavery."
**********
" Although the FAits of April, 1G15, and May, 1685, had
recognized the title to &lavcs and the legality of slavery in
the colonies of Fiance, yet within that kingdom it was
illegal."
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator perhaps does"
not understand the precise question 1 put to lum.
If I understand lum aright, he says that that au-
thor declares that, although the English Govern-
ment established slavery, and forced slavery on
its colonies on this continent, it discountenanced
slavery at home, and slavery was not recognized
at home.
Mr. COLLAMER. I did not say discounte-
nanced.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Refused to acknowledge it.
Mr. COLLAMER. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask for the authority for
that.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is frequently the case in
the world, that strength and power overcome
ri^ht for the time being, until justice and the proper
tribunals of justice are appealed to. That proves
nothing. It is when the competent authorities are
appealed to and a decision is made, that we begin
to ascertain what is the law of the country. As
to what the gentleman asks me, now I will read
to him further from the same volume:
'* hi 1729, Sn P. Yoik, then Attorney General, and Mr.
Talbot, the Solicitor General of England, gave then opinion,
that a slave, by coming from the West Indies, either with
or without ius master, to Gieat Britain or Ireland, did not
become free; and that Ins masters property or right in linn
was not theic-by doteimined or vaiied."
That was not the decision of a court; it was the
opinion of the Attorney and Solicitor General:
"This opinion was acted on. Slaves who had arrived
in England from the British colonies were bought and sold
publicly in the cities of London, Bristol, and Liverpool;
and in the year 1771, when the negro Sommersett's case
was decided, it was said there were at least fourteen thou-
sand slaves m London."
That was without law. Theygotthere, as the
author states, by virtue of the opinion expressed^
by Sir Philip York, who had no judicial power
whatever:
k- The court of King's Bench in that case distinctly and
expressly recognized the principle that the status of slavery
1 was a municipal relation, an institution, therefore con-
fined to certain places, and necessarily dropped by passage
into a countiy where such municipal relation did not sub-
sist. The negro, making choice of his habitation in Eng-
land, had subjected himself to the penalties, and was there-
fore entitled to the protection of the laws.'
" A few years afterwards the case'of Knight vs. Wed-
derburrvWas brought before the court of session, in Scot-
land. The master elaimod Knight as a slave, but the court
adopted the principle that slavery was not recognized by
the laws of that kingdom, and was inconsistent with the
principles thereof; that the regulations in Jamaica concern-
ing slaves did not extend to that kingdom, and repelled the
defender's claim to a perpetual service."
That, it will be observed, was when Scotland
was an independent kingdom. In a more recent
case, Mr. Burge says:
" It has been applied when the person has placed him-
self beyond the limits of the country in which the status
existed by law, and beeamc subject to the law of another
country whose institutions did not recognize that status
though he-did not put his foot on her shores."
That was where he went orrboard ship, and the
ship carried him off. I also cite the case in the
second Barriewall & Cresswell, decided by Chief
Justice Best, where the whole subject is very fully
examined, and where the same decision as in the
case of Sommersett was made. 1 next cite not
merely that case, but cases decided by the Supreme
Court of the United States. I have already al-
luded to Prigg vs. Pennsylvania. There is also
the case*of Gloves vs. Slaughter. That was a case
from the State of Mississippi. Mississippi had
forbidden the bringing in of slaves there for sale;
but if they were personal property, as the Su-
preme Court say m this case, the same as other
personal property, the States could not regulate
the trade in chattels of any kind between them. I
take it, if slaves be property at all, they are per-
sonal property*, for the Constitution says they are
persons, and you say they are property. The
States have no power to regulate trade between
each other. The Supreme Court of the United*
States were appealed to on that subject, and they
said that the power was vested in Congress to
regulate trade between the other States and the
State of Mississippi, and that no State can forbid
the sale of the property of another State within its
territory. The Supreme Court, however, sustained
the right of Mississippi to do what she did, clearly
because slaves were not like other personal prop-
erty. The States, the court said, had tho riglit to
prohibit their sale. In a case in Kentucky, Ran-
kin vs. Lydia, in second Marshall, the words of
the court are:
"We view this [slavery] a* a right existing by positive
law, of a municipal character, without foundation in the
law of nature, or in the unwritten common law."
I do not wish to elaborate this point any more.
Mr. MALLORY. Will my friend from Ver-
mont permit me to draw his attention to a single
point? I perceive that he has quoted from the
Sommersett case, and it has been referred to a
great deal on the other side of the Chamber. I
have not a very distinct recollection of it, but I
will ask him whether, in that case, which is re-
garded here as a leading one, the sole question
before the court of King's Bench was not as to the
right of any man to take another* one out of the
realm of England without his authority or the au-
thority of law; and whether the principle that a
slave brought from the West Indies ceased to be
a slave because he was brought to England was
mooted there at all?
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman seems to
have put together in his mind the case of the slave
Grace, which was before Lord Stowell, and the
Sommersett case, that'was before Lord Mans-
field. The Sommersett case was clear and distinct
enough. The fact was, if the slave was the man's
property, he had a right to take him. So, when
the Supreme Court decided the Prigg case, no dis-
tinction of that kind can be made. He had aright
to take him away if he was property, but the
court decided he had not. It is true that, in the
case of the slave Grace, before Lord Stowell, a
question arJSe as to what would be the effect of
returning voluntarily into the master's service in
the State where the service was due, after the
slave had been brought out, and had been in Eng-
land or France. Lord Stowell said that, if the ser-
vant Grace returned with her master, voluntarily,
to her former status, she would be a slave still in
Jamaica. I think that was the decision. That
has been quite a mooted question. Our Supreme
Court, I believe, decided that in the Kentucky
case of Graham vs. Strader; and if the Supreme
Court, in the Dred Scott case, had simply con-
fined itself to the fact that Dred Scott, wherever
he was, voluntarily went back with his master to
Missouri, and thereby returned to his former
status, no man would ever have made a word about
the decision at all.
There is another nice distinction aboutthat made
by Lord Stowell, and made, also, in a case in
Pickering, in Massachusetts; and that is, as to
whether the State or country into which the man
goes, forbids slavery absolutely, or whether it
only forbids the master from using power, as a
master, over him there. If it is the latter, and he
voluntarily returns, he waives that; but, if it is
the former, and the slavery is declared absolutely
void and ended, then the return would not affect
it. That is, however, a nice distinction, which it
is not necessary now to make.
The next point in the syllogism is, that slaves,
being property like any other property, their
owners have aright to go to the Territories with
them. What is that founded on ? I have no doubt
that slaves arc not property, though, perhaps,
they may be called such where slavery is author-
ized by law; but even if they were, how does this
follow? "What is the reason that the^slaveholder
has a right to take his slave there ? You say the
territory which we have acquired belongs to the
people of the several States. That is not true. It
belongs to the people of the United States. If it
belongs to the people of the several States, each
several State would have its right to a proportion
of it; and if it was sol4 by the General Govern-
ment, they would have a right to their proportion
of the money. Clearly so, if the General Govern-
ment holds it as a mere trustee for the States, as
cestui que trusts. Now, how idle is that. Here
you hear one day that we own the territory, and
that every man has a right to go there with his
property, because each man has his share 111 the
land; and the next day we admit it as a free State,
and there is not a quarter of the land sold. Now,
according to this doctrine, the people of the slave-
holding States have lost all their land there. It
is a most palpable inconsistency. The assump-
tion that the several States have an interest 111 the
land there, is not true. The whole theory of it
is founded on a wrong doctrine.
In the next place, it is said that, inasmuch as
slaves are property, and recognized as property
by the Constitution of the United States, (which
argument I have already answered,) if we do not
allow the owners to go there with them, it is an
infringement of their rights, and a breach of the
fifth section of the amendments of the Constitu-
tion, which declares that 110 man shall be deprived
of life, liberty, or property, without due process
of law. It is a curious fact, that the extremes of
this question seem to meet on this common ground.
One man says he cannot permit slaves to exist in
aTerritoryatall. Why? Because, he says, you
cannot deprive any man of his life, liberty, or
property, without due process of law. New, if
you permitslaves to be-holden in a Territory, you
deprive a man of his liberty. I say you do not.
I do not understand that when they allowed sla-
very to continue to exist in Louisiana, they de-
prived any man on earth of his liberty. It was
gone before. So, too, when they allowed slaves
to be taken, as they did, into Mississippi from
Georgia, did they deprive any man of his liberty?
No; he was deprived of it before. So the oppo-
site extreme of the question cite not only the Con-
stitution tosupport their doctrine, that you can-
not prohibit slavery in the Territories, but cite
the very same words. They say you cannot pro-
hibit it, because it will deprive the owner of his
property. The others say you cannot allow it,
because it will deprive somebody of his liberty.
The fact is, neither is well founded. When the
Missouri compromise line was made, there was
not a white inhabitant, or black inhabitant, in all
that vast uninhabited region, north of that line—
not a settler in it. When the line was run, and
