2946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
book of testimony has never yet been fairly ex-
amined by members of this House. It contains
many other things on which I will not comment,
because 1 have confined my remaiks to the reso-
lutions ponding. 1 now ask the judgment of the
House whether these resolutions are well founded
or not; and whether I was not justified-—nay,
whether it was not my bounden duty—to bring;
this subject before this House for its vote. I
would have considered myself derelict in the duty
which I owe to my constituents, who have no
favors to ask here, if I had not brought this
subject before the House. It is for you to say
whether the public morals and the truth of history
do not demand the adoption of these resolutions.
I now call the previous question.
MESSAGE FJROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by the
hands of Mr. Patton, one of its Herks, inform-
ing the House that the Senate hud agreed to the
amendment of the House to the bill of the House
to incorporate the National Gallery and School
of Arts in the Distuct of Columbia.
Also, that the Senate had passed, without
amendment, the bill of the House for the relief of
Anson Dart.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the amend-
ment of the House to the amendment of the Sen-
ate to the bill to facilitate communication between
the Atlantic and Pacific Slates by electric tele-
graph, with amendments; m which he wasdirected
to ask the concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate had passed the bill of the
House making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of Government for the year ending June
30, 1861, with forty-live amendments; in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
enrolled bills.
Mr. DAVIDSOiN, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled, the follow-
ing resolutions; when the .Speakersigned the same:
A resolution (S. No. 5) forsupply mg the Choc-
taw, Cherokee, and Chickasaw nations with such
copies of the laws, Journals, and public printed
documents as arc furnished to the States and
Territories;
A resolution (S. No. 34) in relation to the
works of the exploring expedition; and
A resolution (S. No. 35) providing for the ob-
servation of the eclipse of the sun, which will
occur on the lbth day of July next.
NAVAL CONTKACTS—AGAIN.
Mr. SICKLES. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to withdraw the demand lor the previous
question.
Mr. SHERMAN. How much time have I left?
Tlic SPEAKl\R. Five minutes.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will yield to the gentle-
man from New York for those five minutes, with
the understanding that he will renew the call for
the previous question.
Mr. SICKLES. I cannot in five minutes an-
swer an argument of one hour.
Mr. SHERMAN. There has been one speech
on each side.
Mr. SICKLES. The gentleman has referred
to the New York navy-yard, and to my connec-
tion with it, and has made it the subject of argu-
ment and accusation, and I have a right to be
heard before the previous question is pressed hero.
Mr. SHERMAN. I made no reference to the
gentleman from New York, except to allude to
his testimony. I insist on the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. SICKLES. I do not think the gentleman
has said a great deal, but he has tried to say  
[Shouts of<£ Order!" on the Republican side.]
Mr. SHERMAN. I have called the previous
question.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 hope the gentleman will
recollect that I was on the floor day before yes-
terday, when this question was postponed, and
that 1 yielded, at the request of the gentleman
from Ohio, with the understanding that when it
came up to-day, the consideration should be re-
sumed exactly where it was left that day. I think,
therefore, that I am entitled to be heard. If the
gentleman will withdraw the previous question for
th&t purpose, I will not occupy above ten minutes,
find 1 an< -.villing to be limited to that time.
Mr. SHERMAN. There has been one speech
made on each side, and I do not think we had bet-
ter occupy more time with it. I presume there
will be no objection to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia occupying ten minutes after the previous
question lias been ordered.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers upon sec-
onding the demand for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered: and Messrs. Barb, and
Humphrey were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes ninety; no further count being demanded.
Mr. BURNETT. I call for the yeas and nays
on ordering the main question. 1 want to see
who will vote for cutting off discussion.
Mr. FLORENCE. So do 1. Gentlemen take
opportunities to assail members of this House,
and then they deny them any opportunity of de-
fending themselves. [Ciics of " Order !"]
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it wasdecided
in the affirmative—yeas 101, nays 71; as follows:
YEAS— Mew. Chaile-s F. Admits, Aldrieh, Alley, Wil-
liam Anderson, Asiile\. UabbiU, lleale, Bingham, Sam-
uel y. UUir, lHake, JSiayton. JBii-tow. limlniton, iUirl.n-
gainc, liuttci field, Campbell, Caiey, Caitcr, Case, Collax,
Covod *, UniUs., 11. Wnit-.n D.ivi>, John G. Dave*, Dawes,
Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edije!tfln, Edwaids, EthoiidiiCj
Fainswonli, Ronton, Feny, Fo-ter, Fiank, French, Gil-
mer, Gooch, Giiiltam. Grow, Gmlev, Hale, Hall, 11<u*ktn,
Hickman, lloaid, William A. Ilowaid, llutcliins, It vine,
Jur.kin, Fianeis VV. Kellogg, William kellogfi, Kenyon,
Ktllmqcr, DeWitt C. Lead), Lee, Lovejov, Rlallory,Mars-
ton, McKean, MeKmaht, MePherson. Millwaid,Laban T.
Mome, Mnoihead, jMoihII, Edward Joy Moms', Nixon,
Olni, I'cuy, I'ouif, Porter, l'ouer, 1'oille, (iu.ule:-, Chri&to-
phei Uobneon, Uoyee, Sherman, Spjimvi, .Stanton, Ste-
vens, William Stewait, Stokes, Ktiatton, Tappan, Thayer,
TheaUer, TotnpUm*, Train, Tumble, Vamlevei. Van
l W\ck, Venee, Wad.', ('.tdu.il.tdiT (J. Wa->hhuin, Ulhlm
1 . Wa^hbmne, Wells, WiKon, Windom, ami Woodruff—
101.
NAVS—Allen, Avery, Baiksdalc, fS.m, Koeock.
Honhaiu, ttuiili'iny, l>o\ei', liinch. limnett, Clopton, Cobb,
Jonn Codnnne, Hiuton Ciaige. Ciawloul. (Jiiiiy, l)a\nl
.son, D;mimek, Kdmmubon, Fnnlish, Floienee, Fouke,
Gatiieit, Garfti-I!, J. Mi.m>on llanis, John 'i'. H.uiis,
liatton, Holm.in, J.iek-on. Join Kent, Landunn. Lana
bee, J,inies AI. Leach, Leake, Lo^au, Love, Maclay,
t'hailet, U. Marini, Elbeit S. iVlaitin, iUa\ naid, iMeUueeti,
Mcltae, Mill-on, Montgomoiy, Suienhain Moote, Laac N.
Mimis, Nelson, Niblaek, Peyton, l'help.*, L'uijh, Reagan,
James C. llolunson, Kiiti'm, Kiel, Scott, Sickles
Simms. tfuijj'.etou, William N. H. ^mitlt, James A. rttew-
ait, Stout, Ta.yloi, Tlioma-, 1,'nderwood, Yaliandn'iuni,
\auee, Whiteley, and WiiL'lit—71.
So the main question was ordered to be put.
l^efote the vote was announced,
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio, stated that his col-
leagues, ftk'ssrs. Cox and IIulmick, had paired.
Mr. RICK stated that he had paired with Mr.
Mn.r.s until Saturday.
Mi. GRAHAM stated that Messrs. Wood and
Kunkl.i, had paited fbi the day.
Mi. LICACII, of Michigan, said his colleague,
Mr AVai,i>iion", had been unwell for several days,
and had paiied with Mr. Noei.l.
Mr. DA VIS, of Mississippi, said he had paired
with Mr. Schwartz, who was unwell as well as
himself.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, said he had paired
with his colleague, Mr. Blair, upon these reso-
lutions.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky, and Mr. WAL-
TON stated that if they had been within the bar
when their names were called, they would have
voted in the afiirmative.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. IIATTON. Mr. Speaker, it is suggested
that the gentleman from Virginia on my right
[Mr. Mh.lsont] had the floor the day before yes-
teiday, when these lesolutions were postponed;
• and as he desiics to say something upon them, 1
am willing, so far as I am concerned, that he
should have the opportunity, prowded it is not
taken out of the hour to which I am entitled
under the i ules.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia will be allowed to proceed, if there be no
objection.
Mr. MILLSON. On day before yesterday,
while I was on the floor, I yielded at the request
of the gentleman from Ohio, stating at the time
that when the question was resumed, the pro-
ceedings would be taken up at the point at which
they were left. Now, sir, I desire to occupy ten
minutes upon this question, and I am willing the
Chair shall limit me to that time.
1 Mr. Speaker, it will be recollected, perhaps,
! that on the introduction of these resolutions, I
I expressed the opinion that it was not competent
for this House to pass judgment upon anybody
or anything on evidence taken by a committee
appointed by a former Congress. Since then I
have seen the letter of the Secretary of the Navy,
published in this morning's paper, and his views
and arguments on this point are so identical with
those X had submitted that it might be supposed
I had read that letter, or at least had had some
communication with the Secretary of the Navy.
I can only say that I had no communication with
that officer; that I had not seen his letter, nor did
I know of the existence of such a letter. But it
occurred to me instantly that the committee had
invited this House to do a most extraordinary
act.
Some resolutions which were presented by the
gentleman from Ohio in the last Congress, were
submitted by him to the present Congress, and re-
ferred, upon his motion, to the Committee on Ex-
penditures in the Navy Department. These reso-
lutions were not, in the last Congress, reported
from any committee; they were the views of the
gentleman from Ohio alone. A'committee, in apar-
hamentary sense, is a unit. In parliamentary lan-
guage, we know nothing of the majority or the mi-
nority of a committee. A committee is one and
indivisible. That committee was charged by the
last Congress with the duty of making certain in-
quiries. They discharged their duty; they made
theirroport,and upon the presentation of their re-
port, it appears that so far as the inquiry had been
prosecuted, there was noground forimpeachmcnt,
for censure, or for other punishment. There the
matter ended. Now, m the present Congress, a
standing committee of the House, without power
to sendYor persons and papers, without having
any documents or evidence refencd to them, hav-
ing nothing referred to them except certain reso-
lutions, report back these resolutions, which, upon
examination, appear to be condemnatory of two
high officers of the Government.
Now the question is, can this be done? I have
neither the information nor the time to go into an
inquiry as to the facts of this case. In the last
Congress it became the duty of the members to
examine the evidence; butl undertake to say that
the evidence has not been examined by ten mem-
beis of this House. Sir, this committee had not
e\en the power to reexamine the witnesses who
were then introduced; and now, to make the re-
sults to which a former committee arrived the
basis of an impeachment or attack upon official
character, by the present Congress, is wholly un-
precedented. The House must remember that
when a former committee discharged its duty, and
had procured evidence enough to justiiy jts con-
clusions, there it stopped. If they had not evi-
dence enough to satisfy them they would have
gone further. If the gentleman from Tennessee
had been a member of that committee, and a ma-
jority of the committee had entertained unfriendly
\iews of the case upon the evidence taken, the
committee might have gone on to take more; but
they did what every reasonable committee would
do—they stopped when they had enough to sat-
isfy their own minds And now for another
court—for the Committee on Expenditures in the
Navy Department stands, as to this case, in the
position of another court—to reopen the case of
the former committee, to the extent of taking their
evidence where they left it, and proceeding to form
their own judgment upon it, is as unjust as it
would be when a judge,m decidingacase, stopped
the case when his own mind was satisfied, for
another judge subsequently to say: " I will take
up the case where my predecessor left it, and I
will not obtain or bear even tiie additional testi-
mony which my predecessor would, perhaps,
easily have procured if his own doubts had not
already been removed."
It is a very common proceeding m a eouit of
justice for a judge inclining to one side of a ques-
tion to say to the counsel retained on that side,
££ you need not argue the case. I will hear coun-
sel upon the other side.55 And when he has heard
counsel upon the other side, he decides the ques-
tion. Now, if another judge should undertake
to reopen the case without authority, and to hear
nothing but the fragment of the argument ad-
dressed by the counsel who had been stopped by
his predecessor,everybody would exclaim against
the absurdityVnd the injustice of the pioceedmg.
But that is precisely what is sought to be done
here. This committee, acting only upon evidence
