2002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
Davis, Dooliltle, Douglas, Durkee, Fitch, Fitzpatrlck,
Green, Grimes, Gwin, Hale, Hammond, Johnson of Ark-
ansas, Latham, Nicholson, Polk, Pugh, Rice, Sebastian,
Seward, Shdcll, WigfaJI, and Wilkinson—27.
NAYfcS—Messrs. Anthony, Bragg, Cameron, Chandler,
Clark, Chiiginan, Collatner, Dixon, Foot, Foster, Hamlin,
Harlan, Hemphill, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Tennessee,
King, Mason, Powell, Sinnnons, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Toombs, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—26.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GREEN. I now renew my proposition.
I think it should he added to the second section.
It is this: that if those who occupy the lands at
the end of two years are not able to pay for the
whole to which the preemption applies, they shall
have the privilege of taking forty, eighty, one
hundred and twenty, or one hundred and sixty
acres, according to their ability to pay.
Mr. PUGH. That is already in the bill.
Mr. GREEN. No; it is not in the bill. It
ought to be there.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chairdoes
not understand the amendment which the Senator
from Missouri proposes.
Mr. GREEN. I will state it again. It is not
in the bill. I ihink it is to be added to the sec-
ond section.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas/1 Here is the
amendment to which I expect the Senator from
Missouri refers, and which has been adopted.
Shall I read it to the Senator?
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir.
'Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The amend-
ment that has already been adopted is to the sixth
section. If I understand the Senator from Mis-
souri correctly, the amendment which he proposes
is already embraced by the amendment presented
by the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown.]
That amendment was to strike out the words in
the second hue of the sixth section " to make more
than one entry, "and to insert in 1 teu thereof " that
no individual shall be permitted to enter inure than
one quarter section or fractional quarter section,
and that in a compact body, but entries may be
made at differenL times;" meaning thereby to
allow them to take forty, eighty, or one hundred
and twenty acres after they complete the entry.
Mr. GREEN. That does not cover the point.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I thought, per-
haps, that it did.
Mr. GREEN. Make it so as to cover the point,
nnd 1 will be satisfied.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I would be glad
to do so; because 1 think there is no objection to
the Senator's idea at all.
Mr. GREEN. I agree with the Senator ex-
actly; but that amendment lias reference to an-
other question.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I do not sec
exaetlyiiow to make the amendment the Senator
proposes. The Senator can do that better than I
can.
Mr. GREEN. Then I propose to amend the
bill, by adding something like this:
Provided, however, That it' any pieemptor fhall not pay for
the whole ot his pieemption claim, he shall have such
amount of land, loitv, eighty, or one hundred and twenty
atas he may pay toi, according to e.UMing laws.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Scn-
atoi indicate the place in the bill where the amend-
ment applies ?
Mr. GREEN. I think it should be added to
the second section; but 1 am not certain. It may
be to the sixth. I talked to the chairman of the
committee who reported the bill, and I think it
should be added to the second section.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I think the
provision which the Senator suggests is a good
one, and ought to be adopted. It can be adopted
as a proviso to any section, if he will only frame
it in the way he suggests.
Mr. GREEN. Very well; 1 have no objection
to any scction.
Mr, JOHNSON, of AH cansas. I sec no ob-
jection to the amendment at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator from Missouri be good enough to reduce his
amendment to writing?
Mr. FITCH. While the gentleman ia prepar-
ing his amendment, I ask a favor, which will not
consume two minutes. There is pending a bill
introduced by the Senator from New York [Mr.
Seward] for the admission of Kansas. The ques-
tion before the Senate is on its reference to the
Committee on Territories. I have an amendment
which, at the proper time, I propose to move t«
that bill. I ask that the amendment may be
printed, and that the same question apply to that
which applies to the bill—that is, the question of
reference to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the Senator have the
kindftess to state the effect of his proposition ?
Mr. FITCH. The effect simply is to create a
judicial district in that State, and transfer pend-
ing suits to the Federal courts of that State, or
the courts under the State, which are now pend-
ing in the Territories.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By common
consent, it will be entertained and received.
Mr. WADE. -It cannot be received by com-
mon consent if I object; and I certainly do.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection being
made, it is not in order while this bill is under
consideration.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. WADE. I hope not.
Mr. TRUMBULL and Mr. WADE called for
the yeas and nays, and they were ordered; and
being taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 40; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—3\Iessrs. Bragg, Brown, Chesnut, Clingrnan, Da-
vis, Hammond, Hunter, Iverson, Mason, Powell, Sauls-
bury, Toombs, Wiglall, and Yulee—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthonv, Jiigler, Bingham, Bright,
Camciou, Chandler, Clark, Clay, Doohttle, Douglas, Dur-
kee, Fitch, Fitzpamek, Foot, Foster, Green, Grimes,Gwin,
Hamlin, Jlarlan, Hemphill, Johnson of Aikan^as, Johnson
of Tennessee, King, Lane, .Latham, N'lehol^ou, Polk, Pugh,
Hico, Sebastian, Scwaid, ^tmiaons, Wlidcll, Sumner, Ten
Eyek, Tiumbuli, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—40.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. GREEN. 1 now present my amendment,
to come in as a proviso at the end of the seventh
section of the Senate bill, to insert at the end of
that section:
Provided J mthcr, Tiiatany claimant under the preemp-
tion laws may take Irs., than one hundted and sixty acres
by legal subdivision.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will merely
say that that amendment ought to bo adopted, it
ought always to have existed as the law. When
you allow a man to enter one hundred and sixty
acres it is ridiculous to say that he shall not enter
less.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILKINSON". I wish to offer an amend-
ment to the first section. I move, m the eighth
and ninth lines of that section, to strike out the
word?* " and after the same shall have been sur-
veyed and become subject to private entry,** and
insert in hou thereof:
Upon which .■said person's may have filed a preemption
claim, or winch mav, at the tune application is mndo, be
Mihjcct to piecmpfion.at $-1 23 per acre, or lc«s; oroiehty
acres o! micIi uii.ippiopiKited lands, at.^2 .">0 per acie, to be
located in a body, "> conform ity with the legal subdivisions
of the public land:?, alter the same shall have been sur-
veyed.
So that it will read :
In conformity with legal subdivisions of the public lands
upon which said persons may have filed a preemption
claim, or which may, at the time application is made, be
subject to preemption, at ,$'1 25 per acre, or less; or eighty
acres of such unappropii.ited laiuH at .^2 50 per acre, to be
located in a body, in conformity with the legal iiibdivmon-j
of the public land5?, and alter the same bhall have been
Mirveycd, ami become subject to puvate entry upon the
following condition-, &c.
The object of this amendment, Mr. President,
is to extend the provisions of this bill to lands
which arc not subject to private entry. In the
State of Minnesota there are no lands subject now
to private entry. None of them have been offered
for saie, with very slight exception. There was
a small quantity of land in our State offered for
sale at one time, and all purchased. There arc,
probably, but vry few tracts of land that would
be worth entry, at any price whatever. The
amendment which I have offered is substantially
the same as that embodied in the House bill.
Mr. FITZPATRIC1C. I voted against an ad-
journment a few moments ago, under the belief
that we were about to reach a vote. I am satis-
lied that it is out of the question to get a vote to-
night. We are now an hour beyond the usual
hour of adjournment. This is an important
amendment that has just been offered, and should
require the consideration of the body before adop-
tion. I therefore move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
"Mr. WADE. I hope not.
Air. HALE. The question is not debatable.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes thirteen, noes not counted.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I must say, I
exceedingly regret that the Senator from Minne-
sota has introduced-this amendment. If the Sen-
ator is a sincere friend of the measure, and wishes
something to be done—which certainly is done by
this bill—in behalf of the people for whom he
seems to be laboring all the while, he certainly
would not wish to throw in new points of contcst
here which cannot be settled under hours of debate.
The questions which he raises here, and more
particularly the one in relation to lands at $2 50
an acre, have bem rejected once already, as has
been well said, in the House bill. That feature
was one of the strong objections to that bill. This
thing of opening those expressly reserved lands,
now held at $2 50, to entries ofthis character can
only be done at the expense of good faith in re-
gard to our past votes making grants to railroads,
which raised the price of those lands to $2 50 an
acre. The bringing in of this question upon this
bill now makes it morally certain that we shall
adjourn, and the Lord knows when we shall get
the bill up again and dispose of it. It involves a
question which we cannot hope to pass. I know
that I cannot vote for it. I know there are many
who are sincerely friendly to the bill who cannot
vote for this proposition. As far as the other
points contained in the amendmcntarc concerned,
I sincerely believe they are already distinctly pro-
vided for in the bill.
1 hope the Senator will not thrust this subject
upon the bill. Those lands that stand at §2 50
an acre in consequence of grants already made to
the States in the shape of alternate sections, cannot
be approached now or seized upon m this kind of
way with fair dealing and fair faith to our own
votes; not to his, because he was not here; but to
those of us who were present at preceding sessions, ,
who have preachcd to those who were then mem-
bers of this Senate and members of the House,
and to the people of the whole United States, that
we were giving them n consideration in the in-
creased price of the alternate sections for the other
sections which they conferred upon us. The sub-
ject underwent a long and minute debate, and it
was given up unanimously m committee; and I
trust that it will not be thrust upon us here in this
way, unless it is intended earnestly and leally as
a blow at the bill. If it is so intended, I have no
protest to make. I do not think the Senator means
it in that direction. Under these circumstances,
we can pass the bill now, if this proposition is not
pressed; but one more motion to adjourn will
probably adjourn the Senate. T hope the Senator
will consent to take what he can get, and let the
bill stand as it is.
Mr. HALE. I want to appeal to the Senator
from Minnesota—for 1 have not said a word on
this bill—to know if these two propositions can-
not be separated. I am in favor oi passing the
bill in such a way as that where these lands have
been surveyed, but not offered for public sale, they
may be subject to the provisions of this bill. I
think that that proposition ought to be separated
from the other, which relates to the reserved sec-
tions on the grants to railroads. I ask the Sena-
tor—as I shall vote for the bill, and probably vote
for the amendment thus far—if these two resolu-
tions cannot be separated; fori think some would
vote for the one that would be inclined to vote
against the other.
Mr. WILKINSON. The provisions of this
amendment are contained m the bill as it passed
the House of Representatives. As a represent-
ative of the State of Minnesota, I could do no less
than to offer that amendment. A few years ago,
when this lailroad mama and land speculation
seized and crazed the brains: of the entire people
almost, there was a bill passed through Congress
appropriating nearly seven million acres of land
to the State of Minnesota 
Mr. RICE. Four million.
Mr. WILKINSON. My colleague says four
million. I do not know, and I do not suppose
any mortal man knows cxactly how many.
Mr. GREEN. Throe million.
Mr. WILKINSON. More than three million.
Mr. GREEN. Three million eight hundred
thousand,
Mr. WADE. These amendments are all un-
derstood. I wish to have a vote upon them. I
am afraid we shall adjourn without finishing the
bill
Mr. WILKINSON. I will not take five min-
