1058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
whether or not they would have slavery. You
were not willing to do that in 1820, because then
it would have applied to a slave Territory, where
the people were all for slave institutions, and you
interfered and made a geographical line. In 1850,
when the Territory was inhabited by people op-
posed to slavery, you refused the geographical line,
and fell back on the will of the people; and then
when, in 1854, we said, "We will carry out the
principle you have adopted in 1850," you said,
"No; we will go back to the geographical line,
becauseitnow suits us again;" and the honorable
Senator from V ermont tells us that to-day. When-
ever a Territory question arises, it is 18 be decided
exactly in accordance with your wishes and with
your interests, and entirely independent of prece-
dent or of principle.
Sir, the Senator from Vermont asks, if that line
was Unconstitutional, going back to the western
boundaries of the Louisiana purchase, if it would
become constitutional by being extended to the
Pacific ocean ? Well, sir, the question is a witty
one, and that is all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Can you answer it?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Certainly; I could not but
answer it immediately. The question is a witty
one, and that is all. The property which was
acquired from France, and the other property ac-
quired west since, was not acquired by virtue of
any express provision of the Constitution; and
therefore it was that the South has always said,
and still maintains, that there is nothing in the
principles of the Constitution of the United States
that vested in Congress, as a Congress, the power
to pass that compromise line, and to say to the
people of the South, "You shall not, north' of
that line, enter with your slaves or acquire any
interest m the Territory." But, sir, it was well
understood at the time the act was passed, that it
was a compromise of our respective rights in the
Territory, and that we were willing to abide by
the principle contained in the compromise; and
consequently, if the compromise thus made, with-
out due form of law, and without express author-
ity of the Constitution, and therefore not binding
under the Constitution, had been carried out in
its«principle justly and fairly, as far wost as the
Pacificocean,then all portions of the Confederacy,
bound by the compact thus made between them,
would have observed it, not because it wasacon-
stitutional enactment, which Congress had the
right to make, but because it was a compact bind-
ing upon the good faith of all the members of the
Confederacy. Unconstitutional it was in this
sense, that there was no express grant of power
in the Constitution to make it. Unconstitutional
it was as a law enacted through the authority in-
herent irt Congress; but pdrfcetly'bindlng upon
the conscience and good faith of the nation as a
compact or compromise. It was as a compact or
compromise alone that it ever had validity, was
ever treated by anybody as having validity, and
consequently, if you had carried out that princi-
ple on which the compact was based, if you had
gone on ii,L the spirit which the Senator from Ver-
mont invokes to-day, if indeed your Republican
party and the Representatives of the northern
sentiment had desired nothing but that fair divis-
ion of the common Territory of the country,
which would do equal and exact justice to both
sections of the Confederacy, then'allthis trouble,
this noise, and this clamor that patriots deplore
to-day could never have arisen. Urgent were the
appeals made on this floor to carry that compro-
mise line to the western waters, and forever to put
an end to the slavery agitation; but no. It was a
good line when the Territory was all inhabited
by slaveholders; it ceased to bo a proper and cor-
rect line when applied to a Territory where the
people had abandoned the institution of slavery,
and had no slaves which might induce them to
vote for the establishment of it!
Therefore, sir, it is that I say that the South
has been right through the whole of this contro-
versy. Its action has been loyal, frank, liberal,
and generous. Yours has been exacting, aggres-
sive, tyrannical, and despotic. You have not
cared for your precedents; you have varied your
course of conducttosuityour own interests, with-
out regard to principle; and I have no doubt that
you justify it to yourselves, all of you, upon the
old ground that " the earth is the Lord's, and the
fullness thereof, and that we are the people of the
Lord, and therefore entitled to the earth." It is
the old ground upon which New England was
taken from the Indians. l?erhaps it xs just as
good a title to take our territory from us, as there
was originally to take from the Indians theirs.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President—
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am nbt through yet.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I thought you were; I
beg pardon".
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator from Vermont
says, further, that the Republican party desires
only to restore the Missouri compromise line,,
which was obliterated by want of faith on the
part of the South. He says if we will only agree
to the restoration of that line, all angry passions
'will be quelled, the people of the country will be
contented and happy. I want to know upon
what ground it is that the Senator from Vermont
makes the assertion that that is all the Republican
party wants or <|gsircs. If I have read aright the
platform t)f that party, it has inscribed upon it
this principle: that there never again shall be ad-
mitted a slave State into the Union.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You have notread it right;
that is all.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think 
Mr. WIG-FALL. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) Does the Senator from
Louisiana yield the floor?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think I had better stop.
[" Go on!" " Go on!"] I say I should like to
inquire of the honorable' Senator from Vermont
where he gets the authority to make that as the
declaration of the principles and platform of the
Republican party. 1 have again and again read
that platform, and I understand from it nothing
but this: that the party is organized on a basis of
irreconcilable hostility to slavery, which it places
upon the same footing as polygamy, and which,
with polygamy, it calls ''twin relics of barbarism."
I understand that platform to declare that theie
shall never again be a slave State in the Union.
If I am mistaken in that, I must confess that the
language is so ambiguous that I have been unable
to comprehend it. I have not read it within a
day or two; but that is the impression remaining
firmly fixed on my mind.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is to exclude slavery from
all the Territories.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Well, then, how can there be
a slave State ? Of course that is the merest quibble
on earth, if that is what is meant. It is that there
shall never again be any Territory in which sla-
very shall exist, and of consequence, that when
the Territories are incorporated into the Union,
they shall be incorporated as free States only.
There can be no other deductions drawn from a
proposition stated in those terms.
But, sir, I go further; and I want to know who
are the proper exponents of the northern party
on this subject; whether it be the honorable Sena-
tor from Vermont, who only wants peace between
brethren, that one shall go to the one side of the
line and the other to the other, or the honorable
Senator from New York, [Mr. Seward,] who
has attentively read the Helper book and consid-
ers it a book of great merit. The honorable Sena-
tor from Vermont, who is an honor to the party
to which he belongs, still, I believe, is not consid-
ered as its foremost leader. That post is assigned,
by common consent, to the honorable Senator
from New York, who says just the reverse of
what he does. And if we look to the action of this
party in its State convention, if we look to the
authoritative declaration of its leaders, we cannot
mistake the purpose to be to return to what the
Senator from Vermont, himself, has said to-day
to have been the policy of the fathers; that is, to
liom in and smoke out slavery; and the Senator
from Vermont wants the experiment tried. He
thinks it is not trird yet. He says that the fathers
supposed that if we did not get more expansion
to slavery it would die out, and he wants to try
that. He thinks that seventy years of experience;
he thinks that a multiplication and increase in the
number of slaves, by which they are now over
four million, instead of four hundred thousand;
he thinks that a rapidity of multiplication, un-
paralleled with any other nation on the face of the
earth, and that, too, continued in almost geomet-
rical ratio for three fourths of a century, is not
yet enough of a trial; it is still an experiment;
and he wants to go on experimenting, to see if
slavery will die out ofitself m the southern States;
and yet, in a very few moments after, he said the
two systems of States would exist together for
some time, and, for aught he knew, for centuries
to come. There was an inconsistency in the re-
marks of the honorable Senator from Vermont,
which I pay no particular attention to, because
it is impossible to discuss this question, on his
side, without falling into inconsistencies. From
the very nature of the subject, it is not possible
that it should be otherwise.
Now, sir, a few words about these personal-
liberty laws. Mr. President, I had supposed
that, if there was a Senator in this Chamber, dif-
fering from me in political principles, who would
give a fair and candid interpretation to the laws
passed by the northern States on this subject, it
was the honorable Senator from Vermont who has
just closed his speech. I thought that Senator
would have risen in his seat and said, " It is true
w.e have passed these laws; it is true that their
every word and every line breathes their intent
in unmistakable terms; it is true that their spirit
is patent to deprive you of your rights to your
fugitive slaves; this is all wrong; it has been
done in a spirit of mad fanaticism, at a time of
extreme party violence; we will undertake to re-
form all that; we admit the wrong; the proper
mode of remedying it is not, as you are doing,
threatening to leave the Union, but appealing to
our sense of justice and brotherly kindness; we
will correct the evil; give conservative men time
to do so." Not so, sir; not so. That honorable
Senator, following the lead of the Senator from
Connecticut, [Mr. Foster,] and the lead of the
Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle,] and
of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] who spoke
yesterday, and every other Senator on that side of
the Chamber that I have heard speak on that sub-
ject, undertakes to defend those laws by affecting
—is that courteous to say so, I will change the
word—by asserting that they are passed to pre-
vent their free citizens from being kidnapped, to
1 protect the liberty of their free citizens. Well,
now, Mr. President, there might be something in
that assertion if honorable Senators had brought
forward a solitary case in which that legislation
had ever become necessary at the North; if they
had found a case in which freemen of the North
have been kidnapped and carried South, and re-
tamed there in slavery.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There was one case, where
a citizen of Pennsylvania was taken to one of the
slaveholding States, and released when he got
there. They said he was the wrong man.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Exactly. My question
was, point me to a case where a freeman was
taken as a fugitive slave, and carried to a slave
State and retained there as a slave ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That makes no differ-
ence. He was kidnapped originally.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I did not say that a man
cannot be kidnapped, any more than that a man
cannot be murdered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is what we want to
prevent.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I say your laws were never
passed for any such thing, and the civilized world
will bear me out in the assertion. They were
never passed for any such purpose; and on their
face, and in every line ar.d word of them, they
bear the impress of the object and purpose for
which they were passed. It was to prevent the
South from reclaiming its fugitive slaves. Again
and again does that appear on the face of the laws.
The honorable Senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
Foster,] with whom I passed a few words the
other day on this same subject, asserted that I
had not given the proper construction to the Con-
necticut law. Somebody in Connecticut has sent
me, within a day or two, a newspaper, in which
the editor expressed his astonishment at the de-
nial of the honorable Senator from Connecticut,
who, according to the newspaper statement, was
the Speaker of the House of Representatives of
that State at the time the law was passed; the
editor stating that it was known to every man m
Connecticut what the object of the law was, and
he was astounded to hear it denied.
Mr. FOSTER. Will the honorable Senator
allow me ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Certainly.
Mr. FOSTER. The statement which the hon-
orable Senator makes on the authority of a news-
paper I can assure him is not true. There is not
