1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
reported to another House, undertakes to form an
opinion adverse to the conclusion to which that
committee had arrived, and which that committee
had reported to the House, although if that com-
mittee had not arrived at that conclusion, the prob-
ability is that they would have gone on with more
evidence to renmve all possible doubt from the
mind of the most skeptical. This committee had
n.o evidence before them at all. They had nolh-
ing but printed documents. They had no authority
to summon a single witness examined by the last
Congress. In reading the papers from which
alone they obtained their information, they were
but reading public documents, and they had as
much authority to read a history, or a newspaper,
as to read those documents as evidence upon
which this House could come to a conclusion con-
demnatory of the official acts of a public officer.
For these reasons, I hold that such a course
would be setting a most dangerous precedent, and
it is in that point of view that I regard this case as
most important. It would be a dango,rous prece-
dent, and certainly a mischievous one, for the pres-
ent Congress to receive the evidence reported to
another, and make it the foundation of a solemn
procedure like this, when this Congress has no
control over thecommitteebywhichthatevidence
Was taken and reported. You may, if you please,
revive the investigation. You may order a reex-
amination of the witnesses; but no su^h order has
been made by this House. We have given them
np such power, and we have not even referred to
them the printed papers which they have treated
as evidence.
The committee then have come to their con-
clusions upon nothing but a document to be found
in the collection of printed documents, and they
would not have found it there but for the policy
of the House in taking care of its public archives.
1 therefore protest against the proceedings, with-
out going at all into the merits of the questions
involvediti the resolutions. Gentlemen may call
it a plea to the jurisdiction; but it is a protest
against the authority of the House to arraign any
public agent and condemn him upon mere histor-
ical evidence. The President and Secretary have
had no opportunity to defend themselves before
this committee. They had the opportunity of
making such explanations and sending such evi-
dence as they desiied, before the last committee,
and they availed themselves of it, and were ab-
solved by that committee. Now they are sought
to be condemned after having been deliberately
absolved from censure before the only body which
has had their official conduct properly under con-
sideration.
I did not intend to go into any observations
uppn the resolutions themselves, and 1 will only
say that that relating to the navy-yards docs not
affect me nor my constituents in the remotest de-
gree. Although I represent a district in which
there is a navy-yaid, neither my connection with
any patronage at the navy-yard, nor any alleged
abuse at the navy-yaid 1 represent, has been at
all connected with this inquiry.
ENROLLED BILL. /
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled, an act/tl.
E. No. 220) for the relief of xYnson Dart; yplien
the Speaker signed the same. . /
NAVAL CONTRACTS AGAIN.
Mr. HATTON. The purpose, Mr. Speaker,
of most of what we have heard fiom the Admin-
istration bell' lies upon the subject before us, has
been to show thai this House, whatever may have
been the conduct of the President or his Secrcta^
of the Navy, can give no expression of disappro-
bation of either, without being guilty of an in-
fringement upon executive prerogative. The hon-
orable Secretary of the Navy himself modestly
says as much, in his < ommumcation addressed to
me, two days since, which has been printed by
order of the House, and handed to members this
morning.
Now, sir, 1 will have no argument with the
Secretary, nor with those who are of counsel for
him, upon this nicely-drawn plea in abatement
to the jurisdiction of this House. I am hot to be
diverted from the legitimate subject of discussion
by this " tub to the whale."
That we possess the constitutional power to
adopt these resolutions I have no doubt. The
Committee of this House upon the Judiciary, at
the present session, have considered this question,
and have so decided; and the House, by an over-
whelming majority—amajoritycomposedofmem-
bers of all parties represented here—indorsed their
decision. - ,
That the existence of such a power should be
denied to this body, will be, to those versed in
legislative history and constitutional law, mat-
ter of much surprise. It' is a power which the
legislative assemblies of monarchical, and even
semi-despotic Governments have not hesitated to
exercise in reference to their highest executive
functionaries. And in this free Government of
ours, a characterizing feature of which is the strict
accountability to the people to which public offi-
cers are intended to be held, shall this power in us,
their immediate representatives, be questioned?
The Secretary of the Navy—a Secretary at the
head of a Department "from all the avenues of
which," according to high Democratic authority,
"proceeds an insufferable stench"—a Secretary
at the head of a Department in which it is con-
ceded, by men of all parties upon this floor, there
is the greatest misrule and corruption—that Secre-
tary gravely announces to this House, 111 a com-
munication to the chairman of one of its commit-
tees, that if you attempt to exercise this power,
by an expression of your disapprobation, youin-
fringeupon the high prerogatives of the executive
department of the Government!
Mr. Speaker, we are called upon to vote millions
of dollars each session of Congress to be expended
in this Department; and when we have examined
into the manner of its expenditure, and would
express ail opinion to the country as to whether
it was done properly or not, we are met by a pro-
test from ihe Seeietary, denying to us the power,
and reading to us a lecture for an attempt at its
usurpation, and impertinently reminding us of
our oaths of offiee, which he would intimate we
are in danger of violating. That we have power
to impeach him, the honorable Secretary gra-
ciously informs lis; but assumes we have no such
intention. His assumption is without authority.
We determine our own action without consulting
the Secretary; choosing our own mode of pro-
cedure, feeling assured, if we lutve the power to
impeach and put upon trial, we possess the lesser
power to censure. Sir, does not the same power
which authorizes me, as an individual memberof
this body, to express my opinion, whether of
censure or commendation, of the Secretary, en-
able the members of the House to record their
united judgment upon his acts? Does not the ar-
gument which denies the power to the House, seal
my hps, and render any declaiation of opinion on
my part, as a Representative, an infraction of the
Secretaiy's high prerogatives? How long will it
be, sir, before we will be receiving from the heads
of Departments communications instructing us as
to the extent tliL'y will permit us to speak of their
public acts, and warning us, upon the penalty of
theirdispleusure, against transcending the limits
they may assign to us?
1 desne to lefer to the authority cited by the
honorable gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bocock]
ill support of the position of the Secretary—the
protest message which Genera! Jackson addressed
to the Senate of the United States in the year
1834, when certain resolutions were passed by that
body reflecting upon his official conduct. Now,
sii, I submit to that gentleman that lie has mis-
conceived the position assumed by President Jack-
son in that message. 1 have sent for it, and have
it before me; and so far from denying this power
to this House, he concedes it He says:
'■Ills conduct [thePicMdiMitV) may coine umlerrevimv in
eitliei btancil ot the I.egi^hiuirt'." and •' bo lai as tiio exec
utive or legislative pioeeedni^ of these bodies may reiiillic
it, it may be examined by them."
Yet, as in the event of an impeachment, the
members of the Senate were to constitute his
judges, he objected to a prejudgment of the case
'by their adoption of a resolution of censure, de-
claim" that " the Constitution made the House of
Representatives the exclusive judges, m the first in-
stance, of the question whether the President had
committed an impeachable offense." So much,
Mr. Speaker, for this, the only authority relied on
by the gentleman.
Not to prolong this argument, which I intended
to have passed over more briefly when I rose, 1
will suggest to the gentleman that" the three great
men"—Clay, Calhoun, and Webster—were all
decided in their opinion, that not onlyxhisHouse,
but also the Senate, possessed the power in ques-
tion. That such was their belief, they evidenced.
to the country in the most solemn manner, by a
united vote in the Senate, on the 28th March, 1834.
These wise men thought we had the power. Gen-
eral Jackson conceded it. I am ready to exercise
it. If in error, my responsibility is to jny con-
stituents. I owe it to them to perform fearlessly
the duties they commissioned me to discharge,
and amongst the most important of these duties,
I recognize that of detecting and exposing to the
country the frauds and the corruptions of those
in power. No protest from the Secretary shall deter
me.
The real question before us is, have the Presi-
dent and Secretary done wrong; and if so, should
we not say so by the adoption of these resolu-
tions ? Would their adoption do injustice to these
officials? If so, we should, as honorable men, stop
right here. I would scorn myself, and feel that I
was unworthy the association of gentlemen, if I
were capable, through party prejudice, of doing
any man injustice, whether he be the President
or his lowest menial. I would no less despise my-
self if I should shrink from the performance of a
duty I owe to those whom I represent, because it
involved an exposure and condemnation of the
President and a Cabinet officer. I say to honor-
able gentlemen of all parties, " You have to vote
on these resolutions, if you do not leave your
scats and go from the Hall; you have towote
' ay' or ' no;' and it is due to yourselves and due
to the officials involved, that you should compre-
hend the facts on which you are called to pass."
Are the allegations in the resolutions true orfalse?
I announced the other day, to the honorable and
distinguished gentleman from Virginia, that I was
perfectly willing, in any argument we might have
upon these resolutions, to con/me myself strictly to
the facts set forth in his own report, to sustain every
position I should assume. This is certainly as
much as lie and his party friends could ask. The
statements of facts are much fuller in my own re-
port; still, that there may be no ground for com-
plaint, I shall not refer to it, but confine myself to
that of the gentleman from Virginia; and, in view
of the facts set forth in that report, I challenge him
to vote against these resolutions.
The fact charged in the first resolution is, " that
the Secretary of the Navy, with the sanction of
the President, abused his discretionary power in
the selection of a coal agent, and in the purchase
of fuel for the Government." The law under
which this agency is created requires the Secre-
tary of the Navy to make the appointment. It
gives no such power to the President. Who made
the appointment of Dr. Hunter? The President
of the United States made it—and why ? Because,
as the Secretary of the Navy said, it was a Penn-
sylvania appointment, and because Dr. Hunter
was recommended as "asound, active, and influ-
ential Demociat." The Secretary of the Navy
not so jealous as now of his prerogatives, surren-
dered his power of appointment into the hands of
the President in order that he might reward a po-
litical partisan. Is that, or is it not, an abuse of
discretion? I submit that it is. And who was
Dr. Hunter, the man thus appointed? The gen-
tleman from Virginia said that there was, in the
hands of the Secretary of the Navy and of the
President, evidence that this man Hunter was
"eminently qualified for the position." He is
mistaken. There was no such evidence before
the President. There was a certificate contain-
ing this phraseology I have quoted, and saying
he was competent, and that his appointment
would be highly gratifying to the Democracy of
his county. This certificate was signed,amongst
others, by one who was to be a partner with Dr.
Hunter if he got the contract. And that he was
to be a partner was known to the President and
Secretary of the Navy. That is the character of
Dr. Hunter's recommendation.
Now, Mr. Speaker, we have shown that the
Secretary violated his trust, in surrendering to the
President the power to make this appointment,
which the law required him to make. We have
shown the grounds upon which he was appointed.
The next question is, was it a proper and Jit ap-
pointment to be made ? Let the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Bocock] answer. He, in his re-
port, says that Hunter, who was then, and is
still, a practicing physician in Reading, Pennsyl-
