1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
permit me to make a brief statement ? I have no
recollection of any such resolution as that to
which he refers; but I think I recollect a resolu-
tion of inquiry proposed by the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] nvJanuary, 1856,
in which he called upon the Present of the Uni-
ted States for general information upon the sub-
ject of the Kansas troubles, and more particu-
larly in relation to the marching of armed bodies
of men from Missouri into that Territory- I do
not think that the seizure of the arms at "the Lib-
erty arsenal was mentioned specifically in that
resolution, but I think it was covered by the gen-
eral language of the resolution. That resolution
was debated in the Senate from an early day in
January, when it was introduced, until very near
or quite the middle of August. I think the last
remarks made 011 the subject were made by the
Senator from Illinois; and I know that, 011 his
motion, the subject was postponed, and was never
again ashed to be taken up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 shall not push that sub-
ject at this moment. As a matter of course, my
recollection is general, that a resolution was
passed, general in its character, but which would
have embraced such information as would have
communicated the facts in regard to this arsenal.
1 will not undertake to give the precise character
of the resolution without a reference to it.
Mr. DAVIS. I will say to the Senator that
the correspondence is still 011 the files. If he
wants it, he can get it by resolution yet. I will
vote for his resolution. I will aid him in prepar-
ing it, for ho cannot get the information in the
manner he supposes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, when the
interruption took place, I was proceeding to make
some remarks in reply to the Senator from South
Carolina in regard to this charge of inequality and
injustice to the southern States. We deny thai
there is any disposition in any poi tion of the
North to treat the South as unequals in this com-
mon Confederacy.
Having shown that to some extent, I wish to
come back, andinquire of the Senatorfrom South
Carolina, and his associates, what is the meaning
of the resolutions adopted in the southern States,
and of the speeches made by prominent men in
the southern States, in which they declare that
in case a certain individual is elected President of
these United States, in a constitutional way, or,
in case the Republican party elect a President of
the United States, that they will take steps for
the formation of a southern Confederacy and the
dissolving of this Union and the breaking up of
this Government. Is not that treating us as un-
equals? What do yon mean by it? You come
into the Senate of the United States, and charge
the North with acting unequally and unjustly
towards you; and yet you say to the North," al-
though we have united together m a common
Confederacy, m which we have agreed that the
Chief Magistrate shall be elected in a particular
way, and by a majority expressed m the consti-
tutional form; yet, if you so elect a man, we will
break up the Government!" What is that, but
saying, "we are your superiors; and your ma-
jority shall submit to what the minority think
proper to dictate?"
Mr. CHESNUT. Does the Senator desire an
answer now?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. CHESNUT. I will simply state, so far
as it is within my knowledge, what I believe to
be the meaning of that declaration. It is not
charging the Noith with inferioiity. The decla-
rations having been made by those who enter-
tain them, 1 presume go upon the ground of a
distinct, unmistakable, clear enunciation of prin-
ciples—principles which subvert tie: Constitution
of the United Suites, the rights and equality of
the States, and which are held up in advance to
us that " this will be our programme; this will be
the course of action that we will pursue, and we
notify you in advance." Now, sir, what is that
programme ? What have they announced to us
as the "irrepressible conflict?" Docs the Sena-
tor suppose that when the distinguished leader of
that party announced to the world that the wheat-
fields and the rye-fields of Massachusetts and
New York must ultimately be tilled by slave
labor, that he meant any such thing; that he sup-
posed for a moment that that was to be the result
of this " irrepressible conflict?" No, sir; but the
other branch of the alternative—that the sugar
plantations of Louisiana and the cotton and rice
plantations of South Carolina shall be tilled by
free labor, and by free labor only. That is a
declaration of war.
It is a declaration against the rights of the peo-
ple, secured by the compact and the Constitution
of the country, and we are forewarned. Not-
withstanding this may be a constitutional election,
that a majority, according to the prescribed forms
of the Constitution, have a right to elect, and the
election is valid; yet, rather than submit to a fate
forewarned, they who think so give timely notice
that they do not intend to submit to it. Ifis a deg-
radation by a proclamation in advance, to be met
by a counier-proclamation, without touching the
inferiority of the northern States at all. Sir, it is
not the men,it is not the party, it is notthe States;
but it is the principle that" we subjugate you; give
us the reins of power and we will place you at our
feet; we will take from you what you have,
quietly if you will yield, forcibly if you do not;
and we will hold you under the power of this Fed-
eral Government, subject to the domination of a
party whose principles are in violation,'' accord-
ing to our judgment, •' of the letter and spint of
the Constitution." That, I presume, is the mean-
ing of those who profess that sentiment.
Mr. GWIN. Will the Senator from Illinois
give way to a motion to adjourn?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I prefer replying to these
last remarks now.
Mr. President, it is just such speeches as those
we have listened to from the Senator from South
Carolina, based upon a misrepresentation of the
Republican party of the North, made by the re-
mains of the Democratic party of the North, that
has misled the South. The North intends no
encroachment upon the South. The Republican
party is a party, 111 its principles, public and
avowed to the world, and it is because of the mis-
representation of the objects and views of that
party that the prejudices of the South have been
excited against it, and chiefly by the misrepre-
sentations which have been made by this so-called
Democratic party in the North. They choose to
call every person that does not unite with them
an Abolitionist. That is the term they apply. . I
cannot better illustrate the feelings of the North
than by giving a little piece of my own history,
I was born and bred up in the Democratic faith,
acted with the Democratic party, sustained its
measures and its men upon principle when that
party was divided from the Whig party upon
questions of finance, in regard to the commercial
interests of the country, and other great ques-
tions. But, 111 1854, what was done ? I was
one of those who acquiesced in the measures of
1850, and agreed to abide by the settlement then
made. I heard with delight the declaration of
Franklin Pierce, when inaugurated President,
and in his message, that the settlement of 1850
should suffer no shock which lie could prevent
during his administration. I was glad when the
Kansas-Nebraska bill was introduced, accompa-
nied by the report of a committee in this body,
declaring that to repeal the Missouri compro-
mise would be a departure from the measures of
! 1850. It was said that the compromise measures
of 1850 had given peace to the country; tluit the
slavery question was forever afterwards to be
banished from the Halls of Congress, and that
110 man was to be tolerated who should under
any pretence whatever, ill Congress or out of
Congress, attempt to stir up again this exciting
question.
j I, in good faith, supposed that these dcclaiations
j meant something, and therefore when, m 1854,
I notwithstanding these assurances to the country,
| the proposition was sprung upon it to repeal the
i Missouri compromise and open Kansas to sla-
j very, and when the measure was made the test
and the only test of party faith, I did refuse to
\ continue longer with a party which made that the
only test of its political faith. Then it was that tho
old" Democratic party and the Whig party were
broken up. They were both disbanded, and a
new question was thrust upon the country which
had not before been in issue between parties, both
parties having agreed about it. When it was
thrust upon us, and parties and persons took issue
upon the question of the repeal of the Missouri
compromise and the opening of Kansas to sla-
very, I united with that party which took ground
against the repeal of the Missouri compromise,
and in favor of standing by what all parties had
agreed to but four years previous—ay, sir, but
two years previous—when they nominated, their
respective candidates for the Presidency. To call
the party that now calls itself Democratic, the
the successor of the old Democratic party, is a
misnomer.' It is no more the successor of that
party than the Republican party. - The country
seems to have forgotten, ana gentlemen who use
this word " Democratic," as if it had some mean-
ing, at this day, seem to have forgotten, that a
majority of the members of the House of Jtep-
resentatives from the northern States of the Demo-
cratic party voted against tho repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise. It was a minority of tho
Democratic party that favored that measure, and
then it was that these new parties were formed,
composed indiscriminately of persons who had
before belonged either to the Whig or the Demo-
cratic party.
When the Senator from South Carolina attrib-
utes to the Republican pafty of the North the
views which he does here, he entirely misappre-
hends the objects and the views of that party.
They have been reiterated a hundred times. I
wish I had a voice that I could reiterate them so
that every man in the South should hear. I would
say to every man from the Gulf to the Potomac, '
the Republican party plants itself on this slavery
question precisely on the ground upon which your
own Washington and Jefferson stood. We avow
in our platform of principles that we will abide
by the Constitution. We have no intention of
interfering with your domestic institutions; and
when the Senator from South Carolina talks about
tho North interfering with the institutions of the
South, I ask when, where? Never, sir. "Oh!
but you cxcludc vis from the common territory."
Is that an interference with your institutions?
Was it an interference in 1787 ? Was it an inter-
ference in 1789 when your own great men passed
the act to exclude slavery from the Territories?
You did not so regard it. Did those men put a
dishonor upon themselves? We believe that these
Territories are the common property of the United
States, as much as you; we tell you that a man
who has 110 slaves has as much right to go there
as a man who has slaves; that one has just as
much right to settle in tho Territories of the Uni-
ted States as another; but we tell you that no man
can take the institutions of his State along with
him wherever he goes. When ho goes beyond
the jurisdiction of his State and enters some other
jurisdiction, the local laws which governed him
111 the State from whence he emigrated cease to
operate.
The Constitution of the United States has ex-
pressly conferred upon Congress authority to
govern these Territories, and the authority has
always been exercised. It is altogether a mis-
taken notion that any inequality is put upon south-
ern men by refusing to extend slavery into the
Territories. Why, sir, in the southern States, a
majority of your white population are not slave-
holders". Not one in ten, only about one in
twenty of your population own slaves, and if
you will divide them into families, I suppose that
not one family in five in all the southern States
owns a slave." We believe that it is for the inter-
esls of this great country, for the interests of the
people who are to settle our Territories, that they
should lie settled by free white people. What
interest have four families out of five in the south-
ern States in introducing slavery into Kansas,
or into any free territory? Will you tell me that
it is putting a degradation on them because wo
will not allow them to introduce slaves there?
They have none to introduce. They do not
want slavery. Nine out of ten of your white
population in Carolina own no slaves, and atleast
four out of five of the families of that State, I
presume, have no slaves. Is it a degradation
then upon them? Who is it upon ? Why, it is
upon your one-twentieth person; and this legis-
lation to protect the interests of the one-twen-
tieth man is to be brought about in the name of
Democracy. I said a degradation upon the one-
twentieth person. It is no degradation upon him.
It is 110 degradation upon any man. You of the
South, as citizens of this common country, are
as much interested in keeping the Territories free
as we of the North. Most of your people own
no slaves, and, as a matter of course, would pre-
