1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
utes. Five or six of these different lines run
through our territory—five, I think. Congress,
however, I will say, in making these railroad
grants, alternated every alternate section for the
benefit of those railroads. The alternate sections
not appropriated, which were reserved for the
Government, were raised in price to §2 50 an acre.
This amendment merely provides that the parties
may appropriate eighty acres of this land, the
minimum price of which is fixed by these railroad
grants at $2 50 an acre, which is precisely the
same amount in value of one hundred and sixty
acres at §1 35 an acre. The object which I have
in urging this amendment, is to facilitate settle-
ment in my own State. I am sure that,no Sena-
tor would suppose I could do anything less than
this. I do not suppose that any gentleman here
would expect me to do anything else than this.
This amendment contemplates extending to these
parties—the beneficiaries of this bill—the right to
take up eighty acres, the minimum price of which
is 50 per acre, instead of one hundred and sixty
acres at §1 25 per acre, making precisely th'e same
thing, only just taking half the amount of land at
double the price. It seems to me that if the pro-
visions of this bill are to be adopted here, that no
Senator, on the other side at least, will oppose the
provisions of this amendment. In my State it is
of peculiar importance. I hope the amendment
will be adopted.
Mr. HARLAN". I inquire if the amendment
is susceptible of division?
Mr. WILKINSON. I am perfectly willing
that any division shall be made on the question
that is desired.
Mr. SL1DELL. Is a motion to adjourn now
in order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is, sir.
Mr. SLIDELL. I have steadily voted against
an adjournment; but if there is any disposition to
press any new features on this bill, I move to
adjourn. If that amendment is withdrawn, I am
willing to sit here and pass upon the bill finally.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. Presi-
dent 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion to
adjourn is not debatable.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. By permis-
sion of the Senator from Louisiana I wish to say
a word.
Mr. SLIDELL. I withdraw the motion for
the moment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The House
bill, offered by the Senator from Ohio in lieu of
the Senate bill, contained all that there is in the
amendment of the Senator from Minnesota. His
vote is recorded on that question, and it is shown
to his constituents and the country that he stands
for it. Why does he now, at this late hour of
the evening, when many Senators have absented
themselves, offer the same thing to the bill again?
It has been voted down this morning, and rejected
in the amendment offered by the Senator from
Ohio. I appeal to the Senator to withdraw the
amendment, and let us get the vote and get some-
thing; for, if we adjourn this evening without
taking a vote on tins bill, and discussion should
go on to-morrow upon another subject, I ask him
when we shall get it up again?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us vote upon it. We
can vote upon it, if it is not withdrawn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Louisiana withdraw his motion to
adjourn ? f
Mr. SLIDELL. If it is understood that the
amendment is to be voted down, I withdraw the
motion; but not otherwise.
Mr. HAR.LAN. I ask for a division of the
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator from Iowa state what division he wishes of
the question ?
Mr. HARLAN. I understood from the state-
ment of the Senator from Minnesota 
Mr. SLIDELL. If it is debated, I move that
the Senate adjourn.
Mr. HARLAN. I believe I am on the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Iowa is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HARLAN. I understood the Senator
from Minnesota proposed to extend the benefits
of (lie bill to those who may settle on surveyed
lands, which are not subject to sale at private en-
try, and also to lands that have been granted to
2G03
aid in the construction of railroads, which cannot
be sold for less than $2 50 an acre. I am in favor
of the first part and opposed to the second part
of his amendment, and wish to vote for the first
and against the second. As the chairman of the
Committee on Public Lands has voted to amend
the bill in a point-which he regards as beneficial
to his part of the country, I now understand my-
self to be released, and to be at liberty to vote for
amendments; and hence I shall vote for that part
of the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Minnesota.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes thirteen, noes not counted.
Mr. RICE. As a proposition has been made
to divide this amendment, I ask my colleague to
accept ofthe modificationl shallnowoffcr inplaee
of his first proposition; and in doing this, I wish
to make an appeal to this side of the Senate to
accept it. I am sure if they knew that the ques-
tion of lands being brought into market was de-
pendent entirely upon the executive will and not
upon law, they would see the justice of putting
us in Minnesotauponthe same footing with Iowa,
Wisconsin, and the southwestern States; for  c
have lands in our State which were surveyed be-
fore their lands were, that have not been offered
for sale, and theirs were offered. I therefore ask
my colleague to accept for his first proposition
this: in the ninth line of the first section, after the
words " private entry," to insert the \vords "or
preemption." That leaves a division ofthequcs-
tion, so that, afte this vote shall liave been taken,
a vote can then be taken in regard to tlie railroad
lands.
Mr. WILKINSON. I wil' accent that modi-
fication, because I cce that it vill, perhaps, relieve
the question of son.e embarrassment md some
opposition that n'u.y arise.
'The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment as now proposed will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, to insert
after the words " private entry,"in the ninth line,
the words " or preemption."
Mr.HUNTER. I shouldlikctoliearthewliole
amendment read, as now modified.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the un-
derstanding of the Chair that, by an agreement
between the Senators from Minnesota, the original
amendment offered by one Senator was with-
drawn, and the one now read is the amendment
proposed to the section.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to know what
that amendment opens. Does that open all the
railroad lands?
Mr. RICE. No; it leaves them out.
Mr. SLIDELL. The Senator from Minnesota
has urged, as a reason for adopting this amend-
ment, that the period for bringing the public lands
into market for their survey depends upon execu-
tive will or caprice. I will ask that Senator if those
lands have not been withheld for many years from
public sale at the earnest instance of the Senators
and Representatives ofMinnesota herself; whether
they have not strenuously, at all times, opposed
these lands being brought forward for public sale ?
Mr. IllCE. 1 can only speak for one, Mr.
President; and I say I have, for seven yeais, la-
bored incessantly against the lands being brought
into maiket; and if seven years more of labor
would prevent it, I would give it cheerfully; but
while I was pursuing that policy, the Representa-
tives of a nighboring State were pursuing a very
different one. They were urging that the lands
should be brought into market. What has been
the result? You may travel through the State of
Iowa into my State, and, without compass or
map, by the settlements yon can tell where the
dividing line is; because m that State, in which I
resided when a Territory for many years, I am
sorry to say, most of their valuable lands are in
the hands of speculators, of non-residents; and
many of the richest portions of the State are now
as they were hundreds of years ago, with the ex-
ceptions that the Indians and buffaloes are gone;
but the evidence of cultivation is not there to be
seen.
Mr. GWIN. I occupy an entirely differentpo-
sition from my friend from Minnesota; for we have
got about twenty million acres of land surveyed
in California, and I have been trying all tho time
to get it offered for sale, to bring it into market.
I want all tho lands in that State brought into
market, in order that the graduation system may
begin to operate upon them. I hope this amend-
ment will give us the benefits of this bill, and ap-
ply to those lands not in market. I think that is
,1° 8,nl™dmcnt of the Senator from Minnesota.
It it is, I am heartily in favor of it.
Mr. RICE. It is merely to extend it to those
lands that are offered for sale, and those that have
not been, but have been surveyed and are subject
to entry. I cannot, for the life of me, see the
difference. I cannot see what object it can be to
the Government, or to this side ofthe Senate, to
make the distinction. I cannot see a single object
to be gained, excepting an invidiousdistinction be-
tween the different sections of the country.
Mr. MASON. It really seems to me that this
subject of the public lands becomes more compli-
cated as we advance. I understood the Senator
from Minnesota [Mr. Rice] to complain that the
laws left a-discretion to the Executive when the
lands should be brought into market; and when
lie was challenged by ttte Senator from Louisiana,
the Senator from Minnesota declared ho had been
for seven years trying to prevent their coming
into market; and he contrasted the condition of
his State with the condition of a neighboring
State, where they had been brought into market.
Then the Senator from California rises, and he
complains that a large body of the public lands in
California had been surveyed for a long time, and
lie could not get them brought into market; and
the proposition before us is to sell the public lands
in any State where they are to be found, at the
rcduccd priee of twenty-five cents an acre.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Oh, no. That
is adiffcrcnt proposition; but the bill is, that they
arc to conic into market within two years, at which
ijfcie they have to be offered for sale at what is
now the minimum price, $1 25 an acre; and after
that, if tliey do not sell at that price, then any
man who will go actually upon a piece of land,
may settle upon it, and at the end of five years, if
he will settle continuously, and cultivate it, he
may take as much as one hundred and sixty acres
at twenty-five cents. That is tho proposition.
Mr. MASON. After they are a certain time
in tlic market, and not sold, they shall then be
sold at twenty-five cents an acre. Now, it is a
very difficult subject to digest. It is very late in
the afternoon, and I think it would be Cest that
we should adjourn, to enable gentlemen who have
charge of the public lands to present some matter
that we can understand and agree upon in refer-
ence to it. I move, therefore, that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 14, noes 34.
Mr. PUGI-I. I should like to accommodate
the people of Minnesota; but I cannot, for their
sake, violate a general principle. We have con-
sidered all this matter in committee again and .
again and again, and voted it down. I hope the
Senate will vote it down now.
Mr. CLAY. I have only to say that my pur-
pose was to vote for the bill, although there ate
some objections to it which I would have stated
to the Senate if the state of my throat had war-
ranted my speaking upon it; but if this amend-
ment prevails, I shall vote against the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am also com-
pelled to say that if this amendment prevails I
shall vote against the bill.
Mr. POLK. I am very sorry for gentlemen
taking the position they do; but it seems to me
what is asked by the Senator from Minnesota, in
the amendment he offers, is no more than fair
and equal to his State. There are a largo pro-
portion ofthe lands in hiEfState that are surveyed
and not brought into market, in regard to which
the operation of this bill never can have any effect.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will ask the
Senator if he does not know that the people'of
Minnesota themselves have kept the lands out of
market. Besides, this bill go£s on to give,in ad-
dition, two years any how; and how much more
legislation must be given to circumstances of that
sort?
Mr. POLK. I do not know that.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It was all con-
sidered in committee. We cannot help every
hardship that may come up under a general law.
Mr. RiCE. With the permission of the Sen-
ator from Missouri, I wish to say to my friend
