2948
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
vania, was " utterly worthless as an agent, and
that his partner was but little, if any, better. The
whole business of the agency was surrendered
by Hunter into the hands of Stone, Tyler & Co.
This firm furnished the coal—were the parties
that sold the coal to the Government. They filled
the double office of salesmen to the Government
and agent for the Government, without any one
to see whether they acted fairly or corruptly.
Was that an abuse?
Again, Mr. Speaker, I submit that in this re-
port, made by the honorable gentleman from Vir-
finia, there is proof that the Government of the
Tnited States paid exorbitant prices for this coal—
the amount charged by Stone, Tyler & Co., these
venders to, and,'at the same time, agents for the
Government, charging largely more than the price
at which other responsible parties proposed to
furnish it.
Again, it is in proof in the gentleman s report,
that Dr. Hunter performed no service; that his part-
ner, Mr. Smith, performed but little, if any; that
they were absolutely " useless as agents;" yet it
is in proof that they were paid by the Govern-
ment at the rate of $14,000 per annum. Was that
right or was it wrong ? Honorable gentlemen are
to vote on this resolution. Let them decide whether
it was an abuse or not.
The next resolution declares:
" That the contract made by the Secretary with William
C. N.i>wift,for the delivery of live-oak, was made in vio-
lation* flaw, and in a manner unusual, improper, and in-
jurious to tile public service."
Before I determined upon the report which I
have made, 1 examined critically the phraseology
of every line of every one of these resolutions, to
see whether it was justified by the proof, and I
now wish to show you that the evidence contained
in the report of the honorable member fiom Vir-
ginia [Mr. Bocock] justifies me in saying, that
this contract with Swift was " in violation of law;"
that it was " unusual;" that it was " improper;"
and that it was " injurious to the public service."
Was it " jn violation of law1 say it was pal-
pably so, and I challenge tiie honorable gentleman
from Virginia to confront me now with a denial,
if he does not admit my proposition.
The law requires all timber to be bought by
what is called " open purchase," or by advertise-
ment for bids. Was it purchased by open con-
tract? No; the Secretary told Swift that ho had
no right to purchase it in that way; there being
no such necessity for the timber as would justify
him in purchasing without advertisement.
Did he conform to the law relating to purchases
by advertisement? What is that? Advertise-
ments shall be made for bids, and the contract
given to the lowest bidder. Was Swift the low-
est bidder? He was not. A number of parties
underbid him. These parties, however, failed to
comply with their contracts for want of time.
Under the law, what then was to be done? This
is the statute:
" In ca=e the lowest bidder shall fail to enter into such
contract and give such security within a icasonable time,
to be fixed in such advertisement, then the eontiact shall
be given to the next lowest Inddei, wiio shall enter into sueil
contiact and give such secunty.-'—Brightly, p. 677.
Now, did the Secretary give the contract to the
next lowest bidder? He did not. But, in viola-
tion of law, without any notice whatever to the other
liiders, lie summarily annulled the contracts he had
made, and gave them to Swift. Again: the contract
made with Swift was dated the 23d of September,
1858. At what time, according to the only adver-
tisement made, was the timber to be delivered?
Half of it on the 1st of September, 1858; twenty-
two days before the contract to deliver it was made!
There was no pretense, then—none whatever—
that the contract made with Swift was in accord-
ance with the advertisement; for the time for the
delivery of the timber had actually passed before the
contraclwas entered into. Ihen it was made with-
out reference to rmyadvertisemen t. But he admit-
ted he had no right to purchase-without it-, and,
of course, when he did it, it was done in violation
oflaw.
Was there anything unusual in this contract?
The honorable member from Virginia, [Mr. Bo-
cock,] in his report, (p 32,) states that—
Cl The uviial time allowed contiactors for live-oak is one
and two years; because, unlike other timber, it is raiciy
kept on hand by lumbermen, and generally has to he out
near the coasts of the Gull' of Mexico alter the contracts
are made; and being esteemed more valuable when cut
between the 1st ofNovember and 1st of March, one winter
season, at least, is allowed for that purpose."
What time was, by the advertisement, allowed
for the fulfillment of this contract ? It was to be
delivered on the 1st of.September—half of it—
to quote the language of the report of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bocock]—" about
twenty days after the contracts were completed.
Yes, sir, instead of one and two years being al-
lowed, as was usual, in this instance for the fill-
ing of half of the contract twenty days only were
allowed.
Was there anything " improper" in the manner
in which this contract was made ? Pacts stated
in the report of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Bocock] shall furnish my answer. In that report
it is stated that Swift & Bigler had a large quan-
tity of timber at certain of the navy-yards, which
was unusually small in size, and of such charac-
ter that they had not been able to dispose of it.
Swift had the largest quantity. They saw the
Secretary of the Navy, and tried to get him to buy
it at open purchase without advertisement. He
said he could not do that, there being no pressing
necessity for the timber, to justify him. It was,
however, agreed between than that an advertise-
ment should be made for one hundred and fifty
thousand feet of the very kind of timber that Swift
& Bigler had at the yards, and that the time
should be made so short that no one could compete
with them—they being, as the Secretary knew, the
only persons who had any of this description of
timber at the yards. It was agreed that Swift
should put in a bid, at which the timber was to be
bought, and that Bigler should bid also, but at
higher figures. The contract was to be given to
Swift, and he was to take all of Bigler's timber and
put it in with his, and at the same price. It is
admitted that the quantity of timber bought of
Swift was not needed, and that a great part of it
is still lying in the yards untouched. It is stated
urther, in the report of the gentleman, [Mr. Bo-
cock,] (p. 33.,) by way of explanation of the Sec-
retary's extraordinary conduct m awarding this
contract to Swift in the manner he did, that—
" Swift wa-4 an ardent fiicnil of the pie«ont Administra-
tion, and had expended his money freely (moje than ten
thousand dollars) to aid the election ot Mr. Buchanan. It
was known to tin; Sccieiaiy that he h<ul been hbeial, n.3
proved by George Phtt, and it was natmal he bhould have
a kind regaid for him."
Now, sir, in conclusion upon this point, I state
that the report of the gentleman from Virginia
contains proof, beyond all controversy or cavil, that
there was a glaring and corrupt collusion and
combination between the Secretary and Swift—
this "ardent friend of the Administration"—
which prevented all competition for the contract
for this timber, and that it was entered into by
the Secretary to prevent competition, and to se-
cure, regardless of the public interest, the contract
to Swift as compensation for partisan services.
Was that proper or "improper?" Gentlemen
who have to vote upon these resolutions must
decide.
Was this contract " injurious to the public ser-
vice ?" It is in proof, by Mr. Lentliall, chief of
the Bureau of Consti uction, that the shortness of
the time allowed to contractors m the advertise-
ment, made to secure the contract to Swift, caused
the bids to be some fifteen per cent, higher than
they otherwise would have been, resulting in a
loss to the Government of some $25,000. Was
not this contract, then, sir, " made in violation of
law, and in a manner unusual, improper, and
injurious to the public service?"
1 call the attention of this House to the third
resolution:
"Resolved, That the distribution, by the Secietaiy of the
Navy, of the pationage in the navy-yaids among members
ot Congress, wa= destructive of discipline, eoniiptingm its
influence, and insllly mjuiious to the public service."
I ask the special attention of the honorable gen-
tleman from Virginia to what I have to say upon
this resolution, and I challenge him to deny, what
I now allege, that each specific allegation in this res-
olution is fully warranted byevidencefuinished by
his own report.
The first allegation is, that the distribution of
patronage in the navy-yards among members of
Congress was " destructive of discipline." The
gentleman from Virginia, upon the 6th and 7th
pages of his report, says expressly that this dis-
tribution of patronage in the navy-yards has re-
sulted in idleness, in disregard of duty, and, m
general, in insubordination. I take it for granted
that he knew what he was saying; that he meant
precisely what he deliberately penned in his re-
port.
Was it " corrupting in its influence?" On the
6th page of the gentleman's report will be found
the evidence that it was, wheijp he states that
"men have been appointed, under this system,
without due regard to their qualifications, and re-
tained sometimes after they had shown themselves
unworthy. They learned to rely, in part, on a
strong friend to retain them," instead of relying
on " meritorious services." Again, on the same
page, he says:
" The system of appointing and retaining men in the
yard upon'poiiticai influence works great evil."
The last allegation in this resolution is: " that
it was injurious to the public service." Thehon-
orable gentleman from Virginia, on pages 6 and 7
and 8 of his report, furnishes abundant proof that
it was highly injurious to the public service; and
himself admits the fact. Then, sir, 1 submit,
without additional argument, that I have the hon-
orable gentleman from Virginia standing side by
side with me in saying that each and every one of
these allegations are true; and I leave it with gen-
tlemen to say whether, with these facts staring
them in the face, they can vote " no" upon the
resolution. How can the gentleman from Virginia
vote " no ?" • .
Upon the facts he cannot. And this being so,
we can understand why it is that technical objec-
tions are thrown in our way. First comes the
Secretary and the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Bocock,] the recognized leader of his party on
this floor, with a plea in abatement to the juris-
diction of this body, denying that we have any
right to consider these propositions, much less
to pass upon them by a vote. Then, the gentle-
man who immediately preceded me—the honor-
able member from Virginia, [Mr. Millson]—a
gentleman, permit me to say, for whose distin-
guished ability and personal worth I entertain the
highest respect—rises in his place, and files a reg-
ular plea of the statute of limitations, declaring
that " the time has passed," and that we cannot
properly act upon any proof taken at the last Con-
gress affecting the character of the Secretary. The
point is so nice, it is difficult of comprehension.
The admitted reasoning capacity of the gentle-
man has not enabled him to make an argument in
its support even plausible in its character. Very
certain I feci that, had the honorable Secretary
and his friends not regarded his case as a desper-
ate one, no such plea would have been filed and
relied upon in argument.
But to those who may suppose there is more
weight in this suggestion than I have been dis-
posed to give to "it, I refer to a case directly in
point, occurring in theSenate of the United States,
in 1853-53. By resolution of 6th August, 1852, a
committee was raised to investigate certain alleged
abuses in various Depaitments of the Govern-
ment. A large amount of testimony was taken,
involving serious charges of malfeasance in office;
but the session of Congress closed before the
committee reported. At the next session—a ses-
sion, too, of a new Congress—a report was made,
and without objection, upon the testimony taken
during the past Congress.
Th<|/6urth resolution is as follows:
"Resolved, That the Piesidentand Secretary of the Navy,
by receiving and eonsidcimg the party relations ol bidders
for contracts with the United states, and the effect of
awaiding contracts upon pending elections, have set an
example dangeious to the public safety, and deserving the
lepfootoi this House."
Can the language of this resolution be justified
by anything in the report of the gentleman from
Virginia? In that report I find a letter from XV.
C. Patterson, of Philadelphia, addressed to Mr.
Buchanan, asking that the contract for the ma-
chinery of a sloop, building at the navy-yard at
Philadelphia, may be awarded to Merrick & Sons,
from which I read the following:
"Theirs (Meirick &. Sons) i.s the only establishment in
the fust district which employs a laigc number of mechan-
ics ; at this time. tlmje hundred and ninety> when in full
wotk, (out humlied and liity.
'* The managing partner? (Mr. M., sr., being absent in bad
health) ate lull of eiiugy. htiainttig every nerve to keep
their foice dm ing thN d.'pie^ion ; and, in so tar as J know,
Ike only old IVkigs of any influence in that district who are
in favor of the reflection of Colonel Florence.
'* J know, fromJonne'r cxpcricnce,thQ value ofinflu-
ence, and feel persuaded that it is the interest of the Demr
ocratic party to increase it.
