1060
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
there were then from fourteen to seventeen thou-
sand slaves in England, bought and sold at the
exchange. " They are treated in English acts of
Parliament as merchandise in so many words.
They were treated by Sir Philip York, according
to the gentleman'sown authority, as merchandise,
%i chattels, many years before Lord Mansfield
made his decision; and then, when ymi take up
Lord Mansfield's decision, what is it? What is
the distinction there made ? Just the distinction
that the fanatics of the North are now making in
favor of the black against the white. Lord Mans-
field said, that although slavery was known to and
establishedby~the common law of England, itwas
only white slavery that was so known; and be-
cause, in those ancient times, beyond which the
memory of man runneth not, there existed no
blacks who could be slaves, he held that by the
common law England African negroes were not
slaves, although white Saxons were. I defyany
man to extract anything else from that decision
than just what I have stated. It was admitted by
the counsel on both sides, admitted by the judge
himself in delivering his decision, that the white
Saxon was a slave by the common law of Eng-
land, and itwas held that the African savage,
brought from remote countries into England, was
not a slave, because he had not been known to
the common law as a slave.
It was bccause of this decision, which was
merely yielded up to the spirit of fanaticism, then
as rampant in England as it is now in our north-
ern and eastern States—it was in relation to this
decision that Lord Stowell spoke of Lord Mans-
field's having delivered a stump speech, or some-
thing equivalent to that, instead of a decision in
the Sommersett case. In the case of the slave
Grace, he declared that negroes were slaves in the
colonies, not by virtue of statute, but by use and
custom, which are the sole origin of the common
law; and whether you choose to speak of the tech-
nical common law as it prevails in England, or of
that enlarged definition of common Jaw, which
considers it as the rules based oil reason and jus-
tice, and growing into the authority of law by the
confmon use of mankind—whether you speak of
it in the one light or the other, certainly you can
find no period on this continent when the negro
was not a slave, and you can find no statute making
him so. They never became so by statute law.
How did they ever become so at all ? There was
no statute law in these colonies reducing them to
slavery.
I passed a word the other day with the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] whom I do
not see now in his seat, as to the ground upon
which the Indians became slaves to the Puritan
fathers. Talk to me of the absence of common
law on this subject; the common law which ac-
knowledged your equals—the white Saxon race—
to be slaves to the Norman lords, subject to barter,
subject to purchase and sale, unable to transmit
their inheritance to their children, in every sense
of the word slaves, just as the modern negro is
a slave in the southern States, though, because
negroes had not yet been introduced into England,
Lord Mansfield had the judicial hardihood to hold
that the white Saxon was a slave by the common
law, and that the African savage was not. He
was rebuked by Lord Stowell for it in a judgment,
which is a model of judicial clearness arid perspi-
cacity. That was not the only case. Did not
the English court of King's Bench give a judg-
ment in favor of the Spanish owner of slaves
which had been taken by an English ship on the
high seas? On what ground? If negroes were
not slaves, except by virtue of municipal law,
which is the modern heresy, if they were not
slaves outside of the limits of the place in which
the law bound them down as slaves, on what
principle was it that the English court of King's
Bench gave a decree for the payment of the Span-
ish owner of the slaves taken and seized by an
English frigate?
Mr. President, it is too late for us to continue
discussions of this kind. They are, after all, mere
legal curiosities —mere antiquarian researches.
Enough for us to know that that which we claiir.
as property is recognized as such by the Consti-
tution of the "United States; that it has the sanc-
tion of the fathers; that it lies at the foundation
of the comp&ct by which we formed a common
Government; and that, without the fullest recog-
nition and protection of that property, this Gov-
ernment never could have originated. It is not
now, in the year 1860, that we are to be driven
back to an examination of the origin from whicli
our rights are derived, or the true basis upon
which they rest. We treat these questions as no
longer open. We treat our rights as conceded in
this Government; and, treating these rights as
conceded, we announce, we have announced, we
continue to announce, that the Union under which
we live is valuable to us only so long as it is gov-
erned by the Constitution to which we consented;
that if you change that Constitution you subvert
that Union. In that sense, and in that alone,
have .you a right to speak of the people of the
South as disunionists; and in that sense you may
count them all as disunionists, for I know not a
man at the South who is not willing to give up
this Union rather than give up the Constitution,
which is the b<tsis upon which it was formed.
We fight to preserve tlie Constitution, and, in so
fighting, fight to preserve the Union. We con-
sider those the true disunionists who lay an un-
hallowed hand on the ark of the covenant, and
try to desecrate it to our loss and dishonor. Re-
spect it, keep your unholy hands off it, leave it
as it was left by the fathers, and you have breth-
ren ready, shoulder to shoulder and side by side
with you, to fight in its support. Desecrate it,
pollute it, destroy our rights under it, invade the
sanctuary with your modern ideas in relation to
the free rights of man,-to the equality of races, to
amalgamation, to polygamy, and all tlie isms that
unfortunately prevail amongst certain classes at
the North—prevail with these ideas, break down
the Constitution, make your ideas the governing
principle by which this country is to be adminis-
tered, and 1 say to you, and every southern man
that I know says, if the Constitution perish, perish
the Union with it.
Mr. WIGFALL. Mr. President 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator from
Texas allow me aword? I do notwant to make
a speech now, but an explanation. It is too late
to-night for a speech.
Mr. WIGFALL. I yield for an explanation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I endeavored to get the
floor some time ago, with a design to answer one
or two points wlueh the Senator had then sug-
gested, but he was not through. It is, however, j
too late to-night. He has gone on with a legal
argument, or something nearly a repetition of one
he made before in this Chamber. 1 merely wish
to say that I design at some future day to notice
the gentleman's speech that he has made now,
and the one that he made before on the same sub-
ject, which was called a legal argument on that
question. I am not prepared at this moment, and
if I was I could not go on to-night, to reply to all
his broad statements in regard to the law and the
decisions; but I looked them up a little once, and
it will not give me much trouble to look them up
again. 1 merely wish now to say that, while we
are silent at the present time from the late hour to
which the discussion has gone, and the impro-
priety of talcing it up at this time, by-and-by we
shall have something further to say m relation to
the Senator's argument on this point of slavery.
It has not been noticed heretofore by me, for I |
have had no opportunity. We shall have one this '
session.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. WIGFALL. I move now to take up the
unfinished business of yesterday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason in
the chair.) The Chair understood that the bill
making appropriations for the support of the
Military AcSdemy was the unfinished business,
and was passed over informally, by general eon-,
sent. It comes up now as the unfinished business.
Mr. HALE. I do not want to interfere with
the Senator, but I think the Chair is mistaken.
That bill was yesterday disposed of by a motion,
postponed to a given day, and the documents
were ordered to be printed; and it was not the
unfinished business when we adjourned.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
very confident in his recollection that it came up
as the unfinished business of yesterday, and on a
distinct annunciation of the Vice President, then
in the chair, by common consent it was laid
aside, in order that the Senator from Vermont j
might address the Senate upon the resolutions of j
the Senator from Mississippi, upon the broad, !
distinct annunciation that it was to come uo as
unfinished business when that was through/
Mr. GWIN. I think we can pass the bill in
five minutes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill mak-
ing appropriations for the support of the Military
Academy for the year ending June 30, 1861, is
before theSenate;thequestion beingon the amend-
ment of the Senator from Texas to add, as a new
section:
Jln&be it further enacted, That the sum of £1.130,318 06
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out ol' any 'money
in tlie Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the support
and maintenance of a regiment of motintcd volunteers for
tlie defense of the fiontier of Texas, to be raised in pursu-
ance of an act appioved Apiil 7, 1858, entitled "An act to
provide for tlie organization of a regiment of mounted vol-
unteers for the defense of the frontier of Texas, and to
authorize the President to call into the service of the United
States two additional regiments of volunteers."
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator will withdraw
that amendment, and offer, as a substitute, the bill
reported from the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WIGFALL. I consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be considered as withdrawn, and this
substituted in its place.
Mr. DAVIS. The bill that was reported with
the amendments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I believe that cannot be
done without general consent.
Mr. GWIN. I merely suggested it to get at
the subject.
Mr. t"ESSENDEN. I have no objection to its .
beino; withdrawn here and offered as a substitute
for that; but that that bill shall, in the same mo-
tion, take the place of this, is a little too much to
be done by one motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
say to the Senator from Maine that the question
before the Senate is on the amendment offered to
the bill by the Senator from Texas. The Sena-
tor from Texas now proposes to withdraw that
amendment, and to substitute for it a different
amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not a different amend-
ment, as I understand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. As an amend-
ment to this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was not aware of that.
I did not understand it so. That may be done.
Mr.DAVIS. Itcan be done very easily,if there
is any objection to the form, by moving it as an
amendment to the amendment, to strike out the
existing amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it is merely to substi-
tute one amendment for another, it is all right.
The Secretary read the amendment, as follows:
Sec. 2. Jlnd he it further enacted, That tlie following
hums bt\ and the same are hereby, appiopiiated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the
support of one regiment of Texas mounted volunteers, au-
thorized by the aet of Congress, appioved 7th Aptil, 1658:
For regular supplies of the quartermaster's department:
fuel, forage, straw, and stationery, {¥j>100,000.
For incidental expenses of the quarteimaster's depart-
ment: for blacksmiths' and shoeing tool*, hoise and inule
shoes and nail«, iron and tteci, horse medicines, picket-
ropes, shoeing horses, and miscellaneous. $5,000.
For tiansportation of supplies, transportation of clothing,
camp and gauison equipage, ordnance, f-ub.sisteneoj quar-
termaster's and medical stores; for the purchase of mules,
and the purchase and lepair of wagon?, and for the hire of
teamsters, $130,000,
For clothinp, camp and garrison equipage, §50,000.
For subsistence in kind, §76,466.
For pay of the volunteeis, ."$358,979 33,
For arms and their appropriate accouterments, (exclusive
of horse equipments,) §58,916 70.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is the question now on
the adoption of the amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say a few words
before the vote is taken on that subject. I was
going on yesterday evening when I was called to
order by my friend from Arkansas, whom I do
not now see in his seat, to explain my views with
reference to this matter; but I am very glad that
it afterwards resulted that the documents to which
I referred were published, so that the Senate has.
before it what it ought to have, in order to act on
this question. Ireallyam sorry to be obliged to
say it, because I know I am interfering with the
impaticnce and long-suffering of the honorable
Senator from Texas who sits before me, (Mr.
Wigfall,] and who rually has seemed to feci this
matter very essential, and 1 have no doubt for very
good reasons, such as are satisfactory to himself;
and I am still more sorry to be obliged to say to
