1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
I know my people; I think I know the Repub-
lican party; and lie who says that among my con-
stituents there is a man, that there is one voter,
that will trample upon the slightest constitutional
right of the South, belies them. Among those
constitutional rights, we have avowed all over the
country, certainly all over Illinois, is the right of
every State to regulate their own institutions—the
institution of slavery included. I will not aid or
advise my people to stir up dissensions there, nor
will I advise southern men to do it themselves. If
slavery be a blessing, hug it to your bosoms. If
it burns, scathes, eats out your vitals, it is your
own fault and not mine; and you alone must
work out tho remedy for this great evil, and yours
is the responsibility; we will not interfere. That
is the sentiment of my people, and when I heard
the distinguished gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] say that he would not in any way interfere,
directly or indirectly, with the relation of master
and slave in the slave States, I recognized the true
sentiment of the Republican party.
When, on the other hand, you reach tho Ter-
ritories, where we have a common interest and
a common right, then, sir, we are pledged to pre-
vent its extension by any and by all constitutional
means. We will do it by legislation. We will
do it by giving land to the settlers, on which to
rear the altars and homes of freedom, and by cut-
ting off corrupt executive patronage and giving
tho election of all territorial offices to the people.
Wo will do it by unshackling freedom upon the
great western plains and allowing it to meet there
the hideous front of slavery. Then, sir, as sure
as that truth will overcome ex-ror, so sure liberty
and freedom will overcome slavery and wrong.
These are portions of the means that we will use,
for the Territories are our common heritage.
There we are opposed to slavery. There we will
make liberty free, for where slavery is it is
shackled.
Mr. Clerk, I have but a few words to say in
addition. I do not desire to detain the House at
any length. In this Helper book I find the names
of distinguished men recommended as patriots,
and side by side with that of Wendell Phillips I
find the name of the gallant Grow. I find tho
name of my distinguishedfriendfrom New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Tafpan] side by side with that of
Wendell Phillips andGerrittSmithand others,who
are the known opposcrs of the great political
fabric of our country; one of whom has been
forced upon us as a Republican when ho has
fought against us in every groat struggle of the
Republican party. If those gentlemen are will-
ing to sit here and permit such an association of
names, I have no objection. With them it may
be a more matter of taste; but were my name
there, humble as it is, I would spurn its connec-
tion. [Applause.]
Mr. Clerk, I have said these things in all kind-
ness of feeling, and, as I believe, in all truthful-
ness. I know that there is a repugnance upon
this side of the House—whilst there in being made
inflammatory speeches from the other, and whilst
there have been unjust and undue demands upon
them for explanation—to declare what are their
sentiments lest it appear as if made under undue
influences. It sometimes takes a braver man, al-
though I make no pretensions to bravery, and
more moral courage, to declare what are not your
real sentiments among your friends, than it does
to declare what your principles and opinions are
before your opponents. These are my sentiments,
and, if my Republican friends indorse them I am
highly gratified; if they do not, let them upon
this floor renounce them.
As I hear no objections from this side of the
House to the sentiments I have uttered here to-
day, T may and do affirm them as true Republican
doctrines. I appeal to my Republican friends to
come tip to this high position; to place your prin-
ciples (airly and fully before the country, and to
rely upon them for victory. When you cease to
do that,you will cease toprosper and grow strong.
The signs of the times are ominous, and the
destiny of the Democratic party is written upon
the very walls; in the great free Worth it is grow-
ing smaller by degrees and beautifully less. On
the contrary, Democracy at the South is growing
stronger, because it is pro-slavery in its senti-
ments. All wo want, sir, is to let the true Re-
publican platform be met by the true Democratic j
pro-slavery doctrines; then the great mass of the |
American people will be found upon the side of
the Republicans, in whose hands and upon whoso
principles ere long must rest the prosperity and
safety of our great nation and glorious Union.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Mr. Clerk, it is not
my purpose at present to enter into this discus-
sion at any length 
Mr. WELLS. I hope the gentleman will per-
mit me to offer a.resolution whi'ch I endeavored
to get before the House before this discussion
commenced.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I hope the gentleman
will pardon me for not yielding.
Several Members. Let it be read for inform-
ation.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I yield for that pur-
pose.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That until this House shall be organized by
the election of Speaker, the clergy of this city, of the vari-
ous religious denomination*, be respectfully requested to
open the daily sessions of this House with prayer, and that
such of the clergy as shall accept this invitation officiate
on each day in alphabetical order.
Mr. WELLS. I wish to make a single re-
mark explanatory of the motives with which I
offer the resolution.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I cannot yield for that
purpose.
Mr. Clerk, it is not my purpose at this time
to enter upon this debate at any considerable
length. My object is to propound an interroga-
tory to my colleague and to reply to  his answer,
if I shall deem it proper to do so. Did I under-
stand my colleague to accuse Judge Douglas of
complicity with Greeley in schemes designed to
disorganize and defeat the Democratic party in
Illinois?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Will my col-
league repeat the question ?
Mr. MCCLERNAND. Did I understand my
colleague to charge Judge Douglas with com-
plicity in schemes with Greeley to disorganize
and defeat the Democratic party in Illinois ?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The statement
I made, as near as I recollect it, was, that Mr.
Greeley was found in consultation with Mr.
Douglas, to insure the election of Mr. Douglas
to the Senate of the United States from the State
of Illinois.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Be so good as to re-
peat that again.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I charge that
Mr. Greeley was again and again, with others,
in consultation in the parlor of Judge Douglas,
planning and scheming the election of Judge
Douglas to the Senate of the United States from
the State of Illinois.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Now, Mr. Clerk, this
response to my inquiry may be regarded in two
lights. First, if such a conversation occurred in
the parlor of Judge Douglas, as the gentleman
charges, how came the gentleman to know it?
And, if it was a private conversation, is it honor-
able for the gentleman to disclose it ? So much
for the personal aspect of tlie question.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Does the gentle-
man want a response ?
Mr. McCLERNAND. Not now. As for my-
self, I was not present at the time of the alleged
conversation, and cannot say positively whether
such a conversation took place or not. But if I
had been there; if 1 had heard such a conversa-
tion in Judge Douglas's parlor, regarding it as
private conversation, I would consider myself
dishonored by a revelation of it to the public.
Again, as to tho political aspect of the charge,
I do not believe it to be true; although, as I before
said, I cannot pronounce upon it from a personal
knowledge of its truth or untruth. Certain it is,
however, that I have no sympathy with Mr.
Greeley, or with any of his political schemes. I
repudiate both.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Will the gentle-
man allow me just at this point to set him right?
Mr. McCLERNAND. It is passing strange,
however, if Mr. Greeley was favorable to Judge
Douglas's reelection, that he should have taken
so active and conspicuous apart as he did against
Judge Douglas in regard to that election. Not
only did Mr. Greeley employ his unscrupulous
press for the purpose of defeating Judge Bougi.as,
but I understand that a large sum of money was
raised in the city of New York for that purpose
—whether with the aid of Mr. Greeley, I am not
prepared to say—but that a large sum of money,
raised outside of Illinois by the Republican lead-
ers, was used in Illinois for the purpose of defeat-
ing Judge Douglas and the Democratic party in
that State, is quite certain.
I might go further, and assert, upon what I
consider to bo sufficient authority, that not only
did Greeley use his paper for the purpose of de-
feating Judge Douglas and the Democratic party
in the contest of last year, but that he used his
private and personal influence with the Republi-
cans in that State.for that purpose; that he ex-
pressed himself privately by letter in the most
condemnatory terms of Judge Douglas, and ex-
horted the Republican party of that State to array
themselves against tho Democratic party, and to
defeat it at whatever cost. I do not say that this
was the exact language used hy him privately;
but I have reason to believe that such was the
substance of his private exhortations—such, at
least, was common report and common opinion
among the Democrats in my portion of Illinois,
I tell the Democratic members of this House
that the Democrats of Illinois have always stood
true to the Constitution and the Union. Like the
old Roman tribune they bear their scars upon
their fronts and not upon their rear. Can my col-
league say as much for the Republicans of Illi-
nois? Amid all the mutations and changes of
parties and politics, Illinois has stood firm. She
stood firm in the great contest of last year; stood
firm in the recent contest which embraced the por-
tion of the State in which I was recently elected
to a seat in this body. The gentleman says in an
exulting strain that the Democracy is growing
smaller by degrees and beautifully less in the
Northwest. Inlllinois, facts contradict that asser-
tion. It is but recently that I made a canvass for
Congress, in a central district of Illinois, embrac-
ing counties which for a long time have been ident-
ified with the Opposition to the Democratic party,
and in those counties especially, in which the Op-
position was strongest, their majorities were en-
tirely overcome, and the Democracy triumphed
by large majorities. In those counties we met the
Republican forces and scattered them to the winds.
There is no sympathy among the people of Illi-
nois, or among the loyal people of the North-
west, with the sectionalism of the Republican
party. The Democracy of Ulinoisare forthe Union
and the whole Union. They stand by the rights
of thoNorth and by the rights of the South; and,
impelled by a sense of duty and of honor, they
would as quickly defend the rights of the South
as those of the North. They know no difference
between the North and the South. Standing upon
a national platform of principles, we have met
with a favorable response from all national men,
and particularly from old line Whigs, who, true
to the teachings of Clay and Webster, are opposed
to abolitionism and sectionalism. Thus strength-
ened by these patriotic accessions, the Democracy
of Illinois feel assured of victory in 1860. The
battle of the next year will crush out Republican-
ism in Illinois.
The question before us at this time is, whether
we shall select a Speaker standing upon a national
platlorm or upon a sectional platform? and so the
issue, will be interpreted by the country. As for
myself, I am for a man who stands upon a national
platform, whose heart beats responsive to the
interests of our whole country, who would stay
aggressions whether upon the South or the North,
and who would guard the Union as tho ark of
political safety. In one of the candidates we have
before us—in Tiiomas S. Bocock—I recognize a
man answering to these conditions, filling this
measure, and I am for him. His public career
assures us that neither the dignity of the station
we propose to elevate him to, nor the honor of the
country will suffer in his hands.
It is not for me to say that the candidate pre-
sented upon the other side reflects a different
sentiment and aims at different, objects. All I say
is, that he is preeminently identified with a party
some of whose leaders have addressed their fanat-
ical hearers under a mutilated flag—a flag from
which all those stars representing the slaveholding
States have been ruthlessly and traitorously torn;
thus indicating their sectional feeling, and their
preference for tho Union dissevered to the Union
as a whole. We know that the desire and the
attempt, upon the psrrt of Republican leaders, to
continue the agitation of slavery^tipon the floor
