1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2005
Mr. COLLAMER. How do we know who
are absent?
Mr. WADE. My opinion is, that those who
take no interest in this question absent themselves.
They have a right to do so, for aught I know; but
it is at their will and option whether they are here
or absent. Every man who takes an interest in
the matter will, of course, bo here. _ I am willing
to record my vote against this motion, believing
that every Senator who takes any interest in what
is going on here will be present; and if he has a
mind to be absent let him be.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand, if this mo-
tion is adopted, that the effect of it will be practi-
cally to postpone the further business of the Sen-
ate until you get your return from the Sergeant-
at-Arms.
Several Senators. Not at all.
Mr. JOHNSON,ofArkansas. There arc twelve
more than a quorum present. There are about
forty-six Senators now here, and there are but ten
or twelve in the city outside of that number, and
I do not presume this Senate at any time will find
more, unless you call at the committee-rooms.
Mr. TOOMBS. I rise to a question of order.
I am one of those that will not send for anybody;
and I do not think there is any rightinthis body,
because some gentlemen do not choose to be in
their seats, and do not want to be, for any reason
they think proper, to send for them when there is
a quorum to do business. X know it has been re-
fused in this body, even when there was not a
quorum, to send the Sergeant-at-Arms after absent
members. I should object to it. I.am nothero by
any compulsion of my fellow-Senators. I comc
here when, in my judgment, the interests of my
constituents require it, and at no other time; and I
shall continue to follow that line as long as I have
thehonor of a seat here, and no Sergeant-at-Arms,
and no rule, can affect my conduct in that respect.
Mr. HAMLIN. X do not understand the force
of the motion now submitted to the Senate, to go
to the extent which I apprehend the Senator from
Georgia does. It is simply a request on the part
of the Senate, which the Sergeant-at-Arms bears
to absent Senators. They come if they choose.
It is not proposed, as they do in the House of Rep-
resentatives, to arrest and bring them in. Now,
if Senators here want the Sergeant-at-Arms to go
off on that errand, I thought it the best way to get
rid of it, to give them that request. It would do
no good; but I was willing to vote for it as the
quickest and best method of getting rid of it. I
think so now.
Mr. BROWN. I think the request will neither
do good nor harm. We have got a quorum, and
that quorum is authorized to go on with the pub-
lic business. We can, if we will, send out the
Sergeant-at-Arms to instruct or request absentees
to come; but while you have a quorum you are
authorized, and I think compelled, to go on with
the public business. You have gota quorum now.
Therefore, if it be the sense of the Senate to send
out the Sergeant-at-Arms to request the attend-
ance of absentees, I think that is all very well;
they may come or not, as they choose; but you
cannot arrest the public business so long as you
have got a quorum.
Mr. KING. Certainly not.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bragg, Chesnut, Clingman, Fitch, Fitz-
pattick, Hamlin, Hammond, Lane, Latham, Mason, Pugh
Sebastian, Seward, Slnleii, and Wigtaii—15.
NAYS —Messrs. Antlionv, Bigier, Bingham, mown,
Cameion, Chandler, Clark, Clay, Collamer, Dixon, Doolit-
tle, Douglas. Burkee, Foster, Grimes, Gwin, Hale, Harlan,
Hemphill, Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson oi .Ten-
nessee, Nicholson, Polk, Ilicc, Simmons, Sumner, Ten
Eyek, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilson, and Yulee
-33.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is upon the amendment offered by the Senator
from Minnesota to the first section of the bill;
upon which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 21; as follows:
YE\S—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Cameron, Chan-
dler, Ciaik, Collamer, Dixon, Dooiittie, Durkee, Foster,
nrimos Gvvin. Hale. H&thUti. Hsrlttiij Kingj 1 oik) RieSj
H s7m™o" , Sumner, Ten Eyek, Trumbull, Wade,
"WWalL Wilkinson, Wilson, and \ ulee
NAYS—Messrs. Blglnr, Bragg,Brtgnt. Brown, Chesnut,
i-hy Clintinian, Fitctt, Fitepatuek, Hammond, Hemp-
hinfkunter, Johnson ofArkansas, Johnson ot Tennessee,
Lane, Latham, Mason, Nicholson, Pugh, Sebastian, and
Slidell—21.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move that
the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. WADE. I hope not. I ask for the yeas
and nays upon the motion. [" Oh, no!"]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Arc the yeas
and nays demanded?
Mr. SLIDELL and Mr. MASON called for
the yeas and nays. "
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bigier, Bragg, Brown, Chesnut, Clay,
Fitch, Fitzpatriek, Green, Hammond, Hemphill, Hunter,
Johnson of Arkansas, Lane, Mason, Polk, Pugh, Sebastian,
Sidell, and Yulee—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Bright, Cameron,
Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Dixon, Dooiittie, Douglas, Dur-
kee, Foster, Grimes, Gwin, Hamlin, Harlan, Johnson of
Tennessee, King, Latham, Nicholson. Rice, Seward, Sim-
mons, Sumner, Ten Evek, Trumbull, Wade, Wigfall, Wil-
kinson, and Wilson—30.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. LANE. I am now inclined to thir.k that
wo can hardly get action upon this bill to-day. It
is an important bill, and as reported by the com-
mittee I am in favor of it. I believe if passed it
would result in good; but it is now late, and it has
been materially changed, and in such a way as, in
my judgment, is not right. That I may have time
to think of this matter, and be better prepared to
look into the effect of this amendment, I propose
that the further consideration of this bill be post-
poned until the first Monday in June. I want to
get rid of it for a time, that we rnay have an op-
portunity of looking well into it, and give our
:'riends over the way an opportunity of coming
from their convention. In the mean time it would
give us time to have the amendments printed. I
want to sec the bill with all the amendments
printed in order that wo may understand it. I
hope the Senate will postpone the further consid-
eration of this matter until the first Monday in
June.
Mr. WADE. There must be an end of all
things. I hope there will be an end of this bill,
and I hope it will be now. If we postpone it until
the first Monday in June we shall have it all over
again. We have now been three weeks about it,
and we arc as well prepared now to end it as we
ever shall be.
Mr. SLIDELL. I hope the Senator from Ore-
gon will accept'a modification to his motion, that
I desire to make. I make it in perfect good faith.
This bill cannot be passed to-night in the absence
of a large number of members of the Senate, who
desire to vote on the bill. I move that the further
consideration of the bill be postponed until to-
morrow, at half past three o'clock, and be made
the special order of the day for that hour. I pre-
sume that the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Doug-
las,] who has the floor at one o'clock to-morrow,
will certainly, by that time at least, have said
what he will have to say on the subject of the
resolutions that were under discussion yesterday.
Perhaps he may be enabled to get through at an
earlier hour. If so, there may be a general under-
standing of the Senate that we shall close this bill
to-morrow. I make that proposition. I make it
in perfect go.od faith.
Mr. MASON. I protest against any such un-
derstanding. I will vote for the motion, though,
without the understanding.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
before the Senate is the motion of the Senator
from Oregon, unless he accepts the proposition
of the Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. SLIDELL. I understand him to accept it.
Mr. LANE. I would do everything in the
world to oblige my friend from Louisiana 
Mr. SLIDELL. It is not to oblige me, at all.
Mr. LANE. I think we had better take more
time to consider this subject; and I think the first
Monday in June is a very proper time to take it
up. I think we had better have the question taken
upon my motion to postpone the further consid-
eration of the bill until the first Monday m June
n°The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
motion before the Senate. It is moyed that the
further consideration of this bill bo postponed
until the first Monday in June next.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SLIDELL. Now I make the motion that
1 stated a moment ago.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is movM
that the further consideration of this bill be post-
poned until half past three o'clock to-morrow,
and be made the special order for that hour.
■ Mr. SLIDELL. I will say three o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator modify the hour ?
Mr. SLIDELL. Yes, sir; I will say three
o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion is on the motion to postpone this bill until
to-morrow at three o'clock, and make it the
special order for that hour.
Mr. WADE. To-morrow there is a special
order—the resolutions of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Davis,] in regard to which he was
exceedingly anxious; and perhaps we are under
an implied understanding that when those reso-
lutions shall be taken up for debate, they shall be
continued on until they shall be finally disposed
of. There was an understanding of like character
.with regard to this bill. We postponed it by con-
sent on two former occasions, with the under-
standing—I will not say it applied to all the num-
bers of the Senate, but no one objected to it when
it was made—that we would continue it until we
finally finished it. I see no reason whatever to
postpone the consideration of it further. Tha
Senate is now as full as it ordinarily is when we
transact any business. I presume there are as
many Senators now present as there will be to-
morrow or any other day. The Senate was ap-
prised yesterday that this matter would be taken
up, and that we should endeavor tO(have a final
vote upon it to-day. It was announced here, so
that every one might understand it who took any
interest in it, and might be here to take a part in
it. It is taking no undue advantage of any mem-
ber of the Senate that we proceed now to its final
consideration. Several Senators arc paired off
on this subject, and I think the Senate is as full
as it ordinarily is when we dispose of important
measures.
Mr. PUGH. My colleague forgot a very im-
portant element in the understanding. This
amendment, which has been adopted on the motion
of the Senator from Minnesota, was one of the
distinctive features of the House bill. When my
colleague moved to substitute the House bill for
the Senate bill, he made his argument chiefly upon*"
this very proposition, and, in full Senate, it was
rejected, afteralong debate. When it was under-
stood by Senators that nothing remained except
a few verbal or immaterial amendments, and the
bill about to be put on its passage, they left the
Chamber; and when they were gone, the proposi-
tion was renewed in such a form as to make this
bill more objectionable than the House bill. I
would rather have the House bill than this bill
now.
Mr. KING. Well, let us take up the House
bill.
Mr. PUGH. I am against both of them. In
my judgment, the amendment that has _ been
adopted has made this one of the most vicious
bills that could be before the Senate, and it cannot
command my vote with the amendment. I do not
know how many other Senators are in the same
conditfon. I want to save the original bill as the
committee drew it, and as it was understood in
the Senate three hours ago; but now it has been
totally changed; and for the purpose of preserving
the bill, for the purpose of getting a full Senate to
strike that provision out when the-bxll is reported
from the Committee of the Whole, I shall vote for
the motion to postpone it until to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I merely wish to correct
what 'undoubtedly is a misapprehension of the
Senator from Ohio. The Senate has been very
little fuller to-day than it is now. Some forty-
nine or fifty voted a few minutes ago on the yeas
and nays, and there are some present, I know,
who did not vote, and I think the fullest vote given
to-day has not been more than fifty-five or fiftv-
six votes. We are within four or five of the full-
est vote to-day; and of those who have gone out
of the Senate, it is known that several are paired.
Mr. HAMMOND. It is very true that the
Senate is full on one side, but not on the other.
If it is the intention of that side to take advantage
of the fullness of the Senate to pass this bill -to-
night., although I pledged myself, in case there
was a summons of all the members of the Senate,
to sit here until this time to-morrow, I do not feel
