1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1061
' him and to the Senate, that the perusal of these
documents has not by any means satisfied me that
this regiment ought to be put in service. I will
endeavor not to repeat what I said before, but to
allude a little to the points which I took.
The first objection whfgh I made to proceeding
with such intense rapidity in relation to this mat-
ter was, that we had no recommendation from the
Executive on ^the subject. Well, sir, to this day,
although we liave a message from the Executive,
sending the communication of Governor Houston,
we have no recommendation from him. In the
next place, I said we had nothing from the Sec-
retary ofW^ar to show that thci*c had been any
state of things upon the border of Texas or else-
where, which callcd for putting this regiment into
service. The honorable Senator supposes that the
Secretary of War has really recommended this
for the purpose, or from the necessity %f having,
troops in Texas. It is not so. All he does in
making his communication to the Committee on
Military Affairs, is simply to state that he com-
municates the documents called for with his own
views, or an abstract of what he understands to
be their subject-matter, and that the opinion of
the Department as heretofore expressed on sev-
eral occasions as to the necessity of increasing the
amount of troops of the Army remains unchanged;
but he does not say a word or intimate that he
needs any troops for Texas, or for the purpose
of protecting that border against the Indians or
against Cortinas and his hand; so that the result
of it is that 011 the strength and faith of this diffi-
culty in Texas, we have a renewed proposition,
which we have uniformly voted against and re-
fused to sanction, to increase the Army. That is
all we have from the Secretary of War; and now
the question is whether it is necessary. The Sec-
retary of War does not say that he has not troops
enough to meet all the emergencies of the case in
Texas itself. He only says that he requires more
troops, os heretofore stated to Congress several
times, for the general—he does not use the word
general—but for " the. exigencies of the service."
Now, sir, it will be remarked in regard to these
papers that they communicate no sort of inform-
ation, official or otherwise, of any interest, aris-
ing from Indian troubles on that border. They
communicate no statement from the Department
or from the President, in reference to the difficul-
ties upon that frontier of such an amount that the
present Army of the United States is not perfectly
adequate to take care of them. Well, what have
we? If Senators have read these documents they
will perceive what we have; and I wish to call the
attention of Senators, for a few moments, simply
to what there is in them.
Who is the man that is making this difficulty
on the border? A Mexican-Texan, it seems.
How diu the difficulty arise? These papers say
from a private quarrel, and a private quarrel grow-
ing out of difficulties among the Mexicans and
the Americans on our side and the other. They
state, moreover, (and it is stated in an affidavit-
from the clerk of the court in that region,) that
this Cortinas is a man who stood under indict-
ment for murder in Brownsville; and although
under indictment for murder, he was suffered to
go at large, going into that town and going out as
he pleased, under the eye of the sheriff, and not
arrested, the clerk says, and another witness
says, because he was a man of political influence
and carried votes, and the officers wanted his in-
fluence and did not like to interfere with him.
Subsequently he got into a quarrel, and committed
outrages in Brownsville. He collected a body of
men, Mexicans and Americans, such as he could
pick up about him, went over to the other side,
and came back again.
What has been the result of all this? It went
on increasing until finally his forces were so large
that it brought about a collision between him and
certain troops of ours. He was beaten by Major
Heintzelman, with two companies of rangers; he
fled across the border, and established himselfsome
miles distant, in a position from which, in parties
«f twos and threes, his band makes incursions.
Major Heintzehmui was applied to by others, to
know what troops he wanted in order to protect
hat frontier, and he said all he wanted, after he
had whipped this fellow with five hundred men
under him, was two companies of Texas rangers.
Those two companies were furnished to him, and
he has them there. Nobody pretended there was
any necessity for any more troops, until the letter
came from General Houston, now Governor of
Texas, himself.
Mr. WIGFALL. The Senator from Maine
will excuse me for interrupting him. I do not
wish to take up time, for I do not want to speak,
but I made a motion here to call on the President
before Governor Houston sent his message, and
I introduced it two or three days before he got his
official information.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is not official in-
formation for us.
Mr. WIGFALL. You said nobody had called
attention to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I said officially; nobody
who had a right to act in the business had called
011 the Government. Mr. Floyd himself says that
the accounts have been so contradictory all along,
that nobody could tell what the truth was in rela-
tion to the matter. It went along thus: Major
Heintzelman having under his command all the
troops that he callcd for, and all that he said were
necessary to protect the border, until the commu-
nication was made from the Governor of Texas,
stating the difficulties and calling for aid from this
Government; and what has this Government done ?
Mr. Floyd says that, this being the first call made
on him, lie at once dispatched all the disposable
force of the Army to Texas, in order to protect
the Texan people; and he docs not say that there
were not enough of them, that he wants more;
that what he has done is not sufficient for the ex-
igency, and is not enough to accomplish the pur-
pose, and he does not ask us to furnish him with
any more troops for that purpose.
Then, sir, we have a little curious piece of in-
telligence in reference to this matter which makes
me somewhat suspicious, I must confess. A year
ago General Twiggs withdrew the troops from
two or three places in that neighborhood; and he
gave as a reason for it that it was not necessary
they should be continued; and that there was a
great outcry there at his withdrawing them; but
the truth is, lie said that the people want them
there for the mere purpose of the money that is
spent. They like to have troops there for that
purpose; and they make an outcry whenever any
arc removed, because they get the benefit of it so
long as they remain; but it is not necessary. It
went on so until October last, when this difficulty
with Cortinas arose, according to these papers,
before|thcrc was any occasion whatever to change
the disposition which General Twiggs had made;
there were 110 difficulties from the Indians, or any-
thing of that kind. Then it went on, as I have
stated, from a beginning with a private quarrel
among men, and getting up to a particular point,
where those men are beaten and driven over the
border by a small company of United States
troops, aided by a couple of companies of ran-
gers, which are there now: and since then, on the
call of Governor Houston, all the disposable force
that was necessary has been sent on its way there
to meet these difficulties. In the face of that, we
are callcd upon—not by the President, not by the
Secretary of War, not by those to whom we have
a right to look for advice in this matter, and who
have a right to make the call—to make an appro-
priation to organize this regiment of volunteeis,
and to put it into the field, in addition to what has
been done. h
These outrages have been committed; thismon |j
i$ driven across the border; there is a largo body j|
of troops there; and, in the ordinary course of !,
human experience among military men—the \'<
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs jj
can tell me, probably—how long will it take to
organize this new regiment after the lands have
been laid waste, after"the difficulty has Occurred?
Cattle have been driven off. the borders have been
stripped, say the Senators. The troops have all
been concentrated there that can be spared, and
enough for the purpose, if we may judge by what
the Secretary of War tells us; and yef, with all
these facts, we are called upon to pass this appro-
priation, looking forward to a period of two or
three months before these other troops can pos-
sibly be put into the field. I am constrained to
regard it as arising from the disposition which
exists to raise a regiment of mounted volunteers j
in Texas, giving employment to men who desire j
employment; expending a still larger amount of j
money, all of which is to be saddled upon the |
Treasury of the United States; resulting in the j
increase, for a time, at least, of the disposable
force of the Army, for which I can see no possi-
ble necessity*
All the facts that I have stated, I derive from
the documents, and there are many more that bear
on the subject; but I am not disposed to detain the
Senate at this late hour of the evening. I only
wished to call the attention of the Senate to the
facts exhibited before-us before they vote away,
upon such grounds, in the present state of the
Treasury, millions of dollars, to be expended year
by year for I know not what length of time.
Mr. WIGFALL. I promise not to take up
time,« but to ask the Senate to take a vote, and I
shall say but a word or two, and that in defense
of the people whom I represent here in part. The
Senator from Maine has seen fit to allude to a
part of General Twiggs's letter, dated San An-
tonio, March 28, 1859. I shall read it, and my
comment will be as brief as the charge:
(i Having an extensive frontier to guard from an enemy
who was making daily inroads upon the inhabitants, and
having so few troop?, 1. aftci*maturfe consideration, determ-
ined to abandon the posts on the Rio Grande, and place
the troops on the frontier.5'
Then General Twiggs, for he is good for slan-
dering the people of Texas, is authority, at least,
for the number of troops that are there necessary.
I say, and I regret that the Senator from Missis-
sippi is here present when I say it, that during
the time that he had the administration of the
War Department there were as many troops on
the Rio Grands as there now are in the entire de-
partment of Texas, and in the department of
Texas is included all that region north of it and
west of it that reaches to the head waters of the
Canadian, the Red river, and the Witchita. Af-
ter he passed from the W^r Department these
troops were withdrawn by General Twiggs. I
speak no* of what I have heard from him, but I
know what is the sentiment of Texas, and I
know what is the sentiment of the Army. There
was, in ancient times, a building erected; and
there was one who felt that he could not do like-
wise, but he could destroy that whfch had been
done; and the temple of tlie Ephesian Diana was
burned to the ground. I do not choose to go into
the private quarrels between military men, and the
quarrels "between the Senator from Mississippi
and the Lieutenant General of the Army and
General Twiggs; I have nothing to do with them;
but he established those posts, and they chose to
break them up, and what was the result? Gen-
eral Twiggs shall answer for himself, and I wili
put him upon the stand, as he has chosen to slan-
der the people whom I here in part represent.
He says, after he has/emoyed these troops:
" There is not, nor ever has been, any danger of Mexi-
cans crossing on our side of the river to plunder or disturb
the inhabitants; and the outcry on that river for troops, is
solely to have an expenditure of the public money."
There is the charge. Now, sir, this philoso-
pher, with boots and spurs and cocked hat and
feathers, comes to the conclusion that there has
been no invasion, and there will be none; there-
fore he removes these troops, and breaks up the
posts upon our border. I do not choose to con-
sume the time of the Senate in reading it; but, in
his letter to the Secretary of War, in"1858, some
months previous to this time, he says that his rea-
son for removing these troops is, that there is no
Government in Mcxico, and therefore there is no
necessity for troops. " A second Daniel come to
judgment." No Government in Mexico; and
therefore, says General Twiggs, there is no neces-
sity for troops on the borders.
Well, sir, in his wisdom, he came to the con-
clusion that the people of Texas merely wanted
the money of the Federal Government, and that
there was no danger of invasion, and therefore he
would remove the troops; and what was the re-
sult? We arc involved in a war. If his judgment
as to that matter fails, possibly the Senator from
Maine may admit that his judgment of the mo-
tives of those people is precisely the same—a fail-
ure and an error. They knew upon the lower
Rio Grande that they were in danger of invasion;
that these difficulties were pressing upon them,
and what would follow if these posts were broken
up. Hence they were unwilling for him to with-
draw the troops. As long as General Twiggs could
put his prejudice, his passion, in his pocket, he
spoke truly: he had not troops enough there;
therefore he withdrew them; but he could not
help making a fling at those who had gone before
