1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2949
" The first district will, I hope, be carried in any event, but
with, that shop at work full-handed tico weeks prior to tlio
election, the result would, I think, be placed beyond all
doubt.
" With much respect, W. C. PATTERSON.
" The President."
Upon the letter is the following: indorsement
written, as the gentleman's report shows, by the
■President himself:
September 15, 1858.
The inclosed letter from Colonel Patterson, of Phil-
adelphia, is submitted to the attention of the Secretary of
the Navy. 0 J. B.
The gentleman, in the report, says the writing
of such a letter "cannot be too strongly con-
demnedbut, he asks, shall the President and
Secretary be blamed for the act of Colonel Pat-
terson ? and insists that there is no proof that they
were influenced by it to give the contract to Mer-
rick & Sons. Sir, it is not for receuwigthis letter
that I blame the President, but/or the consideration
he gave it, and for submitting it to the Secretary of
the Navy, with an indorsement, in his own hand-
writing*, calling the attention of the Secretary to it.
What is the proposition contained in the letter?
It is to bribe the President and to bribe the Sec-
retary of the Navy to give the contract to Mer-
rick & Sons—the consideration, being the procure-
ment of votes, to secure the election to this House
of a friend of the Administration. The Secretary
of the Navy stood at the head of his Department
as a judge to dccide between these biddeis for the
contract; to determine, on his oath, as a judicial
officer, to whom—lookingexclusively to the pub-
lic good—the contract should be given. What
(iocs the President do? He deliberately sits down,
and by an indorsement in his own handwriting,
in which he speaks familiarly of " Colonel Patter-
son, of Philadelphia," calls the attention of the
Secretary to a letter, in which it is stated that if
the contract is given to Merrick & Sons, they will
control the vote of their establishment for Colonel
Florence, a friend of the Preside lit, and certainly
secure his election to Congress.
Who got thp contract? Merrick & Sons. Were
they the lowest bidders ? They were not. The
Novelty iron Works, the largestestablishinent of
the kind in the United States,)iroposed to do the
work for $4,000 less. Was Colonel Florence
elected ? He sits on my left here; whether elected
by Merrick & Sons, I am not certainly informed.
The fact of the President's receiving this letter,
of his considering it, and of indorsing it with his
own hand, calling to it the attention of the Secre-
tary of the Navy, has been made the subject of
free comment and debate upon the other side of
the Atlantic. The fact was stated, and elabo-
rately commented upon by Earl Grey in an argu
ment upon the reform bill, delivered in the House
of Lords, on the 19th of April of this year. Com-
paring the character of the British Government
with that of our own, he says, in speaking of the
United States:
"There has been an inquity into the state of the Navy
of the United States, and the result of that inquiry has buen
the publication of a ma« of documents which, I am muc,
no man can read without the greatest astonishment. (Jou-
tiacu arc pioved to have been habitually and avowedly
made to promote, not the interest of the public, but ©f the
individual. A physician is shown to have been appointed
to be agent for the purchase of coal, who knew nothing
about coal, who neverdul anything m the puicha^e of coal
but signing the certificate* brought to him, and who ic-
ceived the appointment in order to share with others the
profits of the contract. More than this: we have letters
addressed to the highest officeisof the Government, calling
on them to giant connects to partieulai individuals for
electioneering pui poses."
I call attention to what he says of this Patterson
letter. When I first read it my cheeks burned
with shame and indignation—with shame, that
my country should be the subject of such com-
ments; with indignation at those who made it:
{i One letter is addressed to Mr. Buchanan himself, urg-
ins him, in the strongest manner, to have the contract for
the machineiy of a i-tenm slo*p assigned to a particular
house in Philadelphia, with a view to the election. There
is no disguise It is put openly that it is of importance, in
the then state of the election, that the contract should be
given to this particular house. I appeal to your lordships,
whether, if a letter was addressed to the First Loid of the
Aclmiialty, making a demand of that kind, and it were
proved that he had listened to it for a moment, he would
not, by the universal indignation of all paities, in Parlia-
ment and out of it, be duven from the councils of the State.
[Cheers.] But the letter to which I have referred bore this
indorsement: 4 the inclosed letter from Colonel Patterson,
of Philadelphia, is submitted to the attention of the Secre-
tary of the Navy.—J. B.' [Laughter.] Such coiruption
produces its natural effects upon every interest in the
countiy.JJ
This learned and justly distinguished states-
man announces, that such a flagrant exhibition
of corruption and wrong was indicated by the
reception and consideration of this letter, by the
President and his Secretary;, that had it occurred
in the British Government.it would have resulted
in a summary and indignant dismissal from office
of the party implicated. Yet, we hear gentlemen
upon this floor, announcing that they attach very
little importance to this matter. I, sir, regard
the conduct of the President and Secretary of the
Navy as a deliberate insult to the American char-
acter; an insult to each individual voter in this
country. The President was entertaining a prop-
osition for what? To dispose of, at wholesale, the
suffrages of freemen. The proposition was noth-
ing more or less than an offer to the President for
the sale and delivery of a sufficient number of votes
to secure the election of oncof his partisans. That
it was not instantly repelled by the President, and
that its reference to the Secretary was nut indig-
nantly resented by that officer as an insult to him,
is something to be set down to their common
shame.
I wish, in this connection, to refer to the report
of the member from Virginia in support of this
resolution. On pages 50 and 51 I find the follow-
ing:
" Your committee arc aware of the very general practice
which has long prevailed ol'addiussmg, by letter and verb-
ally, to the officer of the Government, lecommcndaliotrs
ba^ed m whole or in pait upon political considerations.
The jiraclicc cannot be too strongly condemned, especially so
where it isresortcd to with a view to aJJ'ect the award of eon-
tracts.1'
The case under consideration was one where
this " practicc" teas " resorted to" for the exclu-
sive and especial purpose of securing a contract.
Instead of being rebuked by the President, it was
encouraged by him, the contract being awarded
according to the prayer of the letter. The argu-
ment of your report [pointing to Mr. Bocock] is,
that this practice and such conduct is dangerous,
and " cannot be too strongly condemned;" yet, 111
your speech to-day, the purpose of your reason-
ing is to prove that it vvghl not to be condemned.
By way of an attempt at an explanation of the
conduct of the President, it has been said, in con-
nection with this Patterson letter, that it was the
habit of the President to submit all letters ad-
dressed to him to his Secretaries,as the business
referred to in the letter, might appertain to the
transactions of the one or other of the Depart-
ments; and that it was natural for Mr. Buchanan
to refer this letter, like others, to his Secretary.
The committee called one of the Private Secreta-
ries of the President to give evidence in reference
to what was the habit of the President. What
did that witness say?
" Question* I would like to a3k you whether the PreM-
dent, 110 matter what may be the chuiacter of the letters,
dcstio\s them, or h it his practice to >end them to ins dif-
ferent Depaitrnents?
" Answer. Yos>, tir; he seiute every letter to the Depart-
ments, unless it is a silly letter or a crazy letter.35
But, if it happens to be a letter which would
tamper with the honor of the highest officer of the
Government; if it proposes to sell out the sover-
eignty of the people at the ballot-box; if it pro-
poses, in a doubtful district, to elect a Democrat
to Congress; if it proposes, in exchange for a
profitable contract, to give votes to build up and
sustain the Administration, then itis not regarded
as either silly or crazy, but it is esteemed very
proper to be, and is, submitted to the consideration
of the Secretary of the Navy. I submit that if there
is any character of communication which should
be torn up and spitupon.it is one which proposes
to bribe the highest officer of the Government.
I would like to dwell longer upon this resolu-
tion. Itis one that demands the consideration of
this House, because, as was wisely said by Wash-
ington, " the ballot-box is our palladium." When-
ever that becomes corrupted; whenever the elect-
ive franchise of the citizen comes to be lightly
regarded; whenever the right to vote is made a
matter of barter, then "Ichabod "maybe written
upon the walls of our national Capitol; for, as a
nation, our glory shall have departed.
The last resolution is:
11That the appointment by the Secretary of the Navy of
Daniel JJ. Martin, <hict engineer, as a member of the board
of engineers, to report upon proposals foi constructing ma-
chinery for the United States, the said Martin at the time
being pecuniarily interested in some of said proposals, is
hereby censured by this House."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I call the attention of the
House to what my colleague on this committee
[Mr. Bocock] says in his report about the mat-
ter involved in this resolution. His statement of
the facts is an admission that this man Martin
was interested in the contracts awarded; that this
interested party wasplaced on a board of engineers
to determine to whom these contracts should be
given. Though he cannot find any faalt with the
contracts themselves, he says, "it would have
been more proper and satisfactory if another per-
son than Mr. Martin had been selected." Why?
Because he was interested in the contracts on
which lie was called to pass. I ask the gentle-
man fram Virginia how itis, that he can admit, in
his report, that it was wrong, yet, by his course
on the resolutions, seem to deny that it was wrong?
I cannot reconcilc these conflicting positions of
the honorable member
I am making no reflections on him, but simply
referring to facts to sustain iny own report, rlis
argument is, that although it was improper, al-
though it ought to have been otherwise, yet he
docs not think it resulted in any harm to the coun-
try. That is not the question, Jtfr. Speaker ! It is
whether what we say in this resolution is true or
not. Was it improper for the Secretary to ap-
point a man on the board, to determine between
contractors, who was himself interested, in the
awards to be made, and who, the Secretary of the
Navy had been expressly informed, was thus in-
terested? I submit it to gentlemen on the floor,
without rcfci-cnce to party, whether that was not
wrong? If wrong, shall we not say so when we
come to vote " ay"or u no" on the proposition?
I have nowreferred to each of these resolutions,
and to the particuiarphraseologyofeach,andhave
referred to the leport of the lionorable member
from Virginia, as furnishing authority for the dec-
larations which constitute the very substance of
the resolutions themselves. The report which I
have made recommends their adoption. I do not
ask that any weight be given to our recommenda-
tion, especially as the Secretary of the Navy and
his friend, the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Bocock,] have both expressed dissatisfaction at
its organization. The gentleman from Virginia
thinks it strange that the member from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] should be on it, as he is upon another
important committee. Is it less singular that the
member himself should be on it? The acknowl-
edged leaders of their respective parties in this
flail; alike distinguished for their superior ability;
their connection with the committee, furnished
ample security against the party friends of either
suffering for want, of proper representation. But
it is the Secretary of the Navy who seems most
disturbed at the arrangement of thiscommittee. In
his letter to me, of the 11th instant, he manifests
evident dissatisfaction at the fact that the mem-
ber from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] was put by you
upon this committee. He would have arranged it
differently. That the chairman of the Ways and
Means Committee should be at the foot of this,
disturbs him, and he declares his displeasure to
me, as chairman of the committee. I have no
doubt, sir, he dislikes it, and I am not astonished
that he docs. At the head of a Department, in
which, according to the statements of the friends,
as well as the foes of the Administration, there is
the grossest corruption, he is naturally anxious
about the chaiacter of those whose duty it may be
to examine into its condition. The language of
Ccesar, in speaking to Antony about Cassius, has
to him, at this time, much significance: v
" Let me have men about me that arc fat;
Sleek-headed men, and Mich as sleep o' nights:
Yond5 Caputs has a lean and hungiy look;
He thinks too much ;
He is a t ivat observer, and he looks
Qmtc thiough the deeds of men.1'
Such men are dangerous."
So thinks the honorable Secretary, and kcnce
his objection to your appointment of the member
from Ohio upon this committee. That member
(pointing at Mr. Sherman, who is very tall and
very lean) is not only not " fat," but he " thinks
much;" and, as the Secretary has discovered, is
disposed to look "quite through the deeds of
men," and, to one in the Secretary's condition,
i1 is dangerous."
Just here, Mr. Speaker, I would state that the
present is the first instance in the history of this
Government where the head of one of Its De-
