2006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
bound to that pledge. The Senate did not issue
the summons. I shall therefore retire; and if I
could have any influence in advising others, I
would advise all who do not wish to submit to
this imposition of an accidental fullness of that
side of the House, and an unexpected thinness on
this side, to retire, to leave the majority to do
what they please; and I do hope, leaving them
thus, they will pass the House bill.
Mr. WADE and others. That is what we
want.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not like to have a
misapprehension go out through the country.
The Senator from South Carolina is mistaken in
regard to one side of the Senate having left more
than another. If he will look around, he will see
that there are some absent Senators on this side.
There arc certainly three gentlemen who sit ordi-
narily on this side of the Chamber who are not
here; and I think if they arc all paired—and I am
not sure whether they are or not—if you will add
six to the number now in the Chamber, it will be
equal to the number that has been here at any
tinlb to-day. 1 do not wish the impression to go
out that an attempt is being make to take advant-
age of a thin Senate.
Mr. HAMMOND. Certainly the Senator from
Illinois does not see this row of empty benches
here.
Mr. HAMLIN. Look into the ante-room.
Mr. HAMMOND. We are not half full here.
These are spectators behind. [Laughter.]
Mr. GREEN. 1 move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 21, noes 33.
Mr. SLIDELL. My motion, I believe, is now
ponding.
The'"PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
motion before (he Senate. Ft is moved that the
further consideration of this bill bo postponed
until to-morrow afternoon a? three o'clock, and
then made the special order for that time.
Mr. HALE. Before the vote is taken on that
question, I want to ask, in order to govern my
own vote, if it is the intention at that time to pro-
ceed to a vote ?
Mr. SEIDELL. That is my intention.
Mr. HUOWN. 1 hope that that motion may
prevail. It is new nearly half past six o'clock.
"1 think, sir, it is now apparent that wo cannot
have a vote upon so important a proposition as
this to-night. The appeals of my friends on this
side that our people aie absent have not struck
me very forcibly. It is then business to be here;
and the public, business is not to be mteirnpted
because Senators choose voluntarily to absent
themselves. Seiintois were in their places two
hours ago; they knew that this question was
under consideration, and they left. 1 do not
mean to postpone public business because Sena-
tors choose voluntarily to retire from the Cham-
ber. They ought to be here. The public busi-
ness, public duty, requues that they should stay
here and tiansaet the public business, and these
appeals for adjournment because Senatoi s are ab-
sent do not strike me very highly. I shall go
now for this postponement until to-morrow at
three o'clock, and then 1 shall vole persistently
with the friends of the measure, if it take us all
to-morrow evening and to-morrow night, until
we get a full vote upon it. The question is too
impoitant, sir, to be jgnoicd; and Senators mis-
take if they think they can cast it away, get clear
of it, elbow it out. It has got to be of too much
consequence for that. We may as well make up
our minds at once to meet it fair and square, and
vote for it in all it-? phases, or vote against it.
Now it has been said several times that Senators
arc absent, and that we ought not to have the
vote. Perhaps that is accidental. Let us take
an adjournment over until to-morrow evening,
with the full understanding alter that, when the
question comes up again and Senators on either
side absent themselves, there is to be no account
taken of it, but we arc to go on and settle the
question. With that feeling, I will go for the
motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Mis-
sissippi will allow me, I will state it is known
that several Senators arc about to leave the city
for one of the conventions, and 1 doubt if you
will get a fuller Senate to-morrow than you have
got to-day.
Mr. FlTCH. In connection with the subject
to which the Senator from Illinois has just al-
luded, I desire to offer a resolution,without ask-
ing for its consideration to-day. I will call it up
to-morrow:
Resolved, That when the Senato adjourns to-morrow, it
adjourn to meet on Monday, the 14th instant; and when it
adjourns on that day, it adjourn to meet on Thursday, the
17th mstant; and when it adjourns on that day, it adjourn
to meet on Monday, the 21&t.
Mr. HAMLIN. I object to the reception of
the resolution.
Mr. HAMMOND. I move that the bill before
the Senate, with all the accompanying amend-
ments, be laid upon the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is al-
ready a motion before the Senate to postpone it
until to-morrow.
Mr. SLIDELL. As the proposition docs not
appear to meet with favor on the other side, I
will withdraw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion now is on the motion to lay the bill and
amendments on the table.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. Pres-
ident 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
not debatable.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I merely wish
to say to my friend from Louisiana, that we must
all see what this is to result in 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from South Carolina withdraw his motion
to lay on the table ?
Mr. HAMMQND. Certainly, for a moment,
if the Senator will renew it, or allow me the floor
to do it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I merely wish
to state this: we have got into a squabble, but
there seems to be good feeling at the same time;
and I think the proposition of the Senator from
Louisiana is made in fairness on this side.
Mr. SLIDELL. I beg the Senator's pardon;
I have withdrawn it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I know that;
but I was going to say that the Senator had made
a motion to postpone the further consideration of
the bill until to-morrow at three o'clock. It seems
to me, if we will all act in good faith, that that
can be carried out, with the understanding that it
will be postponed until to-morrow,after the Sen-
ator from Illinois concludes his speech; and then
it can be. voted upon until final action is had.
Mr. MASON. I wish to state that I am no
party to that undeistanding.
Mr. RICE. I desire to say to the honorable
Senator from Tennessee, that the same proposi-
tion which he now makes was made some days
ago, and the bill was postponed upon that under-
standing, although the Senate were not unanimous
upon the subject, that it should be taken up some
days ago; but, to use the words of the Senator
from Mississippi, it has been elbowed out for
speeches upon this thing, and upon that, and upon
the other, and for special orders. I want to have
the thing brought to a test; and 1 am willing to
sit here for the next three weeks, so far as I am
concerned, until we dispose of it.
Mr. HAMMOND. 1 should myself be. per-
fectly willing to acrec to the proposition of the
Senator from Louisiana and the Senator from Ten-
nessee; but as it seems to meet with objection all
around, 1 renew my motion to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. WADE. 1 will ask the yeas and nays
upon that motion. That will be a test question.
Air. i>ROWN. Oh, no; it will consume time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator insist on his cull for the yeas and nays5
Mr. SLIDELL. I renew the call, if the Senator
withdraw s it.
Mr. OLINGMAN. As wc came within two
votes of adjourning just now, I am in hopes that
we are much stronger at present; and I now renew
the motion to adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays. Let us have a test, and see
how the Senate will determine.*
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Mp<sr<*. Bigler, Bragg. Chesnut, Clay, Chngman,
Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Green, Jianimowl, Hemphill, Hunter,
Johnson ot Aikan^as Lane, Latham, Mason, Nicholson,
Polk. Powell, Pugli, Sebastian, Slideil, Toombs, WigfalJ,
and Ynlec.~24.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Brown, Cameron,
Chandler, Clark, Collamor, Dixon, Doohttle, Douglas, T)nr-
kee. Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Hamlm, Harlan, Johnson
of Tennessee, Kmp,Kicc, Seward, Simmons, Sumner, Ten
Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—28.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. HAMMOND. I now ask for the yeas and
nays on my motion to lay the bill on the table;
which, I suppose,'is next in order.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FOOT. I have paired off with the Senator
from Georgia [Mr. Iverson] upon this bill for the
afternoon.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brag<r, Chccnut, Clingman, Fitzpatrick,
Green, l-Iammond, Hemphill, Iluntor, Johnson of Aikansas,
Mason, Powell, Pugh, Sebastian, Slidell, Toombs, Wigfall,
and Yulee—17.
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Bigler, Bingham, Brown,
Cnmeion, Chandler, Clark,' Collamor, Dixon. Doolitile,
Douglas, Durkcc, Fitch, Foster, Grimes, Gwm, Hale, Ilam-
lm, Ilarian, Jolnison of Tennessee, Kins, Latham, Nichol-
son, Polk, Rice, Seward, Simmons, Sumner, TenJSyck,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wfelson.—33.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, this bill, as it came
from the Committee on Public Lands, as I said
before, met with my hearty approval, and I hoped
that we would this day be able to get a vote upon
it, and pass it; but the amendment that has been
adopted obstructs the passage of the bill. It very
materially affects its provisions; and it is such an
amendment as I do not like. I do not want to vote
for the bill with that amendment in it, if I can help
it; though in saying that, I desire all to know that
I am in favor of the bill as reported by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. It was the subject of
serious consideration there, and of careful delib-
eration for many hours. The last day the com-
mittee had this bill under consideration, they spent
some eight hours over it, and worked faithfully
and ardently, with a desire of placing this matter
in such a shape that it would meet the approval of
the Senate, of the other House, and of the coun-
try; but the amendment that has been adopted, as
I have just stated, has so changed its provisions
that I think the Senate ought not to pass it. I con-
sider it an important matter, as it affects the set-
tlement, of the frontier portion of our country—
the outside portions of it. It places it in the power
ofeveryman whowantsahometogctitattwentj*-
five cents an acre; and he can have the land for
five years as a home for himself and his family
until he can earn that amount of money, and pay
for the land at that price. Then, why will gentle
men throw in an obstruction here that would haz-
ard the passage of a bill that has for its purpose
I objects so just and important as this; and prevent
the passage of a bill that would not only advanco
the settlement of the country, and bring into requi-
sition the frontier portion of it, but would place it
in the power of every man who desired a home
to obtain it at that small rate?
1 ask, therefore, that wc may have a vote upon
this bill and pass it, and that the gentleman who
moved this amendment, or some one who voted
for it, will move a reconsideration of the vote upon
the amendment, in order that wc may again have
an opportunity of voting upon it. If it is, after
due consideration, adopted, then I say to the Sen-
ate and the country, that I will not vote for the
bill, though there is no man who would go fur-
ther than I would to place it in the power of every
laboring man that wants a home to get it at the
smallest price. The committee did this in pre-
paring the bill, and reporting it in the shape in
which it came to the Senate; and why gentlemen
who pretend that they want to plage it in tho
power of the poor man to obtain a home at a low
price, when wc have a bill reported as near a
homestead as they could desire—as near, without
money and without price, as they could wish—
should now insist on passing it with this objec-
tionable feature, I cannot tell. It seems to me
they want to place it in some position that would
hazard its passage, in order that they may say
they were anxious to give to the landless land,
and to the homeless a home. I act in good faith;
I am for the bill; I want it to pass; but I do not
want it embarrassed in this way. It seems to me
that those members of the committee on that sido
of the House who spent eight hours and a half of
one day in maturing this bill and in preparing it,
and gave their consent to its being reported as pre-
pared by that committee, and who said:'4 report it
as it is, and we will pass it," and who approve it in
