2950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
partmenta either expressed any objection to the
organization of a committee, or protested against
an investigation of, and judgment upon, his offi-
cial conduct. Instances have occurred where in-
vestigation was courted by heads of Departments.
Now, we have one saying to us, you have no
power to pass in judgment upon my actions; you
violate my prerogatives when you attempt it.
May I, an humble Representative of the people,
ask:
" Upon what meat doth this our Ctesar feed,
That he has grown si* great ? "
I again repeat that I do not ask members to
attach any weight to our recommendation as a
committee. With confidence I refer them to the
evidence upon which it is based, and acting upon
that, I challenge them to oppose the adoption of
these resolutions.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I remark, an issue
is directly made up with this House by the hon-
orable Secretary. Whatever may have been his
conduct, he says to us, " You have no power to
declare your disapprobation, cxcept by an im-
peachment." In the few minutes of my time unex-
pired, I shall not renew my argument uport this
question. 1 claimforthis House only such powers
as Jackson and Clay, and Calhoun and Webster,
believed itpossessed; such as have been exercised
by the Parliament of England, as every intelli-
fcntinan knows, since thedays of the Stuarts. An
Inglish king, who is supposed to rule " by divine
right," who, according to a fiction of their laws,
" can do no wrong," is still, in the acts of his ad-
ministration, the subject of censure by the Parlia-
ment. And the popular branch of that body,
upon which this House is modeled, does not hes-
itate to pass judgment upon the conduct even of
the House of Lords. A pioposition of this kind
is now pending in the House of Commons, con-
demning the House of Lords for their action in
regard to a revenue bill. And in that Govern-
ment, where the opinions of the people are not
supposed to have as much weight ns in our own,
whenever even the policy of the Cabinet, much
less its official integrity, is unfavorably passed upon
by the representatives of the people, a dissolution
of the Cabinet, and the formation of a new one,
is the immediate result. The British Cabinet of-
ficer is sensitively alive to the estimate in which
his administration is held by the Commons. He
makes no protest when they would disapprove.
Not so with our Secretary of the Navy, in that
game spirit which gave birth to the alien and sedi-
tion laws of 1798, he comes heie with a protest
pleading his prerogatives as a branch of the ex-
ecutive department of the Government, and deny-
ing to \\s any right to disapprove his conduct. And
with a freedom from nice sensibility, which we
might excuse in an arraigned criminal in one of
the courts of this District, but which could hardly
have been expected in a Cabinet officer, he insists
that this Congress cannot base an expression of
opinion of his acta upon proof taken during the
last Congress!
Yes, sir, pleas in abatement, and statutes of
limitation arc now resorted to by the head of a
Department and his friends on this floor; and the
question as to whether he has acted badly and
wronged the country, is forbidden to be inquired
into!
It is further intimated by the Secretary that the
finding of our committee is based upon ex parte
proof, and that he has not had full opportunity
to defend himself. Were this statement true, then
the Secretary has been wronged. But it is most
erroneous. So far from its being true, it is a fact
that he was represented, and most ably, at the
taking of the proof. It was all furnished him as
it was taken, and full liberty given him to cross-
examine, and to introduce his own witnesses.
When the resolutions were referred to our com-
mittee,at the opening of this session, I addressed
a letter to the Secretary, telling him that the res-
olutions were, before us for consideration; that
we would hear any suggestion or receive any evi-
dence he desired to present that would throw any
light on the propriety of adopting or rejecting the
resolutions; but he did not answer us. I then
saw him in person, and in substance repeated
what I had written, and assured him of our dis-
position to give him the fullest opportunity of
vindicating himself. Although he communicated
with us on other subjects, it was not until after I
had made my report to the House that this letter
from the Secretary made its appearance, and we
were told that we were transcending the limits of
the law, in attempting the adoption of these res-
olutions.
Now, sir,so far as I am individually concerncd,
I care not whether these resolutions are adopted
or not; but I want to sec which one of the Repre-
sentatives of the people upon this floor is unwill-
ing that Congress shall hold to a proper account-
ability the executive officers of this Government.
I hope I properly respect the office of the Presi-
dent and of his Secretary; I hope I so respect my-
self as to be unwilling to do either injustice; but,
when the one or the other overleaps the bounds
of propriety, as well as the law, and undertakes
to indicate to me how 1 shall perform the offices
which I was sent here to discharge, I tell him that
it is not to him that I am responsible, but to my
constituents; and if I decline to be controlled by
his instructions, he must pardon me.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I desire to say that,
if it is decided by this vote that we cannot express
our disapprobation of the Secretary; that, as he
insists, all we can do is to impeach, the time may
shortly come when such a thing as an impeach-
ment may be heard of in the American Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for a separate vote
upon the resolutions.
Mr. BOCOCK. I move to lay the resolutions
upon the table; and on that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 65, nays 120; as follows:
YEAS—Mps^. Allen, Avery, Baiksdale, Barr, Bocock,
Bouham, Bureh, Burnett, Clopton, Cobb, John Cochran*',
Cox, James Ciajg, Burton Craige, Crawlord, l)e Jauiette,
Dnnmiek, Edmund«on, English, Florence, Fouke, Garnett,
Gartrcll, Hamilton, John T. Harris, Hmdman, Holman,
Houston, William Howaid, Hughes, Jack-.on, Jenkins,
Jones, Keitt, L.imhum, Lmiabee, Leake, Logan, Love,
Charles D. Maitm, Elbeit S. Martin, McCluecn, McRae,
Millson, Montgomeiy,Niblack, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps,
Iteagan, Kuthn, Scott, Sickles, Simms-, Snigluton, William
Smith, Stalhvortb, James A. Stewait, Stout, Taylor,
Thomas, Underwood, Vallandigham,Whiteley, and Wnght
—65.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
rain, Aldrich, Alley, William C. Anderson, Ashley, Bab-
bitt, Beale, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Bouhgny,
Brabson, Braj ton, Bustow, Buffinton, Buttcrfield, Camp-
bell, Ca ey,Caitcr, Ca-«, Ilotace F. Clark, Colfax, Covodc,
Curtis, H. Winter Davis, John G. Davis, Dawes, Delano,
Duel!, Dunn, Edjierton, Farnswoith, Fenton, Feny, Foster,
Frank. French, Gilmer, Gooeh, Giaham, Grow, Gutley,
Hale, Hall, Hardeman, J. Mornson Harris, liaskm, Hatton,
Helmick, Hickman, HiU, Hoaid, William A. Howard,
Humphrey, Hutching hvine, Junkm, Francis W. Ivellogg,
William Kellogg, Kenvon, Kilhngci, DeWitt C. Leach,
Jame*. M. Leaeli, Lee, Longneckei, Loomis, Lovejoy, Mal-
loiy, Marston, Mavnaid, McKnight. McPhcrson, Mill ward,
Laban T Moore, Moorliead, Mouill, Edwaid Joy Morris,
Isaac N. Morris, Nelson, Ni\o , Ohn, Perry, Pcttit, Porter,
Potter, Pottle, Quailcs, Chustopher Robinson, Kojce,
Scranton, Sheiman, William N. II. Smith, Somes, Spauld
ing, Spmnei, Stanton, Steven4*, William Stewart, Stoke*,
Stratum, Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins, Train, Trimble,
Vance, Vandcvcr, Van Wvck, Yeriee, Wade, Walton,
CadwaladerC. Washburn, Ellihu B. Wa^hburne, Webster,
Well*, Wilson, Windom, and Woodruff—120.
So the House refused to lay the resolutions
upon the table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. COBB stated that Mr. Ashmore was de-
tained from the House by sickness, and had paired
off for the day with Mr. Coiiwin.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, stated that he had
paired off with Mr. Blair, of Missouri, on these
resolutions. Mr. Blair would have voted against
laying the resolutions on the table, and he [Mr.
Clark] would have voted for it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, stated that he had
paired off with Mr. Schwartz.
Mr. CASE stated that Mr. Kilgore had paired
off with Mr. Robinson, of Tlhnois, for the morn-
ing session; and that he had paired off with Mr.
Robinson for the evening session.
Mr. MAYNARD stated that Mr. Etheridge
had left the House on account of indisposition,
and had paired off with Mr. Pojst. Mi'.-Ether-
idge would have voted for the resolutions.
Mr. THEAKER stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Davidson, or he should have voted
" no."
Mr. HUGHES announced that Mr. Ivunkel
was paired off with Mr. Wood.
Mr. BURNETT stated that Mr, Stevenson
was detained from the House by sickness.
The result of the vote having been announced
as aboved recorded, the question recurred upon
agreeing to the first resolution reported by the
Committee on the Expenditures of the Navy De-
partment, and which is as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy has, with the
sanction of the President, abused his discretionary power
in the selection of a coal agent, and in the purchase of fuel
for the Government.
Mr. HUGHES. Before the vote is taken, I
desire, as one of the minority of the committee,
to-address the House very briefly. X shall prob-
ably not occupy more than five minutes.
Tlfe SPEAKER. The gentleman can proceed
by unanimous consent.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
Mr. HATTON. I hope the gentleman will be
heard.
Mr. HUGHES. As a matter of courtesy, I
think I should be allowed to say something.
Mr. FLORENCE. I suggest that by general
consent, several gentlemen who want an oppor-
tunity to speak be heard. I have been very fre-
quently assailed, both upon this floor and else-
where, and I want an opportunity to reply.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move that my colleague
will have leave to speak for ten minutes upon this
subject.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. And the gentleman
from Maryland.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not ask it. I will
take some other occasion to defend myself against
the unjustifiable assaults which have been made
upon me in my character as a Representative
upon this floor.
Mr. HICKMAN. My reason for asking that
my colleague should be heard, was because I
knew that ]f he had an opportunity he would sup-
port these resolutions ably. [Laughter.]
Mr. HUGHES. I supposed I was entitled to
the courtesy of being heard as a member of the
minority of the committee, but as the Houae
seems impatient for the sacrifice, I yield.
The question was taken on the first resolution;
and it was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the second resolu-
tion; which is as follows:
Resolved, That the contract made by the Secretary of the
Navy, under date of September 23, 1858, with William C
N. Swift, for the delivery of live-oak timber, was made in
violation of law, and in a manner unusual, improper, and
injurious to the public service.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky, demanded the yeaa
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 119, nays 60; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Aid-
rich, Alley, William C. Anderson, Ashley, Babbitt, Beale,
Bingham, Samuel S. Blair. Blake, Bolder, Brabson, Bray-
ton," Bristow, Buffinton, Builinsrame, Buttcrfield, Camp-
boil, Carey, Carter, Case, IIoi ace "F. Clark, Colfax, Covode.
Curtis, IL Winter Davis, John G. Davis,, Dawes, Delano,
Duel!, Dunn, Edgciton, Famswotth, Fenton, Feriv, Foster,
Frank, French, Gilmer, Gooch, Graham, Grow, Gniley,
Hale, Hall, Hardeman, J. Monison Harris, Ila*kin, Hat-
ton, Hclmiek, Hiekman. Hill, Hoaid, William A. Howard,
Ilumplney, I-lutchins, Irvine, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg,
William Kellogg, Kenyon, Killniger, DeWitt C. Leach,
James M. Leach, Loe,Longnecker, Loomis,Lovejoy,Mal-
lory, Mart-ton, Maynard, McKean, McKnmht, McPherson,
Miilward, Laban T.Moore, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward
Joy Monis, Isaac N. Morns, Nelson, Nixon, Olin, Pcttit,
Porter, Potter, Pottle, Pryor4 Qnarlo*, Riggs, Christopher
Robinson, Sherman, William N. II. Smith, Somes, Spauid-
nig, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, William Stewart, Stokes,
Stratton, Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins, Tiain, Trimble,
Vance, Vandever, Van Wvck, Verree, Wade, Walton,
Cadwalader C.Washburn, Eihhu B. Washburnc, Webster,
Welb, Wilson, Windom, and Woodruff— 1J9.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Avery, Bocock, Bonham, Burch,
Bui nett, Clopton, Cobb, Cox, James Craig, Burton Craige,
Crawford, Curry, De Jarnette, Dimmick, Edmundson,
English, Florence, Fouke, Gattrell, Hamilton, John T.
Harris, Hindman, Holman, Houston, William Howard,
Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins,'Jones, Keitt, Landium, Lar-
rabee, Leake, Logan, Love, Maclay, Chailcs D. Martin,
McQueen, MeRne, Millson, Niblaek, Pendleton, Peyton,
Phelps, Reagan, Ruffin, Scott, Sickles, Simm^, Singleton,
William Smith, Stallworth, James A. Stewait, Stout,
Thomas, Underwood,Valiandigham, Wbitciey,and Wright
-CO.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. BARKSDALE stated that he had paired
with Mr. Royce upon these resolutions.
Mr. STRATTON said ho had been requested
to state that his colleague, Mr. A drain, had been
called home by indisposition in his family.
Mr. MILLSON said: I have not sufficient
knowledge of the facts upon which these resolu-
tions are founded to enable me to vote undcr-
standmgly upon them. I shall vote " no," to in-
