1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1083
Mr. DAVIS. In the document you hold in
your hand.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish some one to explain
it. It may be somewhere there. I have read
only half through. I do not object to giving a
regiment to Texas. My principal objection is,
that it is hurried through before we can find out
what it is. 1 should like this to be left until we
go home to-night and read the documents, and
find out whether there is any reasonable cause
for it. It seems that this bill is brought up as if
it were sure to be effective to-morrow, if it were
passed. Every time it is brought up it is on the
heel of a long debate, when everybody is ex-
hausted. This document, 1 believe, was only
ordered to be printed yesterday, and I saw if for
the first time this morning when I came here and-
began to read it. 1 am inclined to vote, in some
form or other, for a proper measure; and I think
the suggestions of the Senator from Mississippi,
the chairman of the committee,are very sound
ones. I do not, however, see any purpose of Gov-
ernor Houston to take this matter in his own
hands. I see, as far as I have read, that two com-
panies of Texans were somewhere near this battle-
field, and were put under Major Heintzelman, a
United States officer, and fought this battle with
him and drove these folks out; and I think I read
in a note from him to somebody else that these
two would be enough. Perhaps I did not under-
stand it, though.
Mr. DAVIS. I think he merely means enough
for the defense of Brownsville. Our frontier is a
very long one.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not mean to vote any
money, if I can help it, without knowing what it
is for; and I do not mean to object to voting money
when lam satisfied it is for a good purpose; but
I do not think it is quite right to force people to
read documents when gentlemen are addressing
the Senate whom they want to hear. That is the
objection. ■ *
Mr. WIGFALL. You will not get any tariff,
if you reject this.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not vote money out of
the Treasury here in order to get a tariff. I
think we had better look to it, and see that we
have not to hire any more money. I am willing
to vote the money, if I can read the documents,
and be satisfied in my own mind that it is wanted;
but, if you are determined to push it through, af-
ter six o'clock, when we are all exhausted and
cannot read the papers, it is a singular kind of
legislation. If there has been any purpose to de-
lay this measure by any factious disposition, I
have not seen it.
Mr. GWIN Does not the Senator know that
the reason the bill has not passed is because we
have extended o.ourtesy to gentlemen who had
prepared speeches on a question which was not
pressing at all, and have now given away two
days on an appropriation bill in order to extend
that courtesy to those gentlemen?
Mr. SIMMONS. I suppose if this appropria-
tion bill had passed as it came from the House,
there would be no objection to it.
Mr. GWIN. But a pressing necessity requires
the amendment.
Mr. SIMMONS. Why was it not estimated
from the Department and sent here?
Mr. GWIN. It has been estimated here.
Mr. SIMMONS. It came in yesterday, as I
understand. Before that, this had been urged on
the Senate without any estimates at all. They
came in last night, and they have been printed,
and we have not yet read them. If there was any
necessity to print them, it was that Senators might
have an opportunity to read them and understand
them. The Senator says this bill has been pend-
ing three or four days; but I never heard of any
estimates until last night.
Mr. GWIN. Docs not Ihe Senator know that
the Senator from Mississippi reported a bill on ;
estimates from the Committee on Military Af- j
fairs, and stated the facts to the Senate? It has
never heretofore been required to have printed
estimates, when a committee of that standing has
reported a bill on estimates sent to it.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 say as I said before, as we
have these printed we should have an opportu-
nity to read them. He reported the bill yester-
day, and it was thought by the Senate better to
print these communications, that we might judge
whether the money was necessary. I agree great
deference should be paid to committees, and I
generally do so; but as this is a little extraordi-
nary, I must confess 1 do not exactly see through
it.
Mr. DAVIS. I will say to the Senator from
Rhode Island, that when I voted yesterday against
the printing, it was because it was already on
your table printed in the Daily Globe. Our very
skillful and rapid reporters had taken it down as
read at the desk, and it was in the Globe.
Mr. SIMMONS. I had not seen it at a]], and
did not know it was there. I should like it to go
over.
Mr. HEMPHILL. Some remarks have been
made here in regard to the evacuation of the forts
on the Rio Grande. In justice to the delegation
who have been here, as well as to myself, 1 feel
bound to say that I understood that the delega-
tion that was here at the time of General Hender-
son, protested against the removal of these posts.
Last year a very strong memorial was sent by the
citizens of Brownsville, addressed to the Secretary
of War, and presented by myself and Colonel
Ward, then Senator, in March last, to the Secre-
tary of War, and urged with all the zeal and argu-
ments we could use. I did not hear then any goo3
reason, and never heard any since, for the evac-
uation of the posts. The object was to concen-
trate troops on the northern frontier. It was a
very good object, but the troops ought not to have
been taken from the lower Rio Grande for that
purpose.
The question being taken on the amendment to
the amendment, by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas
8, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bingham, Doolittie, Foster, Hale, Har-
lan, King, Sumner, and Ten Eyck—8.
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bigler, Brags. Brown, Ches-
nut, Clingman, Davis, Douglas, Fc=sendcn, Fitzpatnck,
Gwin, Hammond, Hemphill, Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas,
Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Mason, Poweli, Sebastian, Sli-
deli, and Wigfail—23.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is not a
quorum voting.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 8, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PINKS, ETC., OF MAIL CONTRACTORS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Post
Office Department, communicating orders of the
Postmaster General for fines, deductions, &c.,
from the pay of mail contractors, from July 3,
1850, to June 30, 1859; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
PRINTING DEFICIENCIES,
The SPEAKEP>. also laid before the House a
communication from tbt Superintendent of Pub-
lic Printing, submitting estimates for deficiencies
for printing, &c.; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
JAMES S. CAMPBELL.
Mr. DUELL. I was absent the other day
when the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
was called for reports; and I desire now to report
a bill from that committee, for the purpose of hav-
ing it referred to a Committee of the Whole.
There was no objection.
Mr. DUELL then, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill for the re-
lief of James'S. Campbell; which was read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. BURCH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the payment of expenses incurred
in the suppression of Indian hostilities in the
State of California; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
CALIFORNIA MAILS.
Mr. BURCHalso, by unanimous consent,pre-
sented concurrent resolutions of the California
Legislature, praying for a Sunday mail between
San Francisco and Sacramento City, on certain
occasions.
Also, concurrent resolutions of the California
Legislature, asking appropriations for certain mail
routes in the northern portion of the State. *
The resolutions were referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered
to be printed.
UNITED STATES CONSULATE AT MALTA-.
t Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to;
Resolved, That tlie Committee on Foreign Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill
allowing a fixed annual salary to the United States consulate
at Malta.
ELECTION OF TERRITORIAL OFFICERS, ETC.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to introduce a bill for
the purpose of reference merely.
The Clerk read the title of the bill, as follows:
A bill granting lands to actual settlers in the
Territories, and for the election of all territorial
officers by the people, and for other purposes.
Mr. BURNETT. I object.
Mr. KELLOG, of Illinois. I merely want to
have the bill referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories. Other bills of the same character have been
referred to that committee.
Mr. BURNETT. Well, sir, I withdraw the
objection.
The bill was then read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Territories.
ORGANIZATION OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. BRANCH. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire and report whether any legislation is
necessary, and can be adopted consistently with the Con-
stitution, to facilitate the organization of the House of Rep-
resentatives, and to preserve its order and regulate its pro-
ceedings previously to tlie eleetion of its Speaker.
[Cries of" That is right!" from the Republican
benches.]
Mr. McKNIGHT. I understand that the Com-
mittee on Rules has that subject under consider-
ation.
Mr. STEVENS, of Penftsylvania. Oh, the
resolution is right. f
Mr. McKNIGHT. I do not object to it.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Icall for the regular order
of business.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to introduce a bill for
reference merely.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
RAILROAD LANDS FOR NEBRASKA.
The SPEAKER.. Objection being made, noth-
ing can bo done which is out of order. The reg-
ular order of business is the consideration of a
hill reported yesterday from the Committee on
Public Lands, granting alternate sections of pub-
lic lands to aid in the construction of certain rail-
roads in the Territory of Nebraska; the pending
question being upon the motion to recommit the
bill to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I made the motion
yesterday that that bill should be printed. It is
a very important bill, and has just been printed.
I desire, when the motion is taken up, to address
the House. I came here this morning so severely
indisposed that it is impossible for me to do it to-
day, and 1 ask, as a favor of the House, that the
bill be postponed"for one week from to-day.
Mr. GROW. I desire to know to whattime of
day the gentleman desires to postpone it. 1 shall
ob]ect to its coming up in the morning hour.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. The committees will
all be through by that time, and it will not inter-
fere with anything.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
has a right to make the motion to postpone.
Mr. HOUSTON. I shall object to the Mil
coming up after the morning hour. It is morning-
hour business.
Mr. GROW. What is the postponement pro-
posed? What is the motion of the gentleman
from Indiana?
