1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43
paymg his personal respects to him, as thousands
of other gentlemen are in the habit of doing, with-
out regard to party politics; but that he ever called
there for the purpose of entering into a political
bargain, or that Judge Douglas ever entertained
or received any such proposition, I utterly repu-
diate and deny. I know I am safe in denying it,
and it does seem to me that this is a late hour and
an uhpropitous moment to introduce a matter of
this kind.
Judge Douglas is responsible for his own con-
duct and needs no defense at my hands. The
whole history of his political life repels the charge
that has been made by my colleague, and I have
no doubt that if he thinks it worthy of his con-
sideration he will repel it over his own signature,
or perhaps m his place in the Senate. He is not
one who is in the habit of making political bar-
gains, but always stands upon the strength of his
own principles. I rose,Mr. Clerk, for the purpose,
as I stated in the outset, not of entering into any
general discussion, but, as I believe it was my duty
to do, being the only Democratic member from
Illinois in this who was in the last Congress, to
give my fixed and unalterable belief that the
charge against the distinguished Senator from Illi-
nois is utterly without foundation.
I have not intended, no matter what issues
might be presented, particularly at this stage of
our proceeding, to enter into any general discus-
sion, There is a good deal of ill-blood in the
House. Members are easily excited. I believe
it is time to organize. I do not come here with
any spirit of insubordination or with any factious
intent. I came here as an humble Representative
of my constituents, to aid, as far as in my power,
in the discharge of public duties, and I want to be
about it.
Sir, it may be, if these exciting discussions are
to be continued, that unpleasant if not fatal con-
sequences will ensue. A few more such scenes
as wo had on this floor yesterday, and we will
hear the crack of the revolver, and see the gleam
of the brandished blade. Who desires that state
of things? Had we not better be a little more
conservative m Our tone and temper? Itwould be
quite as well. I think the discussion pertaining
to the matters which have, been brought before the
House is entirely out of place. I did not agree
with the gentleman from Virginia,[Mr.Garnett,]
yesterday, when he said he would talk, and talk
at all hazards; because I think this talking is cal-
culated to do no good. In other words, I believe
it is calculated, or will eventuate, in kindling the
fires of sectional discord, and cause them to burn
still more and more intensely. Let vis, then, go
about our business, and away with this useless
discussion.
If my colleague has any difficulty with Mr.
Greeley, I hope he will go over to New York and
settle it, and not come before the House with it.
We have other concerns of national importance
to attend to here. Greeley reads him out of the
Republican party, and he turns around and reads
Greeley out of that party, both using pretty hard
words towards each other. It is a family fight,
and let it be settled between them—it is none of
our concern which whips. I hope, therefore, Mr.
Clerk, that these discussions will terminate, and
that no more newspaper paragraphs will be thrust
upon the House.
While upon the floor, and before I resume my
seat, I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That ho debate shall be allowed in the House
until alter its organization; provided, nothing herein con-
tained shall pievcnt any member from interrogating candi-
dates upon questions of public concernmcnt and the can-
didates from responding to said inten ogatories.
I know, sir, that, at this stage of the proceed-
ing, the resolution is not in order, but I hope it
will be received ond adopted without objection,
Mr. GARNETT. I object.
The CLERK. The question recurs upon the
Eoint of order raised by the gentleman from Ala-
ama, [Mr. Houston,] that the call for the pre-
vious question does not cut off debate.
Mr. GARNETT. Mr. Clerk, I regret, for one,
that this debate should have degenerated into a
discussion of the public position of any statesman
in this country, however eminent he may be before
the people. I regret that the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Kellogg] should have imagined that
it was the purpose on this side of the House to
play any game of tactics, or to resort to any
course of strategy to gain a temporary advantage
in this election. No, sir; for one, my purpose in
supporting the motion made by my friend from
Missouri [Mr. Clark] was a higher one. We
desire to know here, upon the very threshold of
the Thirty-Sixth Congress—we desire to know,
as a preliminary to any eontmon action in this
House, as far as we can, what is the sentiment
and purpose of gentlemen of the North, andmore
especially of that great party there, which they
tell us is dominant in nearly all of the States.
Fortunately the nominee they have agreed upon
for Speaker presents us with one test, at least, of
northern sentiment. It is not denied upon the
other side of the House—at least no one has ven-
tured to rise in his place and deny it—that the
author of the book mentioned in the resolution of
the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Helper, advo-
cated insurrection when he advised a course of
internecine war between the citizens of the South;
when he advised their slaves to rise and attain
their freedom by forcible means, if they cannot
by peaceable means. I have heard no gentleman
on the other side denounce those sentiments. I
have heard no one venture to deny that the man
who could utter such sentimentsand publish them
in a book, is a traitor to his country and infa-
mous in the sight of all mankind. Yet, sir, that
book, and those sentiments, appear before the
world recommended in a circular letter signed by
sixty-three members of the present Congress;
signed, amongst others, by the gentlemen who-
are known to have been most prominent for the
Republican nomination for Speaker—signed by
the very gentleman who now stands before the
House as their candidate. He informed us yes-
terday that., although his name was signed to that
paper, he did not remember that he had signed it;
that he certainly had never read the book. I am
ready to give liim the entire benefit of his dis-
claimer.
I wish to be guilty of no discourtesy or disre-
spect to any gentleman. I do not desire to mis-
represent the sentiments of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Shlkmak.] Let him have the benefit
of the disclaimer which he has made; although
he accompanied it, and I beg the country to notice
it, with no denunciation or condemnation such
as ought to rise in every honest ancl patriotic
heart." There was no impulse with him to speak
out against the atrocious sentiments of that book.
But, sir, why did he sign it? To show why
he signed it, he produced a letter from one of the
grey-headed sachems of the Republican party,
written yesterday morning from his residence m
this neighborhood, informing us that, when this
book was submitted to him, it contained passages
so objectionable that, even he (Mr. Blair) con-
demned them. Mr. Helper promised to expur-
gate those passages. It was upon that assurance
—that Mr. Helper promised to expurgate those
passages—that Republican members of Congress
and the influential men of the Republican party
were induced to give their countenance to the cir-
culation of the pamphlet.
In the first place, Mr. Clerk, and gentlemen of
the House, it does not appear what was the mat-
ter that was to be expurgated. Was it the senti-
ments which have been published m the newspa-
pers ond to which attention has been called on
this side of the House, or was it something still
more objectionable? Admitting for the sake of
argument that it was the very sentiments which
have been brought upon this floor, in what posi-
tion does that place Mr. Blair and the gentlemen
who signed this paper on his recommendation;
A man comes to Mr. Blair and submits a book
to him with sentiments so atrocious as to revolt
the moral sense of all just men, and yet that
traitor, that infamous creature, is received into
Mr. Blair's confidence, and Mr. Blair recommends
to the Republican members and leaders of this
House and the country to indorse and circulate
and to give their influence and the stamp of their
signatures to that man's book. Suppose a north-
ern man were to come into any society of southern
gentlemen and propose to them a scheme of as-
sassination and of arson in the northern States;
suppose he were to coine to us and ask us to aid
him in the publication of a book advising the oper-
atives in your factories to set fire to the looms in
your mills, or the hungry citizens of New York—
and the statistics of that city show that one in every
seven there is a pauper—to rise for bread and to
make war upon the lordly capitalists, whatdo you
suppose would be the answer we would make?
How would you expect that we Wottld receive
such a proposition ? To expel him from our
houses, to refuse him our confidence, to denounce
him to the country as a traitor and as an assas-
sin? Surely so. But not so does your leader,
not So do you refceivc a man who plays that part
to the South. You receive hirn in your homes, you
tell him—" True, you avow these sentiments;tr«®
you are this assassin and incendiary; but-expur-
gate these objectionable passages, aiid we will
advise our party to circulate a million copies -Of
your book.
A friend tells me that the whdle book is Of tlikt
character, and that therefore the whole of it would
hare to be expurgated. Admitting that thefest
of the book is composed of statistical tables and
argument, yet you, the signers of this circular,
are placed m the position of Mr. Blair, of taking
into your confidence and attempting to use the
influence of a man who yourselves admit as
worthy only of a common jail. If you have signed
this circular upon the recommendation of Mr.
Blair, who knew what was the nature of -the book,
why do you have no word of denunciation for
him ? If you disapprove of it, if you refuse how
to indorse the sentiments of such a man as Helper,
why have you no word of denunciation for the
man, trusting to whom, and relying upon whose
truthfulness and judgment, you were induced to
sign a circular recommending-and indorsing that
book ? It will not do for every gentleman to say
he had not read the book, and was not aWare of
what was contained in it. Even the candidate
for Speaker, a gentleman from Ohio himself, [Mr.
Sherman,] who doubtless had not Tead the book,
as he tells us so, even he was induced to sign it.
Why ? Because the book was a good one ? No,
sir; but upon the assurance that the objectionable
passages should be expurgated. Thus his atten-
tion was called to the feet that there were passages
in that book so objectionable that Mr. Blair him-
self could not indorse them.
What is the beginning of this circular letter?
It asserts, " if you have road and critically ex-
amined." The gentlemen then assert to the coun-
try that they have not only read the book, but
critically examined it. Among those who signed
it were " William H. Anthon, treasurer, No. 16,
Exchange Place,'New York." Treasurer "of
what? Treasurer of John Brown's provisional
government? or of what secret association for
assassination, rapine, and insurrection? "S. E.
Scwall,Boston,Massachusetts;"''William Gun-
nison, Baltimore;" " S. Padleford, Providence;"
" L. Clcphane, Washington," one of the editors,
I believe, of the Republican organ here, and a
man whose name has been connected with the
inferior offices of this House in its organization.
" W. B. Thomas, Philadelphia;" " Cassius M
Clay, Whitehall;" "William McCauley, Wil-
mington;" " F. P. Blair, jr., St. Louis." These
are the gentlemen who asserted to the country
that they had read and critically examined the
book; and it is upon their recommendation you
cay that you were induced to sign the circular
without having read the book. And have you no
word of denunciation for these men? Are they
not responsible? Have they not committed a
breach of trust? Have they not committed a
fraud upon you in inducing you to put your
names to that recommendation? Yet, not one
word do you venture to utter in denunciation or
condemnation of such men as those.
And when the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Kellogg] rises m his place this morning, incon-
sequence of an attack of Greeley upon him, and
manfully denounces Greeley and the sentiments
of the Helper book, which so few of you have
ventured to do yet, what does he terminate his
speech by saying? He tells us it frequently re-
quires more moral courage to deny that you
entertain certain sentiments than it does to say
what you do believe. He tells you, gentlemen
of the Republican party, that it requires moral
courage for you to deny that you entertain
Helper's sentiments, and yet you expect us to
elect a Speaker from such a party as that; you
expect us to elect for Speaker a gentleman whose
name is associated with these transactions. You
expect us to put a party like that in power, one
member of which tell us that he is afraid of the
denunciations of liis own party if he denies that
he approves of these incendiary doctrines.
