2008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
Mr. HAMMOND. Let the vote be announced
first. I think the Senator from Illinois is out of
order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I take it, it is in order any-
time when the roll is being called, and the rules
of the Senate requires Senators to answer when
they are present, and they refuse to do it, to call
the attention of the Chair to it, and ask that Sena-
tors may respond to their names.
Mr. BROWN. I think the Senator from Illi-
nois is a little mistaken in this. Let the rpsult be
announced; and if we find ourselves without a
quorum, then liis motion will be to move that the
Sergeant-at-Arms be instructed to request the at-
tendance of absent Senators. Less than a quorum
may adjourn, and less than a quorum may refuse
to adjourn. There is evidently a quorum within
the call of the Senate. If Senators persist, and
refuse to vote when they are present, then it be-
longs to the Senate to determine what action it
will take; but, for the time being, let the result be
announced.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I apprehend that cannot
be done. You could always prevent the enforce-
ment of the rule of the Senate m that case. The
time to make the objection is when the Senators
are present and do not respond to their names. I
wish ft to be understood that to-day—when it was
agreed upon different sides of tins Chamber weeks
ago that this bill should be taken up, and when
taken up that it should bo continued before the
Senate until it was finally disposed of; and when
there is a majority of the Senate present, visible
to us all—gentlomen refuse to answer to their
names. Let it be known to the country that such
is the fact. 1 object to the announcement of the
vote until we have the rule complied with.
Mr. BROWN. I rise to a point of order. A
vote has been taken upon a motion to adjourn. I
insist that no debate is in order, and that the re-
suit of that vote shall bo announced.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion, when Senators' names are called, that
if present m the Chamber, they are required, by
the rule, to vote; and if attention is called to the
fact, the rule requires each Senator to vote, if
present.
Mr. HAMMOND. I would like to seo that
rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. "The Secretary
will read the rule upon the subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is the Kith rule of the
Senate.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
" 1G. When the yeas and nayi shall be called for hy one
fifth of the member* presontj cacli member called upon
shall, unless for special reason lie foe excused !iy the .Sen-
ate, decline openly, and without debate, Ills absent or dissent
to the question."
Mr. BROWN. If the Senator from Illinois will
name any Senator present in the Chamber who
has not voted, I will go with him to enforce that
rule.
Mr. HAMMOND. I was present in the Senate
and did not vote. If the Senator from Illinois
requires it, I will vote; but my vote will not make
a quorum. I vote " yea," which does not make a |
quorum. There being no quorufc, I think the
Senate is adjourned.
Mr. HALE. I wish to state, ns a matter of
fact, that I was present in the Senate when the
roll was called. I had no idea that we should be
without a quorum. I was talking with the Sen-
ator from Oregon on a matter in which lie is in-
terested, and upon my suggestion not to interrupt
the conversation, both of us agreed not to vote,
though we were present; but it was for no other
purpose than simply to continue the conversa-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose the Senators I
may vote. They arc both here.
Mr. RICE. If there is not a quorum present,
1 wish to have the 8th rule read; and I wish, if I
have the power, or a majority of those present
hare the power, to have it enforced.
Mr. FITCH. I was not m the Chamber when
my name was called, and do not even know what
the question is. If my vote will make a quorum
I will give it as soon as I can ascertain what the
question pending is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
was that the Senate adjourn; and that question
Was ordered to be taken by yeas and nays.
Mr. FITCH. I will simply say to the Sena-
tor from Illinois, that he will find it extremely
difficult to enforce a rule of that kind. I vote
" yea."
Mr. HALE. I vote "nay."
Mr. CHANDLER. I vote " nay."
Mr. LANE. I desire to record my vote. I
vote "yea." •
Mr. TRUMBULL. I observe that there are
other Senators present who have not responded
to their names. If there i%not a quorum yet, I
would suggest that the roll be called again, or the
names of Senators who did not respond bo called.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A quorum is
voting.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is all right, if there is
a quorum voting.
The result was then announced—yeas 7, nays
28, as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Bigler, Fitch, Green, Hammond, Hu&tcr,
Lane, and Polk—7.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Brown, Cameron,
Chandler, Cluik, Collamer, Dixon, Uoolmlo, Douglas, Dui-
koe, Foot, Foster,Grimes, Hale, Ilamlin, Hailan, Johnson
of Tennessee, King, It! re, Seward, Simmons, Sunmri, Ten
Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—28.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is, will the Senate concur in the amendments
made as in Committee of the Whole?
Mr. BROWN. I think there is but one amend-
ment to which there is any pointed objection. I
now propose that we concur in all the amend-
ments en masse, except the one moved by the Sen-
ator from Minnesota.
Mr. YULEE. I had moved a reconsideration
of that amendment, and that motion was pending.
Mr. SIMMONS. Let us have the question
upon concunng in all the amendments.
Mr. BROWN. I will suggest to my friend
from Florida, why not take aVote in full Senate
upon concurring m the amendments made in com-
mittee >
Mr. YULEE. I am willing.
Mr. RICE. I am perfectly willing to agree to
that.
Mr. BROWN. I propose that all these amend-
ments upon whu-.h there is 110 controversy be con-
curred 111 nem. con., and then we can adjourn upon
the dissatisfied point to a stated hour—I do not
care whether it be three o'clock to-morrow orthe
next day—with the understanding that we shall
then take a vote upon that amendment, and upon
the bill finally. I hope that will be acquiesced in.
Let us take a vote concurring upon all the amend-
ments together, and adjourn upon that single^
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
and seconded that the question of concurrence be
taken upon all the amendments made in Com-
mittee of the Whole with the exception of the
amendment moved by tho Senator from Minne-
sota.
Mr. BROWN. Let that bedone,and then we
can talk about plans afterwards.
Mr. WADE I intend to move the House bill
as a special amendment a^ain in the Senate.
Ihe PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
first 111 order is 011 concurring in the amendments
made-111 Committee of the Whole. After that is
disposed of, a motion will then bo in order to move
to amend the bill further in any manner he may
wish. Is the Senate ready for the question 011
the motion to concur in all the amendments made
m committee, with tho exception of the one offered
by tho Senator from Minnesota?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I wish to make
an inquiry ol the Chair, as to what was done with
the motion made by the Senator from Florida to
reconsider that amendment?
Mr. BROWN. It comes up, I think, in the
Senate. It is reported among the other amend-
ments, and we have a chance to have another vote
upon it. I reserved itby my motion, and we can
take the yeas and nays upon it in the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. But I will say
to the Senator from Mississippi, if it is in order
to have a vote upon the motion to reconsider, I
would much prefer that, in order that I may fore-
see, in some degree, if possible, what is to be the
result by having that test now submitted before
this body. I feci that my connection with this
bill is affected and determined by the vote on that
amendment. I would sincerelylike to have a vote
on the reconsideration. I agree to everything that
t^e Senator from Mississippi says, so far as voting
upon the amendments that were adopted in com-
mittee is concerned.
Mr. HUNTER. I will suggest to my friend
from Arkansas that he will get a vote in the Sen-
ate on this amendment.
Mr. BROWN. Exactly; and it is too late to
move a reconsideration of what has been done in
committee, after the bill has been reported to the
Senate. 1 will suggest to my friend from Arkan-
sas, and to the Senate, that that is the attitude of
the bill. It has been reported to the Senate. Ho
cannot move to reconsider what wasjlone in com-
mittee.
Mr. RICE. I ask the attention of Senators for
one moment. I find there is a misapprehension
with some in regard to this amendment. They
seem to think it goes beyond the States. Now,
so far as I am individually concerned, I am will-
ing so far to modify that amendment as to put in
the words " within the States."
Mr. BROWN. If my friend will allow me,
had we not better cease discussing tho merits of
the amendment until it comes up on a vote? Let
us get clear of the balance of the bill, and let ns
concur in tho amendments made jn committed in-
dependent of that one; and when we come to that
proposition, then let us discuss it. I hope,there-
tore, that wo shall take a vote upon concurring in
the amendments about which there is no contro-
versy, which have been reported to the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question on the motion to concur in
the amendments made in Committee of the Whole,
with the exception of the amendment offered by
the Senator from Minnesota?
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, I have obtained
the floor several times, and I have yielded it to
others. I now say this—and I intend to act upon
it—if the purpose be to pass this bill, right or
wrong, I shall vote against it in every stage; if
tho purpose bo to sit and put it in the best shape
possible, I may go for it. I think that the friends
of the bill ought to be a little liberal, and to take
steps tending to put it in a shape that will be ac-
ceptable to those who are opposed to a mere hum-
bug homestead bill. There is not a Senator on
this floor wlio can make it appear that it is a
homestead bill. A homestead ! It cannot be cre-
ated by this Government, and there is not a single
Senator in this House that will dare make the
assertion.
Now, if such be the case—and if it be not the
case, 1 beg gentlemen to controvert it—what, in
the name of Heaven, is the use of talking about a
homestead bill, and pressing a thing that is not a
homestead bill? I make a long pause, because I
want a reply on that point. Will the gentleman
from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] or the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson,] or the gentleman
from any other State, assert that wo can make a
homestead, in the sense in which they wish the
public to understand it? If they cannot, then
strikeout the idea; let us act upon "subjects as
they are presented.
I do not impute motives; but it is an attempt
to deceive the public at the expense of the public
Treasury. You call it a homestead; yet not one
solitary man is to be secured a single home. Yet
gentlemen vote for it. Let them vote and stand
before their constituents as responsible for it. I
mean every word I say, and I intend that the pub-
lic shall understand every word I say. Home !
What is a home? Homestead ! What is that?
It is a sacred place, secured from sale, from exe-
cution, from disposition.
I appeal to Senators on the other side, and on
this side, is there a man in the Senate who be-
lieves that wo have the power to vest it in any
man in the United States of America? No one;
and it is an attempt to get popularity contrary to
truth and justice. Democrats, Republicans, or
otherwise, I put it upon that basis, and dare them
to meet me-in honorable controversy, as reason-
able gentlemen.
You propose to give land to the landless. They
can get it now. You propose to give it in the
House bill, without fee or reward, and to give it
under circumstances which will make this Fed-
eral Government a panderer to, and encourager
of, laziness and negligence and of want of thrift;
and who desires that? Is it the North; is it the
South; is it any part of this country? "Land to
the landless," says my friend from Mississippi,
