2952
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
George W. Samson; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
STEWART Jl'GOWAN.
On motion of Mr. SIMMS, by unanimous con-
sent, the resolution of the Senate (No. 43)tocor-
• rect a clerical error in the act approved May 4,
1860, for the relief of Stewart McGowan, was
taken from the Speaker's table, and read a first
and second time.
The resolution was ordered to be read a third
time, and was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. SIMMS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was passed; and also moved
to lay the resolution to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EDWARD LUSHER.
Mr. MOORHEAD, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Commerce, reported a bill
for the relief of Edward Lusher; which was read
a first and second time, referred to a Committee
of the "Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
■WASHINGTON AND ORECON WAR DEBT.
Mr. STANTON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported a bill to provide for the
payment of the expenses incurred by the Terri-
tories of Washington and Oregon in suppressing
Indian hostilities in the years 1855 and 1856;
which was recommitted to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN CALIFOKNIA.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report back Senate bill
No. 168, being an act entitled "An act to ascer-
tain and settle private land claims in the State of
California," passed March 3,1851; with a recom-
mendation that it do pass, with an amendment.
I ask that it be put on its passage.
No objection being made, the bill was taken up
for consideration.
Mr. BINGtJAM. With the indulgence of the
House, I will state that the amendment reported
by the Judiciary Committee docs not substan-
tially affect the bill as passed by the Senate. It
merely changes the title of the bill, and changes
the body of the bill so as to make it conform with
the change in the title.
By unanimous consent, the amendment was
agreed to; and the bill, as amended, was ordered
to be read a third time.
The bill was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed t,o.
CONFIRMATION 01' LAND ENTRIES.
Mr. COBB. House bill No. 44 was passed by
the House, and sent to the Senate. The .Senate
passed it with a slight amendment, but the House
disagreed to it. 1 ask that the House insist on
its action, and grant a committee of conference.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I object to that. 1
want to say a word about it when 1 get an oppor-
tunity.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman knows nothing
about it.
"Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. The gentleman
from Alabama knows that 1 will expose it when-
ever I get an opportunity.
KIVER AND IIAIUiOR BILL.
Mr. WASH BTJRNE, of Illinois. I give notice
that to-morrow at one o'clock I will move to take
up the river and harbor bill.
NAVAL CONTRACTS AUAIN.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now ask for a vote on the
fifth and lust resolution reported by the Commit-
tee on Expenditures in the Navy Department.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the gent Soman from
Ohio to yield to me for the purpose of having
passed a very meritorious private bill, which!
called up one day before. Unless it be passed
now, it will not be passed at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are a good many
gentlemen here who have bills to get passed; and
I desire to give notice now that if the House will
pass, to-night, this resolution, and the Indian and
Army bills, I will have no public bill to present
to-morrow, and gentleman can get the chance.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Dawes in
the chair.) The question is now on the adoption
of the following resolution:
Resoh erf, That the appointment by the Secretary of the
Navy of Daniel IS. Martin, chief engineer, as a member of
a board of engineers to report upon ptoposals for construct-
ing machineiy for the United States,the said Martin at the
time being pecuniarily interested in some of said proposals,
is hereby censured by this House.
Mr. BOJNHAM. I desire to inquire whether
there is such information in possession of the
committee as will enable them to say that the Sec-
retary of the Navy knew at the time that Daniel
B. Martin was so pecuniarily interested?
Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather the gentle-
man from South Carolina would put that ques-
tion to the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bo-
cock.] I believe, however, that the fact is so.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
debate. *
Mr. JONES called for the yeas and nays on the
adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 39; as follows:
YEAS—Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Aid-
rich, Alley, William C. Anderson, Beale, Bingham, Blake,
Brab-on, JJnstovv, Uuffmton, Burlnigame, Buttertleld,
Campbell, Iloiace F. Clark, Colfax, Curtis, 11. Winter
Davis, Dawes, Delano, Dwell, Dunn, Edgeiton, Edwards,
Eliot, lily, F.misvvotth, Fenton, Ferry, Foster, French,
Gilmer, Grow, Gutley, Hall, Haskin, iloard, William A.
ITowaitl, Ilutohins Irvine, Junkin, FiancisW. Kellogg,
William Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, Killmger, DeWitt 0.
Leach, James M. Loach, .Lee, Loomis,Marston, Maynaid,
McKoan, McICnight, McPherson, Millward, Lab.m T.
Moore, Mooihead, Morn]}, Nelson, Nixon, Pcny, Porter,
Pottle, Piyor, Quailes, Clmstopher Itobinton, Shciman,
Spjulding, Spinner, Stanton, Stokes, Stiatton. Tappan,
Thajer, Tompkins. Tumble, Vandever, Van Wyck, Ver
ree, Wade, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu B.
W.ibhbunie, IsiacI Washburn, Web&ler, Wells, Wilson,
Windom, and Woodruff— 90.
NAYS—Measis. Allen, Avery, Bonham, Burch, Bur-
nett, Clopton, Cobb, James Craig, Crawfoid, Do Jamette,
English, Florence, FouUc, Gartroll, John T. llartis, Hoi
man, Houston, William Howard, Jones, ICeitt, Landrum,
Larrabee, Love, Maclay, Charles L>. Maittn, McQueen,
NtbJack, Reagan, RuiTm. Scott, Sickles, Simms Single-
ton, Stevenson, Stout, 'Thomas. Underwood, YVhiteley,
and Wright—39.
So the resolution was adopted.
During the vote,
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, stated that he was
paired off with his colleague, Mr. Blair, who was
in favor of the resolution, while he was against it.
Mr. BARR stated that he was paired off with
Mr Olin-.
Mr. PEYTON stated that he was paired for the
evening with Mr. Train-.
Mr. ALLEY stated that Mr. Rice was paired
with Mr. Miles.
Mr. CtUARLES stated that Mr. Vance was
detained at his room on account of sickness.
Mr. UOYCE stated that he was paired on this
vote with Mr. Barksdale.
Mr. ETHERIDOE stated that he was paired
with Mr. Rusr, who would have voted against
the icsoluttop, while he would vote for it.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, stated that
he was paired with Mr. Kunkel on this vote.
Mr. I-JATTON" (not being within the bar when
his name was called) asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. HATTON stated that he would have voted
for the resolution.
Mr. I3UFF1NTON stated that Mr. Gooch was
detained at his house on account of indisposition
in his family.
Mr. HELMICK asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. HELMICXC stated that he would have
voted " ay.M
The result was announced as above recorded.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the votes
by which the various resolutions were adopted;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FRANCIS DAINESE.
Mr. BURLINCtAME. I move to suspend the
rules, so as to discharge the Committee of the
Whole House from the further consideration of
the bill (S. No. 14) for the relief of Francis Dai-
nese.
Mr. UNDERWOOD called for the yeas and
nays, and for tellers on the yeas^and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Underwood
and Washburne, of Illinois, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 27, noes 02^,
So (more than one fifth voting in favor thereof)
the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SINGLETON, I ask to have the bill
read.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to Francis Dainese,late con-
sul at Constantinople, the sum of §4,820 99, in
'Tall of ail claims and demands upon the United
States for his traveling, contingent, and other ex-
penses, as well as for losses sustained by him in,
and connected with, the consulate at Constanti-
nople.
It appears, from the report, that Mr. Dainese
held the office of vice consul, acting consul, and
consul, from May 16,1849, to December 20,3852,
and he claims to be allowed compensation for con-
tingent, traveling, and other expenses and losses
as vice consul, acting consul, and consul, during
that period. A part of the amount claimed is for
compensation, at the rate of $1,000 per annum,
amounting to $3,595 40 for judicial services, under
the actof August 11,1848. Thispartof the claim
is regarded by the committee as not allowable, be-
cause the act of 1848, under which it is claimed,
is considered, in their opinion, as not entitling the
diplomaticand consular agents of the United States
in Turkey to the same compensation therein made
for like officers in China; and in this particular
the committee concur with the views of that of the
Thirty-Fourth Congress upon this matter. An-
other part of the claim is for the sum of $>635, on
account of the contingent expenses of his consul-
ate, for the support whereof an annual appropri-
ation of $500 is made. Upon a careful examina-
tion of this item, and after fully investigating his
accounts by transcripts from and inquiries at tho
Treasury Department, the committee are satisfied
there is justly due on this account the sum of
$431 49, which should be allowed; this sum hav-
ing been inadvertently and erroneously paid to
his predecessor, George A. Porter. The difference
between the amount claimed and that reported to
be due arises from two facts: first, that the me-
morialist has claimed the allowance for contingent
expenses from April 1,1849, the beginning of the
quarter, instead of from May 16 of that year, the
commencement of the period of his scrvice; and,
second, that there appears to have been paid on
his draft in favor of Mr. Porter the sum of $140.
Another part of the claim is for interest and loss
on exchange on his drafts for money allowed to
him as an indemnification for his support of those
refugees having American passports at Constan-
tinople, from 1849 to 1851, both inclusive. The
committee, after a caieful examination of the doc-
uments communicated to the last Congress by
messages of Februaiy 23 and March 3, 1857, as
well as those now submitted by the memorialist,
and circumstances therewith connected, think
there should be allowed him, in connection with
this claim, the additional sum of $609 11. There
are other items which the committee allow to the
amount reported in the bill.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 108, nays 41; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ald-
rich, Alley, William C. Ander>on, Barr, Bingham, Samuel
S.Blair, Botoler, Bouhgny, Boyccj, Biabson, Briggs, Bris-
tevv, Butfinton, Burcii, Buiimgame, Butterficid, Campbell,
Gaiter, John B. Claik, John Cochrane, Colfax, Covode,
Cox, Curtis, II. Winter Davis, Dawes, Delano, Dueil, Ed-
wards, Etiot, Ely, English, Gthctidge, Farasworth, Fenton,
Ferry, Florence, Fo.-ier, F«uke, French, Gilmei, Giow,
Hale, Hall, J. Moirison Harris, LJaskin, liatton, Hehmek,
William Howard, William A. llowaid, Hughes, Ilutcluns,
frvme, Junkin, Francis W. Kellojrg, William Kellogg. Ken
yon, Lairabce, DeWitt C. Leach, .Tames M. Leach, Lee,
Logan, Loomis, Maclay,Malloiv, Marion, Elbor: 3.' Mar-
tin, Waynard, McKoan, MeKnight, McPhersou, Millward,
LabanT.Mooie,Moorhead, Nelson, Nixon, Peny, Porter,
Q,uailes, Christopher llobmson. llovee, Scott, Sedgwick,
Sheuuan, Sickles, Sumus, Spauldlng, Spinnc;, James A.
Stcwait, William Stewart. Stout, Sn.uton, Tappan, Tay-
lor, Thayer, Theaker, Vallandigham, Vandever. Verree,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, WelN Wluteley,WiLon, Win-
dom, Woodruff, and Woodson—JGS.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Avery, Beale, Blake, Bonham,
Btanch, Clopton, Cobb, Ciau ioid, John G. Davis Dunn,
Edgerton, Gaitreil, John T. Harris, IJoaid, Hohnan, Hous-
ton, Jackson, Jones, Landruui, Love, Mellao, Miiison,
Niblaek, Pryor, Reagan, Riggs, RufFui, Rust, Singleton,
William N. II. Smith, Stanton, Stokes, Thomas, Tomp-
kins Tumble, Underwood, Wade, Walton3 Ellihu B.
Wa&hburue, and Wright—41.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the rules
