44
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 7,
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Clark]
told us yesterday tliat lie never knew an Aboli-
tionist in New York; he in whose district the
church of Doctor Cheever reverberates, Sunday
after Sunday, with sentiments of treason and
bloodshed; he in whose State a Senator was
chosen, to represent the people in this Congress,
marked above all others by his bold, imperturb-
able calculations, by his deep-laid plans, by his
acting upon a calculated system, where you can
mark out his course, stop by stqo, from year to
year—all connected parts of one whole—who,
as my friend from South Carolina [Mr. Keitt]
showed yesterday, before he ever entered the
Senate, uttered sentiments the same in substance
though not in form as Helper's—a Senator who
preaches up to the country that there is an irre-
pressible conflict between the two sections of the
country, which-must result in the overthrow of
one or the other—a Senator who is a represent-
ative man of his party, whom they intend to
nominate for the Presidency, and if they do not
do it, it will be only because they are scared out
of it! No Abolitionists in New York or in the
North! when at Albany one hundred minute guns
were fired there in mourning for the death of J ohn
Brown! No Abolitionists in Natick! whenalarge
public meeting of sympathy was held for Brown,
at which a Senator from the State of Massachu-
setts was present! No Abolitionists in Massa-
chusetts! when, in the Senate of Massachusetts,
they found nearly a majority in favor of adjourn-
ing on the day of the execution of Brown! No
Abolitionists at Cleveland! when, as a friend
from Indiana tells me, that city was draped in
mourning, and five thousand men were attending
a public meeting, to express their sentiments upon
that event, upon the day of the execution of
Brown!
You do not mean to interfere with slavery in
the States! So the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] told us yesterday, though his remarks
are somewhat diluted in the report of them which
appears m the Globe to-day. He and his party
do not mean to interfere with slavery in the Suites;
but they mean to hold southern people to the
yoke, and to organize Territory after Territory,
into which no southern man shall be permitted to
go with his property. They mean to hem us in,
as with a wall of fire, as I think Mr. Sewam>
said, until the institution is so cribbed and con-
fined that it will perish for want of sustenance.
They do not mean to interfere with slavery in the
States, and yet when a band of assassins violate
the sacred soil of my native State, we hear not
one word of denunciation from you. You do not
mean to interfere with slavery m the States, and
yet you find soeietfcs at the North planning de-
liberately to render the institution valueless upon
the borders, by running off the slaves, until the
owners are compelled to sell them to the South,
or to emancipate and give them up to you. You
do not mean to interfere with slavery in the
States, and yet, though the Constitution guaran-
tees the right of reclaiming fugitives from labor,
laws are passed refusing to allow us the use of
northern jails; you turn your judges out of office
if they assist in enforcing the law for the recla-
mation of fugitives from labor, and you attack
and use violence against our citizens when they
appear thereto reclaim their property. Call you
this no interference with slavery in the States?
Call you the incessant war against it waged from
your press, your pulpit, and your hustings, no
interference with slavery in the Slates? Why do
you not carry on this crusade against monarchy
in Europe, or against aristocracy in England, if
it is a mere desire to correct public evils all over
the world ? Why not organise a society against
slavery in Cuba and Brazil ? Why not inaugurate
political crusades against every system of gov-
ernment that we disapprove in every part of the
world? No, sir; these benefits, these kind offices
are reserved for us—for your brethren, your fel-
lows of the southern States.
Years ago, sa far back as 1836, Governor Marcy
then Governor of the State of New York, advised
the Legislature of that State to pass laws prevent-
ing and suppressing incendiary appeals of abolition
societies—fewm number at that time—inciting the
slaves to insurrection. These few societies have
become numerous. Their principles are the shib-
boleth of the great political party of the North.
Yet what Governor of any of the northern States
dare now make such a recommendation as Mr.
Marcy made twenty-three years ago? When
Walker organizes a company of filibusters and
descends on Nicaragua, a country with which wo
are at peace, you appeal to the neutrality laws
that are properly on your statute books—you say
we have no right to allow our territory to be used for
organizing piratical expeditions against a friendly
foreign Power, and you call on the President of
the United States to use the Army and Navy to
suppress such expeditions, and to protect this for-
eign Power from them. And you do so properly.
Nay, when Commodore Paulding exceeds his
legal power in order to execute this law; when
he does what he has no right to do in making a
descent on this foreign country, you pass resolu-
tions of approval. But here wo arc—no foreign
State—we are confederated States; hero we arc,
no half-barbarian Nicaragua, but your brethren
of the Anglo-Saxon race; your fellow-citizens
under a common flag, under the pretended pro-
tection of a common Constitution—and which one
of your States will pass laws suppressing these
expeditions against the South ? which one of your
States will pass neutrality laws to punish the men
who advise and the men who take part in these
piratical expeditions against the peace and safety
of the southern States ? So far from it, when you
discover men actually concerned in them, you
allow them, with impunity, to publish statements
declaring that they take themselves to Canada to
evade United States process. With impunity
your Senators rise in the other end of the Capitol
and denounce the Federal judiciary, because of its
process to summon them as witnesses. With
impunity, men high in your society, men at the
head of your literary circles, men like Dr. Howe,
acknowledge their complicity by supplying money
and arms to expeditions aimed against the South,
and then they flee from the jurisdiction of the Fed-
eral court.
Gentlemen, let me say that the people of the
southern States—and I believe I speak what I
know—arc sincerely attached to the Union of this
country. Wc want to sec that Union preserved
on constitutional principles; butwe think thattho
time has come to know whether the Union is to
answer to the first great aim for which it was in-
stituted—to preserve the peace and quiet of the
country. We believe that the same fanatical
spirit—small at fi rst, and growing gradually larger
at the North—-that has forced party after party
into subjection, that has driven you 011, first to
one step and then to another, until you have
reached your present position—that same fanati-
cal spirit which has now grown beyond nil bounds
of your control, will drive you 011 to a point where
you can 110 longer restrain it. Wc say to you,
" unless we can have: peace ill the country, unless
we can have that protection from the attacks of
your citizens which we have from foreigners, from
English and French, who dare not do one tithe of
what you do, then the Union has come to the
last." You must go home to your people, and
must put down this abolition spirit. You must
repeal the laws with which you have polluted
your statute books, to nullify that provision of
the Constitution which protects the value of our
slave property along the borders; for we do not
mean to stay in the Union until you have con-
verted the border States into free States, and so
demoralizedand enervated our strength. You must
pass laws at home condemning and subjecting to
the hands of justice the men who advise and the
men who plot and the men who engage in these
insurrectionary attempts. You must do for us
what we do for foreign nations, and what they do
for every country with which they are at peace.
Unless you do pass such laws, unless you do put
down this spirit of abolitionism, the 'Union wilt
be short; and it is for this reason that I am glad
the gentleman from Missouri offered his resolu-
tion.
I want the attention of the country called to the
fact, that so far advanced is the Republican party
in its designs and schemes of aggression, that it
has stamped itself as an accomplice of a man who
counsels internecine war and the arming of the.
slave against his master. We want to know
whether you have yet the strength to denounce
and put down such men? We want to know
whether you have the strength to fulfill, not the
Federal, but your international obligations ? The
attention of the country has been aroused to this
condition of things. We mean to see now, by the
organization of this House, whether thereis power
enough to place in possession of the administra-
tion a party under whose government the people
of half the States of this Union could not sleep
peaceably.
Now is your time. Now is the time for the
country to see into whose hands the administra-
tion of this Government is to go. Therefore, it
is that I said yesterday, and say again, thatl wish
to see this debate exhausted. I wish the gentle-
men of the Republican party to come to one of
two positions—either to indorse Helper and his
associates by an express avowal, or by their
silence, or else to come out and denounce these
sentiments; denounce the men on whose faith they
signed the recommendation; denounce the paper;
denounce their constituents at home whose sym-
pathy with them is known; and I assert, with
the gentleman from Missouri, that any man who
cannot do that cannot safely be intrusted with the
administration of the Government either in that
chair or elsewhere.
Mr. LAMAR rose.
Mr. KILGORE. I rise to a question ofordor.
Mr. LAMAR. I hope I shall be allowed to
go on.
Mr. KILGORE. Very well; I will not inter-
rupt the gentleman.
Mr. LAMAR. 1 wish to make my acknowl-
edgments to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Kellogg] for the very explicit, frank, and inge-
nious statement which he submitted to the House
this morning. I desire, however, to reply to the
charge which some gentlemen have made as to
the undue sensibility which the South has exhib-
ited upon the subject of the pamphlet or circular
now under consideration.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] the
recognized organ of that side of the House, com-
plained that we had brought this question need-
lessly before the House. The gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Kilgore,] in an attitude andman-
ner of offensive defiance, denounced the resolution
of the gentleman from Missouri as a fire-brand
upon the floor; and still another gentleman, [Mr.
Palmer,] with a classic elegance of language,
characteristic of his style, and with a refinement
ol maimer peculiar to himself, spoke of it as lug-
! gmg the ncgio into the House, and said that he
■ must be put out. Other gentlemen, and one from
I New York, asked, in a tone of triumph, "who is
I to blame for this agitaiion? who does the fault
I rest upon?" From every one on that side we
| hear language of reproach, remonstrance, and re-
< buk" of southern men for rising andi expressing
| their sentiments in relation to the treasonable doc-
trines of that circular.
Now, sir, I wish to submit a few remarks by
way of vindicating southern Representatives from
the chaige of needless agitation upon this subject.
Scarcely six weeks have elapsed since a foray
was made upon one of the sovereign States of this
Union by a band of lawless, desperate men, fresh
from the scenes of bloodshed, arson, murder, and
treason in Kansas, of which it has been the seat.
A public armory belonging to the Federal Gov-
ernment is seized; southern citizens—innocent,
law-abiding citizens—are taken prisoners; peace-
able citizens, attending to their Ordinary business,
are shot down like dogs in the streets in a south-
ern town; southern soil is polluted with the blood
of traitors to the State ana to the Union. After
being taken prisoners, their correspondence is
laid before the country. The face of that corre-
spondence shows that the lender of these blood-
stained desperadoes was in communication with
men distinguished for their intelligence, for their
wealth, and for their moral worth, all over the
North.
Moro than that; a distinguished Senator of the
United States—I put out of the way everything
that he has said prior to that occasion, I do not
choose to throw any light upon this transaction
from the previous speeches of that Senator; but
that correspondence shows that that Senator, the
Corypheus ofnorthern anti-slavery sentiment—is
implicated in this lawless, treasonable proceed-
ing, a proceeding to excite a servile insurrection,
the object of which is to place the South a bleed-
ing, mangled victim at the foot of northern power.
I say the face of the correspondence shows it. I
make no charge upon Senator Seward. I do not
even express the opinion that hcis guilty. I hope
