2954;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
state of the Union from the consideration of
House bill No. 160, to authorize tile change of
place and time in civil cases in the circuit and
district courts of the United States. I will state
that this bill has been reported from the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary unanimously, so far as I am
aware.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to that bill.
Mr. SICKLES. I move to suspend the rules;
and I desire simply to say that every State in the
Union has a similar provision, but through some
inadvertence none has been provided for the Fed-
eral courts.
The bill was read.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman will allow
me to ,say that there is a very great difference be-
tween a change of venue in the .State courts and
in the Federal courts. In the State courts the ju-
ries are drawn from a particular locality, but in
a Federal court they are drawn from all over the
country.
Mr. SICKLES. I think there can be no just
objection to this bill; and I ask that the rules may
be suspended.
Mr. GROW. Do I understand the gentleman
that this bill comes from the Committee on the
Judiciary?
Mr. SICKLES. It does, and was reported by
the gentleman's colleague, the chairman of the
committee.
Mr. DUNN. I wish to ask the gentleman from
New York whether the bill is confined to certain
■ districts, or whether it is general in its application
to the whole country?
Mr. SICKLES. It is a general law. A local
law would be manifestly improper.
Mr.,DUNN. Then I object to the bill. To
provide for such a change of venue in the West
would operate very oppressively.
Mr. STANTON. I would be glad to know
whether the bill authorizes a transfer of venue
from one State to another ?
Mr. SICKLES. It does.
Mr. STANTON. It is too important a bill to
be acted upon in this way. I call for the yeas
and nays upon the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the House do now adjourn. This will bo the first
business in the morning; and in the mean time we
shall have an opportunity to examine it.
Mr. COX called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cox and
Mahston were appointed.
'Mr. SHERMAN. 1 hope the gentleman will
withdraw the motion to adjourn, and let the vote
be taken upon suspending the rules to-night.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I withdraw
the motion.
Mr. BURNETT. I shall renew tho motion,
unless it is the understanding that, after a vote
has been taken upon (he motion to suspend the
rules, the House will then adjourn.
Several Membeui. Agreed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I want it to be
understood that 1 am no party to that agreement.
Mr. liARIvSDALE. 1 desire to inquire of the
Chair whether this motion will come up during
tho morning hour, if the House now adjourn 5
Thc«SPEAKER pro tempore. It will come up
after the morning hour.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I move that the
House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays upon the motion to suspend the
rules.
The motion of Mr. Sickles was not agreed to,
(two thirds not having voted in favor thereof.)
MESSAGE FROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by James Buchanan, his Pri-
vate Secretary, notifying the House that he did
on this day approve and sign bills of the follow-
ing titles:
An act (H. R. No. 523) extending and incor-
porating the German Benevolent Society, of
Washington city, in the District of Columbia,
approved July 27, 1842; and
An act (H. R. No. 245) for the relief of Mary-
ett Van Buskirk.
PHILADELPHIA. POST OFFICE.
Mr MILLWARD. I now call up the motion
to reconsider the vote by which House bill No.
814, to provide for the erection of a post office in
the city of Philadelphia, was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina, called for
tellers upon the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Burnett,
and Kellogg of Michigan, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 86, noes 34.
So the motion was agreed to; and the House
thereupon (at half past nine o'clock, p m.)
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 14, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Curley.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Journal
will be read.
Mr. HALE. I am told that the Journal isvery
voluminous, and will take about an hour to read
it. I move that the reading be suspended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will require
unanimous consent. The Chair hears no objection;
and the reading will be dispensed with.
COINAGE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
lay before the Senate a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, which will he read.
The Secretary proceeded to read it, as follows:
Treasury Department, June 13, I860.
Srit: Pursuant to the joint resolution o! the 23th Fcbru
nry, 1857,l' to prevent the counterfeiting the coins of the
United State," I have the honor to report, that Professor
Henry Vetliake and it. U. Rogers were appointed on the
18th of July, 18.>7,comnii-.ioners to inquire '• into the pro-
cess and means proposed by J.'P. liarclayfoi preventing
tile abiasion, counterfeiting, anil deteriorating the coins ot'
the United Slates."
Mr. HALE. I move to dispense with the fur-
ther reading of that communication, and that it
be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made, unless objected to.
Mr. TOOMBS. Let us hear what it is. I want
it read.
Mr. HALE. It is about counterfeiting coins.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reading
of the communication will be continued.
The Secretary continued the reading, as fol-
lows:
These two gentlemen wcic selected for that duty from
their high diameter as scientific men. and fiom their re-
puted faiiuliajitv with tlie gencial subjects involved in the
investigation. Tliey accepted tho a'piiointmcnt, and ap-
pear to have pursued the inquiries with as much diligence
and di-pateil ns tlicy were enabled to do under tile ciictlin-
stances.
On the 2:3d April last, their report, of which a copy is
herewith inclosed, was received at this Dcpiutment. I im-
mediately tuUhesscd to them a leltei, of which the follow-
ing is a copy:
'■ Treasury Department, .'Ipril 23, 1860.
"Gentlemen: Your letter of the 17th Instant is re-
ceived, with your report upon the processes pioposed by
Dr. J. T. IS:nclay for the piotcction of coinage—expressing
in genet.il teiinsjoin confidence ill them, hut suggesting
that H will be impossible to exhibit these pioecsses m a
piactical shape, unless a sufficient appiopnation is made
101 the necessary machinery. Allow me to icijuest' that
jou estimate the cost of the machinery you lcquirc for that
purpose.'
" I beg leave further to ask from you an estimate of the
probable cost of having the coinage of the Mint conducted
according to Di. liai day's piocesses, instead of the piescnt
mode.
" I am aware that a specific and detailed estimate of this
character can hardly be expected ; but 1 will thank you to
furnish such an appioximation as will enable me to gather
pome opinion of the cost, independent of any remuneration
to Dr. Barclay.
" Yeiy icspcelfullv, your obedient servant,
"HOWELL COISB,
" Secretary of the Treasury.
" Professors Rooers and Vetiuke, p'/H£ailcijifttcr."
In response to this request I haveieceived from the com-
missioner their letter of the 31st ultimo, which is herewith
transmitted, with the inclosurcs therein referred to, fiom
which it appears that llic probable cost of producing a speci-
men coin, aceordingto Dr Barclay's proecs-e.=, is estimated
at $4,300, and that a similar amount will he requiied for
coins of eacli denomination, independent of the ordinary
processes of the Mint, as well as any remuneration to Dr.
Barclay.
The foregoing results of the investigation ordered by the
joint resolution are lespectfuliy submitted to the consider-
ation of Congress.
Very lespectfully, your obedient servant,
IIOWELL COBB,
Seerclary ojthe Treasury.
Hon. .Ton:; C. Breckinridge, Vice President oj the United
States and President of the Semte.
TIIE JOURNAL.
Mr. SLIDELL. I desire to inquire whether
the Journal has been read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Its reading
was dispensed with by unanimous consent.
Mr.SLIDELL. I submit whether it can be dis-
pensed with in the absence of a quorum. There
is no quorum here.
Mr. HUNTER. One objection can prevent
the reading being dispensed with, and I think it
is only extreme cases that justify the suspending
of the reading of the Journal.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can only
be done by unanimous consent. The Chair stated
the question, and inquired whether there was any
objection.
Mr. SLIDELL. There is no quorum present,
and we can do no business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Whcnevei
that fact is ascertained, all business must be sus-
pended. Until it is ascertained, business will bo
continued. Does the Senator object on that
ground ?
Mr. SLIDELL. I desire that the Journal shall
be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does tho Sen-
ator from New Hampshire withdraw his motion
to suspend the reading of the Journal?
Mr. HALE. It need not be withdrawn, if it
requires unanimous consent. I have no objec-
tion. I have not the slightest interest in the world
in it, and do not care ifstraw about it. I think
we may as well hear that as the speeches that
might be made.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
moved that the leading be dispensed with.
Mr. HALE. Oh, no.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New Hampshire made that motion, and the
Chair inquired whether there y.-as any objection
to entering the order. The Chair heard none, and
under that impression it was suspended. If it is
called for, it will be read.
Mr. SLIDELL. I do it for the simple reason
that a quorum is absent, and Senators count on
this time being occupied in the reading of the
Journal.
Mr.POWELL. The Chairproperlyannounced
it. There was no objection. The Senator from
Louisiana has come in-since.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reading
of the Journal will be proceeded with, if it is de-
sired.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Senators, the
presence of the Vice President makes it proper
for me to vacate the chair. But before doing so,
allow me to tender you my grateful acknowledg-
ments for the honor conferred upon me by my
selection to preside over the deliberations of the
Senate during his temporary absence.
The Vice President took the chair.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
J ournal.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. HALE. I object.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senate will
agree to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the Journal must be read.
Mr. SLIDELL. I think there is a quorum now
present, and that was the only objection 1 had.
Mr. HALE. Let us have the whole of it.
Mr. SLIDELL. If tho Senator chooses to
renew his motion, I have no objection to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is made
in another quarter.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
Journal.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires the
unanimous consent of the Senate. Is there ob-
jection'
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
proceed with the reading of the Journal.
The Secretary continued reading.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 think we have been pun-
ished enough. I think there*will be no fintlier
objection to suspending the reading of the Journal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
