2010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
orable creditor, requiring that these men shall pay
the uttermost farthing, or be driven from their
homestsads.
Mr. President, I have no disposition to be over
strenuous about the prosecution of this matter.
Gentlemen talk a good deal about this side of the
Chamber. Well, sir, we on this side of the Cham-
ber, politically, are in a very lean minority here.
Gentlemen see fit, however, to address us on the
subject. They liave the power, at any moment
they see fit to exercise it, to relieve themselves
from the consideration of this bill, or to vote it
down if they see fit.
Now, sir, tlie reason why I am anxious for the
House bill is, that it is a more liberal proposition;
more beneficial to the men who go into the wil-
derness in order to cultivate the earth and make
it of value to themselves, and to our common
country. I wish to relieve them from their dis-
tress. The House bill—and I wish it to be un-
derstood that that is the reason why I am stren-
uous about it—grants to those who have gone
into the possession of the land already the same
benefit that those wiio may go hereafter will rc-
ceivc; and when they shall have stayed upon
the land honestly, and cultivated it for five years,
it provides that they shall be equally benefited
with those who may go after the passage of the
bill. Does not equality among men, does not
justice, demand that that should be done ? Why
be so partial in the benefits that you propose
to bestow? If a man went into the wilderness
last year, encountering all its hardships, intend-
ing to pay the Government for his land, if lie
will stay there and comply with the provisions
of tlie bill, is he not entitled to favor upon the
same ground, and with the same justice, as those
who go now, after your bill passes? Why, sir,
it will be of incalculable benefit to thousands and
tens of thousands of honest, hard-laboring men
there, who now are borrowing of your money-
sharks, at a ruinous rate of interest, in the de-
spairing endeavor to pay for their titles, which
are threatened to be oveithrown by the inexora-
ble demands of this Government. Sir, I want to
relieve them from this. 1 want to carry the glo-
rious news to those settlers that we do not intend
to net the Shylock and to extort from them that
which Providence has deprived them of the means
of bestowing. It is in this spirit that the just
men of the other House conceived this bill; it is
in this spirit that they sent it to us; and we all
understand it to-night just as well as we shall one
month hence. The amendment which has been
so much objected to is only calculated to remedy
this evil; to have a retrospective as well as a
prospective operation upon these poor men. it
makes very little di/lerfiire to us here in the Sen-
ate, but it is of immense importance to those who
are to have the benefitofit, how we shall determ-
ine this question-
Now, sir, what is the objection to taking the
vote to-night? Sometimes it is said that the Sen-
ate is remarkably thin, lively vote we have taken
to-day shows that the Senate is more watchful
than lias been generally the case during this ses-
sion. You have had over fifty votes recorded, if
1 recollect alight, upon almost c\ery division.
How is it, then, that it is pleaded hcie,fordelay,
that there is not a full Senate? Who is absent
that has not chosen to be absent' What mem-
ber of the Senate has left this place because the
necessities of his own constitution, or his own
health, or the health of his family, or„niy other
reasonable excuse, has called him away? None.
For all that appears, every Senator is here who
takes the least interest m this matter.
Mr. POLK. I wish to say to the Senator from
Ohio that 1 am satisfied he is mistaken, when he
says there is not one absent on account of health.
1 think 1 know two such.
Ml'. WADK. Well, sir, there may be one, or
two, or three; 1 do not profess to be very definite
about the number; but I say the Senate is full
enough to transact the most important business
that can come before the national councils. We
arc amply able here, with our present numbers,
to determine the great questions of peace, or war,
or anything else.
What is the plea that is made? We are told,
that if we shall modify this bill, so as exactly to
suit the minority, they will not delay us a single
moment. Is not that a remarkable boon? If we,
a majority, would overrule the House of Repre-
sentatives; overrule the action of the people's
branch for nine or ten years, and conform our-
selves to a minority of the Senate, then you would
make no factious opposition to tft! Sir, it is a
remarkable condescension; remarkable, that Sen-
ators promise us that if we make the bill exactly
to suit their notions, they will not resist an hour.
I wish to say to Senators: you are not responsi-
ble for the passage of this or any other bill that
you see fit to oppose. Those of us who vote for
the bill must take the responsibility of passing
it upon our own shoulders, and it cannot harm a
hair on the head of any other man. Whatis our
constant mission on this side, except to yield our
better judgment to majorities marshaled against
us, from day to day? What would you say of
us, the minority on this side, if we factiously
withstood you, and told you that, by every rule
and management by which delay could be sought,
we would prevent your doing business; would
obstruct you in the path that you had marked out
for yourselves ? The minority arc not responsi-
ble for what the majority do.
Now, sir, if I could believe that there was any
Senator on this floor that did seek information
upon the subject of this bill; who did not under-
stand it; who wished to enlighten his own judg-
ment as to the vote lie should give, I should be
strongly inclined to yield ill his behalf; but I can
hardly believe that. Indeed, no Senator that I
have heard has said that he wanted delay for any
such reason.
Next, Mr. President, as to the delay. Most as-
suredly I should not care much whether the filial
vote was taken on this bill to-morrow or the next
day, were it not for the fact that there is just
ahead of us a convention that will draw off sev-
eral of our members who wish to vote on the bill.
I see the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] is
coming forward with his appropriation bills, and
I have been compelled to thrust this measure be-
tween him and the passage of those bills in a man-
ner that I did not like to do. I should have been
glad, and I felt the propriety of allowing him to
have those bills taken up and acted upon; but I
have been compelled to interpose, because I be-
lieve the same spirit which has appeared here, if
this measure got behind all those bills, would
never suffer it to comc to any conclusion at all. I
judge that, bccause the last one was staved ofi'and
was never voted upon, because wo never could get
a direct vote on it.
Two postponements have recently been made
of this bill for a definite time, and this is, I believe,
tlyj third one, when there seemed to be at least
an implied understanding that no factious oppo-
sition should be made to proceeding with it, and
that we should go on in good faith to perfect it,
and act on it as fast as we could. It was post-
poned in that spirit once, twice, and I do not know
but three times. Here we are now, in the night
time, upon this same proposition, with a plea put-
in for further delay, and another definite day is
proposed when we shall act on it. Why, sir, if
you postpone it for a month, every argument that
we have heard here to-day would then be made
over again, as though we had forgotten all about
it, and we should be driven again into the night.
I do not know when we shall be permitted to take
the vote.
I am sorry to say that, without a previous ques-
tion in this body, we have done but very little
during this whole session. I blame nobody. I
know how it is. We are weeks, in my opinion,
months, behind the House of Representatives to-
day in business. All the important measures
pending, in my judgment, cannot be deliberately
acted on in this body before September next, if
we were to go on as fast as we ordinarily proceed
with business. I hardly know of an important
measure that has yet passed this body during the
whole session; and it does strike me that Senators
who ever intend to get away from this place ought
to begin to try to do something towards getting
through. We have talked about a great many
things, and partially acted on a great many meas-
ures; but just as we comc to the final consumma-
tion, they are postposed to a future time, and then
they are taken up as new questions, debated over
again, and the consequence is that we do nothing.
Sir, I do not know when we can get the vote
on this bill, if we do not take it now. To-mor-
row there is an implied pledge of the Senate, as I
understand, that the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Douglas] shall have the floor to answer the ar-
guments made against him by the Senator from
Mississippi, [Mr. Davis. 1 We all thought it
was proper that he should have an opportunity
to make that reply.' I feared that perhaps it
would interrupt this bill; but on second thought,
seeing that we had proceeded with it so far, see-
ing that we had adjourned upon it so long and so
often, and postponed it from time to time, so that
everybody understood it, I could not but believe
that during this day, and while the sun shone,
we should have time to get through with it to the
satisfaction of every one, and consummate it. 1
thought we should, and therefore I did not object
to allowing the Senator from Illinois to have to-
morrow.
Well, sir, we have had a good many long, in-
teresting, enlightening speeches to-day; but we
have made no progress with the bill, and wo are
apt to make but little at this rate. Majorities may
vote me down, and adjourn if they see fit; but,
for one, I cannot yield this measure until it is con-
cluded; not even if Senators on the other side tell
us that we never shall have the question. I know
they have it in their power to prevent it; a major-
ity may take any course they please; but, with
iny assent, we shall not adjourn before wc pass
the homestead bill. If a majority rule otherwise,
of course I must submit.
Mr. BROWN. I ask the Senator from Ohio,
who has just concluded his speech, whether he
cxpcctsafinal vote upon this proposition to-night?
Mr. WADE. I will say to the Senator that I
do not sec any reason why there shall not be. I
do not know that it will be done.
Mr. BROWN. Unless he does, it is better to
take some other bearing, and do it calmly and
considerately. Without having any feeling of
hostility to this bill, feeling kindly towards it,
feeling disposed to let it pass in the form reported
by the committee, I am very sure that we shall
not get to a final vote to-night. We may sit here
to a very late hour, even until the coming of the
morning, and still we shall not dispose of thfs
proposition. Then, I ask Senators whether it is
not better to acccpt my first suggestion, to adopt
the amendments about which wc have no contro-
versy, leave the controverted point over to an-
other day, and fix that day. Since to-morrow is
to be taken up by the assignment made to the
Senator from Illinois, and that which will neces-
sarily follow him, I agree with the Senator from
Ohio, that we shall have no vote then. It will be
impossible to get a vote to-morrow. On the day
after, I understand that Republican Senators are
desirous of leaving for their convention at Chi-
cago. Then, why not fix a day for taking the
question on the two disputed points—the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Minnesota,
and the final passage of the bill—and postpone
them to some day certain in the next week, or tlie
week after? There is no use, let me tell Senators,
in our sitting here wearying ourselves, wasting
the wee hours of the night, to make to-morrow
useless to all of us and to the country; for if we
waste away these hours until one or two o'clock,
to-morrow will be lost to us all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Mis-
sissippi will allow me, I should like to ask him a
question. It is, whether we have not mfide the
distinct understanding that lie now proposes,
twice before -
Mr. BROWN. Suppose we have, and circum-
stances have interfered to prevent us from carry-
ing out those agreements: surely the Senatorsces
that tliey are not circumstances created by a
party, or in any factious spirit. It is not a delib-
erate purpose to defeat a vote oil the bill, bccause
all of us see that it has a majority of friends here,
and we must come to a vote on it. If I thought
that by staying here until twelve, or until one, or
two o clock in the moining, you could dispose of
this bill, I should say, " very well, sit it out,"
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Mississippi what it means
when Senators vacate their seats and leave us
without a quorum? Is not that faction?
Mr. BROWN. A few may do that hastily,
under excitement; but give them a day for calm
reflection, and 1 am sure they will all come back
and vote calmly and dispassionately. You can-
not drive things in the Senate, I have seen that
tried before, I have been here longer, I think,
than the Senator from Ohio, who hasjust resumed
