1066
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
contemplate the abrogation of the present con-
tracts covering the same service?
Mr. COLFAX. I will say to the gentleman
from Alabama that the bill proposes the abro-
gation of no contracts whatever, but leaves that
matter for Congress to determine. It may be that
the present contractors may be the lowest bidders
under this bill. The bill only invites proposals.
Mr. HOUSTON. It involves important prin-
ciples.
Mr. EIIELPS. I submit a motion that this
bill be printed. It can he printed, and laid upon
our tables to-morrow morning.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the House
proceed to the business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. BURNETT. I appeal to the gentleman
from Ohio to allow me to offer a resolution, which,
in my judgment, will consume but a moment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire that we shall pro-
ceed to the regular order of business.
Mr. BURNETT. I understood that I was to
have the floor when the gentleman from Indiana
yielded it.
The SPEAKER; It was so stated; and the
Chair would suggest to the gentleman from Ohio
that the gentleman from Ken tacky should be per-
mitted to introduce the resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly, if there was such
an understanding.
BINDING FOR THE HOUSE.
Mr. BURNETT then, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tli« Committee on Public Expenditures
inquire into the manner m which the binding of the present
Congress has been let out; that they inquire into the num
iter of bidders for the same; tiie price at which they pro-
posed to do the work ; whether the contracts were made
witirth.e lowest bidders, and in accordance with existing
laws; and that they have power to send for persons and
papeis.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now insist upon my mo-
tion that the House proceed to the business upon
the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The first bill on the Speaker^ table was an act
(H. R. No. 216) making appropriations for ful-
filling treaty stipulates with the Ponca Indians,
and with certain bands of Indians in the State of
Oregon and the Territory of Washington, for the
year ending June 30, I860, with amendments of
the Senate; which were taken from the table, and
re/erred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
NEW LAND DISTRICT.
An act (S. No. 90) to create an additional land
district m Washington Territory was next taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time,,and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN, by unanimous consent, re-
ported, from the Committeeof Ways and Means,
a bill making appropriations for the support of
the Army for the year ending June 30, 1861;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Wholeon the state of the Union,
and that it be printed.
Mr. STANTON. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the standing Committee on Military
Affairs.
The SPEAKER. The question will be first
upon the motion to refer to the Committeeof the
Whole on the state of the Union, unless it be
waived.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not waive my motion.
Mr. STANTON. The motion is in order, and
debatable. I suppose the House might as well
settle now, for the residue of the session, what
are the legitimate duties of the respective com-
mittees of this House. Among the variety of
other reforms I desire to see introduced, is that of
distributing the business of the House to the re-
spective committees to which, in my judgment,
it belongs; and not allow it to be monopolized by
one committee, who must of necessity be physic-
ally incapable of understanding it.
If there is any use in a Committee on Military
Affairs, any Committee on Naval Affairs, any
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, it
seems to me it is for the purpose of inquiring
into the necessities of these various branches of
the public service. Under the practice which has
prevailed during the last fifteen or twenty years,
all the annual appropriation bills go to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. If is utterly impos-
sible for that committee to investigate the details
of the expenditure of $80,000,000. The estimates,
in the form in which they are sent to us, cover
some three hundred and fifty printed pages; and
the idea that one committee can examine all the
details upon which their appropriations are predi-
cated, is simply absurd. It is impracticable; and
the result has been that the Committee of Ways
and Means has become a mere organ of the ex-
ecutive department, to report its estimates. Of
necessity they are compelled to take these esti-
mates upon the credit of the various Departments
of the Government. Now, sir, I bSlieve, if you
will distribute these appropriation bills, afterthey
have been made up by the Committee of Ways
and Means, upon consultation with the Executive
Departments, to the various standing committees
of the House which have charge of the various
branches of the public service, who are supposed
to be acquainted with the respective branches of
service with which they are charged, and who are
supposed to be competentto investigate the details
of expenditure of any particular branch, we would
be enabled to determine with greater accuracy
and more certainty what the necessities of the ser-
vice may be. There is no necessity for this Gov-
ernment spending $80,000,000 annually, as it has
done for the last four years. If the Committee of
Ways and Means have, upon an investigation
of their own, undertaken to reduce this amount
$,30,000,000, I undertake to say that they have <
done it without understanding the basis of that
reduction. The service is too vast and too great.
Now, as a member of the Military Committee,
I desire to have authority from this House to
investigate the expenditures of the military ser-
vice. I desire an opportunity of looking into the
details of these estimates, and consulting with
the various bureaus of the War Department, to
know how the appropriations for that Department
have been expended during the last year. I want
to inquire into the necessities of this service, and
to see whether the expenditures reported by the
Committeeof Ways and Means are, in fact, neces-
sary. I desire it in the consideration of retrench-
ment and economy. I desire it for the purpose
of reducing the expenditures of the Government
to the lowest practicable point.
  I am very glad, Mr. Speaker, that 1 have the
authority of my colleague, [Mr. Sherman,] as
the organ of the Committee on Naval Affairs at
the last session of Congress, for the policy which
I now propose to adopt in the distribution of the
business of the House. This whole subject was
discussed in the House at the lastsession, on the
motion-of my colleague to refer the annual naval
appropriation bill to the Committee on Naval
Affairs. My colleague thought it exceedingly un-
wise not to do so. I am still of the opinion which
1 then entertained. My colleague convinced me
by his arguments then, and I have not changed
my mind yet. I hope to have my colleague's
aid now in sending these bills to the proper com-
mittees.
Now, after the refusal of the House to send the
naval appropriation billof lastsession to theCom-
mittec on Naval Affairs, the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs took the responsibility, without an
order of the House, of examining into the Army
appropriation bill. Taking a simple printed copy
of the bill, the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs went to the War Department,
and, by personal interviews with the various
bureaus of the Department, ascertained that the
appropriations for the Army service might be re-
duced by $1,872,000. Amendments to that effect
were proposed in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, by the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs. They were re-
sisted by the chairman of the Committee of Ways i
and Means, I think, almost uniformly. But the I
House sustained the Committee on Military Af-
fairs^ made these reductions, and saved this
$1,872,000; and now there is no complaint.of any
deficiency in that branch of the public service.
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman allow me
to interrupt him ?
Mr. STANTON. Certainly.
Mr. PHELPS. I am satisfied that the gentle-
man from Ohio docs not desire to do any injustice
to the Committee of Ways and Means. The
estimates submitted during the last session of
Congress for the support of the Army were ex-
amined by the Committee of Ways and Means,
and that committee made considerable reduction
on these estimates. There were some small items
which the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs desired to reduce. Some of the
proposed reductions were resisted by me. The
Quartermaster General had informed the House
or the Committee on Military Affairs, that his es-
timates for a portion of the expenditures in his
department were made under the expectation
that there would be a continuous war with the
Navajo Indians in the Territory of New Mexico.
At the commencement of the session of the Con-
gress, information reached up that peace had been
restored with these Indians. In consequence of
that -fact—not known at the time the estimates
were sulitnitted; not known at the time the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means acted on these esti-
mates—a reduction of nearly four hundred thou-
sand dollars was made, and made by the sanction
of both committees. I am willing to concede
that there was a reduction of $1,800,000 on the
estimates as submitted by the Secretary of War.
Do I misunderstand the gentleman from Ohio > I
understood him to say that the Committee on
Military Affairs recommended a reduction on the
estimates of about one million eight hundred
thousand dollars.
Mr.STANTON. No,sir. Theyrecommended
that reduction of $1,872,000 on the bill reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means, which
had been already reduced below the estimates,
and the reduction v.-as made through the instru-
mentality of the Committee on Military Affairs;
and I say now that there is no complaint of any
deficiency in the military service. That is not
all, sir. The Committee on Naval Affairs, with
my colleague as its organ, having acquired in-
formation, through his agency as member of a
special committee to inquire into naval expendi-
tures, moved amendments for the reduction of the
bill for the support of the Navy for the coming
fiscal year, amounting to $1,975,000. That re- "
duction was proposed by the Committee on Naval
Affairs, not on the estimates, but on the bill re-
ported by the Committee of Ways and Means,
which the House refused to refer to the Naval
Committee. The House sustained the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, and reduced the appropria-
tions $1,975,000; and I have heard of no com-
plaint of a deficiency in the naval service. These,
sir, I believe, were the only two standing com-
mittees of the House that took any special charge
of the bills reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means, making appropriations for their par-
ticular departments. By the action of these two
committees, and through the instrumentality of
service which the House refused to confer on
them, and to require of them, nearly four million
dollars were saved in these two annual appropri-
ation bills.
The effect of the present system of transacting
the business of the House is, to subordinate all
the other committees of the House, and to leave
them really very little to do with the essential
legislation of the country.
Now, I make this asatest question. If the House
choose to commit this Army bill to the Committee
on Military Affairs, I take it for granted that it
will follow up the principle thus adopted, and
send the naval appropriation bill to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, the Post Office appropriation
bill to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and the diplomatic and consular bill to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, so that each
committee will have an opportunity of investi-
gating the bill for its department of the public
service.
What has the Committee on Military Affairs
to do now ? A certain gentleman has a claim for
horses lost in the public service—a claim of fifty
or one hundred dollars—and thatgoes to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. The Committee oil
Military Affairs is charged with the investigation
of private claims arising out of the military service
of the country. Now, I hold that the Committee
on Military Affairs ought to look into the neces-
sities of the military service.
I ask the Clerk to read the speech made by my
