46
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 7,
Mr. KELLOGG-, of Illinois. I believe it is'.t'c
[Applause and hisses in the galleries.] I believe
we now understand each other.
Mr. LAMAR. Yes, sir, we do understand each
other; and I am rejoiced that the gentleman has
told us what he means when he says that he and
his party will respect our constitutional rights.
He declares that they will confine slavery to its
present limits, and the vast domain now belong-
ing to our common Government, or hereafter to
be acquired, shall be appropriated to the Free-
Soil North. But why do not these gentlemen con-
tinue their applause ? Are the revelations ill-timed
and-embarrassing ? "Ye gods! strike these dumb
Republicans, and make them speak." [Laugh-
ter, applause, and hisses.] Why so still upon
this occasion ? Is it another specimen of your
" studied silence?"
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania. By the
rules of the House, there can be but one speech
at a time.
Mr. LAMAR. I am glad to hear that exceed-
ingly luminous remark. [Laughter.]
I thank the House for its attention; and, as I
have disclosed precisely the positions which have
been occiyied, I will not detain the House any
longer, i desire, however, to say one word to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Clark,]
who said (and I listened to him, holding my breath
in silent wonder,) that ho had never seen a known
Abolitionist until he came to this city. All I have
to say is, to commend to that gentleman from
New York city a sentiment of an old maxim—
" know thyself!" [Laughter and applause.]
Mr. NELSON. Nothing has been said by
any gentleman in this body with respect to the
resolution offered by the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer,] and as he and 1 occupy
a position here between the dominant parties of
the House and country, I trust that I will be
allowed—although I had hoped that it would have
fallen into abler hands to do so—to say something
to the House in behalf of thnt resolution.
I am one of those, Mr. Clerk, who believe
that the resolution of the gentleman from North
Carolina ought to be adopted, in preference to
the resolution offered by the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Clark.] I was pained to sec
the resolution introduced by the member from
Missouri. While [ go as far as any other man
in the South or North to denounce that most in-
famous publication that has excited the attention
of this House, I, for one, think—with very great j
deference to the sentiments that have been ex- \
pressed on the other side—that we are giving too '
much dignity and too much importance to a most
infamous publication. I, for one, am not m
favor of placing Mr. Helper and his book in the
same enviable notoriety that Erostratusacquired
by destroying the Ephesuin temple. I, for one, j
am opposed to damning his name to everlasting j
fame, by placing it on the rccuids of this House !
and handing it down to an inglorious immor- ;
tality. It seems to me—wuh great deference to I
the opinions of other gentlemen who have ex- 1
pressed different sentiments—that we are digni- i
fying this infamous pamphlet too much by giving !
it the notice which it has commanded here! j
I think that the resolution of the gentleman '
from North Carolina answers the purpose do- '
signed by the mover of the other lesolution, and 1
is more m accordance with the dignity of this 1
House and the gravity of legislative proceedings
than the resolution offered by the gentleman from
Missouri. And why should we not all come up, :
from the East and from the West and from the
North and from the South, and record our votes :
in favor of the resolution offered by the gentle- :
manfromNorth Carolina, which contains nothing
that, by any legitimate construction or intend- '
ment, could be construed as wounding th^ feelings ;
of any member of the House? Why will we not !
all vote for these resolutions? They breathe the ;
spirit of the two great parties that have hitherto
controlled, alternately, the destinies of this groat !
country. One portion of the resolution is copied
from the resolutions of the great Democratic party
in 1852; another is copied from the resolutions of i
the Whig party m the same year. The senti- j
ments that are avowed in the resolution of the | 
member from North Carolina are—I respectfully j
submit to the gentleman from Missouri—infinitely :
more comprehensive than the resolution which !
he has offered here: because, while his resolution 1
signalizes a particular publication, and gives it a
notoriety which is altogether unworthy its nature,
the resolution offered by the gentleman from
North Carolina condemns the slavery agitation in
every shape and form. I, for one, prefer, there-
fore, the resolution offered by the gentleman from
North Carolina, andl earnestly insist on its adop-
tion by this House.
There is one thing, Mr. Clerk, which I think
cannot fail to have struck the mind of every
patriot, and every member of this House We
meet together under most extraordinary circum-
stances. An event of a most exciting character
has occurred in one of the States of the Union,
and it is natural that there should be a feeling of
excitement on the part especially of those who
represent that State on this floor. It is natural
that there should be a feeling of sympathy among
those of us who live in adjoining States; but at the
same time, Mr. Clerk, I maintain that we may
carry this feeling of excitement too far. I know
that a sentiment exists on the part of a portion
of the members of this House—judging, at least,
from the conduct of those who represent part of
the northern States—that this excitement is al-
together unnecessary, that there is no cause for it,
and that it better comports with their dignity and
with their honor that they should not participate
in the discussion which has taken place here. Per-
mit mo to s to thoseay who entertain that senti-
ment that I think they underrate the state of ex-
citement that exists at this time in the southern
States. And while I belong, Mr. Clerk, to a mi-
nority here, and while I cannotexpectthatthe sen-
timents to which I shall give utterance will meet the
approval of either of the dominant parties m this
House, 1 beg leave to call the attention of the
House to what I regard as the alarming crisis
that exists in the history of our beloved land. I
wish to do this temperately and moderately. I
wish to do it in a spirit of perfect respect to every
gentleman of the North and of the South. When
wo look to the South, we find a state of excitement
there that is in accordance with past events. What
do Ave find on the part of a considerable and highly
respectable number of the southern States of this
Union ? Is it not something like a determination
to precipitate a crisis? Por one, I do not agree
either with the extremists of the North or with
the extremists of the South. When you look at
the lnstoiy of puitics in this country, it is an
undeniable fact that nullification had its origin in
South Carolina; and from that day to the present
the spirit of nullification, of secession, of dis-
union, has never slept or slumbered. The snake
of nullification has been scotched, not killed.
That feeling xisted during the lifetime of its great
leader; and one of the last letters he ever wrote—
his letter to Colonel Tarpey—was one in which
a meeting or organization of the southern States
was recommended. In addition to that, we have
had fuither proceedings on the part of the South
which, 1 trust, cannot command the approbation
of a majority of patriots in the country. With
all that, not only did the spirit of nullification dis-
play itself in 38(32, but it has continued to exist
since that time, in various forms and shapes,
which I will not now take time to portray.
A spirit of discord exists between the extremes
of this Union. This was met, and m my humble
judgment is properly condemned, m the resolution
which has been offered by the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer.]
I do not propose, in any remarks I shall make
upon this occasion, to enter into anything like an
elaborate discussion of these subjects; but I think
it mo y not be improper to call the attention of the
House to some of the facts which cannot have
faded from their recollection. Wc ail know that
although the spirit of nullification was for the time
being quieted by the strong and energetic measures
of General Jackson, yet every occasion in which
hostility to this Union could be manifested, since
that memorable period, has been seized. No
longer ago than 1850, a state of things existed
winch was unexampled in the history of the coun-
try, unless it may have been in the Congress of
1820, when the hearts of patriotic men from every
section of the Union were alarmed and excited m
reference to the probable result which preceded
the assembling ot a southern convention in June,
1850, and the reassembling of the same conven-
tion at Nashville, at a subsequent period in the
same year.
The compromise measures, as we all know,
were the result of the patriotic action upon the
pari of the great leaders of the various political
parties of this country. Wc all remember what
the great Webster said in reference to the sleep-
less nights which he passed in the consideration
of those questions. We all know how in the most
unusual and remarkable manner Mr. Fillmore,
the President of the Union and champion, so to
speak, of the Whig party of this country, received
compliments such as were scarcely ever bestowed
in modern times. He received them not only
from members of his own party, distinguished as
statesmen in their day, but from those who warmly
opposed his election and who had done cveiy-
thing in their power to embarrass his administra-
tion.
The same parties which, in 1850, had pledged
themselves that the Union should exist no longer,
have now, from the force of circumstances, re-
ceived an additional impetus; and our object now
should be to arrest its progress, to allay the ex-
citement which so unfortunately for the country
we find existing when we assemble here.
And that same feeling of disunion which ex-
isted in 1850 m a portion of the southern States,
not only existed at the time when the southern
convention assembled in that year, but it has ex-
isted from the days of nullification down to the
present period. It was " unbent and unbroken"
no longer ago than in 1858, when the letter of Mr.
Yancey, of Alabama, was published, adverting
to, or recommending, the organization of a league
of united southerners, the object of which was,
as I believe, to dissolve the Union. I shall not,
! under existing circumstances, go into a history
1 of their principles, many of which existed in and
grew out of this feeling of dissatisfaction with the
Union as it existed, which feeling has been nour-
ished for a scries of years upon the part of a por-
tion of the southern States, and has been developed
in various modes, not important, now to recapitu-
late.
And when we look North, are their skirts clear ?
When look North,are there no sentiments of
that kind existing there? Is there nothing to
correspond with the Vicksburg convention, which
was held no longer ago than in the month of May,
1859? When we look to the South, we see a
feeling of dissatisfaction with the Union mani-
festing itself upon all occasions and under all cir-
cumstances. Is there no feeling of that kind upon
the part of a portion of the North? Why, sir,
since I came into this House I have heard senti-
ments attributed to northern men which, it seems
to me, equal anything that has been said at the
South; sentiments which I regret to notice, and in
which I trust no large portion of our northern
brethren here agree. I will call the attention of
the House to a few extracts lately jfhblished,
showing the circumstances under which we have
assembled here, and the necessity there exists for
wise and moderate counsels upon our part I
will read, in addition to what was read by one
gentleman from Virginia, one or two extracts:
"There is a higher law than the Constitution which
regulates our authouty over the domain. Slavery must be
abolished, and we must do it."
That sentiment is ascribed to William H
Seward. The next extract is taken from the
New York Tribune:
u The time is fast approaching when the cry will become
too overpowering to resist Rather than toleiate national
| slavery as it now exists, let the Union be dissolved at once,
; and then the sm of slavery will lest wheie it belongs.'"
i The next sentiment which I will read is as-
; cribed to Joshua R. Giddings, formerly a mem-
j ber of Congress. It is:
! I look forward to the day when there shall be a servile
1 insurrection m the South; when the black man, armed
j with British bavonet*, and led oh by British officers, shall
assert his freedom, and wage a war of extermination against
his master. And though we may not mock at their calam-
ity, nor laugh when their Icar comcth, jet we will hail it
as the dawn of a political millennium."
Mr. HUTCHINS. X suppose that the gentle-
man from Tennessee has heard that Mr. Giddings
has, over and over again, denied the utterance of
that sentiment when he was 
A Member. On this very floor.
Mr. HUTCHINS. Yes; and in his published
communications to the country.
Mr. COX. Yes; but the gentleman knows that
he has never taken back the spirit of it.
Mr. LEAKE. I undertake to say, that years
