1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1067
colleague, at the last session, on this very subject,
it is so much better than I can make.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"The Speaker announced the business first in order to
be the consideration Of' the repoit from the Committee of
Ways and Means, on tiie naval appropriation bill; on which
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] was entitled to
the floor.
« Mr. Sherman, of Ohio. It seems to me very strange,
Mr. Speaker, that a motion to refer the naval appropriation
bill to the Committee on Naval Affairs should meet with
so much opposition in the House. If the committees of
this House are not to be charged vvitli their appropriate
duties, they ought to he disbanded. If the Committee on
Naval Affairs cannot appear here and move that the naval
appropriation bill be referred to it, so that it may examine
it and see whether the appropriations recommended for this
service ate needed, you might as well disband the Naval
Committee, because there is nothing for it to do. If the
Military Committee, or any other standing committee of
the House, cannot appear here and say that they desire to
investigate the mode and manner of appropuating for their
respective service*, or if the House will not accede to this
reasonable request, the committees ought to be disorganized
and disbanded, and gentlemen ought not to be called on to
seive upon them.
" I said yesterday tlmt the purpose of the motion was not
to thiow imputations, or to cast blame on the Committee
vf Ways, ami Means. I repeat again, that the Committee
of Waj-s and Means is willing and anxious to do its full
duty. Cut I am surprised that the chairman of that com-
mittee should resist so reasonable a motion as this. It was
not intended to throw any disparagement on him or his
committee. lie should invite investigation, and should in-
sist on the other committees of the House examining the
work of the Committee of Ways and Means. It is not
within the reach o! possibility for the Committee of Ways
and Means to examine the estimates. They cannot examine
the details of expenditure oi $80,000,000 within the thirty
days within which they are required by the rule3 of the
House to report their bills. It is not within human power
to examine the estimates in detail, and to report the various
appropriation bills. I say, therefore, that when the appro-
priation bills are leported from the Committee of Ways and
Means they ought to be submitted to their appropriate com-
mittees. The result of that reference would not be such
as the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] anticipates.
I am satisfied that if this bill be referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs, that committee will, so far as time will
permit, cntei upon a thorough investigation of the mode and
manner in which the naval establishment of the country is
kept up, and will save in this appropriation bill not less
than $2,000,000. I believe, aUo, that if this principle were
adopted as a geneial rule, it would have largely in the an-
nual expenditures of the Government. It would create a
kind ol generous rivalry, so to speak, between the com-
mittees of this Hou«e. If the Committee of Ways and
Means weie compelled to repoit their bills with the under-
standing that all the items woe to he examined by another
committee, both committees would be careful what items
they would repoit; and each would be held responsible for
any increase of expenditure lecommendedby them. I have
no doubt that the tendency would be to decrease the ex-
penditures of the Government. As this is a mere question
of reference, and I do not think that debate to any greater
length would throw light upon it, if it be the pleasure of the
House, I will move the previous question."
Mr. STANTON. I will say now what my col-
league said a year ago: that this motion is not made
out of any disrespect to, or with a view of casting
the slightest imputation upon, the Committee of
Ways and Means. It is to relieve them of duties
which they are not physically competent to per-
form, and which no committee is physically able
to perform.
I desire to say, in conclusion, to the House,
that if this bill is committed to the Committee on
Military Affairs, I intend to go personally to the
Department and through the bureaus, and test the
necessity for the expenditures which are esti-
mated for the various bureaus, and, as far as I
can, to reduce them to the very lowest possible
point consistent with the welfare of the public
service.
I hope, sir, that the House will now take a
stand which 1 think it ought to have taken ten
years ago, and distribute the business among the
committees of the House, so that it may be under-
standingly done.
Before I take my seat, I ask the Clerk to read
the 91st rule, which defines the duties of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
The Clerk read, the rule, as follows:
"It shall be the duty of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs to take into consideration all subjects relating to the
military establishment and public defense which may be
referred to thorn by the House, and to report their opinion
thereupon; and also to report, from time to time, such
measuies as may contribute to economy and accounta-
bility in the said establishment."
Mr. STANTON. I should like to know how
the Committeeof Ways and Means can discharge
the dutvjmposed upon them by the latter branch
of that rule, if they are not to have the bill re-
ferred to them? How are they to inquire into
where and how economy can be practiced?
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, the relative
duties of the various committees of the House
have often been the subject of discussion and con-
versation on this floor. By the rules of the House,
the duties of the Committee of Ways and Means
are very plain and important. They havesimpfy
to report to this House what sums of money are
necessary to carry existing laws into execution.
All the other committees of the House are charged
with their appropriate duties. As I said at the
last session of Congress, when this subject was
brought before the House, I did think it strange
that the Committee on Naval Affairs should not
be charged with the naval appropriation bill. A
discussion ensued at that time, which convinced
me, and I think convinced a large majority of the
House, that while that doctrine was plausible and
ingenious enough, yet it would not answerinthe
practical working of the business of the House.
A majority of the House then, upon full argu-
ment, decided that this bill ought to go to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The Committee of Ways-and Means have got
to take a general view of this subject. They have
to report to the House the sums necessary to carry
into execution existing laws, and in the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union the
whole subjcct is open to the broadest discussion.
But my colleague, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, complains that he will
have no power to reform abuses. I say, let him
do as I did in the last Congress. If he commends
my example in one instance, let him follow it in
another. He has the power to correct abuses.
The very rule which he has had read at the Clerk Js
desk gives him that power. If this bill is printed,
and goes to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, he can take up the printed bill
and explore the War Department to its lowest re-
cesses; he may examine every contract made by
that Department during the last year, or for the
future; he may examine as to the expenditure of
every sum of money.
Why, sir, he himself answers his own argu-
ment. At the last session of Congress this House
determined, by a large majority, that these appro-
priation bills should go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; and yet, at the
last Congress, the Committee on Naval Affairs, of
which my friend from Virginia [Mr. Bocock]
was chairman, did examine into the mode and
manner of expending money in the Navy De-
partment. We did it without a reference of the
bill to us, upon our own motion under the rules of
the House, and the gentleman can now do the
same thing. He can take the printed bill to his
committee; he can look it over; he can go to the
War Department and see whether any of the sums
that we recommend are unnecessary; he may re-
port his amendments to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; he may there
have a vote upon them; there is the place to dis-
cuss his amendments ? he has a right to propose
his amendments there, and they are to be acted
on there. But the practical difficulty, if the mo-
tion of my colleague should be adopted, is this:
that the appropriation bills necessary to carry on
the Government will be scattered around among
the various committees. There will be no one
committee charged with them. They will get be-
hind; and it will be impossible, if we distribute
them among the various committees, to adoptany
general system, or to get them through, as is ne-
cessary, towards the close of the session.
As 1 said before, I acquiesced in the decision of
the House at the last session. I will acquiesce in
| the decision of the House if it shall be now
changed; but T submit to my colleague that he
gains nothing by his motion; that he will have
every opportunity to examine into the expendi-
tures of the War Department.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to say that if the
House, by refusing to send the Army bill to the
Military Committee, does not choose to impose
upon them any responsibility for Army expendi-
tures, I shall not volunteer any inquiry into the
subject. I will discharge all the duties imposed
upon me by this House; but if the House, by a
solemn vote, refuses to charge me with any re-
sponsibility for the Army expenditures, then I
decline to take any.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then my colleague does
not perform his official duty. Suppose, at the last
session of Congress, when the House, by a large
majority, refused to refer this Army bill to the
Committee on Military Affairs, Mr. Faulkner,
the chairman of the committee, had refused to
perform his duty: we should not have made the
saving my colleague boasts of. Suppose the Naval
Committee, at the last session, had refused to pet-
form their duty: then we should not have had the
saving in the expenditures on navy-yards and
in thelSavy Department of $1,900,000.
There is no practical difficulty in this matter.
If the motion I have made is adopted, the bill goes
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. There it is open for discussion and
for amendment. THfcre it is under the regular
and ordinary course of business of the House,
and we know where it stands; we&now when t© 
bring it forward; we know when it will be passed;
and we can then see an approximate adjournment
of the session of Congress. I call the previous
question on my motion.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will the gen-
tleman allow me a moment?
Mr. SHERMAN. A moment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Last year,
when the motion was made by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] to distribute the appropria-
tion bills among the several committees, I op-
posed the proposition. I saw then, as I think
every one must see, upon reflection, that such a
distribution of the business would involve the
House in great difficulty.
Mr. STANTON. I must insist on order. If
my colleague yields the floor absolutely, he has
a right to do so. But this thing of allowing a
speech to be made within his time, and then call-
ing the previous question, is not right; because
other gentlemen on my side may desire to speak.
Perhaps my friend from New x ork [Mr. ulin]
may desire to do so.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
is entitled to the floor by the consent of the gen-
tleman from Ohio.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I am, as I was
then, opposed to this distribution of the appro-
priation bills among the several committees; for I
perceive, as I think every gentleman mustperceive,
that it would break down the business of the
House, so that it would be utterly impossible for
us to get through with our business and pass the
appropriation bills. There is great confusion, it
seems to me, in regard to the appropriate func-
I tions of these committees. The Committee of
Ways and Means is charged with the duty of re-
ceiving the estimates of the Departments. They
are in constant communication with the Depart-
; ments, and receive what might be termed the
; budgets. Upon them, and upon such otherinform-
! ation as may be before them, they act, and re-
port to the House the estimates of the Depart-
ments, corrected by themselves in such manner
and to such extent as may be nccessary to carry
into effect existing laws.
Mr. OLIN. Will the gentleman from Maine
permit me to make a single inquiry ? The col-
league on the Committee of Ways and Means of
the gentleman has made the same statement, in sub-
stance ; but is it strictly true ? Are there not a va-
riety of appropriations essential to the military
service of the country which are not made in pur-
suance of existing laws? For instance: appropri-
ations are made at every session of Congress for
. certain fortifications, in the general appropriation
! bills, which are not made in pursuance of exist-
! ing laws, but inconsequence of the recommenda-
J tions of the Department. In carrying out thatpol-
' icy at the last session of Congress, appropriations
were made, upon the recommendations of the De-
{ partment, for fortifications, in reference to which,
; I am sure, if Congress had known the facts, no
i member of the House would have voted a farthing
I for such a purpose. These appropriations are
| reported by the Committee of Ways and Means,
1 and the House cannot always be informed in rcf-
1 erence to their propriety. It is not, therefore,
strictly true that it is the sole duty of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report the appro-
priations necessary to carry out existing laws. It
is true, as every one knows, that appropriations
are made every session for the erection or repair
of public buildings, for which there is no existing
law. • , ,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I think the
gentleman from New York is entirely mistaken;
at least he has failed to convince me tkat_he is
right. It is the duty of the Committee of Ways
and Means to report such appropriations as are
