1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2011
his scat; at least I have been longer in Congress;
this is my sixteenth or seventeenth year in Con-
gress, ana I never saw one of these night sessions
result in anything but a dead break-down on both
sides.
Mr DOUGLAS. I desire to ask the Senator
from Mississippi to allow me to make a sugges-
tion, and it is this: rather than have the Senate
go on with this exhausting process, and in order
to enable us to restore harmony here, if it is
agreeable to the Senate, I will waive my right to
tlie floor to-morrow and postpone it until Mon-
day, in order that the Senate may adjourn now,
and finish this business to-morrow. ["That is
fair."]
Mr. GREEN. I 'object to that.
Mr. BROWN. I certainly should not ask of
the Senator from Illinois that he should yield to-
morrow. Still, if it be agreeable to him to give
up the day, and we can adjourn this question un-
til to morrow, and go on with it and dispose of it
then, I should, perhaps, think that best under all
the circumstances.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Mis-
sissippi will allow me, I will say that if it is en-
tirely agreeable to my colleague, and he makes
that suggestion, I am inclined to agree to it, and
dispose of the matter in that way; but I certainly
would not ask him to yield liis right to the floor
to-morrow.
Mr. BROWN. Nor I.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But if he proposes it, and
it is entirely agreeable to him, for one I should
be willing to do that, if we could get a rote on
this bill to-morrow.
Mr. HAMLIN. If the Senator from Missis-
sippi will allow me, I simply want to indorse
what has been said by the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Trumbull.] If the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Douglas] makes that proposition volunta-
rily, if he is willing to yield the floor to-morrow,
I say, as one Senator here, I am willing to meet
that proposition.
Mr. HALE. So am I.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will state to the Senator
from Maine that I made the proposition without
the suggestion of any Senator, as a duty that I
thought I owed to the Senate, under existing cir-
cumstances. It was my desire to go 011 to-mor-
row; but I preferred a postponement until Mon-
day to the continuation of these scenes, and
therefore I voluntarily proposed to postpone my
remarks until Monday, and to let this subject be
disposed of to-morrow.
Mr. GREEN. You shall have to-morrow.
Mr. BROWN. I understand that, if wo ad-
journ now, this question will come up as unfin-
ished business to-morrow. Then I move that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Before the question is put,
I wish to state that, if the adjournment takes
place now, I shall not speak until Monday; and
therefore the Senate can take up this bill to-mor-
l'ow.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 9, 1860.
The House met at twelve e'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
TREE NEGROES.
Mr. DUNN. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House for leave to introduce the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
Instructed to inquire into, and report, whether it is practi-
cable and expedient to obtain the rights and privileges of
settlement and of citizenship in any part or thib continent,
or on the adjacent islands s,outh of the United States, for
the benefit of such free persons of Afiican descent a  may
choose to emiffrate thereto from the United States, or
where such eimsiants may form themselves into independ-
ent colonic*, under such protection as may secure them
from foreign molestation.
Mr. CURRY. I object.
Mr. DUNN. I shall avail myself of the ear-
liest opportunity of presenting this resolution
when it will be in order, and ask a vote on it.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received i roin the Senate of the
United States, by Mr. Hickey, their Chief Clerk,
notifying the House that that body had passed
Senate resolution No. 35, providing for the ob-
servation of the«cclipse of the sun, which will
occur on the 18th day of July next; in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
CORRECTION OF THE JOTTRNAL.
The SPEAKER. The pending question before
the House is a motion made by the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Jones,] that the Journal of
Saturday last be corrected, by striking out so
much thereof as states that the bill of the House
(No. 374) for the relief of the Missionary Society
of the Methodist Episcopal Church was reported
from the Committee of the Whole House, and
also by striking out the subsequent proceedings
of the House upon said bill; and on thatquestion
the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Jones] is enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. JONES. There are several members of
the House who have a recollection of my having
made an objection to the bill which has been in-
dicated. If there be no objection, 1 would like
to have action waived on my motion for the pres-
ent, until the members acquainted with the facts
in this case shall come in. I must say, however,
that I would like to have the question disposed
of before we go into the Committee of the W hole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Let us dispose of the
question now.
Mr. JONES. Very well, then. If it be the
pleasure of the House, I am willing that the ques-
tion shall now be disposed of.
Mr. HATTON. If it will suit the gentleman,
I hope that the question will go over until to-
morrow morning. There arc several members
who desire to leave the city, to be absent this
evening and to-morrow, and would be glad that
the tariff bill be now taken up and disposed of.
Mr. JONES. I have several objections to yield-
ing to that suggestion. In the first place, I ex-
pect to leave the city to-morrow afternoon, and it
may be that I may not, to-morrow, have an op-
portunity to get my question again before the
House. Beside all that, the Journal of thisHouse
should be corrected before it is printed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his question.
Mr. JONES. On Monday afternoon I made
a motion to amend the Journal of Saturday, when
House bill No. 374,giving$20,000 to the Methodist
Missionary Society for a claim they held to apiece
of land in the State of Oregon, was reported from
the Committee of the Whole House. 1 objected to
it, but the Journal does not show that I made any
objection. Mymotion is that the Journal be cor-
rected, and that all legislation 111 consequence of
the error be considered null and of no effect. In
the published proceedings of the House it is no-
ticed that the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Hoard] made objection to the bill, and that lie
subsequently withdrew it; but, sir, there is 110
mention of any objection 011 my part. My rec-
ollection is distinct that I did object to that bill.
I am not aware what was done 011 the other side
of the House. I am prepared to substantiate my
own statement by the statements of members who
heard my objection. I understood the Chairman
to recognize me when I rose to object; and also that
my objection was recognized. 1 am confirmed in
that from the fact that Mr. Pexdletox, of Ohio,
came over and sat beside me, and had a consider-
able conversation with me, trying to persuade me
to withdraw my objection, which I declined to do.
I11 the report of the proceedings 110 objection ap-
pears to have been made by me; and the bill was
reported to the House as not being objected to,
and was passed. I therefore move to amend the
Journal so as to show that I objected to the bill.
I do not now see Mr. Pexdleton in his seat, but
there may be othcrgentlemen who have a recollec-
tion about it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The Journal
will not show whether an objection was made or
not, for there is no Journalkept in committee. If
the Committee of the Whole House did not, in
point of fact, report this bill, with a recommend-
ation that it pass, then the gentleman might
move to correct the Journal, because the Journal
would be wrong; but if the committee, in point
of fact, did report the bill, there is 110 error in the
Journal. The gentleman from Georgia dues not
deny that the committee made the report; he only
says that he made objection, and that therefore the
committee should not have reported it. It is not
a question of the record. The record is. not
wrong, and therefore cannot be corrected. If the
gentleman from Georgia is right, as I daresay I10
is, it does not follow that the committee did not
correctly report the bill; for it may have been that
afterwards thej question came up and was again
submitted to the committee, and no objection then
made, and the bill reported t« the House. There-
fore, in point of fact, there is no error to be cor-
rected. All the bills were read by their titles, in
the House, and passed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I was going to re-
mark that I had the honor to occupy the chair
on Saturday last when that bill came up on the
Private Calendar, and my recollection is different
from that of the gentleman from Georgia.
My recollection is this—and I have no doubt
the gentleman from Georgia is as sincere in his
recollection as I am in mine—that the bill was ob-
jected to by some gentleman 011 that side of the
House; that he subsequently withdrew that ob-
jection; and that then there was no objection made,
and the bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it pass. If
there was any objection made by the gentleman
from Georgia, it certainly escaped the ear of my-
self, who was then occupying the chair.
Let me say, also, why I am more distinct about
my recollection of this matter than I would other-
wise have been. I knew something about the
bill. Certain papers connected with it had been
referred to the Committee on Public Lands by-
mistake. I examined these papers, and founil
that they were referred to the wrong committee.
I therefore brought them to the House, and had
them referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, who reported the bill. I thereforo had my
attention directed (o it when it was called in its
order on the Calendar. This is my recollection;
and I feel it my duty to make the statement to the
House.
Mr. BUFFINTON. I move to lay the motion
to correct the Journal on the table.
Mr. STANTON. 1 wish merely to say that I
took the chair when the committee rose last Sat-
urday, and when the bills were reported to the
House. I had the titles of the bills read sever-
ally and distinctly before they were put upon
their passage, and no objection was made to this
bill.
Mr. JONES. I desire to say a word in reply
to the remarks of the gentleman from Maine.
Mr. HATTON. No debate is in order.
The SPEAKER. A motion is pending to'lay
oil the table, and no debate is in order.
Mr. JONES. I do not like to be gagged down
011 a point that I am certain about.
Mr. BUPPINTON. I withdraw the motion,
if the gentlemen from Georgia is not through. I
supposed he had made all the statement he desired
to make.
Mr. JONES. I ask the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Hoard,] whether he did not hear my
objection r
Mr. HOARD. I cannot say that I have any
recollection that the gentleman objected to this bill.
I objected to another bill myself. There may
have been some confusion about it. I have no
recollection of it.
Mr. HATTON. I renew the motion to lay on
the table, and insist upon it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. HATTON. I insist 011 a vote on my mo-
tion .
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose that this is a mat-
ter which the Speaker and the House want to
understand. As there is a difference of opinion
between the gentleman from Georgia and the
chairman who presided on that occasion, I take
it for granted that the House would like to hear
from other gentlemen, and particularly from the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Pendleton,] if he be
in the House.
Mr. JONES. I should like to hear the state-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, before the vote
be taken.
Mr. HATTON. The rules of the House do
not allow debate on a motion to lay on the table
I insist 011 mymotion.
Mr. GARTRELL. Before the motion be put,
I would like to say one word. I appeal to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, in justice to my
colleague, to withdraw his motion.
