1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,,
2055
Rhode Island asks unanimous consent to suspend
the read ins: of the Journal.
Mr. HALE. Read on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the Secretary will procecd.
The Secretary continued to read.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope now there will be
no objection to suspending the further reading of
the Journal. I ask that it be dispensed with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent. The Chair hears no objection;
and the further readmsrof the Journal is dispensed
with.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWAUD presented resolutions of the
Chamber of Commercoof New York, remonstrat-
ing- against the passage of the bill now pending
before Congress to give the assent of Congress to
the act of the Legislature of Louisiana for levy-
ing tonnage duties on shipping, for the improve-
ment of the Pass aTOutrc of the Mississippi river*,
which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of P. S. Halstead
and others, of the city of New York; and a peti-
tion of A. H. Bell and others, of the city of New
York, severally praying the enactment of a law
authorizing the exchange of gold and silver for
cents at the Mint; which were referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of D. Griffing
and others, in relation to the pensions of the sol-
diers of the revolutionary war; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CHANDLER presented additional papers
in support of the claim of A. Edwards to a pen-
sion; which were referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. KING presented two petitions of citizens
of New York city, praying the passage of a law
authorizing the exchange of gold and silver com
for cents at ti\p Mint; which were ordered to lie
on the table.
He also presented the memorial of R. "W".
Booth and others, manufacturers and hardware
dealers of the city of New York, praying that the
duty on steel may not be increased, as proposed
by the tariff bill now ponding before Congress;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. GREEN presented the memorial of Wright,
Kendall & Co., and others, of Fitchburg, Mas-
sachusetts, praying that the duty on steel may
not be increased, as contemplated by the tariff
bill now pending before Congress; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. LANE presented the memorial of Conroy
& O'Connor, and others, hardware merchants of
the city of New York, praying that the duty on
nteel may not be increased, as contemplated by
the tariff bill now pending before Congress; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SLIDELL presented the petition of W.
W. Richmond, praying compensation for his ser-
vices as secretary of legation at Brussels, fiom
1853 to 1656; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. GREEN, it was
Ordered, That the bill (II. R.No. 132) to remove the Uni-
ted States agonal from the city of St. Louis, and to provide
for the sale of the lands on which the same is located, be
recommitted to the Committee on Military Affairs and
Mjlitia.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. BRIGHT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.No.
506) for the relief of Mrs. Charlotte Hayes; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the resolu-
tion I introduced some days sincc, to rescind the
resolution adopted fixing the day of the adjourn-
ment of Congress.
Mr. THOMSON I hope the Senator will allow
reports to be made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Massachusetts yield the floor?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir. I yield for reports,
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
399) granting a pension to Adeline Caddis, re-
ported it with an amendment.
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 486) to authorize and direct the Sec-
retary of War to contract with the Overland and
Pike's Peak Express Company, reported it with
an amendment.
Mr. BIGLER, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(S. No. 43) giving the assent of Congress to cer-
tain acts passed or to be passed by the Legisla-
tures of the States of Arkansas, Louisiana, and
Texas, or any two of them, in relation to the
" raft" of Red river, and for other purposes, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. SAULSBURY, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 459) granting an increase of pension to James
Dunnm?, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 463) granting an
invalid pension to Samuel Hamilton, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 449) for the re-
lief of Eunice Cobb, repotted it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 70) granting a
pension to John Jackson, an invalid soldier, re-
ported it without amendment, and that it ought
not to pass.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 532) granting a
pension to Richard M. Hadcn, repoited it with-
out amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 455) granting a
pension to Chauncey Hoyt, of Chenango county,
New York, reported it without amendment, and
that it ought not to pass.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 466) granting an
invalid pension to Thomas Glasgow, reported it
withoutamendment, and thatitoughtnotto pass.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 498) for the relief of M. W. Izard,
reported it without amendment, and submitted a
report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the petition of
Mary E. Whicher, administratrix of Stephen
Whicher, praying for the payment of a judgment
rendered hi favor of him by the district court of
the United States for the State of Iowa, and fees
for services rendered by her lute husband by direc-
tion of the Government, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was agreed
to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Isaac Lilly, praying
remuneration for the loss of a vessel unjustly seized
and sold under the erroneous pretense that tim-
ber on board the same had been cut from lands
belonging to the Government, asked to be dis-
chargedfrom its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. THOMSON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
448) granting an invalid pension to Esther P. Fox,
widow of Augustus C. Fox, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
petition of F. S. Stevens, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill (S.No. 507) for the relief of
the California Stage Company. The bill was
read, and passed to a second reading; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred a resolution of
the Legislature of California, in favor of the grant
of a certain tract of land, known as the Colorado
Desert, to that State, for the purposes therein set
forth, submitted a report, accompanied by a joint
resolution (S. No. 54) for the survey of the Col-
orado Desert. The bill was read, and passed to r
second reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom was referred a j
petition of the inhabitants of township eighteen, i
range four ea!st, in the county of Marengo, in the
State of Alabama, praying a grant of land scrip
equal to the value of the sixteenth section of saji
township, which was set apart and disposed of
for the encouragement and cultivation of the vine
and the olive, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
350) making appropriations for light-houses, b'ea-
cons, buoys, &c., reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
William Nelson, a lieutenant in the Navy, pray-
ing to be allowed, in the settlement of his accounts,
for certain goods stolen from the United States
store-ship Fredonia, while he was in command
and acting as naval storekeeper, submitted a re-
port, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 508) for the
relief of William Nelson. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. FITCII, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred a resolution toprintthe re-
port of Dr. John Evans on the geology of Oregon
and Washington Territories, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred a resolution to print extra copies of the
report of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian
Institution, for the year 1859, reported it with an
amendment.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolu-
tion; and the resolution, as amended by the com-
mittee, was agreed to; as follows:
Hesolved, That five thousand copies of the report of the
Board of Regents of th*  Smithsonian Institution, for the
year ending 30th June, I860, be printed; two thousand for
the u«se of the Institution, and three thousand for the Sen-
ate : Proiided, That the aggregate number of pages con-
tained in said report shall not exceeed four hundred and
fifty pages, without wood-cuts or plates, except those fur-
nished by tile Institution.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bill and resolu-
tion of the Senate:
A bill (No. 14) for the relief of Francis Dain-
ese; and
A joint resolution (No. 43) to correct a clerical
error in the act approved May 4, 1860, for the
relief of Stewart McGowan.
HOMESTEAD BXLXr.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, from the com-
mittee of confcrence on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the bill of the Senate (No. 416)
to secure homesteads to actual settlers on the
public domain, and for other purposes, made the
following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes df
the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 41G) to secure home-
steads to actual settlers on thepublie domain, and for other
purposes, report:
That, after full and free conference, the committee have
separated without coming to an agieement
SCHUYLJ3U COLFAX,
CVltUS ALDltiCH,
J. h. M. CURRY,
Managers on the part of the House of Representatives*
ANDREW JOHNSON,
A. G. BROWN.
J. R. DOOLITtLE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee,
it was
Resolved, That the Senate further insist upon its disa-
greement To the amendment of the House of ltrprescnla-
tives to the said bill, insisted on by the House, and ask a
further conference on the disagreeing votes of tlie two
Houses thereon.
On motion of Mr. JOI-INSON, of Tennessee,
the Vice President was authorized to appoint the
committee of conference on the part of the Senate;
and Mr. Johnson of Tennessee, Mr. Pitzfat-
rick, and Mr. Cameron, were appointed.
MESSAGE FKOJI TIIE IIOCSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a joint resolution (No. 41) to
reduce the pricc of the public printing; in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
