1068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
necessary to carry out existing laws, and I tiiink
the gentleman cannot show'a single instance in
which the Committee of Ways and Means have
reported appropriations in any general appropri-
ation bill which were not in pursuance of exist-
ing laws,or such as were in conformity 'with the
rules under which they act. The appropriations
which are reported for fortifications are appro-
priations for the continuance of public works au-
thorized by law. But in no case, so far as I am
aware, has the Committee of Ways and Means,
while in the discharge of tiheir specific duties of
providing the appropriations necessary to carry
on the Government, recommended the passage of
independent laws. All such laws come within
the legitimate jurisdiction of other committees of
the House. All such laws relating to the Army
should come from the Committee on Military
Affairs; all such matters referring to the Navy of
the country come properly from the Committee
011 Naval Affairs; those relating to the postal ser-
vice of the country from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads; those relating to the
judiciary of the country from the Committee on
the Judiciary; and so on. These committees are
charged with the duty of inquiring into and re-
porting such laws as are necessary in the partic-
ular branches of Gpvernment to which, by the
rules of the House, their attention is directed.
But, sir, Congress act under their rules; and
when laws are passed, it is necessary that means
should be provided for executing the laws of the
land. In order to accomplish that purpose, it is
proper, it is necessary, that there should be some
one committee which should be in constant com-
munication with the Departments, which should
reccive from them estimates of the appropriations
necessary to carry on the Departments of the Gov-
ernment under the existing laws, and to report to
the House the appropriations necessary to accom-
plish that object. Suppose it were otherwise; sup-
pose the plan of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Stanton] wore to be carried out—the Committee
of Ways and Means, as the organ of the House,
receives communications from the Departments,
revises and corrects their estimates, and reports
iO the House the general appropriation bills—but
suppose, I say, thatas soon as those bills come into
the House they are parceled out among the various
other standing committees of the House—those re-
ferring to the military affairs of the Gpvernment,
to the Committee on Military Affairs; those re-
ferring to the Navy, to the Committee on Naval
Affairs; those relating to the Post Office service,
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads; those making appropriations for carrying
on the judiciary of the country, to the Committee
on the judiciary; those relating to Indian affairs,
to the Indian Committee, and so 011; suppose
these bills are thus parceled out amongst the vari-
ous committees, and they come here each strug-
gling for the floor, no one having the precedence
under the rules: how would you get along with
the business  f the House?
One word in reference to the argument of econ-
omy which the gentleman from (jhio [Mr. Stan-
ton] has made. Does not the gentleman know
that thecomplaint almost universally made against
the Committee of Ways and Means is, that their
tendency is to reduce the estimates of the Depart-
ments rather than to increase them ? Tlie Com-
mittee of Ways and Means is, and of necessity
-must be, a conservative committee. They have
a general view of all the appropriations asked for
tocarryontheGovernment; and having the whole
subject before them, they look around to sec in
what Department reductions can properly be
made. You, Mr. Speaker, know, every member
of the House familiar with the course of business
here knows, that appropriation bills are almost
•always increased in the House after they have
been reported by the Committee of Ways and
Moans, and almost always on the motion of the
separate committees.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let the plan of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr, Stanton] be carried out, and
what will be the result? The Committee of Ways
mid Means now have the whole responsibility
and care of the estimates; but let the Army appro-
priation bill be referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, and that committee will take partic-
ular care that the branch of the public service of
which it has exclusive charge shall not suffer for
want of liberal appropriations; and so it will be :
with every other committee. Is not that the ne-
cessary and inevitable result? Sir, if you will
have economy in the public service, you must
place all these bills in charge of one committee—
a committee which has no more one branch of the
Government under its especial cate than another.
Again, sir, when these bills, reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means, have been re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, they are printed and placed in the
hands of every member of the House; and it is
not only the right of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Stanton,] but it is his duty, as chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, to examine the
military appropriation bill in his committee, and
see what reduction, if any, can safely be made in
theestimates of the Departments, or in the amounts
reported by the Committee of Ways and Means.
I say it is the duty of that committee to ascertain
where reduction can be made; and when the matter
comes on in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, it is the duty of thegentieman
from Ohio,as theorgan of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to rise and propose his reduction, his
reform and retrenchment. That he may now do
under the rules; and he will have no further au-
thority under the rules to reduce the expenditures
provided for in this bill if his motion prevails, and
it is referred to his committee.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Maine, who seems to know more
about the rules than any one else here, if the Mil-
itary Committee has any right to propose any
amendment to an appropriation bill, as a commit-
tee? Have they any power to report an Army
appropriation bill? None in the world. If the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
or any other member of that committee, chooses
voluntarily to perform labor not devolved upon
him by the House, which the House refuses to
require at his hands, and which, under its rules,
will go to the credit of the Committee of Ways and
Means, then, it is true, he may incur that labor,
and he may, not as the organ of the committee,
but the same as any other member of the House,
propose amendments in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union;but, for one, as
chairman of that committee, I do not intend, as a
subordinate of the Committee ofW ays and Means,
to go out of my way to perform a labor which the
House refuses to allow me the responsibility and
credit for.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Then the gen-
tleman from Ohio will not discharge his entire
duty. By the rule which has been read, and by
the rules of the House fixing the duties of these
different committees, a certain class of the public
business is placed in the charge of each. Now,
Mr. Speaker, if these committees perfornn fully
the duties assigned them, they will ascertain what
reductions in the estimates for the particular ser-
vice over which they have charge can be safely
made, or what increase of appopriation may he
necessary, and they will instruct their chairman,
or some other member of the committee, when
the bill is in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, to offer amendments carrying
out their views. It is true, he will not be per-
mitted to offer them as the organ of a committee;
but he may offer them as an individual, and, as
the gentleman from Ohio kjaows is the constant
practice, stating that he has been instructed by
his committee to offer the amendments.
Mr. CURTIS. I would like to say a word on
this question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I am under
obligation to renew the call for the previous ques-
tion, and will now yield to hear what the gentle-
man has to say.
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, if it were true,
as alleged by the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, and by the gentleman from
Maine who now holds the floor, that the pur-
pose and powers of the Committee of Ways and
Means are merely to bring into this House bills
appropriating money for the execution of exist-
ing laws, then I might be willing to admit the
justice of the position they assume, and would
admit that the appropriation bills should not be
referred as proposed by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Stanton.] But the Committee of Ways
and Means is no't limited to carrying out existing
laws by making the appropriauon bills to suit
such laws. In point of fact, that committee brings I
in appropriations which are tantamount to the
enactment of new laws. The rule of the House is:
"General appropriation bills shall be in order in prefer-
ence to any other bills of a public nature, unless othei wise
ordered by a majority of the House."
And further:
"No appropriation shall be reported in such general ap-
propriation bills, or bo in ordpr as an amendment thereto,
for any expenditure not previously authorized by law, un-
less in continuation of appropriations for such pu'bli c works
and objects as are already in progress, and for the contin-
gencies for carrying on the. several departments of the
Government."
You will perceive, Mr. Speaker, what may be
the effect under that rule. It is not whether there
is a previous law, but, under the latter clause of
the rule, " whether such public works are already
in progress." If, many years ago, a public work
was commenced for the improvement of the Red
river, forinstance,and an appropriation of^l0,000
was made for that purpose, and the work is once
put " in progress," the year afterward the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means might bring in an ap-
propriation for the same purpose for f20,000; the
next year for $30,000;and so on, acl libitum. The
first appropriation being had, and the work once
" in progress, "the committee afterwards, at each
Congress, takes the initial step, and by attaching
an appropriation, really enacts a new law; and if
not a new law, then a new appropriation, the ef-
fect of which is to carry on a public work which
may have become perfectly useless, or was never
intended to be prolonged. In that way the so-
called improvements upon the Mississippi rapids
have been carried on for twenty years, prolong-
ing efforts on erroneous plans, and expending
hundreds of thousands of dollars which, in my
judgment, are entirely useless. I cannot believe
j the appropriations would have been made to carry
on a fallacious plan, if a new and careful examin-
ation of the matter had been entered into by a
competent standing committee. The appropria-
tions have been made from time to time without
such reference; because, under the provision of the
rules of the House which I have referred to, the
Committee of Ways and Means may each year,
or at any time, bring in upon one of their bills an
appropriation, and it passes without any knowl-
edge of a previous law or plan, but merely on the
fact of the work having been "in progress,"and
on a general supposition that progression must be
perpetuated. I mention this as an instance, not
to give particulars, but to show how error may
be prolonged; while, if the matter was properly
inquired into, it might be ascertained that the ap-
propriation was entirely needless. That commit-
tee initiates these new appropriations under esti-
mates from the several Departments.
This is especially dangerous as it applies to
appropriations for military affairs. If, twenty or
thirty years ago, a fortification were commenced,
that committee, under estimates from the Depart-
ment, may from year to year bring in appropria-
tions to carry it on toward completion, although
changes of plans and changes of circumstances
would materially change the necessity. That
committee, then, does not only provide for the
execution of existing laws ; for, sir, if an appro-
priation for a certain thing was made twenty
years ago, it would seem that they have power
to make, in one of their bills, another appropria-
tion, and new works may be attached and carried
on.without limitation or due consideration. Con-
gress may make an appropriation for some road
to-day, or for some bridge, supposing that ten
or twenty thousand dollars would be sufficient to
accomplish their design. Afterwards the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means may from year to
year bring in different additional appropriations
for the same work. They may prolong expendi-
tures of the Government, and sometimes to a ruin-
ous and unfortunate extent, in my opinion.
Mr. Speaker, it seems to me that it is right and
proper that all of these bills should be referred,
each to its appropriate committee. That course
may protract the proceedings of the House, but,
sir, we are here to legislate foi the country, and
whatever best conduces to the accomplishment of
tbatpm-pose ought to have our approval. If these
bills are referred—the Indian bill to the Committee
011 r3(1(an Affairs, tile Army bill to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and so on—and the appropri-
ate committees are required to examine into the
separate items of appropriation proposed, I think,
sir, that there would each year be a large saving
