2012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
Mr. HATTON. Nobody denies that the gen-
tleman from Georgia made the objection.
Mr. GARTRELL. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to withdraw his motion, and let the
matter go over till to-morrow morning, when,
probably, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Pendle-
ton] will be in his seat. My colleague is very
confident that the gentleman from Ohio recollects
his objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. To accommodate the gen-
tleman from Georgia, I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. GARTRELL. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will not make a motion till he has the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 do it at your suggestion,
that the matter may go over till to-morrow.
Mr. GARTRELL. Very well. I did not un-
derstand the gentleman's motion.
Mr. HATTON. I insist on my motion to lay
on the table.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Jones] had the floor. How does
the gentleman from Tennessee get the floor to
make his motion?
Mr. HATTON. The gentleman from Georgia
did not have the floor. I had it, and made my
motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Georgia
had not the floor. The gentleman from Tennes-
see had.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Let me state how I
understand the facts. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Buffinton] moved to lay the bill
ou the table, and subsequently withdrew that
motion. The gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Jones] then took the floor to make an explana-
tion, and asked a question of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Hoard.] The gentleman from
New York answered the question; and while the
gentleman from Georgia had the floor, the gentle-
man from Tennessee took it from liini and sub-
mitted his motion. I insist upon it that the gen-
tleman from Georgia had the floor, and simply
asked a question of the gentleman from New
York, and when it was answered, the gentleman
from Tennessee took the floor.
Mr. BUFFINTON. I think I can settle the
whole question. There is no doubt that both the
gentleman from Georgia and the gentleman from
New York objected to this bill. The gentleman
from New York withdrew his objection, hut the
gentleman from Georgia did not then rise and re-
new his ob|ection. That is a plain statement of
the facts, lioth gentlemen did object. The gentle-
man from New York withdrew Ins objection, but
the gentleman fiom Georgia did not renew it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then the objection was still
pending.
Mr. 1IATT01S. I insist on my motion to lay
oil the table.
Mr. JONES. I desire to make a statement in
connection with the matter, and I aslt the gentle-
man from Tennessee to withdraw his motion.
Mr. HATTON. No, sir; I do not want any
further statement. Wc have heard enough about
this matter.
Mr. GARTRELL. In justice to my colleague,
X hope the House will vote down the motion to
lay on the table.
The question being on Mr. IIatton's motion,
Mr. GARTRELL called forthe yeas and nays
The SPEAKER ordered tellers on the yeas and
nays; and Messrs. Hatton and Buffinton were
appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
thirty-one in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I appeal to the gentleman
from Tennessee to allow me to move that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, for the purpose
of taking up the tariff bill, and let this matter go
over as the unfinished business.
Mr. JONES. I have no objection to that.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Georgia is one of the highest' privi-
lege, and cannot be disposed of bv any other
motion.
Mr. HATTON. If anything could be accom-
plished by this motion, I would not object to it;
but I regard it as mere trifling with the House,
■when there is no record to correct, to propose a cor-
rection; and hence, I desire to get rid of the mo-
tion.
Mr.SHEE.MAN. Before the Clerk commences
to call the yeas and nays, I have a right to make
my motion. It is a privileged one. I move that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state, with
due respect to the gentleman from Ohio, that a
motion to correct the Journal isoneof the highest
privilege.
Mr. HATTON. If the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means desires to make his
motion, I will not object to that, as I desire that
the House proceed to its legitimate business.
The SPEAKER. Docs the gentleman from
Tennessee withdraw his motion?
Mr. HATTON. I will withdraw it for that
pinyose.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must with-
draw it absolutely.
Mr. CRAWFORD. That does not get rid of
the motion to correct the Journal.
Mr. HATTON. I withdraw my motion at
the instance of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I will say that if this
question is not disposed of satisfactorily to my
colleague, or at least respectfully to him, it will
certainly prove a matter of some consequence to
gentlemen upon the other side who arc interested
in bills that can bo objected to, when next we go
to the Private Calendar. If, therefore, they treat
my colleague respectfully, they will do them-
selves no injury upon the next objection day.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman lias no ground
for correcting the Journal.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
gentleman from Tennessee to waive his motion.
The motion of the gentleman from Ohio is there-
fore in order.
CODIFICATION OP THE REVENUE LAWS.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Ohio, I desire to ask
the House to postpone further a bill whieli was
postponed until yesterday. It is House bill No.
21, for the codification of the revenue laws. I ask
that it be postponed until the third Tuesday in
December next,and be made the special order for
that day.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
COBlvUCTIOX OF THE JOURNAL—AGAIN.
Mr. CRAWEORD. iVly colleague ran dispose
of this question of the coirection of the Journal
in five minutes by the clock. He has already
made his statement, and merely desires to have
it corroborated by gentlemen now present.
Whether the Journal be corrected or not, it is
due to him that an opportunity should be afforded
to gentlemen to corroborate his statement that he
did make the objection, so that lie may be justi-
fied in what he 1ms already said.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no-objection to that.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
1'endleton] is now in his seat, and the matter
can be disposed of in five minutes.
Air. HATTON. If this matter is to come up
again, 1 will renew the motion to lay upon the
table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Geor-
gia has the floor, to make his statement.
Mr. JONES. I ask the gentleman from Ohio to
state whether or not he heard me object to that
bill, and whether he did not come over and ask
me to withdraw my objection; and if I did not
decline to do so?
Mr. PENDLETON. It is undoubtedly true
that when the bill was read at the Clerk's desk
the gentleman objected to it, and that I went to
him and urged him to withdraw lus objection, and
that he declined to do itr
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM. I was sitting be-
hind the gentlcninn from Georgia when my col-
league came across entreating him to withdraw
his objection, and 1 know the fact that he peremp-
torily refused to withdiaw it.
Mr. GROW. It maybe true that the objection
was made, but the committee reported the bill,
and the record cannot be corrected by any state-
ment.
Mr. BUFFINTON. I move to lay the motion
to correct the Journal upon the table.
Mr. CR-AWFORD. I hope before that motion
is put, the gentleman from California [Mr. Scott]
will be heard.
Mr. SCOTT. I merely wish to make a state-
ment in corroboration of the statements made by
the gentleman from Ohio. I cannot state exactly
what bill the gentleman from Georgia objected to;
but I recollect that he made an objection. I was
sitting immediately in the rear of him, and I re-
member that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Pen-
dieton] came to him and entreated him to with-
draw the objection, and that he persistently refused
to do so.
Mr. BUFFINTON. I now insist on my mo-
tion.
Mr. CRAIG, of North Carolina, demanded tha
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion of Mr. Buffinton was agreed to.
So the motion to correct the Journal was laid
upon the table.
Mr. HAMILTON, by unanimous consent,
made a minority report from the select committee
on the Pacific railroad; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
TARIM BILL.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and tha
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Wash-
burn, of Maine, in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 338) to pro-
vide for the payment of outstanding Treasury
notes, to authorize a loan, to regulate and fix the
duties on imports, and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN stated the pending question
to be on the amendment offered yesterday by Mr.
Pettit to the amendment of Mr. Vallandigiiam.
Mr. PETTIT demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. GluAra.es,
and Kellogg of Illinois, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 60, noes 74.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Vallan-
digiiam's amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. For the purpose of enabling
me to state some facts connected with this ques-
tion, I move pro forma to strike out "twenty per
cent," and insert " fifteen per cent."
Mr. Chairman, it becomes us to inquire when
we are effecting a change in the tariff, to see
whether the theories which have been advanced
upon which the change is proposed are to be
verified; to see whether the inducements held out
in favor of the proposed change are such as should
require us to vote for that change. The present
rate of duty upon flaxseed is fifteen per cent.; but
under that rate no flaxseed is imported into the
country. Linseed is admitted duty free; but the
duty upon linseed oil under the present tariff is
fifteen per cent, ad valorem. Under the tariff of
1846, the duty upon linseed oil was twenty per
cent, ad valorem.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Will the gentle-
man allow me to correct him ?
Mr. PHELPS. I will make the correction
myself. There was another schedule in which
flaxseed was inserted at ten per cent, ad valorem.
Under the construction given at the Treasury
Department, all seeds imported for the purpose
of manufacturing linseed oil under the taiifl" of
1846 was subjected to a duty of twenty per ccnt.
ad valorem, the same as that imposed upon the
manufactured article.
Now, it is proposed by the committee that upon
linseed oil you shall impose a duty of sixteen cents
per gallon, that being equivalent to an ad valorem
duty of twenty-six per cent, and upon the impor-
tations of last year a duty of twenty-eight per cent.
Your committee propose that there shall be im-
posed a duty of eight cents per bushel. Now,
sir, the average dutiable value of linseed, accord-
ing to the returnsof 1856,imported into the United
States is §1 02 per bushel. In the year 1S57 the
average value was $1 10 per bushel. In other
words, the ad valorem rate of duty upon linseed,
according to the bill as reported by the committee,
is between eight and nine per cent., while the duty
