1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2018
upon linseed oil, at the dutiable rates of the arti-
cle, imported into the United States during the last
fiscal year, is twenty-eight per cent.
I hold in my hand a tabular statement showing
thctomount of linseed oil imported into the United
States, with the dutiable value of the article. If
gentlemen desire to reduce a specific duty to ad
valorem, you ought not to take the market price
in the city'of New York, Philadelphia, or Boston,
or at any point in this country; but you must take
the price in the country from whence the article
was imported. You must ascertain that market
value from your tables of imports and your works
upon commerce and navigation I now present
the tabular statement to which I have referred:
Jlct o/1846. Gallons^ Value. Per gallon.
1856, lmseed oil 1,712,208 $1,063,771 62 cents.
J 857, "  1,465,865 958,200 05 "
Jlct of 1857,
1858, lmseed Oil  382,843 184,757 58 «
18511, "  1,210,697 695,173 57 "
Average value for four years, 60.5 per gallon.
[Here the hammer fell.] *
Mr. PHELPS. I trust I shall be allowed a
minute or two to conclude what I had to say.
[Cries of " Go on!"] I now call the attention of
the committee to the amount of linseed imported
into the United States, the number of bushels and
the value and the price per bushel from 1856:
Jlct of 1846. Bushels. Value. Per bushel.
1856, flaxseed or linseed, 1,696,294 $1,741,260 1.02cents.
1857, " 2,730,359 3,003,824 1.10 "
Jlct 0/1857.
1858, linseed  - 3,243,174 - s
1859, "   - 2,415,243 -
Since the enactment of the tariff of 1857, there
has been no duty collected upon linseed; there
has been no flaxseed imported, as such, with the
exception of two or three hundred bushels, as
shown by the tables of commerce and navigation;
and since the enactment of that act, scarcely any
duty has been received on linseed oil, for the
reason that linseed has been imported duty free;
t and such will be the effect under the bill as now
reported by the Committee of Ways and Means.
No linseed oil will be imported; but you will have
the same amount of flaxseed imported into the
country which you now have.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Mr. Chairman, I
oppose the amendment of the gentleman fromMis-
souri [Mr. Phelps] pro forma, but take occasion
to thank him for his argument. It seems to me
to be conclusive. I hope the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Stanton] will now bo satisfied that a twenty
per cent, duty ad valorem, will not be too much
to impose upon this article.
On yesterday I presented to the committee a
memorial upon this subject, and also a communi-
cation addressed by me some time since to the
Secretary of the Treasury, which will appear in
the Globe this morning, and to which 1 beg to
call the attention of gentlemen. I now desire to
repeat one or two facts embodied in that com-
munication.
During the last year of the operation of the
tariff of 1846, the revenue derived from the article
of linseed something exceeded §600,000. At the
same rate of duty in 1857, the amount of revenue
from the article would have been about $648,000.
During the last year, the duties, at the rate of
twenty per cent, upon the amount of flaxseed im-
ported, would have equaled ^483,000, and at fifteen
per cent., some §362,000.
I present this view of the matter for theconsid-
eration of my friends, who like myself are op-
posed to the protective principle, but who look to
the bill simply as a revenue measure—a tax bill.
Looking to it in this light, the argument in favor
of the amendment is certainly conclusive. And
as to the equity of the case, it seems to me that a
mere statement of the facts is sufficient to estab-
lish it.
In respect to the particular form of my amend-
ment, I call attention to the fact that other articles
in the bill are set down with an ad valorem duty
affixed to them. There is no incongruity, there-
fore, in making the duty upon this article ad va-
lorem also.
Again: there is no reason why so great a dif-
ference should be made as is made in this bill,
between the duty upon linseed and upon linseed oil.
To equalize them would require a duty of nearly
thirty per cent, upon the seed. Moreover, the
manufacturers of the West have as much interest
in the increased duty upon the seed as the pro-
ducers have, and for reasons which I have not
time now to set forth, but which gentlemen who
are familiar with the business well understand. I
will add one other fact: the manufacturers of the
West are obliged now to advance money, without
interest upon it, in order to induce the farmers to
cultivate flax, and thus produce the seed where-
with to operate their mills. This fact is most
significant and needs no comment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS, by unanimous consent^with-
drew his amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. Vallandigham's
amendment.
Mr. PHELPS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Robinson
of Illinois, and Phelps were appointed.
The amendment was agreed to; the tellers hav-
ing reported—ayes 71, noes 51.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to strike out these
words:
" On salt, four cents per bushel of fifty-six pounds."
Mr. Chairman, I desire to place that article of
salt in the free list; but at present I cannot sub-
mit any other motion to stril& out so much of the
section as relates to duty on salt. I see no reason
why you shall tax the people of the United States
for the purpose of giving a bounty to the few salt
boilers that there may be in our midst. The
proposition of the bill is to tax the poor men as
well as the rich men for the benefit of a few per-
sons who are engaged in the manufacture of salt.
The rate of duty proposed to be imposed would
class salt amongst the luxuries of the country, in-
stead of, as it is, amongst the necessaries. I do
not believe that it is a proposition which can meet
with the approval of the House or of the country.
I desire to invite the attention of the committee
to the importations of salt which were made for
the last four years, as shown by your tables of
commerce and navigation:
Imports of Salt.
Bushels, Value.
1856 15,405,861 $1,991,065
1857. 17.165,704 2,03-2,583
185 8 10,091,635 1,131,920
185 9 12,476,139 3,295,534
Average value pei bushel, 11.2 cents.
The duty imposed upon salt at this time is but
fifteen per cent, ad valorem, and the proposed rate
of duty in this bill is four cents per bushel. You
propose, upon the dutiable value of salt, as indi-
cated by the reports to which I have referred, to
impose a duty of fifty-four per cent, ad valorem.
If it be upon the value of the importations for last
year, the average rate of duty is not quite so large.
This being an article of prime necessity, consumed
by everybody, ought to be placed in the same list
with the articles of tea and coffee, upon wluch no
gentleman proposes to impose duty, except when |
there may be some extraordinary exigency de-
manding that they shall be subjected to duty.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS.. Unless I am allowed to move
to strike out the words I have indicated, together
with other words, I must demand tellers on the
pending amendment. There are different rates of
duty proposed to be imposed upon the article of
salt. My amendment is to strike out all that re-
lates to duty on salt.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. PHELPS. I now move to amend by
striking out the following:
'• On four cents per bu-hol of fifty-six pounds' Pr0~
tided, That salt imported in bag<, or not in bulk, stall pay
a duty of six cents per bushel of titty-six pounds.
Mr. Chairman, I now embrace the whole ques-
tion, for I wish to have the article of salt placed
upon the free list. The average rate of duty pro-
posed by this bill on salt, if it be imported m bulk,
is from thirty-five to thirty-eight per cent. If salt
be imported in bags, the rate of duty proposed by
this bill, if reduced to an ad valorem duty on the
average price per bushel for the last four years, is
over fifty-four per cent., and on the average value
of salt for the last year, fifty-eight per cent, and
upwards. If, therefore, we retain these .provis-
ions in the bill, the duty on salt imported in bulk,
if reduced to an ad valorem scale, will amount to
from thirty-five to thirty-eight per cent., and on
salt imported in bags to from fifty-four to Mty-
eight per cent. The highest rate of duty-that1
have known to be imposed upon salt within the
Value per
bushel.
12.2 cents.
11.3 "
11.1 "
10.3 «
past ten or fifteen years, no matter in what form
imported, was twenty per cent, ad valorem. That
was the rate under the tariff act of 1846; and that
rate w.as reduced, under the tariff of 1857, to fif-
teen per cent, ad valorem. Under the latter rate,
the amount of salt imported into the United States
was diminished, instead of being increased. The
duty now proposed would amount to almost a pro-
hibition , unless salt were brought here as an article
of ballast. That is the way in which a great deal
of salt is now brought to this country.
I insist that we should impose no duty upon
salt, but that it should be placed on tliefreelist, and
allowed to come here free of duty. The amount
of duty we derive from salt is inconsiderable. If
the duty be increased and the importation dimin-
ished in amount, the revenue from that source
will be still more inconsiderable. We cannot ex-
pect that there will be much revenue derived from
the duty on this article as is proposed by the bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to say a word or two
in reply to the gentleman from Missouri, in rela-
tion to the cost of salt. According to the impor-
tations, as he has represented it, it is but ten or
twelve cents a bushel. The freight of salt from
Liverpool to this country is, as he says, very
low, m consequence of its being brought almost
always in bulk, and for the purpose of ballast.
Of course the freight adds little to the cost; yet,
sir, no man ever saw salt sell for fifteen or six-
teen cents, which would allow a fair profit over
and above the cost, if he lias stated it right, with
the addition of freight. It is nearly double that,
however; sometimes it is more than double. That
arises from the fact that it is undervalued. It is
put in bulk, and the value of it is falsely repre-
sented at the custom-house.
Now, sir, in relation to the specific rate fixed
by the bill. It is a lower rate than has ever be-
fore been proposed as a specific duty. It is a very
moderate one, in proportion to the actual value of
the article. One word in relation to salt in bags.
There is not a bushel of salt imported into this
country in bags that is not worth double that
which is imported in bulk. An additional duty
of two cents more on salt in bags than is imposed
upon salt in bulk is not equal to the difference of
value, 01- equal oven to the cost of the bag in which
it is imported.
Mr. Chairman, I ardently desire that salt, one
of the prime necessities of life, shall be produced
in this country. There is no reason why it should
not be produced here. The single State of Flor-
ida, with all of its advantages of shore and cli-
mate, is amply able to furnish it as low in price
as it can be furnished from any island or country
in the world. Years ago, when the subjoct was
before Congress, Virginia was the most importu-
nate petitioner for specific duties. The duty then
asked for was greater than that proposed by thi3
bill. In proportion to the value of salt, the rates
of the bill are exceedingly low.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to inquire whether
any persons petitioned for an increase of the rate
of duty upon salt. I am aware that they have
some salt wells in the western part of Virginia,
where a large amount of salt is manufactured.
But so far as I can learn, those engaged in the
manufacture of salt in the United States at this
time, are perfectly content with the present rate
of duty.
Mr. SEDGWICK. That is a very great mis-
tl The question was taken on Mr. Phelps's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire to offer the following
amendment:
In line twenty-one. tenth section, insert: "on nee, one
hundred cents per hundred pounds; and paddy,fifty cents
per hundred pounds."
There are, Mr. Chairman, in the State of Call-
fornia, some forty thousand Chinamen. The nco
which they consume is chiefly imported pm
Siam, China, and India; and of this rice they con-
sume several million pounds annually. This rice
is purchased by the product of their labor in tho
extraction of gold from the mines of California.
They are scattered through the whole mineral re-
o-ion of that State, and they come in competition
with the white laborers within its limits. PheX
are entirely separate and distinct from the rest ot
the foreign population. Their habits and cus-
toms prevent them from becoming citizens ot tne
country. Now, I believe that if the amendment
