1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2957
" hundred," to insert the words Si and fifty;" so
that it will read:
With food, shelter, and clothing for a term not exceed-
ing one year from the date of the landing in Africa the cup*-
tuscd Airuaitt recently landed in the southern district of
Florid;!, and that the sum of $<!50.000 bo approbated for
that puipose.
Mr. TOOMBS. That should be stricken out.
They do not need that when the other increase
has not been made. It is necessary to non-concur.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir. The Senator mis-
understands it. The first amendment, which has
been rejected, increased the amount fifty dollars
per capita. This other amendment ausos out of
the capture of another slaver since the bill passed
the Senate.
The amendment was concurred in.
SUSPENSION OF JOINT RULES.
Mr. HUNTER. I desire to offer a resolution
which becomes necessary in order to interchange
bills between the two Houses. After to-day we
cannot exchange bills without the adoption of this
resolution:
Resolved. (the House of Representatives concurring)
That the 16th and 17th joint luies bo impended for the
remainder of the session.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I see no object in doing1
that, if we are going to extend the time. 1 under-
stand the Senator from Massachusetts has called
up his pi oposition for an extension of the session.
Mr. HUNTER. It will 'do no harm if we
adopt it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Whatis the use of having
such rules when we suspend them every session ?
I never could sec why we "had rules of that char-
acter, and then, for every session that I have been
here, we come in and suspend them the moment
they begin to have operation. I have never known
it otherwise. I think we might as well abolish
them permanently, or else give some validity to
them.
The resolution was agreed to.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. FITCH. A motion has been made by the
Senator from Massachusetts to take up the reso-
lution in regard to the adjournment, with which I
am not disposed to interfere, but I had pieviously
intended to ask the Senate to take up the House
joint resolution No. 22, in relation to the public
printing. There was an informal understanding,
however, that I might be permitted to call it up
to-morrow morning, and I hope it will be carried
out.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. WILSON. I renew my motion to take up
the resolution I have indicated, in regard to the
adjournment of Congress.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolvedj(the Ilou^eof Repi esentativcs concumng,) That
the resolution directing the President or the Senate and the
Speaker of the Hou.se of I'epie&entatives todeehue their
respective Houses adjourned sine die on Monday, the 18th
inhUint, at twelve o'clock, meridian, be, and the s-ame is
hereby, irs-cinded ; and that the Pies-idem of the Senate and
the Speakei of the House of Rcprpvpntahves declare their
re^p.'ctive Houses adjourned sine die on Monday, the 23th
instant, at twelve o'clock, mendian.
.Mr. WILSON. But three working days are
now left us, unless we change .the day of adjourn-
ment. It must be apparent, I think, to every
Senator, that it is utterly impossible to close up
the necessary business within those three days.
We have before us, sir, now pending, the execu-
tive, legislative, and judicial bill. We have the
naval, the fortification,and thePostOffice appro-
priation bills all yet to consider. We have the
question concerning the tariff to come up next
after this bill. We have the question of the ad-
mission of Kansas. We have the question with
regard to the overland mail to California—all im-
portantquestions; andl think we cannot consider
them within the brief space of three days. I pro-
pose, therefore, that we shall change the day. I
will occupy no further time on the subject.
Mr. HUNTER. I agree with the Senator that
we shall require some extension; but this propo-
sition is either too little or too much. If we take
up the tariff, it is not enough; if we do not, I think
we can get through by Thursday next. I would
prefer to modify it in that way. If the question
of the tariff comes up, and the Senate determine
to consider it, then we shall have to amend it still
further. I therefore move to amend it by striking
out the 25th, and inserting the 21st—making it
next Thursday. ~
Mr. PUGH. As the Senator suggests that if
we take up the tariff we shall wantmore time, I
think we had better postpone this resolution until
wc decide that question. I move, therefore, to
lay it on the table.
Mr. WIGFALL. Is that a debatable ques-
tion ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not.
Mr. PUGH. If you renew the motion, I will
withdraw it.
Mr. HUNTER. If my friend from Ohio will
allow me, I suggested Thursday because it will
take until that time to transact Unnecessary busi-
ness, even if we do not take up the tariff; and if
we do, wc shall require still farther time.
Mr. PUGH. I understood the Senator to say
that he intended to take the sense of the Senate
on the question of postponing the tariff. He
knows the tariff will be debated then, whether or
not.
Mr. HUNTER. Yes.
Mr. PUGH. Just as surely as he makes that
motion we shall have the whole debate, and we
might as well have the time.
Mr. GWIN. Let us pass the resolution, then.
Mr. IVERSON. 1 desire to know if there iy
any motion pending?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a motion
pending to lay the resolution on the tabic; and it
is not debatable.
Mr. WIGFALL. I ask the Senator to sus-
pend the motion for a moment?
Mr. PUGH. Certainly.
Mr. WIGFALL. I do not intend to make a
speech. I trust the Senator will not make that
motion; or, if he does not withdraw it, I hope the
Senate will not concur in it. It must be obvious
to every one that we cannot possibly get through
the business we have before us, leaving out the
tariff, by next Monday. It is utterly impossible
to do it. 1, for one, feel myself somewhat inter-
ested m this matter personally, because, indis-
creetly, and without consideration, I voted for
the House resolution when it was up here before.
I regret it. We are paid a salary to discharge the
public duties. Now, I vm not going to criminate
or recriminate, but I take my full sh.ue of the re-
sponsibility. We have diily-dallied and wasted
time until the very end of the session, and we
are now attempting to crowd the work of six
months into one week. It is not right. We are not
doing justice to ourselves Wears not doing jus-
tice to the countiy.
Mr. BRIGHT. I desire to make a suggestion
to the Senator from Texas. He is doing the Sen-
ate injustice in saying that we have dilly-dallied
during the present session. Dining the present
session we have sat more hours daily, I think,
than at any other pievious session for years past;
and there has been moi e real hard work done
during the present session than any session of the
same length of time within my recollection.
Mr. WIGFALL. Then I will say to the Sen-
ator from Indiana that I used the term dilly-dal-
lying in a Pickwickian sense, or will take it back,
if that is more satisfactory. Be that as it may,
the House was not organized for some two or
three months; and since that time wc have been
discussing questions—I mean not bills—not of
practical utility, and we are now just upon the
evo of considering appropriation bills and tax
bills. Others may be more familiar with these
matters; but for myself, I am not prepared to vote
upon e\cry question here without discussion,and
it must be obvious to every Senator that there is
an impatience to hear even explanations. We are
called upon, not under the previous question lule,
but we are called upon and appealed to to take
votes without hearing the facts. I am not pre-
pared to vote upon many questions without ex-
planations.
Mr. HARLAN rose._
Mr. WIGFALL. Now, do not interrupt me.
I will be through in a minute.
Under these circumstances, it seems tome that
it would be better not to lay this resolution on
the table. I am disposed to adopt itfor the 28th.
If we get through business in the mean time, we
can certainly adjourn; if we do not, no harm is
dcme.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour of twelve
0 'clock having arrived, the Chair calls up the spe-
cial order, being the bill (H. R. No. 339) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive, ana
judicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1861.
Mr. WIGFALL. I have said all that I desire
to say.
Mr. BIGLEK. I hope that, by common con-
sent, we shall proceed ^with the consideration of
this question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be unani-
mous consent, that course will be pursued.
Mr. YULEE. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection bemg
made, the Chair announces the special order as
the business before the Senate.
Mr. BIGLER. I move to postpone it for ten
minutes, for the purpose of having a vote on this
resolution.
Mr. YULEE. I think we might as well pro-
gress with the practical business of to-day, and
by to-morrow morning we will have better made
up our minds as to the proper course upon this
resolution.
Mr. HUNTER. I think we had better go on
with the appropriation bill, and take this up to-
morrow, and then we will know bGtter where we
stand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
insist on his motion?
Mr. BTGLER. If the Senator from Virginia
will help to get it up then, I would have no objec-
tion. 1 know that he can do it when no other
Senator could. I withdraw the motion.
ANSON DART.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to enter a privileged
motion. I move to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was passed granting certain pay to Anson
Dart.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in-
formed by the Secretary that the bill has been
sent to the House of Representatives.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that an order be en-
tered asking for its return.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa moves that the House be requested to return
the bill for the relief of Anson Dart. H was a
House bill, which has been enrolled and signed by
the Speaker, and came here for the signature of the
Presiding Officer of the Senate, and is here now.
Mr. HARLAN. Is not the motion to recon-
sider in ordert
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itisnotnow. The'
bill has passed out of the possession of the Senate.
Mr. YULEE. The bill may be recalled.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill has been
sent to the House of Representatives, and enrolled
and signed by the Speaker.
Mr. BRIGHT. The only way, I apprehend,
in which to leach the difficulty presented by the
Senator from Iowa, is by a joint resolution ex-
planatory of that bill. We cannot recall it again.
Mr. WILSON. Is this matter disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. WILSON. Then I desire to move to post-
pone the consideration of the special order 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Massachusetts will pause a moment. The Chair
is obliged to arrest the public business; he cannot
hear the Senator on the floor. Motions cannot
be heard.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope every Senator will be re-
quired to take his seat.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair accepts
with plca&ure the suggestion of the Senatorfrom
Mississippi. Half the Senate is upon its feet.
Will Senators be good enough to resume their
seats?
Mr. YULEE. I rise to a question of order. I
rise for the purpose of inquiring by what means—
1 think there must be some means—the privilege
which the rules of the body allftw to each mem-
ber to move a reconsideration within two days
may be reached. It appears to me that the bill
for the relief of Anson Dart being now m the pos-
session of the Senate, it is in the power of the
Senate to control it, and that the signature of the
bill by the President is under its control, it being
one step in the legislation of the two Houses, or
in the perfection of its legislation, and may be, by
the action of this body, arrested. I rise to make
that suggestion to the Chair.
