2958'
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
The. YICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Florida make any proposition?
Mr. YULEE. I am not disposed-to make a
proposition, but prefer to leave it to the particular
friends of the measure. I suggest whether that
may not be one mode of reaching the object, to
arrest tin* signature of the bill by the President, if
it is in the power of the body.
Mr. BRIGHT. I suggest to the honorable Sen-
ator from fowa that he wilt reach the difficulty
presented by an act explanatory of this act. This
I# an act already. It has passed both Houses.
It has been signed by the Presiding- Officer of one
House, and is here for the signature of the other.
" The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no ques-
tion before the Senate in connection with the bill,
and the Senator from Massachusetts is entitled to
the floor.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. WILSON. I rise for the purpose of mov-
ing the postponement of the special order, for the
purpose of settling this question of the adjourn-
ment. It seems to me that if we are to change the
day, it is as well to know it. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the resolution.
Mr. 1VERSON. I aslt whether the resolution
is divisible; whether the question can be taken
first on rescinding the other resolution, and after-
wards on fixing the day?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is divisible. ^
Mr. IVERSON. Then I ask that the question
be divided.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A division of the
resolution being called for, the question will be
on the first brand} of the resolution:
Jlcsoircd, (the House of Represent.stives concurring.)
That the i evolution diiecttng the President of the Semite
and the Spealyt of the Hou e of IUpiv&ontauvos to declare
their respective Ilou>cs adjoin ned iiiic die on Monday the
18th ins-turn, at twelve o'clock, m., bo, and the &amc is
hereby, rescinded.
Mr HUNTER. I suggest to the Senator from
Georgia that by dividing we cannot take the sense
of the Senate. I would not be willing to rescind
the resolution altogether; but yet I would be will-
ing to rescind, if we would put oil* the adjourn-
ment to a day not too distant. It seems to me
we had better take a vote on the proposition as a
whole.
Mr. IVERSON. There seems to be a great
contrariety of opinion as to what day shall be
fixed, even if the resolution for adjournment is
rescinded; and that is a question which I think
ought to be settled by itself. Let us first decide
whether we shall icstind the resolution for ad-
journment; because there may be a majority of
the Senate not disposed to rescind it at all, and
that will settle the. question as to the day. At the
suggestion of Senators around me, however, I
withdraw the call for a division.
Mr. BRIGHT. The original resolution was
called up on my motion; and it passed. Before I
vote to rescind that resolution, 1 desire to inquire
of the Senator from Virginia, who is at the head
of the Finance Committee, wheiher, in his judg-
ment, the public inteiest requires the rescinding
of this resolution ?
Mr. HUNTER. I do not think that we can
get through the business we have got to transact
by Monday.
Mr. BRIGHT. I suggest, then, that if we
agree to rescind the resolution we ought not to fix
the tm*e. We should leave that question open.
If we have to stay one, two, or three days, we
may have to stay one, two, or three weeks. I
think if we rescind the resolution, the better plan
is not to fix the da/until we can see when we are
ready for adjournment.
Mr. MALLORY. If the Senator from Vir-
ginia can give us an idea, by what day we can
get through the business, which he has the most
particular charge of, I would certainly agree upon
it. I am unwilling to vote for rescinding the res-
olution at all, unless we shall fix upon the day in
advance.
Mr. PITCH. I see one very strong objection
to the suggestion of my colleague. If we rescind
the resolution without fixing the day, we are at
the merry of the other end of the Capitol, and
they may possibly—without, of course, design-
ing to inpute any motive, because that would be
unparliamentary—by a desire to spin out a pro-
tracted discussion on the tariff, keep us here for
months uselessly. I think, for that reason, we
had better fix the day by the same vote that we
rescind the original resolution.
Mr. BIGLER. I think th& resolution in its
original form is, perhaps, the Best we can do: to
rescind the previous resolution, and to postpone
the adjournment until the 28th or 30th. I prefer
that very much to the day indicated by the Sen-
ator from Virginia. I should be glad to know of
the Senator from Virginia, whether he made a
motion oronlyasuggestionabout ashorterperiod.
Did the Senator from Virginia move to amend the
resolution ?
Mr. HUNTER. I do not recollect whether I
made the motion or not; but I suggested that I
thought we could get through by Thursday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
now move to amend the resolution?
Mr. HUNTER. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the question
is on the resolution offered by the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 suppose we have in the Sen-
ate to consider first whether we are to pay atten-
tion to any other subject than the appropriation
bills. If we arc to confine our attention to the
appropriation bills, then, I say, the Committee on
Finance may very properly indicate to us a day
on which we can adjourn; and with that view, I
should be ready to accept their suggestion. If
we are to proceed to legislation, such as has been
suggested, on the revenue system of the country,
then I should think it quite improper to fix a day
which would leave us embarrassed by teiminatmg
the discussion just at the moment wo were likely
to reach something useful.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We may as well have
this question distinctly understood all around as
to what the real question is and what the real dif-
ficulty will be. It is now perfectly manifest that
we cannot get through with the ordinary business
by Monday. It is therefore necessary to extend
the time somewhat. A portion, undoubtedly, of
.the Senators would like lo extend it sufficiently
far to take up and consider the question of the
tariff in aLl its extent, and act upon it. If we do
that, it is perfectly manifest that we have not
only got to extend the session days, but weeks;
anu the Senators who are in favor of that, of
whom I am one, would be undoubtedly for con-
tinuing the session for a very considerable period.
Other Senators, who do not wish to take up that
question, but confine ourselves to business that
we must do, will Le for a shorter period—Thurs-
day, if that is all that is net essary, and I suppose
it is. I agiee with the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Finance upon that subject. Wo can £et
through with the ordinary business by Thursday.
With the extraordinary business we cannot get
through even by Monday week, in my judgment,
and we may as well understand it; because I, for
one, rTill not agree to take up that question of the
tariff without going into it thoroughly. I take
no bill on that subject except on my own exam-
ination. It will require a great deal of examina-
tion and revision; which I am prepared to give it,
so far as I am able.
Now, then, there is no difficulty in settling that
question, according to the intention of the Senate
on this proposition,at all. The Senatorfrom Mas-
sachusetts moves to rescind the resolution in re-
gard to the adjournment, and to fix a day. The
Senator from Virginia suggests that an extension
until Thursday will be long enough, in his judg-
ment. He is opposed to takingupother business,
further than that necessary to be done. Now,
sir, it can be settled which way the majority of
the Senate is on the motion to fix Thursday next.
If the majouty should determine to take up other
! business, by not agreeing to that amendment,
I they can make an amendment to continue it even
. beyond Thursday week, which isthe28th. There-
! fore, there is no difficulty in acting upon it. We
, can act upon the proposition to amend this reso-
j lution, made by the Senator from Virginia, and
i if that carries, we have simplified the question
I thus fur, so far as this body is concerned. There
I is no difficulty in meeting the whole question
, precisely on this resolution, and ascertaining what
: is the sense of the Senate on that question.
; Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I have taken
i no part in this discussion, because I knew, from
| all that was done yesterday, that it is impractica-
| ble to carry a tariff. That is to be determined
by the other side of the House. If gentlemen over
there are disposed to change the revenue laws at
all, they ean do it. Without their aid, we can do
nothing at all. If we do nothing but the ordinary
business, and work as we usually do at the close
of the session, I have no doubt that we can ad-
journ next Monday.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no.
Mr. CAMERON. I think we can. I will say
in addition, that I lim willing to sit any length of
time. I will sit here until'December next, if gen-
tlemen on the other side will go to work and
deliberate on this question of the revenue, with
the purpose of passing a bill. I do not care how
long we sit here if they will do that. The longer
they remain, the more I sluill do for my constit-
uents. I do not believe, however, that any good
is going to come out of this question for us. As
I said before, the whole matter is in the hands of
the majority, and they are not disposed, and I fear
do not intend, to give us any bill at all; but I
shall vote for the longest day to sit here.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not agree with the
gentleman who has just taken his seat, if I un-
derstood him aright, in the importance of acting
upon the tariff question this session. I am against
it; but if we are to rescind this resolution, I would
rather the adjournment should be postponed to a
laterday than Thursday,for this reason: we know
thatatthe beginningof next week, for some days,
there will bo a political convention near here in
session. A similar convention drew away a num-
ber of our members'some weeks ago. This be-
ing nearer, will probably make the Senate thin;
and every Senator knows that the last two or three
days of every session embrace more important
votesthanany others. Now, ifwc can get through
by Monday, I shall be glad of it; but if not, I
would rather not attempt to adjourn on Thurs-
day, for I take it some of those gentlemen will be
absent who were absentbefore, and we shall have
the most important questions decided with a very
thin Senate. Therefore, I would rather have it
a week later—say Wednesday or Thursday of
next week. We may get every thing up by the
middle of next week with a full Senate; but for
four or five days it will not be full. This will gov-
ern my vote I may vote for a resolution for a
longer day than Thursday, if it is rescinded; but
I would not vote to rescind it forThuisday only.
Mr. HALE. We have adjourned once, as the
Senator from North Carolina has said, for the ben-
efit of a Democratic convention that was holden
at Charleston, and it resulted in a perfect botch;
nothing was done. [Laughter.] I am not for
giving them another adjournment, unless I have
some reliable security that they will be more effi-
cient and produce something. [Laughter.] We
had our convention and did not ask any adjourn-
ment; did not take any. So I think, on the mat-
ter of ad journment, theie is nothing to be said.
1 do want to say a single word in reference to
another matter which has been alluded to, and
that is the discission of this tariff question. If
there was any prospect of any practical result
growing out of that, 1 would do as the Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron] says he
would, sit hero just exactly as long as was ne-
cessary, until next December if necessary, to per-
fect a bill. But,sir, I am going to take this thing
just exactly as it is, and neither intend to be gam-
moned myself, nor to be made an instrument m
gammoning anybody else. I look upon it as a
settled question, that we cannot pass that tariff
bill, and that all that can be done will be long
speeches made upon one side or the other, and
the result will be, when we come to a vote, that
we shall be just exactly where we are now—we
shall get no tariff. Now, sir, I say the best, the
most judicious, the most patriotic course, will be
for those gentlemen that want to ventilate them-
selves on the tariff to go home and do it before
their constituents, where they will have, pioba-
bly, some chance of producing some practical
results; but I think he is a vain man, if there is
such a one in this Senate, who will get up and
make a speech with the idea of producing any
impression upon the impervious ranks of that De-
mocracy that controls the destinies of this Senate.
I look upon the result as fixed. I look upon
it that we cannot possibly control or command
more than twenty-seven votes in favor of the bill
which a majority of this side wants to pass. It
is some time since I paid much attention to fig-
