1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
from New York an opportunity of being heard;
but I do trust that we shall pass the bill this even-
ing, and go'mto the Committee of the "Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I will renew the
demand for the previous question, if it is desired.
Mr. FLORENCE. I trust not. I trust I shall
have an opportunity to discuss the provisions of
the bill, i should like to say a word or two.
Mr. BRANCH. Do I understand that my
amendment has been received ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's amend-
ment is in.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Mr. Speaker, I
deem that the bill and all the amendments offered
to it are offensive to reason and open to constitu-
tional objection. It is not every evil that exists
that can be perfectly corrected. The corrective, if
it exists, is not always readily to be had. As many
evils are created by attempts at reform as exist
before the efforts to create It; and it is well known
that in the track of reforms—nominally such—
follow more evils, more oppressions, than those
which they are instituted to remove. If, sir, in
this instance, circumstances arise which render
an evil the mode prescribed by the Constitution
for the President to communicate to Congress,
unless that evil can be readily and constitution-
ally corrected, a greater one will be inflicted by
an attempt to remedy it than by submitting to the
original. It is necessary that offenses come. It
is often equally necessary that we submit to them;
and where they are irremediable, it is the part of
wisdom to submit with patience.
Now, here, in the first section of this bill, it is
made the duty of the President to cause his annual
message and the accompanying documents, as far
as practicable,-Jo be printed, and copies of the
same to be delivered to the Secretary of the Sen-
ate and the Clerk of the House of Representatives
in time for distribution at the commencement of
each session. It is made the constitutional duty
of the President to communicate the message here
contemplated to "the Congress." Now, sir, Con-
gress may not be ready to receive that message at
the beginning of the session. The House was not
ready at the commencement of the present session
What, then, under the provisions of this bill,
would have been the duty of the President of the
United States ? Why, evidently, to communicate
the message to the Secretary of the Scftate and
to the Clerk of the House of Representatives.
Would that have been a communication to " the
Congress?" Certainly "not. It follows, then, that
the President would not, in such case, have been
performing his constitutional duty.-
I am answered that, in such a case, under this
bill, he would have been-performing his duty
under the law of the land, but how, sir, can we
place in conflict with the Constitution the law of
the land ? That is an objection which I should
like to hear answered by the gentleman from Ohio.
It is unanswerable, sir; and I take the position
here that, in terms, this language of the first sec-
tion of the bill is unconstitutional, and would be
declared, by our judiciary, void.
But I am answered by the gentlemen who pro-
pose these amendments, that this difficulty will
be obviated by adopting a different phraseology
for the bill; and that, instead of commanding the
President—making it his duty to communicate
thus—it may be placed at his option. What, sir !
shall we place it at the option of the President of
the United States to perform his constitutional
duty, or not? If the Constitution has declared
that it shall be his duty to communicate to u the
Congress," shall we give him theoption or choice
of communicating to a Clerk? Why, no, sir; it
is as clear as light that this is an unconstitutional
provision; and change your phraseology as you
may, declare your principle as you may, you can-
not overleap the barrier which the Constitution
has erected m its path; so that, when the Presi-
dent of the United States performs this high func-
tion of his office, he shall perform it to no body
less m dignity than himself, and that body either
the Semite or the House of Representatives of the
United States.
But gentlemen claim that because thus evils are
entailed; bccause of differences of opinion upon
the floor, because of an impossibility, at times,
to organize this House, so that gentlemen can con-
veniently and comfortably contemplate the mes-
sage and documents in time for the dispatch of
its business, therefore they will override the bar-
rier which the Constitution has erected; therefore
they will elevate to the dignity of the House of
Representatives and of the Senate one or more
of their subordinate officers! Why, sir, upon
what times have we fallen? Where shall we
look, in the course of events, for the remnants of
our Constitution, if this course of legislation's
to prevail? *
Sir, there is not a letter, there is not a colon,
there is not a dash of the pen in that instrument
that should be violated by any action of this House,
however premeditated, or under whatever delib-
eration proposed.
Am I told, then, sir, that, for the public con-
venience, the President of the United States shall
be at liberty to construct a message, that he shall
couch that message in writing, that he shall com-
mit that message to print, and from that print
that he shall be empowered to communicate to
certain officials here ?
I can well understand how, when an individual
author composes, his pen is held in strict confi-
dence with nis mind. In this mental engagement
he invokes no counsel of State, no Cabinet, no
assistants to his aid ; but when he invokes the
instrumentality of type, the inviolability of this
confidential relation is destroyed, and the message
goes to the printer; it goes not to the House, but
the printer is erected into the representative of
the people, and the House is subordinated to the
type-setter.
But I am told that it will be in order to print
the documents accompanying the message, and
that thus the difficulty will be avoided. Why, sir,
the circle of electric action necessary to the com-
pletion of the message is not perfect till the paper
lias arrived at this House. Till then it is not
entitled to the dignity of message. Should the
messenger from the White House stumble in his
course through the avenue to the House, and the
documents tumble with him, would it be the mes-
sage of the President of the United States? Thmk
you that would lie covered with the dirt and filth
of the street> [Laughter.] Why, no sir; it would
not be the message of the President until delivered;
and when delivered to the coordinate branch of
the Government—"the Congress," his peers—it
is then that the President's message goes forth to
the country. Goes forth, how? As an essay of a
professor, as the opinion of a public officer? No,
sir; it goes forth under the sanction of a truth told
by "a public functionary to a high representative
body, and it is clothed with the sanction and au-
thority not only of the President, but also of the
body to which it is addressed. You cannot dis-
robe the message thus delivered of its authority.
It then becomes a record of State: and as a record
of State alone is it that the people of the United
States contemplate and receive it. The message
of the President before delivery is of no more
authority than a newspaper article, subject, if you
please, to committees of investigation of fifteen
or of five—subject to charges of corruption or of
fraud; but who ever heard of a message of a Pres-
ident of the United States received by the House
that was investigated, save in Committee of the
Whole? Now my friend from North Carolina
seeks to exempt from the operation of this argu-
ment the documents accompanying the message.
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman has misun-
derstood the purport of my amendment, which
proposes to exempt from the operation of the bill
the message only, and allow it to apply to such
accompanying documents as the President shall
see proper to communicate. I stated expressly
that I did not think it would be proper for the
House to make it imperative on the President
to communicate his message, and therefore my
amendment was so drawn as to exclude the mes-
sage from the operation of the bill. '
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Certainly; so I
understood the honorable member; but my argu-
ment is directed to the point that my friend from
North Carolina can accomplish nothing by the
distinction, and which depends upon the consid-
eration that there is no constitutional line of sep-
aration between the message and the documents
that accompany it.
Mr. TAYLCjR. Will the gentleman from New
York allow me to say one word at this point?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Certainly.
Mr. TAYLOR. The gentleman from New
York has taken what seems to me a most ex-
traordinary position. He raises the matter now
before the House to the dignity of a constitutional
question. Does not the gentleman remember that
it has been the practice, during at least a quarter
of a century, for the President of the United States
to have his message printed before Congress meets, ,
and, not only that, but to have it placed- in,th<j
course of transmission to all theimportant points
in the United States? - That, sir, is the practice
on the part of the President; and what is the ob-
ject of the House aimed at at this time ? , It is not
to compel the President to discharge his duty; it
is not to impose upon him an obligation to do this
or that; it is simply to confer up>on the President
of the United States the authority to have a cer-
tain amount of printing done at a particular time,
for the convenience of those who act with him in
the transaction of the public business. We all
know that printing is to be done at some period,
and we know that the public suffers inconvenience
in consequence of the "delay to which it is now
subjected, for the President has not now the dis-
cretionary power to have it done at the public
expense, at a period which would suit the con-
venience of members. For my own part, I can-
not see how any constitutional ^question arises.
To my mind, it presents merely one of expedi-
ency. It proposes merely to confer an authority,
whrch it is within the discretion of the.President
to exercise or not, as his views of the public in-
terest may decide, in order that the printing,
which must be done at some time, may be done,
if he sees fit to direct it, at a time which will en-
able the Representatives of the people to. go into
the discharge of their duty from the very moment
in which they assemble in Congress.
Mr .JOHN COCHRANE. My friend from
Louisiana declares that he is unable to appreciate
the manner in which this rises to the dignity of a
constitutional question. 1 am sorry that my friend
from Louisiana is unable to appreciate his own
able argument; for I need rely upon nothing more
than the facts he has so clearly presented, to show
that it is indeed a constitutional argument which
I am addressing to the House, and which erects
its formidable front in opposition to the bill now
before us. Sir, the message of the President of
the United States is indeed printed. But it is
printed under the sanction of secrecy. It is dis-
tributed to certain points, but under an inviolable
promise that it shall not be disclosed; and it is only
when the electric sparkconveys the fact to all parts
of the Union that the message is being read to the
House of Representatives, or to the Senate, that
the word "delivered"authorizes it to be disclosed
to the public.
Mr. TAYLOR. Will the gentleman from New
York allow me a word ?
Mr. JOfJN COCHRANE. Pardon roe now.
I hope my friend from Louisiana will allow me
to proceed with my argument continuously, at
this point, iu answer to the views which he has
presented. Sir, there is a moral in his argument,
and that moral is simply to the effect, that under
the Constitution and laws of the land, the Presi-
dent of the United States does not deem that he
is authorized to disclose the contents of his noes-
sage, or that he is authorized to publish it as a
message, till delivered; and if it be here consid-
ered that the President has put a wrong construc-
tion upon his constitutional duty, I call upon my
friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Covode,] and
upon my friend and colleague from New York,
[Mr. Hoard,] to raise each an investigation upon
his,conduct, and let us impeach him for an uncon-
stitutional discharge of his duties. Sir, he is not
liable to this objection. He is liable to this praise,
and entitled to this applause, that he has done,
and that he continues to do, his duty strictly under
the Constitution and the laws of the land. I will
now listen to my friend from Louisiana.
Mr. TAYLOR. I merely wish to ask the gen-
tleman from New York a question. He has said
that the practice which has obtained with the
Presidents of the United States to have their mes-
sages printed was justifiable, because the Chief
Magistrate of the Union authorized those who
printed them to print them under an injunction
of secrecy.
Mr. JC)HN COCHRANE. One moment. Let
me set my friend right m his premises. I did not
say that it was justifiable. I was commenting* upon
the practice which he alleged in support of the
argument he advanced
