1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ity of the American people,.and therefore it re-
joices me to give utterance to it here.
The gentleman says that my language hero tends
to disunion. "What have I said here to-day that
associates me, or my party, with those who are
called Black Republicans of the North? The
whole purport of-the remarks I made, and I knew
the peril of the position I placed myself in, was
to denounce these, extreme sentiments of dis-
union, no matter who they come from, whether
from nullifiers of the South, or Abolitionists of
the North. [Applause.]
The gentleman talks of representation of south-
ern sentiment. If he is a nullifier; if he is a se-
cessionist, if he is a disunionist, I beg leave to
say that I do not believe he represent the true
sentiment of the South. Gfod forbid it! [Pro-
longed and loud applause in the galleries, and
upon the floor.] No, sir; I do not believe that
the great body of the people of the South, even
those of old Virginia, wedded as she is to the
straight-jacketresolutionsof '98, [laughter,] sym-
pathize with the sentiment of disunion that is so
continually iterated and reiterated from one end
of the land to the other. No, sir; I think better
of the South; at any rate, so far as my constitu-
ents are concerned, and so far as the gallant peo-
ple of my native State are concerned—the State
of Tennessee—I can stand proudly before my
country, and say that I believe there is not one of
them—not one—who sympathizes in this dis-
union sentiment. [Applause.]
Mr. LAMAR. Let me ask the gentleman a
question. I understand that he has pronounced
a highly-wrought eulogium upon Millard Fill-
more, as a wise statesman and a true patriot.
Now, did not Millard Fillmore, on one memo-
rable occasion, assure the people of the Noith
that the South would not submit to the election of
a sectional President, that th« North would not
submit to such an election, and that if they sup-
posed the people of the South had not the spirit
of the people of the North, they were much mis-
taken. Will the gentleman admit to these Black
Republicans who are applauding him so loudly,
that southern spirit is below the standard stated by
Millard Fillmore. [Applause in the galleries and
upon the floor.]
Mr. NELSON. Mr. Fillmore may or may not
have used (hat language.
Mr. LAMAR. He did use it.
Mr. NELSON. I do not say that he did not.
He may have done it. If he did, it was in refer-
ence to an extreme crisis which might take place
in this country. But, so far as I know the polit-
ical history of Mr, Fillmore, I do not believe that
he ever held the sentiment that the election even
of a Black Republican President, per se, would be
a cause for the dissolution of this Union. [Ap-
plause and hisses.]
Mr. PRYOR. I want to understand the gen-
tleman distinctly. What would he, a's a Repre-
sentative from the South, do in the event of the
election of a Black Republican President—Sew-
ard, for example ?
Mr. NELSON. I speak for myself, and I do
not undertake to speak for my colleagues, or for
the party to which I belong. I declare it as my
solemn conviction, much as I believe such an
election ought to be deprecated, much as I would
regret and deplore it, that yet, of itself, the elec-
tion of a Black Republican President would not
be cause for a dissolution of the Union, because
I think we ought to wait until we see whether
that Black Republican President would do any-
thing hostile to the rights of the South. [Loud
and prolonged applause.] I may just remark here
that, much as I regretted the election of Mr.
Banks, as Speaker of this House, a man whom
I never saw, and of whom I know nothing except
so far as the history of thatelection is concerned,
I did not see that the election of Mr. Banks
brought about a dissolution of the Union. I do
not want any gentleman, either from the North,
South, East, or West, to suppose that I desire
the election of either a Black Republican Presi-
dent or a Black Republican Speaker. I do not
desire it, and I am sure I have not cooperated with
anybody in the election of a black Republican
Speaker.
Mr. PRYOR. The question I propounded has
been answered only in a general sense. I repeat
the inquiry whether that gentleman, upon hia
own responsibility, and not as the representative
of anybody else, would be willing that William
H. Seward should take possession of the Army,
the Navy, and all the powers of the Government?
Mr. NELSON. Of coursc I would not. I
would deplore such a thing.
Mr. PRYOR. The gentleman will excuse me.
I mean all the constitutional powers of the Pres-
ident of the United States. Would he allow
William H. Seward to take possession of those
powers, or would he resist it even to the extent
of going out of the Union?
Mr. NELSON. In answer to that question,
let me sav that 1 do not believe from the manner
in which Mr. Seward has expressed himself, that
there is any danger that such a contingency will
ever happen. But even if he should be elected
President of the United States according to the
Constitution and the forms of law, the view I
eniertam—and I speak for no one but myself—is,
that that is of itself no cause for a dissolution of
the Union, unless he committed some overt act
leading to peril of the South. The moment he
did commit any such overt act, why, sir, I would
be willing, humble as I am, to link my shield to
the shield even of these secessionists, to repel the
wrong just as soon as I would repel wrong from
any quarter.
Mr. HILL. Will the gentleman from Tennes-
see allow me to ask him this question—suggested
by the remark of my personal friend, [Mr. La-
mar,] who referred to a union sentiment of Mr.
Fillmore's in one of his river speeches, soon after
his return from Europe? [Cries of " The Albany
speech."] Well, what I wish to inquire is, in the
exciting canvass of 1856, how many Democratic
orators did you hear give Mr. Fillmore credit for
the utterance of such patriotic sentiments?
Mr. NELSON. The Democrats not only gave
him credit for that, hut they gave him credit when
he was President, for executing the fugitive slave
law, and standing up nobly for the compromises
of 1850.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. Did they give him
credit for pardoning men who were in jail in this
city for stealing slaves i
Mr, NELSON. Well, I do not profess to be
so familiar with the arts and mysteries of the
modern Democrats as I suppose the gentleman is.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HILL. I presume that the gentleman
from Tennessee and myself occupy the same
position. I tried to elect Mr. Fillmore President
of the United States, and I would be glad to do.
the same for him to day, but I never found a Dem-
ocrat of the South willing to allow him to be as
patriotic a man as James Buchanan.
Mr. NELSON. I have made a discovery. 1
did not know that the gentleman was one of my
own fiiends, as he spoke from the same quarter
from which other questions were asked. I was
a little suspicious of the source from which they
came. [Laughter.] I have only to say, in re-
gard to the questions which have been propounded
as to Mr. Fillmore, that if he avowed national
sentiments, and was a national man, as he always
held he was, why did not the Democrats vote for
him ?
Mr. KEITT. We went for a better man.
Mr. NELSON. The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Pryor] represents mc as having said that
there was no danger of a dissolution of the Union
at present. Sir, I did not intend to make use of
any sueh language as that, and I think the gen-
tleman is certainly mistaken. I do think there is
great and imminent danger; I think the perils
which surround us now are more threatening than
they have been at any former period: and, as 1
remarked before, while I do not concur m the
sentiments expressed here on all hands from the
South; while I regard it as natural that there
should be excitement; the whole scope of my re-
marks, so far a& anything I could say "would go,
was to allay this feverish excitement and bring
about feelings of harmony and concord among
members of the House. I do not wish to be mis-
understood or misrepresented in regard to any-
thing I may have said. I spoke of this mfamous
book of Helper's in denunciatory terms, and I
will go as far as any man in the country m de-
nouncing the miscreant who would publish such
a document as he has published, and m denounc-
ing the wretches who attempted to invade the
State of Virginia, and were guilty of the outrages
and horrible conduct which have been described
in the newspapers and which have been
to here. I go as far, and I bclicvo the partyj ana-
associated with here do go as far, as any party in
the Union, m denouncing that thing. *
But is that thing itself a cause for a dissolution
of the Union? Why, sir,, there.are mors thiijgs
in regard to it which ought to be known. I saw
it stated in the newspapers—although many of;
the South who arc disposed to disunion do not
quote from northern papers—tilings that have been,
spoken there in. regard to this matter in the city-
of New York and elsewhere—that only five pul-
pits out of five hundred uttered sentiments in favor
of that execrable man who was executed the other;
day in Virginia; and although J think the aspect
of things is threatening, and I very much deplore
it, this shows to my mind, what I believe to be
true, that although it suits the aims of politicians
to advocate a dissolution of the Union, the great
body of the American people everywhere are
sound upon that question. [Applause, in the
galleries and from the Republican benches.] The
gentleman from Virginia has said that 1 have
planted myself in the ranks of the Black Repub-
licans. X clcny it. I have not voted for a Repub^
lican for Speaker, nor has any man from the
party to which I belong done so. Not one. ^We
have not seen fit to vote for the Democratic can-
didate. I suppose that in this great country of
ours we are freemen, and have the right to repre-
sent what we believe to be the sentiments of our
constituents, and I, for one, will cooperate in the
election of any man as Speaker of this body
whom I believe to be a national man, and whom
I believe will faithfully discharge the duties of
the office. That is the view I entertain in regard
to that matter, and I deny the soft impeachment
of Republicanism, which has been maae upon the
other side.
There is a wide difference between the conserv-
ative sentiments to which 1 have given utterance
here to-day, and the infuriated statements ex-
pressed by some gentlemen who claim to be
leaders of the whole South; and I trust that be-
fore the debate is closed men from the North will
be found patriotic enough to get up here and say
that they disavow the wild schemes of Wendell
Phillips and Garrison and that class of men—
that they disavow, repudiate, and scorn them,
just as much as I scorn and repudiate the disunion
doctrines of the secessionists of the South. I
trust there is patriotism enough in the House
and in the country to bring forward such an ex-
pression of sentiment.
The gentleman says that the Republicans
chcered mc for the remarks I made here. All 1
have to say to that is, that so far as I am con-
cerned, whether the applause comes from the Re-
publicans of the North, or from the South Ameri-
cans, as we are called, or from the conservative
men anywhere, I thank God there is still an ex-
pression of sentiment here in behalf of this great
and glorious Union. [Applause from the gal-
leries and the Republican benches.] I trust that
that feeling of love to the American Union will
expand and enlarge among the members of this
assembly till th<-re will be a healthful spirit of
action among us, and till wo can, in a peaceful,
quiei, constitutional, legal manner, effect the or-
ganization of this House, and give peace and
repose to this distracted land. I trust that that
sort of feeling will prevail; and whether applause
in behalf of the Union comes from the North or
from the South, I welcome it as a happy and
glorious omen in these perilous times. [Renewed
applause.]
The gentleman spoke of my having been a mem-
ber of the American party. Well, Mr. Clerk, in
regard to the growth of that sentiment at the
North, I have nothing to say; but if, after the
organization ©f the House, that gentleman de-
sires to break a lance with me on the question of
Americanism, I trust I shall be able to defend any
position that I occupy. If I understand any
question, I think I understand that question of
Americanism. One of the greatest sins committed
by tho Democratic party was its unlimited on-
couiagement to the immigration of foreigners,
many of whom were told, before they left Ireland,
in what part of the American Union to stop, and
they had marked down for them the northern
States, where slavery did not exist. But let that
pass,
Mr. LAMAR.
I wotdd ask the gentleman
