2960
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14.
to, the Chickasaws a portion of their land to the
river. The Chickasaws paid §530,000 to the Choc-
taws for a portion of that land. Thirty thousand
dollars of that was paid at the time the annuities
were paid. The $30,000 was held out of the
Chickasaw fund by the United States for the
Choctaws; so that the payment was made out of
the Chickasaw reserved fund. It was a Chick-
asaw payment with the Choctaws for land ceded
to the Chickasaws by the Choctaws.
There afterwards arose a division between the
Chickasaws and the Choctaws in regard to their
boundary. In 1855 the United States on the one
part, tho Chickasaw nation on the other, and the
Choctaw nation on the other, made a tripartite
treaty, by which a new division was had of the
lands between the Chickasaws and the Choctaws.
The Choctaws ceded to the United States their
land west of the hundredth meridian, and also
leased to the United States a strip of land between
the ninety-eighth and one hundredth meridians,
for the purpose of another Indian tribe. The
Chickasaws agreed to pay to the Choctaws an
additional sum of $150,000; and the United States
agreed to pay to the Choctaws, for the strip of
land which they had ceded, and the lease of the
land between the ninety -eighth and one hundredth
parallels,$600,000. Onehundred thousand dollars
was to be paid then, and $500,000 of that money
was to be preserved m trust for them; so that the
Government of the United States had in trust for
the Choctaws §500,000, which was paid by the
Chickasaws under the treaty of 1837. They had
in trust $500,000 moie paid to them, or agreed to
bo paid to them by the United States under the
treaty of 1855, making- jjl ,000,000 which the Uni-
ted States held in trust for the Choctaw nation at
this time.
Now, under the treaty of 1830, the Choctaws
had contended that they ought to have the benefit
of the sale of the lands on the eastern side of the
Mississippi, on account of the reservations that
had been made to them which they had not occu-
pied. That treaty provided that there should be
a reservation for the Indians out of those lands.
The Indians did not choose to occupy a reseiva-
tion,and asked the United States to pay them the
net proceeds. By the treaty of 1855, the United
States agreed with the Choctaw nation that that
question, whether they should have the net pro-
ceeds of the land, should be submitted to the Uni-
ted States as an arbiter. The Senate of the United
States undertook that arbitration, and on the 0th
day of March, 1859, they passed this resolution:
u Resolved, That the Choctaws bo allowed the ptoeocckof
the sales of such lands as have boon sold by the United
States up to the 1st day of January laM, (1659)"—
The Senate resolved that they should have the
proceeds a year ago. They acted as arbitrators
between the Choctaws and the United States
under that treaty, and decidcd they should have
the benefits of those lands—
" deducting therefrom the co<ts of their survey and pale
and aJI proper expenditures and payments' undot said tioaty,
excluding the ic&ctvations allowed and secured"—
Those which they had taken up—
" and estimating the scrip issued in lieu of reservations'"—
Which was fifty cents an acre—
" at the rate of $ I 25 per acre ; and, further, that they bo alhO
allowed said twelve and a half cents lor the residue of said
lands."
Now, I want to remark here, that we have sold
about seven million acres of that land; we have
got on hjuid, or devoted to swamp and railroad
purposes, four million more. We charged the
Indians ten cents for surveying it, and allowed
them twelve and a half cents; and all they get out
of the four million acrcs is two and a half cents
per acre. We charged them ton cents for survey-
ing, and after deducting that and the lands re-
served for railroad purposes, we allowed them
twelve and a half cents, making out in their favor
but two and a half cents. At the same time the
Secretary of the Interior was directed to cause an
account to be stated with the Choctaws, so that
we might know what the proceeds of the land
were; and the Secretary of the Interior has gone
on to state his account. Here is a long statement
which has been furnished Senators of this account.
The Choctaws are credited with the lease of the
lands; they are charged with the survey; they are
charged with their removal to lands west; they
are charged with all the items of the expenditures
nacesaary andproper to that account; and the Sec-
retary of the Interior states the balance thus: net
proceeds of the lands sold, $7,556,568 05. The
residue of the lands unsold being four million one
hundred and seventy-six thousand three hundred
and seventy-four and four one hundredth acres,
at twelve and a half cents, amounts to $522,046 75;
making the account upon that side,$8,078,614 80,
He then goes on to charge the Choctaws with the
various articles under the treaty, and he finds that
account to stand as money paid out for the Choc-
taws, $5,097,367 50, leaving, as he states the ac-
count, a balance of §9,981,247 30.
In the examination of this subject, the Commit-
tee on Indian AfFaits thought, on a conference with
the Secretary of the Interior, that he had not stated
this matter fully. For instance: the United States
had paid to the S&te of Mississippi five per cent.,
or six, on this whole amount in heu of taxation,
and that should have been charged to the Indians.
The committee also thought that the land that had
been reserved under the swamp act, so called, and
for railroad purposes, should not be allowed to
the Indians; that they should not be paid any-
thing forthem, and the committee proceeded to de-
duct that, and they found there should be a further
deduction of $664,424 13, leaving the amount in
favor of the Indians as reported in this amend-
ment at $2,332,560 83.
Now, the point under discussion last evening
when the Senate adjourned, was this: the Sen-
ator from Geoigia (Mr. Toombs] did not say,
though he made the query, whether the $500,000
paid by the Chickasaws to the Choctaws for a
portion of that land, should not have also been
charged to the Choctaws and deducted. But the
answer to that is, that the United States never
paid them $500,000. It was no paymentof theirs.
It was a payment of $500,000 by the Chickasaws
for lands ceded them by the Choctaws. The Gov-
ernment had nothing to do with it, except to hold
it m reserve, and this veiy treaty of 1855, after
providing for the arbitration of the Senate of the
United States, goes on to provide this:
1,4 And the funds now held by the United States? for the
benefit y the Choctaws, under fonnei treaties oi other-
wise, shall continue to be so held."
The treaty itself, after providing for the arbi-
tration, provides that $500,000 which the Chick-
asaws had paid should still be held in trust by
the United Sta'esfor tho Choctaws; and nowthcy
say they want to deduct it as a payment made by
the United States, when the very treaty guaran-
ties that the United Status shall hold it. Then,
as a further fund, they want to deduct $600,000
paid for tho lease of land to the United States.
Phr Choctaws ceded the land west of the one
hundredth meridian, and they leased the land be-
tween the ninety-eighth and one hundredth me-
ridian, for which the Government agreed to pay
them $600,000; and now the United States, it is
proposed, should charge them that in payment,
when this very tieaty provides that $500,000 of
that $600,000 should be paid in cash and the other
$500,0(1/0 should be held in reserve. The treaty
reads thus:
44 And the fund- now held in ti uj-t by the United States
for the benefit of the Choctaws, under former treaties or
otherwise, shall continue to be so held, togcthei with the
sum ot ,<j>.)00,Ul)0, out of tho payment to them, under arti-
cles eighth and tenth of this agreement."
This agreement provides that $500,000 shall
still be held so; but here is the point:
" And also whatcvei balance shall remain, if any, of the
amount that shall be allowed the Choctaws by the Senate,
under the twelfth aiticic hmein, after satisfying the ju&t
liabilities of the tribe."
This treaty provides that if the Senate allow
them for the proceeds of the lands, they shall pay
the liabilities of the tribe in the first instance in
cash, so that they may be out of debt; and then
the balance shall be held in trust for the Choc-
taws; $500,000 under the Chickasaw treaty, and
$500,000 for the land ceded by them to the United
States; and then the balance of this land added to
it, to be held in trust for them after paying their
liabilities. That is the whole of it.
The question arises whether we shall pay this
money now, or whether we shall delay it'' It is
said that the appropriation bill is not the proper
place for it. I contend, Mr. President, it is just
the place for it. We have passed the award; we
have taken the account; we have settled the ac- !
count so far as the committee can settle it; that
is, under the disposition of the Senate; and now,
when the amount is settled, what more have we I
to do but to pay the money, or provide for it? It
appropriates it to be held in reserve from the
Choctaws. It seems to me, sir, it is eminently
proper that we put it upon this appropriation bill.
It will be borne in mind, and seen leadily, that I
do not go here into the propriety of that award.
The Senate have made the award. They made it
a year ago,and passed tho resolution. I look upon
that as so far concluded that I am not disposed
to go into it now. I take it for granted that it is
to be settled in that way , until the Senate reverse
that action. The committee were not inclined to
reverse it. I do not know but what they believed
it fully to be right. We were justified in taking
it as the award of the Senate under this treaty,
that that amount should be fixed; and we have
fixed it, and now ask an appropriation that the
Choctaws may have the benefit of it.
Mr. HUNTER. I merely wish to say in re-
gard to this amendment, that I have had no time
to examine it, and do not understand it. It is
evidently a complicated matter; one which re-
quires investigation. I think that is reason enough
for saying it should not go on the appropriation
bill. As 1 said last night, it seemed to me very
important to keep this bill clear of all other amend-
ments with the loan bill we have put upon it. I
think, though, it is reason enough to vote against
it, that we have not had time to investigate it and
see what it is. That it is a complicated matter
we all must see, from the discussion had on it.
Mr. PUGH. It seems to me to require less
investigation than almost any amendment that
has been proposed. We have made a treaty with
these two tribes of Indians, which treaty has been
sent to the Senate and ratified by a two-thirds vote,
of cotuse, in order to be ratified at all. To be sure 1
do not recollect the treaty, nor whether I voted for
it or against it in executive session; but it cer-
tainly received the votes of two thirds of the Senate.
That treaty contained a clause pledging the faith
of the Government to refer a certain controversy
to arbitration, and the Indians agreed that the
Senate themselves should be the arbitrator. Now,
if there ever was a one-sided bargain entirely for
the United States, that was it. We first made
the treaty with them, and we appointed ourselves
judges in our own case. Then on the 9th of
March, 1859—I was not present on that occasion,
but 1 find it in the Globe as well as on the Jour-
nal—the Committee on Jndian Affairs having
made a report before, and a printed resolution,
called it up, and after discussion, tho Senate unan-
imously fixed and decided the principles of the
award, and ordered the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs and the Secretary of the Interior to bring
us the results.
Now, what more could we have? Why, sir,
if it were between two individuals, the party in
whose favor the award was made would go to
the next term of the county court, and he would
have an attachment or execution against goods,
chattels, and lands. It is foreclosed; wf  cannot
alter it. It is a judgment. It is the judgment we
gave. The faith of the Government is concerned
ii} it; and I say, whether the award was right or
wrong, whether the treaty was right or wrong,
it would be a flagrant and shameless breach of
our treaty stipulations with these poor Indians
for us now to refuse to carry the treaty and the
award into effect. I wish it were not $2,500,000;
but be it $50,000,000, it does not become us as
grown men, as Senators, after we have gone on
through the treaty, and through the award to fix
the amount, then, because it is a large amount, to
say we will put it off. The treaty stipulates that
it shall be paid, and how it shall be paid, exactly.
I think we are to issue bonds for part of it;andl
was about to call the attention of the Senatorfrom
Arkansas to the fact that perhaps his amendment
would want some perfection to carry out the
twelfth and thirteenth at tides of the treaty.
But, sir, I was struck very much by an obser-
vation or two of the Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] last evening; and I was very glad the
Senate adjourned, for I took the pains to go back
and read all these treaties, and read them care-
fully. I never had read them before. As I said,
I did not recollect whether I voted to ratify the
treaty of 1855 or not, and I was not m the Senate
when the award of 1859 was made; but after
reading all these treaties over—commencing with
the treaty of 1820, negotiated by General Jackson
and General Hinds, on the part of the United
