2018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
skirts of certain individuals as the leaders of the
party with which, in general, they act. On the
contrary, it always gives me great pleasure to find
gentlemen upon the other side of the House voting
right and sound in their opinions upon any ques-
tion whatever; and whenever I can find them
voting with me, it is always an evidence with me
that there is a great improvement taking place in
that political organization against which, on most
occasions, I feel myself bound to go. [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. Chairman, if itis supposed by gen-
tlemen who are arguing warmly in favor of a
tariff for the protection of iron and woolen goods
that it is to be regarded as a testof political ortho-
doxy when a gentlemen representing the agricul-
tural interests of the country, or representing an
agricultural constituency, claims a share in the
common protection which is for all the industrial
interests of the country, I want to know it. Let
us understand what our political position is, and
let it be known what constitutes political ortho-
doxy. It does so happen, that gentlemen who
are engaged in these manufacturing pursuits, con-
gregated together in small numbers, having the
advantage of capital, are able to bring a very pow-
erful influence to bear upon legislation; while the
agriculturists aic a scattered multitude, having
individually a small capital; having no power of
bringing the force of combination to bear upon
legislation: but are compelled to depend upon the
intelligence and efforts of their Representatives
here alone. They have no lobby influence here.
They do not collect $100,000 from a single firm
for the purpose of securing protection upon any
interest of theirs. They are, as I said, compelled
to depend upon the intelligence of their Repre-
sentatives here; and I tell the gentleman from
Pennsylvania that if a gentleman is to be called to
account politically here because he chooses to do
what he regards for tlx* interests of his constitu-
ents, he will iind it a hazardous business. I am
here to represent the interests of the agricultur-
ists, and to claim that the wool growers shall have
protection as well as the wool manufacturers.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MONTGOMERY, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. MORSE. i move to strike out these
words:
" On Manilla mid other hrnips ot' India, $30 per ton."
Yesterday, Mr. Chairman, I gave several rea-
sons why these words should be stricken from
the bit); and Manilla Immp be admitted free of
duty; and I indulge some hope that the motion I
now make will meet the favorable action of the
committee. Manilla hemp does not come into
competition with any article of American growth.
It does not, so far as used on boaid ofsiups, come
into competition with the hemp of the West. We
import largely of Russia hemp, in the form of
yarns, which are manufactured into rigging in
this country. The duty on raw hemp is now
higher than on yarns, the hemp is therefore spun
into yarn abroad, and imported in that shape. In
the bill before the committee, the duty on both
hempand yarn, and cordage of all kinds, is raised
above the duties now established; and the prin-
ciple of the law now in force, making thedmyon
on coidage lower than on hemp, is right the re-
verse, and the duty on the manufactured article
made the highest, on the principle of giving the
manufacture to our own people. The western
States will not, for many years, supply the market
with hemp usrd for tarred rigging, let the duty be
what it may. But if they could at once supply
the market, this Manilla hemp would not be a
competing article, for it will continue to be used
for certain parts of the nggmg of a ship, whether
there be much or little western hemp put into the
hemp markets. It is used for the miming jig-
ging of ships, such as braces, falls, &o., and will
continue to be used for these purposes whatever
mny be the price of western hemp, because it is
preferred for these purposes, and our ship owners
will use no other. It is an entirely different ar-
ticle from tlm hemp grown m this country, and
on board ship is used for a different purpose. It
will not take tar, and is only used where light
and pliable rope is wanted. 'All the heavy rig-
ging about a ship—all that is kept set up—small
or large, such as shrouding and staying, is made
of tarred rope. Each species of hemp has its pe-
culiar u*e, and will not interfere with each other
for any maritime purpose, to the injury of the
western product. If, therefore, the duty on Ma-
nilla hemp be stricken out altogether, it will neither
injure nor interfere, to any great extent, with other
interests, and will afford some relief to an interest
which seems to have escaped the favorable con-
sideration of the framers of this hill.
Mr. SIMMS. Mr. Chairman, I represent a
hemp-growing region, and if this bill is to pass I
insist that this grrat interest shall not be less pro-
tected by its provisions than other great indus-
trial interests of the country. In all the provis-
ions of this bill there arej.mt two or three articles
protected by it in which the agricultural interest
of the country is directly interested. One is the
article of hemp, and the other the article of wool.
The duty proposed to be levied upon unmanufac-
tured hemp, and articles manufactured from this \
staple cf foreign growth, are less, by the provis-
ions of this bill, than under existing laws. While
duties are increased upon iron, and every species
of domestic manufacture in which the capitalists
of Pennsylvania and New England arc interested,
the great farming interest of the South, the "West,
and Northwest, are disregarded. Its sole purpose
is to protect capital, not labor. It is to make the
rich richer, and the poor poorer. Its provisions
do not reach the great laboiing interest of the na-
tion. The toiling millions who work for then-
daily bread, who drive the shuttle, the anvil,and
the plow, have no share in its provisions. While
it tills the coffers of the rich, it adds additional
cost to the very bread and raiment upon which
the laboring man lives.
The gentleman from Maine represents the ship-
ping interest of the North; an interest that has
been fostered and supported from the public Treas-
ury for more than forty years. Not content with
this, he now insists upon a reduction of the pro-
posed rate of duty upon the article of Manilla
hemp. While he is willing to tax, by high tariffs,
the great producing interest of the country, he
is unwilling that the ship-owner shall pay a like
tariffupon thearticles used in the constructmgand
riggmgof vessels. This is to be the groatpriri/cgerf
interest of the country, that is to bear no part of
the burdens of taxation. For more thaia forty
years they have had navigationlaws in forec, con-
fining the entire coastwise trade of this country
to American-built ships, thereby creating a mo-
nopoly of this trade in their favor, which lias been
estimated to be worth to their interest about
$'1,000,000 per annum, in the way of high freight
chaiges for thetransportation of produce and every
other article of merchandise from one American
port to another; and still, not satisfied, they no-w
demand that, in addition to this, every article that
is used m the construction and rigging of a ship
shall be subject to a mere nominal duty, or no duty
at all. They have also had their fishing bounties—
amercgratuity from the public Treasury—forthc
last fifty years, amounting to about §500,000.
Sir, n representative of the shipping interest of
the United States should be the last to protest
against the protection of any other interest in this
country. They have been fed and sustained from
the public Treasury for the last half century.
That interest has been the pet object of all our
discriminating laws. The great producing and
agricultiual mteiest of the South, the West, and
Southwest, has been taxed by these discriminat-
ing laws, in the form of navigation acts and fish-
ing bounty acts, more than $t]U0,000,000, for the
especial support of the shipping interest of the
North, since the organization of this Government.
That those laws stiil remain m force, and that
this tax is still levied upon the public Treasury,
in the form of fishing bounties, and upon the pro-
ducing interest of the nation, in the form of navi-
gation acts, 1 repaid as unjust and oppressive.
The gentleman's aigument for the reduction of
the duty on Manilla hemp is, that it is not used
for any purpose about a ship that American hemp
can beuspd for,and hence it does not, and cannot,
compete with American hemp. While, sir, this
proposition may be true, that Manilla hemp is
used for a certain purpose, and that no other hemp
can be used for that purpose, may it not be used
for purposes for which American hemp is now
used? lie tells us that it will not compete with
the hemp raised in the United Slates. If it be
permitted to come m free of duty, will it not be
used for other purposes than those for which itis
now used, and in this way may it not supersede
the hemp grown in this country ? Tribute is lev-
ied upon every interest in the country to admin-
ister to the benefit of this peculiar interest. The
merchants and farmers of the South arc taxed,
and that is all right; but New England refuses to
be taxed like people in the other sections of the
country. They refuse to pay duties upon any for-
eign article used in the construction of their ships*
Are they, sir, forever to bean exclusive class? Is
this right? 1 protest against any such unfairness.
Mr."Chairman, it has become part and parcel of
the policy of this country to supply revenue for
the Government by taxation on imports. If this
country were so situated that, in natural produc-
tions and climate, and every other respect, the
taxes imposed would fall equally upon all sec-
tions of the country, and all classes, it would,
perhaps, be the best means for the purpose; but
that is not so, and the laws of climate and pro-
duction prevent this. Such can never be the
case; hence no tariff can ever be perfectly just and
equal; and, under the tariff system of the United
States, two thirds of the revenue of the Govern-
ment is paid by the southern section of the Con-
federacy, while the northern section doubles us in
wealth and in population? Is that fair5 Is it
just? It is not. is it not an unreasonable thing,
then, when we ask that the duty shall be retained
on hemp, that gentlemen from that section of the
country, that has been fostered and fed from the
public Treasury since the organization of the
Government, almost, shall enter their protest
against it? I hope the gentleman's proposition
will be voted down.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORSE. I now move to strike out "twen-
ty,'' in the same line,and insert " ten dollars per
ton."
The gentleman from Kentucky has entirely
evaded the brief argument which I, a few mo-
ments ago, addressed to the committee. He starts
and continues upon the presumption that Manilla
hemp may be used for every part of the rigging
of a ship. I have stated over and over again that
it is a species of hemp used in no other part of
the rigging of a ship except the running rigging,
and which will continue to be used for this pur-
pose, let the home production of American hemp
be whaftt may. Untarrrd Russian and Ameiican
hemp was once used for this purpose, but for the
last ten years Manilla has taken its place. Itcan-
not he tarred, and is never used m the standing
rigging of a ship, which weighs many times more
than the smaller light Manilla rope used for falls',
braces, &c; and so far as its commercial use is
concerned, it will not come in competition with
American hemp. Could you of the West supply
the entire home market with your hemp, at much
less than the price it now commands, the ship-
owner would continue to use this Manilla grass
rope.
Mr. SIMMS. May it not be used for souk
other purposes where the domestic article is now
used?
Mr. MORSE. I suppose it could be used foi
bed-cords, tackle-falls, and like purposes, but not
so far as to create an injurious competition. The
bill before the committee is a gooti bill for the
hemp-grower; and if you cannot, even under this
bill, supply the home market forycais, why per-
sist in imposing burdens on an oppressed inter-
est when it is no benefit to you, and serves only
to collect money from a branch of industry least
able to bear the burdens of taxation with which
to fill your Treasury? I am perfectly willing to
so regulate the duties as to give the hemp-growi r
all reasonable protection. The bill proposed gi re«
a high protection to the hemp-grower—far higher
than commerce is able to bear. It raises the dutv
on the raw material, and then changes the duty
on tarred cables and cordage to two cents and a
half per pound, and on yarns to four cents per
pound; which I think, if I mistake not, is the
best protection, taken as a whole, this article lias
ever had. Sir, when the gentleman can show me
that the whole practice of our ship-builders is to
be reversed; when he can show mc that this Ma-
nilla grass, or hemp, will take and hold tar, and
be used for the large heavy riggingin ships, such
.as stays and shrouds, there will be some foice in
his answer to my position, and not till then.
The gentleman charges that wo receive aid from
the bounties paid to fishermen. That is not a
