54
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
mnnicated in answer to a resolution of either the
Senate or House of Representatives, and he says
nothing in that report about the seizure of the
arsenal at Liberty. That was a report made at
the same session of Congress. But, sir, I myself
offered a resolution in December, 1857, which I
think should have required the giving of this in-
formation. It is possible that it may be so con-
strued as to avoid giving the information, but it
is easily to be seen that it is very difficult without
knowing exactly what is in the Department to
frame a resolution that will meet each particular
paper that is there. If we had the information
we should not wish to call it from the Department.
It is because we have not obtained it and do not
know what may be there, that we adopt these
resolutions of inquiry. This was a resolution
offered by myself on the 18th of December, 1857,
and adopted by the Senate:
" licsolvcd, That the President be requested to communi-
eate to tho Senate all correspondence between himself, or
any of the Departments, ot any Governor or other officer 01
pcison m the employ of the Government, in Kansas Terri-
tory, not herctofoie communicated, togethei with all onlers
and instillation^ which have been ismied to the Governor
of the said Terutory, or any other officer or person in paid
Territory, m lelauon to Kansas affairs."
It is very broad in its terms. It is true that the
arsenal at Liberty is not referred to m words; but
the resolution inquires for all correspondence and
all orders that had been issued in regard lo Kan-
sas affairs to any officer there. Now, it appears,
from Captain Leonard's statement, that Colonel
Sumner sent down troops from Kansas after this
arsenal was seized; it appears further, that orders
were given to supply the loss of those arms, but
none of this information was communicated.
These being the lads, 1 think 1 was justified in
tho general statement winch 1 made,'that these
papers had been withheld, certainly not com-
municated, unless they arc communicated and
have escaped my observation after having made,
as I think, a pretty diligent search to find them.
One word, sir, in regard to what was said by
the Senator from Maryland [Mr. Pearce] yes-
terday, in an explanation which he made, which
might, leave the impression, if it were not cor-
rected, that I, myself, had been instrumental in
postponing a resolution calling for information
that would have obtained these documents. That
was a general resolution, not applicable particu-
larly to the arsenal in Missouri, equally general
with the other resolutions that had been adopted.
It was opposed in this bodv, and postponed until
the close of tho session. It was presented after
we had received a communication from the Pres-
ident, stating that everything had been commu-
nicated; it lay on the table and was called up oil
one of the last days of the session, some time in
August, simply for the purpose of allowing the
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Foot] to express his
views on the Kansas question, and then it was
laid over to the next day, then: being no object
in passing the lesolution efler wo had received
these communications from the President, and at
the close of the session..
Mr. President, just before the adjournment of
this body yesterday, 1 was callcdupon by the Sen-
ator from Florida, [Mr. Ynxu,) to state what
were the principles of the Republican party. He
said that he desired a precise statement of the
point:
'■ And if it is emblazoned to t'ie woikl and is so simple
that all who  un may lead, it ccit.unly i an uccup) but veiy
little (.i fin' time of the Senate to vtntn fxphritly, ;md in a
few woids what the position o< the part} is aiid to what
point it tend1'; what is the p?npo*c of their organization;
and what is the policy they propose to establish in this
tommy upon the ^aveiy question."
Sir, I did suppose that tho Senator from Florida,
and every Senator could understand, if he desired
to do so, what our principles were. They have been
proclaimed by an authoritative convention of the
party m language as plain as it is in the power of
man to employ; and it is only by mystification,
by misrepresentations of them in many portions
of the country, as I think, that the public mind
of the South has been excited against the Repub-
lican paity. I have brought along with me their
declaration of principles, and so far as it relates to
the slavery question I will road it; it is brief,and
I should like to know to what portion of it the
Senator from Florida, or any other Senator, or
individual, North or South, objects. Here it is:
" Resolved, That tho maintenance of the principle? pro-
mulgated in the Declaration of Independence, and embod-
ied m the Federal Constitution, are essential to the preser-
vation of our Republican institutions, and that the Federal
Constitution, the rights of the States, and the Union of the
States, must and shall be preserved."
Does the Senator from Florida understand that
—that the Constitution of the United States, the
rights of the States, and tho principles embodied
in the Constitution, must and shall be preserved?
Mr. YULEE. I want to know how you con-
strue the Constitution?
Mr. TRUMBULL. We will tell you. We
say ourselves how we construe it on the slavery
question:
"■ Resolved, That, with our republican fathers, we hold
it to bu a selt-evident tuith that all men are endowed with
the inalienable light of life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap-
piness ; and that the primary object and ulterior design of
our Federal Government is, to grant these rights to all per-
sons undpr its exclusive jurisdiction. That, as our repub-
lican fathers, when they had abolished slavery in all our
national territory, ordained that no person shall be deprived
of life, liberty, or propetty, without due proccss of law, it
becomes our duty to maintain this provision of the Consti-
tution (against all attempts to violate it lor the purpose of
establishing slavery in the Territories of the United States)
by positive legislation piohibiting its existence oi extension
theiein. That we deny the authority of Congress, of a
Territorial Legislature, of any individual or association of
individual, to give legal existence to slavery in any Terri-
tory of the United States, while the present Constitution
shall be maintained.
" Resolved, That the Constitution confers upon Congress
sovereign power over the Territories of the United States
for their government; and that, in the exercise of this
power, it is both the right and the imperative duty of Con-
gress. to prohibit in tins Territories those twin relics of bar-
barism, polygamy and slavery.
That is the \$hole platform of the Republican
party on the subject of slavery.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the Senator from
Illinois allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If it be true, as that last
resolution states, that the Constitution confers
upon Congress sovereign power over the Terri-
tories of the United States, for their government,
why is it that that power, which the resolution
declares to be sovereign in Congress—by which,
I presume, is meant a supreme power, a power
which has no superior—is not capable of being
exercised for the establishment of slavery in a
Territory, as well as for the prohibition of slavery
in a Territory ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, the power
which the Federal Government may exercise over
a Territory is sovereign power in its government,
as we all know and understand, within the Con-
stitution of the United States. The Constitution
of the United States declares that Congress shall
pass no law establishing any particular form of
religion or abridging the freedom of speech or of
the press. I readily admit, and so does the Re-
publican party, that the Congress of the United
States cannot pass a law abridging the freedom of
speech m any one of the Territories. They are
expressly prohibited from so doing. They have
the sovereign power over the Territories; to legis-
late for the'm in all matters within the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and the Constitution of
the United States does not authorize Congress to
establish slavery. Tho Constitution is founded
upon this principle: It does not establish slavery
at all, but, merely tolerates it where it already ex-
ists by virtue of State laws. That is the meaning
of the Constitution of the United States. It is a
Constitution of freedom, the word '•slave'* not
occurring m it, and the men who framed the ('on-
stitution believed that 111 process of time there
would be no slaves in any portion of the Con-
federacy, and one of its principal authois objected
to the use of the word •'slave," lest future gen-
erations might know that therft was slavery 111
some of the States when the Constitution was
formed. It was formed on the principle of liberty,
but not on the principle of freeing slaves where
they are held by virtue of State law; and if you
will turn to that clause of the Constitution re-
lating to the reclamation of fugitive slaves, you
will find that it reads, that "no person held to
service or labor in one State under the bws
thereof," that is, und< r the lawb of the State,
"escaping into enotm r, Uiall, in consequence of
any law or regulation therein, be discharged from
such service or labor, but shall be deliveied up."
There is no provision for the delivering up of a
man who is held as a slave under the Constitution
of the United States. Would the honorable Sen-
ator from Delaware contend that under that clause
you could reclaim a man who was held as a slave,
by virtue of the Constitution of the United States,
who had escaped into another State? Suppose a
person conies into the State of DelaweCre who, it
is contended, is a slave, and his alleged owner
comes and seeks to reclaim him and take him
back to the country from which he has fled, would
you give him up if he did not show that he was
held as a slave under the laws of the State from
which he escaped? If you would not, then, as a
matter of course, you could not give up a person
who was held as a slave in one of the Territories,
unless there is an act of Congress which author-
izes the surrender of a person held as a slave in
a Territory.
Now, lest I be misunderstood, I will state that
I do not mean to say that if there is slavery in
one of the Territories of the Union, as there was
by the acquiescence of Congress in Tennessee
and Kentucky and in the southwestern States
while they were Territories, a negro who is held
as a slave there and escapes into any of the States
of the Union may not be reclaimed. I hold to no
such doctrine. I contend that the Congress of
the United States have sovereign power over the
Territories to legislate for them within the Con-
stitution, and had the right to provide, as it did
in the enactment of the ordinance of 1787, for the
northwestern territory, by inserting a clause spe-
cially providing that fugitives who should escape
to that territory from slaveholding States should
be surrendered up. Why was that clause put in?
Why did not the general law cover it? It is by
virtue of its sovereign power over the Territories
that Congress provides a law by which a person
held to servico or labor in a slaveholding Terri-
tory may be reclaimed when he escapes to a State,
and by which a slave in a State who escapes into
a free Territory may be reclaimed and brought
back to the State from whence he fled. This is
what I understand by these two provisions.
Now, sir, what portion of this platform or creed
does the Senator from Florida object to ? I know
what he will say. He objects to that part which
excludes slavery from the Territories. Is there
any other? Is there any other part of it to which
he will object5 If there be, I should like to know
what it is.
Mr. YULEE. My purpose was not to argue,
but to be informed of th£ object and policy of the
parry of which the Senator is a member. The Sen-
ator will recollect that, in replying to my friend
from South Carolina, [Mr. Ghesnut,] he stated
that the position of his party was misunderstood
in the South; and for the purpose of relieving
the excitement resulting from that misapprehen-
sion, he declared his purpose to be to enlightci
the Senator from South Carolina m relation tt
the principles and policy of his party m respor,
to the slavery question. The Senator, beginning
the exposition wlueh I expected from him, da
clared that he had himself been a member of th
Democratic party down to the inauguration a
President Pierce; that he had grown up a Dem
ocrat; concurring with that party in all their polict
and all their measures icfeiable to the adminis
tration of the Government 011 other questions
that he, with other northern men, had been drive:
by the issues which the South had forced upo;
the North, on the slavery question, into an orgnn
ization which looked to a redress of what war
alleged to be a wrong. I took, therefore, for
granted that we had gained one point: we had
learned fiom the Senator, by his admission, and
by the illustration h< gave of the manner in which
he came to be a member of that party, that the
feuding purpose and daign if the 01 ganization war
to act upon the slave question.
Then, having learned that much and reached
that step, I waited to learn from the Senator what
was the precise attitude 111 which that party, so
formed with reference to the slave quest-ion, and
thus constituting a sectional party in this coun-
try, stood; what was the policy to which their
efforts were directed, and the principles by which
they proposed to govern themselves; and I lis-
tened with a desire to learn > for the question is
serious. All that I heard from the Senator yes-
terday evening, (and it was that which led me to
the more particular inquiry I made,) when he un-
dertook to make the exposition of the. principles
011 which his party rested, was an argument to
prove that it was no degradation to the South that
they should be excluded from tho occupancy of
the Territories with their slave property. That
