1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1075
the Senate, setting apart the whole of Friday for
the consideration of private business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate hav-
ing by resolution set apart Friday for the con-
sideration of the Private Calendar, the Senator
from Georgia makes the question that it must be
taken up immediately after the reading of the Jour-
nal. The impression of the Chair is, that it is in
the nature of a special order, <ypd to be called up
at the hour when other special orders are callcd
up, and hence that the morning hour, as hereto-
fore, may be occupied in the presentation of peti-
tions and reports. The Chair, however, will sub-
mit the question to the Senate—it is indifferent to
him—shall the Private Calendar on Friday stand
in the position of a special order, or shall it be
taken up the moment the reading of the Journal
is concluded ?
Mr. PEARCE. I suggest that the ordinary
form is to propound the question thus: Shall the
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair pro-
poses to submit the question to the Senate.
Mr. PEARCE. I understood the Senator from
Georgia to take an appeal.
Mr. IVERSON. I withdrew that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Perhaps, after all,
that is the simpler form. The Chair will decide
that he will call for petitions and reports during
the morning hour, and the Senator from Georgia
will appeal as a matter of form.
Mr. IVERSON. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of the Senate?
The question being put, the decision of the Chair
was sustained.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition pre-
sented by the Senator from Virginia will be re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. CRITTENDEN preseifted the petition of
Mira M. Alexander, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion on account of the military services of her
father, George Madison, in the war of the Revo-
lution, the Indian wars, and that of 1812; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions; and
a motion by him to print the petition was referred
to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. PEARCE presented a memorial of Thatch-
er Perkins and William McMahon, praying an
extension of their patent for an improvement in
the wheels of locomotive engines; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents and the Pat-
ent Office.
Mr. BIGLER presented a memorial of mer-
chants and citizens of Philadelphia, relative to life-
saving stations on the coasts of Long Island and
New Jeisey; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
He also presented a memorial of the Philadel-
phia Board of Marine Underwriters, relative to
life-saving stations on the coasts of Long Island
and New Jersey; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of New York, in relation
to the life-saving stations on the coasts of Long
Island and New Jersey; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WIGFALL presented the memorial of
Loomis L. Langdon, a lieutenant in the Army,
praying remuneration for baggage carried off by
the Mexicans under Cortinas; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CAMERON presented eight petitions of
manufacturers and others of Schuylkill county,
Pennsylvania, praying such a modification of the
tariff as will protect the industrial and productive
interests of the country; which*were referred to
the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Penn-
sylvania, praying that pensions may be allowed
to the surviving soldiers of the war of 1812, and
the widows of those deceased; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BINGHAM presented the petition of The-
ron Hamilton, of Burlington, Michigan, pray-
ing Congress to have five thousand copies of the
Deckuation of Independence and Washington's
Farewell Address printed together anddistributed;
which was referred to the Committee on Printing, i
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, it was
Ordered, That the JcttPr of the Delegate of the Territory
of Utah, in Congress, inclosing the memorial of delegates
of the convention which assembled at Great SaltLake City,
$nd adopted a constitution with a view to the admission o{
Utah into the Unionas a State, together with aoopy of that
constitution, on the files of the Senate, be referred to tire
Committee on Territories.
On motion of Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of C. E. Anderson, late sec-
retary of legation to France, praying to be allowed addi-
tional compensation during the time he acted as chargfc
d'affaires at that court, on the files of the Senate, be re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relati<gis.
On motion of Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, That Frederick A. Beelen have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers from the files of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. NICHOLSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of James C. Jewett, praying
that the Government of the United States will demand
from the Government of Peru the losses he sustained in
consequence of the failure of the Government of Peru to
comply with the terms of the agreement between the two
Governments in relation to the Lobos Islands, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, it was~
Ordered, That the memorial of II. It. Schoolcraft, pray-
ing compensation for the collection of the facts and mate-
rials embodied in the history, statistics, condition, and
prospects of the Indian tribes of the United States, pre-
pared and published by him, on the files of the Senate, be
rexerred to the Committee on Claims.
A. A. L0CKW00B.
Mr. HEMPHILL submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the papers in the cape of A. A. Lock-
wood be returned to the Senate by the Court of Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred a memorial of the Boston
Board of Trade, praying that a better description
of life-boats, ana other improved means for the
| preservation of life, may be required, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
Pie also, from the same committee, to whom
| was referred a memorial of the Philadelphia Board
of Trade, praying the adoption of more efficient
measures for the saving of life and property ship- {
wrecked on the coasts of Long Island and New
Jersey, asked to be discharged from its further
' consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
reported a bill (S. No. 262)providing forareduc-
tion in the prices allowed for the public printing,
and providing for the binding of the public docu-
i monts, reports, and Journals; which was read,
and passed to a second reading, and ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr DURKEE, from the Committee on Revo-
! lutionary Claims, to whom was referred the me-
morial of Iiaym M. Salomon, praying indemnity
for moneys advanced and losses sustained by his
father, Haym Salomon, during the war of the
Revolution, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill (S No. 263) for the relief of Haym M.
Salomon. The bill was read, and passed to a sec-
ond reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimous consent5
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 261) to
authorize the levy court t© issue tavern and other
licenses in the District of Columbia; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. DURKEE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
264) to provide for the appointment of a judge
! for a district of country within the Territories of
Kansas and Nebraska, and for other purposes;
i which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Territories.
THE CAPITOL GROUXDS.
Mr. BRIGHT, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bitl (S.
No. 265) to enlarge the public grounds surround-
in0, the Capitol: which was read twice by its title.
lMr. BRIGHT. Were it not, Mr. President,
that there are already so many special orders, 1
should ask the Senate to make this bill a special
order for some day not far distant: but I am un-
willing to embarrass gentlemen who have special
orders. I will state, howcyer, that I shall take oc-
casion at an early day to call up the bill, believing
it is important that we should settle the question
whether we will enlarge the Capitol grounds or
not. It is proper that I should state, further, that
the Committees on Public Buildings and Grounds,
both of the Senate and House of Representatives,
have had a meeting and unanimously agreed upon
this bill. We have caused a map to be made
showing the shape, size, and quantity of the
ground we propose to take within the enclosure
around the Capitol, and have caused the map to
bo placed in the Senate Chamber, with proper
explanations upon it, and a mark drawn around
the land which we propose to include. I hope
Senators will, in their leisure moments, examine
it with a view to being able to vote upon the ques-
tion when it comes up. Let the bill go on the
Calendar or lie on the table; I have no choice.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will go on the
Calendar, if no motion be made.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no fur-
ther petitions and reports, the Chair will com-
mence calling the Private Calendar.
Mr. CLAY. I submit a motion to postpone
the Private Calendar until we dispose of the bill
which has been the subjcct of debate for several
days in succession, making appropriations for the
West Point Academy. I believe we can now
dispose of it in a short time. I think there will
be no further discussion on it. In my opinion,
we had better try to do one thing at a time. We
have a great deal of unfinished business before
us. I submit the motion to the Senate.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes fourteen, noes not counted.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United*
States, by Mr. Buchanan, his Secretary* an-
nounced that the President had approved and
signed, on the 8th instant, an act (S.No.217)for
the relief of William B. Herrick.
WIDOW OF GENERAL SMITH. ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first bill on
the Private Calendar is the bill (S. No. 73) for
the relief of Mrs. Anne M. Smith, widow of the
late Brevet Major General Persifer F. Smith.
That bill is now before the Senate as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, the question being* on the
amendment of the Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Iverson,] as amended, to add to the bill:
And that the Secretary of the Interior be directed to place
the name of Mrs. Harriet B. Macomb, widow of General
Alexander Macomb, deceased, late commanding general of
Uie Army, on the roil of pensioners, and to pay her a pension,
at the rate of fifty dollars per month, from the date of the
approval of this act; and also, that the Secretary of theln-
terior be directed to place the name of Mrs. Arabella Ril^y,
widow of Brevet Major General Bennet Riley, deceased,
late of the Army, on the roil of pensioners, and pay ber a
pension, at the rale of fifty dollars per month, from the date
of the approval of this act.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment. ,
Mr. HUNTER. Is there any report with that
bill? If so, I should like to hear it.
Air. THOA'TSON. There is no report.
Mr. IVERSON. What was done with the
amendment in favor of Mrs. Macomb, which I
offered the other day ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was rejected.
The question now is on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. IVERSON called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. CAMERON. This is a bill allowing a
pension to the widow of General Persifer Smith.
There has been no report made by the committee,
but if Senators require any information on the
subject, the Senator from New Jersey, who in-
vestigated the case, will make a statement.
Mr. THOMSON. Mr. President, this case was
referred to the Committee on Pensions in 1858.
It was supposed at that time that the case of Gen-
eral Persifer Smith was so well known that it
was not necessary to make a written report; but
I find among the papers, in my own handwriting,
c^uite an elaborate brief of the case, made at the
time; and for the information of the Senate I will
read some of the papers, for the purpose of show-
ing that General Smiths death was caused by
