1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
was led by Mr. Madison; and on that occasion
the House of Representatives decided, in 1796,
by a vote of 54 to 37—I have not seen that debate
'for many years, but I think my memory of it is
accurate, for it is one of the most able and im-
portant debates we ever had in this Government
—that it was not competent for the Prosidentand
Senate to bind the House of Representatives to
the payment of money. It is a question for the
legislative power; and when gentlemen talk of this
being a judgment, they talk against principles
settled now for sixty-four years by their ances-
tors and mine.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I was upon the
Committee on Indian Affairs when this subject
was first brought to its consideration. Though I
have been separated from tile question for several
years, I have a very distinct recollection of cer-
tain prominent facts in regard to it which con-
vinced me at the time that we owe this money
as much as we owe any debt against the Govern-
ment. My deliberate conviction is that we are as
much bound to pay this award as we are to pay
the President's salary, or the salary of any other
officer of the Government. I suppose I could not
get the attention of the Senate if I went into any
statement of the facts connected with the earlier
history of this data, and therefore it would be a
useless task to undertake it; but I will state one
prominent fact in regard to it which ought to have
great weight.
The commissioners who negotiated this treaty
state this in the most positive manner, and under
oath—General Eaton himself being one of them
—that the treaty as understood by the Choctaw
people, at the time when they entered into it, was
just such as they claim it to be now, and that the
principal negotiator, theSecretary of War, speak-
ing for the President, told them that their construc-
tion of it was right, and that the Government
would execute it m thatform. Thus understand-
ing it, late in the evening of the last day of the
council, the Choctaw people were, in fact, com-
pelled to sign the treaty. The State of Missis-
sippi had passed a law extending her whole civil
and criminal code over the Choctaws. They ob-
jected to signing the treaty, because they said they
did not understand it. They were afraid of be-
ing overreached. At last General Eaton brought
the council abruptly to a conclusion by saying,
"Sign the treaty or take the consequences; I will
leave the council before night." They said
"leave;" but they were told, "the consequence
will be that your great father the President of the
United States at Washington will withdraw his
protection from you, and you will be surrounded
by the whites, not only of Mississippi, but of the
adjacent States." Thus forced, thus compelled,
thus put under compulsion, the chiefs, headmen,
and captains of the tribe came forward, and, in
hot haste, signed the treaty. That night General
Eaton and his associates went more than fifteen
miles from the treaty ground to an unfrequented
place, where they remained.
I say that the treaty, as now construed, was
as it was understood by the Indians at the time,
and as it was explained to them by the white
men. The treaty, as subsequently executed,
never would have been signed by the Choctaw
people.
Now, sir, who are these Choctaws? The
strongest of our Indian tribes. It is the boast of
every one of them that they never shed a white
man's blood. Tliey have poured out their own
blood, in defense of your cause, like water, on
cvei v battle-field in the South. They followed the
victorious standard of Jackson and Carroll, and
Coffey and others, fought men of their own blood
and of their own color, in defense of your rights;
but never, never, upon a battle-field, did a Choc-
taw stain his hands or his conscience with the
blood of a white man. Such a people are en-
titled to be treated justly, at least, if not gen-
erously, hytheGovcrnment of the United States.
You negotiated another treaty with them, a few
years ago, calmly and deliberately; sent it to the
Senate, and, after mature investigation, the Sen-
ate, by a vote of two thirds, the yeas and nays
being called, according to my recollection, ratified
it. By this treaty you were made the arbiters
between the Federal Government and these peo-
ple. This body was appointed to arbitrate and
make the awaid. It did do it. If it did not do
it deliberately, surely it is not the fault of the
Choctaws. They could not force you to delib-
erate. But you did it; you did it under a solemn
treaty obligation with these people. The award
was made up in the committee-room and laid be-
fore the Senate, and the Senate sanctioned it. This
account has been deliberately stated by that De-
partment of the Government to which it was sent
to be stated. I assume that it is stated right; that
it is according to the award. Surely, there is
nothing in the history of that Department that
justifies any Senator in supposing they have stated
more against the Government than they were
compelled to state according to the award. And
now, sir, what are we doing? We are hesitating
as to whether we shall pay it.
Mr. President, if this was an award under the
same circumstances in favor of the British people,
or the French people, think you the Senate would
hesitate an instant about voting the money? You
would be in hot haste to do it. You would want
to maintain your respectability with the British,
with the French, and with powerful nations.
Hereisa feeble Indian tribe; but they have always
been your friends and mine. They have always
been the friends of the white man. What they
ask of you is that justice which, under like cir-
cumstances, you would award to Great Britain or
France. What the Choctaw people ask, feeble as
they are, being your friends, is, that you should
deal with them as you would with the mighty
momirchs and kings of the earth. Will you re-
fuse to do it? Will you, because you have the
power, deny (hat justice to a feeble friend that
you would not dare to deny to a powerful enemy?
It is not my feeling in regard to it. Believing that
we owe the money; that it is an honest debt, I
take great pleasure in paying it, so far as my vote
goes, to a feeble, dependent, and honest friend,
though that friend may be an Indian.
Mr. POLK. I wish merely to state, that on
this question I feel myself reduced to a very un-
pleasant strait. 1 am inclined to believe, though
1 have not fully examined the question, that this
is a just claim and ought to be paid; but yet it is
offered as an amendment to an appropriation bill
to meet the expenses of the legislative, executive,
and judicial departments of the Government for
the coming year I am one of those who think
vve uic carrying this system of legislation too far.
It is incongruous and improper in that position.
I think all such claims as this ought to be brought
up in independent bills and examined and passed
by the Senate on their merits. I think the system
of tacking them to appropriation bills has become
a vice in our legislation here. It seems to me to
be getting worse every year. It seems to me to
be worse, for the short time I have been in the
Senate, at each successive session. I shall, there-
fore, vote against putting this claim on this ap-
propriation bill, without allowing myself to be
put in the attitude of repudiating a just claim
against the Government, and especially without
refusing to do that justice to a feeble friend which
it is said we would be very anxious to do to a
powerful enemy. For myself, I would like to do
the same justice to a feeble friend as to a power-
ful enemy, and I would go a little faster, I think,
to do justice to the first-named individual than to
the last.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, this tribe of In-
dians—the Choctaws—once inhabited what is now
the most densely-populated part of Mississippi.
I have known them from my earliest days. I
may say of them that they were peaceful neigh-
bors and faithful allies of the whites. They never
committed trespass or violence upon the white
man: who passed through on the traces leading
across the Choctaw nation, annually, in large
numbers. The sick received shelter and care m
the houses of the Indians, and there is no rec-
ord of murder or robbery having been committed
by tlicm upon any of the wayfarers, however long
they lingered. In one or two campaigns th?y
united with us as allies; but they were most
marked for their peaceful habits, their proclivity
to agriculture, the quiet with which they pre-
served their homes. They soon progressed to
something like a semi-civilized condition—estab-
lished schools among them, a rigid police, and
were remarkable for the morality and propriety
of their conduct in all the relations of life. When
they were removed from the State of Mississippi,
our legislation took a kind regard for them, and
those who chose to part with their tribal charac-
ter were recognized as'citizens of the State;' and
one of the tribe—a half-breed, it is true—who re-
mained as a-citizen of Mississippi, was subse-
quently a member of ourLegislaturc. Thisma'rks
the character of the people, and the estimati'oirin
which they are held.
So far, then, as any consideration of kindness,
or of' obligation growing out of past relations, is
concerned, I think they hoRl the front ranlc. But
we have to regard this merely a's-a question'of
justice. Do we owe them anything—if anything,
how much? They have been suitors for many"
years; their claim has been postponed from year
to year with evil consequences to the nation, &ndT
its prompt settlement is due as well to-therh as to
ourselves. The subject has been submitted to
the Department, it being understood beforehand
as well as it is now that this was no place to ad-
just an account; no place to strike a balance be-
tween claims and payments. The Department'
has made its report. I think the chairman of tho.
committee, in the amendment he offers, inserts an
amount exceeding that which, upon the report '
before us, is found to be due; and the Senator
from New Hampshire, in the note which he read
at the closing page of the table reporting ffty-
ment, stated exactly that sum which the award
covers; and the amendment ought to be changed
so as to strike out the sum stated, and insert
£1,851,247 30.
I do not know whether it is judicious to piitthe
amendment in this bill or not. I would prefer, as
a general rule, that all appropriations of such mag-
nitude as this should be considered separately. T
recognize the force of the objection which has been
stated in that respect, but'for years past I havo
been anxious that this matter should be consid-
ered. I have from time to time, and, I fear, even
to the extentof bcingconsidercdindelicatc, pressed
upon the chairman of tho Committee on Indian
Affairs tho presentation of this subject to the Sen-
ate, in order that it might be adjusted. I feel that
it is of vital importance to the Indians that this
question should be settled, and that they should
no longer be standing at the door of the Capitol of
the United States begging that justice to which
they have so great a claim. I move to amend
the amendment by striking out "$2,332,560 85,"
and inserting "§1,851,247 30."
Mr. PUGH. If tho Senator from Mississippi
will add a proviso that that part of the claim
which he deducts, the $], 130,000, may lie over
for further consideration, I think it would be a
proper compromise, although I am satisfied that
it is not a proper set-off. Still it may lie over to
be considered. Tho $1,800,000 seems not to be
doubted by any person who has examined it, and
I think the other is just as clear; but that may lie
over.
Mr. DAVIS. One of my principal objects is
to have a final settlement; to let these Indians feel
that they are no longer suitors before the United
States, but leave them to carve out their own des-
tiny. It is giving them less than is stated in the
amendment of the chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs, but I think it is giving them what
is contained in the report of the Department. I
think it is the award; and whatever is given to
them I want it to be a final settlempnt, that the
Indians may no longer be begging from Congtess.
Mr. CLARK. I entirely concur with the Sen-
ator from Mississippi in his last statement, that
we had better have a final settlement of this mat-
ter; that wo had better not leave these Indians
to come here year after year to importune the
Senate of the United States for that which they
justly deem to be their due.- We had better now
withdraw the amendment entirely from this bill,
or allow them what shall be their final sum; and
not allow them part now, and leave them tocomc
again for another part. I am opposed to the
amendment of the Senator from Mississippi. I
can see 110 justice in it. The Committee on In-
dian Affairs investigated tho matter thoroughly
with reference to the amendment he now proposes,
and they could see no justice in it.
This treaty was made in 1830. In 1837, the
Cluckasaws and the Choctaws divided the land
which the Choctaws had west of the Mississippi
river. The Choctaws received the Chickasaws
into their society, sold them n part of their land,
i.nd the Chickasaws agreed to pay them $530,000
for it; §30,000 to be paid at the time of-their an-
nuities, and vOO.OOO to be reserved out of the
