1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
55
was all I heard; and,therefore, I asked the Senator
to be more specific. Now the Senator comes this
morning to read to us what he terms th« platform
of his party, as declared three or four years ago;
and, if I am to infer that to be all of the platform
of the party with which he is associated, having
reference to the subject of slavery, I am to under-
stand that the whole purpose of their organiza-
tion, and the whole design of their efforts, is di-
rected simply to the territorial question, to the
question of the occupancy of the Territories; and,
that being settled, that the mission of their party
is at an end. Am I right?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Get through with your
question, and I will answer.
Mr. YULEE. Very well, sir; I desire to be
right. Supposing that to be so, that being, appa-
rently, the extent of the policy of the gentleman's
party, now that we fortunately have upon the
floor so able an exponent of the principles and
policy of that party, I wish to obtain from him
the exposition of the meaning of the paper which
he read to us, and which I declared to be dark
and to require exposition. The principal resolu-
tion which the Senator read was this, I believe:
" Resolved, That, with our republican fathers, we hold it
to be a self-evident truth that all men are endowed with
the inalienable right of life, liberty, and the puisuit of hap-
piness, and that the primary object and ulterior design of
our Federal Government is to grant tnese right*—[univer-
sal liberty!]—to all persons under its exclusive jurisdic-
tion. That as our republican fathers when they had abol -
ished slavery in all our national territory, ordained that no
person shall be deprived of life, liberty, or property, with-
out due process of law, it becomes our duty to maintain
this provision of the Constitution.
Now, I desire to hear from the Senator an illus-
tration and exposition of this part of his creed;
whether he intends us to understand, or Ins
party intend it to be understood that by the
Constitution of the United States property in
slaves was abolished, and stands abolished in all
federal territory, and in all territory over which
we have exclusive jurisdiction. Does he moan
to say that the tenure in slave property in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and in the forts and in the arse-
nals, as well as in the Territories of the United
States, was abolished under the Constitution, and
stands abolished now ? That is one part of the
exposition which I desire from the Senator, of
these words which seem to have a dark meaning;
because, although the words are directed to the
question of slavery in the Territories, the basis
upon which the issue in the Territories is rested,
includes and comprehends beyond all doubt, in
the language used, the same question as applicable
to the District of Columbia, to the forts and arse-
nals, and to all other parts of the United States in
which the Federal Govemmentexerciscsexclusive
jurisdiction.
Then you proceed to say that—
'•Wc deny the authority of Cqn^esp, of a Territorial
Legislature, of individuals or association of individuals,
to give legal existence to slavery in any Teiritoiy of the
United States, while the present Constitution shall be
maintained."
If there be any meaning in this, it is a meaning
which strikes at the root of property in slaves in
all the new States of this Confederacy. The ground
upon which you rest yourselves is, that it is not
only not in the power of Congress, but that it is
not in the power of a territorial government or of
any association of individuals under any pretext
or in any form to give existence to slavery in a
Territory. If that be so, all the slaves in Louis-
iana, all the slaves in Tennessee, in Missouri, in
every other new State of this Confederacy were
free by virtue of the Constitution and are illegally
held, and that is the logical sequence of the posi-
tion assumed by this platform which the Senator
presents. The Senator cannot escape by the plea
that the sanction of the United States Govern-
ment maintained and preserved the tenure of pro-
perty there. The sequence is not logical; it is
not deducible from his premises, and the Senator
erred and exhibited the confusion of ideas which
his party entertain on this question, when he de-
clared that a fugitive slave from a Territory might
be apprehended by virtue of the second scction of
the fourth article of the Constitution under the
fugitive slave enactment, because Congress had
given its sanction to the tenure of slave property
in a Territory. That is not a ground upon which
a right can be rested. If, as this platform declares,
the tenure is illegal, Congress cannot extend a
It is
clause of the Constitution to its protection,
further—
" Resolved, That the Constitution confers upon Congress
sovereign power over the Territories of the United States
for their government, and that in the exercise of this power
it is both the right and the imperative duty of Congress to
prohibit in the Temtoiies those twin relics of barbausni,
polygamy and slavery."
The assertion of general principles amounts to
nothing in the action of parties. When individual
right is touched, the judiciary decide thatright; but
when the Senator attempts to present to us here a
principle by which his party is to be ruled,we have
a right to ask him, and to know by what practical
measures of legislation his party propose to give
effect to the principle which they undertake to as-
sert. Now, let us take the case of a Territory im-
mediately occupied by emigrants from a southern
State, and by them alone, accompanied with their
slave property, which the Supreme Court declares
to be legally their property there—I wish to know
by what practical measure of legislation the Sen-
ator proposes to give effect to his principle. Is
it by a law to abolish the property of the slave-
holder in his slaves there ? Is that what lie pro-
poses to do? If the people of the Territory de-
sire to use that form of labor, does ho mean to
deny them that right, and to deny it by an act of
the Federal Legislature prohibiting the enjoyment
of that right to the inhabitants of the Territory?
More than that, if, when they come to form
themselves into a sovereign community and pre-
sent themselves here, under the Federal Constitu-
tion, for admission as a State of this Union, with
a clause in their constitution protecting slave
property, I wish to know whether it is a part of
the policy and purpose of the party, of which the
Senator is a member, giving effect to the principle
here asserted as their rule of action, to reject the
application. Do they mean to exclude for that
cause a State from membership in this Union
—a community organized upon territory of the
United States, raid applying under the Federal
Constitution for admission here, with a constitu-
tion republican in its form? Can they take such
a ground, unless the Senator's party mean to as-
sert that a constitution is not republican which
recognizes domestic slavery; and if he does, does
the Senator not see that he plants the seed of rev-
olution ? Does he not see that his party has pre-
pared a platform upon which it is impossible this
Union can stand? Does he not see that a Trojan
horse has been introduced into this Union, out of
which will issue armed enemies to its existence?
It is important, not alone to the South, it is
important to the North so far as they still enter-
tain any dcsiie of union and fraternity with the
southern States, that we should know distinctly
what is the purpose and end and aim of the party
which seeks to claim their confidence, and to ask
at their hands aid to obtain rule and dominancy in
the Government of the country. If the end and
aim of the Senator's organization is limited to the
territorial question, and when that is done with,
all is done on the slave question, then the South
will know, so far, what to expect from them.
Next, so far as the territorial question is con-
cerned, I ask the Senator to give us the practical
measures by which they propose to give applica-
| tion to their principles, and to toll us upon what
ground they assert that property in slaves is abol-
ished by the Constitution, and yet justify a con-
tinued recognition of that right in the'District of
Columbia, the forts and arsenals, and those of
the Territories of the United States in "which it
has been permitted, not only by the acqiuesccncc
but by the direct authority of law, to exist, for
such was the case in Tennessee, and in other por-
tions of the new States. Congress did, by ex-
[ press enactment, authorize the existence of sla-
j very. I yield to the Senator.
j j\*Ir. TRtTMBULL. Mr President, I nifty find
; it somewhat difficult to reply to the lengthy argu-
! mont of the Senator from Florida, or to remember
all the varied positions which he has taken; but
I will reply to them, so far as I can recollect them,
in a candid., fair manner, so far as I am able to do it.
Sir, I am glad this discussion has arisen. 1
have no right to impeach the motives of gentle-,
men on the other side; I suppose they really
labor under some misapprehension in regard to
this question. I think if we could understand
each other, the good old times, when a man front
the South and a man from the North could meet
together in a friendly spirit without any dispute
upon this question, would return. I think mis-
apprehension is the foundation of £he great con-
troversy upon the slavery question.
I took occasion yesterday to illustrate'the posi-
tion of the Republican party by reference to my
own action, which the Senator from Florida has
referred to to-day, stating that I-concurred gen-
erally in the measures of the Democratic., party,
as it existed prior to 1854, and supported them;
but I do not wish to be understood as subscribing
to every act of that party, in the language which
the Senator from Florida imputes to me. I ac-
quiesced in its action as I do in the,action of the
Republican party, but no'party in this country is
perfect, and no party has so managed its affairs
as to meet the universal approbation, probably,
of any one member who is attached to it.
The Senator has thought proper to speak of the
South. He speaks of the degradation, as he calls
it, to the South of excluding them from a Terri-
tory 
Mr. YULEE. That was the Senator's', own
word. I merely quoted his own language. 0
Mr. TRUMBULL. "We mean no degradation
to the South. I am sorry that the word "South"
has been used with regard to this alleged right to
extend slavery to a Territory., I tried yesterday
to explain that the South is made up of a great
many persons who are not slaveholders, bji far
many more than the slaveholders, ami therefore
I do not know what right those who hold slaves
have to-arrogate to themselves that^they-are the
whole South They are a portion of the South
and a small portion only, about one twentieth
part, as shown by the census.
The Senator asks if this platform of principles
is only intended to apply to the Territories. Most
assuredly the Republican party had its origin in
the question of slavery in regard to the Territo-
ries. It was the departure from the policy of
this Government from the day of its foihidation
down to 1854, which gave rise to the Republican
party. It was an organization in reference to the
question of slavery in the Territories, &nd nowhere
else. There is nothing in this platform in regard
to the question of slavery in the States of this
Union; and, lest I forget it, permit me'to say that
I speak not for the Republican party except as
its platform speaks. 1 claim no authority to bo
its exponent. Its exponent is its principles, as
declared here in this document.
The Senator says the territorial question being
settled, why, then, docs not your party disband.
Why, sir, the territorial question is not settled.
You unsettled it. Did you not pledge yourselves,
in 1852, that you would abide by the measures o^
1850; and, according to the measures of 1850, was
not slavery excluded 
Mr. YULEE. As I would desire to save the
Senator from going off on another topic, not ne-
cessarily connected with this, I will say that I
did not say it was ended. I said that, if the pur-
pose of tnc organization was confined to that
single question, the country would know th^tt
the question being done with, the purpose of
yoiu organization was done with, and your or-
ganization at an end. I did not say whether the
question was done with, or not done with, but that,
if such was your purpose, there would be a point
of time at which your efforts would end. I make
that explanation to prevent the Senator from being
drawn off into an irrelevant issue, for I desire to
have his exposition of the platform, or what he
presents as his platform.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator speaks of
what I present as the platfoim. Now, is it pos-
sible that the Senator from Florida has not seen,
and does not know, this platform? Is there any
other? Why say, " what I present as the plat-
form Why not say, " the platform of the Re-
publican party?" Why should we seek here, in
the Senate of the United States, to mislead any-
body? 1 am sorry we cannot speak of admitted
facts, as they are. Wc are trying here, I trust,
to arrive at an understanding with each' other.
That is my object; and I wish to do away with
all these clap-trap expressions and these ugly
names thataie used for the purpose of exciting
prejudice. Why is it that members of the Senate
of the United States, and that the Cabinet officers
of the country, talk of the Republicair^arty as
the Black Republican party? Do they want to
