1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2019
ship-owners question merely, and we do not de-
fend it as such. It is of less consequence to us
than to the nation as a whole. We say it is a
national question, and the only national question
that tends directly to the multiplication of Ameri-
can sailors, so much needed to man our ships of
war in times of danger. It is altogether the best
nursery we have for American seamen. They
have never failed in time of war, and have always
been the best defenders of our national ships in
their collisions with our foes upon the sea. But
now is not the time to defend this policy of boun-
ties, and I pass from it.
The gentleman says we do not pay this duty of
twenty dollars per ton on Manilla hemp, but that
the South pays it for us. .This is an old theory,
but still a strange-sounding one, and as little un-
derstood by its expounders as by those not gifted
with such marvellous powers of dialectics. I
should be much gratified if thatgentleman.would
be good enough to tell us how it is that, on his
principle thatthe consumer pays the duties, he can
make it out by metaphysics the mostsubtle, that
the southern people pay two thirds of the duties
assessed on imports ? Where and who are the
consumers of foreign products in this country?
Not the unfortunate bondmen, for they use none;
but the white race. Do not the seventeen or
more millions of this race at the North, consume
as large an amount of foreign products as the
eight million free whites in the southern States?
Every man in the North is a consumer. Every
laborer, under our form of industry, is a consumer
of foreign products; and, on the theory of even
your side of the House, pays duties to the extent
of his consumption of taxable imports. It is a
strange and incomprehensible theory that, because
you happen tu produce a raw material that is
largely exported and exchanged for foreign prod-
ucts, therefore you pay the duties assessed on
imports. No such conclusion follows. There is
not the most remote connection between his prem-
ises and conclusion. There is not the poor merit
of even plausibility in a theory so visionary.
But is this old tax theory the only answer the
gentleman has to meet the argument presented in
favor of a reduction of duties on Manilla hemp,
put m this bill, as far as we yet know, for reve-
nue purposes only? I contend it is adiscrimina-
tion against an interest which has suffered more
for the last four years than any other in the coun-
try. This very bill raises the duties on every
dutiable article that goes into the construction of
ships. It raises the duties on flat, bar, and round
ir&n, on every bolt and spike, nail, rivet, and
screw you drive into a ship, and relieves the ship-
ping interest m no particular. I asked the com-
mittee to reduce the duties on chains, anchors,
and a few other articles, and it refused to do so
because-they are manufactured to some extent in
this country; and the ship owners must bear the
increased burdens to promote the manufacturing
interest. And now, when I ask that the com-
merce of the country may be relieved by relin-
quishing the duties on an article not produced in
this country, and that will not come into compe-
tition with the domestic article, I am met, lor
want of a more suitable answ<&, with the old
story about fishing; bounties, and with a fresh
reiteration of the incomprehensible theory that
southern exports pay the duties 011 northern con-
sumption.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Air, MOORE,ofKcntucky. I have been silent,
Mr. Chairman, for the purpose of expediting the
passage of this bill; but 1 find that silence on my
part docs not effect the object, for it has been an-
nounced by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Millson"] that he intends to fight every section of
the bill—every part and parcel of it—and to enter
his protest against it, and for the reason that it is
not the Democratic faith to permit a bill of this
kind to be parsed. Actuated by a similar feeling
to his, though by motives of an opposite charac-
ter, (for I am in favor of the bill) and fearing that
my silence might be construed into indifference,
I desire to say a word. I favor this bill because
I am in favor of protecting the manufacturing
interests of the country, not to the detriment of
agriculture. 1 believe it would have no such effect;
I believe it would afford mutual advantage to the
manufacturer and the agriculturist. If it make
a home demand, it advances the prices of agricul-
tural produce. Hence I am in favor of protection
by discrimination in favor of domestic manufac-
tures.
I am astonished to hear the arguments made
against this bill on the Democratic side of the
House. It was announced yesterday, by the gen-
tleman from Virginia, that this discrimination did
not benefit the manufacturers. I cannot compre-
hend this. But admitting that it is true, one of
the arguments made against the tarnT for the last
twenty years, in Democratic speeches, was that
protection would build up monopolies, and thereby
oppress the poor. And yet the gentleman from
Virginia says that this protection would not' ben-
efit the manufacturers, and hence would not build
up manufacturing interests into a monopoly. He
says that the amount levied as duty was lost in
the manufacturing process. This magical de-
struction of the protective duties I do not com-
prehend. I know it is not alone beneficial to the
manufacturer. He receives a portion; the rest
goes to the surrounding agricultural interest, and
into the hands of the laborers engaged in the pro-
cess of manufacturing. This system of protec-
tion sheds its benign influences over all the in-
terests of the country, giving impulse and energy
to ali—injuring none. Therefore the arguments
of the Democratic party against monopolies have
been ali found to be in error.
The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston]
said yesterday that protection would not benefit
the constituents of my friend from Tennessee,
[Mr. GIuarles,] because they were too remote
from custom-houses to feel the influence of the
tariff.- Well, Kentucky is as remote as Tennes-
see is; and I tell the, gentleman from Alabama
that if he will give us the benefit of this bill, we
in Kentucky will feel its salutary influence. A
depression exists all through the manufacturing
interests of the State of Kentucky for the very
want of such a bill as this which we now pro-
pose to put in operation. The iron interest is de-
pressed. We cannot get the price for iron which
we got several years ago. Then we got from
$26 to $30 per ton; now it lies in the yards of the
furnaces in my district, and cannot command $20
per ton. If our iron masters get the benefit of this
$0 per ton, it will raise the price of iron, and will at
least benefit my district. I speak for the interest
of my constituents.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to amend
the amendment so as to fix the duty on Manilla
hemp at forty dollars per ton.
Mr. Chairman, I have sat here quietly, seeing
this work go on, knowing that the result was a
foregone conclusion; and I thought it was well
enough for gentlemen to do their work alter a
fashion that has been determined upon, I sup-
pose, in caucus, and to leave the question to its
fate in another branch of the Government. But,
sir, in reference to this question of hemp, I see
very plainly that the gentleman who represents
the building of ships does notpropose to have the
expense of ship-building raised upon him, if he
can avoid it. It is well known to this House that
the expense of taking a ton of hemp from Lex-
ington, Kentucky, to Boston, is fully equal to that
ofbrmgmg it from St. Petersburg; so that really
the expenses are about the same, so far as Bos-
ton and Maine are concerned. We know, also, ]
that this very bill—and it is well for the gentle- '
man from Maine to be on the look-out—is calcu-
lated to crush the commercial interests; for if it
prevails so as to exclude competition with the
iron of Pennsylvania, the ships now engaged in
importing iron into this country must rot, or turn
to some other business. We import nowa large
amount of iron. It requires many ships to do it.
If you manufacture that iron at home, not only
does the outgoing cargo cease to go, but the in-
coming one ceases also, and thus there will be a
surplus of the navigation interest; and if you sub-
ject that interest to the same burdens that it seems
designed to subject others to, the production of
the article will cease in a great degree. But yet
the gentleman ought to recollect that equality is
justice; and if he desires to have the iron-masters
and manufacturers of otherdescriptions protected,
he ought, as an act ofjustice, to extend the same |.
protection to other interests. jj
If the producers of hemp have been unable to .j
supply the demand, it may be because, jj} *act, jj
there has not been sufficient protection. That is ,,
their theory; that is their argument. Make it
profitable, and I will be bound that we shall find
lands enough to supply ali the hemp that the com-
mercial interests of the country require. Make it
so that a man can realize an extraordinary rate of
profit, and I will answer for it that hemp, enough
will be grown in this country to supply the whole
demand for it, to any extent to which it may go.
I would suggest, therefore, that instead of dimin-
ishing the duty it should be increased; and I make
the proposition to test gentlemen upon the other
side, and also to illustrate the efficacy of the pro-
posed system.
Mr. JENKINS. I am very much surprised to
learn from the remarks of the gentleman from
Maine that he is in favor of direct taxation. The
gentleman from Maine, as we have all ascertained,
not only from his spcech of to-day, but from the
one of yesterday, is in favor of putting the tariff
on those articles which can bo made in this coun-
try, upon the ground that they will eventually be
made here through that protection cheaper than
they can bo made abroad. That, of course, would
prevent the importation of those articles, and hence
j the receiving of any revenue from these articles.
Then he proposes to take the duty off Manilld
hemp and all other articles not made here, ana
that would leave the Federal Government with-
out any revenue at all. So that, following out
his policy, we would eventually have to resort
to direct taxation to support the Governmenf.
But, I wish to notice another point or two in
the gentleman's remarks. He seemed to urge, as
one special reason why the duty should be taken
off Manilla hemp, that we could not make all the
cordage about a ship of this hemp, but only one
fourth part of it. Now, I would respectfully sug-
gest that that is rather a reason why he should
consent to retain the tax upon it. The smaller
the quantity of an article that his people consume
the less the tax, and I think they might afford to
pay a mite at least ^owards the support of the
Federal Government
But the gentleman tells us, in relation to the
fishing bounties, that we pay $050,000 a year for
the purpose of creating and fostering a nursery
for seamen to light the battles of our country.
Why, sir, I am astonished that a gentleman com-
ing from, and representing,as hedoes, a commer-
cial emporium, should endeavor to place those
bounties 011 such a false ground. Do wegetsea-
men to fight the battles of the country from the
little craft engaged in fishing for cod off the banks
of Newfoundland? Do we not rather get them
from amongst the trained seamen of the whaling
vessels and the regular merchant service? I would
remind the gentleman that we have in this coun-
try ten times as many seamen in the merchant
service, compared to the number in the regular
Navy, as they have in any country on the face of
the globe; and that is ths last excuse to which
the gentleman should resort to justify the pro-
priety of the Government's paying these fishing
bounties.
But the gentleman made another remark. He
says that he cannot understand how it is that the
South pays so large a share of the revenues of
the country, on the ground that at the North there
are more consumers, and that on our theory that
the consumers pay the taxes, therefore, the fSToitii
pays the largestpart of the taxes. I would remind
; the gentleman, respectfully, thatthe tax which we
i pay in the South towards the support of the Fed-
i oral Government is not the only one or the heavi-
est tax we pay through the operation of the tariff.^
1 Why, sir, where we pay one dollar by way of
1 revenue to support the Federal Government,
; through the operation of the tariff, we pay another
; dollar m the enhanced price which that tariff gives
! to articles of domestic manufacture. Itistme thai
i the North does pay a large sum in the way of revi-
' nue, towards the support of the Federal Govern-
■ ment, through the operation of the tariff; but «he
| gets a large part, if not all of it, back from the
I South, in the increased price which she gets for
| her articles of manufacture, through the operation
: of the same tariff; while we of the South, wlmn
i we pay our proportion of the taxes towards the
1 support of the Federal Government, through thr
I operation of the tariff, instead of getting it back in
any such manner as that, have to pay the same
sum over again for identically the same articles
made by our manufacturing brethren of the New
Ens;lanci States.
