1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
it for use; and while they existed as a nation, the
title remained. When they cease to be a na-
tion, they have no successor, no one holding from
them by descent or otherwise; and the property
then reverts to the United States. This is one
clement of the claim which the United States has
upon the property in the mean time. Thus, under
the treaty of 1§55, the Choctaws relinquished all
their right to that portion of the tract west of the
one hundredth meridian, and leased that portion
between the ninety-eighth and one hundredth de-
grees ofwestlongitude, for which the United States
paid the sum of $600,000. The Commissioner of
Indian Affairs says:
"If these sum's are to be regarded as payments under the
treaty of 1830, the amount due the Choctaws will be
$1,851,247 30."
Now let us see whether the Senator from Ken-
tucky states it as it is. He assumes, in the first
place, that this land belonged to them in perpe-
tuity, as though it w"cre held in severalty that they
could sell it to whom they pleased, could lease it
to whom they pleased. Afterwards they leased
a certain portion of it to the United States for the
use of the wild Indians. Senators will observe,
the question was to give them a home west of
the Mississippi,and to give them aeertain amount
of money for making the exchange. When, with
their assent, you allowed another tribe to enter
with them, and I think their assent clearly in-
ferred that they were to be incorporated in their
limits, though since they have been treated as dis-
tinct tribes, and when, at a subsequent period,
they Agreed that the wild Indians should occupy
still another portion of their country, and re-
ceived money in lieu thereof, it was because the
home they sought west was sufficient without
these two tracts of land, and they preferred to
have the money. Was it anything taken from
them ? What was the spirit of the original grant?
Was it a certain number of acres, or was it a
tract of country more or less? It was to give
them a permanent home. If that tract of coun-
try, more or less, remains as a permanent home,
and a portion of that which they might have
claimed, if th'cy insisted on it, be converted into
money, which is it to be added to, the money
payment, or to the whole consideration5 My
friend from Kentucky would any to the whole
consideration; but it is a question on which Sen-
ators may divide, on which Senators who look at
it simply as an act of justice which wc arc endeav-
oring to perform, sitting as judges to decidc
whether we arc to put it to one side or the other,
may differ about. My objection is, that the home
guarantied the Choctaws remains, that all the
money we put in the money scale is to be counted
rss so much payment to them. If they had not
gone beyond the False Washita, still they would
have a tract of land wider than that over which
thov ventured to roam when they first occu-
pied it. The money consideration has thus been
enhanced by exactly this amount—something
over a million dollars. t \ shall not detain the
Senate.
Mr. CLARK. I want to say one word in re-
ply to what fell first from the Senator from Mis-
sissippi. I did not mean to say, and I do not
think I did say, that it was derogatory to the
Senate of the United States to diminish the sum.
Mr. DAVIS. What was it then?
Mr. CLARK. To take a trust fund held by
the Indians to pay their debts with. I said I
thought that was' derogatory; and I think so
y<Tlic PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzfat-
hick in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Mississippi to the amend-
ment of the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Theamendmentto the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Arkansas, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. HUNTER CiiHed for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
■—yeas 22, nays 24; as follows:
yEAS—Diown, Chosnut, Clark, Crittenden,
Doohttle. Fitzpatrick, Games, Hammond, Hemphill, John-
son of Aikaii<-a<, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Malloiy, Nich-
olson. Pugh, IlicL', Sebastian, Reward, Simmons, Wigfall,
and Wilkinson—
NAYd—-Moss^r*. Ba\aul, Bigler, Bingham, Bragg,Bright,
Cameion, Charidlet, Clin<rmctn, Davir,, Fessendun, Fitch,
Foster, Ilarlan, IXunter, King, Mason, Peaiee, Polk, Pow-
ell, Saulsbury, Sumner, Thomson, Toombs, and Wilson—
24.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to reconsider the vote
upon the amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance, in relation to the Auxiliary Guard in this
city.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator will allow me
to move an amendenmt before he moves a recon-
sideration. I want first to perfect the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. Very well.
Mr. GWIN. I move to strike out lines fifty-
six, fifty-seven, fifty-eight, fifty-nine, sixty, six-
ty-one, sixty-two, and sixty-three, as follows:/
For one thousand five hundred and eighty-four copierfof
the Congressional Globe and Appendix for tlie second &e&-
sion of the Thirty-Sixth Congress, $4,752.
For binding one thousand five hundred and eignty-four
copies of the Congressional Globe and Appendix for the
second session of the Thirty-Sixth Congress, $1,900 80."
And inseit in lieu of those lines the following:
For Congic.-=sion;tl Globe, and binding the samp,$32,000.
Mr. HUNTER. That increases the appro-
priation. Is there an estimate for it?
Mr. GW1NN. I only move to strike out one
appropriation, and insert another. That can be
moved without an estimate.
Mr. HUNTER. No, sir.
Mr. GWIN. I propose to appropriate pre-
cisely the amount that we have heretofore paid
for the number of copies of the Globe we nave
subscribed for. The House of Representatives
reduced the number. Each Senator now receives
eighty-six copies of the Globe. Formerly it was
ninety-three, but the increase of Senators has
brought it down to eighty-six. It is well known
that if we diminish the number, the publisher of
the Globe cannot continue the publication. We
have had the matter often before the Senate and
discussed it, and therefore I do not wish to detain
the Senate now in regard to it. Every member
of the Senate understands it. I propose to restore
the original estimate for the number that wc have
heretofore subscribed for. That number was re-
duced in the House of Representatives. I do not
propose to touch the number that the House sub-
scribes for, but this is the number for the Senate.
I have the Secretary's estimate for the amount
embodied in the amendment.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want to make a suggestion
to the Senator from California. I am not certain
what the number of Globes taken was when we
originally subscribed for them by the Senate. I
think, if I am right, however, it amounted to
ninety-three copies to each Senator; and it is now
reduced toeighty-six. That reduction is produced
by the increase of the number of Senators. I think
he would do bettor justice, and 1 think he would
do perfectly right, to so shape his amendment as
to keej) the number at ninctv-thrcc for each Sen-
ator as new Senators shall be admitted. That was
the number that it was originally agreed upon
every Senator should have. It has been reduced
in consequence of new Senators coming in; and
as other new Senators shall come in, the number
will continue to be reduced. I think ninety-three
copies to each Senator is a very limited number.
I think it is the most valuable thing to preserve
the records of the doings here, to be spread all
over the country, in our libraries, in our sem-
inaries, in our academies, and the various places
that they are sent to. I will vote with'thc Sen-
ator from California with cheerfulness for an
amendment that shall fix it at the original num-
ber and keep it there, and increase the aggregate
number to ninety-three to each Senator that shall
come in.
Mr. GWIN. If I can, in order, do that, I so
modify the amendment; for I agree with' the Sen-
ator from Maine that the number ought*to be
ninety-three; but the estimate is for eighty-six to
each Senator. If I can do it in order, I will in-
crease the appropriation so as to make it ninety-
three copies for each Senator.
Mr. PEARCE. I suggest to the gentleman
that he will lose votes if lie does that; I shall vote
against it, for one. The number now given is
more than enough for all our purposes, in my
judgment, and I Relieve it was only fixed at ninety-
three copies for each member in order to give
sufficient patronage to the proprietor of this es-
tablishment to inducc him to keep up the publi-
cation. There really is no reason in the world,
it seems to me, why each Senator should have
ninety-three copies of the Globe. I know that I
have not use for one half of them. I dare'say
the Senator can get individuals enough in tog
State to accept them, and so he could if there
were five thousand, I presume*, but it is a very
large expenditure, and ought to be kept within
the least means which will enable the proprietor
to sustain the publication.
Mr. GWIN. Under the circumstances, I shall
let the amendment stand as it is, although I shall
hereafter, at another session, try to bring Hup*
if I can do so, to the original number. I differ
from the Senator from Maryland. I think it is
the best book we publish.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will state the action of the
Committee on Finance on this matter. The House
of Representatives determined to bring down the
number of Globes allowed to the Senators to the
same quantity allowed members of the House.
The members of the House are allowed by exist-
ing laws twenty-four copies, and the Senators
receive over eighty; I forget the precise number.
At one time it was ninety-three, nut with the in-
crease of the total number of Senators, the divis-
ion among them has made it less. The committee
did not care to interfere with this valuable rear
trenchment made by the House of Representa-
tives, to make the number given to Senators equal
to the number given to the members of the House
of Representatives, and therefore we reported
the bill as it was in this respect. So far as this
whole policy is concerned, my own opinions are
well known, but they have not been in the ma-
jority, for I have been against the whole system.
I am opposed to your whole public printing pol-
icy; but the Senate has differed in opinion from
me. We simply left the appropriation where the
House of Representatives chose to put it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 1 had occasion,
some years ago, as a member of the Committee
on Printing, to examine, with great care and
labor, into the cost and expense of this publica-
tion. It is, undoubtedly, valuable to the whole
country, as well as to every gentleman who may
occupy a seat on the fiooror either House of Con-
gress. As was demonstrated at the time to which
I refer, by the facts given minutely and in detail,
this work is cheaper than any other publication
that is made in the world, it is not to be com-
pared at all with the expense of the publication of
the reports of the English debates.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator will allow me to
correct him. He speaks of the English debates.
The Parliament does not pay one cent for Han-
sard's debates, and has not done so for forty
years.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Whether Par-
liament prfys for it or not, I cannot answer; but I
know the expense at which this publication is
put is not to be compared with the expense of
that. I know that that matter was fully investi-
gated. As to the mere matter of fact, the Sena-
tor, I presume, may be under some error as well
as myself.
Now, when you have a publication that has
gone through a long scries of years, and has pro-
duced no difficulty in regard to thefaithfulnessof
its execution, or m regard to theexorbitantchar-
acter of its price to the Government, you may
well look at it with credcnce, and with some kind
of inclination to believe it is fair, when you con-
sider the universal attack that has been made on
every other branch of the public printing.
The single question that now addresses itself to
the Senate, it seems to me, is whether or not we
shall have this record made up here, that shall
preserve the truth of the declarations and course
of conduct and bearing of every Senator and every
member of the other House—a record that shows
the opinions they had at the time of passing, a
measure, and the reasons and grounds on which
they, acted, and enables the people to judge
whether those grounds and reasons were sound
and correct or not. If wc strike down this publi-
cation, ccrtainlyit is not toh« done unless we pro-
vide some other and better method. If a step is
taken in that direction,and it is taken here, Imust
| say, with all deference, ignorantly and without
i considering it, it certainly cannot be deemed wise.
! If the system that has been adopted is not to be
I continued, I am certain the whole Senate would
i say some other ought to be seemed in its place.
I Not long since I met with the head of this pub.
| lication, the man who has it in charge, and I men.
I tioned to him the circumstance that I saw a prop-
