2022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
ures of this kind has been terminated, and the
gentleman cai^only discuss the propriety of his
particular amendment.
Mr. SIMMS. I understand that, and I wish
to approach that subject. The amendment that
I offer is one that affects the direct laboring in-
terest of the country—that is, the agricultural in-
terest of the country. The article of hemp is
produced by labor, and if there is anything in
this country that requires protection, the Govern-
ment should lend its strong arm to those who till
the* soil.
Well,sir,this article is one that enters into the
entire shipping interest of the country; into the
cotton interest of the country, and into the do-
mestic use of every family; and the humbler the
family, the more it enters into the consumption
of that family, because it is a cheap article of
clothing.
Now, I say, if gentlemen upon the other side
of the House are determined to press a tariff bill
that will bring, in less than two years, into the
Treasury of the United States $100,000,000, in
the name of reason*and justice let them pass it,
so that it will reach the laboring classes of the
community. This is one of the great interests
of the country. It is an interest in which the
northern and northwestern States—the State of
Kentucky, and especially the State of Missouri—
are more interested than in any other interest. I
remember, sir, one of the rhetorical flourishes of
the distingushed gentleman from Pennsylvania,
(Mr. Camphell,] at the commencement of this
session. Previous to the election of a Speaker,
he referred to his own State, with a high and
patriotic flourish, and said that she sat like a
queen, upon her mountains, with her iron crown
upon her head. Vet, sir, this same queen now
comes to the Congress of the United States, and
demands tribute from the toiling millions of the
whole South and Northwest, for the purpose of
protecting her iron interest, to sustain her upon
her throne. I recognize no audi right; and if
other interests are to bo neglected, I shall resist
flie demand.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. The, gentleman
from Kentucky seems to be dreadfully exercised
over the ihet that this tariff will bring into the
United States Treasury $100,000,000 m two years.
All I hare to say m reply to the gentleman is this:
(lint if we should get a full Treasury,all we shall
have to do, will be to elect another such admin-
istration as the present one, and they will soon
settle that difficulty. [Laughter ]
Mr. Siwm> *s amendment was rejected.
Mr. ninvU'IJREV. I move to amend the
fifteenth see,tion, by striking out in line six the
word "twenty," and inserting "one" in lieu
thereof; so that it will read:
On Manilla andothrr hcmp«of fmiin,one dollar per ton.
I expert, or hope, to be able to vote for this
bill. Although it seems tome to be extremely
defective, yet, as a whole, inasmuch as, for the
present at least, it seems to be the settled policy
of thin country to raise its revenue by protective
dutie*, f nvpcct to vote for the bill. But, Mr.
Chairman, 1 hope that gentlemen who are in favor
of the bill, and who have interested us for the last
two or three weeks by the descriptions they have
give j i of i ho wants of the manufacturing and of the
iigiieulturnf interests, will not utterly disregard
the wants of the commercial interests of the coun-
try. It is hard for those of us who represent a
cummeifhil constituency to vote for any bill of this
kind. We know that ail tariff bills m their gen-
eral drift operate against thecommereialmterests,
and we accept them as such: but when, in addi-
tion to the general drift of the bill, you discrimi-
nate from the beginning to the end of it against
every article that enters into the building ofships
and into the shipping interest, while every arti-
e!e that enters into the manufacturing anu agri-
cultural interests is protected, I warn gentlemen
that it is not to be expected that a tariff of this
s^rt wjII meet^the %vUhes or obtain the votes of
those who are interested in or represent commer-
cial sections of the country.
Now, sir, it has been correctly stated, that of
all the interests of the country, that which is the
most depressed at this tune, that upon which the
most money has been sunk and lost, is the com-
mercial interest. The value of the shipping of
the country has be^-n reduced from $200,000,000, i
cost price, to §100,000,000; and at this time it is
impossible for the commercial interest of the
country to make headway against the discrimina-
tions that are made by the Government against it.
and in favor of of almost every other interest. It
is a well-known fact that, by the skill, the inge-
nuity, and the genius of the shipwrights of this
country, they have improved so far upon the
models of other countries as to have created a com-
mercial marine as far in advance of the commer-
cial marine of forty years ago as that was in
advance of the galleys of Venice or the triremes
of Athens. Yet, notwithstanding all that, not-
withstanding our mechanics in this respect sur-
pass all others in the world, from the course our
Government has pursued towards that interest
no vessel can be built upon our shores which can
compete in cheapness with those built in other
countries.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I propose to amend in
thc*samc line, by inserting "two dollars" instead
of " twenty dollars."
Now, sir, the course which this Government
has pursued towards the commercial interests of
the country has already driven our ocean-going
steamers from the water.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a question of or-
der. I am very much interested m the speech
the gentleman is making, but I submit that he is
not confining himself to the amendment.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I beg the gentleman's
pardon. If he will listen to me for a moment, he
will see the pertinency of my argument.
Mr. BARKSDALL. It strikes me it is too
late for the gentleman to raise his question of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would hold that
it is not too late for a gentleman to call the gen-
tleman from New York to order for irrelevancy in
his remarks. The Chair, however, has not yet
heard enough to determine as to the~question of
order. The gentleman from New York will pro-
CtMr. HUMPHREY. The gentleman will see
whether it. is pertinent or not if lie will listen to
me for a moment. I was proceeding to say that
the course of this Government had been such to-
wards the commercial interest of the country as
to drive our steam vessels off the ocean; and now
the iron propellers that are built on the Clyde and
on the livers of France are about to do all the
carrying trade between this country and Europe,
with the nailing vessels built in England and
France, particularly in England
Now, sir, with this state of facts in reference
to the commercial and ship-building interest of
the country, you have a tariff proposed by the
Committee of Ways and Means in which I be-
lieve—and I will be corrected if such is not the
fact—every single article which goes into the con-
struction of a ship 
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman is mistaken.
No duty is fixed upon sheathing metal.
Mr. HUMPHREY. not copper taxed?
Mr. MORRILL. 1 imagine this country will
become the largest exporting country of.copper
m the world.
Mr. HUMPHREY. A gentleman near me
says that timber is not taxed. I find liereaclause
imposing a duty upon all unmanufactured wood,
and another on timber.
Mr. MORRILL. Under the reciprocity treaty,
the only country from which we receive timber
ior ship-building purpurea has the right to import
it duty free.
iMr. T rtlMPHREY. I do not know how much
regard has been hod to reciprocity treaties in this
bill.
But, sir, in reference to the article of cordage.
It lias been asserted, and not denied, that the arti-
cle ol cordage enters into competition with 110 pro-
ducer in tliis country; and that article is intro-
duced, I believe, under a lower duty in the law of
1857; but with those two exceptions of sheathing
metal and timber, I venture to say, you may
search the bill through and you will not find an-
other article entering into the construction of a
vessel that is not taxed, and taxed to such an ex-
tent that the efl'sct will be utterly to break down
and destroy the whole ship-building interest of
the country.
Now, sir, it Jiut been said upon this floor by
one gentleman, that if the commercial men of the
country cannot make a living, they can go into
more honest business. In other words, I suppose,
the gentleman would build aChinese wall by his
policy round this country. If we arc to carry out
his policy, let us adopt the Japanese system at
once. I trust the gentleman from Ohio, if a com-
mittee should be appointed to receive our friends
the Japan embassadors, Who are to come here
next week, will be appointed chairman of that
committee. I have no doubt he would have sweet
communion with his Japanese friends in reference
to the commercial interests of that country and
this; and if his policy is to prevail, we shall soon
have our ships brought to the standard of Chinese
junks.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to say a single word
in relation to this matter. In the substitute pro-
posed, the duty on Manilla hemp has been re-
duced to fifteen dollars per ton. I would not,
however, be willing to admit the proposition
which has been stated, that this hemp does not,
to some extent, come into competition with other
hemp. It does, to some extent. In the running
rigging of a vessel, Manilla hemp is used alone;
but this article is used for a great many other pur-
poses in which it would come into competition
with American hemp. The duty we propose is
a very moderate one, and does not raise the rate
of duty above the existing law at all.
Now, Mr. Chairman, in relation to.the effcct
protection will have upon commerce, I will re-
mark, that free trade goes upon the principle of
getting freights from abroad; but what, I ask you,
will our vessels have to carry abroad, unless our
agricultural and manufacturing interests are pro-
tected at homo ? If you protect our agriculture
and home manufactures, 1 believe, in a snort time,
your commcrce will become prosperous, by ob-
taining her freight at home to carry abroad; though
I do not deny, nor can it be denied, that the imme-
diate effects of a protective tariff will operate hardly
upon the commercial interests.
Mr. JENKINS. Do I understand the gentle-
man from Vermont to say that the effect of a pro-
tective tariff will be to foster commerce by send-
ing our products abroad ?
Mr. MORRILL. I will say to the gentleman
from Virginia that my statement was that the
immediate effect of a protective tariff would be
unfavorable to the interests of commerce; but
that in the future, when the manufactures of the
country, and the mining interests of the country,
become firmly established, I have no doubt that
our exports will sustain a large commerce.
Mr. Humphrey's amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to say a word in re-
ply to a remark made by the gentleman from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Morrill,] who reported this bill. I
understood him to say that a protective tariff
would only for a time operate injuriously to the
shipping interest of the country. A protective
tariff', sir, is compelled to operate injuriously to
the shipping interest so long as it is upon the stat-
ute-book. It is compelled to operate in restraint of
foreign commerce, and, of course, everything that
lessens the amount of foreign commerce must
operate against the shipping interest.
The gentleman admits that the first action of a
tariff of that sort would operate injuriously to the
shipping interest of the country, but he seems to
endeavor to convey the idea that after a while it
would be otherwise. A protective tariffis designed
to give protection to manufacturing interests at
home, by preventing or restraining importations
from abroad that otherwise would come in. To
the extent of prohibition or restraint upon im-
portations by this bill, to that precise extent will
the shipping interest of this country engaged in
foreign commerce be injured.
Not only is that true of the amount of imports,
but it is also true with reference to the amount of
exports of the country. The gentleman says that,
when you build up your manufacturing interests,
you will soon have something to send abroad.
How will you send articles abroad when you will
have no market forthem ? Who will do that, too,
when no return cargo can be obtained ? Will you
propose to send your produce abroad when you
Know that your laws prohibit the introduction of
the products of the very country to which you pro-
pose to send your products ? The gentleman can-
not seriously think of such a thing. He cannot
