1078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
be guilty of any wanton disrespcct to the Senate,
or to any member of it, or to any of its privileges,
its powers, or its functions. .No man entertains
a higher opinion of them than 1 do; and it is be-
cause I entertain these opinions, and bocause I
wish to see them entertained by the whole com-
munity, that I desire the Senate to be very care-
ful how they exercise even a doubtful power.
Now, I think I have answered the Senator from
Delaware fairly. The individual does deny your
jurisdiction distinctly, and, I think, placcs him-
self on high grounds that cannot be met; and 1
think if any of the lawyers of this body will read
the argument submitted by Mr. Sewall and Mr.
Andrew 
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will he answer? The
question is as to the second interrogatory. Is he
ready to answer now ?
Mr. HALE. I cannot tell tlf&t. He was an
hour or two ago, when his friend called on me,
[laughter,] and 1 presume he is yet. But let me
goon. I shall be very short. The Senator from
Virginia, however, intimates to me that he would
.rather hear that paper than my speech. [Laugh-
ter ] Very well.
Mr. MASON. "When I suggested that we
should arrest the reading of the paper, and look
to see what answer was given to the second ques-
tion, it was from no purpose in the world to sup-
press this paper, if it is a respectful one. I had
no knowledge of its character; but it was mani-
festly a long paper, and, as I said, a great deal of
it was an argument. My idea was simply this:
there were two questions put to him. The first
was, "What excuse have you for not obeying the
summonsof the committee ?" And the second was,
"Arc you now ready to answer?" The first part
of the paper was setting up his excuse, I presume;
but it is a very long excuse, and I suppose an
argumerHative one. What its character is, I am
utterly uninformed; but the suggestion 1 made
was this—to do no injustice to the witness or any-
body else: look to the'response to the second
intei rogatory, and if he now agrees to answer the
questions of the committee, release him from cus-
tody and bring him before the committee, and let
his excuse go go the world for what it is worth.
We have nothing to do with his excuses, if he is
going to answer the questions. If he says he will
not answer the questions, then I propose to do
one of two things: to save the power of the Sen-
ate, and leave the witness in custody, and refer
the paper to the committee, or let it be read in the
Senate. I have very often seen in my experience
in the Senate, as well as elsewhere, that in the
attempt to save time we fail in it, and consume a
great deal more. I ask that the answer to the
second question may be read; and after that, if the
Senate shall desire to hear the answer to the first
question, I have no objection.
Mr. TRCJMBULL. I think that we had better
dispose of the matter in the easiest and simplest
way. It seems to be a very long document. The
idea of sitting here to hear it read, it seems to me,
will not be very instructive to Senators, or very ad-
vantageous to any one; and I think the better course
would be to refer the paper to the committee, and
remand the witness into the custody of the Ser-
jeant-at-Arms until they have had time to examine
it, and see whether it is an answer or not. I do not
wish to sit here for an hour or two to hoar this
long argument read. We cannot well dispose of
it, it seems to me, while we are in session here,
i make the motion to refer the paper to the com-
mittee, and remand the witness to the custody of
the Sergeant-at-Arms until they shall have had an
opportunity to examine it, and see what further
action is necessary. It seems to me that that
would be the better course.
Several Senators. Print it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; I do not want it
printed, and 1 will state why I dono,twishit
printed. I must say that, for one, I do not think
it is very respectful to the Senate to come m here
with an argument covering three or four quires of
paper, in answer to a question as to what excuse
hollas for not appearing before a committee of
this body. I do not think that any court would
listen to it. I know my friend from New Hamp-
shire says that this is not to be compared to a
court; but I apprehend there is not a court in
America which, when it had sent out its process
against on individual for contempt, would listen
to an argument of three or four hours from the
witness, disputing its authority to send out its'
process. They would hear a statement of any
matter of fact going to excuse the witness. But,
sir, I do not wish to take up time. My object is
to get rid of this thing with as little parade as pos-
sible; and I think the easiest way to get rid of it
is to refer it to the committee, and let them determ-
ine what action ought to be taken.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to make a suggestion to
the Senator from Illinois on that point. Whilst
I concur with him in nearly everything he has
said, there is a difficulty which he seems to over-
look, that referring the paper to the committee
leaves the witness m the custody of the Sergeant-
at-Arms."* If he states in this paper that he is
ready to answer the questions of the committee,
I think it is but right he should be discharged;
and that, the Senate alone can do.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senators indulge me
a moment? If they will read the answer to the
second question, they will find that the witness
docs not propose to answer.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In reference to the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Mississippi, I think
it will be no great hardship for the witness, who
has put in an answer here that it will take an hour
or two to read, to remain in custody until there is
time to examine it. I think he would have no
right to complain.
Mr. KING. The object stated by most of the
Senators who have spoken seems to be to save
time. While I have no disposition that any more
time shall be occupied with this matter than is
necessary, I think there is something of principle
involved in the question of whether the respond-
ent has the right to have his answer road. I will
state to the Senate that he desires to have it read
as the answer to the interrogatories that were pro-
pounded to him. While my opinion is clear, with-
out doubt, as to the authority of the Senate, I
still think that the respondent has the right to
present Ins answer; and for that reason, without
any question as to time, I should be in favor
of having that answer read, and having the an-
swers to the two interrogatories read in the order
in which they are placed. In my opinion, that
is the easiest and shortest mode for the Senate to
possess itself of this matter, and be able to pro-
nounce finally upon it. If this subject goes to a
committee, it must come back to the Senate; and
the question will then be, after it has been brought
from the committee, precisely what it is now; and
the Senate must hear that paper, in order to be
able to pronounce its judgment upon it. I hope
that the paper will be read straight on, without
reference to what may be contained in it.
Mr. MASON. I think wo shall save time by
reading the paper. It will take an hour or two.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. MASON. I did not hear his motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is to refer the
paper to the select committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Unless my friend from
Illinois withdraw the motion that he has made, I
feel that I must enter my protest to the doctrine
which he has laid down. This man is brought
before the Senate to answer for contcmpt, and
the honorable Senator from Illinois seems to agree
with the idea advanced on the other side of the
House, that it is a greater contempt for him to
undertake to defend himself. Why, sir, what
is the shape m which these questions are put?
Rather out of order, I think. The first question
should have been whether ho was willing to an-
il swer. If he said no, his reason should have been
f demanded of him why he would not answer; but
|! they are placed in a different position.
j Now he comes in here, and taking the ques-
i tions precisely in the order in which they are put
j to him; he undertakes to give his reasons, and
j the Senator from Delaware says that it is a plea
i to the jurisdiction; that is to say, he denies that
| we have any authority to bring him before us or
! to put questions to him; and my friend, the Seft-
ator from Illinois, seems to sustain the idea of the
Senator from Delaware. Why, sir, it is a very
new notion to me, that m any court it j.s a con-
tempt to pkad to the jurisdiction, and I have yet
to learn that any court so considers it.
My friend speaks of it as an infliction upon us,
that this man should have undertaken to argue
his own case in writing and under oath, on ac-
i count of the length of his argument; and he pro-
poses to refer it to the committee to inquire. Why,
sir, the committee is not the judge. The commit-
tee has reported the fact to the "Senate, that the
man did not appear and answer. The Senate or-
dered him to be brought—not before the commit-
tee, but before the Senate—togiv^e theieasonswhy
he did not answer the committee, the oigan of the
Senate. Now, when he comes before the Senate
to answer to that ,}>ody which he has offended—
for I take it the committee is not the dignified
court that has the right to arrest men and bring
them here, from different sections of the country,
to the Senate—when he comes before us to argue
his own cause, as every man has a right to do
under any circumstances, who is arraigned and
whom it is proposed to punish, the answer is—
from both sides of the House it would seem—that
it is a gross contempt of the court—if you choose
to regard the Senate as a court—to take up its
time m telling the reasons why he is not willing
to answer; and my friend observes that there is
no court in the world that would submit to it. I
apprehend that if my friend was on the bench,
which he once dignified nnd adorned, and a man
was brought before him under the same circum-
stances, he would say," Sir, before I adjudge upon
your case, I am ready to hear all you have to say,
not only with regard to the thing itself, but with
regard to my power to bring you before me." If
he'did not, he would deny him justice.
Now, sir, I say no matter if every word of this
answer has been published and laid on our tables,
it is not known that we have all read it.
Mr. MASON. I never saw it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Vir-
ginia never saw it.
Mr. MASON. I never saw it, except on the
outside of the paper. I did not see it on my table.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have seen it and read
it; but, from the * very .nature of the case, I was
obliged to read it hastily. This man, who is
now before us—and we have a right to consider
him innocent at present—undertakes to say in writ-
ing why he has taken the course he has, and in
respectful terms. Shall not his defense be read,
no matter how much time it may take ? It is not
unfrequently the case that men appear by counsel,
and counsel arc permitted to mal^e long arguments
in defense, where a man cannot answer properly
for himself. Such a proceeding as is now sug-
gested here would overturn the very first principles
oflaw and justice everywhere, to undertake to say
| that he shall not be heard, and fully, too, especially
in the way that we have pointed out to him, in
writing and under oath, and as well to our juris-
diction as to any other question that uui be
brought before the Senate. I am veiy glad that
the Senator from Virginia appears to perceive the
entire propriety of the thing, and to understand
thatwc, as a body, judging in our own case,
claiming to have been offended, should at least
hear before we strike, and hear all that the man
is disposed to say.
With regard to myself, I have gone along with
the committee and with the Senate, and voted for
this proceeding fr em the beginning. I took it for
granted that we had the jurisdiction, that we had
the light to enforce obedience to our summons;
but, sir, I will say, that since I have read that ar-
gument, and more particularly since I ha?ve thought
and read more than that argument on the subject,
I tell Senators that there is doubt, and in this par-
ticular case very serious doubt, whether we aie not
exercising a jurisdiction that we have no right to
exercise; and it is as well for us to hear. Sen-
ators must know that this very question with re-
gard to the power of Congress, or of either branch,
in such eases, is a question that has been mooted
heretofore in this country, and it is a question
upon which the greatest minds in this country,
that have gone before us, have been divided. The
jurisdiction has been maintained in several cases,
always maintained in cases of a particular descrip-
tion; but I have been unable to find a precedent
in this country, in Congress, where, in a case of
this kind, (where we make the case and then
summon the witness, and where it has not been
made for us and forced upon u§,) power such as is
claimed here has been exercised. I do not say it
does not exist. The inclination of my mind is
still that it may be defended, that it may be sus-
tained; but I tell Senators that everything that can
be said on that subject is worth hearing, especially
in a question involving the liberty of one of our
