1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
^18,000 for the incidental expenses of the Surveys
in California for the coming year; and you appro-
priate §20,000 with which-to execute the surveys.
That is, you propose to pay $20,000 in that dis-
trict to prosecute the surveys, and you pay the
surveyor general and his clerks $18,000, being an
amount almost equal to the appropriation for the
district. And so I find it in the districts of the
other surveyors general; but I will not detain the
Senate by reciting them.
In the district which the Senator from Maine
proposes to add to-anothcr district, the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office asks for an ap-
propriation of §30,000 to make surveys, and the
incidental expenses are shown to be but §8,300.
I have no wish that that district shall be continued
any longer than the public interest requires it;
and hence, at the conclusion of the coming fiscal
year, if, in the opinion of the Secretary of the
interior, the public interests then no longerrequire
the continuation of that office, I am willing that
that district shalt be abolished and added to the dis-
trict of Minnesota. I hope the amendment I have
suggested will be adopted, and then I shall inter-
pose no objection to the adoption of the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Maine.
Mi-: FESSENDEN. My object was to save
money, the expenditure of which seemed to be
useless. I understand that this district does not
include Dakota at all, for it is not formed as a
Territory yet. That leaves about nineteen thou-
sand dollars to be expended for the purpose of
su rveys in the district as it stands, and the amount
appropriated here for the payment of the officers
who are to make these surveys is between eight
and nine thousand dollars. 1 am governed en-
tirely by the report that is made to us from the
proper office, that there is really nothing left to
do in the State of Iowa. They have no more
lands to survey. The township lines are all run,
and the subdivisional lines nearly so. I under-
stand it is a matter of fact, not disputed, that the
few townships left in Wisconsin are nearer to
Minnesota than they are to Iowa.
Now, sir, what in the world is the use of keep-
ing up this office for another year; and why cannot
we judge on the state of facts given to us as well
as the Secretary of the Interior, or the gentleman
at the head of the Land Office ? We know they
do not often recommend the abolition of offices.
I want to get rid, as fast as possible, of the corps
of officeholders in the different States which are
kept up for no proper purpose. I suppose it is a
sort of duty of my friend from Iowa to oppose
my proposition, because he lives in Iowa, and he
is bound to speak in such a case. I do not blame
him for that; but I really think I might well be
willing to put it to the conscience of either of the
Senators to say, on their honor, whether they
think this office ought to be continued. Why
does mv.frieiid want to put it off for a year ? He
thinks the business can be wound up better by that
time, and the thing will be known and understood.
It is only a question of paying very nearly ten
thousand dollars for the sake of having it wound
up gently. That is all. I think it is hardly worth
■ while to do that.
Mr. HARLAN. I will say, in reply to the
Senatorfrom Maine, that I was originally opposed
to the establishment of a new surveyor general's
office in Minnesota. I believed at the time, as I
stated to the Senate, that one surveyor general
could superintend the whole work as well as two.
I have no doubt of that; but the reasoning of the
Senator from Maine will apply to the office in
Minnesota as strictly as in Iowa, and will apply
with as much force to the three districts on the
Pacific coast. So in relation to other districts on
this side. In my judgment, the surveys could be
prosccuted at much less expense if there were
fewer surveyors general than there are. All I
object to is to making this strike at Iowa at this
time, without any notice to the officers there,
when the deputy surveyors are in the field. I am
quite sure the Senator from Maine is mistaken
about the quantity of land yet unsurveyed in
Wisconsin. I hold in my hand the estimates of
the Department, and they recommend that on this
side of the Rooky Mountains there shall be ex-
pended during the coming year $68,000 for sur-
veys, and of these §68,000 they recommend the
following apportionment: in Minnesota, $20,000;
Wisconsin, $16,000; Iowa, S3,000; Minnesota
or Dakota Territory^8,000; Louisiana, §10,000;
Illinois and Missouri, $2,000; Florida, $6,000;
and then, incidental expenses for surveying in
the district of Iowa and Wisconsin, jP,000~in
all $68,000. Of that §68,000, which they estimate
to be expended in all these districts during the
coming year, p0,000 of it is estimated for the
district that the Senator proposes to abolish, to
destroy, or add to another district. Nearly one
half of the entire estimate of the Secretary of the
Interior is for the district that the Senator pro-
poses shall hereafter, after the 30th of this month,
m the course of the next ten or fifteen days, he
attached to the small district of Minnesota. I am
willing that the office shall be abolished, and the
district added to some other district as soon as in
the opinion of the Secretary of the Interior the
public interests require it; but it is manifest from
his report here that there are more surveys to be
done in this district during the coming year than
in any other one district on this side of the Rocky
Mountains. I call for the yeas and nays on my
amendment to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. I have only a word to say in
regard to this matter, and that is in response to
the interrogatory propounded to the Senators from
Iowa by the Senator from Maine. He called upon
them to answer upon their consciences whether
they believed there was any necessity for the con-
tinuance of this officc now. I shall be very frank
with that Senator and the Senate, and I will say
that at the expiration of one year from this time
I do not believe there will be, so far as the sur-
veying of land in the State of Iowa is concerned.
Mr^FESSENDEN. Do you believe there is
now?
Mr. GRIMES. My colleague is on the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and is more familiar with
this subject than I am, and I understand him to
say that there arc surveyors now in the field who
have contracts with the surveyor general and ex-
pect to make their returns to this particular office.
If that is so, it seems to me it is not acting ill good
faith to those deputy surveyors to require them to
go to St. Paul to make their returns rather than to
make them to Dubuque, which was implied in
their contract at the time they made it.
But I will go beyond this matter, Mr. President,
and I will say to the Senator from Maine, that
not only will this office soon be useless, but there
are a great many other offices in my State, that
are utterly useless, and ought to be abolished.
We have half a dozen—I speak without knowing
the precise number—custom-houses in our State,
fifteen, sixteen, or eighteen hundred miles above
tide-water, where we have surveyors of ports to
whom this Government is paying annual salaries
of six oreight hundred dollars a year. Wehavc,
too, a great many other offices, besides this of sur-
veyor general, which will not only become useless
in a year, but have ever been useless and are useless
now, and will ever continue to be useless. I un-
derstood from the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce at the commencement of the session,
that that committee was about to introduce a bill
to abolish these offices. I have been waiting very
patiently during the entire session in the hope'that
some of the gentlemen on the other side who' are
so much outraged at the profligate expenditures
of the Republican party, would introduce a bill
abolishing these offices. We have, in the town,
m which 1 have the honor to reside, a marine
hospital, which was built at very considerable ex-
pense to the Government, which never had a pa-
tient in it, and in all human probability never will
have a patient in it. It ought to be abolished.
I am not anxious tliat these offices shall be re-
tained in my State. I am not anxious that the
Federal Government shall own property there.
If I had my way, I would not have the Federal
Government own a foot of ground in the State ot
Iowa. I do not wish the State to be dotted over
with Government offices and Government build-
ings, and filled with Federal officers. I do not
wish the General Government to be aggrandized
at the expense of the States; and if necessary, I
would limit the latter in antagonism to the former.
I am astonished at the Senator from Georgia, and
some of the other Senators, who saw fit yesterday
to denounce gentlemen on this side as being in
favor of profligate expenditures, that they have
not introduced a bill here to abolish the little tri-
fling custom-houses scattered all along up the
Ohio, the Missouri, and the Mississippi rivers,
several of which are in my State, and, indeed', in
every State in that part of the Union: •
But there are other offices likewise, and, I thitfk,
some in the State of Maine, which, according to
a report which has been laid on our table during
the session, are not exceedingly valuable and re-
munerative to the Government. I am not able
now to specify the particular names of the offices;
but I think there are some, the receipts of which
do not come up to the amount annually paid to
the officers. I am not using this as an argument
why this office should not be abolished. I think
it ought to be abolished at the end of a year, and
I am willing to vote"with the Senator from Maine,
and abolish it thfen; but while he is reforming my
country, I hope he will turn his attention to the
State of Maine; and whilst Senators on the other
side are denouncing gentlemen on this side for
being profligate, or being corrupt, or being anx-
ious that the public Treasury should be drained
for the purpose of supporting unnecessary o'fficfers
and offices, I hope they will introduce a bill by
which these numerous offices will be abolished,
and these numerous officers discharged.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friends from Iowa
have used two arguments in favor of keeping this
along for a year. My appeal to their honor and
consciences is dodged by both of them. I cannot
get any response to that, except the statement
that, on their conscience, they think it ought to be
done at the end of the year; but you cannot get
them to say that they think it ought not to bedone
now. I want to save some $10,000. One of the
arguments is, that it would be rather inconveni-
ent to the surveyors to make their returns to St.
Paul, and therefore we had better let this office
continue for a year, and save a little expense to -
them. The other argument is, that there are a
great many offices that ought to be abolished.
lleally that is no answer at all. I admit that
there are a great many more that ought to beabol-
ished; but when the proposition is made to abol-
ish one office which is shown, clcarly and indis-
putably, so that the Senators cannot deny it them-
selves and do not wish to deny it, to be entirely
useless, an expense for nothing, is the reply al-
ways to be made: " there are agreat many otliers;
why do you not move on those; why take this
first?"
Now, sir, with regard to the custom-houses ill
Maine, several of them, I have long been of opin-
ion, ought to be abolished; and, so far as I could,
a movement has been made with regard to that
subject, by which the Secretary of the Treasury
was authorized to discontinue the offices where
they were of nouseand^alue. What he has done
about it I do not know, but I am waiting for the
Committee on Claims to move in that matter. My
colleague knows more than 1 do on that subject,
of course; but thiscase struck me; there is no dis-
pute about it; the Senators from Iowa do not dis-
pute it, but they ask to put it off for a year. I
should beveryglad to accommodate theSenators,
but I see that they ask it merely for the purpose
of appearing to make fight, and saving themselves
at home. I think they have done enough on that
subject, and I think we may as well save the
money.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want to say a word to my
friend from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes] in relation to a
little document which I see be is now very busily
engaged in examining; because, when men are
better informed, they will always act more intelli-
gently on all subjects. Our revenue service con-
sists of two classes—a collecting and a preventive
force. You may have, from the necessity of the
case, a collection district on your borders where
not one farthing of revenue is collected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have several such.
Mr. HAMLIN. But where the opportunities
for smuggling to any amount exist, if you have
no preventive force there. It is also true that
collection districts are established for another pur-
pose than the protection of the revenue, to wit:
the facility of commerce. There may be large
quantities of commerce in a given territory upon
which, according the laws of your country, ail
sorts of papers must issue; and when you spread
out over a whole State a single district, you may
compel a man to travel hundreds of miles to make
the oath in older simply to get the papers of his
vessel changed; and they must always be changed
whenever there is any change of ownership. All
these things go to show that you cannot regulate
