2024
THE COTOKESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
and on better terms than any other quarter of the
world; and whether she could or not, Virginia has
never demanded protection for herself at the ex-
pense of her sister States of the Union. I admire
the manliness with which the gentleman from Illi-
nois has avowed his desire to have a protective
duty; in other words, 1 admire the boldness with
which he has declared his purpose to tax the great
masses of the people of this country—to tax the
thousands of his constituents for the benefit of the
favored few who are to enjoy this protection. I
adjnire the boldness which proclaims to the Dem-
ocratic people of the United States the desire to
oppress the many for the benefit of the few. Sir,
what is the meaning of this whole tariff bill, if it
be not that ? There is scarcely a pretense that it
is not that. It is not to increase the revenue of
the Government. The chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means has shown that the legit-
imate expenses of the Government cannot be more
than $50,000,000 a year—some gentleman says
$60,000,000; but, in either case, a sum far less
than the present tariff will produce. There is,
then, no pretense that this is a revenue measure.
No, sir; it is simply and purely a protective meas-
ure; and one which many of its advocates on this
floor hope will be defeated in the Senate.- They
do not desire to see such a protective tariff as this
ever enacted into a law. The manufacturers of
New England, who are established, do not wish
it, for they are all able to live without; and it will
have the effect ultimately of injuring- their inter-
ests.
So far as coal and iron are concerned, the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. JKillikger,] at
the very outset of the session, before the House
was organized, tendered a bribe to facilitate the
desired action of the Government in reference to
the protection of those articles. 1 say this tariff
is not wanted for protection, and it is intended by
u large portion of its advocati-a upon this floor,
merely as elections ring capital, to be used at tin-
Chicago convention—depending upon the Demo-
cratic majority in the other end of the Capitol to
defeat it. They advocate it as a part of tin- sys-
tem of government prevailing very generally at the
North, by which their Legislatures, their caucus-
es, their committees, are controlled by moneyed
influence, by which the power over the many is
exercised by the few. In the South, the system
is different. In the South the great Democratic
element rules. We are for equal protect inn, equal
rights, and equal bounties to all classes. We are
more democratic in this respect than even demo-
cratic. England, or imperial France. But while
the whole eivili^-d woild, the whole of Christen-
dom, is marching forward towards the gn at polit-
ical consummation of free trade, by which the
benefits of government shall not be all for the
favored few at the expense of the toiling millions,
on the contrary, in the northern portion of this
Republic, under the in fluenee of universal suffrage,
which so generally prevails, the whole power of
Government is rapidly beingconeentrated into the
hands oftheeorporations, lordsof the loom, which
control the opinions of men, and use their power
to grind down the operatives to the lowest depths
of degradation, and which control your politics,
by the aid of corruption and moneyed influence.
And it is these men who have now a committee
in this House, for the purpose of ferreting out the
corruptions of the present Administration.
Your laboiing milliAnsgroan beneath their op-
pression. They strike for better wages; but your
capitalists combine to crush them down, ana the
only element which is there to withstand this
march of despotism is the gallant Democratic
party, but which has been overborne by the Re-
publican ranks.
[Here the hammer fell.] *
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I propose to in-
crease the duty to 33per cent.
Now, Mr. Cha irman, in what I said about old
Virginia I had no idea of stirring up the bile of
my friends from that State.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
If we am* to be kept at this late hour for a vote
upon this bill, I insist that the Chairman shall en-
force the rules of order. I think the gentleman
from Illinois has no right to withdraw his amend-
ment and then offer another.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood the
gentleman to have the unanimous consent of the
committee to withdraw his amendment; and hav-
ing withdrawn it, the Chair knows of no rule
which would prevent him from offering another.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. As I have but
five minutes5 discussion, under the rules, 1 trust
that this interruption will-not be taken out of my
time; because I wish to say a word in reply to
the gentleman from Virginia, and then to address
myself to the subject of the amendment which I
have proposed. I was saying that I regretted
that I stirred up the pious wrath of my friend
from Virginia, [Mt.Garnett;] and if I have said
anything m his laudation which he did not like,
I will take it back. [Laughter.] But, sir, if the
gentleman from Virginia were as anxious to de-
velop the great wealth—the mineral wealth, the
agricultural wealth, and the laboring wealth—of
his own mineral hills and mountains as I am to
develop that of the Prairie State, there would be
no controversy between us. But, sir, he speaks
in bad taste to my constituents when he charges
me with not having the interests of the laboring
men at heart. I yield to no man on this floor in
my devotion to the interests of the laboring men
of my State.
But, sir, I was saying, when my time expired
before, that we were sending out our produce to
Pennsylvania, to the South, and to New Eng-
land. We send droves of cattle, we send thou-
sands and tens of thousands of barrels of poik,
and we send millions of barrels of flour. I say,
therefore, that we receivc an equivalent for the
protection which we afford to Pennsylvania and
to New England upon their manufacture of iron
and wool; and so do the South, in the enhanced
price of cotton and sugar.
But, sir, I must hasten to the point to which
I wished more particularly to bring the attention
of this committee, winch is, that the protection
which we ask shall be extended to the manufac-
ture of pottery is asked for the benefit of the man-
ufacturers of that article in my own State. Sir,
we buy millions of dollars'woith of Great Biitain,
not only the costly wares, but e\ery description
of crockery; and it is in view of that that I ask
this protection to be extended to our home man-
ufacture of this article. I ask it in view more
especially of a large establishment, which is in
process of erection within my own district for the
manufacture of this article, if I am not mistaken,
larger than any now in existence in this country.
I want to produce a mai ket at home for our own
productions, and to give to the labor of our toil-
ing millions a higher price, a higher standard and
a greater inducement than has been given hereto-
fore. In the city of Peoria, which I have the
honor to represent upon this floor, there is to-day
a company with a capital of ^300,000 who are
huildmg an establishment for the manufacture of
pottery, which will give employment to some
fifteen hundred persons; and July next, they will
bring out as fine ware as ever was produced in
the United States. They manufacture it from the
elay found in our own State. They have found
the material necessary for making as fine an ar-
ticle as comes into our market. I wish I had a
specimen here, to exhibit to you, that I have at
my room. Now, sir, what we want is to do our
work at home; to manufacture our own aiticles
ourselves; and it is to encourage these manufac-
turers to come to the West, to come to the State
of Illinois, that I am for a protective tariff; and
it is upon the same principle that I am in favor of
giving protection to all the industrial interests of
the country.
Mr. JENKINS. Ijpotild not help being im-
pressed by the fact stated by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Kellogg,] that his people had paid
millions toward the revenue of this Government,
and especially in the duty upon iron.
Mr. KELllOGG, of Illinois. I also said that
for that burden we were compensated, and that
the favors and burdens were equalized. I admit
that taxation is a burden, but it is equalized by
inducing the production of a variety of commodi-
ties, and conduces to their interchange and ex-
change, upon which is founded the prosperity of
the country. *
Mr. JENKINS. It seems to me that gentle-
men are driven to their last resource when they
inveigh against the people being heavily taxed
and then say that the people have an equivalent
for it. I think that is a giving up of the whole
question. And I could not help reflecting, when
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Kellogg] stated
the millions in the way of taxes that his people
have paid on railroad iron, that he is a guilty party
in belonging to and voting with a party that not
only insists" in keeping a duty upon that iron, but
in constantly increasing the duty. If he would
he could, with the assistance of someothersof hia
friends, give his people and all the people of the
United States cheap railroad iron.
This morning, sir, when at my breakfast table,
in reading the papers, my eye fell accidentally
upon the following:
" Illinois Politics.
"Chicago, May 8.—Hon. William Kellogg has been r(*-
nommated by the Demociats tor Congress lrorn the fourth
district."
[Laughter.]
Mr. Chairman, it would be impossible for mc to
describe the gratification that that paragraph gave
me. I recalled with pleasure the gentleman's more
liberal antecedents. I experienced personal pleas-
ure at the ne>fts. It may have been observed that
all day I have been looking with a pleasant smile
in the direction of the gentleman's place in the
Hall. It was a matter of deep regret to me when
1 learned, from the speech which he made a few
moments ago, that 1 was altogether mistaken, and
that the paragraph I had read was inaccurate. But
Ephraim is joined to his idols, and we have to let
him alone.
I desire, Mr. Chairman, to remind my friend of
another fact, when he chooses to reflect upon what
ho considers the poverty of Virginia, 1 want to
remind him, when he talks of the heavy taxes
paid by his people in duty on iron rails, that there
is scarcely a mile of these rails that is not laid
down upon land which was received as the gift
of charity.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I wish to have
permission of the committee to say a word.
Mr. BRANCH. I object, for the reason that
I do not want to be kept here to a late hour to-
night, as seems to be the disposition of the other
side.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The gentleman
from Virginia has read from a newspaper the an-
nouncement that I was renominated for Congress
by the Democratic party .of my district. If it be
true that I have been so renominated, it shows
that the party, at least in my district, have exhib-
ited right good sense; and it is a clear indication
of returning reason and sound judgment. I pre-
sume, however, that the fact is that I was renom-
inated by the Republicans.
Mr. BRANCH. I object to being kept here to
give an opportunity to the gentleman from Illi-
nois to discuss his renomination, and who made
it, or for the purpose of hearing him advertise a
jug company in his district. [Laughter.]
Mr. M1LLSON. I move to substitute fifteen
per cent.
Mr. Chairman, as a member of the Committee
of Ways and Means, it bccamc my duty to ex-
amine the provisions of this bill with some carc;
and doubtless the members of the House whose
only exponents or representatives in that com-
mittee were the gentlemen from Missouri, [Mr,
Piielps,] the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Crawford,] and myself, had aright to expect
that we should, in the progress of "the bill, give
to the committee the results of our examination.
I have attempted to do so with as little consump-
tion of the time of the committee as possible; but
1 do not think that I will trouble it further after I
have said a word or two.
It is difficult to ascertain precisely to ^kiat ex-
tentthese duties will raise the revenue. The duties
are one cent per square foot on a certain kind of
glass, two cents on another kind, and three cents
on another kind, and so on. From the best cal-
culation I can make on the subject, I cannot resist
the conclusion that the protective duty on the
article of glass will amount to two or three hun-
dred per cent. I hardly think that my friend from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill] will differ from mc in
that conclusion. I think that I am right in saying
that the increase of duty here is some three hun-
dred per cent.
Having said thus much of the character of tho
proposed amendments, I desire to contrast them
with British legislation. By the British tariff a
duty is imposed on flint cut glass, flint-celored
