1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ho appointed commissioners, and that valuation
was stated as against the valuation of tfce city
authorities, and it summed up about twenty-five
million dollars for the city, and about twenty-five
million dollars for the Government and upon that
this idea of getting up a joint police—the Govern-
ment paying one half, and the city the other half
—was based.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator is talking about
the valuation of property as assessed by some-
body who was authorized to assess the public
buildings, probably at what they cost. I am talk-
ing about the area of territory that is owned by
private individuals, corresponding with the area
of territory that is owned hy the United States;
and I undertake to say that the Government of
the United States, within the jurisdiction of the
city of Washington, does not own one fiftieth
part of the area that is owned by individuals.
The Senator says we ought to levy a tax upon
-the people of my county, the people of my State,
and of every State in the Union, in order to sup-
port the police force here in this city, because the
Government of the United States owns certain
real estate here that is valuable. It is the very
fact that we have expended such large amounts
of money, and have made this property valuable
that renders the other property so valuable; and
yet we tax ourselves doubly: first, by making tiie
improvements upon the reservations, which are
public grounds, for the benefit of the people of
Washington, and which they use more than any-
body else, more than we; and then, because we
h&vp expended such vast amounts on these public
grounds and public buildings so as to render them
valuable, wc arc asked to tax ourselves. That is
the amount of the argument. But the Senator's
argument proves too much when he says we
ought to do this because we own so much prop-
erty in this city. Why does lie not apply his
rule to the whole District of Columbia? Why
does he not furnish a police force to the city of
Georgetown ?
Mr. BROWN. Bccause the Government owns
no property in Georgetown.
Mr. GRIMES. TheScnatorintroduced a prop-
osition the other day to light the streets in George-
town, and I understood it to bo predicated on the
fact that we owned some of the streets in that
city.
Mr. BROWN. No.
Mr. GRIMES. If we did not, then I should
like to know on what basis it was that the Senator
predicated that proposition? What authority have
we to go into Georgetown, and light the streets
there, owned by that corporation, any more than
we have to go into the city of Baltimore, and light
the streets of that jurisdiction? We certainly have
some jurisdiction in the District, I apprehend; and
why docs not the Senator furnish a policc for^e
there? The furnishing of this policc force to this
city seems to me violative of every principle; and
it is another evidence of the fact that this Gov-
ernment is gradually drawing to itself more and
more power, and in the end this police force will
swell up from one hundred men to its thousands,
and become a guard to any man who may under-
take to assume the control of this Government.
I call for the yeas and nays on the motion to re-
consider.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Crittenden, Doolittle, Durkec, Grimes,
Ifamlm, Harlan, King, Trumbull, and Wade—9.
NAYS—Mi w- . limgbam, Biagg, Brown, Cameron,
Ohnsnian, Dixon, Fe^enden. Fitch. Fitzpatucfc, Foot,
Foster. Green, Gwm, Hammond, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson
of Arkansas, Lane, Latham, Malloiy, Mason, Nicholson,
Pearce, Pugb, Uico, Salisbury, Smnnrr, Thomson,Toombs,
Wilkinson, Wilson, and Yulcc—32.
So the motion to rcconsider was not agreed to.
Mr. GREEN. I offer this amendment, which
is l'ecommended by the Committee on the Judici-
ary:
And the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized
to pay, out of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
appiopnatcd, sueii amount as may by hiin be legaided as
leasonable and jiut for the ient of the rooms occupied
by the United State* courts at Los Angeles, California,
from the 27th of Octobei, 1854, to the 5th ot August, 1856.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. I anrinstruc.ted by the Com-
mittee on Claims to offer a portion of an amend-
ment that was offered to a former bill, to provide
for carrying out treaty stipulations. The matter
that was objected to as notcoming within the treaty
has been stricken out; and now I propose this
amendment:
Sec. —• Jind be it further enacted, That, to provide for
the laithful execution of the lourth article of the treaty
with Great Britain of the 9th August, 3842, and to secure
the releases mentioned in said treaty, the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed to pay, out of any
money in the Tieasury not otherwise appropriated, to Cath-
arine C. Ward, of Roxbury, Massachusetts, and Laura A.
Stebbins, of Bangor, Maine, each, the sum of $3,353; and
to James A. Drew, of Chelsea, Massachusetts, and Kufus
Mansur, ofHoulton, Maine, each, the sum of $6,737 ; and
to Edmund Monroe, of Boston, the sum of $10,155; and to
Benjamin Scwall,of Boston,the sum of $3,385: Provided,
That the above named Waul, Steblnns, Drew, and Man-
sur, holding title si to the Eaton grant, and the said Drew
and Mailsur, holding titles to the cast half of Plymouth
township, and the said Monroe and SevvaH, holding titles
to the west half of Plymouth township, shall lespeetively
execute, or cause to be executed, releases as required by
the fourth article of said treaty, to the parties holding
" possessory" or equitable possessory claims" to the s-aid
lands under paid treaty, as appears of record in the land of-
fice of Maine—and that it appear to the satisfaction of the
land agent of said State, that such releases do confine and
quiet the title to such lawK a* required by the treaty/: Jind
provided also, That if there shall be a partial failure to make
or piocure such releases as herein pr jvidcd, a proportional
deduction shall be made fiom the compensation herein
provided.
Mr. HUNTER. Is not this the amendment
that was ruled out of order on the miscellaneous
bill ?
Mr. SIMMONS. That portion of it which re-
lated to timber is striken out. So it brings in
nothing but what was withm the fourth articlc of
the treaty, to quiet the possessory title of the
people that were there. There arc a hundred and
fifty people there without a title,and these claim-
ants are willing to give the title if the proposition
brought in by the Committee on Claims is agreed
to; and if they do not give a release, they cannot
have the money; so that it is strictly within the
rules.
Mr. BRAGG. I raise a point of order upon
the reception of this amendment. In order to
make myself understood, it is necessary that I
should state the aggregate amount which the
amendment proposes to pay to these men. I re-
quested one of the gentlemen at the desk to make
out the amount, and it is $33,714. I have been
very much surprised to hear my friend from
Rhode Island say that the whole of this sum is
to be appropriated to extinguish the titles to land
which he considers to come within the provisions
of the fourth article of the treaty of 1842. I thought
my friend understood very well that one half this
claim was for land damages. This whole matter
was discussed before the Committee on Claims,
and this amount, $33,714, allowed for eight thou-
sand acres of land and upwards; and my friend,
I think, will very well know, when I call his at-
tention to it, that two dollars is allowed for the
value of the land, and two dollars for damages.
Mr. SIMMONS. Two dollars for the timber
on the land?
Mr. BRAGG. Two dollars for the timber
taken off the land; and that very bill which the
Senator from Rhode Island reported from the
Committee on Claims, and which I have now be-
fore me, in the first section proposes to pay these
parties the sum which I have here in the aggre-
gate before me, specified in the twelfth and thir-
teenth lines that it should be " in full compensa-
tion for three thousand three hundred and fifty
acres of land, including the timber previously
taken therefrom'/' that is,previous to the making
of the treaty; and yet, sir, my friend from Rhode
Island now says that this is only a payment for
the land. Why, sir, it is the very same question
that was raised the other day; and I say to the
Senate jiow, not wishing to consume their time,
that while I do not believe any part of this claim
is within the treaty of 1842, while I believe the
whole of it is outside of that treaty, and ought
not to be allowed by Congress, yet I am not dis-
posed to discuss thi v question now. Rut look at
this matter on its very face. I hold here the re-
port of the agent sent to examine these claims,
and he states that two dollars an acre was the
value of the land, and two dollars was estimated
to be the value of the timber which had been taken
off previously to the making of the treaty. The
Senator from Rhode Island assents. Therefore,
one half of this claim is for land damages, as I
stated the other day.
We had the same question before the Senate, j
and it was decided. There was an appeal from I
the Presiding Officcr at that time, and the Senate
sustained him in ruling the amendment out of or-
der. It amply appears from all the evidence wKich
I have before me in the report of the agent sent
by this body to examine into thesp claims, from
the report made by the commissioners of Maine
to the Legislature of Maine, that two dollars was
the supposed value of the land for which a claim
is set up here, and that two dollars in addition, it
was said, ought to be paid on account of timber
which had been taken off prior to the year 1839,
though the treaty was not made until 1842. I say
this identical question was raised the other day,
the proposition was ruled out of order, and the
decision of the Chair was sustained by on appeal
to the Senate. I hope, therefore, the point of or-
der will be sustained again which I have made. I
will say further, as a reason why I think it ought
to be sustained, and weget rid of this matter,that
the whole thing is a very complicated one> and I
shall feel itcmy duty to go into the merits of the
case if it comes before the Senate, because, as I
have already stated, i do not believe any part of
this claim ought to be paid by the United States;
but I do not care to do so now, because I think
the point of order which was made the other day
is a valid one.
Mr. SIMMONS. I shall not debate this mat-
ter 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) As a pointof orderis raised, the ques-
tion whether this amendment be in order or-not,
under the 30th rule, depends upon the fact whether
it is in pursuance of an existing law or treaty
stipulation. That does not present a question
for the Chair to decide as a question of order; but
where a question of order is raised under this
rule on a proposition like this, it is proper to sub-
mit to the Senate whether the amendment shall
be received under the rule. That is the question
for the Senate now to dccide, whether the pro-
posed amendment shall be received under the
rule?
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator says the bill that
I reported stated that one half the sum was for
timber. These people took possession of this land,
when the jurisdiction was in abcyancc by an ar-
rangement between the two nations, with the tim-
ber on it, and they cut the timber off and carried
it off. When the man was sent there to estimate
the value of the land, he put the price of the tim-
ber at two dollars an acre, and the price of the
land that was still there without timber at two
dollars. That made four dollars. Now, the Sen-
ator says, this timber was cut off before 1839.
These men were there while the jurisdiction of
Maine was suspended before 1839, and when
Maine would have expelled them, but for the
troops of the United States.
The Senator says that as to the other tracts
spoken of, the titfe is still in the present owners,
and they only want pay for the timber taken off.
That was under a diplomatic arrangement, and it
might not come within the rule prescribed in the
rule book, which says it must be under a u treaty."
I consider that when it is under a diplomatic ar-
rangement it comes within the meaning of the
rule. This amendment, however, now comes
distinctly within the rule, for the fourth article of
the treaty provides for this very thing. And this
is the amount of the land in the possession of
those actual settlers—settlers that went on there
as trespassers provided Maine had the jurisdic-
tion; but the right of Maine to expel them was
superseded and controlled by the Government of
the United States. Therefore they held posses-
sion; and in making this treaty, in order to deal
justly and liberally with them, it was agreed that
their possessory title should be good, and that
the legal owners should make a good title to them.
They have waited eighteen years without a title;
and there is good reason, I think, for getting this
through and letting them have a title, and letting
them make their buildings and improvements
such as settlers and possessors of the land ought
to make. That is the very reason why this is
urged. That is the answer to the timber part of
the Senator's argument.
Mr. FE3SENDEN. I said, the other day,
when this question was up, that I had no desire
at all that the Senate should act under a misap-
prehension in relation to this matter; but that, in
my judgment, a part of the appropriation con-
tained in the amendment then proposed could not
