1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
down the benevolent efforts of this society. They must go
back to the era of our liberty and independence, and muz-
zle the camion which thunders its annual joyous return.
They must revive th£ slave trade, withal! its train of atro-
cities."
Ay, sir, revive the slave trade as we now see
it being revived!
"They must suppress the workings of British philan-
thropy- seeking to ameliorate the condition of the unfortu-
nate West Indian slaves. They must arrest the career of
South American deliverance from thralldom. They must
blow out the moral lights around us, and extinguish that
greatest torch of all, which America presents to a benighted
world, pointing the way to their rights, their liberties, and
their happiness. And when they have achieved all these
purposes, their work will be yet incomplete. They must
penctiate the human soul, and eradicate the light of reason
and the love of liberty. Then, and not till then, when
universal darkness and despair prevail, can you perpetuate
slavery, and icpress all sympathies and all humane and be-
nevolent efforts among freemen in behalf of the unhappy
portion of our race who are doomed to bondage."
That, sir, was the language of Henry Clay in
regard to the colonization of the free blacks in
Africa. It seems to be impracticable to transport
this great population to Africa. Let us obtain a
country nearer home; and to show the sympathy
of the North for the South, I think I may say—
I know I may say for the people whom 1 repre-
sent—we wilt contribute liberally of our means to
relieve the country of the free negro population,
and of all slaves who may be voluntarily eman-
cipated, by planting them in spme contiguous
country by themselves. I hope that may become
the policy of the Republican party. I hope that
we shall join hands with the South; that, instead
of reproaching each other, instead of saying any-
thing which would create a misunderstanding
between different sections of the Union, we may
come together as our fathers did of old in their
struggle for independence, and, side by side as
brothers, adopt a policy which, if it shall not
eventually deliver the country from the only ele-
ment which has ever seriously threatened its peace,
shall at least prevent its spread and increase, and
at the same time furnish the means of relieving
the country of the evils of a large free negro pop-
ulation. By such a course we may lay the foun-
dation for continued and permanent prosperity.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, when recently a
murderous raid was made into the State of Vir-
ginia; when insurrection and rebellion against the
Government, the laws, and the Constitution raised
its odious crest, it was to be expected that when
the Senate assembled it would seek to find what
was the cause in order that it might apply the
appropriate remedy. When the Senator from
Virginia introduced his resolution, we might have
pxpccted it to be received as a business transac-
tion, to be voted upon at once, and a committee
instituted to commence the investigation. The
Senator from Illinois, however, introduced a prop-
osition to embarrass the inquiry, which was of
such dignity and importance as ought to have
commanded the respect and attention of every one,
by presenting a collateral matter unconnected with
any purpose which could be involved in this in-
vestigation, and running back to an ancient subject
which had been already fully explored. He dis-
avowed, and I was gratified at the disavowal, any
complicity or sympathy with the murderous raid
which had been made, and for which the leader
had already suffered a felon's death; but how do
his acts tally with his declarations? Having first
embarrassed the inquiry, he follows it up to-day
with a speech which we must at least admit was
long, anu which goes into the question of slavery,
taking the side of anti-slavery; and this when the
country is already disturbed by the invasion of a
State by a murderous gang of Abolitionists?
Is it thus that we are tn be assured that the
Senator does not sympathize with such assaults
upon the rights of the South? Is it thus that we
are to be confirmed in that which we had a right
to expect, that all northern men would wash their
hands of such transactions, save those who are
so deeply involved in the guilt that the citizens of
their own States would hold them up to punish-
ment? What has a question ethnological, social,
and political, to do with the consideration of a
foray like this? We had a right to expect that
every Senator would be prompt to explore the
cause and to apply the remedy to such an evil.
I might, however, have chosen to sit still instead
of, in any degree, responding to a speech on mat-
ters and things in general, but for the fact of the
darticular reference to myself, for the third day
repeated by that Senator. The first day I was
surprised; I thought the Senator was unfortu-
nate; the second day I told him so. What am I
to think when, warned as he has been, informed
as he has been, that his statement was without
any foundation in truth, he again reiterates it, and
presses it upon the notice of the Senate ? To-day,
not having made the search before making tfie
charge, he comes in and informs us that he has
now made a laborious examination, and the labor
of the mountain brings forth a mouse. What has
his laborious examination produced ? This res-
olution, adopted by the Senate on the motion of
the Senator from Ohio:
" Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate any additional documents m his possession, or the
possession of cithci of the Departments, relating to the con-
dition of aftaiis in Kansas Territory, including the legisla-
tive journals, executive minutes, and returns of any census
which may have been taken."
He pleads to the remarks of the Senator from
Ohio, that the debate on that occasion does not
furnish the rule of construction for the law, and
tells him, as a lawyer, that he must understand
that the law is to be construed by its letter. What
letter there indicates or intimates, however re-
motely, the wish of the Senate to know anything
about the Liberty arsenal? But preceding the
introduction of the resolution, the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Pugh] said:
"The Senator from Vermont informs mc, that there are
additional documents in some of the Departments in rela-
tion to affairs in Kansas, including further minutes of the
executive council of the Territory, which we have not re-
ceived, and also the census returns. For the purpose of
obtaining those documents, I offer the following resolution,
and I ask for Its consideration at the present time."
Then comes the resolution, and remarks were
made by two other Senators:
'•Mr. Wellkr. I would inquire whethpr this inform-
ation has been received at the Department since the last
call ot the Senate was answered?
"Mr. Collameu. Yes, sir. It will be recollected that
when the President of the United States sent us his mes-
sage on this question, on a former occasion, he sent us
only the minutes of the executive council of that Terri-
tory, which had been received up to that date ; but I have
since understood that additional minutes have been sent.
Those which we have received reach only to January, 18f>5;
but we wish to obtain them down to July, 1855, up to winch
time they have now been receiv cd at the State Department.
I saw a poition of them there on Friday or Saturday last.
The Chief Clerk showed me what had been received, in-
cluding the census returns ; and I understood him to say that
the documents would be sent to the Senate on Monday
last, without any resolution of inquiry being offered. They
have not been received, however, and therefore this reso-
lution become<?necessaiy."
The purpose of the Senate was clearly indicated
in conformity with the language of the resolution.
There was nothing whatever about the Liberty
arsenal. But the Senator goes on to inform us
that he introduced a resolution calling for all cor-
respondence in relation to the military operations
in Kansas. The Senator from Maryland [Mr.
PearceJ informed him yesterday what became of
that resolution. It was postponed, it appears, on
his own motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Mis-
sissippi is mistaken about the fact. That was not
the resolution which I introduced. Mine was
adopted. The resolution introduced by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] was post-
poned on my motion.
Mr. DA VIS. If the Senator introduced a res-
olution calling for this information, which was
adopted, and it was sent to the President, I cer-
tainly recollect no such resolution; I am sure no
resolution ever came before me which called for
anything in relation to the Liberty arsenal; but if
the Senator introduced a resolution for that pur-
pose, and when the reply came there was nothing
about it in it, why, I ask him, did he not demand
to know why the Secretary had not answered it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume the Senator
does not wish to misunderstand me. I did not
say a resolution was introduced for that specific
purpose. A general resolution was introduced
which I thought was sufficient to cover it.
Mr. DAVIS. If you thought so and did not
find the answer, then why did you not repeat the
call ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator wish an
answer ?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We did not know the
facts about this transaction at that time. I tried
to explain, in my remarks before, that it was for
the purpose of getting information. The resolu-
tion was drafted as broadly as I knew how to
draft it, to obtain the general information. I'did
not draft it particularly in reference to the Lifctoy
arsenal}'but in reference to Kansas affairs, and as
that was connected with Kansas affairs, the arms
taken from there having been taken into Kansas,
I thought it afforded grounds to have given us
that information.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator thought all £hat,
he had but to say " here is the matter of the arms
taken from Liberty arsenal not explained." He
could have got all the information in the Depart-
ment if he nad only indicated what he wanted.
Sir, it is unbecoming a Senator to allow the oc-
casion to pass to this remote period, and then to
attempt to found a charge as malicious as this
upon it. But the Senator went on. He spoke of
these arms being taken and being used in Kansas.
He spoke of four thousand nine hundred men.
Did you not say four thousand nine hundred ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir. The Senator
misunderstood me.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator who sat on your
left, perhaps, stated the number—the Senator from
Wisconsin, probably.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I stated the number—
four thousand nine hundred—which was the num-
ber stated by the committee of the other House.
Mr. DAVIS. Very well. All these things are
presented in connection. The Senator from Illi-
nois talks of where these arms were used in Kan-
sas, thus putting forth the idea that the arms taken
from the Liberty arsenal were large in number
and were used throughout the revolutionary strug-
gles in Kansas. Nay, more, Jie speaks of these
arms never being returned, and speaks of it in
such sweeping terms as magnifies its importance,
and would induce the belief, in one ignorant of
the facts, that a large number had been taken and
a large number kept. Now, sir, that is utterly
untrue. The number of arms that was taken, as
will appear whenever the Senator chooses to call
for the information, were'sufficient to arm about
one hundred men, with three light pieces of field
artillery, and they wore not kept away two weeks,
and when they were returned, the whole cost of
repair and the whole amount of loss incurred in
arms and ammunition amounted to about four
hundred dollars. And yet this is the transaction
which he swells into such magnitude, and pro-
claims as greater than the recent raid into the
Stale of Virginia.
I regret, Mr. President, that, at the very be-
ginning of a session, which we had reason to
believe would have excitement enough, Senators
will not approach the business which is before
them as a matter in which they have a common
duty to perform. If a Senator believes there is
anything concerning which he desires informa-
tion, if he believes there is a vast importance m
something of which he is not informed, and of
which'some other Senator of the body has the
information, is it not more manly, courteous, and
becoming a gentleman to seek the information
before attempting, throughout a debate of three
days, to scatter imputations broadcast over the
Republic ?
The Senator says that more lives werfe lost by
reason of taking these arms from Liberty than
were lost in the recent raid into Virginia. I do
not know that these arms were ever used. They
were taken about the time of the march against
Lawrence, as I remember events, for I have not
recurred to the history. Whether they were
ever used or not I consider more than doubtful.
That is a fact of which the War Department had
no information—concerning which it was not in
their power to get information. They did not
know where the arms went to, nor in whose
hands they were. They only knew that an
attack was made upon the arsenal, and that after
troops were sent for its protection the arms were
brought back. Therefore, whether they were
used or not is a thing upon which the Senator
speculates, and concerning which I do not believe
we can have any accurate information.
As the Senator has instituted a comparison of
importance between these cases, it is well to go
back a step or two. In the South and West, as
every one around me well knows, we have no
manufactories for the construction of arms upon
any extensive scale. Usually, special arms, such
as are employed by hunters, aj*e those along that
we manufacture. Others are'jftirchased at the
