1082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
we are sure they desire to protect the persons who are
examined against all injurious consequences from their
examination. But it is in vam to deny that this new tribu-
nal has some of the worst features of the Inquisition and
other secret tribunals. Such must ever be the case when
the legislature usurps the functions of the judiciary.
" The greatest danger to liberty among us, is the en-
croachment of one department of Government upon the
powers of another, especially of the legislative upon the
executive and judicial. This was foreseen by the framers
"of the Constitution, and sedulously guarded against. If a
committee of the Senate can be made a court to try crim-
inal offenses, they can also be invested with power to pun-
ish offenders. The next step is as easy as the first. And
if the Senate does not now resist, a great stride will be
taken towards erecting a great central tyranny in Congress,
which will absorb all the reserved rights of the States and
of the people.
" We conclude this„division of the argument by stating,
what cannot be disputed, that if the resolution vests an un-
constitutional power in the committee, the Senate can
have no power to compel the attendance of witnesses.
" If a naked resolution were offered to inquire who set
fire to a house, or murdered a person (not a member of the
Senate) in the District of Columbia, or had been guilty of
any act of treason against the United States in any part of
the country, probably there is not a member of the Senate
who would have voted for the resolution, or would not have
shrunk back from so outrageous a proposal. Yet this is
exactly what the resolution we are resisting has done, ex-
cept that it has authorized the committee to report' what
legislation is necessary for the preservation of the peace of
the country,' &c. This presents the question, whether
the Senate have, in order to gain information lor the pur-
pose of legislation, a right to make an inquisition as to who
committed certain crimes ? We deny the right. A lawful
and constitutional object cannot legalize means for effect-
ing that object which are themselves unlawful and uncon-
stitutional. A medical student has a right to study anat-
omy, but no right to secure a subjdet by ' burking.' The
Senate has a right to collect information to aid in legisla-
tion, but no right to establish an inquisition for that pur-
pose.
" We now pass to another division of our argument, in
some aspects connected with the former, yet one in which
we claim the discharge of our client on a ground entirely
independent of it.
" We contend that the Senate has no right to compel the
attendance of witnesses, except in cases where this body
is invested with judicial or guasi-jndieial functions. The
Senate is the sole court to try impeachments, by the express
words of the Constitution. Hence it can compel the attend-
ance of witnesses on the trial of an impeachment. It can
jud e of the elections, qualification, and returns of its own
members. Hence, when the election of a Senator is eon-
tested, it can eompcl witnesses to attend. So, having the
power of punishing a member for disorderly behavior, and
even of expelling hnn, in such cases the right of compelling
the attendance of witnesses follows.
" Cut beyond these cases the Senate has no power of com-
pelling witnesses to attend. It is the absolute necessity of
the power which gives it as an incident to the trial, taken
in connection with the function to which it is incidental.
To compel witnesses to attend before a committee to give
information in regard to proposed legislation, is a power not
given by the Constitution. It is not given expressly, and
it is not given by implication, because it is not necessary
for legislation.
"Nothing misleads so much as false analogies. The
Senate bears a resemblance to the Butish House of Lords,
and the House of Representatives to the House of Com-
mons. The legislative functions of these bodies are simi- 1
lar. Hence jurists have sometimes hastily concluded that I
the whole ' Lex et consuetudo PurliamcnW applied to Con- '
gress and other legislative bodies in this countiy; that oui
Legislatures and their members had tiie power and privi-
leges of the British Parliament and its members; and that
all acts which would-be regarded as contempts and breaches
of privilege in England against the Lords or Commons, ,
would also be regarded as such here against the Senate or !
House.
" But nothing can be more fallacious than this superficial
analogy, and every one acknowledges it the instant the tests
are applied. The privileges the British Parliament and
the powers of the Lords and Commons are drawn from the
usage and practice of ages. The powers and privileges of the
Senate and House are all created by the Constitution, either
in express words, or by necessary implication. Hence,
that certain powers have been exercised bv the Lords and
Commons does not prove that such power's exist here.
"No power is expressly given bv the Constitution for the
Senate or House to compel the attendance of a witness be-
fore a committee of inquiry preliminary to legislation. Nor
is any such power given by implication, becausc it is not
necessary for the purposes of legislation.
" To maintain that the law and practice of the British
Parliament are the rule for Congress, would introduce an
arbitrary tyranny. Each House would become the final
judge of its own privileges, decide, without appeal, who
had committed a breach of them, and punish by fine at-its
discretion, and imprisonment limited only by the length of
its sessions. No court ot law would have an} power to in-
terfere. If a member's servant were committed to prison,
it would be a breach of privilege according to the old law
in England. And we might even see judges of the Supreme
Court brought to the bat of the Senate, and committed to
prison, for giving an offensive decision, as was actually done
to Pemberton, chief justice of the King's Bench, by the
House of Commons, for rendering a judgment which they
regarded as a brcach of their piivileges. (2 Campbell's
Lives of the Chief Justices. 54.)
" Acting on this idea, that the powers of the two Houses
were like those of Parliament, the Senate, in 1800 com-
mitted William Duane for publishing a libel in the Aurora
(2 Benton Abr. Debates, 408 to 426,) thus not only assum-
ing a power not given by the Constitution, but violating the
spirit, if not the ieftei, of that sacred charter, which de-
clares, in the first article of amendment, that Congress shall
make no law 'abridging the freedom of speech or of the
press.5 What is left of the freedom of the press, if the Sen-
ate, without passing a law, can decide withoutappeal what
is a libel upon it, and punish the same at its discretion ?
«• The Senate, m Duane's case, did exactly what the
House of Commons did in Sir Francis Burdett's, whom
they commuted to the Tower for publishing a libel on the
House. He strongly resisted this outrage, and sued the
Speaker of the House and the Sergeant-at-Arms. In that
celebrated case, the court considered it was well-established
law in England that the House was the final judge of its own
privileges, and might punish for contempts at its pleasure.
(Burdett v. Abbott, 14 East's Rep. 1.)
" The enormous length to which the powers of each House
of Congress would be carried by admitting for a moment
the British parliamentary law as a source of power, de-
f lands that every power claimcd by either House should
e strictly questioned, and, if it has no foundation m the
Constitution, be rejected. So enormous were the claims of
privilege of both Lords and Commons, that they have not
only been restgxined by express statute, but moderated in
practice.
"The Constitution of the United States not only created
a new form of government for the people, but for the fir&t
time gave them an actually national Government. The
powers granted by it have no other foundation than the let-
ter of the instrument. They are limited with the greatest
jealousy, and are not to be extended by implication.
"The tenth article of amendments to the Constitution
says: 'The powers not delegated to the United States by
the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are re-
served to the States respectively, or to the people.' We
search the Constitution in vain for any delegation of power
to compel a witness to appear before a committee of the
Senate appointed to investigate a subject as preliminary to
legislation.
" The fourth article of the amendment provides that (the
right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses,
papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seiz-
ures, snail not be violated.' If this provision has any vital-
ity, or is ever to be applied, surely it ought to be applied in
the present case. Have the Senate-committee a right to
drag a man one, two, or three thousand miles from his fam-
ily, however inconvenientor ruinous it may be to him, and
this merely to prosecute an investigation in which his tes-
timony is not really necessary for any purposes of legisla-
tion? Can any seizure of the person he more unreasona-
ble? Yet the letter and spirit of our great charter are thus
to be trampled down by a constructive power.
" By the sixth article of amendment, every accused per-
son is entitled to a speedy and public trial by a jury of
the State and district where the crimc has been committed.
The hardship and injustice of taking a man out of his own
State for trial are so apparent that the people would not
submit to it. Could they have intended to allow any citi-
zen to bo torn from his home whenevera committee of the
Senate demanded it, and to have him submitted to an in-
quisitorial examination, (a trial in fact,) but one in which
he is deprived of all the protection which the Constitution
would give him in a regular court of justice ?
"The Constitution enumerates powers and privileges
which the Senate enjoys independently of the House, and
those which the House enjoys independently of the Senate.
They are expressed with great care, with the manifest pur-
pose of defining and limiting them, and preventing the
claim of the monstrous and arbitrary powers and privileges
that have been exercised by the Lords and Commons.
"The Senate has 'the tole power to try all impeach-
ments.' (Art. l,sec. 3.) But it cannot, like the House
of Lords, order a convicted party to be executed, or even
fine or imprison him. The punishment ordeied by the i
Senate cannot 'extend further than removal from office j
and disqualification to hold any office of honor or piofit j
under the United States.' And a conviction cannot take '
place 4 without the concuircnce <*f two thirds of the mem-
bers present.' Everything in these provisions shows an
anxiety to insure a fair trial and a moderate punishment.
Can The Senate, by a summary process for contempt, inflict
a heavier punishment on a witness who doubts its author-
ity than it can on a great public offender, duly tried and con-
victed? Each House is the judge of the elections, returns
and qualification of its own members ; can compel the at-
tendance of absent members ; determine the rules of its
proceedings; punish its members for disorderly behavior;
and, with the concurrence of two thirds, expel a member.
(Art. 1, sec. 5.)
" Here again, is the same design exhibited to define and
limit powers. Each House is the judge of the qualification
of its members—that Is, whether they have the qualifica-
tions required by the Constitution ; but it cannot create an
arbitrary disqualification, as the House of Commons did in
the case of John Wilkes, and declaie that a man who has
been expelled is afterwaids ineligible. A member can only
bo expelled by the concurrence of two thirds of the mem-
bers present. A bare majority can expel from the House
of Commons.
"The members of both Houses are,' in all cases, ex-
cept treason, felony, and breach of the peace, privileged
from arrest during the session of their respective Houses,
and in going to and returning from the same.' This is an
important privilege, but is nothing compared with those
winch have been sometimes arrogated bv the House of
Commons.
"The powers exercised by the Houses of Parliament
have in many instances been as ludicrous as they were
tyrannical. A mere enumeration of some of them, for the
period  f about a century after the Restoration, will suffi-
ciently illustrate the danger of blindly following the par-
liamentary precedents of Great Britain. The following
cases, among many others, were between the years 1660 and
1697 voted breaches of privilege :
" Delivering ejectments to members of Parliament, fif-
teen eases.
te Entiy on their estates, twenty-four cases.
" Pulling down a scaffold at Mr. Butie's.
"Lopping Mr. Scawen's trees.
" Detaining the goods of members of Parliament, ten
cases.
" Stopping up their lanes, two cases.
" Driving their cattle, two cases.
"Under the date of 1608, a person named Bigland is
voted guilty of a breach of privilege, in taking the horse of
Mr. James, the member from Bristol, from an inn stable,
and riding it post. *
" In 1700, Rogers, an attorney, was committed for breach
of privilege in sending an exorbitant bill of costs to the gun-
ners at Portsmouth.
" From 1714 to 1761, the following instances of alleged
breaches of privilege occur:
" Injuries to the property of members of Parliament,
fifty-one cases; of which the following may be regaided as
illustrations:
"Plowing Mr. Bowles's land ;
" Killing Lord GaJway's rabbits ;
" Assaulting Sir W. Wynn's porter in Downing street;
" Fislwng in Mr. Joliffe's pond ;
" Erecting a building, posts, and rails on Sir Cordell Fire-
brace's waste, in Suffolk;
" Digging in Earl Verncy's ground, and carrying away a
tree;
"Entering into possession of a cellar in the occupation
of Charles Fitzroy Scudamore's tenant.
" For this last offense, in March, 1760, only sixteen years
before the Declaiation of American Independence, Sir
Richard Perrot was ordered into the custody of the Ser-
geant-at-Arms for a breach of privilege, (See 9%d. & El-
lis' Rep., pp. 13, 14, in note.)
"The Constitution also provides that the Senators and
Representatives,' for any speech or debate in either House,'
{shall not be questioned in any other place.' (Art. 1,
sec. 6.) The Senator or Representative is liable to no
action for words spoken in the House. This is a great and
all-important privilege, but it fails far short of what has
been exercised by the House of Commons.
"Here we hdve powers and privileges clearly granted,
but carefully limited, in order that they may not be ex-
tended by the false analogy of British precedents. Such an
enumeration, .according to the familiar maxim ' cxpressio
unius est exclusio alterius,' founded in the clearest reason,
excludes all other powers and privileges. No express
power to commit a witness for contempt is given. Where
either House has judicial or giwm-judicial powers, as it has
in several of the cases already adverted to, to which might
be added that of an inquiry into the conduct of a public
officer by the House, to see if an impeachment oughtto be
made, and perhaps others, the judicial power of commit-
ting a contumacious witness follows as a necessary inci-
dent.
i "But when we come tocommittmga witness because he
ndoes not appear before an investigating committee who are
seeking information preliminary to legislation, then the only
ground for sustaining the power i^ a supposed necessity.
This necessity, proverbially the tyrant's plea, must be care-
fully scrutinized. The legal maxim that ' quando lex ali-
quid concedit, concedcre videtur et illud sine quo res ipsa esse
won protest,' (when the law grants anything, it appears to
grant that without which the object ot the grant could not
exist,) does not apply here. It only extends to ca^es of ab-
solute necessity, when the power gt anted cannot be exe-
cuted at all without admitting the exercise of the power
! claimed. A familial example may be illustiated thus: If
j A gives B a simple power to sell and conwj an citato, it
i does not give B power to make any covenant in icgaid to
' the title, however convenient or appiApriare it might he,
i but it gives B power to sign A'ss name, and affix a teal and
| deliver the deed, because the conveyance cannot otherwise
\ be made.
J " However convenient or expedient it may sometimes be
j to compel a witness to come before a committee like tne
present, it i-* never absolutely ncces^ar) . Le<jisht«on, no
doubt, would go on just as well without anv suc'i power.
Take the common case of a question as to altering the tai iff.
Parties interested will always be found voluntarily to give
the required information. It is just so m the present ca^o.
Who can doubt that a bill for protecting the peace of the
Union, &c., can be drafted just as well without coercing the
attendance of a single witness ? %
" The objects of a court and of a Legislature are entirely
different. The court, in trying a case, is seeking to ascer-
tain a particular fact or facts usually known only to one or
a few persons. The power of compelling the attendance of
such persons is absolutely essential to the administration of
justice. On the other hand, legitimate legislation never de-
pends upon a fact or facts known only to one or a few, or
the opinion of one or a few; but such facts and opinions arc
generally matters of common notoriety usually brought be-
fore the Legislature voluntarily, and can always be obtained
without coercion. *
t" We need say nothing in regard to claims against the
UnitedStates. These obviouslvinvolve questionsofa judi-
cial character, which has led to the creation of the Court
of Claims. When a committee of either House is com-
pelled to examine such claims, we would not dispute the
necessity of a power to coerce witnesses.
" If it were not for the false analogy which leads men to
reijard our legislative bodies as the exact paialle! of the
British Parliament.it never would have occurred to any
one that a committee making inquiries for the purpose o'f
legislation could exercise the functions of a court of justice
by compelling the attendance of witnesses. •
"The distinction between the powers of the Lords and
Commons and those of a legislative body created by a writ-
ten charter is presented in a stionglight in the case of Fen-
ton vs. Hampton, 11 Moore \ Privy Council Report*, 347.
Ihe Legislative Council of Van Dieman's Land was
organized by an act of the British Parliament. It is the
legislature of the island, with full legislative powcis.
ihe plaintiff was summoned to attend as a witness before
a committee of investigation of the Legislative Council.
He did not attend. He was then ordered to appeal before
the bar of the Council. He still neglected to comply By
a vote of the Council, a wairant was issued bv the Speaker,
on which he was committed by the Sergcant-at-Arm-,. lie
then bioughtan action of trespass against the Speaker and
the Sergeant. The court sustained the action. Flemmmg,
the chief justice of the island, gave a very able and
