2026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
therefore, that they should be exempt from duty,
as the imposition of duty upon them is but the
demoralization of those engaged in the importa-
tion.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. STANTON. I move to amend the sec-
tion by inserting after the word "pumpkins"
in the seventy-ninth line, the word "heads."
[Laughter.]
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CASE. I move to insert after "pump-
kins" the word " pie." That will carry out the
principle of this bill, that the manufactured ar-
ticle, instead of the raw material, should be pro-
tected. [Laughter.]
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WHITELEY. I have an amendment to
propose to the forty-fourth line, to add after the
words "green turtle" the wouls, "and terra-
pins." I had the honor to travel through North
Carolina lately, and 1 think if the green turtle is
protected, the terrapin ought to be. [Laughter.]
For, from my experience in passing through that
State, I think if they were protected, there arc
terrapins enough in North Carolina to pay the
public debt. [Renewed laughter.] I am, there-
fore, opposed to the introduction of any more.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. EDWARDS. I desire to propose an
amendment, but I want to make a remark first.
The great principle upon which this bill is ad-
justed 1 understand to be the protection of the
interests of the country.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will please
indicate his amendment.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move to strike out the
ninety-sixth line, which is as follows: " spunk."
[Great laughter.] 1 make the motion for the pur-
' pose of carrying that article to the next schedule.
It i« a commodity that ih grown and possessed all
over this country, North and South, East and
West, ami 1 think, therefore, it .should be ex-
cluded from this schedule. [Laughter.]
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. YANCE. X move to strike out in line seven-
ty-nine, " pumpkins." 1 make the motion in def-
erence to the gentleman who has taken the terra-
pins of my native State under his eharge,and for
his benefit, and that of his constituents. 1 have
no doubt that a high duty on pumpkins would
operate favorably on them. [Laughter.]
The amendment was rejected.
Mi. JOHN COCHRANE. J mote to insert
"ehierory" between lines eighteen and nineteen,
of .section twenty, so as to make the duty twenty
per cent.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 move to strike out of the
nineteenth section the eighty-eighth, eighty-ninth,
one hundred and first, and one hundred and sec-
ond lines; which are as follows:
" Halt", Glauber, Uochelh:. and all other «alt* and
preparations of suits not otheuvise provided tor; sulphate
of magnesia; sulphate of quinine."
1 think all these medicines should be put in the
ten per cent, schedule.
Tne amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to call the attention
of the committee to the one hundred and second
line of the twenty-third section, winch contains
phraseology that has given more trouble to the
officers of the Treasury Department, and to the
custom-house oflicers, than any other matter con-
nected with your tariff. The language of the par-
agraph is this:
"Manufacture?, articles, ves^eh and ware-?, not othew ise
provided for. of bia^, eoppei, gold, iion, lead, pewtei,
platma, .«Uvcr, tin, or othci metal, or of \\Iii''h eithei oi
these metals or any other metal shall he the component
material ot chief value."
Now, it has been found, in many eases, a mat-
ter of much dispute and difficulty to ascertain what
was the component material of chief value. 1 say
that is phraseology which should never have been
used in the legislation of the country. In the sub-
stitute which I have proposed, ana which I have
drawn up with a good deal of care, I have care-
fully avoided the use of any such phraseology.
Take, for instance, some species of fabric made
up of silk, cotton, and wool; it is almost impossi-
ble to determine which are the elements of chief
value. I move to amend by striking out in the
one hundred and second line the words "of chief
value."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. REAGAN. I move to amend as follows:
Strike out of the twenty-second section all after the word
" enacted," in the first line, to the word " say," in the fourth
J inc, and insert in lieu thereof the following words : " That
from and after the day and year aforesaid there shall be*
levied, collected, and paid a duty of five percent, ad va-
lorem on tlie inipoitation of the articles hereinafter em-
braced in this section, that is to say;" and add at the end
of the section'the words, "except the articles of bullion,
gold, silver, and coins ot gold, silver, and copper; and the
personal and household effects (not merchandise) of citi-
zens of the United States dying abroad; and household ef-
fects, old, and in use, of persons and families from foreign
countries, if used abroad by them, and not intended for any
other person'or persons, or for sale; and wearing apparel, in
| actual use, and other personal effects, (not merchandise,)
! professional books, implements, instruments, and tools of
j tiade, occupation, or employment, ot' persons arriving in the
j United States: Piovidcd, That this exemption s^all not be
! constiued to include machinery or other articles imported
I for use in any manufacturing establishment, or for sale,
[ which shall be exempt from the payment of duties."
It will be seen that by that amendment I pro-
pose to abolish the free list contained in section
twenty-two, with the exception of the articles
that are named in y amendment, and which I
have taken from the list contained in that sectioo
as being articles which should be admitted duty
free, if any article should be. I move this amend-
ment upon a theory which I deem to be the cor-
rect one, under the Constitution, of levying duties
for the sole purpose of obtaining the revenue ne-
cessary for the carrying on the operations of the
Government. According to the principles which
governed in the framing of this bill, it is true a
different theory prevailed—that of protection; but
in fixing the duties on these articles at live per
cent., 1 have .sought to approximate that far to-
wards the great principle which I have named os
the onljr one under the Constitution upon which,
in my view, we ever ought to construct a tariff.
It is true that plausible arguments may be ad-
vanced in support of the principle of giving, while
raising the revenue of the Government, protec-
tion to home industry; and it has always seemed
to me that in framing our tariff with that view, we
have no right to disregard our obligations to the
Constitution.
i deem it improper again to adopt a system of
legislation by which, in raising the revenue of the
Government, we impose a tax upon one branch
of the industry of the countiyfor the benefit of
another, as a primary obje( t. * I am willing that
every portion of the industry and wealth of tho
country shall bear its due proportion in the ad-
ministration of the Government; but 1 am un-
willing to see any particular class of industry
taxed beyond its due proportion, not only to pay
the revenues of the Government, but for the sup-
port and maintenance of class interests. In other
words, that they should be compelled to contrib-
ute a bonus in order to enable another class to
maintain itself.
Now, sir, I repeat that, in my judgment, all the
industrial interests of the country should contrib-
ute for its support and maintenance. By my
amendment, I have taken from the free list the
articles of tea and*coffee, which enter into the
universal consumption of the country, and which,
therefore, by paying a duty of five per cent., as I
propose, would contribute, largely towards the
revenues of the Government. I can see no.rea-
son why these articles should not be made to con-
tribute towards the general fund, while so large
duties are imposed upon iron, cotton, and woolen
manufactured goods, for the purpose of confer-
ring benefits upon paiticular classes of persons
and interests.
I will make this further remark, that it was my
purpose to have addressed the committee at length
upon this bill, if I could have obtained the floor
before the general debate had closed, for the pur-
pose of showing the injustice of the species of
legislation which it is sought to establish bv this
bill.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I move to amend by strik-
ing out "sixteen" and inserting "twenty," in
the following clause of the bill:
Wool, unmanufactured, and ail hair of the goat, alpaca,
and other like animals, unmanufactured, the value whereof,
at the ia-^t poll or piacc from whence exported to the Uni-
ted States, shall be smeon cents, or under, per pound.
When the subject of wool was under consider-
ation in another portion of the bill, I stated that
when the committee should reach this point in
the bill, I would move to strke out " sixteen," as
the maximum,and insert "twenty-six." In good
faith I now make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOARD. I move to strikeout the words
" gutta percha manufactured, India rubber in bot-
tles, slabs, or sheets, unmanufactured; India rub-
ber, milk of."
I will state that there is, perhaps, no species of
manufacture which pays so large a profit as the
manufacture of India rubber and gutta percha
goods. Certain persons have patents for pro-
cesses of manufacture which give them a mo-
nopoly of the business; and shoes, for instance,
which they sell for a dollar, do not cost more than
twelve cents. I do not see why we should give
them protection by admitting their raw material
duty free.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. I-IUGHES. I move to amend the same
section, by inserting in the sixteenth line, after
the word gems," the words " mineralogical or
geological collections."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. After the word "philo-
sophical," I move to inscit the words " religious
and charitable;" so that those societies shall be
put upon an equal footing with philosophical and
literary societies, f make that amendment for this
reason: an instance has come under my notice in
point. A society purely charitable made an im-
portation of articles of the kind referred to in the
bill, and they were obliged to pay heavy duties
upon them; when, if they had been a philosophical
or literary society, they would have been admit-
ted duty free.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KUNIvEL. I would remind the commit-
tee that these charitable societies introduce these
articles for sale at fairs and such places. It is
improper, therefore, that they should come in
free of duty.
Mr. PENDLETON. It is provided that they
shall be introduced for use, and not for sale.
Mr. REAGAN. The same objection to the prop-
osition which has been agreed to, on motion of
the gentleman from Ohio, has occurred to me. I
do not see the words referred to by the gentleman
from Ohio, and I therefore move to add the words
" not introduced for sale" after the amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Sec. 26. J1nd.be it fin ther enacted, That raihoad iron,
partially or wholly worn, may he impoited into the United
States without payment of duty, under bond to be with-
drawn and exported after the said railroad iron shall have
been repaired or romanufacturcd, and the Scctetary of the
Ticasuiy is hereby authorized and directed to prescribe
such rules and regulations as may be necessary to protecttho
revenue agairihtliaud, and to secure the identity, character,
and weight of all such impoitations when again withdrawn
and expmted, restricting and limiting the export and with-
diawal to the same port of entry where imported, and also
limiting all bonds to a period of timd of not more than six
months fiom the date of importation.
Mr. CURRY. I move to add to that section
the following proviso:
Provided, hoicever. That anv change of duty upon rail-
road iron, made in this act, shall not take effect upon any
"suchiron imported subsequent to the passage of this act,
upon a contract enteied into piior to that date.
The object of the'amendment 13 easily ex-
plained. It provides tbat where companies have
entered into contracts prior to the passage of this
act for railroad iron, which shall be delivered
subsequent to the passage of the act, they shall
not be subjected to the payment of the increased
rate of duty imposed. It will not affect the iron
interest of Pennsylvania, or of any other State,
because the iron will have been already pur-
chased. It only affects the revenue.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Sbe. 27. JJnd be itfuilhcr enarfed, That no claim for
abatement or diminution o{ duty shall be allowed by rea-
son or on account of any damage or depreciation in value
of any goods, wares, 01 merchandise, arising after expor-
tation, but the same j.hall be valued as at the time of ex-
portation ; nor shall any such deduction be madp tor or by
reason of an)* discount or abatement trom the value con-
tamed 111 the invoice.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 move to strike
that section out. I do not know upon what prin-
ciple it could have found its way into this bill. It
is an innovation upon the practice and-the law of
