1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2027
the land. It isan innovation upon the principle of
all taxation for duties; a principle which requires
that only that which enters into the consumption
shall be taxed. This section provides that no
claim for abatement or diminution of duty shall
be allowed by reason or on account of any dam-
age or depreciation in value of any goods, wares,
or merchandise, arising after exportation, but the
same shall be valued as at the time of exporta-
tion.
If goods, by accident or in any way, have be-
come deteriorated and depreciated in value to al-
most nothing, this section would compel the pay-
ment of a duty upon the full export value of the
goods. It is wholly untenable. It is doubtless
introduced here because of the difficulty occur-
ring in the administering department of the cus-
toms to provide against frauds which are at-
tempted to be perpetrated under demands for
deduction arising from damage. It is the duty
of the administering department to see that fraud
is not perpetrated. It is better, however, that
fraud should be perpetrated upon fraud than that
a principle so wrong and unjustifiable should be
adopted in a law of this description. It aims a
fatal blow at the principle which lies at the basis
of all duties upon imports.
It goes on to say, further:
" Nor shall any such deduction be made for or by reason
of any discount or abatement from tne value contained in
(he invoice."
That is, that the merchant shall be bound by
the valuation of his invoice, that he shall have no
deduction from it; so that the rule shall never
work in behalf of the merchant, but only in be-
half of the Government.
These reasons, sir, I think, are sufficient to
earrv conviction to the mind of every man, that
this'section ought not to pass into law. Itisupon
no statute-book, and is an innovation which ought
to be refused.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am opposed to the amend-
ment. All impost laws of this kind must be based
on some general principle. This bill is based upon
the idea that the value of the property imported
shall be assessed at the port of exportation. The
value is there fixed in the proper way. If it be
destroyed by fire, or lost by shipwreck, as a mat-
ter of course, it is gone,and no duty will be levied
upon it. If it be injured by accident, or other-
wise, during the voyage, that damage is covered
by insurance. If it be allowed to come in with a
valuation to be placed upon it with ieference to
the damage sustained, all sorts of frauds will be
perpetrated. It is the duty of persons engaged in
trade of this kind, and it is the usual practice, I
believe, to insure goods, ff damage, be sustained,
it will be sustained by the insurance.
Mr. TRAIN. I move to amend by striking
out all after the word " exportation " in the sec-
tion.
Mr. Chairman, [ rise for the purpose of making
a suggestion. The proposition of the gentleman
froi'if New York [Mr. John* Cochrane] is to
strike out the whole section. I oppose that
amendment, for it operates to the extreme hard-
ship of the importer. Suppose a merchant im-
ports a cargo of goods, and that during the voy-
age these goods are damaged so thattheyare worth
less ai the port to which the ship is bound than
the amount of the duty upon them: in that case,
look how o'nerous will be the provisions of the
bill. Suppose a merchant imports a cargo of
wool worth forty cents a pound at the port of ex-
portation, and that the ship is wrecked, and that
the wool is so damaged that when it is brought
into port it is not worth more than seven or eight
cents a pound. Under this bill, that wool would
have to pay a duty of nine cents. The import-
ing merchant would then not get enough for it to
pay the duty. That would be the effect.
But the gentleman from Ohio says that that
would be covered by the insurance. The master
of the ship will sink his cargo before he will bring
it into port where the duty will be more than the
goods will sell for. The insurance company then
will have to meet the entire loss. It is that thing
I wish to obviate. The result would be to assess
the duty upon the insurance company,for which
they are not icsponsible. Itis an innovation upon-
all former legislation.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am opposed to any change
in this section of the bill, and I hope that it will
not be stricken out.
Mr. Train, by unanimous consent, withdrew
his amendment.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I wish merely to
say this, in answer to the objection taken by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] that the
value is covered by the insurance. If, sir, the
value be covered by the insurance, it would be a
full and sufficient answer to the objection I have
taken; but the insurance only covers the invoice
value. How can that be insured here which has
never been appraised here? The value which is
insured, is the invoice value. If that value be sunk
into the ocean, and the owner cleared by his insur-
ance on that duty, does that make it -gust in the
Government to fix to that value which is never
received here a duty, and to compel the merchant
to pay a duty on it ? The reason of all imposition
of taxes is to put them upon articles that are con-
sumed. %he value which is destroyed never can
be consumed. I hope my original amendment
will prevail.
Mr. HICKMAN. As I regard it, this is one
of the most valuable provisions in the bill. It is
to provide against the systematic fraud which has
been experienced in the collection of the revenue
of the country for a long time past. Now, if you
strike out this section, the effect of it will be to
allow-an importer to allege that his goods have
been injured by the sea voyage, and to claim a
reduction on that account; and this would place
the whole matter within the hands of a single
man, who, if he should be affected by the solicit-
ations of the importer, might really deprive the
Government of the revenue to which it would be
entitled. It is necessary, sir, to close the door as
far as possible against the practice of frauds; and,
as I regard this section, it is for this very purpose
—to close the door against any attempt at the
fraud that has been felt in the collection of the
revenue. Sir, this is no new or strange provision
in revenue bills, although it may be so here. It
is one which exists in the English law; and I
think it is one of the most important provisions
thatean be embodied in the tariff law of this coun-
try.
Mr. BRANCH. I propose to amend by insert-
ing at the end of the section, the following words:
Except such depreciation of value shall be assessed by
the appraisers at the poi t of delivery at not less than twenty-
five per cent.
I think, Mr. Chairman, that there is a great
deal of force in what has been urged by the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. John Cochrane,]
as well as by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Hickman,] that we ought not to make this
provision so that frauds could be practiced under
it, because these frauds result not only to the in-
jury of the Government in its revenue, but also
to the injury of the honest importer. At the same
time, it a'ppe'ars hard to compel the importing mer-
chant, when by the act of God and by no default
of his own his goods are of a less \ alue than they
were at the time of the export, to pay full duty
upon them. In addition to the loss the elements
broug-ht upon him, we ought not to impose upon
him a loss, by the act of the Government.
But the proposition which I make, would, I
think, avoid all danger of frauds being practiced
upon the Government, while at the same time it
would avoid imposing upon the importer an im-
proper payment to the Government. Whenever
the loss amounts to as much as twenty-five per
cent., it will be very easy for the appraiser to dis-
cover it on examination of the goods. And it
seems to me that by making that the lowest
amount of loss for which the importer will receive
an exemption from the custom-house, we guard
against the possibility of his practicing fraud upon
the Government. I am not familiar with com-
mercial matters, and perhaps I may be in error;
but certainly it does seem to me that if the loss
amounts to as much as twenty-five per cent, upon
the original invoice, it would be very difficult for
the importer to practice any imposition on the ap-
praiser. If the loss amounts to twenty-five per
cent, it appears to me that the appraiser can al-
ways discover it on examination of the goods. I
think that the adoption of this amendment will
save the importer from the operation of this injus-
tice, and at*the same time put it out of his power
to practice frauds on the Treasury.
A Member. What is the gentleman's propo-
sition? ...
Mr. BRANCH. My proposition is, to insert,
at the close of the section, "except such depre-
ciation in value shall be assessed by the appraiser
at the port of delivery at not less than twenty-five
per cent, on the invoiced price of the goods."
The question was taken on Mr. Branch's
amendment; and it was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. John Coch-
rane's amendment; and it was rejected.
The Clerk pioceeded with the reading of the
bill.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I move to amend the
twenty-ninth section, by striking out, in the eighth
line, the words "thirty days,"and inserting in
lieu thereof the words " six months;" so that it
will read:
That from and after the day and year aforesaid, any and
all good.-', -wares, or merchandise, imported from any for-
eign countries and entered for warehousing, or deposited
in the public stores in consequencc of the duties not being
paid, shall be so entered or deposited, subject to the follow-
ing conditions, to wit: that the same shall be withdrawn
fiom the warehouse, or public stores, within six months
from the time and date oi' the entry, for domestic consump-
tion, and the duties thcieon shall be duly paid in cash at
the time of such withdrawal,J)r be thereafter prohibited
from being withdrawn, except for the purpose of exporta-
tion bejorid the limits of the United States.
I desire to call the attention of the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means to this point.
The section provides that the goods shall be with-
drawn from the warehouses or public stores with-
in thirty days after the time of entry. Now, I
am correctly informed, by merchants who are in-
terested in this warehouse system, that the pro-
vision of thirty days is so short as entirely to
destroy the benefit arising from the warehouse
system. The whole object of depositing goods
in the warehouses will be entirely frustrated, ex-
cept a sufficient length of time be given. I pre-
sume there can be no objection on the part of the
committee to allow the change which I propose
to be made. I believe that the term of six months
is the same as is provided in the last bill, and it
will meet the wants of the commerce of the country.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I hope the
amendment will not be adopted. My opinion is,
that the warehouse system ought to be entirely
abolished, without allowing even thirty days. The
'most prommentmcrchants to whoml have spoken
on the subject, from two or thre% States, think
that the whole system is pernicious; that it is in-
jurious to our own merchants, and that itis bene-
ficial only to foreigners. I hope, therefore, that the
amendment will not be adopted.
The question was put on Mr. Humphrey's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. .TOIIN COCHRANE. I move to amend,
by striking out the whole of the twenty-ninth
section, which is as follows:
a That fiom and aftnr the day and year aforesaid, any and
all goods wares, or merchandise, imported from any for-
eign countuc*. and cnicied lor was chousing, or deposited
nfthe public '•tores in consequence of the duties not being
paul, shall be so entcied or deported hubjecttotlic follow-
ing conditions to w it: that the same shall be withdrawn
from the warehouse* or public stores within thirty days from
the tune and date of the entry, for domestic consumption,
and the dumis thereon shall be duly paid in ca&h at the
tunc of sueh withdrawal, or be thereafter prohibited from
being withdrawn, except for the purpose of exportation
bevond the limits of the United States; and in no case shall
any good-?, ware', or merchandise, as aforesaid, so imported
and cntcied, or deposited for warehousing, be entitled or
permitted to be entered for domestic consumption, unless
the same has been so withdrawn within the time hereto-
fore mentioned: Proiided, That goods, wares, or mer-
chandise, which shall have, been withdrawn as aforesaid,
and wluch shall have been exported and landed beyond the
limits of the United States, may be fiom thence duly re-
impoited in the same manner provided for in the first in-
stance : Provided, also, That this section shall not apply to
Hoods, wares, and merchandise imported from beyond the
i <J;uv of Good Hope or Cape Horn until the 1st of January,
1861: Poinded, further, That all acts or parts of acts re-
latin^ to the subject-matter herein embraced and incon-
sistent therewith, aie hereby repealed."
itis doubtless intended by the originators of
this bill, (and such will be the effect if they obtain a
majority in favor of this section,) to reverse and
destroy the whole warehouse entrepot system of
the country. It is a system adopted and approved
by the Democratic, party as a Democratic princi-
ple. It lias acted well and favorably. It has
entered into and ramified through all our com-
mercial relations, from the Atlantic borders to the
Pacific coast, in every direction, all through the
land.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I have a
very strong letter from a Democratic merchant,
who was once a member of the House of Repre-
sentatives, protesting against the whole system.
