1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1083
learned opinion, in which he discussed the powers of
the Legislative Council. He held that the 'law and cus-
tom of Paiiiament' did not apply to a legislature created
by a written chartfe; that all the powers of the Council
must be sought tor in the act of Parliament; that the right
of committing a witness for contempt lor not appearing
hefnre an investigating committee, however well estab-
lished by long pres.eription m the British Houses of Parlia-
ment, was not given by the statute; that such a power,
though it might sometimes be convenient an4,expedient,
wgs never necessary for the pui poses of legislation. From
this decision the defendant appealed, but it was affirmed
by the Privy Counffll, several eminent judges sitting in the
case.
" So in Keilly vs. Carson, 4 Moore's Privy Council Rep.,
63, it was h'.id that the House of Assembly of Newfound-
land doe-? not possess the power to arrest a person, with
a view to adjudication, on a contempt committed out of
the House. A number of the most distinguished English
judges also sat in tins ease, which affords another illus-
tiation of the diffeienee between powers resting on custom
and prescription and those created by written charter.
" ft is established by the powerful argumentation of the
case of Fenton vs Hampton, from 11 Moore, just cited, that
the common law of the Parliament of Great Britain—now
invoked by the Senate—is its own, peculiar, traditional, pre-
historical custom, and therefore its latv ; that it does not find
its origin, as the law of the Houses of Parliament, in the
bare fact that they are legislative bodies; that the powers
this law lecogmzesaienot inherent and incidental powers,
pertaining to them simply because they are legislative as-
semblies. On the contrary, that these powers flow from
( the law and custom of Parliament,' whlie the Senate seems
to assume that the law and custom of Parliament are the
consequences of the powers.
" And further: the case deciding that none of the colonial
parliaments or legislative councils ever had, or now pos-
sess, those poweis, it follows, by necessaiy consequence,
that they did not pertain to our own colonial or ante-revo-
lutionary legislatures. They were not incidental, inherent
powers; but they were derived to the British Parliament
whally from the traditionary law of the Parliament; and
they pertain only to that body, (i. e. the Parliament,) with
whom is the tradition, preserved among its own recollec-
tions of itself, which have outlived the parchment upon
which the law—in theory, at least—was wutten, and the
historical record of its origin.
" The powers, rights, and duties of Congress are not tra-
ditional. Their origin is purely historical. Their begin-
ning, their intent, their boundaries and definitions, are
written eut on the lollsof the Constitution, and are no
more conjectural than the origin of the Constitution itself.
" The question as to how lar the powers of the Senate
and House, in regard to ponteinpts, were like those of the
Houses o\ Parliament,has not\etbecn settled b\ lone con-
tinued practice, acquiesced in by the people, and confirmed
by the courts. So fai fiom fehis, as far as our examination
has gone, the exercise of such powcis has been alwius re-
sisted. Thus, in Dudne's ca3e, who was committed for
publishing a libel on the Senate, a large and icspectable
minority opposed the cxercisc of the powei. (2 Benton's
Abridgment of Debates. 407 to 426.)
" So when Randall, charged with an attempt to bribe a
member, was arrested and reprimanded by the Speaker of
the House, the proceeding was opposed by some of the
members. (1 Benton's Abridgment, 622.)
" John Anderson had attempted to bribe a member of the
House. He was arrested by order of the House, on a war-
rant issued by the Speaker, to bung him before that body
to answer for this, as a contempt. He was in the custody
of the Sergeant-at-Arms for several days, and then, after a
heai ing at the bar of the House, he was ordered to be repri-
manded by the Speaker. The reprimand being accoidmgly j
administered, he was discharged. The power of the House
was m this case earnestly contested by some of its ablest
members, among whom were John t'. Spencer of New
Yoik, and Philip P. Barbour, of Virginia. (6 Benton's
Abndg., 90, 93, &e.)
"Anderson afterwards sued the Sergeant-at-Arms, but
the Supreme Court held that the defendant was justified m
making the airc-t by the warrant of the Speaker. The
case, however, does not, as is often supposed, decide that
the House has a general power of committing for con-
tempts, or even that they had it in this case; but «nly that,
as the House had in some cases a power of bunging a party
before it to answer for a contempt, it was not necessaiy for
the justification of the officer that the warrant should spe-
cily what the alleged contempl was.
"In the year J 837, in the course of an inquiry before a
committee of tne I-Iause, raised to try certain members of
that body who were charged with conuption, an act was
passed to compel witnesses to appear and testify before
congressional committees. The act was passed in great
haste, in consequence of a witness refusing to testify. It
provided that any person summoned as a witness, by the
authouty of either House of Congress, to give testimony or
to produce papers, upon any matter before either House, or
any committee of either Hou-:e, who shall willfully make
default, or who appearing, shall iefuse to answer any ques-
tion pertinent to the matter of inquity, should, in addition
to the pains and penalties then existing, be liable to indict-
ment tor a misdemeanor in any court of the United States
having jurisdiction thereof, and nn conviction should pay
a fine not exceeding $1,000 and riot less than $100, and
suffer imprisonment in the common jail not less than one
month nor moie than twelve months.
"The statute further provided that no witness before
either House or any committee should be held to answer
criminally m any court, or be subject to any penalty or for-
feiture, tor any fact or act touching which he should be
requited to testify, and that no statement made or paper
produced by any fcuch witness before either House or any
committee should be competent testimony against such
witness in any .criminal proceeding in any court; and no
such witness should be allowed to lefuse to testify oi pro-
duce any paper, for the reason that his testimony or the
pioduetion of such papers might tend to disgrace him, or
otherwise render him infamous.
" This act was made to suit a particular occasion. Messrs.
Hai,e, Wilson, Seward, and Pugh resisted its passage
witn gieat ability, and endeavoicd to amend it,but without
success. The object for which the act was made was per-
fectly legitimate—to aid in examining into charges of offi-
cial mis-conduct against members of the House. Hence the
objections then brought against its passage probably did not
strike so forcibly as they would have done at another time.
"Those Senators urged that it was a great eutrage and a
violation of the established principles of law to compel a
man to accuse himself of crime; that no man ought to be
called on to disgrace himself; that the proceeding was in-
quisitorial ; and that Congress could not protect a man
against a prosecution in a State court for any cnmc of
which he might accuse himself
" In the House, as well as in the Senate, the passage of
the act was resisted. Mr. Seward, in the Senate, offered
an amendment to limit the operation of the act to witnesses
summoned in eases within the constitutional jurisdiction
of the Houses of Congress.
"The debate on this act, both in the Senate and House,
as well as the act itself, show that many members regarded
the right of punishing contumacious witnesses for contempt
by the meie authority of either House was quite problem-
atical. The act was passed because there was a general
feeling of the insufficiency of the powers of either House to
compel witnesses to attend. The act, however, does not
profess to give any new powers to the Housesof Congress,
Indeed it might appear that, when the statute says ' in ad-
dition to the pains and penalties now existing,5 it implied
a recognition of somepowers over contumacious witnesses
to be reserved to each House of Congress. Yet a single
glance at the Constitution makes it apparent that, since the
passage of the act, the contumacy of a witness cited before
a committee is an offense which neither House of Con-
gress can now punish.
" The Constitution provides expressly that' the trial of
all crimes, except in cases of impeachment, shall be by
jury.' (Art. Ill, sec. 2.) Whether beiore the passage of
the act of 1857 the refusal of a witness to appear before a
committee was a crime within this provision, needs not to
be considered. But since that act has declared it au in-
dictable misdemeanor, it is a crime which can only be tried
by a jury. If the Senate, then, adjudge the act committed
a contempt, it tries the party without a jury for the very
same act for which our client is entitled to a trial by jury.
" The provision of the act of 1837 remits the paity ac-
cused of contempt of congressional summons to the indi-
cia! tribunals within the jurisdiction of which the contempt
was committed.
"The disobedience lias become an indictable misde-
meanor; giand juries must examine into it, courts must
issue wariants oi arrest. The accused demand, as of right,
atrial by jury, and the courts of law alone can render judg-
ment. It is no sufficient reply to this view to be told that
the ' pains and penalties then existing' by law were not
abolished. It is true, we also read the statute thus. But
hii whom «iic the 1 pains and penalties' to be adjudicated1*
'Pbe act ot 18.Y7 is pcifeetly clear in its answer. The fine
and impusonmcnt in the penitentiary are punishments to
be imposed i<i addition to the existing < pains and penalties '
The party accused is,byaptand cautious words, subjected
to criminal indictment, and the prosecuting officers are re-
quired to pursue him.
" Now it i- deai that one tribunal cannot try an offender
and another impose a part of the punishment; nor can two
tiy him lor the same offense; nor can one deal with him
in paTt and the other in part. The truth is, wo submit,
that undei this act Congress has provided, by a new law, a
new forum, a new ciiminal pioeeeding, and an additional
penalty in place of the old, cumbrous, and unsatisfactory
accusation, uial, and punishment by legislative bodies
themselves, of contemners ot their authority.
" Will it be said, in reply, that the Senate may condemn
a public officer, under impeachment, impose the constitu-
tional penalty, and that nevertheless the same officer, as a
private individual, may suffer punishment, under proceed-
ings by indictment, lor the very act on accountof which lie
was impeached? We admit it. But that reply is no refu-
tation of our position; for the Constitution, by express
wouls, has in that single case permitted such double trial
and double punishment; the one to ml the Government of
an unworth} officer, the other to piotect civil society against
an unwoithy member.
"'Judgment ui cases of impeachment shall not extend
urtherthan to removal from office and disqualification to
hold and enjoy any office of honor, tiust, or profit under the
United States ; but the party convictcd shall nevertheless be
liable and subject to indictment, trial, judgment, and punish-
ment according to law(U. S. Const-, Art. 1, sec. 3.)
" Admitting, however, that by the words ' in addition to
the pains and'penalties now existing,' Congress intended
to icscrve to both Houses the right to punish contumacious
witnesses, even then, we icpeat it, they have designed
what cannot be effected, except by a violation of the Con-
stitution, since every contumacious witness is now guilty
of a crane, and therefore can only be tried by a jury.
" It is tim*, that in the ease oi John W. Woleott. brought
befoie the House as a contumacious witness in IS5S, it ap-
pears to have been taken for granted that the statute of 1857
had not diminished the powei ot the*House. Butthe course
pursued in that ease has no weight as an authoiity, since
the great constitutional question, whether the action of the
House would not interfere with the constitutional right of
trial bv tury, was never presented, either by Woleott him-
self, his"counsel, or any lepte^cntative.
" We regret that the shoittirae wo have had to devote to
this argument ha^ enabled us to give but a veiy cursory ex-
amination to the debates m Congress, which have touched
the great constitutional questions which we wish to present
to the Senate. We might have raised another. When the
resolution creating the Harper's Ferry investigating com-
mittee was passed, the House of Representatives was as yet
unorganized. The Thirty-Sixth Congiess. as a legislative
bodvi had as> yet no existence. It was incapable of any
legislative action. 'The Senate, as a part of the national
Legislature, could do nothing except organize itself. It
could not legislate. Could it. then, institute an inquiry pre-
liminary to legislation? The question is an interesting ands
important one; hut as its decision one way or the other-
does not appear to our client to endanger the liberties of the
citisen, he authorizes us, without any argument, to leave it
to the honorable Senate to decide whether the resolution^
is not, on this ground, a mere nullity.
" To recapitulate: The Inquisition delegated to tbecom-
mittec, being an inquiry as to who committed crimes, was
a judicial one, and a usurpation of the functions of toe ju-
diciary.
" The object of the inquisition being unconstitutional,
the Senate could have no power to compel the attendance
of witnesses before the committee. • :
" The investigation's being made with a view to legisla-
tion cannot give the Senate authority to make a judicial
inquisition as to the authors of specific crimes, if it would
not othervvis&liave possessed such authority.
" .Even had the inquisition been constitutional, still, being
for legislative purposes, the Senate could not coerce die av
tendance of witnesses.
" All the powers of the Senate are derived from the Con-
stitution, and not gained by long prescription, like those of
the Houses of Parliament in Great Bntain.
" The power of committing witnesses for contempt in
cases of this kind is not given directly by the Constitution,
or by necessary implication, because legislation can be
effected by it without any such power.
" This is not a case in which the Senate has judicial ot
gwasi-judicial power; in which case authority to compel
the attendance of witnesses as a necessary incident of the
power need not be disputed.
" Since the statute of 1857 has made the refusal of a wit-
ness to appear before a committee an indictable offense,
the Senate cannot try any such witness for a contempt, be-
cause that would be to try him for a crime without a jury,
in violation of the Constitution. We deny, then, the power
of the Senate committee to act as inquisitor in regard io
crimes. We deny their right to drag our client ftora his
home in New York to testify before them.
" If the Senate can thus usurp some of the fuRCtions of
the judiciary, what other functions of the judiciary or the
executive may they not assume ? The liberties of the people
aie gone,if the Senate by its own power can create a se-
cret inquisitorial tribunal, and compel any witnesses they
please to appear before it.
" The power of punishmentforcontempt is always arbi-
trary and dangeions, whether exercised by courts or legis
lativc bodies. The constitutions and the legislation of the
United States and of the several States have been con-
stantly aiming to limit and define it. It is dangerous, be-
cause the party injured becomes the judge in his own case
both of law and fact. It involves, therefore, a violation of
one of the first principles of justice, and is only to be sus-
tained by the pxtremest necessity. We believe that the
House and Senate have seldom been called to act in a case
of alleged contempt, in which the power has not been se-
riously questioned, and in which, from a just sense of its
arbitrary chaiaotor, they have not aimed to make the pun-
ishmentlight rather than severe. In the cases, for instance,
of John Andeison and General Houston, the reprimands of
the Speaker of the House appear small punishments com-
pared with the gravity of the charges against them.
" In conclusion, we would say that our t lient, in denying
the authority of the Senate to compel him to appear and
testify befoie the comrnitte, has been guided solely by a con-
viction of right and a sense of duty. We have gieat con-
fidence that the Senate, on examination, will come to the
conclusion that he has been guilty of no contempt, and that
they cannot sentence him, except by the exercise ot an ar~
bitiary power utterly subversive of the Constitution. Thn
honor of the Senate will be best maintained by moderating
their assertion of privileges, so that they shall be sure not to
invade the rights and liberties of the people.
" The party who has the honor to answer before this hon-
orable Senate seeks to foiget himself in the representation
of a cause involving private right and public liberty.
"The splendid structure of the common law, the vast
body of principles, maxims, and rules, which illustrate the
science of jurisprudence, arc not the work of theorists or
scholiasts. They comprise the practical discoveries and
enunciations of judges and jurists, who were challenged to
the ta&k by actual cases and the actual assertion before
them ot individual rights, and not unfrequently by the
humblest citizens or subjects, referring the loftiest tribunals
back to the study of the source and extent of their own
jurisdiction and powers.
"The respect and confidence due'to the august assem-
bly before \v hom he stands forbid the weakness of apologs'.
He i-i a citizen of a countrv common to the Senators them-
selves. In the attitude he'has taken he is serving a cause
common to them all. In allowing certain great questions
af universal interest and concern to find a trial and discus-
sion inhis name and over his person, lie feels that he has
onlv performed a duty to the Senate itself, as well as to the
country. He knows that an American Senate wifl never
deem the peaceful, respectful defense of a citizen (after the
appropriate method) disioyaify to his country or contempt
of its authority.
•k With a full sense of the patriotic purposes of the Sen-
ate and of its committee, of the urbanity with which lie has
been treated in his relations to them and to this inquiry,
and with a sense of the burden of inconvenience and mis-
construction to which he maybe subjected ; butguided by
a deep conviction of public and piivatc duty, with no wish
to avoid responsibility or to sequester the truth, with the
most respectful and dutiful intent, he confides himself and
his cause to the wisdom and patriotism of a body, the most
august which an American can know.
« S. E. SEWALL.
"JOHN A. ANDREW."
In addition to the learned argument of his counsel, as
, herein submitted, the undersigned would add a Jewremarks
I in continuation of his answer to the first interrogate! y of
j the honorable Senate—-his purpose being to show, hom the
] writings ot the men who constructed the Constitution, what
, weie their views of its scope and bearing?, and what state
i of the public mind of their day it was that led to the adop-
! tion of tiiose amendments, in view of which he denies that
