1859.- ...
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
South was, that by disturbing the labor of the
South, the harvest of the growing crop would bo
lost, and they anticipated, knowing it beforehand,
when it was not known in the markets of the
world, to be the buyers of cotton, and thus reap
the advantage of the foray which they instigated.
Mr. President, in the case before us, the object
undeniably was to incite to insurrection the ignor-
ant slaves who were peacefully living in the relation
of domestics to their southern masters. Apologet-
ically, it would seem, for the crime thus described,
we have had cited to us the language of the Dec-
laration of 'Independence. Miserable prostitution
of the ideas of noble men announced in support
of the noblest cause. Is it recollected that the
bright period of Fisher Ames's life was when his
eloquence eulminatedin denunciation ofthe British
policy of employing savages against our revolu-
tionary forefathers? and the name of Chatham, if
he had done nothing else, would have been ren-
dered immortal by the virtue and power he dis-
played in the arraignment of the policy of his own
Government, and his denunciation of the crime of
employing the red savages of this continent to
murder the women and children, and wage the war
of barbarians against the colonists who, though
in rebellion and at war with the British, were to
be regarded as people of their own blood. But
that crime, great as it was, sinks into insignifi-
cance if compared with this which is the subject
of our present consideration. In that, the excuse
of war, annulling all political obligations, could
be offered; the Indians were a distinct people, and
could be guarded against as such; in this, the
relation of peace continues—the closest alliance
which can exist between separate States binds the
people of the United States together. Thenegroes,
as domestics, have access at all hours through the
unlocked doors of their masters' houses; and if
their weak minds should be instigated to arson,
murder, and rapine, the confidence of their pro-
tectors would render the first act of crime one of
easy perpetration. How much deeper, then, is
the crime of him who would incite a slave insur-
rection than was that of the immortal, infamous
minister of Great Britain, who armed the savage
Indians against our ancestors. But how much
better would he be than the criminal involved,
who, in the hall of Federal legislation, would seek
to obstruct inquiry or to dull the sword of justice
in favor of him whose crime connects with all that
is most abhorrent to humanity, the violation of
every obligation to the social compact, the laws,
the Constitution, the requirements of public vir-
tue and personal honor.
Is this, then, Mr. President, a time to wander
off into economical considerations on the employ-
ment of slave labor, to ask whether it is better to
cultivate lands with one species of labor than
another ? Is this a time to propose the policy of
the deportation of free negroes from the non-
slaveholdmg States. At such a time as this, we
might well reply, the underground railroad takes
away our labor; you prove when it gets among
you, what we told you beforehand, that that class
of people were unable to take care of themselves;
they become a burden upon you, and then you
ask us to be taxed 111 order that they may be car-
ried away. It is a simple proposition to steal a
man's negro, and then take money out of his
pocket to send the negro away, because he is
found to be a nuisance after he is stolen. Wo
have 110 share in the transaction. It is a hard
contract in the first instance, and a little worse in
the second form in which it is presented. Living
together in the relation of master and servant,
and undisturbed by incendiaries who offer them
propositions which they have not the mind to
conceive; living peaceably together, each is the
better for the presence of the other. The white
race could subsist without the black; the negro
could not exist in anything like a civilized condi-
tion without the presence of the white man.
But, Mr. President, I am unwilling to go in
pursuit of the Senator over the wide field he has
occupied in relation to a question which, if it ever
be proper to discuss, it certainly ought to be post-
poned to some other period.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I rise only to
say to the Senate that I trust on both sides of the
House they will allow the vote to be taken. Sen-
ators will bear me witness that when I introduced
the resolution I offered no remark. When the
vote was about to be taken, as I thought on the
amendment of the Senator from Illinois, I still
offered no remark. I knew that if the inquiry was
to be of any value it must be instituted promptly.
Now I ask Senators on both sides—I have been
told that some of my friends on this side desire to
speak, but I ask them to refrain. When the in-
quiry shall have been made they will have the
facts, and then discussion may be of some value.
I trust, therefore, they will allow the vote to be
taken at once. If it is the pleasure of the Senate
to adopt the amendment let it be done; but if it is
done I shall feel it my duty to my State to wipe my
.hands of it. I shall be satisfied that the inquiry
is not to be conducted for any purpose of value to
them, and I shall be satisfied that no results of any
value to them will come from the inquiry. Let the
Senate, however, adopt the amendment if they
think proper. I hope the vote will be taken.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, before the vote
is taken, I desire, in a few words, to reply to some
allusions made by Senators on the other side of
the Chamber. I will be very brief in the remarks
I feel impelled to make in response to Senators
who have referred to the observations made by
me the other day,
Senators have assumed that we are iri a state of
excitement—that the country is in peril. 1 feel
no excitement; I see none here; and I fail to re-
alize any peril to the country. The invaders of
Harper's Ferry sleep in bloody graves, or they
wander in other lands, or await their fate within
prison walls. Their fate is sealed; their doom
certain. The Senator from Virginia [Mr. Ma-
son] emphatically assures us that their slaves are
contented and loyal to their masters; order reigns,
we are assured. The United States six per cent,
stocks sell for one hundred and seventeen percent.,
cotton brings high prices, and men and women,
the "Virgintial crop," to use the words of the
late Representative of the Harper's Ferry dis-
trict, bring prices that should make glad the
hearts of all who are interested in that traffic.
There is no panic, no peril, no excitement. But,
sir, Isee, or think I see, ail attempt in the coun-
try, which has been going on for weeks, to raise
an excitement, to get up a panic for the purpose
of calling out the gentlemen in the North, of the
Fifth Avenue Hotel stripe, who have long puises,
to make large contributions, and of inducing gen-
tlemen in our part of the country, who have Been
retired by the people from public life, to come
forward and attract notoriety by endeavoring to
allay an alleged excitement.
Now, sir,"in reply to the remarks made by the
Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Iverson,] with ref-
erence to the public sentiment of my section of
the country, I repeat what I said—that the senti-
ment in my State approaches unanimity in con-
demnation of the raid of John Brown, into the
State of Virginia. That is what I understand to
be the sentiment of my State, the sober judgment
of the people. If there be any man in Massachu-
setts, especial! y any Republican in Massachusetts,
who upholds or justifies that act, he has my
unqualified opposition and condemnation. But,
sir, I wish to deal frankly with Senators on the
other side, and to say that the sentiment of my
State approaches unanimity in sympathy for the
fate of the leader of that invasion. It springs
mainly and chiefly from what transpired after
that event, during his imprisonment, his trial, and
his execution. His words, his letters, his bear-
ing, everything about him, extorted admiration
from friends and foes. The Senator from Rhode
Island [Mr. Simmons] said you could not silence
the feelings of the human heart. He uttered a
true sentiment, and while there are meetings sym-
pathizing with him, I believe the people are quite
unanimous in deploring his action, and in con-
demning that action.
The Senator from Georgia, also, and the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] took occa-
sion, after the explanation I made, to refer to
that matter again, and to say what I ought to have
done under the circumstances that transpired. I
thought differently then; I think differently now.
My sentiments were known to every man there,
and to no man better than the man who addressed
that meeting, offered that resolution, and sent
those letters; for he has spent hours in denouncing
the sentiments and opinions I entertain on ques-
tions connected with slavery. I did not wish to
be mixed up in that affair in any way; I knew
the act was of no earthly consequence whatever,
and the mass of that, meeting! so knew, and so
regarded it. ■ „•
I say to Senators on the other side of the
Chamber, that they ought to understand «3 before
they condemn us for attending public meetings
and listening to the speeches-or resolutions of
those with whom we do not agree, and they ought
to understand the condition of things in my por-
tion of the country. I say to the Senator from
Georgia that in Massachusetts we have absolute
freedom of speech and of the press. We deal
with all public questions, all social questions, all
questions that concern the human race. We have
nothing there that prevents the fullest and bold-
est discussion; and it is the practice, it is the cus-
tom of our people, to attend meetings, and to
attend them .often, and to listen to speakers with
whom they do not agree in any way whatever.
Why, sir, if the Senator from Mississippi or the
Senator from Georgia should go into my State
and undertake to address the people upon the
subject of slavery, and state their opinions, and
avow the doctrines of the acquisition of Cuba
and Central America, ofthe opening of the slave
trade, or of the dissolution of the Union, their
meetings would be thronged by the people; they
would be' listened ■ to in peace, received kindly,
and should they utter sentiments that the people
approve they would be applauded to the echo,
although their opinions upon these matters would
meet with no response. The people would reflect
upon what they said; they would judge for them-
selves. They might have audiences of thou-
sands, and not have a half-dozen sympathizers
in the whole body, but they would be listened to
as attentively as we listen to them here in this
Chamber.
Mr. BROWN. Will the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. BROWN. Does the Senator think that I
could go to the town of Natick, in which he lives,
and introduce a resolution, and have it passed, in
a mass meeting, if I had but half a dozen sympa-
thizing friends present, in favor of reopening the
African slave trade ? Does he think that ?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir. I say that if we
had in the town where I live half a dozen men in
favor of reopening the slave trade, or in favor of
any other measure connected with slavery, no
matter what it might be, and if those persons
should hire a hall and invite the Senator there,
and he should make a speech and offer resolutions
for them to deal with, the whole community
would stand by and not interfere with them.
Their rights would be respected.
Mr. BROWN. \understand that perfectly.
Mr. WILSON. That was the precise charac-
ter of the meeting alluded to at which I was
present. Most of those present did not consider
it their meeting.
Mr. BROWN. If it were a meeting of partic-
ular parties, of those who were in favor of re-
opening the African slave trade, everybody else
would stand out of the way; but if in such a
meeting we undertook to pass resolutions, not in
our own name, but in the name of the whole
community, should we be allowed to do it?
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator means to ask
whether he could call a meeting and undertake to
put forth such sentiments as the opinion of all the
people, it might be different, and those who were
present who did not sympathize with him might,
m that case, vote against him. But what I mean
to say is this—any body of men, any class of men,
no matter how small and unpopular they may be,
in my section of the country, may hire a hall and
call a meeting and have a speaker, and the people
llock to hear them often by thousands and hear
them patiently, taking no part in the meeting, and
allow them to pass resolutions which the public
sentiment entirely condemns. I have attended
over and over again meetings, some of them meet-
ings of one, two, and three thousand people, and
heard men make speeches and pass violent reso-
lutions, although there were not present one hun-
dred persons who sympathized with them. Sir,
this is often the case.
Mr. BROWN The rule of allowing persons
of all persuasions and opinions to pass their res-
olutions quietly, if they pass them in their own
name, is, I think, universal in this country. Any
body of men may resolve in favor of anything
they think proper; but when they undertake to
