1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at six o'clock.
TERM OF KENTUCKY COURTS.
Mr. POWELL. I ask the consent of the Sen-
ate to take up the bill of the House of Represent-
atives No. 819. It ought to be put on its passage
at once, and will not take a moment.
There being no objection, the Senate, as m
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 819) providing for additional
terms of the circuit and districtcourts inthe State
of Kentucky. It provides that, in addition to the
terms of the circuit and district courts of the Uni-
ted States for the district of Kentucky, now pro-
vided for by law, a term of the circuit court and
of the district court of the United States for the
district of Kentucky shall be held in the city of
Louisville, in that district, commcncing on the
fourth Monday in April in each year; and a term
of each of the courts is likewise to be held at that
city, commencing on the fourth Monday in Sep-
tember in each year. Each of the terms is to con-
tinue, if the business shall require it, twelve ju-
dicial days; and special terms of the courts, or
either of them, may be held at the city of Louis-
ville, at such other times as the district judge may
appoint; and process may be made returnable to
any general or special term of the district or cir-
cuit court, at the city of Louisville, at any suc-
ceeding term thereof, notwithstanding a term of
the courts may, in the mean time, be held at the
seat of government of the State of Kentucky, or
elsewhere. Italso provides for holding additional
terms of the circuit and districtcourts of the Uni-
ted States for the district of Kentucky, twice dur-
ing each year, at Covington, commencing on the
second Monday in January and September, and
if the public business shall require it, special
terms of the courts, or cither of them. It further
provides for the holding of additional terms of the
circuit and district courts of the United States for
the district of Kentucky, twice during each and
every year, at Paducah, Kentucky, commencing
at such times as may be fixed by the presiding
judge of the court, and continuing twelve judicial
days each, if the public business shall require it;
and special terms at such other times as the dis-
trict judge of the United States for the district of
Kentucky may appoint.
Other provisions are made for the regulation
of clerks' offices, the return of process, the estab-
lishment of rules and regulations by the district
judge, and all other things that are necessary to
carry out the objects of the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred an order submitted by
Mr. Hemphill on the 8th instant, to print extra
copies of the report of the Commissioner of Pat-
ents on agriculture, reported it with an amendment
to strike'out fifteen thousand and insert ten thou-
sand; and it was considered and agreed to,asfol-
lows:
Ordered, That ten thousand copies of the annual report
of tile Commissioner of r.uenta on agriculture be printed,
in addition to the ten thousand ordered February 9, I860,
ler the use of the Senate.
EDWARD ELY.
Mr. BIGLER. I shall be glad to have the
unanimous consent of the Senate to take up a
bill, which I think will not take more than two
minutes to pass, to enable the Secretary of the
Treasury to settle a small account of a deceased
consul at Bombay. It involves an amount which
cannot be settled because the vouchers were lost.
I move to take up that bill, (S. No. 411.) to au-
thorize the settlement of the accounts of Edward
Ely, deceased, late consul of the United States at
Bombay, on principles of justice and equity. It
has been reported from the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
There being no objection, the bill was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury to settle, upon principles of justice and
equity, the accounts of Edwaid Ely, deceased,
late consul of the United States at Bombay, and
directs him to pay to the legal representatives of
the decedent whatsoever sum shall appear to be
due him upon the settlement of the account.
Mr. BIGLER. I will state the facts of the
case.
Mr. TOOMBS. Never rnina; it is all right.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
TONNAGE DUTIES.
Mr, TOOMBS. My honorable friend, the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce, [Mr. Clay,]
has been sick for the last two weeks, and he has
a small bill here, which he is anxious to pass,
giving the assent of Congress to a law of the State
of Alabama to levy tonnage duty for the improve-
ment of the harbor of Mobile. There is not a
dollar in it. It is simply to give that authority.
Mr. GRIMES. I object to it.
Mr. TOOMBS. Do you object to it?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask the majority of the
Senate to take it up. I shall not take one objec-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. KING. I ask for the yeas and nays upon
the motion.
Mr. TOOMBS. You shall have them, from
now till the end of the session.
Mr. KING. I desire to say that a proposition
to levy tonnage duties ought not to be taken up
in this way with a very tlnn Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is to allow a State to impose
tonnage duties on herself.
Mr. HUNTER. Who objects to it?
Mr. TOOMBS. Those gentlemen who want
new allies for their robbery.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On the ques-
tion of taking up this bill, the Senator from New
York has demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
what the bill is.
Mr. TOOMBS. Here is the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Docs the Sen-
ator want the bill read ?
Mr. HING. I want it read.
The S^cLgigary proceeded to- read the hill (S.
No. 85) dMaring the consent of Congress to any
act which may be passed by the Legislature of
the State of Alabama, authorizing the municipal
authorities of the city of Mobile to impose and
collect a duty on the tonnage of vessels from any
port entering the port of Mobile.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Can the bill be taken up
except by general consent?
Mr. TOOMBS. Why not?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is competent
for a majority of the Senate to take it up.
Mr. FESSENDEN. While another bill is
pending?
Mr. HAMLIN. There is another bill before
the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first busi-
ness in order is that which was under considera-
tion when the Senate took a recess; but that can
be passed over by the body, and they can pro-
ceed to the consideration of other business.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is a question for a majority
of the Senate. I am asking it oil behalf of an
absent friend, and it can be determined now as
well as at any other time. It is to do a simple
act of justice.  
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a question that will
be very much discussed.
Mr. TOOMBS. Come and discuss it. I am
ready to meet a discussion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a matter of that kind
that I think should hardly be taken up in the
present condition of business.
Mr. TOOMBS. You can pass money bills, but
you cannot pass a bill to allow the people to tax
themselves.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish the Senator from
Georgia would give way, to allow me to take up
a little bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will not give way. I want
the Senate to consider it or defeat it. It is not my
bill. The chairman of the committee has been
sick for two or three weeks, and he wants the bill
considered. If the Senate is not full enough to
consider it, they are not full enough to consider
the depletion of the Treasury.
Mr. GRIMES. I was the one who objected to
this bill being taken up, and I objected for this
reason: I thirSk that a very important principle is
involved in it.
Mr. TOOMBS. So there is. . /
Mr. GRIMES. We settle the principle in this
case that a corporation, or individuals, or aSt^te,
may levy tonnage duties at the mouth of a river
so as to control the navigation of the strgajii.
Now, I live on the Mississippi river; and I am
not willing to cede to the city, of New Orleans, or
to the State of Louisiana, the privilege to con-
trol the entire commerce of that stream. At any
rate, 1 am not willing that the Senate, in the pres-
ent condition of things here, with the seats nearly
empty, should take up a question of that kjnd,
and settle if, so as to use a precedent which will
be considered as foreclosing the whole question
in future. I desire to say, in addition, that I cer-
tainly did not object because of the absence of the
Senator from Alabama, for whom I entertain very
great respect; but I certainly objected to it be-
cause it involves, in my apprehension, a great
principle, which very deeply affects the people of
my State.
Mr. TOOMBS. The great principle here is
simply to allow the people, according to forty pre-
cedents, to tax themselves. The Senate is full
enough to vote money out of the Treasury. If
it is full enough for one question, it is full enough
for another, and I will insist on this bill, or that
no legislation shall bo carried out until the Senate
is full.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I believe it has not been
customary with the Senate in its present state to
take up bills to which there was any objection.
If a motion is made to take up a particular bill,
and objection is made that the Senate is too thin,
it is laid aside. It is only by a sort of courtesy
that we take up bills in such a condition of y e
Senate as the present, when there is no objection
made from any quarter, befcause it is understood
there is no objection to the bill itself. It is a very
different thing when you come to take up a bill
which Senatois must know will creatc a great
deal of discussion, to which there is very serious
objection.
Mr. TOOMBS. I did not suppose there was
an honest man who objected to it. It is to allow
them, in accordance with the precedents for forty
years, to tax themselves.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is very consider-
able objection to it. I do not claim to be over
honest, and make no particular professions any
more than anybody else; and yet, sir, at present,
in my present view, I am opposed to this bill. I
do not know that I should bo, on full discussion
and examination. It is a question I did not sup-
pose would come up now. I have held myself m
reserve upon it, without committing myself at
all. I am willing to give it a fair consideration;
but to take a question of that kind up in the pres-
ent condition of the Senate, and urge it to a con-
clusion when nobody is prepared to discuss it, ex-
cept, perhaps, the friends of the bill, I think is
hardly the ordinary course to be pursued under
such circumstances. I never should think of mov-
ing to take up a bill, though I do not claim to
make any rule for others, to which I knew, or had
reason to know, there was considerable objection
under such circumstances.
Mr. TOOMBS. Let me tell you, when you
say this is an extraordinary measure, that, for
forty years there has never been the least objec-
tion to such propositions, except by the friends
of internal improvements, who want to make
allies for bad projects of those who have good
ones.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are a great many
friends of internal improvements upon this floor,
Mr. President; and, according to the mode of logic
adopted by the Senator from Georgia, 1 suppose
they are all men who want to rob the Treasury
for private purposes. _
Mr- TOOMBS. That is my view. You de-
scribed me properly. _
Mr. FESSENDEN. All who have the misfor-
tune to differ with the Senator from Georgia, are
robbers of'the Treasury, and do not know any-
thing either. It is a very easy way of disposing
of people. The query is, whether he makes any-
body else believe it.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe the appropriation
bill is the business in order, on which the Sena-
tor from Korth Carolina [Mr. Bkagg] has the
floor; and I hope we will go on with it.
