2028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Ah! he was a Dem-
ocratic merchant from Philadelphia. Wa:3 he a
Democratic merchant from New York?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I do not
suppose there is any such there. [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania, when he argues upon his own
supposition, is always correct; he never is false
except when he sticks to facts. I have no time
now to argue the question of the custom-house
within the time assigned for this debate. The
warehouse, however, is to the importer what the
factory is to the manufacturer, and this is an as-
cribed competition existing only in fancy, not in
fact, between the manufacturer and the importer.
And I now propose to the other side of the House
that we take no question upon this section here,
but allow it to be reported to the House, in order
that we may take the yeas and nays upon it.
Will gentlemen consent to that? [Cries of " No!"
"Not"] Then, as that is not assented to, I call
for tellers on the motion to strike out.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Traiist and
Florence were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 39, noes 98.
So the motion to strike out was disagreed to.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move, without
argument, to strike out the proviso to the thirtieth
section, as follows:
"Provided, That tr^n per centum on the amount of all
drawbacks so allowed shall for retained lor the iw- ot' the
United States, by the collectors payin? such drawbacks, re-
spectively."
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Cleric then finished the reading of the
bill.
Mr. FLORENCE. I intended to offer a sub-
stitute for the bill at the proper time. We have
rcached the end of the bill, and I will now offer it.
The CHAIRMAN. No Riibstitute is now in
order. If the gentleman proposes to amend the
original bill by the addition of a new scetion, he
can do so.
Mr. FLORENCE. I propose to add several
new sections. 1 propose an amendment for the
entire bill.
Several Members. Let us iw.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have no objection to the
committee rising. I stated thatat the proper Lime
I would oiler a substitute lor the hill, very much
less complicated than the bill, and effecting all the
purposes desired
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman has an
amendment to oiler, he will oiler it.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I will offer this as a
substitute for the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not in oider.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I oifrritas an amend-
ment to the bill. 1 move to strike out several
sections of the bill, and to insert what I send up.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not m order, in-
asmuch as the committee has already passed the
sections of the bill, and adopted then),
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I will move it as an
amendment to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has a right
to do that.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. 1 understand that
the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] had
proposed the amendment.* contained m his sub-
stitute «•? we were progressing with the original
bill. If so, there is but one substitute or amend-
ment now pending. I desire to be informed as
to whether that is the factor not.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
this to be the state of the case: the original bill
has been read through. It is in order to amend
by adding to it. There are two amendments
pending in the nature of substitutes—the one of-
fered by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Hous-
ton*,] and the other by the gentleman from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Morrill.] If no further amendments
are proposed to the bill to perfect it, the substi-
tutes will now l)c read.
Mr. FOSTER. I desire to offe r an additional
section to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. That is in order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. But, in the first
place, I desne to know from the gentleman from
Vermont whether the amendments contained in
his substitute have been already incorporated in
the original bill?
The CHAIRMAN. They have not.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. 1 so understood,
and I believe this side of the House did.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman'was mis-
taken.
Mr. FLORENCE. What has become of my
proposition ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that it
is not in order, bccause it proposes to strike out
what the committee has already adopted.
Mr. FLORENCE. It docs not strike out; it
adds. It is an amendmentfor the entire bill; and,
if adopted, will supersede the hill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules it out of
order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I intimated to the commit-
tee the other day that I should offer this substitute.
I have very little hope that my proposition would
receive much consideration here; butstill I desire
to have it presented to the committee^hat they
may consider it. It is a simple plan for the col-
lection of the revenue; and the bill that would be
most likely to pass the Senate.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania that his amend-
ment would undoubtedly be very proper as a sub-
stitute; but inasmuch as there were two substitutes
pending before he offered his, it is not in order for
nim to offer it until one or the other is disposed of.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 proposed it as a substi-
tute before there was any substitute presented. I
submitted it the other day in discussing this bill,
and I would like to know if it has not precedence
of any other substitute. I submitted it when I
addressed the committer, and before a line or
word of the bill had been read in committee, ex-
cept on the first reading.
The CHAIRMAN. "The Chair thinks thatdocs
not make it an amendment legitimately before the
committee.
Mr. FLORENCE. Can the Chair then tell me—
bccnusc 1 am a veiy submissive soit of person—
at what time it will be in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would have
Rome difficulty, at this time, in telling the gentle-
man precisely when his amendment will be m
order. The Chair rules it out of order now.
Does the gentleman appeal from the decision of
the Chair?
Mr. FLORENCE. No, I do not, bccause I
think it would be idle to do so. I think the pas-
sage of this bill is a foregone conclusion, and I
will take it ptolMbly as the least of two evils. But
I offered my substitute in good faith, believing
that it was a compromise on which we could all
stand.
Mr. BRANCH. I must call the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to order. We have lost our
dinners for two days, and I must object to any
more of this.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to inquire if it
is in order now to offer a substitute for the entire
bill?
r Tho CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not.
That is the very question the Chair has just de-
cided. There are two substitutes already^pend-
mg, and another would be an amendment in the
third degree, which the gentleman from Missis-
sippi is well aware is not admissible.
Mr. BARKSDALE. After those substitutes
have been voted on, will it not then be in order?
The CHAIRMAN. There may be a time
when it will be in oider. It is not now in order.
What may happen the Chair cannot say.
Air. FOSTER. I offer the following as an ad-
ditional section to the bill:
Sec:. 32. Jind be it further enacted. That the Provident
give notice, as provided for in the filth aiticle of the reei-
prooiy treaty concluded with Gie.it Britain on the 5th
June, A 1)18.)'1, that the United States wis-h to terminate
tile said treaty, to the end that it may foe tenmnuted at the
expiration ol the ten years from the date when it came into
operation.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I raise the point
of order on that amendment, that it is not ger-
mane to tho subject-matter of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has had some
doubt about it, but thinks it may possibly he ger-
mane. .That is a question for the committee to
determine.
Mr. FOSTER. If an amendment to abrogate
a treaty which allows $30,000,000 of goods to be
brought into the country annually free of duty, j
is not germane to a bill for raising revenue, 1
do not know what is.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have a proposition to
make which I hope will be assented to by all
sides of the House. I move that the bill and the
accompanying amendments be reported to the
House, with the understanding that in the House
a vote shall be.taken on the substitute of the gen-
tleman from A*labp.ma, and also on the substitute
of the gentleman5 from Vermont, the only two
amendments now before the committee.
Mr. STANTON. I trust that proposition will
not be agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. There are now two amend-
ments pending which are proposed as substitutes
for the bill under consideration. Neither of them
are printed; and it is obvious that if either of them
are to be adopted it should be before us in a form
in which we can understand it. I would suggest,
therefore, that the gentleman from Ohio take an
order to have them printed and let us act upon
them to-morrow,
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to propose an
amendment by way of substitute for the whole
bill. I propose simply the tariff of 1846.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not now
in order, there being already two amendments
pending for the bill.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Will that amendment be
in order when the substitutes have been voted on?
The CHAIRMAN. It will if they are voted
down.
Mr. BRANCH. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio, that the committee rise and report the bill
to the House, is not in order while there are
amendments pending to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Ohio to ask the unanimous con-
sent of the committee to make the motion.
Mr. BRANCH. I certainly object. I under-
stood the gentleman to make the motion, which
would not have been in order without general con-
sent. I want those substitutes voted on in com-
mittee, and I want others to have the privilege
of proposing other amendments and having votes
upon them.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move the follow-
ing as a substitute for the whole bill.
That tho net entitled u An net reducing the duty on im-
ports, and for otlu r pm|)o-e>V approved March 3,18o7, be
lepea'icd ; and that the ad entitled •' An act ledueing the
duty on unpoit-, nnd foi other purposes," approved .July 30,
1R6, be, and th" ,*ame heieby i<, revived, and declared in
lull toree and eficct Irom and alter the 30th day ot June,
1860.
Mr. BARKSDALE. That is the amendment
which I have been trying to introduce.
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment is not
now in order; there being, as tho Chair has stated,
two amendments already pending.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the Chair a
question. The first question now is upon the sub-
stitute of the gentleman from Vermont, as I un-
derstand. Now, if the committee decide to adopt
either substitute, will H then be in order to move
a substitute for the amendment thus adopted?
The CHAIRMAN. The first impression of
the Chair is that it will not. The Chair, how-
ever, will not decide positively until he has had
an opportunity of examining the question.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then if the substitute of the
gentleman from Vermont should be agreed to by
the committee, the gentleman from Mississippi
could not get a vote upon his amendment at all.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi may do all he can to get the committee to
strike down both the amendmentand the amend-
ment to the amendment, when his substitute would
certainly be in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. But suppose that cannot he
done?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already
intimated his present opinion, that an amendment
having once been adopted by the committee, no
further amendment, except by way of addition,
would be in oittar. The Chair, however, will not
decide positively until the question arises.
^ Mr. HOUSTON. I am afraid to trust the
Chair. I do not want to be caught. If the Chair
adheres to his present opinion,and the committee
should then adopt the substitute of the gentleman
'from Vermont, that would preclude all further
motions to amend.
The CHAIRMAN. If a majority of the com-
mittee desire to vote upon the substitute of the
gentleman from Mississippi, the object can very
