THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8.
resolve in the name of a whole community, the
case is different. My objection to the Natick res-
olution was, that it was not passed in the name of
Henry C. Wright and his particular friends, but
in the name of the people of Natick, at a mass
meeting. True it was a meeting called to hear
him make a speech; but when they came to pass
resolutions they passed them not in the name of
Henry C. Wright and his sympathizers, but in
the name of the people of Natick. That was my
objection.
Mr. WILSON. In regard to that meeting, I
say I was there and saw it. I know the character
and opinions of the men who made up the meeting.
The people heard the speech and listened to the
resolutions, but I can assure you that there were
but few persons in that meeting who had the
slightest sympathy with the resolutions. They
did not want to be mixed up with the matter in
any way, and therefore they did not interfere with
the meeting. They did not suppose it of any ac-
count; they did not suppose that it would ever be
heard of by anybody again; and I do not think it
ever would have been heard of if this person had
not chosen to mention my name and the name of
the postmaster.
I know that it is difficult for Senators who live
in a section of the Union where freedom of speech
on some political, moral, and social subjects is not
tolerated, to understand this. Perhaps the Senator
from Georgia may have seen, within the lastfuw
days, a statement that a merchant of Savannah,
a native of a town within seven or eight miles of
where I reside, was taken at midnight out of his
bed and tarred and feathered.
Mr. IVERSON. I have not yet seen a full
account of that proceeding. The Senator says
the man was taken out and tarred and feathered,
under suspicious circumstances. I think that is
not stating the case as fully as it ought to be
stated. It was for expressing sympathy with
John'Brown; for saying that John Brown had
done right—it was for such sentiments, which the
people there considered seditious and calculated
to excite insurrection, that he was tarred and
feathered; and, sir, we will tar and feather every
man who comes to the South and expresses such
views.
Mr. WILSON. I will read from the Savannah
News:
(t We learn that Jast night, about twelve o'clock, a party
who had reason to doubt the orthodoxy, or who believed
in the heterodoxy of Sewall II. Fisk, a dealer in shoes in
this city, and a native of Massachusetts, waited upon him,
and using som« persuasives peculiar to themselves, induced
him to exchange his usual habiliments, and don those that
transmogrified him into a pretty fair representative of
Plato's definition of a man—a cock. He was not game,
however, for he had no spurs ; n<ft did he exhibit any in-
clination to make fight or crow, being, we suppose, oft* from
his own dunghill. The charges against him were, that he
generally expressed abolition !.<?ntimcnts, and that on last
Sabbath evening he read to negroes m his store. These
charges Mr. Fisk denied. He was called out of his stoie
at night, and gagged before lie could make either noise or
resistance. lie was then placed in a carnage and driven
a short distance from the city, and the application, as
above, made to his nude person; lie was then left to find
his way back, as best he could. Ills first appearance In the
limits was near the hospital, where he came in sight of a
watchman, who was so alarmed at the sight that he gave
a spasmodic jerk at his rattle and took to his heels, not
willing to face so dreadful an apparition. A reinforcement,
however, wai brave enough to approach him, when he was
conducted home, the most pitiable object it is possible to
imagine. Not a spot of his skin was visible, and his hair
was trimmed close to his head."
Mr. IVERSON. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him another moment? I stated, when
I was up before, that I had not seen the full state-
ment ot all the particulars; but a Senator, who is
near me, says to mo, that he has seen a statement
in one of the southern papers which gives this ac-
count: that this man was convicted on the testi-
mony of his own nephew; convicted after inves-
tigation, of having congregated slaves in his cellar,
and having read to them, time after time, the doc-
uments m relation to Brown'atrial and execution,
and incendiary remarks which Brown himself had
made. For such conduct as that, teaching aboli-
tion Bentiments among slaves, he deserved not
only to be tarred and feathered, but deserved the
fate which John Brown had, in my opinion.
Mr. BROWN. Allow me to ask the Senator
from Massachusetts a question. He says free-
dom of speech has ceased in our section of the
country, by which he means to imply that we do
not allow persons from abroad to come and teach
our slaves, onrdoraestics, to rebel against us. I ask
the Senator this question: would any fttmily in
Massachusetts permit a stranger to come in and
teach the domestics of their household that they
ought to rise in rebellion against the family ? If I
chose to thrust myself into the Senator's house-
hold and tell his domestics that they were better
than he, and ought to turn him out of his house
and take possession of it, and deny his authority,
would not he incontinently, if he had the physical
power, kick me out? That is all we claim, that
when people from the northern States come into
our community and teach our domestics to disobey
our authority, an authority recognized by law,
we first kicK them out of the door, and, if we
have the further power, we will hang them up
like dogs.
Mr. WILSON. The case put by the Senator
is not a fair one. When Senators find men
teaching their slaves rebellion, they hold them
amenable to their laws. What I mean to say is
this—and the Senators know it to be true—that
throughout a large portion of the South, men
known to entertain sentiments on the subject of
slavery such as were entertained by Washington,
Jefferson, Henry, and the great men of the South,
in the early history of the country, cannot reside,
cannot travel, cannot exist, in safety. This evi-
dence comes- to us from all quarters. Men are
often arrested when traveling over the country
about their legitimate business, brought up by
mobs, and punished. Does the Senator believe
that the Senators 011 this side of the Chamber could
travel through his section of the country, and qui-
etly and temperately avow their sentiments 011 the
subject of slavery, with safety?
Mr. BROWN. I do.
Mr. DAVIS. Oh, certainly.
Mr. BROWN. Any sentiment that you have
a right to entertain.
Mr. WILSON. I mean the sentiments we
entertain in regard to the slavery question. Does
he believe we can do it with safety?
Mr. BROWN. I have no hesitation in saying
that the Senator from Massachusetts can go into
any part of my State and avow any sentiments
which he has a right to entertain; but if he con-
ceives that he has the right to entertain the senti-
ment that my slaves may cut my throat, and
chooses to avow that there, he will not be allowed
to do it.
Mr. WILSON. This, Mr. President, is not
the point in issue. Some of the most respectable,
moderate, and peaceful men of the country, in
various States of the South, have been driven
from those States for simply avowing the doc-
trine that slavery ought to be prohibited in the
Territories; that Kansas ought to come into the
Union as a free State. I suppose a man has, at
any rate, the right to have an opinion upon those
questions, and to express it.
Mr. BROWN. .1 never heard ofsuchathing.
Mr. WILSON. Why, sir, in 1856, Professor
Hedrick was forced from North Carolina for
simply writing a letter saying that he was in
favor of the election of Fremont, and in favor of
making Kansas a free State. Underwood was
compelled to leave Virginia for addressing the
national convention that adopted the platform
read here to-day by the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator must remember
that there was a great deal involved in the question
of the election ofMr. Fremont to the Presidency,
beyond the mere avowal of that sentiment. I have
no hesitation 111 saying that I would not myself tol-
erate any man who would go to my State and
avow his preference for the election of Mr. Sew-
ard upon the programme laid down in his Ro-
chester speech, which I understand to be an an-
nouncement that there is an irrepressible conflict
between the North and the South, and that we
are to be all free States or all slave States, which
I will say, without arguing the question, can mean
nothing else than that slavery is to be blotted
out. No man would be permitted to teach that
doctrine in the country from which I come, be-
cause that doctrine carried out to its legitimate log-
ical conclusion amounts simply to the emanci-
pation of the whole negro race in the southern
States. No such doctrine would be allowed to
be taught there, because our safety, our domestic
quietude, our peace, the peace of our hearths, de-
pends upon the repression of such doctrines with
us. If any of our people objected to expressions
in favor of the election of Mr. Frfmont, it was
not because he was the nominee of the gentle-
man 's party; it was not because he was John C.
Fremont, a Republican; but it was because it
was supposed that after his election he would
carry out sentiments such as were expressed by
Mr. Seward in his celebrated Rochester speech.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
Mr. BRAGG. Will the Senator allow me a
word?
Mr, WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. BRAGG. I understood the Senator from
Massachusetts to say that, for entertaining a cer-
tain preference for a candidate for the Presidency)
a professor had been banished from the State of
North Carolina. I deny that. I say that in making
that remark the'Senator has used language which
the facts will not bear him out in using, and which
is too strong for the case. The facts of the case
are well known to me. I was then acting in a
capacity which caused me to know them fully, to
wit; I was a trustee of the university of which
the gentleman alluded to, Mr. Hedrick by name,
was a professor. He thought proiper to express
certain preferences, as the Senator has stated, and
also to make public certain opinions which he en-
tertained. The trustees of that body claimed no
right to banish him, nor did the people of the State
undertake to banish him from North Carolina; but
they did claim the right, under the circumstances,
to advise him to resign, inasmuch as the senti-
ments he had uttered ,were very unpopular, and
were calculated to injure the institution of which
he was a professor. He declined to do it, and the
trustees thought it expedient to discharge him;
that is all. lie then voluntarily left the State, and
went into a more congenial clime, where I hope,
for myself, and I think the people of the State will
agree with me, that he will remain.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I think I am
correct in this matter, notwithstanding the expla-
nation made by the Senator from North Carolina.
I have the facts from Mr. Hedrick himself. He
was compelled to leave the institution. He was
threatened with indignity by men who followed
him to his place of residence, and he left the State
for the purpose of avoiding threatened insults.
That was not all, sir. The Secretary of the Navy
had him removed from the petty office of com-
puter upon the nautical almanac for writing that
letter. Mr. Stanard was driven from Norfolk
for simply attempting to vote for Fremont; and
other cases happened. But the Senator from Mis-
sissippi has admitted the whole. We are not to
be permitted in the southern States to advocate our
doctrines—the doctrines of Washington, of Jef-
ferson, of the great men of the South; ay, and of
the people of the South in 1787. In the southern
States of this Union, where we have an inbred
constitutional right to advocate these doctrinos, it
is confessed that we will not be permitted to do it.
Every American citizen has the right, the un-
doubted constitutional right to advocate the exclu-
sion of slavery from the Territories. The citizens
of the slave States have the right to entertain and
to exprets the opinions embodied in the Repub-
lican platform, but they are not to be tolerated in
the exercise of their rights. Slavery will not tol-
erate free speech and a free press.
Mr. BROWN. I hope the Senator will allow
me a moment. He is complaining of our want
of tolerance in the South; he says that Mr. Hed-
rick was dismissed from the University of North
Carolina for expressing sentiments adverse to the
South. Under what circumstances was Judge
Loring removed from a court in Massachusetts ?
Was there toleration of opinion there? Was not
a judge dismissed from his high office because he
chose to discharge his duty m accordance with
his conscientious convictions ?
Mr. WILSON. I did not complain of his re-
moval from the institution. I complained of his
being driven by threats from the State. That is
the point. I have merely referred to this state of
affairs to show how difficult it is for the Senators
from the South to understand the condition of so-
ciety in my section of the country where we have
no fear of the discussion of any question, politi-
cal or social or moral.
The Senator from Georgia yesterday, in de-
nouncing the sentiment of my section of the coun-
try, referred to the action taking place in the
other end of the Capitol. He condemned the
Republicans for voting for a gentleman who
had signed a recommendation of a proposed com-
