2974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
right or wrong in that matter. I have been so in-
formed, but I do not profess to bo familiar ^ith
them, that the provisions of her statutes are in
accordance with the provisions of this treaty in
relation to her own citizens; and hence it was she
wanted these same provisions,in substance, incor-
porated into the treaty; and Mr.. Webster did in-
corporate them in the treaty.
Mr. RICE. Will the Senator permit me to say
one word in this connection?
Mr. BRAGG. Certainly.
Mr. RICE. I- wish to state that, from inform-
ation in my possession—lio\v reliable it may be I
cannot say—I am led to believe that the object of
inserting that article in the treaty was for the pur-
pose of taking from the State of Minnesota and
theTerritory of Dakota some fifteen million acres
of land. King Charles, when lie made the grant
to the Hudson's Bay Company, in 1G70, granted
all the lands watered or drained by the waters of
Hudson's Bay. The Red River of the North runs
some four hundred miles through my State. Thai
is the main tributary of that river. This clause in
the treaty, if carried out, will confirm and give to
the heirs of Lord Selkirk all the lands drained by
that river south of the forty-ninth degree, which
amounts to some fifteen or twenty million acres.
Ihavebeenfurtherinformed that the objects of one
of these claimants has been to get Congress, in some
manner, to recognize that clause of the treaty upon
some minor point, so as to have a precedent for
this enormous claim. Of my own knowledge I
do know that their agents here and their agents in
New York are now at work, and have been at
work for years, for the purpose of accomplishing
this one object. I merely state the fact to the
Senate, that it may judge whether the question
before it will have any bearing as a precedent upon
that enormous grant.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not the slightest in the
world. It has no connection with it at all.
Mr. SIMMONS. I suppose the Senator from
Minnesota does not expect that the treaty of 1B42,
which settled the northeastern boundary, had
anything to do with the treaty of 1849 in regard
to the northwestern boundary.
Mr. RICE. I have said nothing about the
.boundary, but merely in regard to the grant.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It lias not the slightest
connection.
Mr. RICE. I may have occasion hereafter to
refer to it.
Mr. ]jRAGG, As I linve uhetuly stated, it
was not until after the year 1854, when this de-
cision was made, that these claims were «et up
ngninst tins Government, and since that time they
have been pi eased.
Now, sir, what is the claim? I have under-
taken to £ive a history of tins treaty, and of the
two provisions to which I have referred. Under
the resolves of 1854, the commissioners of Maine
were required to go on and examine how many
persons were upon these private land claims—the
Eaton grant and the Plymouth guuit—and the
amounUof lands which they had in possession-,
and they reported that there were persons claim-
Jng to hold under this possessory, equitable pro-
vision of the fourth article of the treaty, as it was
said, of about ej^ht thousand four hundred acres,
as stated in the report. The Senate will remem-
ber that the provision of the fourth article of the
treaty relates only to persons who have been in
possession for six years prior to the making of
the treaty. Well, sir, when the matter was
brought to the attention of the Senate, a gentle-
man was sent there for the purpose of investigat-
ing and reporting the facts to the Senate—a gen-
tleman who was formerly clerk to the Committee
on Claims. He went there, and his report is
here. I have that report before me. What does
he say?
" So far as these claims depend upon the treaty, they arc
based upon the last clause of the fourth article, namely,
4 and in nil other icspect*. the two conti acting parties agree
to deal upon the most libera) principle ol equity with the
settlors virtually dwelling upon the terntoiy falling to them
icvpectivelv/ _ The commissioners report about tince hun-
dred set tler* of this claas, claiming thirtv-one thousand four
hundred acres.
" A portion of these lanSs are located in townships, the
title of which had passed hom the State prior to their set-
tlement., and, of course, a considerable tune prior to the
date of the tieaty; and it i* to this portion that the resolu-
tion of the Senate, authorizing this examination, particu-
larly applies. TJie^e lots arc principally located upon both
banks of the Aroostook river, from tiie New Brunswick
Ime through the townships granted many years ago to the
town of Plymouth, Massachusetts, for the support of an
academy, and to General Eaton, in consideration of Jus
military services in the war with Tripoli."
I call the attention of the Senate to what fol-
lows:
" The settlers are mostly from the neighboring province,
and made their settlements while that province claimed
the jurisdiction of the country. The number of these im-
proved and occupied lots, in the two townships, is ninety-
seven, embracing, in the aggregate, about eight thousand
four hundred and thirty-four acres. All of these lots, except
about one thousand acres, are shown to have been occu-
pied or improved more than six years before the date of the
treaty; and, from proof submitted to me, and which is
hereto annexed, I am satisfied that most of the lots embraced
m the latter description, if not clearly shown to have been
occupied and improved six years prior to the treaty, were,
in fact, so occupied at that time, or very soon after, and
that it would be a great hardship upon these poor settlers
to make a distinction between them on so slight grounds."
Now, sir, here is the express provision of the
treaty, that this shall only apply to persons—
supposing these claimants to come within the
treaty—who had been on the land for six years;
and yet we are told that there are one thousand
acres of this land which the parties have not been
in possession of for six years, and wc are to al-
low, in this amendment, §4,000 for that land.
Why, sir, is that light? How is it sought to
bring them in, notwithstanding the express lim-
itation, in so many words, that it shall be con-
fined to settlers who had been in possession six
years? It is sought to bring them under the gen-
eral phrase which follows—that the respective
Governments agree to deal liberally and equitably
with all the settlers. Nobody knows better than
the gentleman from Maine, who is an eminent
lawyer, that wherever one thing is specified every-
thing else is excluded. Suggest'w unites eat txclv,-
sio alterius. You cannot bring in other claimants
who have not been there the full term of six years,
because the treaty expressly provides for those
only who have been in possession six years.
Therefore, there are one thousand acres of land
which are clearly excluded; and yet it is proposed
to pay these parties for that thousand acres, on
the ground that it would be a hardship to turn
them out of the land, having been in possession
nearly six years.
I call the attention of the Senate to another
thing. This agent who reports here says that
nearly all, or "the most"—that is it—of the set-
tlers came from the province of New Brunswick.
Will it be pretended this treaty intended to pro-
tect anybody else of this character except those
who did come from New Brunswick? Was it
intended by the treaty that squatters in Maine,
who had settled upon the lands of their fellow-
citizens, should, by the operation of the tieaty,
deprive the real owners of their lands? It does
not appear how many of these paities are in that
condition; but we are asked to pay away the whole
amount, when the agent sent from this body to
ascertain and report the facts to the Senate says
that some of the parties were citizens of Maine,
and did not come from New Brunswick; and yet
we are asked to put a construction upon the treaty
here which is to take the land of a citizen of Maine
away from him and give it to another; to take the
title from one holding a grant and give it to an-
other tvith a mere possessory squatter title of less
than six years. There is nothing right in it. There
is no propriety in it. This Government is not
bound to do it. No Government is bound to do it.
Indeed, sir, I hold that this treaty intended to
do nothing more nor less than this: where there
was a grant coming from New Brunswick for land
in the State of Maine, and there was no conflict-
ing title—public land, m other words—that that
giant should be respected there, and treated as if
it had issued from the State of Maine; and so
where there was a possessory claimant upon the
same kind of land coming from the province of
New Brunswick, and had been m occupation and
possession of this land for six years, the treaty
intended to respect his rights, and the State of
Maine was to be paid for it. She was paid for it
by this $300,000 given to her and Massachusetts,
and by this fund which it was stipulated should
be paid her on account of damages done to the
land. That relates to the timber cut; and itgoes
to show how that was intended to be settled.
But I know it is said that this sum of i£9,000
was not collected by this Government. Whether
that is so or not does not appear here; it is mat-
ter of doubt; but, at all events, these parties have
no claim to the fund. If anybody could make a
claim to it, to meet land damages, it is the States
of Maine and Massachusetts. It was expressly
provided by the treaty that the fund should be col-
lected, (the General Government stipulated to do
it,) and to hold' it for the use of the two States,
and to pay it over to them in order that their cit-
izens might have the benefit of it. If the General
Government has not been faithful in that respect,
the State of Maine is the party to apply for it and
to disburse it under the provision of the treaty;
but private claimants have no right to come here
and ask for that fund from this Government. Nor
does this amendment propose to put the claim
upon that ground at all. I merely refer to that
provision of the treaty to show what was the
purpose of it, and to show that it was intended
only to apply to the public lands in the province
of New Brunswick and of the State of Maine,
and that this fund was provided, at the very in-
stance 6f the commissioners of Maine, for the
purpose of settling those damages which had been
done to her land. It seems to me perfectly clear
that it must be so. It is very evident that, of the
claim which we have now before the Senate, ac-
cording to the report of our officer here, there are
$4,000 out of the claim of $33,000 that the par-
ties have no earthly right to from any quarter.
It is perfectly evident also that a portion of these
settlers upon these two grants were, citizens of
Maine, not subjects of the British Crown, and
therefore they have no claim. What part of it or
how much of it is in that condition, we cannot
estimate from the facts before us; but it is enough
for me to show these facts, to show that this claim
ought not to be entertained in its present condi-
tion.
Now, sir, one word more about these land dam-
ages, and the amount for the timber cut, and I
will trouble the Senate no more. I am satisfied
that I have troubled them already a great deal
more than I desired to do. 1 have wearied them
and wearied myself. I insisted that one half of
the whole of this claim presented was for timber
cutoff the land. 1 understood the Senator from
Ithode Island to admit that fact; but he says no,
he did not intend to admit it to the extent that I
stated it. 1 understand the Senator from Maine
to admit that while a part of the sum of the
$33,000, or half of it rather, was allowed on ac-
count of timber cut off the land, nevertheless it
was a part of the value of the land itself, and it
mattered not how you got at the value of the land,
whether you estimated the timber cut off, and
then estimated the land as it stood, or whether
you estimated it m the aggregate at the time these
parties took it, but before the timber was cut off.
1 admit that that would he the correct rule in es-
timating the value of the land, if the facts would
bear out the honorable Senator from Maine in the
statement that he has made. But, sir, it does not
appear that these parties, who are now iii occu-
pancy of the land, did cut the timber; for the evi-
dence reported by the agent sent out by this body
shows that a large portion of this timber was cut
before the parties who are now in possession of
the land went into possession. It was cut, not
by settlers, but by mere timber-getters from the
province of New Brunswick, who paid a licence
for cutting it to the authorities of that prov-
ince, and it went into their hands. Ilence it
was sought to get a portion of that money back.
The lands were pillaged all along upon the St.
John and upon the Aroostook, upon which these
grants are located. Hence it \v£s that the com-
mittee undertook to determine what the value of
the timber was. There would have been no ne-
cessity for that if these parties now in possession,
supposing they were entitled under the treaty,
had taken the land with the timber on it, because
all you had to do was to estimate the value of the
land when they took it. If it was worth four
dollars, then what use could there have been to
ascertain what was the value of the timber on it?
But, sir, when in point of fact each foot of this
land had been plundered years before these parties
went into possession of it, it became necessary
and essential to ascertain what amount of timber
was Jaken off in order to estimate what the value
of the land was, supposing that the Government
was responsible for the timber, as well as for the
value of the land itself.
Now, I apprehend thatif these parties, who have
gone in possession and taken the land, the timber
