2030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
for which they were paid a cent on a letter, and
half a cent on a newspaper, there was the great
through mail, which sometimes amounted to seven
or eight tons; that the captains of these boats re-
fused to carry the through mail; that they were
requested to do so by the postmasters upon the
route, but they declined to do so, and a Mr. Har-
ris, the Post Office special agent, gave this testi-
mony:
"The captains (of the steamers) often objected to re-
ceiving the great th rotf^h mails, saying that the postmasters
(local) refused to pay them anything except lor the local
mails, and as they got nothing for it, they would not cany
it, unless the witness would undertake to see them paid
for the service. He requested them to take the mail aboard,
and assured them they would be paid for the service; and, in
doing so, he states that he acted under the direction oj the
Poit Office Department
This testimony was taken and submitted to the
Court of Claims, and that court refused to allow
anything to these parties as a legal contract, upon
what, in my judgment, was a disreputable quib-
ble. I say that without meaning to throw any
reproach upon the court, but to characterize the
quibble just exactly as I think it was. The quib-
ble was that Mr. Harris, when he said he was
authorized to assure them that they shoul(J be
paid by the Post Office Department, did not say
that lie was authorized to do it by the Postmaster
General; and beeause he used the language, "the
Post Office Department," instead of "the Post-
master General, "the Court of Claims decided that
it was indefinite, and that it did not imply that the
Postmaster General made the promise. I will
read from that part of the decision of the Court of
Claims:
"The witness does not state the time when this conver-
sation with the captains took place, nor does he set out the
directions under winch he says he acted. Neither does he
say that the duecttons wore given bv the Po^tma^ter Gen-
eral; he only bays that they were of the 1W Othee De-
partment. in all tins there is too much uneeriamty to
satiny ua that tiie roxtmuetcr Ceuetal gave to the euptain*,
llnough Mr. Ilams, the a.s.siu«utee 111 question.1'
Upon that quibble, as it stiikes mo—and not
one that ought to find its place in a judicial decis-
ion, especially as this evidence was taken with
notice, and the Government were preseni, and
might have cross-examined the witness as to what
he meant by ''the Post. Office Department"—the
court decided adversely, and I must say that, to
my mind, it is unsatisfactory; but for that leason
the court refused to give them any relief, on tin-
ground that they had no legal cause of action;
but Uie court says that tor any compensation for
their service beyond what they have received,
they must depend upon the discretion of Congress;
and they wen- turned over to Congress. Win n
they eame before Congress, and the matter was
referied to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Jtoad.s of the ^Senate, the committee turned
theii attention to thus question: what was the
amount of weight of the through mail that was
carried, and what was the price paid for the local
mail: 1 will read, very briefly, from the report
upon that matter:
"The number ol letter* and newspapers traiwpoited in
the through mails could not he aseettalm-d, a* the mail;
were aiwa\s tran^leuvd from the curs to the boat*., and
from the boats to the can-, without bemii opened. The only
method ot approximating to the number i-, by eoiupai mg the
number ol M/.e, and vt eight of the thiou^h mail- with
the number ol bag-, sl/e, and weight of the local in:uK a-
t(Milled to by tin* diJlcrenl witnesses. The te.stimonv upon
th;u point varies in estimating the thiouirh insiK to be hom
tour to ill teen time* laifjei than the loeai mail*. One wit-
ness testifies that one thiounh mail nmabeieil eighty hau-i ;
another witness says he counted one handled and tweiiiy-
ei«bt ba2> m one thioush mall ; ai.rt .mother witness s\\ e.us
that one thiou^'h mail neighed npward-<of eight ton< The
average os (tie testimony i-how* the amount ot th'oughm.Ml
to be Horn and a halt to seven and Jive eighths tutu-.,
fiieatei than the local mail.
u The amount pan! for e.uiyinp the local mail appeal* to
have been a vety moderate one, from the (act that it was
foi letters but one thud of the amount ^viz. , thtee cents) to
winch the Dcp;uimcnt wa>. limited by law .
'! By computing the numbei oi tup* of the claimants'
ho.us, during which thev euii.t'd Ihe mail, it appeat- that
the average compensation received (benej loi the whole
time, $10,544 95) would be less than thiee dollars and se\ -
cnty-live cents per passage.
"Calculating the through mail to he (at the aveingc of
the testimony) ^-even and live cisgiths times liug"i than the
local mail, at the ratio of compensation received, it would
amount to $28 GU per tup, whieh the committee b<'ne\o
should be paid to the claimant.* for &aid seiviec. Thev
report a bill for that purpose, and recommend its passago.'"'
Tiie compensation which the committee pro-
posed toaliow for carrying the through mails was
put at the very lowest rate which was allowed
for carrying the local mail, and it is believed to
be less than one half the amount of freight that
the owners of these boats would have received for
carrying common freight upon their boats, and
less than one third of what the Department have
paid in other cases to other boats for similar ser-
vices, for it appears by the report of the Third
Assistant Postmaster (General, accompanying the
message, that:
" On 25th January, 1853, the Buckeye State was allowed,
for three hundred and fourteen thousand'one hundred and
seventy-two pounds thiough mail between Buffalo and
Cleveland, from 22d April to 13th November, 1852, at one
dollar per one hundied pounds, $3,141 72.
" On 2oth January, 1853, Alabama allowed, for tvVenty-
nine thousand seven hundred pounds, between Conncaut
and Cleveland, 12th Apiil, 1852, ,$297."
The Department have paid for similar services
to other owners of boats more than three times
the amount that the committee proposes to pay
for carrying these mails. The committee having
come to the determination of what a ^air ratio
should be, twenty-eight dollars a trip instead of
$100 dollars, as has been paid in other cases, did
not go into the calculation of what the amount
would be. That was the basis on which the
committee acted.
Now, a single word in reference to the message
of the President, and I shall leave the subject.
By a calculation which is made for the President
by some officers of the PostOfiicc Department, this
claim is put up to something over eighty thousand
dollars, and it is said the claimants, in the first
place, would have taken $25,000, and in the Court
of Claims asked for $50,000. Captain Edwards
stated to the committee that when this claim was
first made for $25,000, there was no account of
the trips taken; no record kept of the amount, or
the number of the mails carried; and he did not,
at that time, know what he was to receive for the
local mails; but he made out an accountin gross,
charging $35,000. The Department refused to
pay him anything. He then went to the Court
of Claims, and put his papers in the hands of his
counsel; and the counsel, taking testimony, and
looking at its bearing upon what the result would
be, concluded to put it at a sum considerably
larger than what Captain Edwards offered to take
in the first instance, and made it out at $50,000.
The bill which has passed the two Houses simply
fixes the rate of compensation, and then directs
if to be paid, wo much for every trip that the
steamers made when these mails were on board.
Tiie computation which luw been made at the De-
partment, was upon the assumption that they had
those through mails every trip that they made,
and that they made a trip every day. Now, sir,
i am instructed that there is no such evidence,
and that there arc no such facts. The boats did
not cairy tin: mails every day; neither do they go
c\riy day. The committee, by the best examina-
tion which they could make, have submitted the
facts, and the Postmaster General does not sug-
gest that there is any misstatement of facts, or
any error in Alio report, but says that everything
that is necessary to a full understanding of the
case is included in the report; and I think if the
.Senate will take the trouble to read the report,
and understand it, they will come to the conclu-
sion to which the committee came; that the sum
which they propose to pay for the carrying of
these mails is not an extravagant or an exorbi-
tant one; and they will find, as I before stated—
which I wish the Senate to remember—that, by
the documents which have been submitted with
the veto, it is less than one third of the amount
which has heretofore been paid by the Depart-
ment for the same scivico to other boats.
I confess that when I heard the message of the
Piesident read, 1 heard if with some degree of
astonishment, i felt a good deal of interest 111 the
mattei; and I have examined and reexamined this
ea^e, and whatever the result of the vote of the
Senate may be, I am perfectly satisfied with the
facts and the reasonings of the repoit. I believe
that the amount we have allowed Mr. Edwards
and his associates for carrying the mails is a rea-
sonable one. It ik the lowest one, as we found in
the paper submitted to us, that has been paid in
any uise.^ We have not stopped to examine, when
we have fixed a reasonable compensation, whether
the aggregate would be large or small. The Pres-
ident, In the veto message, does not suggest that
the sum is unreasonable or in any degree beyond
a fair quantum meruit for services performed; but
simply from the great amount which he supposes
would be paid, under the calculations he has in- i
stituted, he sees fit to veto it. I leave the matter
with the Senate. I have no desire and no feeling
upon it. I am satisfied with the report, and with
the result at which it arrives. We have given
him nothing more than is fair and reasonable. He
has to go before the Department and prove every
trip he has made before he can receive a single
dollar. From the best information that I have
upon it, I do not think the amount he will be en-
abled to receive under this bill will be anything
like what the President says; instead of being
$80,000, it will be less than the sum claimed be-
fore the Court of Claims. But whether it be much
or little, if the service has been honestly and faith-
fully performed, and if the facts stated in the re-
port be true—and it is not suggested, even, by the
President or the Postmastei General that they arc
not true—it seems to me it is a case in which Con-
gress ought to stand by the action which they
have already taken.
Having made this explanation of the case, sir,
I will leave the matter to the Senate.
Mr. YULEE. It is not likely that the exam-
ination of the questions involved in this veto, be-
ing matters of figure and of fact, can be disposed
of this morning within the few minutes remaining
until the homestead bill will be the order of the day.
I movc,therefoic, the postponement of the further
consideration of the veto message until to-morrow.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope not.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope wc shall have a
vote upon it.
Mr. YULEE. There is no likelihood of our
being able to vote upon it this morning.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Wade] will give way for a short time
in order to get a vote on this bill. It is a matter
of great importance to the claimants in this case.
I believe it to be a just claim, and I hope the Sen-
ate will vote upon it. I have known these parties
for a great number of years—I have known all of
them for twenty-five years. Captain Edwards
and Mr. Davis are steamboat captains on the
lakes. They are very clever,upright, honcstmen.
John Owen, the other claimant, is one of the im-
maculate men. He is one of those men about
whom you'may refer to any man in Michigan—
General Cass, or any other—and he will tell you
that John Owen is as incapable of presenting an
unjust claim as any man on the face of the earth.
I believe that this compensation is cheaper than
that of any other mail service in theee United
States; and I am assured, and J believe, as the
Senator from New Hampshire has stated, that the
amount contained in this bill is less than one half
that which the President states; but, as I said the
other day, whether it be much.or little, if it be
just, let us pay it. I hope the vote will be taken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The question before the Senate is
the motion to postpone the further consideration
of the bill until to-morrow.
Mr. YULEE. 1 think it can he disposed of
to-morrow very easily. I was merely desirous
to place before the Senate the facts as understood
by myself and based upon the papers. It is some-
what difficult to make the Senate understand, in
a very few words, a question of figures, the data
of which are disputed be tween.that Department and
some part of the committee. If it is the preference
of the Senate, I will go on with the papers before
me, and endeavor to make my remarks.
Mr. BINGHAM. Let us have a vote.
Mr. COLLAMER. We cannot have a vote
when a Senator wants to be heard.
Mr. YULEE. I am perfectly willing to go on
and dispose of the subject before us, if we can get
through with it, but I do not agree that we can
j take a vote in the five minutes remaining. A mere
vote by yeas and nays will occupy that time.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the Senator wants to
speak upon it, of course we will postpone it.
Mr. YULEE. I wish merely to explain the
facts as I understand them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question on the motion to post-
pone ?
Mr. YULEE. I have no solicitude about speak-
; ing on this subject. If it is the pleasure of the
Senate to take a vote immediately, I am perfectly
willing.
Mr. COLLAMEP*,. I wish to have it under-
stood that I am unwilling to have a vote taken
when a gentleman wishes to give further light
