1086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
sentatives were entirely upon a different class of
cases; and there is a distinction to be drawn, as
is contended, between this case and others—many
think a serious and important distinction. At any
rate, no harm can be done by deliberation, and
settling it on due consideration. I will say to
Senators, that I am as ready and willing and
anxious to uphold all the privileges of this body
as any man, and to support whatever our rights
may be; but while feeling that, I am anxious not
to go one step further—not to make a precedent
that we cannot stand by. I should like very much
indeed to have the matter go over, in order that
we may think of it until Monday; and I hope
Senators will not, on consideration, have any ob-
jection to that course.
Mr. MASON. I have not evinced the slightest
indisposition to adjourn the question until Mon-
day. I did not know until now that we had or-
dered an adjournment to be until Monday; but if
it is the wisnofthe Senate, I do not press the reso-
lution now, though I am perfectly prepared to
vote myself.
Mr. SEWARD. I renew the motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. MASON. This resolution, whether we
act on the others or not, is necessary, and I offer it:
Ordered, That Thaddeus Hyatt be remanded to the cus-
tody of the Sergeaat-al-Arms, there to remain until the
further order of the Senate.
The order was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I nowrenewtKe resolutions that
I offered before this superseded them—to commit
him to jail.
Mr. SEWARD. They williie over, I suppose.
Mr. MASON. They will be left as unfinished
business, if it shall be the pleasure of the Senate
now to adjourn.
Mr. SEWARD. I move an adjournment.
Mr. BIGLER. Will the Senator waive the
motion for a moment, to allow me^to offer a res-
olution of inquiry ? *
Mr. SEWARD. Certainly.
CONTRACTS EOR MARBLE.
^ Mr. BIGLER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
gent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
questnd to communicate to the Senate, if in his judgment
not incompatible with the public interest, the letter of J.
F. Conolly to tho Secretary of War, dated on or about the
26th January,1860, in relation to his otter for marble columns
for the porticoes of the Capitol extension ; also all orders or
Instructions, and action of tiie Secretary of War and of the
superintendent of the Capitol extension ; and also anv com-
munication that may have been made by the contractors
in relation to said columns, or to the contracts or bids
therefor, not already communicated to the Senate.
ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. DAVIS. I believe an order has been taken
by the Senate to adjourn over to Monday. I move
a reconsideration, in order that we may sit to-
morrow. There is a great deal of unfinished busi-
ness before the Senate. I think we ought to meet
every day in the week while that state of things
exists.
Mr. HALE. I simply want to inquire if the
Senator from Mississippi voted in the affirmative
on this question. He did not so state.
Mr. DAVIS. It is necessarily so considered,
as I did not vote at all.
Mr. HALE. I suppose, if the Senator was
present and did not vote at all, that is enough.
Mr. DAVIS. I was notpresent when the prop-
osition was made, or I should have objected to it.
Mr. HALE. Then I raise the question that it
is not in order for him to move a reconsideration.
Mr. GRIMES. I was present when the mo-
tion was made.
Mr. HALE. Well, did you vote in the affirm-
ative?
Mr. GRIMES. I did not vote at all, but was
here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved to
reconsider the vote by which it was ordered,"that
when the Senate adjourn it be to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. BROWN". I think the motion to fix the
time to which we ad journalways takes precedence
["Oh, no."] y
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I move that the Senate
kdo now adjourn.
Mr. DAVIS. Which has precedence between
the two questions ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of the opinion that the motion to adjourn takes
precedence.
Mr. DAVIS. Over a proposition to adjourn to
a given time ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Over a prop-
osition to reconsider the vote fixing the adjourn-
ment to another day. It is moved that the Senate
do now adjourn. .
The motion was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 25, noes 13; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 9, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. R. J. Cone.
The Clerk proceeded to read the Journal of yes-
terday.
Before the reading was concluded,
Mr. DAVIDSON moved that there be a call of
the House.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
the gentleman's motion cannot be received during
the reading of the Journal.
Mr. DAVIDSON. Well, sir, I object to the
reading of the Journal in the absence of a quo-
rum. A quorum is evidently not present.
The SPEAKER. The reading was commenced
without objection; and the Chair thinks it cannot
be interrupted.
The reading was then concluded; and the Jour-
nal was approved.
APPOINTMENT OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Curtis,
Farnswortii, Phelps, Davis of Maryland,
Scott, Rice, Fenton, Smith of Virginia, Tay-
lor, Kellogg of Michigan, Blair, Aldricii,
Hamilton, French, and Stout, the select com-
mittee under the resolution of the House of the
5th instant, on the subject of a railroad to the
Pacific.
The SPEAKER also appointed Messrs. Co-
vode, Olin, Winslow, Train, and Robinson of
Illinois, the select committee under the resolution
of the 5th instant, to inquire into certain alleged
corruptions and abuses on the part of officers of
the Government, and as to the employment of
money to carry elections
'EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Treasury Department, trans-
mitting for the use of the House, the report of Pro-
fessof J. DvRacho, Superintendent of the United
States Coast Survey, stating the progress of that
work during the year ending November 1, 1859,
accompanied by an engraved map, showing the
general progress made in the survey of the Atlan-
tic, Gulf, and Pacific coasts; and also a manuscript
map, prepared at the coast survey office, in accord-
ance with the act of Congress approved March 3,
1853; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the War Department, trans-
mitting, in compliance with the resolution of the
House of Representatives of the 13th ultimo, the
report of Edward T. Beale, relating to the con-
struction of a wagon road from Fort Smith, Ar-
kansas, to the Colorado river; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before tho House a
communication from the War Department, trans-
mitting, in compliance with a resolution of the
House calling on the Treasury Department for a
copy of the report of the art commission, a copy
of that report, and stating that there were no doc-
uments accompanying the report; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TIIAIN submitted a motion to print extra
copies; which, under the law, was referred to the
Committee on Printing.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. OTERO obtained the floor.
Mr. CARTER. I rise to a question of privi-
lege.
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman cannot take
the floor from the gentleman who holds it for any
purpose.
Mr. OTERO, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill providing for the appointment of two
additional Indian agents in the Territory of New
Mexico; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. OTERO also, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to establish a mail route from Santa
Fe, New Mexico, to Denver City, in the pro-
posed Territory of Jefferson; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. OTERO also,byunanimousconsent,intro-
duced a bill providing for the payment of certain
volunteer Companies in the service of the United
States in the suppression of Indian hostilities in
the Territory of New Mexico; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
NEW YORK SEVENTH EEGIMENT.
Mr. CARTER. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I find stated in the Globe of March 3, that
which I will now read:
" Whereas a resolution recently introduced into this
House by the honorable gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Carter]"
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I rise to
a question of order. The Chair has decided again
and again that no mere newspaper articles can
raise a question of privilege.
Mr. CARTER. It is not a mere newspa-
per article; it is a statement njade in this House,
affecting the character of one of the members of
this House. If that does not constitute a ques-
tion of privilege, I should like to know what would
constitute one?
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I rise to
a question of order. The gentleman from New
Jersey was the other day prevented from discuss-
ing the resolution to which the gentleman from
New York refers, on the ground that the resolu-
tion did not constitute a question of privilege.
Mr. CARTER. I will read the resolution,and
then submit to the House whether it does not in-
volve a question of privilege.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I call the
gentleman to order
The SPEAKER. The Chair has repeatedly
decided that a mere newspaper article is not a
question of privilege. Ifit were, the House might
be continually occupied with such questions, to
the exclusion of all business. With respect to
the resolution offered by the gentleman from New
Jersey, [Mr. Adrain,] in relation to the seventh
regiment, to which the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Carter] refers,the Chair will say, that
resolution of the gentleman from New York was,
in the first place, only read for .information; and
being objected to, it was withdrawn. The reso-
lution of the gentleman from New Jersey was, in
the same way, read for information, objected to,
and withdrawn. That is the way the matter
stands. There is, therefore, nothing on the sub-
ject before the House.
Mr. CARTER. There is upon the records the
statement of one member of the House reflecting
Upon another member of the House. Does not
that involve a question of privilege ?
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I call the
gentleman to order. I think we have heard enough
in relation to that seventh regiment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot see that
the remarks of the gentleman from New York are
in order. He would be very happy to hear him,
if no one objects.
Mr. CARTER. I do not understand the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say that ob-
jection is made to the gentleman's proceeding; and
the Chair cannot hear him,unless it be in relation
to a question of privilege.
Mr. CARTER Well, sir, the Chair cannot
prevent me from stating my question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. State your question of order.
Mr. CARTER. I will stati? my question of
order.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I thought
the gentleman rose to a question of privilege, not
a question of order.
Mr. CARTER. Well, I will state my ques-
tion of privilege. I predicate my question of priv-
ilege upon the resolution which I will now read.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. 1 call the
