1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1087
gentlcmanfromNewYorktoorder. TheSpeaker, !
as I understand, has already decided that the sub- j
ject referred to by the gentleman is not a ques-
tion of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has undoubtedly
so decided.
Mr.-CARTER. Then I will state to the Speaker,
that I suppose [cries of "Order!"] Well, I
presume I have the right to state my question.
The Chair awarded me the, floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair awarded the floor
to the gentleman; but the Chair has decided that
■what the gentleman states is not a question of
privilege. He is therefore not in order.
Mr. CARTER. The Chair decided, as I un-
derstood him, that I could not read this article.
X propose, therefore, to state what it is. The gen-
tleman from Now Jersey offered aresolution which
reflects upon the character of a member of the
House.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I call the
gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from^New York that the gentleman
from New Jersey was not permitted to address
the House upon his resolution, and that the Chair
has decided that it does not involve a privileged
question.
Mr. CARTER. The resolution of the gentle-
man from New Jersey, however, was read for
information. I appeal from the decision of the
Chair to the House.
The question \vw taken; and it was decided
that the decision oT the Chair shall stand as the
judgment of the House.
CONFIRMATION OF LAND ENTRIES.
Mr. NOELL, by unanimous consent, previous
notice' having been given, introduced a bill to con-
firm certain entries of land therein named; which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
HORSES LOST IN WAR.
Mr. NOELL, by unanimous consent, previous
notice having been given, also introduced a bill to
provide for payment for horses lost in the mili-
tary service of the United States; which was read |
a first and second time by its title, and referred to [
the Committee on Military Affairs. j
ELIZABETH M. COCKE. j
Mr. NIXON. X am directed by the Committee |
on Commerce to move that that committee be dis- j
charged from the further consideration of Senate ,
bill jNfo. 81, for the relief of Elizabeth M. Cocke, j
widow of Major Thomas H. Cocke, late marshal j
of the district of Texas, and that it be referred to I
the Committee on the Judiciary, to which commit- j
tee it properly belongs. j
It was ordered accordingly. i
Mr. STANTON. What is the regular order of j
business? ;
The SPEAKER. The call of committees for j
reports of a private nature. '
Mr. STANTON. Then I call for the regular j
order of business. I do not think that it is fair i
that committees should get in their reports out of j
order. |
The SPEAKER. The report first in order, upon |
this day, under the rules of the House, is from the j
Committee of Claims, on reports from the Court :
of Claims. If there is no report of that charac-
ter now to be made, the call of committees will be
commenced where it was left oft on Friday last.
Reports are in order from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions.
MARTS* ANN HENRY.
Mr. BRABSON, from the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Mrs.
Mary Ann Henry; which was read a first and sec-
ond time by its title, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House oVi the Private Calendar, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
JOHN SANDEL.
Mr. MARTIN, of Ohio, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill granting a pension to John
Sandel; which was read a first and second time by
its title, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar, and, with the ac-
companying report, ordered to be printed.
ABRAHAM CRUM.
Mr. MARTIN, of Ohio, from the same com-
mittee, also reported a bill granting a pension to
Abraham Crum; which was read a first and second
time by its title, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar, anct, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
EMMA A. WOOD.
Mr. MARTIN, of Ohio, from the same com-
mittee , also reported a bill for the relief of Emma
A. Wood, widow of late BrevetMajor George F.
Wood of the United States Army; which was
read a first and second time, deferred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Calen-
dar, and, with the accompanying report, ordered
to be printed.
ANTHONY W. BAGAKD.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, from the same
committee, reported a bill for the relief of An-
thony W. Bagard, an invalid soldier of the war
of 1819; which was read a first and sccond time
by its title, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar, and, with the ac-
companying report, ordered to be printed.
ELMIRA WHITE.
Mr. FOSTER, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Elmira White,
widow of Captain Thomas R. White; which was
read a first and second time by its title, referred
to a Committee of the Whole Honse on the Pri-
vate Calendar, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
EXCUSED FROM SERVICE ON A COMMITTEE.
Mr. RICE. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask
to be excused from serving upon the Committee
for the District of Columbia. 1 should have made
this request earlier, but that I was absent when
the committees were appointed and for a consid-
erable period afterwards; and in presenting it
now, I wish to say that I do not underrate the im-
portance of that committee, and I am certainly
not wanting in respect and cordiality towards the
?entlemen who compose it. But the people whom
have the honor to represent have only that con-
cern in the subjects before that committee which
an intelligent and patriotic community, five hun-
dred miles distant, may be supposed to feel in the
local affairs of the Federal capital; while^thcy have
great and distinctive interests important to them-
selves and closely related to the welfare of the
whole country, which have usually been recog-
nized in constituting the committees of this House;
and to those interests, and others ofa general char-
acter, I desire to devote my attention, through
such means and opportunities as may open to me.
The question was taken on excusing Mr. Rice
from serving an the committee; and the motion
was agreed to.
SMITH & IICNT, OF TOLEDO, OHIO.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
the gentleman "from Ohio [Mr. Wade] has been
called home by sickness in his family, and he
has requested me to make a report for him from
the Committee on Commerce. It is abill for the
relief of Smith & Hunt, of Toledo, Ohio.
There was no objection; and the bill was re-
ceived, read a first and second time by its title,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar, and, with the accompany iijg
report, ordered to be printed.
JOHN II. IIUNTER.
Mr. STOKES, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported back a Bill (H. R. No. 219)
granting a pension to Major John H. Hunter;
which was referred to a Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar, and, with the ac-
companying report, ordered to be printed.
ANDREW E. MARSHALL.
Mr. HALL, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Andrew E. Marshall; which
was read a first and second time by its title, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar, and, with the accompany-
ing report, ordered to be printed.
COLONEL BENJAMIN WILSON, DECEASED.
Mr. YANCE. I ask the unanimous consentof
the House to make a report from the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims. I was not present when
that committee was called.
There was no objection.
Mr. VANCE, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
the heirs of Colonel Benjamin Wilson, deceased;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar, and, with the accompany-
ing report, ordered to be printed.
REV. JAMES CK-flGK..
Mr. YANCE, from the same committee,also re-
ported a bill for the relief of the heirs of the Rev.
James Craige, deceased; which was read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee: of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
PAY OF PAGES.
Mr. SPINNER. I desire to offer the follow-
ing resolutions from the Committee of Accounts:
Resolved, That so much of the resolution of the House of
Representatives, passed May 17, 1858, as relates to the
compensation of the Doorkeeper of the House and his em-
ployes, is hereby rescinded, and declared inoperative from
the date of its passage, so far as the same conflicts with the
joint resolution of the two Houses of Congress, passed July
20,1854.
Resolved, That so much of said resolution as limits the
number of pages to twelve, be, and the same is hereby, re-
pealed, and that the Doorkeeper be authorized, from time
to time, to employ, under the direction of the Committee of
Accounts, not exceeding twenty pages, between the ages
of ten and sixteen years, at a compensation of two dollars
per day for each during the session of Congress; and that
the Committee of Accounts be authorized to allow pay to
tlie persons who acted as pages pending the election of offi-
cers of this House, up to and including the day on which
the Doorkeeper was elected, at the rate of two dollars each
per day.
Mr. RUFFIN. I object to the introduction of
that resolution. It is not a priwte bill. I make
that point, and ask the Chair to decide it.
Mr. SPINNER. Mr. Speaker, if it cannot be
introduced as a private bill 
Mr. BURNETT. This question is not debat-
able.
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable; but the
gentleman from New York can state the ground
upon which he presents the resolution.
Mr. SPINNER. The ground, then, is that the
resolution relates to employes of this House—in-
dividuals who have performed their services, and
are now ready to go home. We have no other
mode of securing them their pay than this. These
claims are private, of course, as the public have
no interest m them.
Mr. RUFFIN. I desire to be allowed to make
a statement, and to make an inquiry of the gen-
tleman from New York. I wish to know whether
the late Doorkeeper of the House did not put some
eight or ten pages upon the floor of the House
beyond the number he was authorized to appoint;
and whether they are not the pages who are now
claiming pay? He was authorized to appoint
twelve pages. I understand some twelve nave
been paid, and that some eight more are claiming
compensation.
Mr. SPINNER. I will state, in reply to the
gentleman from North Carolina, that it is the gen-
eral custom of this House to vote an additional
number of pages, or pay to an additional number.
The Senate to-day has twenty pages, while we
have but twelve.
Mr. RUFFIN. I do not understand the gen-
tleman. Have not twelve pages already been
paid ?
Mr. SPINNER. Twelve have been paid, and
eight more are claiming pay. They continued in
service duringthe disorganized state of the House.
Mr. COX. Have they rendered the services?
Mr. SPINNER. They have.
Mr. RUFFIN. There was a resolution passed
last Congress authorizing the appointment of
twelve pages, and no more.
Mr. SPINNER-. But the House voted for the
pay of eight more at the close of the last session.
Mr. RIIFFIN. Has that resolution ever been
repealed ?
Mr. SPINNER. No, sir.
Mr. RUFFIN. The resolution of this House
never authorized the Doorkeeper to employ those
eight pages. He appointed them without au-
thority of law, and against the order of the House.
There never has been a law of this House author-
izing their employment.
Mr. SPINNER. I desire to say that the House
passed a resolution, at the close of the last session,
by which eight of these pages were to be paid.
They were continued by the Doorkeeper, sup-
posing that they would be paid again.
