1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2081
upon the subject. If lie wishes to be heard, I do
not want the vote taken until lie has been heard.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to postpone the further consid-
eration of the veto message until to-morrow.
The,motion was agreed to.
MAILS TO PIKE'S PEAK.
Mr. "WADE. I will ask the Senate to take up
a joint resolution from the House of Representa-
tives for the relief of a lawyer for services ren-
dered by him to the United States. It is all right,
I presume. I suppose there is no dispute about
it. It has been reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary, and I move to take it up.
Mr. YULEE. 1 ask the Senator to allow me
to make a report on a bill from a committee.
Mr. WADE. I will yield for a moment.
'Mr. YULEE. I am directed by the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. G61) to furnish addi-
tional mail facilities, to report the same back with-
out amendment, and recommend its passage. A
good deal of anxiety has been manifested by gen-
tlemen in the other House representing the Ter-
ritory and States more immediately interested in
the passage of this bill, and they have asked as
early action as possible upon it. That early ac-
tion has been deferred by the protracted continu-
ances of our sessions — I should have said, ad-
journments of our sessions. This is the first
opportunity I have had to report the bill; and I
ask the immediate action of the Senate upon it, if
there be no objection.
Mr. WADE. Why, Mr. President, I had made
a motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Florida yield to the Senator from Ohio?
Mr. WADE. I have the floor. I made a mo-
tion to take up a joint resolution, and barely gave
the floor to the Senator from Florida that he might
report his bill. There is a joint resolution reported
from the Committee on the Judiciary, in favor of
a very worthy young man, that I am very anxious
to have disposed of now, if it can be done. There
is no dispute about it, T believe. I want to pass
it if I can. It'is very rarely I ask for such a thing.
My motion is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
gave way to the Senator from Florida, and the
Senator from Florida has made a motion.
Mr. YULEE. I will state the purpose of the
bill, and the Senator will not probably object. It
is simply making tin appropriation to enable the
Department to put into operation the post routes
to Pike's Peak.
Mr. WADE. If there is no dispute about the
bill, we can pass it quicker than talk about it.
Mr. YULEE. I am sure there will be no ob-
jection to it. I have shown it to the chairman of
the Committee on Finance, and there is no objec-
tion to it from any quarter. We take the bill as
it came from the House.
Mr. GREEN". I will merely suggest that the
joint resolution which the Senator from Ohio has
moved to take up ought to pass.
Mr. WADE. My motion to take up the joint
resolution to which I have referred is first in or-
der. I do not care about which is taken up first,
though, if there is td be no debate about either of
them.
Mr. YULEE. Both can bejiassed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Florida, that
the Senate now proceed to consider the bil!^ (H.
R. No. 661) to furnish additional mail facilities,
iust reported from the Committee on the I-'ost
Office and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It places the sum of §25,160 at the
disposal of the Postmaster General, for mail ser-
vice on the na*v post routes in western Kansas,
authorized by the act of March 27, 1860; and ap-
propriates the sum of §400,000, to be applied on
such of the new routes established by the act en-
titled "An act to establish post routes," approved
June II. 18f)8, as the Postmaster General may
deem advisable.
The lull was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
THOMAS C. WAKE.
Mr. WADE. I now renew my motion to take
up the joint resolution (H. R. No. 15) for the re-
lief of Thomas C. Ware.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution. It directs that there be paid
to 'Thomas C. Ware, of Cincinnati, Ohio, the sum
of $1,500, in full for services rendered by him to
the Government of the United States, at the re-
quest of D. O. Morton, late district attorney of
the United States, in the case of the United States
vs. Lyman, Cole, and others, indicted and tried
in the circuit court of the United States for the
district of Ohio, at the October term, 1853^
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment.
Mr. IVERSON. Is there a report in that case ?
If there is, 1 should like to hear it read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of the report is asked for, and it will be rend.
Mr. IVERSON. I understand, from the read-
ing of the bill, that it gives a fee of §1,500 to a
single individual, for prosecuting a single case be-
fore a Federal court. It seems to me that is a
tolerably tall figure for a single fee in a single case.
I should like to know why the district attorney
did not attend to hi* business. How came this
party to be substituted?
Mr. GREEN. This bill has passed the House;
has been fully investigated before the Committee
on the Judiciary here; and I can state to the Sen-
ator that it was a case which required additional
aid with the district attorney, and that this person
expended a large amount of money in taking de-
positions, all of which the United States availed
itself of at the trial, with his assistance. The claim
is all right and proper, and Mr. Ware ought to be
paid. There are cases arising in the district courts
where the district attorney cannot himself attempt
to take the depositions, to make the arguments,
and to prepare the briefs. This is one of that
class. Uiis man was employed, and lie ought to
be paid.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of the report is asked for, and the Secretary will
read it, unless the call is waived.
Mr. GREEN. It is not necessary to read it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Georgia request the reading of the re-
port ?
Mr. KING. 1 think we had better have the
report read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the reading
of the report is demanded it will be read.
The Secretary proceeded to read the report.
Mr. KING. I am assured that this matter is
all ri^ht; that it is merely to pay a counsel fee. I
withdraw the call.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the fur-
ther reading of the report will bo dispensed with,
unless asked for by some .Senator.
Mr. IVERSON. I do not insist upon the read-
ing of lie report. The explanation submitted by
the Senator from Missouri, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, states the case pretty well; and j
as it is now understood, it is simply this: that in j
the case of a prosecution on the part of the Uni- .
ted States against some criminal offender, the j
district attorney of the United States undertakes, j
witlrout authority, to employ additional counsel j
to aid him in the prosecution. He had no author- j
ity, as I understand, from the Government; no ;
authority from any branch of the Government; but ]
feeling his own deficiency, he employs this coun- i
sel to aid him in the prosecution of the case; and
in this way he voluntarily subjects_ the Govern-
ment to this additional expense. Now, sir, I do
not think that that practice ought to be coun-
tenanced by the Government. It ought not to be
countenanced by Congress.
The Committee on Claims recently had before jj
itasimilar case, and we have looked into that case
pretty thoroughly. It is the case of a lawyer, now
residing in the city of Washington, formeily m
the State of California, who aided in the exaiuin- j
ation and detection of a large number of fraudulent |
grants in California, which have been set aside, J
probably, by the Supreme Court, and he now j.
comes and asks that he may be compensated for |i
the labor and expense which he underwent m that
investigation. The committee undertook to ex-
amine it, and did examine it, and came to the con-
clusion that he was not entitled to remuneration;
not that his services were not valuable to the Gc v-
ernment. About that we could not very well de-
termine; but there was a voluntary undertaking,
on the part of that gentleman, to go into this inves-
tigation, without authority, without being called
upon by the Government, or any officer of the
Government; and then, after he concludes his la-
bors,he comes and demands an exorbitant remu-
neration. We decided against the claim, and the
committee have asked to be discharged from its
further consideration. It is precisely similar to
this case in principle. The only difference is,
that he volunteered his services, and they were
accepted by the district attorney in California,
and in this case the district attorney engaged the
services of this individual. There is the difference,
and the only difference, ido not see any differ-
ence at all in principle. The district attorney had
no authority to engage assistant counsel in the
case. There is no law, as 1 understand, to author-
ize it. If there be a law to authorize it, then I will
give way. I ask the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee whether there is any law -which au-
thorizes a district attorney to employ additional
counsel ?
Mr. BAYARD. I can only say to the honor-
able Senator, that the resolution never met my
approbation; that I was not aware it would be
called up to-day, and that I necessarily must op-
pose it, because I think it a dangerous precedent
to be established by Congress. The objection to
the case consists in this: I do not deny 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President—i-
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Delaware give way to the Senator from
Illinois?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is manifest that this
subject is going to lead to discussion, and I call
for the order of the day.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no objection to that.
All I auk is, when the bill comesup, that the Sen-
ate will hear me in reference to it. I think a dan-
gerous precedent will be established in passing
this resolution. All I ask is to be heard upon it.
I do not desire to discuss it now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint res-
olution will be laid aside, in order that the Senate-
may proceed to the consideration of the unfinished
business of yesterday, which i3 the order of the
day at this time
IIOEMAS LAND GRANT.
Mr. SLIDELL. I hope the Senator from Ohio
will permit me to toko up a bill merely for the
pm pose of makingit the special order for a future
day.
Mr. WADE. Very well, sir.
Mr. SLIDELL. The bill No. 307 was, on the
16th of April, made the special order of the day
for Monday, the 7th of May; but m the interval
—it having'boen understood, by common consent,
that the Senator from Mississippi should address
the Senate on that day on the subject of his pend-
ing k solutions—the bill which 1 now move to take
up, and which I am anxious should be passed
upon, could not tlieivbe considered. Many Sen-
ators will be absent next week, and I therefore
now move that it be made the special order of the
day for Tuesday of the week after next, 22d of
May.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved to
take up the bill indicated by the Senator from
Louisiana,.with a view to make it the special
order for Tuesday, the 22d of May.
Mr. SLIDELL. I understand that is agreeable
to tl e Senator from Georgia.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir. I am very anxious
to biirg the bill up. It is important for many
reasons.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
made the special order for .one o'clock on Tues-
day, the 22d of May.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
(S. No. 41G) to secure homesteads to actual set-
tlers on the pub'icdomain,and for other purposes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill is now
in the Senate, having been reported from the C<fai-
niittee of the Whole, with various amendments;
and the question in order is, Will the Senate con-
cur in the amendments made by the committee.'
Mr. WADE. I wish to make the same motion
that 1 did in committee, to strike out all of"the bill
after the enacting clause, and insert the bill of the
House.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
