1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
67
the time and manner of administering certain
oaths:"
" Be it further enacted, That at the first session of Con-
gress, after every general election of Representatives, the
oath or affirmation aforesaid shall be administered by any
one member of the House of Representatives to the Speaker,
and by him to all the members present, and to the Clerk,
previous to entering on any other business."
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, took the floor.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I insist onmypoiijf
of order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. What is the point
of order?
The CLERK. That no debate is in order during
the pending of the previous question. There is
also another question of order before the House;
and that is, whether the Clerk has the power to
decide questions of order as they arise.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Well, I will do-
bate that after awhile.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. At the request of
friends all round me, I withdraw my point of
order.
Mr. DAVIS,- of Mississippi. It was said by
the gentleman from Illinois this morning that ho
understood I was anxious to address the House.
I am not anxious. I have remained here several
days without occupying a moment of the time of
the House. I have been ready to vote from the
moment I came here; I am ready to vote now;
and if I was absolutely certain, beyond doubt,
that no more speeches would be made by any
other member, I would not now detain the
House; because I am quite as anxious to see
the House organized as any gentleman here, and
quite as unwilling that our time should be occu-
pied in such discussion as any one else. I do
not intend, in any remarks which 1 shall submit
to the House to-day, to deal in invective. I have
nothing harsh to say to any member. 1 speak
simply for the purpose of imparting such in-
formation as I may be m possession of, and of
expressing such views as I may entertain in
reference to the present condition. I shall speak
with the view alone of arraying, if possible, the
Representatives of tlfc nation in this House in
favor of the maintenance of that harmony and
good order which ought to exist in this Govern-
ment, and to induce them, if possible, to conic
back to the support of the Government, as estab-
lished by our fathers. I believe, myself, that
this Government is worth saving. I am no dis-
unionist, per se. It is the last desire of my heart
that this Union should ever be rent asunder. I
admire it for its present greatness, for its vast
achievements, and for its past glories ; and I am
willing to-day to make as many sacrifices for the
preservation of this Union as any man in this
House or within the limits of this vast and glo-
rious country.
But, notwithstanding my devotion, there are
evils, in my estimation, greater than the advan-
tages of the Union itself. It was said last evening,
by the distinguished gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Nelson,] that the Democratic party of this
country is responsible for the present condition
of public opinion in the North. I suppose the
object of making that charge was to prejudice the
Democratic party in the estimation of the country.
Now, 1 am willing to admit that by possibility
the Democratic party may be the cause of the
present excited fanatical state of opinion existing
m the North, and, as one member of that party,
I am willing to take the responsibility of the
charge. But how is that party the cause ? it is
simply because we have stood from the organiza-
tion of the Government in opposition to the wishes
and opinions of the northern fanatics, and have
resisted their efforts to overthrow the domestic
institutions of the South. It is because we have
resisted the aggressions of northern fanatics upon
our rights ana the equality of the southern States.
To that extent the Democratic party may be the
cause of the present excitement; to that extent
they may be liable to the charge of being respons-
ible for the fanatical excitement which exists in
the North.
They have desired to overrun us; they have
desired to interfere with our domestic institutions.
I am willing, then, to take the responsibility, and
to confess that the Democratic party is the cause,
because it is the barrier over which the Abolition-
ists of the North must break before they can de-
stroy our domestic institutions and deprive us of
our equality under the Constitution.
In the position we of the Democratic party have
always assumed, we have always been governed
alono by the letter and the spirit of the Constitu-
tion. W e have been influenced alone by a desire
to maintain the Government in its integrity; we
have had no desire to dissolve the Union. We have
had no desire to sunder the ties of the Govern-
ment; we -have simply desired that it should be
held to an observance of the constitutional compact
of our fathers, and that every State of the Union
should be permitted to enjoy its full and just equal-
ity and rights under that compact. *
But the gentleman from Tennessee says that
we are fire-eaters in the South, and that the charge
of disunion sentiments made in the northern States
is attributable to us. In 1851, when the contest
arose between the different sections of the Union,
out of which grew the compromise measures, in-
volving features which we believed prejudicial to
our interests, foreshadowing, as we believed, the
coming storm, which is now breaking with such
terrible fury upon the southern States of this
Union, we did not propmse to go out of the Union;
that was not the doctrine of the South then. The
Carty to which the gentleman from Tennessee
elongs, then actuated and influenced by senti-
ments of ambition, as I believe, rather than of
patriotism, charged us with being disunionists at
that time. But, sir, in the section of the country
in which I reside, our object was not then dis-
union; it was simply that there should be a general
convention of the southern States in their sover-
eign capacity to determine, in case the sovereign
States of the North should continue to act in viola-
tion of the compact of our fathers, what course
to pursue, and to demand that they should give
us guarantees that they would proceed no further.
To this extent only did our party go in 1851. No
man then advocated a dissolution of the Union.
We all denied the charge then. It was then said
by the State-rights party that when this demand
was made by southern States, if it was not heeded
by northern States they would regard it as an
evidence of their determination to break down
our institutions and deprive us of our equality in
the Union; and in that event, rather than remain
in the Union as inferiors, they would go out, even
at the peril of war. And I say here to the gen-
tleman that if the whole South had been united
in that demand as one man, they would have pro-
cured that harmony and concord which would
have enabled us to meet together now without
any sectional feeling or sectional enmity.
I do not charge the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Nelson] as associating with Mr. Seward
and the Black Republican party, for I believe that
no man has yet been born upon the soil of Ten-
nessee, or breathes the air wafted over that gal-
lant State, who, for a moment, could cooperate
in Seward's measures of treason, rapine, and
murder.
There is a point to which I wish to call the at-
tention of the gentleman from Tennessee, as well
as that of those from the South who cooperate
with hime Do you not know that Mr. Seward
has said that the only thing which now gives pio-
toction and security to the institution of slavery
and the rights of the South is the Dembcratic
party? Do you not know that he has said that
every other party which has advocated the main-
tenance of southern rights has gone down before
the sentiment of abolitionism? Do you not know
that he has said that the only thing to be done to
enable him to propagate, effectually and success-
fully, his principles of abolitionism, is to destroy
the Democratic party ? It is a national, and the
only national, party of the Union, and therefore
stands in his way to triumph. Do you not know,
then, that if the Black Republicans succeed in
their war upon us, the only national party in the
Union will be destroyed? That being the case,
looking to the great object the Republican party
has in view, are you not indirectly—directly,!
may say, although not intentionally—aiding that
party to effect its object by your present position ?
Mr. NELSON. With the permission of my
friend from Mississippi, I beg leave to say, once
for all, that, so far as I am personally concerned,
I detest the doctrines avowed by Senator Seward.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I know that; and
I desire therefore fairly to bring to your attention
how your position here may aid him in breaking
down the Democratic party, which he so anx-
iously desires to destroy. I believe that the gen-
tleman and his party arc as patriotic as myself.'' I
believe that he ana they would make as many
sacrifices for the interests and rights of the South
as I would. Therefore it is I am surprised that
they do not array themselves in the ranks of the
only national party in this Union, in order that
abolitionism may be arrested, and the North
warned to repair the damage it has already .done.
Holding the Democratic party to be the only na-
tional party of the Union, and the only one that
stands forward to arrest the march ofabolitionism,
I say that it is the duty of conservative men every-
where, come from what quarter they may, by
whatever names they may be called, to come for-
ward, sustain that party, and vindicate the Coun-
try against the wild schemes of treason and rev-
olution of the Republicans. I do not only Say to
Americans that it is their duty to cooperate with
the national men here, but I insist that those na-
tional men should have cooperation from all con-
servative men upon this floor. The prosperity
and safety of the Union demand that the wild
storm of passion, which is now sweeping over the
southern States, and which will be greatly aug-
mented, after the Harper's Perry affair, when it
is known that sixty-three members of this House
have signed an insurrectionary recommendation to
which attention has already been called, should
be allayed; that the South should be allowed to
sleep in quiet, at least, until the next election of
President, evidencing, as it will, what we arc to
expect finally from the Abolitionists. I urge that
it is the duty of patriotic and conservative men,
whether they be Americans, anti Lecomptonmen,
or whatever name they boar, to come-forward, and
declare for the country, and thus quiet the existing
agitation. Let them pledge themselves to a con-
tinuance of that constitutional compact which has
thus far held thisUnion together. There is nothing
unmanly in this course, nothing undignified, or
worthy of censure. On the contrary, it is worthy
of every laudation.
I remember that, when the allied army had de-
feated Napoleon and banished him to the Island
of Elba, and then came to reconstruct the Euro-
pean nations, they differed among themselves.
Differing in policy, they were about to engage in
war—England and Prussia upon one side, and
the other nations of the alhanee upon the other—
when it was announced that Napoleon had es-
caped from Elba, and was again m France; and
at once discord ceased, and they united in a com-
mon object of once more vanquishing their com-
mon enemy. Cannot conservative men, although
they may differ in sentiment, act now with the
magnanimity of the great nations of Europe?
Ca' not they act to put down the common enemy
of our great and glorious country—the enemy to
equal rights and free institutions, and of the Con-
stitution of the Union ?
But gentlemen say they see no cause of alarm
upon our-part. I would there were 110 cause of
apprehension. I think, however, I shall be able
to show that we have great cause for alarm, and
that prudence demands that we shall act, and act
hastily, instantly, or it will be forever too late.
Before I proceed further, I desire to make one
remark. What is the cause of that want of har-
mony which exists between that side of the House
and this ? Whose fault is it ? So far as the South
is concerned, I assert, to-day, that a more loyal
people never lived in any Government than we
nave always been. We have paid our taxes
without complaint, without murmuring; we have
fought the battles of our country whenever we
have been called upon, and I believe with as much
gallantry as the people of any other State in this
Union; we have been ready to vindicate the
rights of the northern State's and their people,
when invaded either by sea or land; and we have
repeatedly raised our voices in condemnation of
any invasion of the rights of the North when
they themselves remained quiet. There is not a
single duty which a people owe to their Govern-
ment we have not performed willingly, which we
have not performed with alacrity and fidelity.
We have never demanded from the North that
which we were not entitled to under the Constitu-
tion; and I challenge gentlemen upon the other side
to put their finger upon a single demand we have
made to which we were not only entitled by the
spirit, but by the express letter of the Constitu-
tion. Then if we have been loyal to the Govern-
ment, if we have always discharged our duty to
