2032
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10.
first in order is upon concurring in the amend-
ment.'? nfadc to the bill as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr WADE. Very well.
Mr. PUGH. I ask that the amendment offered
by the Senator from Minnesota [Mr. Rice] may
be excepted. The question can be taken on con-
curring in the others, I suppose, without objec-
tion.
Mr HAMLIN. I ask to except, also, that
amendment which limited the time in which lands
were to be in the market before they were ceded
to the States, from thirty-five down to thirty years.
1 desire a separate vote taken on that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Unless some
Senator requests a- separate vote on the other
amendments, the question will be taken on con-
curring in all the amendments made in committee,
with the exception of the two indicated—one by
the Senator from Maine, and the other by the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. GREEN. I desire a separate vote on each
one ol the amendments. Let them be read over
and voted upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A separate vote
is asked on each. The amendments made in com-
mittee will be read.
The Secretary proceeded to read them. The
first amendment made in committee was in sec-
tion one, line fifteen, after the words " quarter sec-
tion" t£> insert the words "or other subdivisions;"
so that the clause will read:
That h-i or she is the bond of a family, and ia actually
nettled on ihe quartei section, or other bubilivisjons pro-
posed to be enleied, &c.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The. question
is, Will the Senate concur in this amendment?
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. GREEN. I think the last amendment con-
curred in is a little too vague, and it ought to be
reconsidered, in order to amend it, so as to read
"any other legal subdivision not exceeding a
quarter section." These words ought to be in-
serted, otherwise they might take a whole section,
or a whole township. The legal subdivision is a
township, section, quarter section, eighty acres,
or forty acres. This leaves it for a quarter sec-
tion, which is one hundred and sixty acres, and
then says "or other legal subdivision?." If it
means not exceeding a quarter section, it is right.
I think, therefore, it ought to be reconsidered, and
be rnnde to read, "not exceeding a quarter sec-
tion."
Mr. PUtiH. If the Senator will look at the
whole context, he will probably see that that is
uuneci'ss.uy. In the fust part of the bill, the
pai ly is authorized to enter one imai ter section,
or any less quantity, by legal subdivision. Now,
this seond is a mere relative clause, and is lim-
ited by its own antecedent, and therefore cannot
be the subject of any discussion.
Mr. GREEN. I should like to have the word
4 * less" put in there.
Mr. PUUtl. I think if the Senator will read
the section compactly, he will see that there is no
«uch difficulty.
Mr, GREEN". Let us guaid it, and prevent
difficulty hereafter.
Mr IUIOWN. I think that proposition was
adopted some days n^o, on my own motion. It
is obviously right. "Other legal subdivisions"
may mean what the Senator from Missouri says
they menu. It is very easy to insert the words
not exceeding one hundred and sixty acres of
land." Then it applies to lots. Everybody that
knows anything about the public lands, knows
thi't wherever a suction borders upon a river theie
me lots; five, ten, fifteen, and twenty acres in a
lot. They ought to be open to this settlement.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest that these wordy can be added by com-
mon consent, unless a motion to reconsider is
made.
Mr. GREEN. I move a reconsideration in
( nfer to put m these words. They can do no
1 arm.
Air. PUGII. That can be done by unanimous
consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Unless it is
objected to, that will be considered as the sense
of the Senate, and the Secretary will make the
addition.
Mr HARLAN. I suggest the phraseology,
" not exceeding one quarter section;" because it
sometimes happens that a quarter section is more
than one hundred and sixty acres.
Mr. BROWN. Very well; let that be the
language.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the clause as he has prepared it.
The Secretary read it. In section one, line fif-
teen, after the words " quarter section," to insert
the words " or other subdivision not exceeding
one quarter section."
Mr. GREEN. That is all right.
Th^PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now before the Senate is oh concurring in the sec-
ond amendment, in section one, line thirty-one,
after the word "they," to insert the words " that
is to say, some member of the same family;" so
that the clause will read:
And if, at the expiration of such time, the person making
such entry, or, if he bo dead, his widow, oi, in case of her
death, Ins child or children, or, in case of a widow making
such entry, her child orchildren, In case of her death, shall
piove by two credible witnesses that he, she, or they, that
i* to say, some member of the same family, has or have
eiccted a dwelling-house, &c.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment wfft in section six, line
two, t© strike out the words " make more than one
entry," and to insert "to enter more than one
quarter section, or fractional quarter section, and
that in a compact body; but entries may be made
at different times;" so that the section will read:
That no iiidividu.il {shall be permitted to enter more than
one quarter section, or fractional quarter section, and that
in a compact body; but entries made be made at different
times nuclei the provisions ot this act.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was at the end of section
seven to insert:
Provided further, That any claimant under the preemp-
tion laws may take lesd than one hundred and sLxty acres
by legal subdivisions.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in section ten, line
five, after (lie word "have," to insert the word
" been" before the word " graduated."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in section eleven, line
seven, after the woid " location," to insert " or
any entry under this act;" so that it will read:
Provided, The«> cessions t-hall tn no way invalidate any
inceptive preemption light or location, or any eutiy uuder
thi* iiet, &lv.
The amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Wo come now
to the reserved amendments. The first is m sec-
tion one, line nine, after the word "entry "to
insert the words " or preemption."
Mr. PlIGII. I ask for the yeas and nays on
th.u amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. l^UGH. I wish to say three or four words
in explanation of the operation of the amendment,
to refresh the recollection of Senators. Preemp-
tioners, under the present law, have been indulged,
many of them, to an extraordinary degree. They
have not been compelled to pay until the Presi-
dent orders the land to be sold, and, therefore,
whenever the President has been induced to with-
draw his proclamation, they have had an indefi-
nite credit. This bill, in the seventh section, gives
two years in addition, from the passage of the
act. Now, if the amendment of the Senator from
Minnesota remains, they will avail themselves of i
the two years, and at the expiration of that time
will then make new entries under the first section
of the bill, and take five years more, and finally pay
one fifth of the puichase-money; so that you give
them seven years'credit, and compound with them
at twenty per cent, on the amount they expected
to pay. It seems tome to divert this fromanome-
stcud bill into a more bill to forgive debts. By
that, it seems to me, the whole bill is destroyed,
merely to accommodate a class of persons who
have already been indulged a great deal, and
whom the bill itself proposes to indulge further.
1 think it is a most unjust amendment, and cal-
culated to destroy the bill.
Mr, RICE. The question, I believe, is on the
amendmentmy colleague and myselfagreed upon.
I am ready to admit to the Senate now that the
amendment, as adopted in committee yesterday,
is not exactly what my colleague or myself in-
tended. It was hastily drawn. The object, we had
in view was simply to put the present settlers—
the men who went into the western country first,
and bridged the streams and made the roads—upon
an equality with those that may come hereafter;
that is all. Will the Senator from Ohio say that
that is not right? You draw an invidious dis-
tinction. You will not grant to the men who set-
tled first in the Northwest the same rights that you
Eropose to give to those who may be imported
ereafter from abroad. Do I so understand you,
sir ?
Mr. PUGH. I certainly must draw a line at
some place. I cannot go back to the first settlers
of the Northwest. Therefore, I propose to make
the act prospective—to give to nobody, but to
apply to the future.
Mr. RICE. You prefer to give to those who
may come hereafter, with feather beds, an advant-
age over those who went into the country desti-
tute of means; those who went into the country
when it was a wilderness, and who endured all
the hardships and all the sufferings incident to a
pionecrhfe. You willignore that class, andgive to
those that come now, who can come by means of
railroads, with all the luxuries and all the com-
forts of life. Will you make that distinction ? I
know you cannot, in your hearts. There certainly
isamistakeand misunderstanding between us. If
the first settler in a new Territory is not entitled
to protection, is the man who may come after en-
titled to it ? Can we not understand one another
on this point?
I simply ask you to protect the pioneers. I am
not speaking now for those that may come to take
advantage of the experience of those that went
before. 1 am speaking for those that went first,
and risked their life, fortune, health, everything.
Will my friend from Ohio dissent from this? I
admit that the amendment that we offered yester-
day went beyond this. I wish to modify it so as
merely to protect the first pioneers of the West.
Now, in connection with that, I want to say to
my friend from Oregon, [Mr. Lank,] whose heart
is always right, but whose head, I think, was
wrong yesterday, that m my State we have hun-
dreds of men, a great many with whom I have
conversed personally, who followed his triumph-
ant ilag through Mexico, and I am asking for
protection for that class. Did I say protection ?
I am wrong. Sir, I do not believe in protection.
I ask for equal rights for them; that is all.
I do not propose to extend this provision to the
Territories, because the people of the Territories
have no taxes to pay for their government, but I
want to apply it to the States. I do not ask to carry
it upon unsurveyed lands, because I perceive
that objections could be made to that. I merely
seek to protect those who went upon surveyed
lands prior to the 1st day of January, 1860, and
made their settlements in good faith. The only
object I design to accomplish is that those who
went first, and endured all, and made the West
valuable, shall be put on the same footing that
you propose to put the pauper of a foreign coun-
try upon; that is all. if the Senator from Ohm
understands me, my confidence in him is such
that I believe he will agree with me. If he does
not understand me, it is my misfortune. I ask
no privileges to those who went into that coun-
try, to the pioneers, over those that may come
hereafter.
Mr. POLK. With the consent of the Senator
from Minnesota, I should like to say a word to
him. I voted for his amendment when the Sen-
ate was in Committee of the Whole on the bill,
and I am disposed to extend to the class of set-
tlers to which the Senator from Minnesota has
referred, the benefits of this act; but it strikes me
that probably the amendment, as it stands, may
have a wider effect than that; and I have thought
of suggesting to the Senator whether an amend-
ment in the language I will now read, will not
miet the case; and if so, I would prefer to vote
for the amendment in this shape; after the word
"States" in the fourth line, add " and every per-
son who, at the passage of this act, shall be
entitled to a preemption under existing law."
| Then the section would read:
: That any person who U the head of a family and a
i citizen of the United States, and every person who, at the
parage of this act, shall be entitled to a preemption under
I existing law, shall be entitled to enter one quarter aec-
j lion, &c.
I Mr. RICE. My friend from Missouri agrees
