68
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
the Government, if we have withheld no right to
which you of the free States were entitled under
the Constitution, if we have done you full justice
in everything, if we have by our agricultural in-
dustry contributed to lay the foundation of your
great commercial and national prosperity, if we
have done all this, I ask why it is that there is
ihis day no peace for us, and why it is we are
compelled to look to a dissolution of the Union
for safety? If there is cause for it, that cause
must have been afforded by others. What is the
cause, or is there any cause? Let me examine.
I demand that gentlemen shall give heed to what
I shall read.
In a speech made some two years ago in the
Senate of the United States, Mr. Seward holds
this language:
"The question of slavery in the Federal Territories,
which are the nurseries of future States, independent of its
moral and humane elements, involves a dynastical struggle
of two antagonistieal systems, the labor of slaves and the
laljpr af freemen, for mastery in the Federal Union.'''
Now mark the proposition. It is that there
exists in this Government two distinct systems of
labor. The system which exists in the slave
States and that which exists in the free States,
and between these two systems there is an antag-
onism—that is an " irrepressible conflict," as that
gentleman said in liis Rochester speech.
This Government was organized in reference to
our foreign affairs, our external concerns; I ap-
prehend that no man upon this floor, acquainted
with the history of our Government, believes our
fathers intended to confer on it authority to regu-
late by law our internal affairs, or to deny to the
States the right to regulate their own interna! af-
fairs in their own way. It was intended that the
General Government should huv c jurisdiction over
our relations with foreign nations, regulate com-
merce between the States, and preserve each from
invasion, &c. Itwas believed that the States could
take care of themselves, and that they were left
to manage their own internal affairs in such way
as their climate and soil would indicate. Nothing
else was contemplated by the framers of the Con-
stitution. Thus they supposed all conflict or
cause of complaint would be forever avoided.
But the announcement is now made to us that
there exists on this continent two distinct systems
of labor in antagonism which cannot be reconciled
or compromised, but which must go on, as Mr.
Seward said, in his Rochester speech, until all
the States of this Union shall be made free States
or all slave Suites. And is an antagonism like
this of no importance to us? Is it an announce-
ment to be made upon the floor of the United
States Senate, and yet we regard it as the idle
wind which blows around us ? We have too much
confidence in your purposes and the objects you
have in view to delay longer in apprehending the
ultimate effects of tfic doctrines promulgated in
that speech. Allow me to ask you,gentlemen, jf
it were announced to the people of tho United
States by Great Britain that there was tin antag-
onism between their Government and yours, and
that the one or the other should be overthrown,
and that they intended to overthrow your insti-
tutions, what would be the feeling awakened in
your bosoms? It would be an intense feeling of
patriotism, and each gentleman upon that side of
the House would say to Great Britain, " come
on with your army and navy; we are ready and
willing to meet you, we will stand by our Gov-
ernment and our institutions." Now let me ask
you if you expect fifteen States of this Union will
tlo less, when you announce that there are two
systems of labor here which are irreconcilable,
and that one or the other of them must be over-
thrown? If you do, you suppose that those you
once regarded as your brethren, bound together m
one great Union, descendents of the same ances-
tors who shed their blood and spent their treasure
for the establishment of the Government which
we now live under, have depreciated greatly be-
low your forefathers and ours.
What do you tell us? You tell us that there
are -two systems of labor 011 this continent—the
one confined to the free States, the other to the
slave States. You make a declaration of war
against us. You declare your determination to
exterminate our system, as you say that the two
systems are incompatible, and that one or the
other must go down. Is not that a declaration
of war against us? I ask national and conserv-
ative men—whether South Americans, North
Americans,or anti-Lecomptonites—-whether they
should not aid us in organizing this House, and
in resisting the progress of this war. It is time we
were harmonious. It is time we were cooperat-
ing. It is time that we had all the constitutional
and national men on our side. You gentlemen
of the South American party, for whom I have
great respect, have no party organization; you
cannot cooperate with any men in the North.
You see us struggling for existence against the
destiny which hangs over us. We ask you^ to
come to-day and rally with us, and aid in putting
down the rebellious organization in the free States
which has now begun to doits work in our midst.
We ask nothing e*se from you. Retain your
names—your distinctive appellations. This is
a fight in which the destinies of the world, and the
future of mankind are involved. When we have
settled the question, we can again divide and con-
tend with cach other as to that which is best to
be done for the general welfare, and to promote
the best interests of our people. This is the high-
est evidence of patriotism and devotion you can
give; and for it your constituents at home will
thank you, and the Democrats at home will thank
you, and your wives and children and kindred,
now anxious about your fate, and others, will
thank you, and God will bless you. They will
say to you when you return, "well done good
and faithful servant; well done patriot and lover
of your country, for you came to the rescue in
the hour of danger to the country."
Now, gentlemen, I want to read you a little
further fiom Mr. Seward's speech. Many of
you have disavowed the Helper book. I want to
see whether you will also disavow and repudiate
the language of Seward himself. I believe the
gentleman from Maine—that little, smallest one
of the Washburn family—[general laughter]—
used about the same language last winter. Sew-
ard says:
" Each one of the existing States has already staked not
only its internal welfare but its mlhtcnce 111 the councils of
the nation on the decision of this contest. Each one has
aheady staked its internal harmony on the decision of the
question."
Here you announce to us that your harmony
is staked 011 the issue. Do you mean, then, to
go to work to get rid of slavery > You announce
your determination to make war upon us; and in
obedience to that declaration you have made war
upon us. You have invaded us. You have come
within our borders. You have sent your armed
men within our borders; and these armed men
have killed some of our citizens, and would, if
they could have got the slaves to rebel, have shed
the blood of our women and children. And yet,
on the very eve of that transaction, the further
announcement is made by Seward that the har-
mony of the country is to be disturbed for the
purpose of breaking down the institution of sla-
very; and the announcement is even made by
members 011 this floor who have recommended
the Helper book, that there is to be no social or
political or religious intercourse with us. Arc
not these things calculated to inflame the minds
of a patriotic and gallant people? Is there no
cause in all this for our talking of disunion, and
of dissevering the tie that binds the States to-
gether ? Is there no cause for excitement ? If we
were to hold to you gentlemen from the free States
the same language as you hold towards us, what
would be your sentiments and feelings and acts?
Now let me read further:
u Such a stiu^jle is not to be arrested or leconciled by
compiomise, 01 oiiieiwise.-"
Thus, the contest is between two systems of
labor; the internal harmony of the States is put in
issue; and the contest is not to be settled by com-
promise, or otherwise. After having forced us
into compromise after compromise in times past,
after our endeavoring to reach a point where we
might remain at peace, and after surrendering ail
but our honor, you come now and tell us that you
■will yield to no further compromise; that the war
is going on and must go 011 and shall go on,until
we have been put down and destroyed. Can we
endure it? Would you yourself endure it? Would
you not arm and defend yourselves, with your
wives and children, at all hazards? Mr.Seward
announced that the conflict had begun between us
in reference to these two systems—a conflict
which, if carried out, would deluge the whole
South with the blood of women and children.
Ought wo not to be excited and disturbed upon
the subject?
But we are to have no further compromises.
Y'ou say you will grant us none. Thank God,
there is no point left upon which compromise can
arise ! We have yielded as long as compromise
will effect anything. There is one other alterna-
tive and but one other step, which is, to drive us
^o the wall; to incite our negroes to rise in insur-
rection. and murder ourwives and children. We
can make no more compromises; for, as I have
said, we have nothing else to yield. You have
taken all, save the mere possession of our prop-
erty itself. You have scarcely left us our honor.
We were taunted, the day before yesterday, by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
vens,] with having surrendered even that. Sir,
while there lives in the breast of every southern
man that feeling of affection which you suggest
ought to exist between the people of the different
sections of the Union, still, as I have observed
before, we will not be driven one inch beyond
where we stand. We will rather be butchered, if
it must come to that—not by the negro, for there
is no danger of that, and I would like to sec any
white man undertake it—but I repeat it, I would.
rather be butchered than to surrender another
inch.
Now, gentlemen, let mo show you a little fur-
ther, because I am presenting your platform. It
was announced to be your platform by Mr.Gid-
dings, last winter, with the concurrence of the
whole Republican party of the House, so far as
I am informed Pie tells you to stand upon your
Seward platform; it is true, they may beat you
in i860; it is possible they could; but it is the last
time they ever can. Then it is your determina-
tion to overthrow the institution of slavery in the
South. He tells you that hereafter you must
present the naked question of abolition of our
slavery, and there was no dissent expressed upon
the part of the Republicans in the House m con-
demnation of the sentiment; but on the contrary,
the conduct of members indicated that that was
their determination. *
Rut what else docs he say ?
" Does tins fact mean nothing? All parties in this coun-
tiy that liave tolerated the extension of shivery, except one,
have perished t'oi that error already. That 2a<,t one—the
Democratic party—is hurrying on, inetnevably, toward the
same fate."
Docs this language mean nothing? Now, mark
you, you gentlemen who want to make out that
you arc not in favor of interfering with slavery
where it exists. Is that the policy of Mr. Sew-
ard, the great leader of that party ? He says that
it must not continue to exist even where it now
exists. Does that fact mean nothing? He says
that all the parties in favor of slavery ill this coun-
try have perished except one, and that the Dem-
ocratic party. Why, is there any brotherly feel-
ing between you gentlemen of the North and us
of the South ? I like an Englishman, to-day, better
than I do you. You arc a part of the same great
nation, and yet you make war upon us. You
ask us to regard you as brothers, and yet your
conduct towards us is vengeful and revengeful.
Sir, Administration after Administration has
gone down—and why ? Because it has been de-
stroyed by the Abolitionists and by abolition senti-
ment ;and the lastparty which remains as a national
party is the Democratic party; and that party, says
Mr. Seward, must fall. Then, I ask you, in a spirit
of patriotism, why is it hurrying to the same
fate ? Because the Black Republicans of the North
are making war upon them. And what are they
making war upon them for? Becausc they are
in favor of slavery, or rather of doing the South
justice in relation to it. It is to abolish abolition
from our midst. That is the object of it. [Ap-
plause.] And in that cooperation I hope that wo
will be able to save ourselves and our institu-
tions and our glorious Government from the hor-
rors of civil war and bloodshed. More than that;
he again says:
" All Administrations which have avowed this policy
have gone down di>honorcd for that cause, except the
picsent one."'
My friend from Tennessee [Mr. Nelson] said
yesterday that Mr. Fillmore had done much in
favor of southern rights and southern institutions.
Admit it; but has he not gone down, and gone
down for that very reason? Has not Mr. Fill-
more gone down because he was our friend and
did his duty toward our institutions? Now you
