1088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOffE.
March 9.
Mr. RUFFIN. It amounts to this: that a reso-
lution was passed by this House authorizing and
requiring the Doorkeeper to employ twelve pages,
and no more. There never had been, previous
to that time, more than fourteen.
Mr. SPINNER. And twenty have been paid.
Mr. RUFFIN. Yes, sir; the Doorkeeper, not-
withstanding the resolution of the House, went
on and appointed more than he was authorized to
appoint, and now they ask pay.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to say a word in
reply to what has fallen from the gentleman from
North Carolina. My understanding of the facts
is this: that after the House reduced the number
to twelve, as has already been stated, an addi-
tional number of pages absolutely forced them-
selves upon the Doorkeeper, and asked his per-
mission to lot them run upon the floor, taking
their chance of pay from the House; that the Door-
keeper did not intend to violate the order of the
House; but that he did, from the great pressure
made upon him by those pages, permit them to
run upon the floor, taking their chance of pay.
Mr. RUFFIN. That makes the matter no
better.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I do not know of any con-
sent being given by any member of this liouse;
certainly none was given by me. I knew nothing
of the arrangement at the time, but it came to my
knowledge subsequently. I did not approve of
the conduct of the Doorkeeper in that particular;
but I have said thus much m his defense*. I was
decidedly opposed to increasing the number of
pages, and voted with the gentleman from North
Carolina and the gentleman from Kentucky, who
introduced the original proposition to reduce the
number.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from North
Carolina has been more inclined to blame the
Doorkeeper than probably he would be had ho
looked at all the facts. I understand the facts to
be, that there were more than twelve pages in the
House; that the House passed a resolution es-
tablishing twelve as the number of pages, beyond
which the Doorkeeper was not to go. The pages
thereby excluded, and others, pressed upon the
Doorkeeper to allow them to run upon the floor,
and take their chance for pay.
I understand also from the Doorkeeper—for I
remonstrated with him upon the subject a few
days ago, and after the first effort of the gentleman
from New York to introduce this resolution—that
th is thing was done at the solicitation, in the main,
of members of the House; he stating to the mem-
bers that he was not authorized to receive them.
But members insisted that he should allow the
pages to remain here, taking their chance of pay
from the House. These are the circumstances
under which the Doorkeeper acted.
Mr. RUFFIN. Gentlemen will remember that
the first session of the last Congress disgraced
its Doorkeeper for this very thing, because he
employed a larger number of persons than was
authorized by law. But immediately after that
action, and in the face of it, the House having
declared the number of messengers and pages to
be employed by the Dookeeper, the Doorkeeper
goes on and employs twenty. Gentlemen say that
has been customary. The very object of that
resolution was to prevent this thing. According
to my recollcction it had not been customary, pre-
vious to that time, to employ more than fourteen
pages; and there never have been twenty pages
until the close of the last session of Congress.
There are pages here now who are actually in the
way; little boys of eight or ten years old, who
cannot write members' names, who cannot write
their own names, and who are kept here so that
they or their friends may draw the pay which
pages who are competent to do the business are
entitled to. If we had twelve good, competent
boys here, they would be amply sufficient for the
use of the House. That has been tested heretofore.
Mr. UNDkRWOOD. I desire to say a word
or two in behalf of these innocent boys.
Mr. RUFFIN. I do not yield the floor.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I thought the gentleman
from North Carolina had got through.
Mr. RUFFIN. I had not.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I hope the gentleman
from North Carolina will get through before any-
body else occupies the floor. Let us have an equal
chance for it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina has the floor, if he wishes to keep it.
Otherwise, he will please to yield it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 thought the gentle-
man fpotYi North Carolina had got through.
Mr. EURNETT. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from New York one question.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
North Carolina yield the floor?
Mr. RUFFIN. Yes, temporarily.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
Georgia is entitled to the floor, if the gentleman
from North Carolina yields it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I object to the gentle-
man from North Carolina farming out the floor.
Let us take it in turn.
Mr. RUFFIN. I wish to learn the facts of the
case, if I am not permitted to yield to the gentle-
man from Kentucky.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a question of order.
I wish to inquire whether this debate is in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is.
Mr. LOVEJOY. If so, then it is all right.
Mr. RUFFIN. I wish the gentleman from
New York to state—he is on the Committee of
Accounts, and ought to know—how many pages
there are on the floor at this time?
Mr. SPINNER. I do not know; and it is for
that very reason that I desire to fix the number, so
that the House may understand it. The Commit-
tee of Accounts are already instructed against law.
We want to.be disembarrassed of such instruction,
and it was in that view that this resolution was re-
ported. The resolution was unanimously agreed
to in the committee. A similar one was agreed
to the last day but one of the last session of Con-
gress; and on the last day of that session, the
House adopted a resolution, directing the claims
of these employes to be made out by the Clerk,
and paid at the Treasury. Payment was refused
at the Treasury on the ground that they were all
included in the one account. It was decided that
each account should be presented separately, and
each audited and certified by the Committee of
Accounts.
That mandatory resolution against the joint
resolution of both Houses still stands. We con-
sider it rather directory to us, but illegal. We
could now pass the accounts for the legal amount,
but we prefer to have the illegal resolution re-
scinded by the House. It is with that view that
we have presented this resolution.
Mr. RUFFIN. There is one other question
which I wish to ask. Gentlemen say that I have
probably done injustice to the late Doorkeeper.
. Mr. SPINNER. I did npt say so.
Mr. RUFFIN. No; but other gentlemen on
this side have thought so; and have said that I
have done the late Doorkeeper injustice instating
that he employed, without authority, eight addi-
tional pages. It has been suggested to me that
the Committee of Accounts, considering that the
resolution passed last Congress was contrary to
law, had themselves authorized him to employ
them.
Mr. SPINNER. No, sir; so far as the pages
are concerned, the resolution does notcontain any-
thing contrary to law. It only applies to the Door-
keeper. I desire further to state to the House,
that the compensation of the messengers of the
House is fixed bylaw; just the same as the com-
pensation of the messengers of the Senate. During
th? high state of excitement, the pay of the mes-
sengers of a former Doorkeeper was reduced below
what is paid to messengers of the same grade in
the Senate, and to messengers of the same grade
in our post office, and in the office of the Ser-
geant-at-Arms. Their pay is reduced some eigh-
teen or twenty per cent., while the members have
voted themselves one hundred per cent, additional
compensation.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I desire, Mr. Speaker,
to say a few words in behalf of these innocent
boys, who are demanding their pay through this
resolution. If I understand the state of the facts,
they are those—and if I am wrong, the gentleman
from New York, the chairman of the Committee
of Accounts, will please correct me: I understand
that, by a joint resolution of both Houses, the
Doorkeeper of the House was entitled to employ
twenty pages.
Mr. SPINNER. No, sir; there is no law what-
ever in regard to pages.
Mr. UN'DERWOOD. Then I understand that
the resolution of last Congress restricted the Door-
keeper to the employment of twelve pages; but
that, two months before the close of the session,
the House provided forpaying twenty pages. Am
I right in that ?
Mr. SPINNER. Yes, sir.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The pages, some seven
or eight, whose pay is intended to be provided for
by this resolution, were appointed by the Door-
keeper of the last House of Representatives, and
were paid as pages of that House. Several days
before the 5th of December last, they were sum-
moned by the Doorkeeper to attend this House
as pages. They did attend, until the new Door-
keeper was elected, and have performed the ser-
vice; and I say, without reference to any techni-
cality, without reference to any existing law or
regulation, that these boys who performed the
service are entitled to their pay; and the House
of Representatives ought not to hesitate one mo-
ment in paying these boys who performed this
service as pages. One of them I know to have
served as a page during the whole of last session
of Congress. He served up to the time the new
Doorkeeper waselected, when he was dismissed.
He served as faithfully as any page on this floor.
Now, I want to ask if the House of Represent-
atives will allow this service to have been done,
and then refuse to pay for it on the technical
ground that the Doorkeeper did not have thepows^;
to appoint ? I raise no issue at all as to whether
or not the Doorkeeper had the right to appoint
these pages. Certain it is that he did it, and that
they performed the service.  Jf he transcended
his power, it simply amounts to this—nothing
more: that the Doorkeeper did that which he
ought not to have done; while these innocent boys
who are demanding their pay have done what
they ought to have done. They have performed
this service, and, in my judgment, the House of
Representatives would disgrace itself if it were to
refuse to pay them.
Mr. FLORENCE. It would seem to me, Mr.
Speaker, a work of supererogation, after the very
clear and justexplanation given by the gentleman
from Georgia of the relations which these boys
bear to the House, to say another word. I merely
desire to refer gentlemen to the practice that has
existed here ever since I have been a member of
the House. . There has not been a single Con-
gress—and gentlemen who have been here will
justify the remark—that we have not, at the end
of the session, paid the pages who were permitted
to occupy places; or, in the familiar phrase, to
run on the floor. The pressure on the officers of
the House is very great. There is, as every#one
knows, a very great pressure to get these posi-
tions. The compensation paid is very consider-
able. There are widows here who are constantly
running after these people, [laughter,] and asking
members to exert their influence with the Door-
keeper to permit their sons to be on the floor, and
take their chance of payment. Gentlemen can-
not blind their eyes to these facts.
Mr. COBB. I am required by the old Door-
keeper, to ask the gentleman from New York,
who, I believe, was a member of the last Com-
mittee of Accounts, whether that committee did
not authorize Mr. Wright to employ additional
pages ?
Mr„SPINNER. I think there was conversa-
tion in the committee-room, in which a majority
of the committee consented that the additional
pages should remain, and agreed to offer a reso-
lution for their payment.
Mr. FLORENCE. That is a further justifica-
tion. Now, Mr. Speaker, under the old practice,
extra compensation ($200) w^is paid not only to
the regular pages, but to the-extra pages, besides
the per diem, and that is the reason why these boys
are permitted to be here, and that is the reason
why they are now asking for payment. They
were paid, by a resolution of the House, up to the
adjournment of the last Cmigress; and, as all the
officers held over, I put it to gentlemen, would
it not be unjust now to drive away these eight little
boys, and say they did not hold over with the other
officers ?
Mr. RUFFIN. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania a question.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well , you may do so. Ask
twenty, if you like.
Mr. RUFFIN. I would ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, and I want him to answer if he can,
if the pages who were here last session, that he
