1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
69
have an opportunity to avenge the cause of Mr.
Fillmore. Let the gentleman strike, and strike
in connection with those who are now endeavor-
ing to put down the monster of abolitionism.
Why was it that vengeance was visited by the
Abolition party upon Mr. Fillmore? It was be-
cause he had, as they thought, favored the South
a little too much. Hear what Mr. Seward says
of this Administration:
"A pit deeper and darker still is opening to leceivc this
Administration, because it sins more deeply than its pre-
decessors."
This is because Mr. Buchanan has also done
his duty to the South. Are we, then, to stand
by and see our friends at the North, who are
aiding us to sustain the Constitution, lending us
a helping hand in the hour of danger, beaten
down into the dust? I think not. Are we to
allow them to be defeated by those who have an
army of revolutionists at their back ? I will show
the relevancy of this before I am done. I will
show before I am done that Seward, by his own
declaration, knew of the Harper's Ferry affair.
If I succeed in showing that, then he, like John
Brown, deserves, I think, the gallows, for his
participation in it. [Applause.]
Says Mr. Seward:
4k There is a meaning m all these facts, which it becomes
us to study well. The nation has advanced another stage ;
it has reached the point where intervention by the Gov-
ernment, for slavery and slave States, will 110 longer be
tolerated."
What is that stage to which the Union has
advanced? The slave States had a majority in
both branches of Congress once, whereas now
the free States arc seventeen, and the slave States
only fifteen in this Union. There has been a
transfer of the majorities in Congress from the
slave to the free States. The Government, Sen-
ator Seward tells us, has advanced another stage.
The Government is no longer to intervene in favor
of protection for our slaves. We may be robbed
of our property, and the General Government
will not intervene for our piutection. When the
Government gets into the hands of the Republi-
can party, the arm of the General Government,
we are told, will not be raised for the protection
of our slave property. Then intervention in favor
of slavery and slave States will no longer be tol-
erated. Wc may be invaded, and the Black Re-
publican Government will stand and permit our
soil' to be violated and our people assailed and
raise no arm in our defense. The sovereignty of
the State is no longer to be a bar to encroach-
ments upon our rights when the Government gets
into Black Republican hands. Then John Brown,
and a thousand John Browns, can invade us, and
the Government will not protect us. There will
be no army, no navy, sent out to resist such an in-
vasion ; but we will be left to the tender mercies of
our enemies. Has the South then no right to
complain? Has the South no right to entertain
apprehensions when wc are told that we arc not
to oe protected in our property when the Repub-
lican party shall get possession of the Govern-
ment? You even declare you will not defend the
sovereignty of the States. Have we then no
right to announce upon this floor that if we are
not to be protected in our property and sover-
eignty, wc are therefore released from our alle-
giance, and will protect ourselves out of the Union,
if we cannot protect them in the Union ? Have
we no right to allege that to secure our rights and
protect our honor wc will dissever the tics that
bind us together, even if it rushes us into a sea
of blood.
Mr. Seward says:
" Free labor has at last apprehended its rights, its inter-
ests, its powei, and its destiny, and is organizing itself to
assume the Government of the Republic."
* You tell us that there is a conflict between two
systems of labor, and that free labor is to take
possession of this Government. Can you tell us,
then, that, when you have possession of the Gov-
ernment, our rights and property will be pro-
tected? On the contrary, we are told that sla^e
States arc no longer to be tolerated, defended, or
respected.
You have also the meanness to announce that
you intend, 15*y the power of that Government,
to compel us to submit to your tyranny, despotism,
oppression, robberies, and wrongs. That is the
announcement you make to us. If you want this
Government, and want us to go out, say so, and
I will take you by the hand on that, [applause in
the galleries,] and when 1 have done that, I will
let you alone and you must let me alone. We
propose to let you enjoy all your rights in the
Union, and you must let us enjoy ours; in other
words, stand by the contract of our forefathers—
men a great deal better, perhaps, than those now
occupying seats on either side of this House.
Again, that Senator said:
" Free labor has at last apprehended its rights, its inter-
ests, its powers, and its destiny, and is organizing itself to
assume the Government of the Republic. It will henceforth
meet you boldly and resolutely here,"—
That is on the floor of the Senate—
"in the Territories or out of them, wherever you may go
to extend slavery. It has driven you back in California
and Kansas; it will invade you soon in Delaware, Mary-
land, Vnginia, Missouri, and Texas."
Ah! "it will invade you soon in Delaware and
Virginia." Has it not already been done? Has
it not invaded us with pike, with spear, with
rifles—yes,with Sharpe'srifles? Havenotyour
murderers already come within the limits of our
borders, as announced by the traitor, Seward,
that it would be done in a short time. At the
time of the speech Forbes was in Washington,
and he says he communicated to Seward the fact
that an invasion would be made. We have been
invaded; and that invasion, and the facts connect-
ed with it, show Mr. Seward to be a traitor,
and deserving of the gallows. [Applause in the
galleries.] Brown had organized his constitution
when that speech was made; Forbes was in the
city of Washington then, and had a conversation
with Seward in reference to the invasion. Sew-
ard denies that Forbes told him anything about
it; but he admits that he had a conversation with
Forbes, and that Forbes wanted money. Well,
what was that money wanted for? The Senator
confesses he had a conversation with Brown about
that time. Forbes says it was about the Virginia
invasion, and Seward announces in the Senate
that Maryland and Virginia would be invaded.
Are these facts not startling? and ought they
not to awaken an apprehension in the minds of
southern men? Is it not time that we were armed?
But, more than that, gentlemen, he goes on to
say:
" That invasion will be not merely harmless, but benefi-
cent, if you yield seasonably to iti just and moderated de-
mands."
That is exactly what John Brown said. He
said if we would allow him to take our niggers
off without making any fuss about it, he would
not kill anybody. [Laughter.] Brown said he did
not mean to kill anybody; Seward saysitisharm-
less and beneficent to us if we yield to their just
demands. But if we do not yield, what then?
Why, Brown said he would kill our people,
butcher our women and children. What does
Seward say ?
''Whether that consummation shall be allowed to take
effect with needful and wise precautions against sudden
change and disaster, or be hurried on by violence, is all that
remains for you [the people of the South] to decide."
That is the very language of John Brown.
Whether we will allow them to do it quietly or
not, is the only question for the South to decide.
Virginia has decided it, and has hung the traitor
Brown; and may, if she can get a chance, hang
the traitor Seward. [Laughter.] Wo have re-
peatedly refused to yield, and you have sought to
force us to yield by violence, and Virginia has
met it with violence, and has hung the man; and
Virginia has had twenty-five hundred men under
arms, and has defied all your efforts to rescue
him.
Mr. KILGORE. There was no disposition
upon the part of anybody at the North to do it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I judge men by
their acts, and not by their declarations, as I judge
you by this Helper book.
Mr KILGORE. I desire to call the attention
of the gentleman to the first author of this doctrine
of an "irrepressible conflict."
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I will not yield
for that purpose now.
Mr. KILGO RE. I merely want to read a short
extract, an editorial from a leading southern paper.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The gentleman
will allow me to say that I am after Seward, and
if the gentleman has any other "irrepressible con-
flict" man, he can bring him forward hereafter.
Seward is as much as 1 can manage at a time
Wc are arming, but not against the Government.
We are arming to put down rebellion against the
Government. We are for the Government. When
you presented Fremont as a sectional candidate-
for the Presidency, representing the system of
free labor in opposition to the system of slavelabor,
you undertook to seize the Government for your-
selves, in violation of the letter and spirit of th<?
Constitution. In doing that, you were guilty of
organizing rebellion against the Government, with
a view of diverting it to purposes not legitimately
its own. Against that rebellion we intend to act.
We mean to putit down, even if we have to do it
with the bayonet; and I call upon the South Ameri-
cans and the North Americans to come forward
and aid us in putting down rebellion. I call upon
the anti-Lecomptomtes to come forward and aid
us in putting down this rebellion. I call upon
men of all parties, of all names, from whatever
section of the country they come, to rally under
the standard of the Constitution, under the old
flag of our fathers, under the stars and stripes of
our country, to strike down a rebellion that has
grown up m our midst, and some of the fruits of
which we have already tasted. I do not say that
we mean to whip you out of the Union. We
mean to whip you m the Union. We mean to put
down your rebellion in our own midst, and in our
own way; and we mean to have the support of
the overwhelming majority of the patriotic men
of the North in striking off the hydra head of the
rebel. That is what we intend.
Do not call us disunionists at all; that is not
our policy. I know what you are after; you are
a money-loving people. [Laughter.] You think
we will go off and leave you in possession of this
fine house. [Loud laughter.] We do not mean
to do it. You think you will get the money in the
Treasury now. You think you will get the Navy
and the Army, with arms m their hands. You
arc mistaken. We are going to bring that Navy
to put down this rebellion against the Govern-
ment. Wc are going to bring that Army to put
it down. That is what we mean to do; and ws
will hang the last one of you. [Roars of laugh-
ter.] My friend from Tennessee [Mr. Nelson]
asks whether we are going "to oppose the inaug-
uration of a Black Republican Speaker of this
House. We are not going to do that if you keep
your hands off us; but we are going to crush you
out in this election and again in the Presidential
election of 1860; and you will come back again,
I apprehend, wholly ashamed of yourselves and
loyal 111 the discharge of your duties to the Gov-
ernment.
Now wc come to the Helper book; that sounds
very much like treason. Does it not recommend
insurrection against the Government? Certainly
it does. And yet you say we are very sensitive,
and that there is no cause of alarm. You may
regard yourselves men of straw; I do not think
you are. You fought very well in the Revolu-
tion. You fought very well in the Mexican war.
You did not fight very well in Canada, to be sure,
but then you wanted discipline and training. We
know you arc fighting men; but we think we are
equal to you in courage.
But now here comes tho Helper book. How
are you to get out of it? Do you disavow the
doctrines contained in it ? Some three of your men,
T believe, have disavowed it. But do you not
know that one of the rules of criminal law is, that
the culprit shall not be permitted to testify on his
behalf? If it was not so, the murderer might es-
cape the gallows. Have you denied the doctrines
contained in that book ? You have not. Then,
as you have not done so, I say you have indorsed
it and have indorsed the doctrines of Mr. Seward
ami have propagated them about the time that
this invasion of Virginia was in preparation.
A Member suggested something about taking
the testimony of members under oath in regard
to the Helper book.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Oh, I have so
often had occasion to put men on their oaths and
have heard them testify falsely so often that I do
not like to run the risk of inducing men to com-
mit perjury. I have, therefore, no disposition to
put you 011 your oaths.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Clerk,
occupying, as I do, a perfectly independent po-
sition, I am at liberty, free from any particular
party bias, to vote in the election of Speaker,
and on all questions which shall come before
the House when it shall have been duly organ-
ized, according to my sense of duty to the coun-
