70
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
try and to my constituents. Mr. Clerk, I am
surprised; X—one among several members of
this House who belong to the conservative con-
stituency of the North—to see this deeply agita-
ting question, the agitation of which has been so
constantly deprecated as inflaming the minds of
the people, and unsettling their judgments—I say
I am astonished to see it introduced here before
the House is organized, and introduced by gen-
tlemen representing slaveholding constituencies.
Sir, I am opposed to all unnecessary agitation on
the subject. I am willing to meet it only when
it is before us in the ordinary action of a legisla-
tive body. I would willingly never meet it at all.
But, gentlemen, when it is not a subject of legis-
lation ; when legislative action is not invoked upon
it here; before, as I have said, the House is organ-
ized, for the purpose of disorganizing the House
and preventing order, it is introduced to confuse
this question of the election of Speaker.
Mr. Clerk, there are many tests of the fidelity
of men to the Constitution of the United States.
I have the honor of occupying a seat upon this
floor with a gentleman for whom I have steadily
voted as a candidate for Speaker. I saw him in
one of the greatest crises that have ever occurred
in the political history of this country, at a time
when upon your action depended not only the
quiet of the particular district of country about
which we were legislating, but the peace of this
whole country. Under the action of the Congress
of the United States, the people of Kansas wore
allowed to determine for themselves whether they
should come into the Union as a slave or a free
State.
Sir, this wicked Administration countenanced
every act of violence, every act of fraud, and ev-
ery act of ruffianism upon the part of the people
of Kansas; and under that alliance, a constitution
was brought into this House which was not the
act of the people of Kansas. It was fraudulent
from beginning to end; one which would not
boar the test of investigation; and when this House
had raised a committee for the purpose of invest-
igation, the Speaker of this House—for whom I
entertain, personally, the most profound respect
as a gentleman—in my opinion, twisted parlia-
mentary law from the regular rule and appointed
a majority on the committee opposed to the very
purpose for which the House had raisad the com-
mittee, and by these means thwarted the object
of the investigation.
Hut. sir, we sathere fornionthsdobatingwhether
by action of the Federal authority we should force
that fraudulent constitution on the people of Kan-
sas. We knew that if wc did, we had good rea-
son to believe it would lead to civil war—a civil
war that would overtop the limits of Kansas and
embrace the whole nation.
Where .stood my honorable friend from Ohio?
With his back firmly set against the whole power
of this wicked Administration; standingup nobly
for the rights of the people against the Govern-
ment, ana in favor of law and order. There he
stood; and for his gallant conduct on that occa-
sion and in that struggle, he shall have my vote
as long as there is a possibility of electing him
Speaker of this House. [Applause from the Re-
publican benches.]
Sir, I do not mean to institute any invidious
comparisons; 'liut he is my present choice for
Speaker; and I say to my honorable friends, to
those who feel as I do, to those who look as I
do upon that question, I say that my honorable
friend from Ohio deserves the support of every
man who regards the rights of the people, and is
determined to maintain them against the Federal
power. ■
iVlr. Clerk, upon the organization of this House
depend great issues. I know my friend to be a
Sinn friend of the cause of protection. I know
lie will so organize the committees of the House,
if he is clected Speaker, not for the purpose of
mforcmg legislation, not for the purpose of giv-
ing it on unrlne bias, but he will so organize the
rommittees of the House as to give a fair consid-
i ration to that great question which is so essen-
tial to the interests of my constituents. I mean
she promotion of American industry by fair and
adequate protection. That is a consideration im-
portant in my mind, and for which, among others,
1 shall give my friend my suffrages.
But, sir, apart from that, I know him to be a
man who is incapable of perverting parliamentary
law into an instrument of partisan despotism. If
I knew him to be otherwise, or if I had the slight-
est doubt upon the subject, I would not give him
my vote at any time.
But, Mr. Clerk, we are told that Mr. Sherman
is one of those who signed the recommendation
in favor of Helper's book. Very well, sir; I did
not sign it, and I claim no particular credit for
not doing so. I have not read the book, and I
know nothing particular about it. So far as I do
know anything about it, I understand that it is
a book written by a native of a southern State; a
book peculiarly and almost exclusively addressed
to southern men, reciting the experiences of a
southern man, and drawing a comparison be-
tween the productiveness and the utility of free
and slave labor. The book, sir, must fall, or
stand upon its own merits. And what is done
here ? Why gentlemen magnify this book into
an awful engine of mischief. They proclaim
that this book, and all who indorse it, are capa-
ble of producing infinite mischief to the peace
of this country. They proclaim that all who
indorse it indorse treason. Has not my hon-
orable friend said that, in so far as that book
expresses anything contrary to the Constitution
of the United States, so far he condemns it. Could
any declaration be more unreserved, more candid,
more acceptable. Gentlemen are willing to be-
lieve in the veracity of their colleagues upon this
floor What have we to do with Mr. Helper's
book more than any other book? Are we to sit
here, as a collegc of Jesuit censors, to expurgate
the literature of the country ? Are we to convert
oursolves from a congressional and legislative
body into a literary tribunal, and pass in review
the merits of every incendiary publication which
may bo thrown out in the country, and hold gen-
tlemen responsible for the sentiments of that pub-
lication in so far as they have read and indorsed
it, directly or indirectly? Why, sir, this is a
most extraordinary proceeding. It lifts Mr. Hel-
per into a consequence he never dreamed of attain-
ing. It makes him an enemy of the South more
formidable than he ever aimed to be; if, indeed,
bo aims to be an enemy of the South at all. It
makes him an instrument of mischief far beyond
his capacity, and far beyond the imagination of
his most partial admirers. This book, so full
of mischief, which luis been occupying the atten-
tion of Congress now nearly for an entire week,
you have asked the whole people of the United
States to read and ponder upon. You have been
dwelling and dwelling upon its inflammatory text,
so that if it ever had any mischief ill it. you have
increased the power of that mischief to an incal-
culable extent.
And, sir, what lias been done upon this floor
is in perfect consonance with the action of the
Democratic party. Who repealed the Missouri
compromise? Who broke the bonds of peace
which had been signed thirty years before by the
wise men of the North and of the South? The
Democratic party. Who framed the Kansas-
Nebraska bill? "The Democratic party. Who
refused to carry out the provisions of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill? Who deluded the people of Kan-
sas into the idea that they were to nave a free
expression of their will on their organic form of
government and then denied it to them ? The Dem-
ocratic party. Who brings the question of sla-
very first into this Hall? The Democratic party.
Ana yet, sir, we who represent conservative con-
stituencies in the North are asked to sit quietly
by and listen to the announcement that the whole
North is implicated in acts of conspiracy and
treason against the people of the southern States.
Why, sir, arc gentlemai^ fair ? Is it honorable
dealing ? I humbly submit that it is not. Is the
whole North to be held responsible for the acts
of John Brown and for the sentiments of a few
radical and fanatical speakers here and there?
1 am no apologist for the North. The North
asks no apology. It is not in an apologetical
mood. It has nothing to apologize for. It is
loyal to the Constitution; it is loyal to the Union;
and they who seek to misguide and impress the
people of the South with the idea that the people
of the North, as a body, are hostile to them, do
it for the purpose of factious mischief, and which
will produce a wider-spread mischief than they
imagine. [Applause.]
Mr. Clerk, God forbid that I, as the Represent-
ative of a conservative constituency, should have
any part in embroiling different sections of the
country, or in misrepresenting one section of the
country to the other for mere political purposes
and partisan aims. It is impossible for the people
of the North and of the South to live together in
amity and concord so long as the actions of indi-
viduals, or the actions of small bodies, are taken
as indices of dominant sentiment in those sec-
tions. Sir, the constituency I in part represent
is an eminently loyal one. It has no sympathy
with John Brown or for those who incited him,
directly or indirectly, to his mad crusade in Vir-
ginia. The people of the city of Philadelphia,
where the Hall of Independence still remains,
cherish deeply the feelings and motives that led
our ancestors to the Declaration of Independence
and the Union which sprang- from it. They are
animated by the sacred associations of that Hall,
and they know that that union can exist only so
long as North and South and all sections respect
their respective, reserved rights. We of the North
insist that we are not to be a made particeps crim-
inis in these transactions. We insist that it is a
false and unwarranted charge. Yes, sir, it is a
libel, it is unjust, and it is a calumny to hold the
whole body of the northern people responsible
lor the acts of the leader of a band of madmen.
Was the whole South, Mr. Clerk, held respons-
ible when the Legislature of South Carolina passed
an ordinance deliberately nullifying the laws of
the United States? Did we identify the whole
South with the people of South Carolina, or with
the nullifying party in South Carolina, which was
in favor of armed resistance to the laws of the
United States ? No, sir; we heard from the loyal
States of North Carolina, Tennessee, and others,
indignant protestations against the South being
incriminated in the action of South Carolina.
Mr. SINGLETON." Let me ask the gentleman
a question?
Mr. MORRIS, ofPennsylvania, I cannot yield.
[Cries of" Goon!"] When the President of the
United States, a native of Tennessee, issued his
celebrated proclamation against the nullifying
resolutions of South Carolina, he met with a re-
sponse, not from the North alone, but from the
Last and West, and all the loyal men of the South.
And the secession recommendations of the Nash-
ville convention, of 1850, fell powerless upon the
hearts of the loyal people of the South. We never
believed that the whole people of the South were
ripe for these sectional schemes of aggrandize-
ment and separation of the. Union. Nor do I be-
lieve that any considerable portion of them now,
through the agency of sccret societies, can be
welded together to form a deliberate plan for the
establishment of a southern slaveholding confed-
eracy, and a dissolution of the Union for that
purpose. You might as well expect the people
of the North to identify the whole people of the
South with the reopening of the slave trade. You
might as well expect us to believe that everybody
there is in favor of the revival of that accursed
traffic, because certain leading public men and
presses advocate it. On the contrary, we know
that one, at least, of the members ot the present
Cabinot, and that some of the chief statesmen of
the South arc arrayed against it, and we know that
all truly humane and Christian men there abhor
this infamous scheme. We have no fears upon
that subject.
Tlien why, gentlemen of the South, why, when
we refuse to involve you m these general charges
and odious suspicions as an entire people, do you
persist in this war of crimination ana misrepre-
sentation against the North, when you cannot
really believe in your hearts that the whole peo-
ple of that part of the country entertain uncon-
stitutional designs against the South? No, sir;
for one, I am for the Union; I am for peace; I
am for law; and never until the last moment shall
I despair of making this glorious Union and the
Constitution dependent upon it perpetual. I hope,
we may be able to live together like a band of
brothers; but, sir, we never can, so long as gen-
tlemen come into this Hall and insist upon a
course of misrepresentation and upon involving
innocent people in the acts ®f a criminal few.
No, sir. In the name of the North, in the name,
at least, of my constituents—and I know I speak
for my colleague here and for the State of Penn-
sylvania and the city of Philadelphia—there ia
not a city or State that is more ready to resist ag-
gression in every shape and form in which it may
