1090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Maix-li 9,
matter now stands, it is to extend that compensa- j
tion back to the commencement of the last Con- ;
gress-; and not only that, but it is to authorize the :
present Doorkeeper to appoifit an additional num-
ber of messengers as well as pages.
Mr. SPINNER. No, sir. .
Mr. BURNETT. I so understand it. lhe
joint resolution of 1854 gave a larger compensa-
tion for a larger number of employes than was
"provided for by the resolutions of the last Con-
gress.
Mr. SPINNER. With the gentleman's per-
mission, I will state that the resolutions of the last
House increased the number ofijaessengers. The
number is sufficiently large, this resolution
will not authorize- the employment of any in ad-
dition.
Mr. BURNETT. This resolution is brought
here under the plea of paying these boys. Now,
if the gentleman wants merely to do that, let him
introduce a resolution simply providing for the
compensation of these eight pages.
Mr. SPINNER. The resolution is not only for
paying the boys, but for paying; the messengers,
Which is the principal object in introducing it.
Mr. BURNETT. Exactly. I thought the ob-
ject of the gentleman, as before stated, was to pay
the boys.
Mr. SPINNER. Not at all. I did not say
that was the principal object.
Mr. BURNETT. *1 have no desire to do the
gentleman from New York injustice. When the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Florence]
spoke of the integrity and rigidness of the chair-
man of the Committee of Accounts, he spoke
truly, so far as I know. But, sir, if that be the
gentleman's character—and I do not doubt it—he
ought to have stated in his resolution the num-
ber of persons embraced in it, and the amount
each is to receive. Let him bring forward his
resolution in that shape, and the House can then
act intelligently, and know exactly what they are
doing.
Mr. SPINNER. I can givo the gentleman the
information he asks for; but, in the first place, lot
me say he is mistaken when he says that this res-
olution extends back to the commencement of the
last Congress. Why, sir, the resolution of the
last House was not adopted until May, and, of
course, this cannot extend back beyond that time.
Up to that time thev received the compensation
allowed by law. But, sir, if this resolution be
adopted, the effect will be to pay the Doorkeeper
$160 for about eighteen months; to pay the super-
intendent of the folding-room $300; to nay the
Assistant Doorkeeper $100 80: to pay the mes-
senger in charge of the Hall $645; to pay five
messengers eaeh §405; and eight messengers $105
each; making an aggregate of not more than
$5,200.
Mr. BURNETT. Now, sir, the gentleman
from New York says, and I want this House to
remember it, that $5,200 will cover the whole
amount. In my opinion, the gentleman lias made
a mistake in his calculations. I will venture my
judgment, that §5,200 is not one half the amount
that will be covered under the authority of the
Committee of Accounts when they come to audit
the claims that will be presented, if you repeal
the resolution of the last Congress; which reso-
lution, m my opinion, provided a compensation j
sufficient for each one to whom it applied. You !
increase the pay of fourteen messengers at three
dollars per day; then of eleven messengers at $2 50
per day; in fact, sir, you increase the pay of the
Doorkeeper himself, and of every subordinate
under him—every one.
Mr. SPINNER. The gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. BURNETT. Here are the resolutions of
the last Congress:
"Resolved, That the compensation of the Doorkeeper of
the House of Representatives shall hereafter be $2,000 per
annum; and that he be, and lie i,-? hereby, authorized to
employ a superintendent of the folding-room, at a compen-
sation of $1,500 per annum ; and that he may employ, under
the direction of the Committee of Accounts of the House
of Representatives, such number of folders and laborers as
may be deemed necessary to perform tiie work; and also,
that he may employ, under the direction of the aforesaid
committee, two horses, during the session of Congre&s; and
that he may receive a suitable allowance for expenses in
sending messages and'dispatches by messengers andpages.
"And be it further resolved, That the Doorkeeper of "the
House of Representatives be, and he is heieby, authorized
to employ not exceeding fourteen messengers, at a compen-
sation of $3 per day each per annum; and not exceeding
eleven messengers, at a compensation of $3 each per day
during the session of Congress; and not exceeding four la-
borers, at a compensation of $1 50 each per day during the
year; and not exceeding twelve pages, between the ages
often and sixteen years, at a compensation of $2 per day
each during the session of Congress."
Now, Mr. Speaker, what was the object of this
House in passing these resolutions? It was that
we might know the number of these employes,
and that their pay might be fixed. We passed the
resolutions, and those men who accepted office
under it knew the compensation to which they
were entitled.
Mr. SPINNER. They knew they were entitled
to the rate of compensation provided by the law.
Mr. BURNETT. They were entitled to the
compensation fixed by the resolution, and they
have received every dollar of it. Many of them
have already left the city ofWashington,and ye',
lay this resolution, the gentleman from New York
proposes not only to increase the pay of those
who may be employed by the present session, but
to go back and give to men who were employed
at a rate of pay which they have received and
which they were satisfied with, additional com-
pensation. I believe he calls it extra compensation.
Now, sir, the gentleman tells us that these men
are entitled by law to the compensation provided
for in the joint resolution of 1854. If that be so,
I appeal to every gentleman of candor to know
why it is that this resolution is to be passed to
give them the rights they are already entitled to
under the law? Now, sir, I have been endeav-
oring, with others, ever since I have been here, to
cut down the number of employes around this
Capitol; and I submit to the House that, when
we have, by our order, limited that number, the
Doorkeeper has no right to go beyond that order;
and if these persons hold office by appointments
which he was not authorized to make, it is their
misfortune, and not our fault.
I can only regret it, when they appeal to us to
pass resolutions for the relief of these little boys
who run upon the floor of the House. I would
be willing to go as far as he who goes the furthest
towards relieving the wants of the boys who have
rendered service here; but, sir, when they under-
take to put a bill through for paying a boy, in that
appealing to our sympathy, I do not want thern
to include all the employes under the late Door-
keeper, and enable the present Doorkeeper to in-
crease the salaries of those whom lie may appoint
and the number of the pages upon this floor. For
one, I will not vote for it.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speak-
er, I do not think this is a question which ought to
occupy so much time. There are two resolutions;
and 1 presume that the question call be taken sep-
arately 011 each, that the latter one is not to drag
through the former one, unless it has merit. Let
any gentleman who dislikes one resolution call
for a division.
The first resolution, sir, does what? Rescinds
a resolution of this body, which showed its igno-
rance of law. There is a law, sir, which no reso-
lution of any House can repeal, and which it is
almost a reproach upon the intelligence of the
House that ihey should ever have attempted to
repeal it. That law fixes the compensation for
the employes of this body, as well as of those
of the other body; and by what authority does
this House undertake, by its own single resolu-
tion, to repeal a law of the land, not receiving the
joint action of the Legislature and of the Execu-
tive, and putting men out of what the law gives
them ? Why, sir, no lawyer would advocate such
a doctrine as that. That first resolution is not in
order to enable these gentlemen to get their Com-
pensation; but it is necessary to vindicate our own
intelligence, and to let the country see that wc do
not attempt to direct the Committee of Accounts
to go contrary to the law, and thereby to deprive
men of that which is honestly their due. You
might as well pass a resolution of this House, that
those who contracted to build the dome for this
Capitol should not be paid more than one half o 
that they contracted for; and, if hereafter the con-
tracting parties were to go on under the old law
and make contracts, say that that was valid. Who
would say that it was ? It is therefore a reproach
upon us, m my judgment, to say that those who
have acted by authority of this House, and by au-
thority of law, shall not receive the compensation
which that law gives them, and that we should
put ourselves up—one branch of this Legislature
—to cut them out of that which is their due.
It is due to us,then, sir, to repeal a nullity -for
the purpose of wiping it out, and preventing it
embarrassing the committee. I know that the
Committee of Accounts ought to pass them un-
der the law, not under this resolution, and I have
no doubt the administrative department would pay,,
it according to that law; but do not let us embar-
rass it
That is the first resolution. Let us take a vote
upon that. If gentlemen are afraid that the boys
will drag that through, let them take a separate
vote upon it, and let us see who will stand by a
resolution in opposition to the law.
The second resolution, sir, is in reference tec
these boys. I do not make any appeal in favor
of boys because they are boys. You have agents,
you have adult agents employed by this Govern-
ment, and they go on and employ minors: the sons
of widows, the sons of poor people, to do work.
These minors know not what the law is; they
are not bound to know what the law is. We ac-
cept their services, permit them to remain here
with our eyes upon them, looking upon them
every day, and yet when they are employed by
one of our agents, and we accept their services,
and they come to ask for their pay they are told,
"no; you should not have worked, for there was
no authority for you to do so." Why, sir, if 1
saw a man building a house upon my land, and he
tells me that he is building it for me, and I say
nothing, and ho goes on and finishes it, cannot I
be compelled under the law, as a quantum meruit,
to pay for it? I ought to have objected to it if I
did not want it. By consenting, in looking on and
seeing my agent employ these boys, I think, sir—
I do not mean any reflection upon any gentleman
—that I could never agree to vote against paying-
lads who have been here spending their time;
perhaps dressing themselves to appear decently, -
when their mothers at home were hardly able
to supply them with bread; to agree, when they
come up, to turn them out, and say there was no
authority for it. Not having troubled the House
much, and at the request of the chairman of the
Committee of Accounts, I call for the previous
question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I hope the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania will withdraw it, to allow
me to say a word or two.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I hope that it will not
be withdrawn, for I think that we already have
heard enough on this question.
Mr. RUFFIN. What becomes of the question
of order I raised ? I raised it at the beginning of
this matter.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides against
the point of order.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I withdraw
the demand for the previous question, in order to
letthe gentleman from Virginiamake his remarks,
provided he will renew the call when he has con-
cluded'what he has to say.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say to the
gentleman from North Carolina further, in refer-
ence to this point of order, that, as the question
has been entertained and discussed, it is now too
late to insist upon that point of order. The Chair
overrules the point of order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I de-
sire to state to the House, very briefly, what, per-
haps, is known to many of the members, if not to
all, that we have been trying, during several past
Congresses, to control and limit the number ot
employes of this House. We have passed a joint
resolution; we have, sir, reformed the past up to
that date. We have passed subsequent resolu-
tions, all of which were designed to restrain the
discretion which the officers of this House have
undertaken to exercise upon former occasions,
and to confine them to the specific compensation
allowed them, or in other words, to get rid of the
usual extra allowances made at the close of each
Congress; which extra allowances were generally
made under the exhilaration of an adjournment,
when everybody was m a good humor, and dis-
posed to be liberal to those who had been in at-
tendance upon this House. That has been tiie
object of much of the action of the three Con-
gresses that I have been here; and, sir, I ask
whether that object is not worthy of our adoption ?
I ask this House to decide whether the policy I
have referred to is not one of manifest propriety ?
Without undertaking to expand upon that sub-
