1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29|0
plain, unmistakable; and all these claimants ask,
is that you shall carry out the obligation which
you entered into with the Government of Great
Britain; and when you have given a title to these
occupants, who are mere trespassers at best, but
who remained there for the six years; when you
have taken it away from the legal owners, those
who had the paramount legal title to this land;
when you have done that, you are under some
obligations to refund to these- legal owners the
value of the title which you have taken from
them.
I think, therefore, sir, that inasmuch as this is
a clear case arising under a treaty, and is to carry
out the stipulations of a treaty, it may properly
be put upon an appropriation bill; and as these
claimants have been here for eighteen years, en-
deavoring to get justice at the hands of the Gov-
ernment, and have failed from year to year because
of the difficulties of getting a private bill through
the two Houses, I think they may, with propriety,
ask that their claim may be put upon an appro-
priation bill, that it may have the sanction and
force of such a measure to carry it through Con-
gress. The bill which passed here at the early
part of the session, and has gonf to the House of
Representatives, is in such a condition there, from
the rules and the management of business in that
House, that it will not be reached during the pres-
ent session, and these claimants will be still fur-
ther postponed in the obtainment of their just
rights. You cannot rely even on the strongest
claims to carry a bill through the two Houses in
Congress in the shape of a private bill. This bill
has passed, as I understand, both Houses of Con-
gress. It has passed the Senate at least two or
three times, if I mistake not; twice, I know; and
yet it has failed in the House of Representatives,
not because of the want of merit, but because of
the difficulty of reaching it in that House and act-
ing upon it. It ought to go upon this appropria-
tion bill, in my humble judgment, because it is
high time that Government should do justice to
these parties, and pay them for the title it has
taken from them under the operation of this treaty.
I did not report the bill from the Committee on
Claims. It was reported by the Senator from
Rhode Island from that committee, and he asked
my assent to offer it as an amendment to this bill,
and I gave him my assent, from the firm convic-
tion that the claim is a just one, and ought to be
paid: and the sooner it is paid, the sooner the
Government will discharge a high and solemn
obligation which it owes to its citizens.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question is, Shall this amend-
ment be received in order under the 30th rule of
the Senate ?
Mr. BRAGG called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 22, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Anthony, Bingham, Camei on, Chandler,
Clark, Doolittle, Dmkee, Fe&sendeiu Foot, Foster, Grimes,
Hamlin, Ilailan. Hemphill, I vcr^on, Kiu;;, Simmons, Sum-
ner, Ten Eyek. TiumbulU Wade, and Wilson—*22.
NAYS—Messrs. Bavarcf, Bia ;<r, Cnjjht, Chngrnan, Davis,
Fitch, Fitzpauick, Gieen, Gwin, Hunter, Johnson ut Ark-
ansas. Johii.-on of Tennessee, Kennedy, Law"', Latham,
Mason, Nicholson,I'olk, Powell. Push, Saulsbury, yiideil,
Thomson, Toombs, Wiglall, and Yulee—26.
So the Senate refused to receive the amend-
ment,
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time, and passed.
POST OFFICE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr, HUNTER- I now call up the Post Office
deficiency hill, which is sent here with an amend-
ment by the House. I think we had better settle
that, and then I shall ask the Senate to take up
the general Post Office appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is upon the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the Senate amendments to the bill
(H. R. No. 503) making further appropriations
for tiie service of the Post Office Department
during the fiscal year ending June 30, 18G0.
Mr. YULEE. I rise for the purpose of mov-
ing that we adjourn with this bill pending. It is
suggested to me that the Senate is n.o'v full; and
as there has been much interest manifested upon
both sides of the Chamber in the question in*
volved m this bill, and inasmuch as we have had
a very heavy week, and I myself feel very much
exhausted, I think we had better adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. If my friend will give way,
rather than do that, I should like to report the
general Post Office bill for the next year, and see
if we cannot act on that, because to-morrow, at
twelve o'clock, 1 am under pledge to call up the
tariff bill; and I shall do so, if the Senate will sus-
tain me.
Mr. YULEE. I have no objection to the Sen-
ator's reporting the regular Post Office appropri-
ation bill, but I suggest thatwe had better adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to gentlemen
that, from indications in the House, our session
may come to a close on Monday, and thatwe
had better be pretty fast about disposing of the
appropriation bills.
BILL BECOME A LA"W.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Btjchanan, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had this day approved
andsignedanact (S. No. 168) to amend " An act to
define and regulate the jurisdiction of the district
courts of the United States in California in regard
to the survey and location of private land claims."
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had concurred in some and disagreed to
other amendments of the Senate to the bill of the
House (No. 215) making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with various Indian tribes, for the year ending the
30th of June, 1860; and had concurred in other
amendments of the Senate to the said bill, with
amendments; in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 215) making appro-
priations for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes, for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1861, disagieed to
by the House of Representatives, and the amend-
ments of the House to other amendments of the
Senate to the said bill; and
On motion of Mr. I-IUNTER, it was
Resolved, That the Senate upon it? amendments
to the said bill, disagreed to by the House of Itepiesenta-
tivc*, disagree to the amendments of the Ilou>e to other
amendments of the Senate, and a^lt a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Vice Presi-
dent was authorized to1 appoint the committee of
conference on the part of the Senate; and Mr.
Peaiice, Mr. Sebastian, and Mr. "Wilson, weyb
appointed.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL
Mr. HUNTER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to report back the bill (H. R. No.
564) making appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department during the fiscal year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1861, without amendment;
and 1 ask, by general consent, that it be now con-
sidered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. No objection
being made, the Post Office deficiency bill will be
laid aside for the time being, and the bill just re-
ported will be considered. The bill (II. R. No.
564) is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask that the bill be read, as
it has been lately printed, and the Senate may
not have seen it.
The Secretary read the bill,
Mr. BAYARD. I wish to move one amend-
ment to the bill. It is to strike out the proviso at
the commencement of the fourteenth line, in these
words: %/ \
Pruiided Jiowevcr, That the maximum compensation Ift
be paid to route agenN shall not exceed $800 per year. \
This involves a yery small saving to the Gov-
ernment aud, in my judgment, is an act of grent
injustice to a very ii|-paid^ajass of persons. The
efVeet of it is to reduce the Compensation of about
forty-five route agents from one thousand to eight
hundred dollars,, of about fifty-four from mnehun-
i dred to'eight hundred dollars, and the others it
[ does not touch, amounting to three hundred and
j fifty more. It is only where the service is most
I important, and is now badly paid, that this pro-
viso makes a reduction which, upon the whole,
will amount to about fourteen thousand dollars a
year in round numbers. The service that is ren-
dered requires from these agents on the largest
routes, wherethemail is most troublesometo'han-
dle, and there are the greatest number of officers
to supply, men certainly of integrity, of character,
and men of capacity, to conduct the business in an
orderly manner. Itinvolves, beyond all question,
the hazard of life in the course of a year to a very
material extent; because, taking the year through,
the life of a man who is traveling on your rail-
roads day by day is put in hazard. The serviee
is dangerous. Under our rules, if one of these
officers were killed, his widow or children would
not be entitled to any pension. They have been
frequently injured under such circumstances.
The compensation is less than you pay to a tide-
waiter for lounging on the wharves of a large city;
and yet it is sought to reduce that compensation,
without reference at all to the class of service, by t
an arbitrary disposition on the part of the House
that only cuts off $14,000 of the annual expenses
of the Government. 1 think the provision unwise
in itself; unjust to a class of men who ought to be
paid more instead of less than the sum mentioned
m the limitation in the bill, in many instances.
I have seen a good deal of this service, and I
am satisfied that it is more underpaid than the
service of almost any officers requiring ecpjal ca-
pacity and equal character that you have m your
employment—far less than those engaged in your
customs. There is no comparison between the
capacity required and the extent of service per-
formed, the deprivation of the enjoyments of
home, and a thousand things of that kind, and
the shortening of life arising from constant and
incessant fatigue. There is no comparison be-
tween the service of these agents ana the whole
class of what are called inspectors of customs,
especially in the large cities. Some of them now
and then have some labor, but the mass of them
are often entirely unoccupied. They are paid
$1,100 a year; and now it is sought to cut these
route agents down to §800. Thinking the pro-
vision is a petty economy which works gross in-
justice to a class of men who are now underpaid, I
ask the Senate to do justice to them by striking out
the limitation.
Mr. GWIN. There are some provisions in
this bill to which I am very much opposed. The
reduction of the pay of the agents, I think, is en-
tirely wrong. The fact is, that the manner in
which the House have rcduced the compensation
of the agents on the Pacific coast will render it, in
my judgment, utterly impossible to have the of-
fices filled at all. There are*other provisions in
the bill which, it seems to me, ought not to be in an
appropriation bill for the Post Office Department.
It has entirely destroyed any prospect of carrying
the mails by ocean servicc, if we are driven to
that necessity. But it is so very necessary that
we should have an appropriation for the Post Of-
fice Department during the next year, that I am
prepared, notwithstanding the objections I have
to the bill—and I hope the Senate will concur
with me—to pass it without amendmentasitcame
from the House of Representatives. There arev'
many objectionable features in the bill; but we
ought to get clear of the difficulty in which we
were plunged last year by the loss of the Post
Office appropriation bill, which involved the Gov-
ernment in difficulty, and will probably involve
it in heavy damages hereafter. We ought to pass
this bill, and then,onthe deficiency bill, on wnich
we have had a difference, or on the post route
bill, or on some other bill that will .come up, let
us make such amendments, even to the bill that
we pass now, as, m the judgment of the Senate,
ought to be made to this bill.
I hope, thercfoie, the Senate will pass this bill
just as it came from the House. I shall vote for
it m that form, although there are provisions of
the bill to which I am utterly opposed, I think
we ought to put the Post Office Department in
such a position that it can go on the next year,
and not jeopardize the appropriations.
Mr. KENNEDY. I quite concur in the amend-
ment proposed by the honorable Senator from
Delaware. 1 think the reduction is extremely
unfair and unwise, it embraces a class of men
who have a vast amount of responsibility thrown
upon them, who are but very badly paid, and a
respectable class of whom 1 feel perfectly sure
