1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
n
be made agiinst the people of any portion of the
Union. No State is raore patriotic in its tone of
sentiment, more conservative in its feeling and
action in the great crisis when the policy of the
Government is to be determined for the period of
a new Administration. We are for the Union and
Constitution in their full supremacy, and against
all who would impair the existence of the one, or
obstruct the operation of the other.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. The speeches made
yesterday represented so fully, as I believe they
did, the sentiments of those i represent, and the
sentiments of the great body of the people of the
South, so far as 1 know that sentiment, that I
did not feel called upon to prolong this discussion;
but, sir, some remarks have been made to-day
which seem to me to demand some reply.
The gentleman who has just taken his seat says
it is unfair for the people of the South to charge
upon the whole North complicity and sympathy
for John Brown and his accomplices. I have
heard no such chargc made, and I should be sorry
to hear it made, I know there are men in the
North and men upon this floor who arc as true to
the Constitution as we of the South. I know
there are men here representing northern constit-
uencies who arc as far from encouraging any
attack upon the South, as the men of old who stood
shoulder to shoulder with our fathers upon many
a glorious battle field. "VVe make no such indis-
criminate charge upon the people of the North,
but when gentlemen disclaim for the whole North
any sympathy for John Brown, I say they tell us
what is a libel. The papers of the North advise
us that in almost every town and city at the North
were demonstrations of sympathy made, and news-
papers came to us draped in mourning1 on account
of Brown's death. The editor of the leading organ
of your party, Mr. Greeley, eulogized him, and
said that m after time his name will be handed
down as a glorious martyr; and yet, gentleman,
you get up and inform us that there is no sympa-
thy at the North for Brown and his accomplices.
You cannot deceive us thus, for your actions
speak louder than words.
I know that the Republican party is composed
of men of various shades of opinion. We know
it embraces within itself men known as Aboli-
tionists of tho most ultra dye, as well as men less
ultra and less hostile to the South; but they all
agree m hostility to the institution oi the South.
I Know full well that there are differences of opin-
ion among themselves; but upon one thing they
all agree, and that is to engage in this crusade
which has been urged upon the South for the last
twenty years. When gentlemen get up here and
tell us of the conservative people of the North, in
order to quiet the apprehensions of the South, wc
point them to the fact that from all the New Eng-
land States there is not a single Representative
upon this floor who is not a member of the Repub-
lican party—wc point them to the fact that over
one hundred and thirteen members of this Con-
gress belong to that political organization. Does
that indicate any degree of conservatism5 Does
that indicate, in any degree, a disposition to let
alone the institutions of the South?
What are the objccts and aims of that organi-
zation? I care not for the assurances which these
gentlemen make, that they intend no direct as-
sault on the institution of slavery in the 'South.
What 'arr? all such declarations worth? The
whole course of the Free-Soilors of the North, of
every grade of opinion, since they first com-
menced the crusade on the South, has been to
continue that crusade till slavery shall be abol-
ished. That, is the doctrine of the great body of
them.
But, Mr. Clerk, the principal object that I had
in rising, was to allude, ns I shall, in terms of
kindness and respect, to what was said yesterday
with regard to certain gentlemen of the South,
who are classed as fire-eaters or disunionists. I
do not profess to belong, to the class of disunion-
ists, if there be such a class m the South, who
desire disunion, of itself. I come from a State
which is, and has at all times been, loyal to the
Constitution, but which will be as ready to tako
giound for a disruption of this Union,in case the
rights guarantied to us under the Constitution !
are infringed, as any State in the Union. If con-
curring and fully sympathizing with her in this
sentiment makes me a disunionist, then I am
one. But I deny emphatically for myself, and
for those whom I represent, and, as I believe, for
the State which I m part represent, that they
desire to see this Union dissolved. I regretted
to hear the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Nel-
son] undertake yesterday to hold up, as I thought,
to rebuke, a spirit of ultraism which, he said,
was manifesting itself on this floor, as well from
the South as from the North. He seemed to
think that he did southern men full justice here
when he characterized them as belonging to the
same class as those men at the North who have
waged war upon the institutions of the South, and
pronounced the most odious sentiments against
this Government. He seemed to think that he
did full credit to such men as he named, among
whom, from my own State, was the gallant Mr.
Yancey, and that most devoted champion of the
South who now sleeps in his grave, [Mr. Cal-
houn,] when he classified them, and all southern
men who have signified a willingness, under any
circumstances, to dissolve the Union, with Bur-
lingame and Greeley and other extremists of the
North.
Now, Mr. Clerk, I think it comes unkindly
from any Representative of the South to class
with such Abolitionists men who, like Mr. Cal-
houn, abandoned chances of promotion to the
highest honors of the Republic, and devoted them-
selves, with unparalleled zeal and heroism, to the
defense of the minority section of the Union. The
best of Mr. Calhoun's days, and the closing la-
bors of his life, were devoted, not to disunion, as
the gentleman indicated yesterday, but to the de-
fense of the constitutional rights of the South, and
in endeavoring to turn back that tide of fanaticism
which he said and believed, and which all of us
now believe, was destined to end in a dissolution
of the Union. It seems to me, Mr. Clerk, with
all respect for the gentleman from Tennessee, that
there was a time more fitting for such declarations
than this. Theie was a time, years ago, when
we of the South could stand up and rejoice to
speak in favor of the Union, and sing its praises;
to declaim upon them, and .speak—as the gentle-
man from Tennessee spoke so eloquently yester-
day—of this great and glorious country. It seems
to me the times are somewhat changed, it seems
to me that at this time, when the institution of
slavery is so fiercely threatened; when there is a
powerful parly organized for its overthrow, it is
at least out of place for southern men to make
these appeals on behalf of the Union. *It is for
the North now to determine whether it shall be
preserved. Sir, if the gentleman would make his
appeal to those who arc disturbing tho Union; if
he would make his appeal to those who are en-
gaged in schemes to bring about disunion by de-
stroying the Constitution, then it would be well;
then I would join with him. There is no man
who would make more personal sacrifices to pre-
serve it than I would, under the Constitution.
But if any sacrifices are to be made of the least
constitutional right of the South, I, for one, am
not piepared to make any, let the consequences
be disunion or what they will.
Though I am not a disunionist, yet if cherish-
ing thnt sentiment causes me to be regarded a
disunionist, let it be so. I take the responsibility
at home and elsewhere; and I here say that I do
not concur with the declaration made yesterday
by the gentleman from Tennessee, that the elec-
tion of a Black Republican to the Presidency
was not cause for a dissolution of the Union.
Whenever a President is elected by a fanatical
majority at the North, those whom I represent,
as I believe, and the gallant State which I m
part represent, are ready, let the consequences
be what they may, to fall back on their r"served
rights and say: "As to this Union, we hove no
longer any lot or part in it." We say this in no
spirit of menace—to influence no State or indi-
vidual in their political action; but we see that
the spirit of abolition fanaticism at the North
has grown so strong there that we believe it can-
not be arrested. Many of those who now claim
to he conservative will find themselves unable to
control and direct the storm of fanaticism which
they have helped to raisn, and will be driven
into retirement, as Daniel Webster was, when
the doors of Faneuil Hall were shut in his face,
and he was refused an audience because he sanc-
tioned the fugitive slave* bill. We of the South i
have grown tired of this strife; if it is to know ;
no end but a dissolution of the Union, then, as ;
1 much as we may regret it, we say, let it come-;
better that it should be settled in our day and
generation than in those of our children.
Sir, the grounds which we assume in regard to
the election of a Black Republican President, and
the reasons why we would then favor a dissolu-
tion of the Union, are, that such an election would
be regarded as a declaration of war upon our
rights. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] said that he was not in favor of any direct
interference by free-State men with the institution
of .slavery. And others of the Black Republicans
repeat the same thing. What though no direct
assault be meditated against the institution of
slavery when once this Republican party gets the
control of this Government? Shall tne South
listen to the syren songs of those who cry "Peace*
peace, we aim no blow at your institutions?"
What are such disclaimers worth? Has not all
experience shown, that wherever power is lodged
with no other limit than the mere discretion of its
possessor, it will end in absolute despotism?
Hatred for slavery and the slaveholder has called
this party into being. Lust of power and domi-
nation has added to its strength and may result
in its triumph. But the day that witnesses its
triumph, will witness the overthrow of this—once
the noblest and freest form of government ever
devised by man. Think you, sir, that when this
sectional party gets the control, if it ever shall, of
the various departments of this Government, that
the Union,which the wisdom ofourfathersframed,
would still survive ? The form might remain, the
name might still be preserved, but the spirit would
have departed forever. No troops of armed men;
no. secession of sovereign and independent States;
no bloody revolution may have caused the knell
of the Union to be sounded. Base, bad men, by
their unhallowed party associations, will have
accomplished at the polls this mighty overthrow.
A sectional party will have, through the forms of
the Constitution, usurped the power and control
of the Government. Fanaticism will have tri-
umphed over patriotism—treason over the Con-
stitution. Even now you seem flushed with the
hope and confidence of securing so great a prize.
It seems to be almost within your grasp, but I
trust, like the Dead sea fruit, it may turn to ashes
on your lips. You ask, will not the South sub-
mit to your rule—your domination ? God forbid
that such a thought should even for a single mo-
ment come into the mind of a southern freeman 1
For a conquered race, the world might have
some respect, provided they had sternly and hero-
ically resisted their sad fate; but forapeople who
would tamely submit to the loss of their equality
and their liberty, without a struggle to free them-
selves from the shackles which their tyrants would
impose upon them; a people, I say, so lost to all
manly sentiments would deserve, as they would
receive, the scorn and contempt of their own and
of all future generations. A brave and illustrious
ancestry, if such they had, would onlymake,by
contrast with this example, the shame and humil-
iation of their posterity the greater. The south-
ern people know, that to give up the right of
unlimited taxation, even to States and to people
the most friendly, would be to surrender the dear-
est and most sacred right of freemen. They know
from the past how the South would be oppressed
and impoverished for the benefit of the North.
They know that even if slavery was not inter-
fered with, other interests of the South, as vital as
those connected with that institution, would be
invaded. And, sir, even if a sense of self-interest
did not impel the South to resist, a sense of pride,
a love of independence and devotion to liberty and
equality, would forever forbid the South to sub-
mit to any such usurpation.
Your attempt to quiet our apprehensions by
promises of forbearance and moderation after you
have acquired the control of the Government, only
excites a smile of contempt. The history of the
Black Republican party shows that no reliance
can be placed upon its forbearance, its justice, or
its magnammity. Not contcnC with the equal
privileges, equal benefits, and equal burdens of a
common Government, it has endeavored to rob
the South of all her share of the common Terri-
tories, to build up the manufactures of the North
by imposing excessive burdens and high protect-
ive tariffs on the South. If this has been so in
the past, what may we not expect in the future,
should the whole powers of the Government fall
