2036
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
when you could not get all." There is no other
answer than that it is a political movement.
I had thought, when this bill came back from
the Committee on Public Lands^tliat it came back
to be acted upon in a spirit of frankness and re-
gard, not only for the public interest, for that of
the Treasury, and of the people of the United
States, but for the people of the new States. I
thought the bill had been brought back here free
from any effort to be political in its character, or
to have any political effect, but was frankly a mat-
ter of legislation to attain the highest good of all,
and not a political movement in any way. The
bill will have lost that character the very moment
this movement is successful.
The amendment which the Senator from Minne-
sota [Mr. Rice] introduced yesterday, and which
was then adopted, he found, upon a full expla-
nation and discussion of it, was defective to such
a degree that he himself this morning proposes to
limit it to the lands that have not been offered for
public sale,-and which lay within the limits of the
State. He then agreed to make that restriction,
which I considered materially improved the char-
acter of his proposition as it was adopted yester-
day. I did not think so because of any desire to
discriminate in favor of the people of the Territo-
ries, for in my opinion the people of the Territo-
ries have a still higher right to this relief, in point
of principle, than the people within the limits of
u State. The Senator from Illinois urged this
view, and then the Senator from Minnesota agreed
to offer an amendment to that provision which
was adopted yesterday, on his motion, and the
amendment he now oilers proposes to extend the
homestead part of this bill to all surveyed and un-
offered lands, not only in the States, but in the
Territories also; and that brings seventy million
acres of unoffored land at once under the provis-
ions of the homestead part of this bill. The set-
tlers in some instances have hern in possession
of those lands for ten years, until towns, nnd
counties, and States, have grown up, without the
occupants having any legal title to the land from
the Government'of the United States. This bill
allows them two years withm which to pay the
pitiful dollar and* a quarter an acre, winch the
presentlaws require them to pay. Now, however,
it is proposed by thia amendment that the seventy
million acres now ready to be brought, into mar-
ket shall not come into market, but, that they shall
be permitted to be settled upon without our re-
ceiving a cent for years. By this provision, any
one now occupying a portion" of that land can say:
"I declare my intention to live on this particular
piece of land, and i claim to enter under what is
railed the homestead net; I claim to live there live
yeais longer, und (hen to take it for twenty-five
cents an u<tc.s> That is the effect of it. It is scan-
dalous, and it must be a reproach in the mouths
of those who are cut off from the benefits of this
bill, and must forever stand as a reproach against
those who represent tho«e States here, and who
demand such an excess of favor at the hands of
the national Congress. It is unjust; it is unfaith-
ful to the public interest; and I beg leave here to
arrest the turmoil of the little minuti«e of the ques-
tion, and to look at the whole operation of the
subject-matter.
"1'he declamation or declarations of the Senator
from Minnesota, who last addressed thiy body,
[Mr. Wii.kivsox,] certainly have no force with
me, taking that view of the question, and I do not
think can have with any of us. The true point
which we have to consider is, what can we get3
Is it wise to refuse to your people that species of
protection which this bill gives them, and that
relief winch it undoubtedly grains, and refuse to
the public Treasury that guarantee which it gives
that it wiil add to the u-venue. And shall all this
be done simply because you cannot procure a
sacrifice of seventy million acres of land now
surveyed and paid "for by f he people of the United
States? The Government has purchased that land,
surveyed it, incurred expense for it; and now you
refuse to take those benefits which you can ob-
tain, because you cannot get us to sacrifice the
whole seventy million acres. The result of this
amendment would be to keep that land out of
market, in defiance of one of the express provis-
ions of this bill, which declares that all public
lands shall hereafter be brought into market with in
two years after they are surveyed. You sacrifice
that provision, and say that five years'more credit
shall be given to those who have settled on lands
not surveyed and not offered for sale. Those
lands would necessarily otherwise bring a dollar
and a quarter into your Treasury, and now you
say that at the lapse of five years they shall bring
no more than twenty-five cents. That is the ef-
fect of it. It is a radical alteration of this bill. It
brings the bill back to the position in which the
measure came from the House of Representatives,
where I think they did not take careful pains to
examine into it and determine what should be such
a bill as we ought to pass, and forced it through
without one word of discussion.
I cannot but believe that if we act wisely we
must see whether or not this bill is as good as we
can get, and we certainly ought to halt before we
destroy the whole measure; and if we do not halt,
there must be some search hereafter by those peo-
ple themselves to see whether those here, who
nave lauded their devotion to their interests, have
been the persons who have faithfully discharged
that duty which they have so ardently assumed.
Let that be examined into, and 1 think it will be
found that they who most loudly proclaim them-
selves the friends of those people will have sac-
rificed them in all the interests that are now capa-
ble of being secured to them.
The amendment suggested by the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Douglas] takes a still wider scope.
It will go back and take hold of an additional
land empire of one thousand and twenty million
acres which are unsurveyed, including the whole
of the vacant public domain west of the Missis-
sippi,and embracing the political subdivisions of
Minnesota, California, Oregon, Washington,
Kansas, and Nebraska, and the proposed new
Territories of Dacotah, Chippewa, New Mexico,
Idaho, Arizona, Nevada, and, eventually, the In-
dian territory.
Instead of this land empire being a gradual out-
let and receptacle for our increasing population,
under a law of gradual progress which human
legislation cannot control, that amendment will
stimulate immigration unnaturally, by holding
out incentives for a rush and scattering of popu-
lation over an immense surface, followed by a
recoil, and all its disastrous consequences. An
immigration, forced onunder such circumstances-,
will disarrange the pi ogress of the public surveys,
which heretofore has always been accommodated
to the existing actual necessities of settlers, and
will likewise, for the same reason, enormously
increase governmental expenses for the protec-
tion of far-off pioneers, if, indeed, the Govern-
ment, with any reasonable means, can render
such protection; and the titles to such settlers wiil
never be perfected in any one generation.
It must be obvious that no sales of any consid-
erable extent of the public lands will be effected,
when all lands are offered for what really is a
merely nominal consideration, not more than suffi-
cient to pay expenses; and they will entirely
cease to be a source of revenue.
To make the. bill operative with this great ex-
tension, the appropriations for public surveys
must go on at a heavy cost, heavier than hereto-
fore, and without any reimbursement; making
the public domain a heavy tax on the Treasury
to keep up the new system.
What is the responsibility incurred by the Gov-
ernment, when, by this policy, down goes the
value of the railroad grants (twenty-five million
acres) upon which the States have contracted
debts; and what assistance will the public lands
then be to the construction of the Pacific rail-
road ?
Then it will do away with all the restraints im-
posed by existing laws upon settlers, by opening
the way to land depredations in merely filing
declarations, doing nothing, selling out, leaving
the cream of the public lands in the hands of spec-
ulators; such results, attainable through the de-
moralizing instrumentality of fraud and perjury—
evils impossible to arrest or even check under the
working of the system.
I say this now m regard to the amendment sug-
gested by the Senator fiom Illinois. Now, I trust
we may get a vote on the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Minnesota.
Mr. W1GFALL. In reference to the mat-
ter now undei consideration, there were some
remaiks made by me yesterday; and in reply to
those remarks, the Senator from Minnesota [Mr.
Wilkikson] made some observations which I did
not hear at the time; and it has occurred to me,
as they have just been put i|ito my hands by a
friend, that this would be as proper a time as any
to reply to them.
The Senator from Minnesota has taken occa-
sion to revamp, for about the fortieth time, a jest-
ing remark that I made here one day in reply to
the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittexden,]
who rose and said that the nation had two or three
times decided upon a question of internal im-
provements, and that we ought to yield our opin-
ions. I differed from him; and in explaining that
difference, I stated the form of government under
which we were living, and the balance of power
between the two different Houses and the Presi-
dent, and attempted to show, in my feeble way,
that we were bound to subject all legislation ^Jiat
was proposed to all these several tests; and that,
if it could not pass through the ordeal, the pre-
sumption, according to the wisdom of those who
had organized our Government, was against it.
During my reply to the Senator from Kentucky, I
jestingly remarked that, if the opinion of the
American people was to be taken as conclusive
onaquestion of this sort," the groat expounder,"
Mr. Webster, would have to be ignored, because
he and the American people happened to differ on
every single question that had ever been advocated
or discussed or decided upon, from the time that
he came into public life down to the day of hia
death. This was the full scope of what 1 said.
But as a jesting remark has been made a serious
one, and as it has been discussed time and again,
and been misrepresented, and capital has been
attempted to be made out of it, I say now, that
Mr. Webster was not an expoundef of the Con-
stitution, and that he did not understand it; but
I do not say,as the Senator from Minnesota rep-
resented me as saying, that he was an ignorant
man. He has chosen to put words into my mouth
that I never used.
Mr. WILKINSON. If the Senator will per-
mit me, I understood the Senator's remarks to be,
that Daniel Webster knew less about the Con-
stitution than any other man that ever lived m
this country. I suppose he meant any leading
man. That is what I understood, at the time, his
remark to be.
Mr. WIGFALL. You may take it in the widest
latitude, and broadest margin, and say it a^ain.
Though I do not believe 1 said it then, I will stand
it now. But, to the words which are reported
now. I do not know whether the Senator from
Minnesota, like myself, does not correct the re-
ports; and not being a candidatefor the Presiden-
cy, probably he is not particular what is published
as to his sayings and doings here. I do notknow
whether he rereads these things, but the way he
is reported is 
Mr. WILKINSON. If the Senator will permit
me one moment, it has just been suggested to mo
by a Senator that the words, as uttered by .'he
Senator on the occasion to which I alluded yester-
day, were that " if there was any subject on which
Mr.Webster was profoundly ignorant, it wasupon
the subject of the Constitution of the United
States."
Mr. WIGFALL. I will adopt and indorse that
too, [laughter;] and now putitm any other form,
and 1 will stand it still, [laughter;] but 1 say, 1 did
not say this, and this is the only thing that I will
repudiate—I read the Senator's lunuu ks of yester-
day:
"He who has the wisdom to discover th^fact that Dan-
iel Webster was the most ignorant man in the United Htates,
and lias the modesty to expics^ it here in the Senate, cer-
tainly ought to be sound on all great question-, of constitu-
tional law."
That is the only thing that the Senator from
Minnesota can say that I did say, that i will not
indorse and adopt. I never did say, and never
will say, that Mr. Webster was ignorant. He
was a man differing from many who sit on the
other side of the House. There are many there
who differed from him, and I trust that their own
good sense and judgment will excuse me from
making the discriminations. There are some men
there yet, of patriotism, of ability, and of brains;
but there are some to whom Daniel Wehsrer was
as Hyperion to a Satyr. They are the debris of
the old Whig party; they have not come up, they
have not risen after the fermentation, for they were
never in the barrel at first; they were never the
scuff or the scum; they have been thrown in.
That is the character of many.
