2980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
would not perform the service at this rate. I con-
cur entirely with the honorable Senator from Del-
aware, ana I hope his amendment will prevail.
Mt. BAYARD. One word on this idea of the
necessity of passing the bill without amendment.
I differ from the House of Representatives^ many
of their opinions, and I am unwilling to suppose
that there is any hazard of sending a bill back to
them with an amendment. I dislike the policy.
X am never aftaid of sending a bill back to them
with an amendment that! think ought to be made.
1 think this, ought to be made in justice. I am
perfectly aware that the vote in the House of
Representatives was in a very thin House indeed;
and I cannot believe that, on the matter being
brought before-tlicm, they will commit a very
great act of injustice to so desirable a class of
public officers as this proviso involves.
Mr. B1GLER. I concur most heartily in what
has been said by the Senator from Delaware and
..the Senator from Maryland. 1 think this very
small business, indeed. These men are not only
meritorious, their occupation is not only labori-
ous, but the wear and tear of clothes, the hazard
of life, and all the peculiar surroundings, make
the present compensation very low; and I am sat-
isfied that it would be wrong to pass the bill in
its present shape in this respect. It w#uld do an
injury to an indispensable public service—one in
which we all feel deeply interested. 1 am glad
that the amendment has been offered; and 1 in-
tended to offer it myself if no one else had pre-
sented it. As for interfering with this bill, I can-
not imagine for one moment that an amendment
like this, to winch, with no propriety, any other
proposition can be attachcu, could interpose a
moment's delay in the House of Representatives.
I am confident it will not. 1 think that the Sen-
ator from Virginia will discover that the House
of Representatives will be very glad to concur in
this amendment. 1 have had more applications
from not only the men themselves, but from the
traveling community, who observe the diligence,
labor, and hazard of these men, than I have had
for any similar proposition pending before Con-
gress.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, I shall vote for
the amendment because 1 believe it to be just and
proper, and 1 am not willing to entertain a doubt
of the House of Representatives discharging their
duty in a becoming manner. The provision in
the bill as it now stands leaves $800 as the max-
imum, and it will thus become a sort of uniform
scale. The average heretofore has not been more
than about eight hundred dollars, some as lowas
six hundred, some s^ven hundred,and some more
than eight hundred, depending on the length of
the route they had to run. That is equitable; that
is right; but to try to scale them all, and make
them equal without reference to their travel, their
labor, and their duty, is very unfair. Now, the
argument urged is not that this provision of the
bill is correct, but that if we touch the bill the
House of Representatives will not agree to our
amendment, and the bill will be tied up between
the two Houses. I am not willing to believe so.
Since my little experience in legislation, I have
never known but one bill lost in that way, and
that was under a very peculiar set of circum-
stances, such as I do not believe will exist again.
1 think the House of Representatives, on recon-
sideration, will see the impropriety of this pro-
vision, and hence 1 shall vote for the amendment
to "Strike it out.
Mr. HUNTER. As a question of abstract pro-
priety, I quite agree with the Senator from Dela-
ware. I think these route agents are cut down
too low by the bill; but I believe it to bo better to
pass the bill without amendment. This matter of
the Post Office seems to be an unhappy subject,
and questions of difference seem constantly to
arise between the Houses. 1 am willing to take
this bill as the other House have sentit to us, for
the purposeof avoiding such disputes as have oc-
curred on the Post Office deficiency bill, which it
seems we are unable to settle satisfactorily.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want to make a single state-
ment, in which the Senator from Maryland [Mr. \
Pearce] will concur. I think some Senator on
the other side made the remark that he thought
the other House had not very maturely consid-
ered this point, and that they would be very likely
to recede. On the other hand, I am inclined to
the opinion that they have very maturely consid-
ered it, because, through the various commit-
tees of conference which have been already had
upon the deficiency Post Office bill, about which
we have not been able to agree, they have inti-
mated this very thing as one of the measures they
would propose to the Senate as one of practical
reform.
Mr. BAYARD called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have only a word to say.
It seems to be argued on the other side that this
provision limiting the pay of route agents is
wrong, and thaj no one would vote for it as a
proposition by itself; and the ground is taken that
those who are for retaining this provision in the
bill retain it because they fear a disagreement be-
tween the two Houses. Now, sir, J am for retain-
ing this provision in the bill upon its merits, be-
cause it is right. Here, now, is an attempt at
reform, to reduce the expenditures of the Govern-
ment; and I want to see where the Senator fiom
Georgia, who talks so much about extravagance
and plunder, will be found upon this proposition.
Here is a proposition to limit the pay of route
agents to $800 a year, so that no man shall re-
ceive more than that; and every Senator on the
other side who has spoken on the subject is in
favor of striking it out, so as to keep their pay
up.
Mr. TOOMBS. I never robbed pence out of
poverty.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; always an excuse
when the practical question comes to limit the
expenditures of the Government. We shall see
where the votes are that keep the salaries up.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Rigl^r, Bright, Cameron.Davis,
Fuel), Fitzpauick, Giecn, Hemphill, ICenne-dv, and Sli-
dell—li.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Bragg, Chandler,
Clark, Durkee, Fe^enden, Foot, Foster, Giiineh, Gwin,
Hamlin, Harlan, Hunter, Iveison, King, Lane, Latham,
Mason, Nicholson, l'earce, Polk, Powell. Pug]), Rice,
Simmons, Sunmcr, Ten Ryck, Trumbull, Wade, Wiglall,
Wilkinson, and Wibon—33.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. GREEN. I have an amendment which I
had designed proposing; but if it be the fixed de-
termination to vote down all amendments tending
to improve the action of the House on whatever
they may propose,it will be useless forme to offer
it. I am, however, promised an opportunity to
offer it to some other bill. I believe 1 will merely
take the sense of the Senate, without delaying any
time, by moving it now, and, if it be votrd down,
I shall move it to some other bill. The amend-
ment is:
Jlnd he it further enacted, That the power devolved on,
and th<p duty rcquued to be performed by, th<; C'omp-
trolletfof the Treasury to assess the damages due the pat-
ties under the sixth section of the act entitled "An act
making appropriations lor the service of the Po*t Office De-
partment during the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
18.77,be, and the same are hereby, transteued to, and
vested in, and s-hall hereafter be peifoimed by, the Register
of the Ticasmy and Commi&sioner ufP.itent^.
Mr. IIUNTER. That is a private clajm.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. YULEE. I desire to say that I did not
vote upon the proposition of the Senator from
Delaware at all; audit is proper that I should state
that I did not vote because I was unwilling that
any amendment should be made to the bill; 1 wtis
desirous that it should pass without amendment;
but i could not vote against the amendment pro-
posed, because I was satisfied that the House
was wrong m the reduction which it made in the
pay of these agents.
Mr. HUNTER Never mind. Let us have
a vote on the bill.
Mr. YUT.EE. Well , sir, I choose to say a few
words, and 1 choosc to say them because 1 shall
take some occasion to endeavor to correct this
error. The pay of the route agents varies from
a thousand dollars, which is the'maximum of the
law, to some three or four hundred dollars, in
some instances less,generally not more than seven
or eight hundred dollars. Upon some of the
routes, the important routes, it will be impossible
to employ such men as are competent and suited
to the employment for- the sum of $800. I say
this in order that it may not be considered that the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads—
and such, I believe, is the opinion of the gentle-
men associated with me—concur in the alteration
of the law which comes from the House of Rep-
resentatives; but that we shall take some early
occasion to corrcct what we deem to have been
an error.
I wish to say also that there has been another
reduction made by the House without proper con-
sideration, and which, if we were amending the bill
at all, ought now to be amended. It is the reduc-
tion made by the House of Representatives in the
appropriation for the expenses of the clerks in the
post offices, in which they have made a large reduc-
tion without referring to thePostOffice Department
at all for information upon the subject, and which
may very much embarrass the necessary facilities
and means of making distribution at the principal
post offices in the United States, whereby the public
convenience may be very greatly interfered with.
In both these particulars I shall endeavor, if some
suitable occasion offer, to invite the attention of
the Senate for the purposeof amendment and cor-
rection. I have not moved any amendments, al-
though we have many from the Post Office Com-
mittee which would have been appropriate to this
bill, concurring in the recommendation of the Fi-
nance Committee that we should act upon this
bill without amendment.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. GWIN. Now let us take up the Post
Office deficiency bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. ThePostOffice
deficiency bill having been set aside temporarily,
for the consideration of the general appropriation
bill for the Post Office Department, is now before
the Senate for consideration.
Mr. HUNTER. Is the Senator from Florida
ready to go on with that bill to-night?
Mr. YULEE. I abandon the management of
it to the chairman of the Finance Committee, who
objects that I even should speak.
TOE TARIFF BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. According to promise, then,
I move to take up the tariff bill, for the purpose
of adjourning upon it. so that it may come up to-
morrow, at twelve o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R
No. 338) to provide for the payment of outstand-
ing Treasury notes, to authorize a loan, to regu-
late and fix the duties on imports, and for other
purposes, was taken up as in Committee of the
Whole.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate then
adjourned. *
HOUSE OF REX^RESENTATIYES.
Thursday, June 14, 1860.
The House met at eleven o'clock,a.m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Tiiomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to ask the consent of
the House for that committee to sit during the
sessions of the House.
The motion was entertained by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to.
KENTUCKY CONTESTED ELECTION.
_ Mr.STRATTONjfrom the Committeeof Elec-
tions, presented the report of the committee in tho
Kentuckycontested-election case; which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GARTRELL presented the views of a
minority of the committee; which were also laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STRATTON. 1 desire to give notice that
I shall call up the report for action to-morrow,
after the morning hour.
I CALIFORNIA RESOLUTIONS,
j Mr. BURCH, by general consent, presented
j the resolutions of the Legislature of the State of
, California, in relation to certain Indian reserva-
j Hons in said State; which were laid on the table,
j and ordered to be printed.
! LIEUTENANT IVES'S REPORT.
I Mr. BURNETT, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted a motion to reconsider the vote by which
the House, yesterday, laid on the table the reso-
lution reported from the Committee on Printing,
for printing extra copies of the report of Lieu-
