72
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
into the hands of this fanatical, sectional party?
Even when they conceal their ne'farious purposes,
and profess none but fraternal sentiments for us
of the South, it would still present no very flatter-
ing prospect for us to see our liberties, our prop-
erty, and our all, at the mercy of a mere numerical
majority in this Union. And when this ma-
jority is composed of our bitter enemies, what
can we expect but tyranny, injustice, and at last
irretrievable ruin if we should submit. 1
Would we tamely submit to have taxesimposed
by you of the North, at your mere discretion?
Why, sir, if there were no fanaticism, no hostile
feeling for us and our institutions in.the North;
even if that brotherly feeling which existed in the
betterdays ofthe Republic still remained, the South
would be recreant to herduty; recreant to all we
owe to ourselves and our postqrity, if we were to
submit to bo thus controlled by the North, and
bear such burdens as their cupidity might dictate.
Talk as you will about your intending no assault
upon slavery, even the gentleman flora Illinois,
[Mr. Kellogg,] who was one of the three out of
sixty-three signers of the Helper book, who disa-
vowed its sentiments—oneof the least Blaclc or the
leastBrown ofthe Republicans—tells us that when
they get control ofthe Government their object will
be to abolish slavery in all the Territories of" the
Union; and ho believes it .is constitutional for
Congress to do it, although the Supreme Court of
the United States has decided, differently. Is that
the kind of moderation we have to expect? We
know that it would be only a beginning; and if
they once get the control of the Government they
*vill not cease their warfare upon our institutions.
They make declarations now that they intend no
direct assault upon slavery in the States; but the
whole course of that party, from the'beginning—
of its leaders and its press—shows the contrary.
Sir, if the Republican party should succeed in
the next presidential election, 1 believe that Ala-
bama wilt take her position, and that she will not
talce.it alone, but that most, if not all of the south-
ern States, with old Virginia in the lead, will go
out of the Union with her; peaceably if you will,
but if the consequences ho war, they will be ready
to meet it
Mr. Clerk, I believe there are true and loyal
men to the Constitution at I lie North, who, if
they will unite with us in defense of the Consti-
tution, the aims and (imposes of the Republican
party might yet be deli-atcd and this Union bo
preserved; but unless they are more numerous at
t-lie Noitli than they seem to be by their repre-
sentation upon this tliior, then is theie imminent
danger that the days of tins Union are numbered.
Mr. Clerk, if this Union is to come to an end;
if we shall be forced in defense of our Constitu-
:ional rights to secede from the Union, it will be
for the North to determine whether it shall be a
peaceful secession or not. As to.bWng forced to
submit, as to being whipped into submission, as
some of the braggarts of the North have threat-
ened, we have no fears. We are prepared to
meet the issue whenever a defense or our rights
or our honor demands it with nil its lesponsi'-
bilities.
When this Union was formed it was regarded
asanexperimont. Patrick Henry, with his match-
less eloquence, and manv others of the purest and
best patriots of the land, men who had devoted
themselves to the cause ofthe Re volution, opposed
the ratification ofthe Constitution. They believed
then and some of them predicted—one"! remem-
ber was Benjamin Harrison, of Virginia—that if
the Union was formed the southern States would
sink down into mere appendages of the North.
What were the objectsnvhieh the framers of the
Constitution had in view? They are set forth 111
the preamble to that instrument:
"To form a more perfect Union, 'Malile.li jielk'c, pio-
vide for the common defense, insure domestic tnmquillity.
and secure the blessing* of liberty to our posterity."
I ask here, this day, whether these ob jects have
been attained? Have we formed a more perfect
Union? On the contiary, are not the different
sections, the North and the South, ill almost hos-
tile airay against each other; mid'as to insuring
domestic tranquillity, I need not refer to the late
events at Harper's Ferry, I 'need but refer to
the long crusade which has been preached and
carried on in the North aga'inst us of the South.
I repeat that if the framers of the Constitution
—for oil of tho original thirteen States then had
slaves save only Massachusetts—hadever dreamed
of this persistent, long-continued crusade upon
the institution of slavery, they would never have
agreed to the formation of this Union at all. The
question now is, whether, being formed, this cause
is sufficient to destroy it? I believe^ that, unless
this spirit of fanaticism and agression upon the
rights of the South shall cease, that the Union
must be dissolved. The South has the means and
the men necessary for her defense and protection.
, If war should follow, as I do not believe that
it would, then, unless I am deceived in the spirit
of tho South, they would make the struggle mem-
orable in after times, by being able to point to
many glorious battle-fields, like those of Maia-
thon and Waterloo, Bunker Hill and Yorktown.
I have 110 apprehension of the final result of such
conflict, but I prefer that it should not come. I
prefer that the spirit of fanaticism should be
quelled; that this crusade against the South should
cease, and that we should be afforded what the
Constitution intended to assure us: security and
protection in the enjoyment of our rights of pcr-
, son and property.
Now, Mr. Clerk, I ask whether, under this
Government, every other interest is not better
protected than the slave interest? Every other
citizen finds himself secure in the enjoyment of
his property. The merchant, the shipowner, the
manufacturer know that wherever the American
flag floats no rude hand dare molest them in the
enjoyment, of their property. But we alone are
denied protection, wo alone are proscribed, we
alone are to witness our slave property taken
from us, and no helping hand can or will give us
redress. Sovereign States of the North have sol-
emnly nullified the fugitive slave law, and im-
posed heavy penalties upon their citizens who
should assist m its execution. They have per-
mitted our citizens to be fined, imprisoned, and
sometimes murdered, for going to the North to
recapture their slaves.
Members of Congress now on this floor have
boasted of their willingness to aid in the violation
of this law of Congress. Not only so, but sixty-
three of them have signed, indorsed, and recom-
mended for distribution, this infamous book of
Helper's, intended to excite our slaves to insur-
rection and a, war between the non-slaveholders
and the slaveholders of the South. And it is a
significant fact that three only of the number have
disavowed and repudiated the doctrines contained
ill that book. Is this a time for us of the South
to be singing praises to the glorious Union ? Tho
slaveholder "is told that he cannot take his prop-
erty into the common Territories of the Union,
and there find protection; that his slaves may be
forcibly seized, stolen, or confiscated; and, unless
tho squatters there shall pass laws for his protec-
tion , that he will seek in vain for any redress. Was
there ever any other civilized Government, in an-
cient or modern times, whether monarchical, dem-
ocratic, or despotic, which did not acknowledge its
obligation to protect its citizens in tho enjoyment
of their right of property. In the feudal ages no
allegiance was claimed from those to whom pro-
tection was denied. The Roman Empire, ex-
tending its power to tho remotest limits of the
then known world, never refused its protection
to its citizens, however remote from the imperial
city. The right of slaveholders to protection in
tho common Territories is denied by all, save a
few, at tho North. When fanaticism begins so to
rule the day, and our constitutional rights are
thus invaded and still more seriously threatened
m the future, does it not become every southern
State to begin to prepare for any emergency?
Notwithstanding the opinions which I have ex-
pressed, I can say, sir, that none will more heartily
rejoice than myself to see tho clouds which now
-seem to lower over us forever dispersed, and
peace and concord once more restored to our now
distracted land.
■ Mr. CORWIN. Mr. Clerk, 1 feci some embar-
rassmentin rising to address tho House, although
it is not of the character usually alluded to oil such
occasions. I am perplexed to know what are the
proper subjects of discussion before the House, if
House it may be called. I remember, sir, an oc-
casion something like this, when the House was
engaged two or three weeks in attempting to secure
its organization. The difficulty then was the con-
■ tested election in tho State of Now Jersey. We
; obviated the difficulty in reference to the presiding
officer by electing a memberof the body, the ven-
erable Mr. Adams. He presided for twenty days
or more, at least until we had effected an organi-
zation of the House. On a vote to organize the
House, the tellers reported six more names than
the number of those constitutionally entitled to
vote. The legal question was discussed, I think,
for twenty-one days.
But that aside, Mr. Clerk, I do think if honor-
able gentleman would consider, calmly and dis-
passionately, the puiposes for which wo have been
sent by our respective constituencies to this place,
tlicy would see it must bo better to organize the
House, through which organization tho moment-
ous topics which have boon broached here might
be calmly and dispassionately discussed. It has
been my fortune to witness every one of the crises
to which gentlemen upon the other side of the
House have referred. I was here in the mem-
orable pariod of what is called nullification; I
was here during that other crisis of 1850, as it is
called. If we can but summon to our aid the
calm and dispassionate mind which arranged the
difficulties under which we then labored—for we
were then unable to proceed with the ordinary
business of the House; if we can but summon
back the spirit which actuated the men of that
day, all these unpleasant occurrences of the past
few days would disappear, and we would come,
as the proper Representatives of this great nation,
with hearts as well as heads, to do this work m a
proper and parliamentary manner. £ have heard
with pain the constant and reiterated threat, by
gentlemen upon the other side of the House—
though I do not intend to criticise their taste or
judge of their feelings or expressions—of a dis-
solution of the Union if one party or another
should happen to succeed. Can it he possible
that gentlemen of the South would be willing to
encounter tho fatal consequences of a disruption
of the constitutional Confederacy, merely because
a particular individual shall be elected Speaker
of this House ?
Several Voices. We do not mean that.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. Wo refer to the
election of President.
Mr. CORWIN. If, then, a particular man in
tins great Confederacy should be voted into the
presidential chair by a majority of the people, he
being called a Black Republican, is that sufficient
cause for a dissolution of the Union?
A Voxc e , (on the Democratic side of the House.)
I am for it. It is.
Mr. LAMAR. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him if Fillmore, the candidate for whom
he voted, and around whose council board he sat,
did not express the very sentiments which he is
hero denouncing?
Mr. CORWIN. I did not denounce those sen-
timents. T denounce nobody. I am willing to
answer all questions patiently. I have not the
pleasure of a personal acquaintance with the gen-
tleman from Mississippi; but I do not wish to be
held responsible for the opinions of others, but
only for my own. I dare say Mr. Fillmore may-
have expressed in writing the sentiment to which
the gentleman refers. It was mentioned by a
gentleman yesterday, and I took it for granted
tho gentleman was well informed upon that sub-
ject. I would, however, at the same time I am
answering the interrogatory of the gentleman
from Mississippi, observe that Mr. Fillmore, prior
to his election as Vice President of the United
States, did express, m a very formal manner,
every opinion hold by the Republican party of
this day. But I find that, when that gentleman
came into the presidential chair, he so adminis-
teicd the Government that every conservative man
both North and South gave him great credit for
impartiality. There was a party in the North at
that time which denounced him, and there was a
party at the South, I believe, who regretted so
impartial an execution of the laws. And so it
will happen to every man who comes into the
presidential chair, and whose power consequently
extends over every inch of territory ill this vast
Republic. I care not what speculative opinions a
man may have formed, if he bo a man of con-
science, intelligence, and will execute his constitu-
tional powers in a constitutional way. He may bo-
long to a party that may urge him to extremes—as
I think there are modern examples of that sort.
He may belong to a party that may sometimes
push him a little from the proper path of good
