1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1093
then regarded as having a preemption right. I
had the chance of getting one here myself in that
manner, but I would not do it. The reason why
they wished to secure this preemption right, at
the commencement of the present session, was,
that they did not expect the House to be organ-
ized in such a manner as it has been. Their rev-
erence for the conservative sentiment of the coun-
try was too great to allow them to believe that the
House would be organized as undoubtedly it has
been. They wanted, therefore, this preemption
right, in the expectation that they would be paid
in due time by the House.
But, Mr. Speaker, I have no desire of detaining
the House longer. I promised the gentleman from
Pennsylvania ^hat I would call the previous ques-
tion before sitting down. Before doing so, how-
ever, I will present the following resolution, which
has been handed me by the gentleman from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Crawford,] and offer it as a substitute,
for'the resolution reported by the Committee of
Accounts.
Resolved, That the Committee of Accounts be authorized
to audit and allow $2 per day to each of the eight extra
pages lately employed on the floor of the House, for the
time they actually berved.
I now call the previous question.
Mr. SPINNER. It was my understanding
that the gentleman from Virginia obtained the
floor for thepurpose of submitting some remarks,
with the promise to renew the demand for the
previous question, but not with the permission to
offer any amendment.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. When I
withdrew the demand for the previous question,
at the request of the gentleman frem Virginia, it
was certainly with the understanding that it was
for him to make a speech and then renew the de-
mand for the previous question, but not to move
any resolution.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, I have read
the resolution for information, and if the gentle-
man thinks it is in violation of the understanding,
I will not offer it.
Mr. GARTRELL. Will the gentleman with-
draw the demand for the previous question, to per-
mit me to offer it'
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have certainly no
objection, so far as I am concerned.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I hope the
gentleman will not. I insist on the demand for the
previous question.  
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Very well. I will
not offer the resolution, or withdraw the demand
for the previous question, if the gentleman does
not give his consent.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The first resolution was then read, the question
being on its adoption.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I call for the yeas
and nays upon that resolution.
Mr BURNETT I call for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was then adopted.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
second resolution; which was read.
Mr. RUFFIN. I hope the House will give us
the yeas and nays upon that resolution. I call
for them.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The second resolution was then adopted.
Mr. SPINNER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolutions were adopted, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The question was upon the latter motion.
Mr. BURNETT. If gentlemen are not afraid
of being placed upon the record, I ask them to
give us the yeas and nays upon this resolution.
I call for the yeas and nays.
The House divided; arid there were—ayes 28,
noes 106.
Mr. TAPPAN demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bonham and
Tappan were appointed.
The question was taken; and the yeas and nays
were not ordered, the tellers having reported-
ayes 20, noes 109; (one fifth not voting m favor
thereof.)
The question was then taken on the motion
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table; and it was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled an act (S. No. 26) to extend
the provisions of "An act to enable the State of
Arkansas and other States to reclaim the swamp
lands within their limits, and for other purposes, '
to Minnesota and Oregon; when the Speaker
signed the same.
CODIFICATION OF THE REVENUE LAWS.
Mr. GURLEY. I rise to a privileged question.
I am instructed by the Committee on Printing to
report the following resolution:
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That there beprinted five hundred extra copies
of the bill of the Home (No. 19) entitled a bill for the cod-
ification and exemplification of the existing revenue laws
of the United States, for the use of tins House.
Mr. GURLEY. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. GURLEY moved to reconsider the vote l>y
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the ta-
ble.
The latter motion was agreed to
HOUSE PRINTING.
Mr. GURLEY. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to report to the House a joint
resolution authorizing each House of Congress to
employ its own Printer to execute its own work.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time by its title.
The resolution was then read in extenso. It
provides that the third section of the act entitled
" An act making appropriations for the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June,
1860," approved March 3,1859, be repealed; and
that the Printer of the Senate and the Printer of
the House of Representatives be directed to cause
to be printed such regular and extra number of
copies and reports as may be required by their
respective Houses of Congress; provided that the
Printer of each House shall be allowed one half
of the rate now allowed for composition, and no
more; and that composition in no case shall be
paid for without satisfactory evidence is furnished
to the Superintendent of Public Printing that said
composition was necessary to the printing of the
documents and reports, and that it ha§ actually
been executed.
Mr. GURLEY. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the joint resolution.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Wecannotbe asked
to put a bill of this sort on its passage, without
having time to consider it.
Mr. NOELL. This is a bill to all intents and
purposes, and does not come here, I think, as a
privileged question. The joint resolution, I un-
derstand, comes here as a privileged question, and
that it gets before us alone m that way, and I have
therefore raised my question of order.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Printing
have a right to report at any time, and this joint
resolution conies before the House as a report
from that committee.
Mr. MAYNARD. I want to put a question to
the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. GURLEY. Let me first make an expla-
nation of the objects designed to be accomplished
by the joint resolution.
Mr. CURRY. I object to any explanation of
the bill, unless the demand for the previous ques-
tion is withdrawn. .
Mr. BARKSDALE. The object of this reso-
lution seems to be to plunder the Treasury for the
benefit of the Printer of this House. That is my
understanding of it.
Mr. GURLEY. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the resolution. ,
The SPEAKER. Discussion, then, is not m
order.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wantto put a question to
the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. GURLEY. I withdraw the call for the pre-
vious question to hear the gentleman's question.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is not the third section ot
the law of 1859, which it is proposed to repeal, the
section that provides that the Printer of the House"-
shall not underlet the work of the public printing
to other parties, but that he shall do it himself?
Mr. GURLEY. It is.
Mr. MAYNARD. That was the act passed at
the last session of the last Congress?
Mr. GURLEY. Yes, sir: 1 will explain.
Mr. MAYNARD. And is not the section that
it is proposed to repeal, the section that provides
that the firstHouse, whether Senate or this House,
that orders the printing of a document, shall do
the printingx>f all the copies of it that may bo
ordered by both Houses? It does that, £ think;
and it does furthermore provide that no man elected
Printer of this House shall underlettho work given
to him to be done by other parties.
Mr. GURLEY. I will explain.
Mr. CURRY. I insist on my point of order,
that the gentleman shall not proceed unless his
call for the previous question is withdrawn.
Mr. GURLEY. I have already withdrawn my
call for the previous question. *
Mr. Speaker, the object of my resolution is this:
it is to give this House the control of its own
printing, and to enable it to place in the hands of
its own Printer the work which properly and legit-
imately belongs to him. That is the main object
of this joint resolution. As the law is now, the
Printer of the House first ordering a document
to be printed does the entire work on that docu-
ment for both Houses; and the resultis, this year,
that the Senate Printer has nearly all the printing
to do. That body has ordered the printing of the
President's message and theaccompanyingdocu-
ments, the Patent'Office report, and various other
documents, and the printing for this Congress so
far has become a complete monopoly with the
Senate Printer. What has been the effect, so far
as the members of this House themselves are
concerned? That this House cannot get its docu-
ments at the proper time. I was assured by high
authority from the Senate last week that the Pres-
ident's messageand the accompanyingdocuments, .
although they have been ordered to be printed for
forty-five days, are not yet one half in type.
Members every day want these documents to en-
able them to initiate the legitimate business of the
session.
There is, sir, no extra expense incurred by
this resolution. It provides that the Printer of
the House shall be allowed only one half the price
of composition, where works are ordered by both
Houses„and the printing has first been ordered
by the Senate. It simply gives each House the
control of its own printing, and it does not add
one dollar to the present printing expenses of the
Government.
Mr. STANTON. Will it impose upon the
House the necessity of paying for double com-
position ?
Mr. GURLEY. No, sir. It is specifically set
forth in that joint resolution that the Printer of
this House shall only have one half of the price
for composition upon a work that may have been
already ordered to be printed by the other House.
It does not affect the amount which is now paid
at all; it does not, as I have already stated, add
one additional dollar to the presentexpense ot the
Government for the printing of Congress.
Mr. STANTON. By what warrant can the
House Printer be entitled to half the price for
composition of matter which has been set up l>v
the Printer for the Senate? I do not understand
how that is, and 1 would like to have it explained.
Mr. GURLEY. The resolution does not affect
what is past; but, on the contrary, has only a
prospective operation.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question. Is not the law, as it now
stands, as fair for the Printer of the House as it
is for the Printer of the Senate? In the event the
House first orders the printing of a document,
does not the Printer of the House, under the pres-
ent law, get all of the work on that document
which may be ordered by both Houses, and does
he not receive full compensation fur the whole of
that work? , , .
Mr. GURLEY. He does. But the result this
session has been, that the Printer for that body
has the printing of nearly all the reports and
documents to be done for both of the Houses of
Congress. Our Printer has very little to do;ana
the members of this House, sir, are now waiting,
