1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13
policy, but it is impossible for an intelligent man
who understands the Constitution of this country,
as most men are likely to do who are invested
with the presidential office, to do wrong. While
this great branch of the Government, the law-
making- power exists, if they choose to array
themselves against any act of a President, that
act is as chart before the wind. It is only when
• a President has the voting people in his favor,
and a party inflamed with a lust of power, and
confident of their strength to back him, that this
Government has to fear any encroachment of the
President.
The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Davis]
said this morning that the confessions which Mr.
Seward made in the Senate of the United States
were characteristic of the opinions of a majority
of the Republican party. If the inferences which
that gentleman drew from that speech be correct,
logical, and philosophical, then I must inform the
gentleman—and I think T am competent to judge
—that he is totally mistaken; and there is not a
man among the people of the State I represent
who would belong to that party.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Are you ques-
tioning the truth of my statements ?
Mr. CORWIN. I am questioning the pro-
priety of the inferences you deduced from Mr.
Seward's. I have never read that speech of Gov-
ernor Seward; and I presume that there are thou-
sands and tens of thousands of men, devoted to
the Republican party these last two years, who
have never seen or heard of it, and for the reason
that the men who have influence in that party do
not consider themselves the worshipers of any
idol. Nothing more unjust, as a matter of argu-
ment, nothing more illogical in conclusions, than
inferences which are often drawn from speeches
made in this Hall, and other occasions, when
such speeches relate to the political questions in
dispute between excited political parties.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. During the last
session of Congress, Mr. Giddings presented Mr.
Seward as the champion of the Republican party
on the platform of principles which are em-
braced in that speech of his; and I say that, if
Mr. Seward be the representative of that party,
then of course they inaorse his principles. That
is what I mean.
Mr. CORWIN. I do not know what Mr.
Giddings may have done, but I do not suppose
that it was the intention of Mr. Giddings to con-
voke a political caucus of the House of Repre-
sentatives and to make a nomination at that time.
If he, had such an intention, it would have been
his duty to send for me. [Laughter.] There may
have been gentlemen here who from their attach-
ment to the character of the politics of Mr. Sew-
ard, would wish to see him President of the Uni-
ted States. But I repeat there is nothing more
unjust to the men composing the Republican party
than to charge them with a determination to elect
this or that man. "VVe will not be held responsi-
ble for the individual opinions of anybody any-
where. I do not intend to assume here or any
where else any sort of unauthorized power, but
I profess to be as much one of the leaders of the
Republican party, and just as much an embodi-
ment of that party, as Mr. Seward or any other
man. [Laughter.]
Now, the gentleman from Mississippi under-
took to criminate Governor Seward, by charging
him directly with complicity with the affair of
John Brown; and, to prove that, he makes itap-
pear to us, according to his argument, that Mr.
Seward announced it in the Senate of the United
States a year and a half before it happened, that
Brown was to invade Virginia. A letter is also
referred to, written by a person named Forbes,
and which is said to have been found in John
Brown's carpetbag, in which Forbes said that
he had a conversation with Governor Seward,
and says, at the same time, that Mr. Seward re-
plied, he should not have been spoken to on such
a subject. Now, until a grand jury shall indict
Mr. Seward for murder at Harper s Ferry, and
- until a petty jury shall be sworn to try him, I
take it for grantee! that we may as well rely on
the word of Governor Seward rather than on that
of a man who, from his own confession, ought to
be very unworthy of credit; I mean Mr. Forbes.
I have not read this very interesting correspond-
ence at all; but I believe he acknowledges that he
understood Brown's object. Now, I would sug-
gest to the gentleman from Mississippi whether
it would be quite fair to inculpate a gentleman
like Mr. Seward in the atrocious and abomina-
ble acts of John Brown, on such testimony as
that of Forbes—an accomplice, himself a mur-
derer; a man who meditated the act coolly and
deliberately; and, I believe, taught the military
tactics to the conspirators. I do not believe the
gentleman from Mississippi would be guilty of
such an injustice as that.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Did not John
Brown believe in the political doctrines of Mr.
Seward?
Mr. CORWIN. And if he did, does that imply,
or are we to infer from it, that every man out of
the millions who have voted the ticket of the Re-
publican party would engage in the Harper's
Ferry movement?
A Member. You do not like that style of ar-
gument.
Mr. CORWIN. I have no particular objection
to the gentleman's argument, but it does not
make me feel well. I would rather not be in such
company.
Now, Mr. Clerk, let us put away all these
irregular and, as I think, very unjust modes of
criminating a man, by referring to what has been
done by the South, or what has been done by the
North. I have no doubt that if you will trace the
history, from its birth to its death, of any political
party that has ever existed, even in tlie best
periods of the British monarchy in modern days,
or in the best days of this blessed Republic of
ours, everybody will find something to condemn;
something which he would be willing to have
undone; something which, for the honor of the
country and the sake of free government every-
where, it were better had never been transacted, and
had better never been transferred to the pages of
history. I am sure, if every man examines him-
self, as with a lighted candle, lie will be certain
to find acts of his life which he will regret had
ever been committed. And so it is and will be,
with parties and Governments, so long as parties
and Governments are made up of fallible men.
1 said that I had been here in the crisis of 1833,
and I am quite sure that a portion of the State of
Ohio which, at that time, in common with others,
sent the tender of their services to General Jack-
son to quell the rebellion in South Carolina, have
since that time, at meetings in Ohio, with which
we are all familiar, adopted one of the resolutions
on which the main dogma of nullification was
then based. All the difference between the two
eases happened to be that they did not like the
nullification of South Carolina, and they did like
their own nullification. Such resolutions as Mr.
Calhoun offered in the United States Senate were
offered by these same men at a meeting held in
the town of Cleveland, in my own State, touching
the safety of a runaway negro. Now, when gen-
tlemen charge the whole Republican party with
these extravagances, which we see developed
among the masses of the people in one form or
another almost always where speech and thought
are free, and which I expect to sec while there is
liberty of speech, and liberty of the press, and
withm the limits of the common law, liberty of
action also, I must protest against it as obviously
unjust. '
We all say there must be liberty of the press;
but in a country thus organized, we must expert 1
to see glimpses of lawlessness which may, if >
carried out in action, disorganize society. Liberty
of discussion must be permitted; freedom of the
press must be permitted. I suppose there is no
gentleman here who would not wade deep m blood
before he would consent to have those rights taken
away- There must, I say, always be a degree of
licentiousness in a community thus organized.
The great difficulty which we liad to encounter in i
Ohio, during the last Congress, was from meet- j
ings of the character to which I have referred. ,
I presume the gentleman from Ohio before me, !
[Mr. Vallandigham,] with whom I differ on al- !
most every subject unless it may be that of original i
sin, [laughter,] must know this. My colleague ;
knows that it was because the conservative people |
of the State of Ohio would not tolerate such con- \
duct, and would not affiliate with or have anything
to do with such movements that the Republican I
party in Ohio was somewhat reduced below its f
former majorities. !
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Will the gentle- i
man allow me to say that the Governor of Ohio,
Salmon P. Chase, was present and addressed that
meeting ? , t
Mr. CORWIN. He was, and he should hate
done as he advised them; to go home and resort
to the ballot-box for4redress, and they did so.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The Governor
elect, Mr. Dennison, for whom my colleague
voted, wrote a letter, sympathizing with that
meeting.
Mr. CORWIN. I voted for Governor Chase;
it was the best thing I could do. I am quite sat-
isfied with that vote. My colleague will remem-
ber that Governor Chase informed them at that
meeting that they could proceed to no violence
whatever; that they must redress themselves at
the ballot-box As a proper executive officer, he
denounced the object for which they had assem-
bled, if that were forcible opposition to law. If
he had done otherwise, the people of that order-
loving State would have denounced him. I think
my colleague will agree with me in that. Such
are the people of the Republican party of Ohio,
of which, it seems, I stand as the acknowledged
leader to-day. [Great laughter.]
As to the objects of that party, to which the
gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] alluded,
I can only say that so far as I know, and I be-
lieve I am as well acquainted with them as any
other of their great leaders, [laughter,] they are
the same that have characterized all the great con-
servative parties in the history of our constitu-
tional Government. When gentlemen can satisfy
me that they are not, I will abandon the party.
But I do not mean to be drawn into a discus-
sion of these matters in detail. Let it suffice that
I mention the fact, and for it I mean to hold my-
self responsible as a lawyer. [Great laughter.]
Now, I am free to admit in that spirit of candor
which ought to characterize all our discissions
here, that there are persons connected with
that party with whom I differ on one point of
doctrine as widely as I differ with any of my
political opponents; but they are very few; and
if the Democratic party has any great affection
for them, or desires to augment its power in the
next election, as far as one of the leaders of the
Republican party is concerned, I will transfer
them, and if you can make anything out of them
belter than we have, for God's sake take them.
I do believe, also, that there are newspaper
presses which claim to represent the party, such
as have been referred to this morning, that enter-
tain sentiments very different from those enter-
tained by nine tenths of that party, at least, in
the West. I know we have but two points of
compass now in our political geography—North
and South. I beg gentlemen of the South to re-
member that there is in our country about nine
millions of people who reside in the West; that
they have an identity of language, manners, and
social systems, although they may differ about
what is called Democracy. That great western
valley contains about three times as many people
as there were m the whole country when that
great achievement, the American Revolution, was
performed. We of the West do not mean to be
held responsible to the North or to the South,
though, with God's blessing, we mean to preach
good and wholesome doctrines to both, and if we
possibly can, preserve and cherish fraternal rela-
tions with both.
I had occasion, not long ago, to listen to a Boston
man. He is called a Black Republican. You at
the South believe that Wendell Philips is an ex-
ponent of the Republican party at the North.
He is a man of large talent, with an intellect that
would do credit to humanity itself. Wendell
Phillips preaches the very same doctrines that you
now attribute to Mr. Seward, and which Mr.
Seward would no more act upon than he would
commit suicide to-morrow. [Applause in the
galleries and from the Republican benches.] Mr.
Phillips belongs to that school of politicians, and
to those transcendental schools that we have now-
a-days, who have already scaled the heights to
which the human mind will be supposed to arrive
fifty centurics hence. They have found out that
there is no binding constitutions and govern-
ments, except such as exist in the convictions of
each man's individual judgment. They allege
that that Constitution, to which men of all sides
of the House have sworn adherence, is just so
mueh waste paper. They maintain that the gov-
