1-860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2&8I
tenant Ives; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EBEN ADAMS.
Mr. LEE, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on the Post OfRce and Post Roads,
reported a bill for the relief of Eben Adams; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I desire the consent
of the House to submit a resolution, calling for
further information in relation to the recent defal-
cation in the New York post office.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object; and call for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the com-
mittees for reports, commencing where the call
last left off,
PUBLIC DOCUMENTS SARDINIA.
Mr. ADAMS, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on the Library, reported the following res-
olutions; which weie lead, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That this House accept the present of public
documents of the Kingdom of Sardinia, lately made to tins
body by its Chamber of Deputies, and tiansmitted by the
chaigo d'affaires of that kingdom, and that the same be de-
posited in the Librnty of Congiphs.
Resolved, That the Speakei make to the Q.ttcsforeof the
Chamber of Deputies of the Kingdom of Sardinia the grate-
ful acknowledgments of this body for this act of (avor and
couitesy, to be' by him conveyed to Us Chamber of Depu-
ties.
B. FRANKLIN JACKSON.
Mr. PETTIT, from the Committee on the Li-
brary, reported adversely upon the petition of B.
Franklin Jackson, asking for a republication of
the American State Papers; which was laid upon
the table.
B. II. KINNEY.
Mr, PETTIT also, from the same committee,
made an adverse report upon the petition of U. II.
Kinney, of Worcester, Massachusetts, asking
encouragement to the work of constructing a na-
tional monument in honor to La Fayette and other
eminent French officers—our friends and allies in
the war of the Revolution; which was laid on jhe
table.
EXPLORING EXPEDITION.
Mr. PETTIT also, from the same committee,
reported a bill making appropriations to complete
the publication of the exploring expedition; which
was read a first and second time. r
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object to that bill.
Are we never to have an end to the exploring
expedition ?
The SPEAKER. If objection is made, the bill
will be referred.
Mr. PETTIT. I am not proposing to put the
bill upon Us passage now: but I ask that it be
read.
The bill, which was read, provides that the fol-
lowing sums of money be appropriated for com-
pleting the publication of the exploring expedi-
tion, pursuant to the act of Congress of August
26, 1842, and to pay the contingent expenses of
the same; to wit: to complete the publication of the
exploring expedition, $59,549 35; to pay artists
and authors, $8,982 75; and to keepand preserve
the property of the expedition, $5,000.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 ask if that is a report from
a committee.
The SPEAKER. It is a report from the Com-
mittee on the Library.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask whether there has
been any action of this House by which this sub-
ject came properly before that committee.
Mr. PETTIT. In answer to the inquiry of the
gentleman from Kentucky, 1 beg leave to say that,
by an act of Congress, passed August 26, 1842, !
the Joint Committee on the Library was directed
to make a publication of the results of the ex- !
ploring expedition. This expedition, consisting
of several vessels of war, supplied on a liberal
scale, in pursuance of an act of Congress passed
for the purpose, was sent abroad in the summer j
of 183d, under the command of Commander
Wilkes. In part, it was intended for commercial
objects. In part, it was a geographical search,
embracing both coasts of South America and the
coasts of California and Oregon, then almost un-
known, eastern Asia, and the numerous clusters
of islands in the south Pacific and Indian seas.
The expedition coasted for many days the Ant-
arctic continent, desolate with perpetual winter as
the region that surrounds the north pole.
No similar expedition of any Government had
ever achieved greater results, and Congress di-
rected, by the act I have already referred to, that
an account of its discoveries should be published,
under the supervision of the Joint Committee on
the Library. The law, in terms, prescribed what
the publication should be, and how it should be
done, leaving the committee no discretion. So
that what has been done by the committee has
been merely an executive duty in obedience to
law. The law required it to be done after the
form of the voyage of the Astrolabe, a work then
in progress, commenced by the French Govern-
ment in 1824, superior to anything then attempted
in typography and embellishment. It next lim-
ited the publication to matters which were new
and original. T his required the employment of
eminent scientific men, especially in the depart-
ments of natural history. These requirements
and a corresponding style of illustration, made it
obvious that Congi ess meant that the work should
lack nothing to bnn« it up to what was then un-
derstood to be the importance of the expedition.
The work has been in progress from that time.
On the 2d of March, 1859, "the chai rman of the
Library Committee reported to the Senate on the
subject in detail. The amount then expended on
the whole work was §279,131, with a balance of
funds on hand of #4,480 90. The whole amount
expended up to May 1, 1860, was $284,035 87.
When completed, the whole work will consist,
with atlases, of thirty-eight large quarto volumes,
of which thirty-two have already been published.
All but three volumes—one of Or. Giay, and two
of Professor Agassiz—with accompanying at-
lases, have been completed, or are now being
completed, with the funds under the control of the
committee. The manuscripts and illustrations of
these last works, with an exception of the gen-
eralization of his work by Professor Agassiz, are
now completed, and on the table of the committee.
The edition, of the work was limited by law to
one hundred copies. This seems to have been
carefully adopted by Congress, on the iccom-
mendation of a committee, consisting of William
C. Preston, (whose recent death has brought
freshly to the public memory his great genius,
services and worth.) Benjamin Tappan,and Ilufus
Choate. Whatever doubt might now be felt of
the propriety of undertaking such a work, if it
had not been undertaken at all, I think it will be
granted that it ought not to be abandoned in its
imperfectand unfinished state, when so near com-
pletion, but brought to a conclusion; and that the
proper appropriation ought to be made for the
purpose. But this is a matter for the judgment
of the House, when it can be reached. The ob-
ject of this bill is intended to show how much
will be necessary to complete the publication;
how much will be necessary to pay the accounts
of the artist and authors who have been under the
employment of Congress; and how much will be
necessary to take care of the engraved plates, and
other valuable property, belonging to the Govern-
ment, in prosecuting the work. If it shall be
thought best not to finish the publication, the pro-
posed appropriation of §59,549 35 can be struck
out.
I move to refer the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object to the ref-
erence of this bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman certainly has
a right to move that the bill be referred, as it has
been properly introduced under a call of commit-
tees for reports.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BURNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, repoitod as truly enrolled an act (S.
No. 287) to incorporate the National Gallery and
School of Arts in the District of Columbia; when
the Speaker signed the same.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I desire to say that when
the vote was taken upon the proposition to cen-
j sure the President and the Secretary of the Navy,
I I was paired off. Had I been at liberty to vote,
j I should have voted against the resolutions* be-
' cause I believe those officers, in public and in
private, among the purest men of the nation.
PUBLIC PRINTING,
Mr. HASKIN. I now call up the joint "reso-
lution (H. R. No. 41) from the Committee on
Printing, to reduce the price of public printing;
and I ask to put the resolution upon its passage.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. This is a callof
committees for reports.
  The SPEAKER. We are now calling com-
mittees for reports; and we are just through, and
it is in order for the gentleman to call up this
report for action.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Has that commit-
tee been called ?
The SPEAKER. It has just been called.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. But the gentleman
does not propose to report a bill, but he calls up
a bill for action.
The SPEAKER. This is called up in the reg-
ulai course of the business upon which we are
engaged.
Mr. HASKIN. I will state for tl\p informa-
tion of the gentleman from Virginia, that this is
a report from the Committee on Printing. They
recommend the passage of the joint resolution in
favor of which the gentleman from Virginia de-
sired to vote when the debate took place upon
this matter some days ago. I call for the reading
of the resolution.
Tiic resolution, which was read, provides that
the prices established and allowed for the public
printing by the act entitled ** An act to provide
for executing the public printing, and establish-
ing the prices thereof, and for other purposes,,J
approved August 26, 1852, and by several acts
amendatory thereof, that is to say: for compo-
sition, press-work, folding, stitching, and insert-
ing maps and plates, be reduced forty per centum;
and that, for the purpose of giving full force and
effect to the resolution, the Superintendent of the
Public Printing is authorized and directed to cause
the accounts of the Public Printer or Printers to
be made out and rendered to him, as heretofore,
under the provisions of the act of August 26,
1852, (except as to the printing of the Post Office
blanks, which have been ordered by law to be put
out by contract to the lowest bidder;) and before
certifying the same to the Treasury for payment,
to deduct, from the aggregate amount of each ac-
count so rendered, the sum of forty per centum,
and that the residue shall be received by the Pub-
lic Printer or Printers as full compensation for
the work stated in said account. Also, that the
resolution shall take effect from the passage there-
i of.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman from
New York allow me to submit, without any re-
mark, an amendment to his joint resolution, and
let the House vote on the two?
Mr. IIASKIN. I will hear it read,
Mr. Houston's amendment was read, as fol-
lows:
Striko out all after the words " that hereafter.," In the
tliinl lino, and add the following:
The Supeimtendent ot Public Printing shall advertise in
three of the principal newspapers in the city of Washing-
ton, for at lea^t ten days before the meeting of each ami
oveiy Congie.-s, that the printing of both Houses of Con-
gress, and oi the Executive Departments, will he let out on
the fu-t day of the approaching session, lor the term of two
I years, to such practical piinter oi printers} as shall offer to
1 execute it—the Government turms>hing the paper, as now—
j toi the greatest per centum oft' the prices fixed by thoprint-
i ins law passed Augu&t 2G, 185:2, and shall give sufficient se~
| cunty that it shall be done promptly, and m style and man-
j ner equal, at lea^t, to an> punting ever executed lor tbe
i United States by a Public Punter: Provided, That, If the
! Superintendent >hall think it best, he may let outtheprmt-
i nig oi the Executive Departments on a separate contract;
but the printing of the two Houses of Congress shall he let
out in one contract, and the contractor or contractors shall
charge once only for composition unless the type shall have
been'distnbuted"before the other House ordered the same
document to be printed for it.
Sec 2. */lnd be Ufurther resolved^ That in case the con-
tractor or contractors shall fail to execute the printing
piomptly, and in a workmanlike manner, it shall be the
duty of the Superintendent of Public Printing to make a
contract with the next lowest biddei or bidders wlio offered
to execute it, and showed a readme and ability to do it,
ehaigmg the delaultmg printer or printers the difference be-
tween his oi their bid or bids, and the bid or bids of the
contractor or contractors who shall undertake to do the
printing m their stead.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further resolved. That so much of the
printing law passed August 26,185^, as does not conflict
