1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
There is a respectability about education and
brains and patriotism, and. Webster had it all.
He loved his country. Ire was a man of great
capacity; he was a man of great patriotism; he
was a man of great heart; he was a man of great
head; but, like those who formed ourGovernment,
he differed from others as to the sort of govern-
ment under which it would be wise for us to live.
Mr. Webster believed that it was better that we
should have a national Government; that State
lines should be obliterated, and State governments
abolished. He looked to this Federal Congress
as a national Congress. That was the great er-
ror into which I, and Democrats generally, think
he fell; but as to denying his wisdom or educa-
tion, or calling him ignorant, it is a thing before
God that I never was guilty of. I had great re-
spect for his understanding, and great respect for
his patriotism; but I have said that he did mis-
understand the Constitution, and 1 say it now;
and T say that there is no man within the limits
of the thirty-three States who couldpossibly make
as many mistakes about it as he always did—and
why ?
Mr. WILSON. I would make a suggestion to
the Senator from Texas to this effect: that he had
better correct a phrase he has used, which is cer-
tainly unjust to the man of whom he is speaking.
He says that Mr. Webster was in favor of ob-
literating State lines and abolishing State govern-
ments. He is certainly altogether mistaken in
that, and I think he misunderstands Mr. Web-
ster much more than Mr. Webster ever misun-
derstood the Constitution.
Mr. WIGFALL. I wish to say to the Senator
from Massachusetts that I supposed he understood
that I spoke in aPickwickiansep.se. [Laughter.]
X did not suppose that anybody in this grave as-
semblage ofthe wisdom of the United States would
imagine that when history established the fact
that Mr. Webster had never introduced such a
proposition, I really and seriously meant any such
thing as those words would import. I mean that
practically thaf would bo the result of the con-
struction, carried to its entire length, which Daniel
Webster gave to the Constitution and that those
who cooperated with him at that time gave; and I
believe there are very few who have cooperated
with him since, for with him died the Whig party,
and with it the decency, the conservatism, and the
patriotism of the opposition to the Democracy. I
aid not mean that Mr. Webster ever seriously
proposed to obliterate State lines and to abolish
the State governments; but I meant that the whole
theory of government upon which he predicated
his action was an obliteration of State lines and an
abolition of State governments. That was all I
meant to say, and all that I think any fair man
would ever suppose that I did say.
Now, then,'as to Mr. Webster, if I had not
been interrupted I would have said that he was a
man who came to conclusions from premises pvho
argued from the premise that ours was a consol-
idated national Government; that the Government
was the judge of its own powers, and had the
right, at the point of the bayonet, to enforce its
own decisions as to its powers; and the American
people having come to a different conclusion, I
said that Mr. Webster did not understand the
form of government under which we are living.
That is all. For instance: Mr. Webster believed
that a Bank of the United States was constitu-
tional; we believed differently. He believed that
a tariff for protection was constitutional; we be-
lieved differently. He believed that a system of
internal improvements was constitutional; we be-
lieved differently. He believed that the Federal
Government had unlimited control to declare what
was property and what was not in the District of
Columbia and in the Territories; we believed dif-
ferently. Upon all these important questions of
constitutional law, Mr. Webster believed one way
and the American people believed the other. Was
he right or we right? There is the question.
I believe Mr. Webster was in public life for
forty years. If a man were practicing law, and
during a practice of forty years had given various
written opinions, and on every single opinion that
he had given a suit had been brought and the
Supreme Court had decided against him, would
you call him " the great expounder" of the law?
Hardly, I think. Then, as Mr. Webster hap-
pened "to have been wrong on every single ques-
tion of constitutional law, I say that he not only
was not the great expounder of the Constitution,
but he expounded that which was not the Con-
stitution. So far, so good; and if the Senator
from Minnesota wishes to join issue upon the
question of the constitutionality of the bank, or
a tariff for protection, or internal improvements,
or any other great question thatMr. Websterever
committed himself to, and he seems to be the in-
dor-ser 
Mr. WILKINSON. I wish to ask the Sen
ator, with his permission, if the Supreme Court
of the United States did not sustain Mr. Webster's
view of the constitutionality of a national bank?
Mr. WIGFALL,. Well, sir, I believe the Su-
preme Court once did, and I think the Supreme
Court now would not; and I do not happen to
hold that the Supreme Court is the great ex-
pounder of the Constitution, either; and that is a
doctrine upon which, if it should ever come up
here practically, I shall express my opinions most
unqualifiedly. I would just as soon be led off
now as at any other time; but I believe there are
those who feel an interest in having a vote on this
bill, and therefore I will not take it up.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I was about to suggest to
my friend from Texas that, as there is a hind bill
now pending, we should adjourn these other ques-
tions to another time.
Mr. WIGFALL. Now I have got myself rid
of the imputation of saying that Daniel Webster
was the most ignorant man in the fjnited States,
as charged by the Senator from Minnesota, and
explained fully and explicitly what I did mean—
simply that Mr. Webster entertained one set of
views which were not regarded as constitutional,
and that for that reason 1 did not believe him the
great expounder of the Constitution; but before
1 take my seat, as it happens to occur to me, I
will say a word or two more, not to take time.
It is on a matter personal to myself.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I wish to say
a word personal to the Senator and to myself. I
misapprehended the Senatora fewmonicnts since,
and 1 regret much that I did misapprehend him.
I know I did not say a single improper word; but
if I was in my manner rude, in the least degree,
I regret it.
Mr. WIGFALL. No; I never misunderstood
anything from my friend from Arkansas. I could
not misunderstand him, because I know hi3 per-
sonal feelings to me and his political status too well
for that. Whilst I am speaking of a misrepre-
sentation that has been made on the floor, there
are some other misrepresentations that have not
been made here, but ] will explain them now. One
is, that" I said a man had a right to gamble off
whatever ho had, in a hell. I ciiargc that upon no
Senator; but it has been written all over the coun-
try. When the Senator from Minnesota asked
me if the people of Texas had notdistributed their
public lands somewhat after the manner of this
miscalled homestead bill, I stated in reply that the
people of Texas owned their lands, and had the
right to do with their own as they saw fit; that I'
or any other individual had a right to give away
my own property; that I had a right to dispense
it in charity; 1 had a right to gi%'e it for publishing
the Bible; 1 had a right to give it for encouraging
missionary societies; or I had a right to go to a
hell and gamble it off; and why not? Who could
prevent me? You could not get out any legal pro-
cess to prevent#such a proceeding as that. You
could not prevent it, and I had a right, legally, to
do it; the morality was a different matter. The
idea was, that whilst each State had a right to
take money from its public treasury and dispense
it as it saw fit, this Federal Government, being the
agentof the States, and the States themselves own-
ing the public lands, had no right to deal with that
which was not ours except as trustee, as the cestui
que trust had a right to deal with it. That is what
I said, and it has been most foully and falsely
misrepresented. It is suggested that I may again
be misrepresented. I supposed that every man
about Washington would know what "a hell"
was—a gambling house; and yet there is a Senator
who thinks lam still liable to be misapprehended.
There is another matter. It has been stated that
I said that every man who was not a capitalist
was a criminal. W hat I said was, thatevery pau-
per, every man who did not support himself—and
I am not particular about the terms—was a crim-
inal; that God himself had put the brand upon the
brow as he had upon that of Cain, and without
protection as he did upon that of Cain, and that
we have no right to do away with the wtllof God,
and protect those whom He has denounced and
marked, and branded, and turned out to suffer;
that a man having either brains or bone or muscle,
who would not work for a living, but would live
upon charity, deserved to starve. That is what
I said, and 1 say it again; and I said, sir, that tkis
so-called homestead bill, in its whole inception,
was a miserable demagogue move in order to ap-
peal to men who did not need your protection, or
would not take advantage of it, and that the men
in this country of bone and muscle and brain and
character and honesty and morals;'the men who
would go upon the public lands and cultivate them,
would be willing to payfor them the pittance that
you require, and that those who wojjld not pay
five or ten or fifteen or twenty dollars, or who
would not do it in five or ten or fifteen years, did
not deserve the public lands, but deserved the
penitentiary or the pillory; and I say it again.
I am not afraid to say these things. I know—
thank God for it—that there is no populace in this
country. We have a people, those who have the
elective franchise—populus, not populace. The
men in Rome that were called the populus or
populi, speaking in the plural, were the men who
exercised the elective franchise—the men who bore
the eagles, and the men who, until Rome became
corrupted, carried those eagles to conquer foreign
provinces; and when it did become corrupt, whilst
it was true that they had lost some of their pub-
lic virtue, they still had not losUierve, and'they
joined Caesar m crossing the Rumcon. They had
the nerve to steal, if they had not to beg; and be-
fore God, I would do one before I would the
other, though I think neither is proper.
I really thank the Senator from Tennessee for
giving me the time he has, for it is to put myself
right, and I had no right to expect that from him.
I said that this bill was to provide for a class of
population who did not deserve our charity. In
the first place, my objection to it is that the Gov-
ernment has not the right to dispense charity;
and in the next place, that the class that is in-
tended to be provided for do not deserve it.
When I speak of the poor, of paupers, I do not
mean men who work for a living, and make it;
because I said explicitly in that speech that every
man who had either brains, or bone, or muscle,
had capital. I called that, thing capital which
would get a day's wages, that which would com=-
mand money; and this bill,.and the speeches that
have been made in reference to it, seemed to be'
pointed to those who either could not or would
not make a living; and that class I thought were
not deserving either of public or private charity.
Now, sir, having put myself right upon the great
question of the expounder of the Constitution,
and the next question of poor men being crim-
inals, I thank the Senate for the patience with
which they have listened to my explanations,
and the Senator from Tennessee for the forbear-
ance which he has exhibited.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I do not rise,
sir, for the purpose of making a speech; but more
for the purpose of trying to press action on this
bill. I think the time has arrived when we should
vote. It is not my intention to consume the time
of the Senate in making a speech; but there are
one or two things that I will say in answer to the
Senator from Minnesota [Mr. Wilkinson] on
the pending amendment. He seems to think that
this bill will do very little good; that it amounts
to nothing; that it substantially confines the set-
tlers under it to the knobs and swamps and the
sterile land. It seems to me that there is a very
large proportion of public land entered at $1 25,
and at less prices, as rich and productive as any
lands in the world. A very large proportion of
the receipts into the Treasury are from one dol-
lar and twenty-five cent, one dollar, seventy-five
cent, fifty cent, and twenty-five cent lands. Some
of these lands are valuable, rich, and productive.
The bill proceeds on the basis of allowing lands
which are subject to private entry to be taken
by actual settlers. It makes no discrimination;
it gives all an equal privilege on the lauds subject
to private entry, to make their entry, comply
with the provisions of law, and get their one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land, or less.
The Senator seems to think that it discriminates
against the original settler. Suppose this bill does
not pass: he stands precisely as he lias stood: he
