2982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
with this, shall remain m force; and this joint resolution
shall take elTcct on, from, and after, the first day of the
meeting of the Thaty-Seventh Congress.
Mr. 'HASKIN. I cannot conscnt to accept
that amendment, and I call for the previous ques-
tion upon my joint resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON, if the gentleman will allow
me, I will offer this as an addition to his, to take
effect next Congress,and let hisapplytotheprcs-
ent Congress, if he chooses.
Mr. HASKIN, That provides for an entirely
different system—thccontract'systcm—which has
been tried and failed.
The previous question was seconded, and the
nlain question was ordered; and, under its oper-
ation, the joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and, being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. HASKIN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OFFICERS OK NEW ORLEANS MINT.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
Committec*on Commerce, reported back the me-
morial of B. F. Taylor and other officers of the
mint at New Orleans, and asked that the same be
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
It was so ordered.
CUSTOM-HOUSE EXPENDITURE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, also, from the
same committee, presented a repot t on the subject
of expenditure in the custom-houses; which was
laid upon the table, and ordeicd to be punted.
RALPH REAPER.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, also, from the
same committee, reported back the petition of
Ralph Reader, of Hamilton county, Ohio, and
asked that the committee bo discharged from the
further consideration thereof, and that it be re-
ferred ro the Committee on the Library.
It was so ordered.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. CURTIS. I am directed, by the select
committee on the Pacific railroad, to present a
report. I understand that if 1 do not report this
morning, 1 will have some opportunity of doing
so to-morrow. If that be so, I will not take up
the time of the House now.
The SPEAKER. That may not be so.
Mr. CURTIS. Very well. Then, I ask to
present the report.
Mr. SMfTII, of Virginia. That thorn mny be
no misapprehension on tho subject, I understand
that the Chair rules that it may not be so.
The SPEAKER. It is impossible for the Chair
to be anticipating the orders of the House. The
committee is now called; but whether it may be
called to-morrow, the Chair cannot tell.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Certainly, sir. No-
body can tell what a day may bring forth.
[Laughter.] I just wanted the gentleman not to
be misled.
The SPEAKER. It would be in the power of
the House to excuse the gentleman from report-
ing to-day, and give him leave to report to-mor-
row.
Mr. BRANCH. I endeavored to defeat the
resolution under which these reports arc being
made. I did not succeed; but I give notice now
that I will defeat any of the effects of it that I can;
and the gentleman must report when hia commit-
tee is called, or not at ail.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Io'wa
sees that he has notice.
Mr. CURTIS. Yes; 1 will take notice accord-
jkr. BINGHAM. I hope, if the gentleman is
going to report, ho will report at once, and not
use up the morning hour.
Mr. CURTIS. I will take up as little time as
possible; ccrtainly no more than the subject de-
serves. It will be remembered, Mr. Speaker*
that the whole matter of the Pacific railroad was
before the House on a former occasion. Objec-
tion was made to the bill because the parties
named in the bill were not incorporated. To ob-
viate that objection, although the committee did
not think it necessary, they unanimously agreed
to insert a clause by winch no property or interest
shall vest in the persons until they are incor-
porated. The next point taken was, that if the
persons were incorporated, still the mortgage
which was proposed might not be a proper hen on
the Territories and States through which the road
is to pass; and a provision has been also unani-
mously adopted by the committee to obviate that
objection, by requiring that, before any land or
bonds shall be advanced by the Government, bonds
shall be given to the satisfaction of the Attorney
General, and the mortgage recorded. After hav-
ing thus, as the committee believes, obviated every
objection made to the bill, and as the session is
now drawing near to its close, and no provision
seems to have been made by the Senate or the
House to prolong it, it was agreed by the com-
mittee that a very full discussion could not be had
during the few days that remain of the session.
Under these circumstances they desired me to re-
port the bill to the House, and to ask to have it
postponed to a certain day in the next session.
They do this with a hope that the bill shall be
fairly considered by the President, and by Con-
gress; for we have no desire that a bill of so much
importance to the country should be acted on
hastily, and without consideration.
Mr! STANTON. What is the matter before
the House?
The SPEAKER,
is making a report.
Mr. STANTON.
The gentleman from Iowa
Well, I want him to make
a report, bur not to make a speech.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
gentleman to be presenting a report on the subject
of the Pacific railroad.
Mr. STANTON. Well, let the gentleman send
it up, and have it read.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 do not know
whether it is m order 
Mr. CURTIS. I hope the gentleman will not
interpolate these remaiks in mine. I have but a
few words to say. I have but to present this re-
port with a resolution, and to ask for the passage
of the resolution; and on that I call the previous
question. There is no necessity for discussion.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. All I ask is, that
the gentleman will allow rae to offer an amend-
ment, and then let the whole go over.
Mr. CURTIS. I cannot admit any amendments
now; they would be out of order.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the matter of a Pacific railroad be post-
poned till the thud Tuesday m Deeomber ne.\t; and that
fifteen thousand copiiw of the bill, piopaied by the commit-
tee, and tiie jepoit, be printed and enveloped tor distribu-
tion by the members ot the Houm).
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I ask whether the
resolution is susceptible of division.
The SPEAK lilt. The latter part of the res-
olution must, go to the Committee 011 Printing
under the rules. The other part is in older, to
wit: to postpone the bill to the third Tuesday in
December.
Mr. SMITH, of Virgina. I again ask the gen-
tleman from I owa to allow me to put m my amend-
ment.
Mr. CURTIS. I believe there are one hundred
amendments to be proposed, and if I give the gen-
tleman the opportunity to offer his, 1 would have
to give the same opportunity to all.
Mr. SMITH, oi Virginia. But I am a mem-
ber of the committee.
Mr. CURTIS. I hope the gentleman will not
insist.
Mr. BRANCH. I rise to a question of order.
I do not wish to have the bill read. It would con-
sume time unnecessarily; and I can, in two min-
utes, get the information from the gentleman upon
which I wish to base my point of order. Docs
this bill provide for the issuing of bonds ?
Mr. CURTIS. It does.
Mr. BRANCH. Then I make this point of
order, to go over with the bill when it is post-
poned: that the bill must receive its first consid-
eration in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. 1 make the point of order, that it
may go over and be decided when the bill comes
up after its postponement.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will note the fact,
that the point of order is made, but that it will be
considered when the bill conies up.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, t desire to under-
stand what the proposition now is.
Mr. CURTIS. I object to debate.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am seeking to
know how this matter stands.
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman is a member of
the committee, and he ought to know all about it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am not going to
make an argument. I want to know what the
proposition is. I understand it to be to postpone
this question to a given day in the next session.
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir; and the previous
question is called on the motion to postpone.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, as soon as
the question of postponement is disposed of, I
shall offer the amendment to the bill which I hold
in my hand.
Mr. CURTIS. I object to all amendments
now.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I desire to make an
appeal to the gentleman from Iowa. If he does
not allow gentlemen who desire to offer amend-
ments to present them, and have them go with the
bill and be printed, I shall vote against his motion.
Mr. CURTIS. Very well; I cannot object to
that.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to appeal to the
gentleman from Iowa to allow me to offer an ad-
ditional section to his bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Has the pre-
vious question been demanded?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I ob-
ject to all debate.
Mr. BURNETT. I am appealing to the gen-
tleman from Iowa to allow me to offer this as an
additional section to the bill:
Be it fw titer cnacted, That the individuals named in the
fijht section of this act as grantees, shall not have privilege
to becomc pecuniarily or personally interested in the sub-
ject-uiattei ol tlii*contract,authouzedby thisact; butf-hall
hold «aid grants of land and ciedits as trustees only, and as
commissioners for such incorporated companies as may
build a railway to the Pacific along the direction of the
line indicated by this act, and recognized under said con-
tract.
Mr. CURTIS. Let me say one word.
Mr. STANTON. If the previous question is
to be insisted on, I object to one word.
The SPEAKER. No amendment can be re-
ceived, ordebateallowed, pending thedemand for
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Iowa a question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
The question was taken on the resolution to
postpone; and it was agreed to.
Mr. CURTIS. T move to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to.
The SPEAKER (misunderstanding the mo-
tion,) put the question on laying the motion to
reconsider on the table, and declared it carried.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. 1 now ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to present an amend-
ment to the bill, and to have it printed. [Loud
cries of' Order!'5 and " Object!"]
The SPEAKER. There cannot be any amend-
ments offered. The bill has been postponed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I believe I have the
floor.
The SPEAKER. No, the floor has not yet
been given up by the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. CURTIS. I have not yielded the floor, J
desire to say to gentlemen who have amendments
to offer, that I have no intention to cut off amend-
ments. The bill will come up next session.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not before the
House; it is not under consideration, and no
amendments can be received. The House has
postponed it till next session.
Mr. CURTIS. One word.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I rise to a question
of order. The confusion here is so great that I
have not been able to ascertain what was the pur-
port of the last motion put.
The SPEAKER. It was a motion to lay upon
the table a motion to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was postponed.
Mr. CURTIS, No, sir; that was not my mo-
tion. I merely moved to reconsider, and not to
lay upon the table.
The SPEAKER. Then the question is on the
motion to reconsider.
Mr. CURTIS. I merely wanted to enter themo-
tion, so thatin case the session shall be extended,
we can consider the bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is the motion to
reconsider debatable?
