1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The SPEAKER. It is debatable, and the gen-
tleman from Virginia has the floor.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, I just wish to make
a brief appeal to the House on this question.
Mr. CURTIS. I have not yielded the floor to
any man.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. But the gentleman
had no right to keep it.
The SPEAKER, The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman from Virginia is in order.
Mr. CURTIS. By what rule is he in order?
I understand I have the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Iowa to make his motion, and
take his seat.
Mr. CURTIS. I have not yielded the floor. I
have tried to retain it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair tried to keep the
floor for the gentleman, but had to give it up.
[Laughter.] No man could try haider. [Re-
newed laughter.] But when the gentleman took
his seat, the Chair assigned the floor to the gen-
tleman from Virginia.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. As soon as I can
get the attention of the House, I will go on.
Mr. CURTIS. I have not taken my seat. I
have stood here ever since the committee was
called. I insist that I have the floor, and the gen-
tleman from Virginia cannot wrest it from me.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I call the gentle-
man from Iowa to order.
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman is out of order
himself; and he knows it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I say it is not so.
[Great laughter and confusion.]
Mr. CURTIS. I say it is; and I call the gen-
tleman to order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman
must not so charge. *
Mr. CURTIS. I do so charge.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
thegentlemanfromVirgmiaisentiiled to beheaid
now, and then the floor will be assigned to the
gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I rise toaquestion
of order. The gentleman made his motion to re-
consider and remained without taking his scut,
for I was standing near lum, and 1 can testify to
that fact. The floor was then assigned to the gen-
tleman from Virginia, the gentleman from Iowa
stdl remaining standing. I submit, therefore, that
if the motion to reconsider is debatable at all, the
gentleman from Iowa is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 call the gentle-
man from Missouri to order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair certainly under-
stood tin* gentleman from Iowa to yield the floor.
Mr. CURTIS. Oh no, sir; I did not yield the
floor. I had no such idea.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Now, sir, if
the gentleman from Virginia does not go on with
his remarks, without further delay, 1 think he
ought to lose his right to the floor.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will proceed, if
gentlemen will allow me. I do not propose to go
into any general discussion of the question; but
what I propose to say is this: I presume the
House means to do right, and so presuming, I
shall act. The Chair will remember, and the
House will remember, that the gentleman made
his report, and asked to have fifty thousand extra
copies printed, of the bill which he reported.
Now, if it was important that the particular proj-
ect of the gentleman from Iowa should go out In
so multitudinous aform, it is also proper that the
views of the other members of the committee on
the subject should go to the country accompany-
ing it. What I have proposed, therefore, is that
the motion to reconsider shall be agreed to; and
that all the propositions coming from the members
of the committee, shall go together to be printed.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I submit that, this matter having
been postponed, there is nothing before the House
which is debatable.
The SPEAKER.. The Chair thinks the mo-
tion to reconsider is, to a certain extent, debatable.
Mr. HINJDMAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Virginia a single question. I am not
in the habit of interrupting gentlemen; but I wish
to ask the gentleman from Virginia if an order
has not already been adopted by the House under
which all bills reported by members of the com-
mittee may be printed ? The gentleman can, there-
fore, repoit his proposition, and have it printed
whenever he may please.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. That order has ex-
hausted itself, as I understand it. Do I under-
stand the gentleman to say that the order has
already beon made to have my proposition go
with that of the gentleman from Iowa?
Mr. HINDMAN. The gentleman misunder-
stands me. What I intended to say was, that
while we have no possible objection to the minor-
ity of the committee submitting their bills and
having them printed, as they have done the whole
session, we do not want them submitted to go
with our bill, for their propositions arc no part of
the report o£thc committee, and we do not want
theirs printed with the report of the committee.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I know precisely
what the gentleman wants, and now if my friends
will not interrupt me further, I will go on and
finish myremaiks. I desire to state what my
purpose is precisely. 1 desire to have the prop-
osition to postpone reconsidered. Then I propose
that all the amendments which may be proposed
shall come in, and that propositions to print the
same number of all of them shall go together to
the Committee on Printing. If the gentleman
wants fifty thousand printed, let that number of
all the reports be printed m the same document.
Mr. CURTIS. Will the gentleman allow me
to say that to give publicity to all these proposi-
tions, would lequire a book to be published, that
would amount to a large volume. Now, I desire
that an extra number of the report of the commit-
tee may be printed; but to scud forth to the coun-
try so voluminous a document in large numbers,
as all these individual propositions would require,
is another and entirely different thing.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. In other words, the
gentleman has no bowels of affection foranything
that is not the creature of his own production.
He will recognize only his own offspring.
Mr. CURTIS. The offspring of the commit-
tee, not mine.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I cull the gentleman
to order. What sort of manners is that ? [Laugh-
ter.] I did not yield the floor. Now, Mr. Speaker,
I ask this House to reconsider this question so far
as to allow these amendments to come in, and then
let them go with the bill reported by the gentleman
from Iowa.
Mr. REAGAN. By the permission of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, I desire to say that I have
one or two amendments which I have prepared,
and wish to have come in as separate sections of
the bill reported by the gentleman from Iowa,
containing qualifications which 1 believe are ne-
cessary to prevent this great enterprise, for which
it is proposed to donate $100,000,000 from the
Treasury, from becoming a mere fund for private
speculation. I desire to submit these amendments
thfct they may be printed, and considered in con-
nection with the bill reported by the majority of
the committee.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. My proposition
would embrace the amendments of the gentleman.
But, sir, I should not have detained the House
for more than a minute, if I had not been inter-
rupted. I desire to say simply, in reply to the
remark of the gentleman from Iowa that he docs
not want this volume to be so voluminous, that I
hoflp he is not afraid of having his own bantling
overlaid; and he certainly is not seized with such
a fit of economy just nowas to object to iton the
ground of the cost of printing.
Mr.MAYNAllD. I rise to a question of order.
I do not think this motion is debatable to the ex-
tent that is being indulged in.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the motion
to reconsider is debatable.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If the gentleman
had been listening to what was going on he would
have ascertained what the proposition was, and
would have known that it was debatable. Now,
sir, I have stated my whole purpose in making
this motion; and I now move the previous ques-
tion upon the motion to reeonsidcr.
Mr. CURTIS. I certainly do not think it
would be proper to print so large a number of so
voluminous ^document; and I move to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM, from the select
committee on Senate bill No. 35, to abolish the
franking privilege, reported back the bill with a
recommendation that it do not pass; and moved
that it be postponed until the third Tuesday in
December next, and that the majority and minor-
ity reports be printed.
Mr. STANTON. I do not know how this re-
port comes before the House. I understood the
Chair to have passed the select committees in the
call, and to have commenced the call of the regu-
lar committees again.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has been in the
habit of returning in the call when a gentleman
states that he has allowed the call of his commit-
tee to pass by inadvertence.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I change the time
to the fourth Tuesday in December
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion to postpone the consideration of the bill
until the next session of Congress; and the Clerk
will report the bill.
The title of the bill was read, as follows:
An act (S No. 35) to abolish the franking
privilege.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman's motion, I
understand, embodies the proposition that the
majority and minority reports shall be filed with
the amendments to the bill and be printed?
The SPEAKER. It is so understood.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will withdraw his motion to postpone, and
let us have a vote upon it now.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. No, sir; not at ail.
I want the report printed, and I desire to.discuss
the question; and I want the country to under-
stand it. Nothing has been said upon the subject,
except against it.
Mr. BCJRNETT. I do not agree with the ma-
jority of the committee with reference to this bill;
but 1 see that we cannot have action upon it now.
The report has not bgen printed, and therefore I
agree to the. proposition that its consideration
shall be postponed.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
| INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL,
i Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a privileged mo-
1 tion. I move that the House resolve itself into
! the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
j Union in order to continue the consideration of
the Indian appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Crawford in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the Senate amendments to the biff
of the House (No. 215) making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the In-
dian department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes, for the year end-
ing June 30, 1861; the question being on the eighty-
fourth amendment of the Senate.
The amendment was read, as follows:
For piyment of improvements of the Indians west of the
Cascade mountain*, the Nez Perces, the Flatheads, the
Yakamas, winch may have to be abandoned in conse-
quence of certain treaty stipulations with them, and for
suivevs of reservations to which they are to be removed,
$55,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in this
amendment.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I move to
amend by adding one dollar to the appropriation.
When this bill was under consideration of the
committee, a few evenings since, I made a brief
explanation of this amendment. There was then
barely a quorum present; and I avail myself of
this occasion, with a full committee, to call their
attention to a few facts connected with this amend-
ment. There are two distinct objects to be ac-
complished by it. Fir&t, the payment of Indian
improvements. I ask for the passage of this ap-
propriation, because, by the express provision of
a treaty, it is guarantied that the Indians shall be
paid for such improvements. This is the pro-
vision:
" Awl provided, That any substantial improvements here-
tofore made by any Indian, such as fields inclosed and cul-
tivated, ami houae^ erected upon the lands hereby ceded,
and which hemav be compelled to abandon in consequence
of this* treaty, *Uali be valued under the direction of the
President of the United State--, and pa> mem made therefor
in money, or improvements of an equal value be made for
said Indian upon the reservation; and no Indian wiU be
required to abandon the improvements aforesaid, now oc-
cupied by him, until their value in money, or improve-
1/
