1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mittee of the Whole, and he wants to strike out
other words.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the diffi-
culty the Chair has had. The Chair, howe-ver,
understands the Senator from Illinois to withdraw
his amendment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I waive it for the purpose
of letting the vote be taken on the amendment
made as in Committee of the "Whole. After that
is voted down, I shall offer it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole, to insert the words " or
preemption" in the ninth line of the first section.
The yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. GWIN. I voted for that amendment yes-
terday, because it would have a very important
bearing upon the settlers on the. public lands in
the State of California. There are a great many
settlers there who arc entitled to their preemp-
tions on unsurveyed lands by various acts of
Congress. They have been on those lands for
five, or six, or seven years, and they have never
been able to enter their lands or perfect their
titles, because they have never been surveyed.
It seems to me that, under the bill without this
amendment, tliey will be deprived of the advant-
ages that ether settlers on the publiclands, where
the lands have been surveyed, will receive from
its provisions.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will suggest
to the Senator, that two years are granted by the
bill to those who are 011 unsurveyed lands, from the
time the plats shall have been filed in the office,
and on surveyed lands two years after the pas-
sage of the act.
Mr. GWIN. And two years from the time
the other lands are surveyed?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The language
of the bill in the seventh section is:
And where such settlements have already been made in
good faith, the claimants shall be entitled to the same period
of two years from and after the passage of this act.
That relates to settlers on unsurveyed lands.
Mr. GWIN. Permit me to ask another ques-
tion. Suppose that at the end of those two years
the lands on which those settlers are now located,
and have been for yeajrs, are not then surveyed;
suppose the surveys do not progress with suffi-
cient rapidity to reach their localities: what effect
will it have on them?
Mr. LANE. The preemption will be good
forever until the land is surveyed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It will be good
forever until it comes to the time when the lands
are brought into market and subjected to sale; and
from that time forward the parties are entitled to
two years within which to pay.
Mr. POLK. I wish to make a remark in re-
gard to the action I shall take with reference to
this amendment. When it was offered in Com-
mittee of the Whole, yesterday, I voted for it
for the purpose of reaching the cases in Minne-
sota, for the benefit of which the amendment
was offered by the Senator from Minnesota; but
I am satisfied that the amendment goes further
than the protection of those settlers in Minne-
sota, for whom I was willing to make provis-
ion. Accordingly, when the Senator from Min-
nesota offered his amendment this morning, I
voted for it, because it limited the scope of the
i-einedy that he proposed to apply,by the amend-
ment now under consideration, to the cases in
Minnesota that I thought deserved congressional
legislation for their protection; but as this amend-
ment as it now stands goes beyond that, and goes
further than I intended yesterday by my vote, I
shall feel myself constrained to vote against it in
the shape m which it now comes before the Sen-
ate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
call the roll.
Mr. YULEE. I would suggest that, as there
seems to be a general agreement that the amend-
ment in the shape in which it stands shall not be
adopted, we may dispense with the call of the
yeas and nays by unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent.
Mr. RICE. That is what I asked at an early
stage, that that might be dispensed with, and the
substitute which 1 offered taken.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, hear-
ing no objection to the course suggested by the
2089
Senator from Florida, will put the question with-
out having the yeas and nays called.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I now offer the amendment
which I suggested, to strike out in the eighth and
ninth line of the first section of the bill the words:
" after the same shall have been surveyed, and be-
come subject to private entry, "and insert: "which
have been, or shall hereafter be, surveyed and be-
come subject to preemptionso as to make it read:
That any person who is the head of a family, and a cit-
izen of the United States, shall, from and after the passage
of this act, be entitled to enter one quarter section of vacant
and unappropriated public lands, or any less quantity, to be
located in a body, in conformity with the legal subdivis-
ions of the public lands, winch have been, or which shall
hereafter be, surveyed and become subject to preemption,
upon the following conditions.
_ It has been suggested that it will avoid confu-
sion to have the words which I have proposed to
insert read simply, " which have been or shall
hereafter become subject to preemption;" and I
so modify it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. When the
amendment was offered by the Senator from Illi-
nois, providing, as it did in the firstinstance, that
the provisions of the bill should include all lands
that shall hereafter be surveyed and become sub-
ject to preemption, it embraced another class of
cases not included in the amendment which was
offered by the Senator from Minnesota, and adopt-
ed yesterday in committee. When the Senator
from Illinois adopted the suggestion which was
made to him a moment since, after heliad offered
his amendment, to leave out the words "be sur-
veyed and," he embraced a still further class of
lands, and that is the last that it is in the power
of language to embrace. That takes all the pub-
lic domain entirely, and gives completely and fully
the whole public domain; makes it all subject to
the terms of this bill at twenty-five cents an acre.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I gave notice that I should
move to add the restrictions that were in the pro-
posed amendments of the Senator from Minne-
sota. I see that those restrictions will be appro-
priate as an addition to the present amendment.
I will read them for the information of the Sena-
tor from Arkansas:'
" Not including, however, any sections of land reserved
to tlie United States alternate to other sections granted to
any of the States or Territories for the construction of any
raiiroad or other public improvement; nor to include any
other reservations by the Government or the laws of the
United States for anv purpose whatever; nor to include the
mineral lands of the United States."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. That, then,
will be offered by the Senator as a part of the
amendment?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I now offer it as a part of
my amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The difference
that makes is scarcely worth considering. It is
unnecessary to say more about it. I do not be-
lieve we ought to consume time to-day m speak-
ing on these matters. I thmk the whole Senate
understand them. This amendment is an aban-
donment of the principle of the bill, which is to
restrict the provisions of the grant to those lands
winch had been offered to the highest bidder, and
were now subject to sale at private entry. If we
adopt this amendment, that provision of the bill
is lost forever, and the harsh terms that arc found
in the House bill, and the most objectionable to
the branch of the public service that undertakes
to administer the public lands for the interest of
the whole Republic, will have been fully and com-
pletely restored. I trust that the Senate will vote
understandmgly, knowing, at least, that we can-
not adopt this amendment without a total aban-
donment of the present proposition before the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the'amendment, as it now stands.
The Secretary read it: In lines eight and nine,
strike out the words "after the same shall have
been surveyed and become subject to private
entry," and insert:
Which have been, or shall hereafter become, subject to
preemption, not including, however, any sections of land
reserved to the United States, alternate to other sections
planted to any of the States or Territones for the construc-
tion of anv railroad or other public improvement; nor to
include any other reservations by the Government, or the
laws of the United States, for any purpose whatever; nor
to include the mineral lands of the United States,
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, there have been
two great principles running through our land
policy heretofore. They have been modified from
time to time, and constantly developed in prac-
rp1e,l>ecora'n® mor® liberal as they progressed.
The first was to abridge as much as possible the
period within which the Federal Government
should exercise control overland within the States.
I he second was to hasten the settlement of the
new country. In accordance with the first prin-
ciple, we have from time to time enacted gradua-
tion laws, made grants to the States for internal
improvements, so as to hasten the sale and settle-
ment of the public land, We have steadily looked
forward to that which is now introduced as one
of the main provisions of this bill, that when the
lands ceased any longer to be a source of revenue
to the United States, they should be abandoned
to the States in which they lay. This is the ful-
fillment of the policy that the Federal Govern-
ment shall, for the shortest possible time, remain
lord and proprietor within the limits of a sover-
eign State.
The next great principle which has run through'
our land policy has been to favor the early settler,
to encourage and protect the pioneer. For this
purpose, preemption laws have, from time to
time, been enacted. In the earlier period of our
land history, these, it will be remembered, were
resisted at every stage as an-encroachment on the
proprietary rights of the old States. This contro-
versy between the old and the new States is now
almost forgotten. The preemption policy has be-
come ingrafted on the public land system, and is
received by Congress as the rule pf its conduct.
Now, however, we are about to- make a great
departure from the principle on which it rests.
The whole idea of that preemption policy was,
that the land belonged to the people, as common
property; that each individual citizen of the Uni-
ted States was ajointownerintheland; and that
if he went upon the wild domain and there made
his home, encountered privation in the opening
of roads and making settlements, he rendered it
easy for others who came after him to take up
the land round about him, and benefited the Gov-
ernment of which he was a part; that further-
more, the labor which he had incorporated with
the land was his own; that- the Government had
fixed the price of $1 25 as the value of the land;
and that then to put that land in market, to be
taken by the highest bidder, was to sell, not the
land, but the property of the individual—the labor
which he had incorporated with it.
This has been the foundation of the preemption
law. It is true that he selected the spots of land
most valuable, and which, even if he had not in-
corporated his labor with it, might have sold for
more than one dollar and twenty-five cents an
acre; but in view of the advantage which he con-
ferred on the Government at large by the facili-
tating of future migration and settlement, it was
deemed just and equitable to give that one of the
joint owners of the property such an advantage.
Now, however, it is proposed that he who goes
forward and makes this settlement on unsurveyed
land, on land before it has been offered to betaken
by the highest bidder, is to receive it under that
low price to which it was, under the former pol-
icy, graduated in the general view of abandoning
the control of the domain to the States; and this,
I think, is the great fatal departure from the prin-
ciple. He who goes into the newand unsurveyed
land, there taking the choice spots, selecting the
best parcels of it, may at least be expected to pay
the average price which the Government requires
for its lauds of -51 25 an acrc, protected as he is
by this bill. Advancing onward in the generous
policy towards the pioneer of the wilderness, it
gives him two years after the land is surveyed as
the time by which he shall get ready to pay that
$1 25 an acre. Further advantage than this 110
industrious and self-reliant man could ask. It
gives him all that he has a right to claim; it gives
him all that, as a joint owner, one willing to con-
tribute his full share to the support of the Gov-
ernment and the supply of the Treasury, any in-
dividual could ask of the Federal Government. I
trust, therefore, that the sound principle of the
bill, adhering to past policy and rules of right,
merely liberalizing them m the special cases, and
enlarging them in relation to the one point of
transferring the land to the States, will be adhered
to by rejecting this amendment, and holding the
bill 111 the form in which the committee reported it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have listened with interest
