1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1095
finds that he has nothing to do; that the Printer
of the Senate, who is a Democratic official, has
anticipated him, and that, in truth, he will have
but a very small proportion of the profits of the
public printing. In that state of the business, the
gentleman from Ohio comes forward,and reports
a bill, the effect of which is this: that the Printer
of the Senate, although he acts under existing
law, and in pursuance of law, shall be compelled
to divide his profits with the Printer of the House.
This is perfectly apparent.
But, Mr. Speaker, there is another objection to
this bill. As 1 understand it, this joint resolution
repeals the law by which the public printing is
now conducted. One provision of that law is, that
the office and job of Public Printer shall not be
transferable. Well, sir, it so happens that these
gentlemen on the other side have elected a Printer
of this House; a statesman, perhaps; an ex-gov-
ernor; probably a man of large influence in the
politics of the country, but who knows nothing
about public printing, and who is, as I understand,
destitute of the capital with which to establish a
printing office in this city. Under these circum-
stances, he is anxious to transfer this joband busi-
ness of Public Printer, and to enjoy tho profits;
and this bill is reported to repeal the clause in the
law forbidding such transfer, so as to give the
Republican Printer of this House an opportunity
of securing a portion of the spoils monopolized by
the Printer of the Senate.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will the gen-
tlenfan from Virginia permit me ta say a word
here?
Mr. PRYOR. Certainly.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I wish to say
that I was not in the House when this-joint ios-
olution was introduced and read; but hearing from
some gentleman that it contained a provision re-
pealing the law which forbids the transfer of the
public printing, I moved to recommit the bill. My
object in that motion was to have it amended so
as not to interfere with that portion of the law.
Mr. PRYOR. We tried to have the bill re-
committed, but the gentleman who introduced it
refused our request.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. X did not know
anything about that.
Mr.PRYOR. Well,Ianispeakin°:direetly and
pointedly to the merits of the bill. Permit me to
say that the bill which has been thus covertly
thrust into the House this morning, is in keeping
with the bill that was brought before the House
yesterday. The gentleman who is, in fact, the
author of the measure now under discussion,
brought forward yesterday that bill with a pomp-
ous and taking title. It was a bill professing a
radical and complete reform of the enormous
abuses of the public printing business. For my-
self, I confess that I was captivated by the title of
the bill; captivated by the principle and policy of
the bill; and would have given it my hearty con-
currence and support. Hut lo! what revelation
was made in the progress of the discussion? Why,
that this bill, thus proposing this radical and com-
plete reform of the abuses of the public printing,
is operative only in so far as it destroys and cuts
down abuses that might go to the benefit of the
Democratic Printer. That is to say, that so far
as the bill touches abuses in the executive print-
ing—the Democratic prin ting—it goes into effect
with remorseless and immediate operation; but
so far as it affects the interests of the Printer of
this House, its operation is postponed until March,
1861. Now, £ appeal to the candid gentlemen ori"
both sides of the Chamber, if they will connive at
any covert attempt of this sort, under the specious
plea of reform and retrenchment, to inflict not
only a personal injury, but an illegal and most
unwarrantable injustice.
Mr. HOUSTON resumed the floor.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman from
Alabama yield tome for a few moments?
Mr. HOUSTON. Certainly, sir.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to say a few words
in regard to this bill. I do not precisely understand
the effect of it, so far as it propsses to change the
mode of making payment for the public printing.
If it operates on the matter already ordered, and
already in the hands of the Senate Printer, it is
most manifestly unjust. As a matter of course,
no part of it. Il' it is intended to operate only
prospectively on such printingas may bahereafter
ordered by either House, I cannot see thatitis to
have any very serious effect on the business of
the printing for both Houses; for it may be taken
for granted that this House will be as ready to
order its printing speedily as the Senate; and the
House Printer will thus receive his fair share of
the work.
I know it is said that the executive depart-
ment, being disposed to favor the Democratic
Printer of the Senate, makes its communications
of documents to be printed first to the Senate, and
that therefore the Senate Printer ordinarily secures
the first of the public printing. Now, if that be
so, let it be so. I would not, for a mere tem-
porary inconvenience, which may be altogether
changed with the next presidential election, change
an existing law. If the law is sound in principle
—that the Printer of the House who first orders
documents to be printed shall have the printing
of them—I would not change it for any incon-
venience it may create during the existence of the
present Congress. I hope to elect.a Republican
President, and if there is to be any such favorit-
ism, why the next President will send his docu-
ments first to the House, and the House Printer
will get the printing. These are accidental and
occasional effects of the operation of a general law
that cannot be changed to meet temporary ex-
igencies, and I think it is wrong to attempt it.
I would not, by any means, repeal the proviso
to the law of last session which prohibits any
man from transferring the office of Public Printer,
because I believe it to be a sound principle that
you shall elect no man as Public Printer who is
not here prepared with means to execute the pub-
lic printing, and if weliave got our foot into it on
this occasion, let us get it out the best way we
can. That is all there is to be said about it. I
would not authorize the Printer to transfer the
public printing, no matter what his circumstances
or qualifications.
Why, what gave rise to this law of the last
session ? The other side of the House elected a
gentleman, in the last Congress, very similarly
situated, with no means of doing the public print-
ing. He sold out the job, pocketed the profits,
and left for parts unknown. I believe he went
to Ohio. The House believed that that was an
improper mode of disposing of the offices and pat-
ronage of this Government, and they passed a
law to prohibit it in future. Now,sir,l wouldnot
repeal that law for the purpose of giving another
Printer, similarly situated and of different politics,
an opportunity to accomplish the same purpose.
In l egard to this motion to recommit, if the gen-
tleman from Maine had made the motion before
tho third reading of the bill, I should have thought
it exceedingly proper, in order that the joint reso-
lution might be amended; butif it is now recom-
mitted, after it has been engrossed and read a third
time, the committee can report no amendment to
it, because no amendment is in order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would inquire
of the gentleman from Ohio, if the committee could
not report a recommendation to the House that
the vote by which the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed be reconsidered.'
Mr. STANTON. Certainly they can report
such a recommendation; and the House can re-
consider without the recommendation of the com-
mittee just as well as with it. If the gentleman
from Maine will move to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was ordered to be engrossed, he
will accomplish the purpose he seeks now to ac-
complish. I shall vote, therefore, against the
recommitment. But as I can see no good object
to be accomplished by the resolution in any form,
either as it now stands or as it may be amended,
I am opposed to the whole scheme. Let the
House Primer take such printing as is ordered by
the House, fairly and legitimately, and have that
benefit and be done with it, and do not let us be
scrambling here after a little matter of public
j ^MrfcOLFAX. I desire to ask the gentleman
! from Ohio a question. I would ask him if lie has
i forgotten the fact that at the last session of Con-
1 o-1-ess he, with.me, voted against the adoption of
| this very section, now sought to be repealed, and
1 that it was carried by a party vote?
Mr. COLFAX. I do.
Mr. STANTON. I know that they did not
carry many things by a party vote. Wegenerally
beat them.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman voted against
it, and if he desires to be "consistent he ought to
vote now to repeal it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will yield now to the chair-
man of the Committee on Printing
Mr. GURLEY. I wish to say a few words
in reply to the gentleman from Virginia, _ [Mr.
Pry ok.] The object of this joint resolution is
precisely what I stated it to be in the beginning.
It gives to each House the control of its own
printing, without regard to profits or plunder, as
you call it. So far as we are concerned, we are
simply looking to the interests of this House, in
securing these documents fbr the use of members
at an early day. I care not for the profits of the
Erintmg. [Derisive laughter from the Democratic
enches.] I consider that any party which re-
ceives its profits is cursed by them. I conceive
that any plunder that belongs to the public print-
ing, or any other department of the Government,
is an incubus upon any party, and I would be
willing to transfer all the profits and plunder to
the other side of the House. [Laughter.] I
know they may be able to use it to advantage
temporarily. They may be able to use it .to ad-
vantage for electioneering purposes. Not so with
the Republican party. We cannot use money in
that sort of way. [Derisive laughter from the
Democratic benches.] We do not want plunder
at all; but we do want our work well done, speed-
ily done, so that members can have the Presi-
dent's message and accompanying documents be-
fore them when preparing their resolutions and -
bills.
I deny that the object of this resolution is to
divide plunder. It is not so. The simple object
is as I stated it in the beginning, and I think that,
although parties may suppose that they gain some-
thing by plunder, or by the profits of the public
printing, or of other departments—and they may
do so temporarily—in the long run, every party
is injured by such plunder or profits. The-best
illustration you can have of this is now in the
Senate of the United States. The developments
now being made there, and going forth to tho coun-
try , as to the uses made of the profits and plunder
of the printing, are showing to the country the
corrupt practices of the Democratic party, and
injuring them vastly more, perhaps, than any
other single consideration now before the public.
I simply wish, sir, to repel the insinuation that
the object of this joint resolution is to divide plun-
der. We do not want plunder. We want our
books and documents at the proper time. We
want the President's message and the accompany-
ing documents; and you will not have them till
next summer, unless you pass this resolution, or
something like it. As to the last part of the third
section of the law, providing that the printing
shall not bo transferred or sold out, I have no ob-
jection to its being retained; let an amendment
be made to that effect.
Mr. HOUSTON resumed the floor.
Mr. PENDLETON. With the permission of
the gentleman from Alabama, I desire to ask my
colleague a question.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, as there seems to oe
a little Ohio controversy, 1 will yield to the gen-
tleman. , , ,
Mr. PENDLETON. Not at all. I simply de-
sire to ask my colleague for an explanation m
reference to the clause of the resolution which
provides for half pay for compensation to each
Printer. Is the object of that provision that the
man who does the work shall receive but half the
nobodv would ask the Senate Printer to divide n urni u. •: r~--j ■
die profits o" the work which he is already en- 11 Mr STANTON. I do not remember anything
gaged on, with the House Printer, who has done 11 of tho kind.
Pa7'
while the man who does no work shall re-
ceive half the pay also ?
Mr. GURLEY. Each Printer receives half pay
for type-setting. We have a right to reduce the
PSMr. PENDLETON. Then I desire to ask if
the price now paid for composition is too high ?
air. GURLEY. Certainly; with half pay for
type-setting, the profits will be abundant, and
more than sufficient.
Mr. PENDLETON. Is the price now provid-
ed by law to be paid for composition to the Print-
ers of the House and Senate too large?
Mr. GURLEY. I think it is.
Mr. PENDLETON. Well, then, why do you
