76
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
Mr. DAVIDSON. With the permission of
the gentleman, I wish to say that if he desires to
continue his remarks, I will move that the House
now adjourn, and he can continue them to-mor-
row.
Mr. CORWIN. I shall conclude in a few mo-
rftents, if the House chooscs to listen to me.
[Cries of " Go on!"] "What I meant to say in
reference to the convention passing the resolution
was, that they never considered it, and I believe
that if it had been considered, the convention
would never have passed it in that form.
Mr. GARNETT. Did the gentleman oppose
its passage?'
Mr. CORWIN. I might have been remiss in
my duty upon that subject. That part of it which
denied the constitutionality of the fugitive slave
law was stricken out, and I did not feel anxious
about anything else.
Mr. GARTRELL. A great many of us upon
this side of the House wish to catechize the gen-
tleman, and I hope he will allow an adjourn-
ment until to-morrow. [Cries of "Go on!" and
"Agreed!"]
Mr. BURNETT. I hope the gentleman will
proceed, and that our friends will allow him to
do so without further interruption.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I wish to suggest
to the gentleman from Ohio to suspend all further
remarks to-day, and allow us to take a ballot and
then adjourn.
Mr. HILL. I hope that will not be done. I
desire to hear the remarks of the gentleman on
this subject. They may have some effect on the
vote for Speaker.
Mr. GARTRELL. I think the honorable gen-
tlemen •will consult the convenience of the House
by yielding to a motion to adjourn. [Cries of
"Go on!"]
Mr. CORWIN. I know it is bad enough to
inflict the House with anything I have to say,
and if they are tired of it, I will give way. [Cries
of "Go on!"] I prefer to go on.
I wish to state to everybody here that it is my
belief that the great majority of the people of Ohio,
comprehending all panics, do believe that the
Constitution requires eiihcr a State law or a con-
gressional act by which the South may recover
their fugitive slaves. The supreme court of Ohio
so decided, and as has been lemarked it was be-
cause of that decision, among other reasons, that
Judge Swan was defeated. But it was not be-
cause anybody had any objection to the judi-
cial qualifications of that gentleman. There was
another and I think a more powerful reason for
preferringMr. Gholson. it was desirable to have
a judge in the city of Cincinnati, and the whole
Cincinnati delegation took that ground. There
was some log-rolling about it. A few wanted
Judge Gholson—who they supposed would nullify
aUthatJudgeSwanhaddeeidcd. [AVoicf. "No!
No!"] That was what 1 understood. But if 1
had believed that he would come to that conclu-
sion, in spite of all the authorises upon that sub-
ject, I would have voted against him; nor would
*iune out of ten of the Republicans have voted for
any judge who would have nullified all the de-
cisions upon that point, as well by the State as
the Federal courts.
I have practiced under the law of 1793 for forty-
two years, and no lawyer, so far as i ever heard,
deemed that law unconstitutional until some one
broached the idea that Congress had no power
over slavery in any form. Ohio made a law pro-
viding for the recovery of fugitives, and made it
with the accord and concord of the State of Ken-
tucky. But when the case of Prigg decided that
Congress had the power, and that the States had
not the power, Ohio, in deference to the opinion
of the Supreme Court, repealed the law—a law
which J think was more convenient than that
which was passed in 1850.
I know there are men always trying to evade the
law. I know theie are men who h^Jp along fugi-
tive slaves and hide them; but whenever the fugi-
tives are found, there is not one of them that is
not delivered up. We do enforce these laws.
They tried to rescue a slav  at Oberlin. Did they
succeed? They did not. And where in any free
community can you not find indications that the
people arc about going to some foolish (.xtivmcs
m opposition to law? I assvrt that there is not a
State in the Confederacy, North or South, where
law is more uniformly enforad, rigidly and all
the time, than it is in Ohio, and the fugitive slave j
law among the rest. I have a right to know some- i
thing about it, fori have been a practicing lawyer, ■
in a small nisi prius way, for forty-two years, j
When that attempt was made to evade the pen- ;
alties of the lav/ of 1850, what did the courts do ?
They punished the offenders: they imprisoned
them; and when the people attempted to interfere
in the matter, Governor Chase went to that
meeting and advised them to go home and submit,
and they did so.
In 1794 the people of Pennsylvania would not
submit to a tax on whisky. They loved whisky,
and held that thry had an inalienable right to
drink it [laughter] without being taxed for it.
They got up a war about it, and a horse was shot.
That was in the administration of General Wash-
ington. During the administration of Mr. Jeffer-
son, Aaron Burr was tried for treason. So, in
every State of this Confederacy, there will be
times when misguided men will say they will not
have a law enforced which they do not like. This
fugitive slave law is founded on the Constitution
of the United States; but, as I have always con-
tended, if there was no lav/ on the subject, the
man who would come into our State and find his
runaway negro, would be allowed to retain him
and bring him hack. I have no doubt at all about
it. I know that if I were a judge—and it is a
great pity I am not, [laughter]—I would allow a
slave-owner to take back his slave, even though
there were no law on the subject. The Consti-
tution gives that right.
That being the case, I do not know what harm
this feeling does anybody. I frel myself as much
bound by the oath winch I take at (hat desk, (if
ever the time comes to swear us,) to maintain the
interests of South Carolina ao I do to maintain
the interests of Ohio. I think that the provision
in the Constitution which prescribes that the Rep-
resentatives of the whole people of the United
States shall be elected in districts, was designed
simply to entitle each district to a Representative
whom they knew; but when the Representatives
arc elected the man of South Carolina represents
Ohio, and the man of Ohio represents South Car-
olina, for the oath which he takes, in ofiicial form,
means that, and the laws he. may enact operate
all over the country. [Applause.J We all come
together. 1 can tell you what Ohio wants; you
can tell me what South Carolina wants; and, in
(rod's name, can we not agree? If we cannot,
Ictus agree to disagree. Do wc not all know
that the prosperity and strength of South Carolina
are the strength and prosperity of every portion
of the North r Do we not all know that the pop-
ulation and wealth of Boston add to the wealth
and power of South Carolina? Do we not all know
that whf.-n the time comes, if ever it shall come,
that any Power will be weak or wicked enough to
attempt to suhveit this Republic, that every man
in the Union would see the last drop of his Mood
poured out on the battle field before it should be
suln erted ? Do we not all feel that way ? If you
do not, I do. Forty-odd years ago'we were at
war with Great Britain. Ohio was a weak State
then. She had not then, as she has now, popula-
tion'and wealth and power. She was so weak that
slv* was unable to defend her own frontiers against
the incursions of the barbarians—the northwest-
ern Indians led on by Tecumseh and allied with
the best English regular troops. I remember,
then, that Virginia came to our rescue. Ken-
tucky, with her usual alacrity, marched ten thou-
sand of the best and bravest of her people to the
frontiers of Ohio, Many hundreds of those brave
men left their bones to whiten the battle fields of
the then unprotected frontier of Ohio. I will not
forget this while 1 have a vote or a voice in the
councils of this Union of States.
We have no occasion to quarrel over this sub-
ject, if we only knew each other',? hearts. Men
talk of the rights of the North and of the rights
of the South. Ii will not do to consider the sub-
ject m that light. I know that the people of the
South do really believe that there is a combination
of politicians at theNorth to take away from them
some right which they have under the Constitu-
tion. How can that happen? I know that ques-
tions of policy may be decided wrong, but I also
know that no constitutional right w hich the South
lias can be taken from her. /f the constitutional
right of any citizen is jeopardized, he can bring
the question from a State court into a Federal
court here. In 1833, there was a dispute in South
Carolina about the constitutionality of duties
levied on foreign goods. The people of that State
thought that the law was unconstitutional, and
the State court, I believe, decided that it was.
That was a more dangerous crisis than any that
can be conjured up by these fabulous specters
which we invoke now. That, passed by, and
has not South Carolina since that been happy
under the Constitution, and has not she grown
rich in the Union? This very peculiar descrip-
tion of property has risen in value under the ad-
ministration of the Federal Government very
greatly, from that or from some other cause.
What danger is there that this particular property
is to be destroyed? I assure everybody that the
Republican party is not a sectional party, and
docs not aim to destroy any rights of property,
anywhere. I know not why it should be called
so. As I have said, its doctrines are precisely
the doctrines of the founders of this Government.
Is there any question to be taken during this ses-
sion, that we know of, touching the relations of
master and slave? The Territory of Washington
is organized. The Territory of Utah does not
present any issue which raises the question of
slavery.
Where in our domain else can this question
come up? Now, shall we anticipate ? Will not
such a course be productive of mischief? And in
reference to the sentiments of Mr. Seward—Mr.
Seward is a very respectable man. I shall draw
no comparison between him and others; he has
the confidence of a great and powerful State; but
if there is any difference between him and others
on great questions, let us leave that to whom it
may concern. What I desire, what all, I think,
should now desire—is that if we are to discuss
these questions wc should organize the House.
If you do not choose to elect the gentleman I
have nominated, select a better one if you can find
a better one. I think if we can get m this House
a gentleman and an honorable man in that chair,
wc should put him there now immediately, in some
way or other. I attach no such importance to the
election as other gentlemen seem to. I do not see *
how a Speaker in that chair can prevent ama-
ority of the House from doing as they please; I
would like to see him do it. I do not believe it
possible. I suppose we must organize the House
m some way or other, and really it seems to me
that what we call this preliminary discussion is
somewhat out of place. Let us remember that
we have work to do. When the House is organ-
ized we can discuss these questions m a legitimate
way; and when we come to consider our ways, I
should esteem him the best friend I have on the
face of the earth who will satisfy me that the
doctiincs which I hold on these subjects are
wron°. I should like now to move to lay this
whole subject on the table.
Mr. COX obtained the floor.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I ask the gentleman to
give way, to enable me to move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. COX. No, sir; I prefer to go on now.
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 merely desire to have
it understood that there is to bo no vote taken to-
night.
Several Members. Certainly not.
Mr. COX. Mr. Clerk, I wish that some other
member from the State from which I come would
answer the very facetious and sophistical argu-
ment of my colleague from the district near my
own, [Mr. Corwin.] I do not think, sir, that ho
differs so much from the Democratic party as per-
haps his position here might load us to believe.
But I do not believe that the masses of the Re-
publican party in the State of Ohio approve of his
sentiments as here enunciated. I have always
thought m my own mind, that the distinguished
gentleman—and I have always quietly given him
a great deal of credit for it—went into the Repub-
lican party with his national sentiment.'?, for the
purpose of breaking down its sectionalism and de-
stroying its distinctive features. But his speech
to-day ought not to go to the country without
some*response from a Democratic member from
his own State. This response I will endeavor to
give, without premeditation or preparation.
Mr. Clerk, it seems to me proper, as the nom-
inee presented by the Republican party for Speaker
is a Republican from the State of Ohio, that the
politics of the Republican party of that State, of
