1096
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
Hot introduce a resolution orembody a provision
in this resolution by which the price shall be cut
down one half, instead of dividing it only, by
providing that the man who does the work shall
Receive h^lf the amount now allowed, while an-
other person who does none of the composition,
receives the other half?
Mr. GURLEY. • We are perfectly willing that
each Printer shall receive half pay for composi-
tion; and we go further, and say that we are wil-
ling down the present price of composition.
The present Printers of the House and Senate
were elected subject to the decision of Congress
on this very subject,
Mr. PENDLETON. As 1 understand my col-
league, he is willing to do that which 1 say is a
great abuse. This resolution provides—and I un-
derstand him to admit that i-,iy interpretation of
it is correct—that the price for composition, now
provided by law to be paid to the Printer who
does the work, shall be divided between the man
who does the work and the roan who does it not,
each taking half price.
Mr. GURLEY. As the law now stands, the
Senate Printer gets full pay ■ The Senate monop-
olizes the printing of both Houses of Congress,
and the Printer of the House receives no pay. I
propose to divide the pay by dividing the work.
Mr. PENDLETON. I understand that the
Printer of the House gets pay for all the work
that he does, and the Printer of the Senate gets
pay for all the work he does.
Mr. GURLEY. But the Senate have ordered
nearly all the work, and the House Printer gets
nothing, so far as reports and documents are con-
cerned.
Mr. PENDLETON. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to correct the abuse of which he complains
: by giving that which ought to go to the Printer
Who does the work to the man who does not do
it? If the Senate has monopolized all the printing
of the two Houses of Congress, there ought to
he a means of preventing that abuse.
Mr. GURLEY. The joint resolution is pro-
spective; it does not look to or affect any printing
already ordered.
Mr. PENDLETON. I understand that.
Mr. GURLEY. It is solely prospective in its
operation, and simply allows the Printer for each
House to do the work ordered by that House,
independent of the other.
Mr. PENDLETON. I do not understand that
the resolution of the gentleman proposes to divide
the work—not at all. What the gentleman pro-
goses, as 1 understand it, is, that the Printer of the
enatc shall, as he does under the present law,
do the work ordered by both Houses upon such
documents as have been first ordered to be printed
by the Senate, but that the Printer of the House
.shall receive half compensation for such work.
Mr. GURLEY. The resolution provides that
when documents are ordered by both Houses,
e'ach Printer .shall have half pay for composition.
Mr. PENDLETON. Docs the Printer for the
House .do half the work?
Mr. GURLEY. I repeat, that the work or-
dered by each House is done by its own Printer,
and,each receives half pay for composition.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. John Coch-
rane m the chair.) The Chair must beg gentle-
men not to indulge in this colloquial debate.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 desire to understand
the effect of the measure proposed. Now, sir, I
do not understand, by any means, that, under this
proposed change in the law, when a work is or-
dered to be printed by both Houses, the Printer
of each House is to do one half the work and re-
ceive half the pay, but the effect will be that the
Printer of one House will do all the work, al-
though both Printers are to have the pay. It is
certainly not contemplated that the work shall be
set up two or three times.
Mr. GURLEY. 1 say to the gentleman, what
I have already repeated, that the Printer of each
House is to do the printing ordered by that House,
and to receive half the pay now received for com-
position.
Mr. PENDLETON. Mr. Speaker, I under-
stand very well what the object of this measure is.
It is to compel a partnership between the Printers
of the twe Houses.
Mr. GURLEY. It provides that each shall
have half pay for composition, but it does not
eompel or favor any partnership.
The SPEAKER pro tempore The Chair must
again request gentlemen not to indulge in this
colloquial debate. It is the duty of every gentle-
man, when he rises, to address the Chair. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Pendleton] is enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. PENDLETON. Well, Mr. Speaker, I
was going on to say that I think I understand
perfectly the object and effect of this joint reso-
lution. It is to compel a partnership between the
Printers of the two Houses; because it is not to
be supposed that the Printer of each House will
perform this work of composition. The Senate
orders a document to be printed, and the Printer
for the Senate proceeds to put it in type; the
House then orders the same document to be
printed; it is not to be supposed that, with the
document already in type, the Printer of the
House will proceed to reset it. No, sir; the effect
will be to compel a combination to be formed be-
tween the Printers of the two Houses, by which
the work will all be done by the Printer of the
House which first orders the document to be
printed, although the other receives half the pay
for composition.
Mr. GrURLEY. The resolution certainly does
not contemplate a combination, whatever may be
the effect. The object of the resolution is stated
in its terms. It is, that the Printer of each House
shall, by himself, do the work ordered by that
House, and receive half pay for composition.
The Printer of the House is not to do the work of
the Senate, nor the Printer of the Senate to do the
work of the House; but each is to be independent
of the other.
Mr. PENDLETON. Then why do you pro-
pose to give each Printer but half pay for com-
position, if he is to do thg whole work?
Mr. GURLEY. Because we think that is suf-
ficient.
Mr. PENDLETON. I do not say the object
contemplated in drawing up this resolution was to
compel the Printers of the two Houses to form a
combination or to enter into a partnership. I do
not say what was the object m drawing up the
resolution; but I say that will be the effect. I do
not see how, if the price now paid for composition
is legitimate and reasonable, the Printers of the
two Houses can afford to set up the type for half
pay. No, sir; the effect will be that one Printer
only will do it. If the price is too high, reduce
it; but do not divide it. Let the Government have
the advantage of the change, and not the House
Printer.
Mr. HASKIN. As a member of the Commit-
tee on Printing, I desire to be heard on this joint
resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. FLORENCE. Do 1 understand that the
gentleman "from Alabama is retaining the floor
indefinitely, with power to assign it to whom he
plesises? Because, if that is the understanding, I
desire to occupy it myself for a very short period,
if he will graciously consent. If he will give me
five minutes, I am willing to be limited to that
time.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am willing to give the
gentleman from Pennsylvania five minutes when
the gentleman from New York [Mr Haskin]
shall have finished.
Mr. HASKIN I desire to say that I con-
curred with my colleague on the Committee on
Printing [Mr Gurley] in the joint resolution
which is now before the House. Since I have
heard the discussion which has taken placc to-day
against the measure, I have become satisfied that
its provisions are not understood by the House.
The design of this resolution—for I desire to be
frank in my statement—is to give to this House,
in its organization, the patronage that legitimately
belongs to it. It is designed by this joint resolu-
tion that the Printer elect of the House shall have
the power to do the printing which the House
itself may order.
It will be recollected, Mr. Speaker, by the
House—certainly by the members who were here
during the last Congress—that at the last session,
and near the close of it, a bill was passed, the ef-
fect of which was to give to the Printer of the
Senate a virtual monopoly of nearly all the print-
ing of Congress. That bill provided that the
Printer of the House first ordering a document to
be printed should do the work for both Houses
so far as that document was concerned. Well,
sir, under that law, the Senate being the smaller
body, much more a close corporation than this
House, and being always on the qui rite for pat-
ronage, will get almost the entire amount of the
public printing.
Now, up$n this subject of the public printing,
permit me to say, as a member of the Printing
Committee, that I will vote most cheerfully for
the erection of a Government printing office, or
for any other plan which will immediately dis-
pense with the infamous amount of plunder con-
nected with the, public printing, tending to cor-
rupt as well the Democratic party as the Repub-
lican party.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman from New York whether, under the ex-
isting contract with the Printer of the House and
the Printer of the Senate, it is not within the ju-
risdiction of the House to fix the rates of compen-
sation for the public printing; and whether, under
this joint resolution, if it shall become a law, the
rate of compensation will not become settled, and
that advantage yielded?
Mr. HASKIN. The advantage is not yielded;
and for this reason: the Senate having elected its
Printer, and having elected as such Printer Gen-
eral George W. Bowman, the editor and propri-
etor of the Constitution newspaper, any bill pro-
posing reform, and impairing his vested rights in
the public printing, certainly would not pass the
other branch of the national Legislature.
Now, sir, the great profit connected with this
corrupting system of public plunder growing out
of the public printing, consists in the printing of
the executive documents. That printing costs
about one hundred thousand dollars a year. It is
performed by the Printer of the Senate, and yields,
as I am informed, a profit of about seventy cents
on the dollar. General George W. Bowman,the
Printer of the Senate, as I have said, has the print-
ing of these executive documents. He also has
the printing of the other branch of Congress; and
under the law passed at the heel of the last ses-
sion of Congress, he has also virtually a monop-
oly of the printing of this House.
I am opposed to sucli a system. I say that
this House ought to have its own work given to,
and executed by, its own Printer. I do not mince
matters. I am frank in saying what is my opin-
ion; and I repeat that 1 think this House is enti-
tled to dispose of its own patronage. But when
I say this, I say also that I will go cheerfully
with any and all parties in correcting this system
of public plunder, which I think ought not to
exist under any civilized Government. It is a
fund, sir, which has been used by the Democratic
party to control congressional elections in Penn-
sylvania, to sustain a Government organ here,
and to sustain the Pennsylvanian, and the Even-
ing Argus newspapers, in the city of Philadel-
phia. I am opposed to it because it has been
used for such purposes.
Mr. HINDMAN. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me that I may put a question to him
Mr. HASKIN. Certainly, sir.
Mr. HINDMAN. The gentleman has referred
to the printing fund for the purpose of sustaining
party newspapers. I ask him now whether, in
the Republican caucus, a proposition was not
made, and favorably listened to, by one of the
Republican candidates for the office of Printer of
this House, to divide off a part of the printing
spoils for a purpose similar to that referred to by
the gentleman from New York?
  Mr. HASKIN. Yes, sir; and that proposition
defeated the individual whose friends made it for
him.
Mr. HINDMAN. Was not that man there-
after nominated by the Republican party ?
Mr. HASKIN. He was; and he was not elected
because of that very proposition.
Mr. HINDMAN. Did not the gentleman vote
for his nomination in the Republican caucus?
Mr. HASKIN. It was not called a caucus; it
was called a conference.
Mr. HINDMAN. I am not particular to know
by what name it was called; and,further, did not
the gentleman vote for that man in this House ?
Mr. HASKIN. I did vote for him in the House,
because* 1 felt bound by the action, not of the cau-
cus, but of the conferencc, where I was treated as
an ally, and not as one belonging to the Repub-
lican party.
Mr. HINDMAN Is the gentleman now ad-
