1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
you die." Sir, X have stood and heard land cried
that was worth twenty dollars an acre, in conse-
quenee of the improvements upon it; and the
agent of the township association gave the name
of the settler, and said " settler;" and it would be
no use to say how much that land was worth.
The speculators were there, ready to give their
tens and their twenties for that man's improve-
ments; but they knew they would die if they bid
against the settler; and the settler got it.
Now, sir, 1 am not discussing the question
whether that was right or wrong, but that, was
the practical result of the land sales before your
preemption law. Your preemption law only had
the effect of enabling the settler to go forward and
pay for and get his land at §1 25 an acre, instead
of using his rifle or his pistol upon the specula-
tor. Then the speculators would wait, and do
now wait. They all go-to the land sales. They
carry money enough there to sweep dlfcthe good
lands of the country; but the preemption law re-
quires the speculators to wait until the settlers all
get through. Then they come in and sweep all
the next best lands with your land warrants and
your scrip, and hold them up at high prices for
speculation against the settler, and tliey get land
in large quantities. We were told the other day,
and told truly, that large districts of country in
Iowa, which were thus swept by the speculators,
remained now a desert waste, while just across
the line, in Minnesota, where the lands were not
brought into the market, and practically the home-
stead principle was applied, every quarter section
had its settlement upon it, and its good citizens
cultivating the land. Why this vast difference?
It is because in the one State you carried on the
system of allowing the speculator to come in on
an equality with the settler; in the other, the
principle of the homestead was applied by the
executive branch of this Government in refusing
to order land sales. That is the difference.
The effect of this amendment is, that there shall
be one dollar an acre difference between the spec-
ulator and the settler; that the actual settler may
take land at twenty-five cents, and that the spec-
ulator shall pay |l 25. But the Senator from
Ohio says the speculator will send m advance his
asents to go and get a claim under the homestead.
Sir, do you think that, in order to reduce a tract
of land from $1 25 an acre to twenty-five cents,
the speculator will send his agent there to hold the
land five years, and pay five years' salary in order
to save $100? No, sir. You protect the settler
against the speculator, by requiring five years'
residence under this bill,and cultivation upon the
land. The speculator cannot bear the expense of
keeping a settler for five years in order to reduce
the price. It would cost him three times as much
as he would gam by it. This bill, therefore, fur-
nishes the only efficient preventive against this
system of fraud and speculation that 1 have seen
devised.
1 am aware that the effect of this bill, with my
amendment, will be to make the public lands cease
to be a large source of revenue. I do not think
the country will suffer by withdrawing that source
of revenue, and for this leason: any one who will
trace the reports of the sales of the public lands
for the last thirty years, will find that whenever
the country was prosperous; whenever the im-
ports were great; whenever money was plenty,
and you had a surplus revenue in the Treasury
that you did not know what to do with, your
land sales ran up to ten, twelve, fifteen, twenty,
or twenty-four million dollars a year; but the
moment a revulsion came, and money became
scarce and your imports began to fall off, the land
sales stopped: you could scarcely get a dollar
into the Treasury during the very years you
needed it most. This source of revenue failed
you when you wanted it, and poured m upon
you when you did not want it and did not know
what to do with it. It creates a surplus when
tile surplus becomes a curse to you, and fails you
when you need it to supply the deficiency in the
Treasury. This very system of public land sales
is one of the causes of pecuniary revulsions in
this country, and it will benefit the country, ben-
efit the Treasury, benefit the commercial commu-
nity and till- moneyed affairs of the entire Union,
to have this system cut off. It will remain par-
tially under the bill where lands are entered for
speculation, but it will be cut off in regard to the
actual settler. He pays only twenty-five cents
an acre, which is about the cost of the adminis-
tration of the land system.
Mr. MASON. I wish to ask the Senator from
Illinois whether the effect of this amendment will
not be to enable the preemptioncrs, who now are
such, to take thefl- preemption lands at a quarter
of a dollar an acre?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Unquestionably.
Mr. MASON. Sol supposed. Then the effect
of it will be to bring us to that condition which
we have all along looked to on our side: there is
a class of the population of the country who are
to receive a moneyed bounty from the Treasury.
The first objection to this whole scheme of giv-
ing away the public lands was, that you made
them a gratuity in lands; and it was said that, in
constitutional right or in fair dealing under the
Constitution, yon might just as well give them
money from the Treasury. Now you are brought
to it,because,as the preemptoris to take his pre-
emption land at one fifth of the price which he
stipulated to pay, the operation is, that the Gov-
ernment concedes to him four fifths of the debt
that he owes the Government—and to whom ? To
one class of people, a separate and favored class
certainly, because they were allowed to go and
settle on the public lands on terms that they
should exclude all competition, and take them at
an established Government price of $1 25. Now,
if the amendment offered by the Senator from Illi-
nois prevails, the Government will cede to them,
as a bounty, as an alms, a gratuity of four fifths
of the debt which they contracted, and which
was secured upon their homesteads. That is the
effect of it. Well, it is pretty bad; but I do not
know that it is much worse than the general pol-
icy inaugurated by this new scheme in relation
to the public lands. It is pretty bad because it
separates a class, and makes them the beneficia-
ries to the exclusion of others. I would ask that
honorable Senator what earthly difference there
is, in fact, between giving to the preemptioner
that money in gold out of the Treasury, and for-
giving to the preemptioner, as a debtor to the
Government, four fifths of a perfectly secured
debt? There is none in the world; but that is
proposed for a separated class, and not only a
separated class, but a class that is local or sec-
tional—a class in the new States.^
If I understand the whole policy of this new
scheme in relation to the public lands, it is to
overthrow that upon which the Government has
been administered for more than a quarter of a
century. What was the scheme in relation to the
public lands? The Government is not the pur-
chaser of the public lands as an independent pur-
chaser. The Government of necessity becomes
the owner of the public lands, in order to extin-
guish the Indian title, and to get rid of the Indian
tribes. Tlus is foiccd upon it by the necessity
of its position. It is not a voluntary purchaser.
It does not go into market and buy lands for the
purpose of speculation; but it is of necessity the
purchaser, because of the exigency of its posi-
tion. Thus, as I have always understood, the
policy of the Government was, treating it as trust
for the benefit of the whole—not of the States
alone in which the lands lie, but as a part of a
common fisc,to put thelands speedily into mar-
ket; to bring settlers upon them, by offering them
to public sale and competition, where all stood
on an equality with a right to buy; and in con-
tinuance of the same policy, where lands did not
sell at public sale, to open them at once to private
entry, at a fixed price, a low price—.$1 23 per
 a very low price. Now, the scheme m the
bill that came from the House was to give them
away. That substituted by the honorable Sena-
tor from Tennessee, with some modifications in
the details, was of tile same character—to give
them away.. This, as a substitute, is to preserve
a wretched form of constitutional right—all that
seems to be left of the Constitution; its substance
;g „nne—and it is to preserve a wretched form of
constitutional right by asking a nominal price-
when the Senator from Illinois, by his amend-
ment, opens the whole domain, whether subject
to private entry or not, whether it has been of-
fered for general competition or not, and offers it
all to this nominal price; and favors this sepa-
rated class, in separated sections, by giving to
them the equivalent of gold in the Treasury, y
forgiving them four fifths of their whole debt.
That is the proposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is en
the amendment of the Senator.from Illinois. , -
Mr. PUGH called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 26, nays 31; as follows:
■YEAS—Messrs. Anthony,Bingham,Cameron, Chandler,
Clark, Oollamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Douglas, Durltee, Foot,
Foster, Grimes, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, King, It lee, Seward;
Sinmions, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkin-
son, and Wilson—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bigler, Bragg, Bright, Brown,
Chesnut, Clay, Clingman, Davis, Fitzpatrick, Green, Gwin,
Hammond, Hempl.il!, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkan-
sas, johnson of Tennessee, Lane, Latmtm, Mason. Nich-
olson, 1'earee, Polk, Powell, Pugii, Sebastian, Slidell.
Toombs, Wiglall, and Ytllee—31.
So the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is still one
amendment, that was made in Committee of the
Whole, that has not been disposed of. It is in
section eleven, line four, to strike out "five," so
that it will read "thirty years."
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RICE. Is it in order now to offer an
amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator may
offer an amendment to the amendment.
Mr. RICE. I offer this.
The VICEPRESIDENT. The Chair will state
to the Senator from Minnesota that what he sends
to the -Chair appears to be an independent prop-
osition entirely.
Mr. RICE. Is it in order to offer it as an in-
dependent proposition ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not at present.
There is an amendment before the Senate, on which
the yeas and nays are ordered."
Mr. RICE. I suppose I can offer it afterwards.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. IVERSON. I hav£ paired off with the
honorable Senator from Vermont [Mr. Foot] on
every question connccted with this bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yens 28, nays 26; as follows:
YKAS—Messis. Bigler, Bmjham, Bright, Brown, Clay,
Davis, Doolittle, Douglas, Durkee, Fitzpatrlck, Green,
Grimes', Gwin, Hammond, Hunter, Lane, Latham, Nichol-
son, Polk, Powell, Pugh, ftiee, Sebastian, Sew aid, Shdell,
Toombs, Wiiifail, ami Yuiee—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Biagg, Cameron,
Chandler,Ohesnut, Claik,Clingman,Collamer, Dixon, Fos-
ter, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Hemphill, Johnson of Arkansas,
Johnson ot Tennessee, King, Mason, Pearce, Simmons,
Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—26.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. WADE. I want to make one more effort
to get what I call a homestead bill, and therefore
I move to strike out all after the enacting clause
of this bill, and substitute the bill of the House.
I do not wish to argue it. I will call for the
yeas and nays on the motion. Tliatisall I have
to say upon it. .
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Chair
understand that the Senator from Minnesota pro-
poses now to offer the amendment he has sent up ?
Mr. RICE. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the question
is on the following amendment, offered by the
Senator from Minnesota, in section eleven, line
three, to strike out after the word " unsold" the
following words :
-- After the lapse of thirty years shall be, and the same are
hereby, ceded to the State m which the same may be sit-
uated."
And to insert:
After the. lapse of five years, shall be transferred to the
States ill which they seveially lie, upon the condition that
each State so receiving public land shall annually pay to
the General Government — per cent, upon such amount as
shall have been disposed of within the current year.
So that the clause will read:
That the lands l\ing Within the limits of a State which
have been subject to sale at private entry, and which re-
main unsold after the lapse of five years, shall be trans-
lerred to the States in which they severally lie, upon the
condition that each State so receiving public land shall an-
nually pay to the General Government— per cent, upon
such amount as shall have been disposed of within the cur-
rent year.
Mr. RICE. In that amendment I am merely
following out the old custom of the Senate and the
House, by leaving the amount blank; and there-
fore I wish the Senate to fix the amount.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will move to put m fifty
per cent.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed -
to.
