78
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
Giddings himself, who was compelled to stay at
home, because, in an unguarded moment, he voted
for the Montgomery-Crittenden bill, which per-
mitted the people of a Territory to form a consti-
tution recognizing slavery. How that may be, I
know not; but in pursuance of my other state-
ment, I will refer to the Appendix of the Congres-
sional Globe, of the same session,page 418, where
there has been some modification of that sentiment
of Mr. Giddings, but not such-a modification, as
to destroy the murderous force and seditious intent
of the extract cited by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Nelson.]
What I want to show, particularly to my
colleague, [Mr Corwin,] who does not differ from
me so much on this subject, is that in the last
campaign in Ohio, he was supporting a platform
entirely different from his sentiments here pro-
claimed. He aided a man placod upon that plat-
form who had no affinity with his doctrines in re-
lation either to the fugitive slave law, or to the
perpetuity of the Union, or the sanctity of the
constitutional compact.
Mr. CORWIN. Are not the doctrincs I put
forward to-day the same as those avowed in Ohio
by Governor Dennison ?
Mr. COX. The gentleman asks me whether
or not the doctrines he has put forth to-day are
not the exact doctrines of Governor Dennison ?
I will answer. The gentleman sustained Gov-
ernor Dennison. But mark you! at the same
revolutionary meeting, Governor Dennison was
present 
Mr. CORWIN. No, he was not.
Mr. COX. He was present, as I was about to
say, by letter; more significant, because more
premeditated, than by personal presence. And
at that meeting, which %vas called for the purpose
of breaking down the law and the Constitution,
this letter from Governor Dennison, dated May
20, 1859, was read. I will read the concluding
paragraphs:
" Let me express my ardent hope that the proceedings
of your convention may be such as will permanently con-
tribute to tiic advancement of the sacred pri nciples of free-
dom, justice, and humanity, which have been so violently
assailed by the impiisomnent in your county jail of Plumb
and Peek and their devoted colleagues, under tho insult-
ing provisions o 1 the fugitive slave act.'5
What docs that mean ? My venerable friend
here says 
Mr. CORWIN. Not venerable, if jrou please.
Mr. COX. Well, my young friend from Ohio,
then—in the presence ofthe ladies, [Laughter]—
my young friend from Ohio says he supported
Mr. Dennison, who was the embodiment of the
principles of the party, and he sustained him in
all his principles and all his conduct.
Mr. CORWIN. ] ask if Governor Dennison
did not, in all his speeches in Ohio, advance the
same doctrines as I did?
Mr. COX, If Governor Dennison advanced the
same doctrines as the gentleman, then he must
have run counter to his own most deliberate writ-
ten statement. He says, in effect—" You Plumb,
and you Peek", and all your 'devoted colleagues'
now in jail for breaking the law of the United
States—you men who have rescued from tho Uni-
ted States officers one properly in their charge;
you who were guilty of breaking' the law and the
Constitution, you were engaged in the cause of
liberty, humanity, and justice"—forsooth! And
the gentleman says he sustained Mr. Dennison,
and sustained the sentiments Dennison advocated.
If he sustained him, he sustained for justice that
which breaks down the courts; he. sustained that
for humanity and liberty, which will break down
the Constitution, which under God is the best and
the most refinud system of civil polity that God
ever vouchsafed to man for civil government.
[Great applause.]
Mr. ASIILEY. Did not the so-called Demo-
cratic party sustain Judge Ranney? And did
not Ranney oppose the fugitive slave law?
Mr. COX. As to the last question—no, sir!
Judge Ramtey stood by the fugitive slave law,
after it was enacted. 'Yes, and the old Whig
paity, too, in 1850, of which Dennison was a
member, of which lie was the presidential elector,
approved in their platform the compromise meas-
ures, including the fugitive slave law, as a finality
on that subject. The genileman near me, [Mr.
Bingham,] 1 believe, then sustained the same meas-
ures. But last year they were found m conven-
tion voting against that finality. They regarded
it as a dead letter. It was of no consequence any
longer with reference to this Government. The
comity between the States was nothing. They
yielded to the " pressure " referred toby the gen-
tleman, [Mr. Corwin,] which came from the Re-
serve.
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand my colleague
to make the remark that, in the year 1850, I ap-
proved of the fugitive slave act. I beg leave to
say that my colleague has fallen unintentionally
into a great mistake in reference to that. In 1850,
according to my recollection, and I do not think
I am mistaken, there was a convention in session
in the city of Nashville which had for its avowed
object the disruption and destruction of the Amer-
ican Union and Constitution. A convention was
called in Cincinnati for the purpose of denounc-
ing 
Several Voices. Thatisnotso.
Mr. COX. I ask you simply whether you
sustained the fugitive slave law ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I tell the gentleman that I
did no such thing.
Mr. COX. I am satisfied with the gentleman's
answer.
Mr. BINGHAM. But will the gentleman do
me the justice to permit me to state what I did do ?
Mr. COX. I ask you whether you did or not,
at Cincinnati, at a Union meeting, make a speech
sustaining the compromise measures of 1850, in-
cluding the fugitive slave law ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I did no such thing.
Mr. COX. Then, sir, you were wrongly re-
ported in the city papers.
Mr. BINGHAM. And in the same city paper
I am reported as dissenting openly and publicly
in that speech to a resolution which declared that
law.eonstitutional; and I dissent from it to-day as
I did then. The speech to which I refer was very
imperfectly reported in the papers.
Mr. COX. Oh! that was it! Do you agree
with my distinguished friend [Mr. Corwin] in
regard to its constitutionality?
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not agree with him or
any other man as to its being constitutional.
Mr. COX, Then, where are wc to find any
harmony in the Republican party on this subject?
Mr. BINGHAM. I answer by saying,'that
you will find no such harmony in your own party.
Mr. COX. That is no answer, sir. Our dis-
tinguished friend [Mr. Corwin] who spoke to-
day, says that he is the embodiment of that party;
and the gentleman here [Mr. Bingham] must be
a rebel. Mr. Clerk, I do not understand where
the head or the tail of the Republican party is.
Is the gentleman [Mr. Corwin] the head or the
tail? [Great laughter.] 1 think of it, as the Irish-
man thought of the elephant—" there is sure a tail
at both ends of the animal." [Great laughter.]
Now, I ask my distinguished friend, who is
the candidate for Speaker, [Mr. Sherman,]
whether or not he believes in the constitutionality
of the fugitive slave law? I hope my friend will
do me the courtesy to answer this question. It
is a serious matter. It relates to one of the com-
promises of the Constitution; one of the sacred
compacts under which tho Republic was organ-
ized, and without which it could not have been
made and could not continue to exist.
Mr. SHERMAN. I decline, as I did the other
day, to answer any interrogatories.
Mr. COX. I did not hear my colleague.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will repeat it: I decline
to answer the interrogatory of my colleague, as
he knew I would; and I will state to him, and to
gentlemen on the other side of the House, that I
stand upon my public record. I do not expect
the support of gentlemen on that side of the
House, who have, for the last four years, been
engaged in a series of measures—none of which
I approve. I have no answers to give to them.
[Applause and hisses.]
Mr. COX. I do not know what contest in the
last four years upon which the gentleman has so
conspicuous a record. If it was 111 relation to sla-
very in the Territories, or the admission of new
States, I do not think his record is so very definite
upon that subject that he can treat my question
so cavalierly; for when the State of Oregon came
here with a constitution which was free and
made by the people—free, and made so by enough
of them, where was the record of the present can-
didate for Speaker, then ? Why, sir, when that
vote was taken, or just before it was taken, when
ho had a chance to manifest his sympathy for free-
dom in favor of a free State on the Pacific, which
was knocking at the door for admission, how did
he treat those noble Republicans who cry aloud
for freedom in his State? Why, by going pre-
cipitately out of yonder door. [Roars ofTau
ter and applause.1
Mr. SHERMAN. Did I understand my col-
league to allude to me as evading a vote ?
Mr. COX. I saw the gentleman in the Hall
before the vote was taken—but a few moments be-
fore.
Mr. SHERMAN. Upon what question?
Mr. COX. The Oregon question.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Clerk, allow me to
say to my colleague 
Members on the Democratic side. Don't yield
to him. He declines to answer questions.
Mr. COX. I will hear my colleague.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to my colleague
that I never evade a vote. Uniformly, upon all
questions relating to the admission of Oregon, 1
voted against it. I was engaged at the time of the
final vote on a special committee of this House,
and I went down to the committee room with a
gentleman on the other side.
Mr. COX. And yet every other member of
your committee was here to vote at the time the
vote was taken ! Mr. Clerk, the gentleman says
he voted against the admission of Oregon in all
its preliminary stages, but when it came to the
cap-sheaf—when there was a fair opportunity of
extending the last vote of welcome to the expected
sister State—when there was chance to put the
apex upon freedom's pyramid—ho was not there!
Now, 1 only wish to expose to the country and
the House the inconsistent, heterogeneous ele-
ments which make up this mosaic, called Repub-
licanism in Ohio. What are they? Mr. Dennison,
their candidate for Governor, as I have already
said, was an old line Whig in 1850, was a Gen-
eral Scott elector in 1852, and sustained the plat-
form of the Whig party, which said the fugitive
slave law and the compromises of 1850 were a
finality. He changed round this year; and, by
the aid of the distinguished gentleman who last
spoke, [Mr. Corwin,] was made Governor of
Ohio, by the votes of the Western Reserve men
to whom he bowed in the dust. By the letter 1
have quoted, you will see that he changed all his
notions as to the fugitive slave act and the com-
promises of 1850. He hailed the infraction of the
Constitution as justice; he hailed the breaking of
the law as liberty; he hailed the rescuing of tho
lawbreakers as humanity. And then he went
out to the people of Ohio and undertook to say,
in his speeches to one portion of our people, that
he was an old line Whig, and in another portion
he sang the Marseilles Hymn with these Oberlin
gentlemen. Now, I propose to read the rest of
his letter. I wish to show who was the candi-
date sustained by these national Republicans from
Ohio, including tho gentleman, [Mr. Corwin.]
He said further:
"And that in the contest between the antagonisms of
freedom and slavery, forced upon us by the southern oli-
garchy and its northern allies, we may at all times prove
ourselves worthy descendants of tile heroic founders of the
Ilepublie, who deelaied one of the great purposes of the
Federal Constitution to be the securing to themselves and
their posterity 4 the blessings of liberty,;
"Accept the assurance of my sincere regard personally,
and my uncompromising hostility to slavery and despotism
in evciy form.51
Well now, sir, what further took place at the
meeting to which this letterwas addressed? Why,
I will tell you. Mr. Giddings, whose sentiments
were the natural antecedents and causes of the
Harper's Ferry affair, dismissed that convention
of ten thousand with a benediction, and they all
came down to the city of Columbus, black and
white, to find out whetheror not the supreme court
would decide adversely to the constitutionality of
the fucitive slave law. They thought they had
it all right. Judge Swan's! time was nearly out.
They thought they would hold this Abolition rod
from Cleveland over him. But, before I go fur-
ther upon this point, allow me to say that Gov-
ernor Chase was at that meeting in Cleveland, but
he did not counsel exactly as my distinguished
friend [Mr. Corwin] has said he did. He did not
i counsel them to fight this matter at the ballot-box
Itogether. He got up in that meeting of disor-
;anizers and revolutionists with their Marseilles
-Iynm, and their cries and shrieks of "down
