1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
with the fugitive slave law !" and he laid his hand
upon his heart, or that particular part of his an-
atomy where his heart is supposed to reside, {ap-
plause and hisses,] and he said:
" Some of the most respected citizens of the State, whom
he had-known for years, had done what they believed to be
right, and which not one man in ten thousand would look
up into the blue sky, with his hand on his heart, and say
was not right."
He added these significant words:
"This case has been brought before the courts of the
State, and they are bound to carry out their duty under such
a view of it. If the piocess for the release of any prisoner
should issue from tlie couits of the State, he was free to
say that so long as Ohio was a sovereign State, that process
should be executed."
He promised that if the supreme court of Ohio,
at Columbus, should decide that law to be uncon-
stitutional, as he thought it was unconstitutional,
that for one, as chief magistrate and commander-
in-chief of the forces of ottr State, he would see
that that nullification was made effective, even to
the shedding of the blood of our citizens. [Laugh-
ter from the Republican side.] Yes, sir, let them
laugh over it. it is nevertheless true, that they
came down to Columbus, with some of your Har-
per's Ferry cut-throats among them, armed, to
break down the laws of the United States, with
pistols and knives—black men and white men—to
despoil the State of Ohio of its fair reputation as
one of the faithful States of this Confederacy.
"Well, it so happened that they reckoned with-
out their host. Judge Swan delivered the opinion
of the majority of the court. Though he had
been a Republican, and had received eighty thou-
sand majority oil their ticket in 1854, he held that
for sixty years, the law of 1793 had been upon
the statute book, and'acquicsced in 'and sustained,
and that the law of 1850, amending it, had been,
by the same authority, sustained by the supreme
courts of Massachusetts, of Rhode Island, of
Pennsylvania, of Indiana, and of California, and
by the supreme court of Ohio on the circuit; and
that the "Wisconsin case, if properly examined,
was no exception to the general rule, which de-
cided that the act of 1793 and its amendment of
1850 were constitutional acts. Here is the exact
language:
C4 Whatever differences of opinion may now exist in the
public mind, as to the power of Congiess to punish re^cueis,
as provided m the acts of 1793 and 1850, no such vit.il blow
is given either to constitutional lights or State sovereignty
by Oongi ess thus enacting a iaw to punish a violation of the
Constitution of the United State5; as to demand of tins
court the oigamzation of resistance. If, oftei moie. than
sixty years of acquiescence by ail dcpaitments ot the na-
tional and State governments, in the power of Congiess to
provide for the punishment of icseuers o£ escaped slaves,
that power is to bo di&regarded, and all laws which may bo
passed by Congress on this subject liom hencefoith aie to
be persistently resisted arid nullified, the work of revolution
should not be begun by the couseivatois of the public
peace
And, as a lit and eloquent climax to his decis-
ion, he used this expression, as nearly as I can
give it:
"As a citizen, I would not deliberately violate the Con-
stitution oi the law by interference with fugitives from ser-
\ lee. But if a weaiy,tightened slave should appeal to mo
to protect him from his puibucis, it is possible I might mo-
mentarily foiget my allegiance to the law and Constitution,
and give him a covert iiom those who were on his track ;
theie aic, no doubt, many slaveholders who would thus fol-
low the instincts of human sympathy. And if I did it, and
was piosecuted, condemned, and imprisoned, and brought
by my counsel before this tribunal on a habeas corpus, and
was then permitted to pronounce judgment in my own case,
I trust 1 should have the moral coinage to say, befoie God
and the country, as I am now compelled to say, under the
solemn duties of a judge, bound by my oflicial oath to sus-
tain the supremacy of the Constitution and the law: * The
prisonei must be remanded.' "
That was the decision of our best judge in Ohio,
our chief justice. He was a man, Mr. Clerk, of
spotless integrity of character, a man who held
the balance of justice equipoised between high
and low, rich and poor. He was learned, im-
partial, and decisive for the right. In all respects
he was an upright judge. And for deciding thus,
mark you, for being an impediment in the way of
the ambition of our Republican Governor, for
refusing to aid these higher-law fanatics of the
Reserve, for refusing to serve under Joshua R.
Giddings and his crow of the North, who coun-
seled that the - United States officers should be
shot down as pirates—for doing that, the Repub-
lican convention struck his name from the roll of
judges as unfit to wear the ermine! He was not
pliant to the purposes of higher-law fanaticism!
And my colleague [Mr. Corwin] sustained the
convention in this lawless and orderless proceed-
ing. I know that in the campaign which followed
he preached strong and well against these disor-
ganizers. But I never could understand why he
took the Republican stand-point he did, from
which to hurl his thunders against the lawless
and orderless miscreants of our State. There was
one party where he might have done it with con-
sistency.
When the Republican convention voted, as he
confesses they did, and voted unanimously, that
the fugitive slave law was'(subversive ©f both the
rights of the States and the liberties of the peo-
ple, and as contrary to the plainest duties of hu-
manity and justice, and abhorrent to the moral
sense of the civilized world," and when they de-
manded its repeal, where, I submit to him, does
it place him before the country ? He admitted,
in reply to my question, that as one of Mr. Fill-
more's Cabinet, he approved of that law; he thinks
it constitutional; he will not repeal it. Yet he
contented himself with voting against it in com-
mittee. He allowed it to pass the convention
without dissent. Pie supported the candidates
who were associated with its most solemn declara-
tion, and who accepted nominations from the same
convention. And yet, further, he went forth to
battle in the State against the very platform and
for the very candidates thus placed before the
people. Am I not right, then, in saying that there
was no other mode by which he could be consist-
ent and national, except by coming over to the
Democratic organization, and fighting with them
for the integrity of the laws and of the Constitu-
tion ?
That there may be no mistake, let mc refer to
the resolution of the Republicans of Ohio;
"3. Resolved, That, proclaiming our determination rigid-
ly to lcspect the constitutional obligation* imposed upon
the State by the Federal compact, wc maintain the union
of the States, the rights of the States, and the liberties of
the people; and, m ordei to attain these impoitant ends,
we demand the repeal of the tugitive slave act of 1850, as
it is subvcisivc of both the rights of the States and tiie lib-
erties of the people, and as contiary to the plainer duties
of humanity and justice, and abhorrent to the moral sense
of tlic civilized world/'
Now, what explanation does the gentleman
give us of this remarkable resolution? He tells us
that there was a clause in it, when before the com-
mittee, " that the fugitive slavelawwas unconsti-
tutional, and that it was stricken out before re-
ported." Ay, sir, that was the compromise that
was made in the committee. After striking that
out, to please the weaker wing—then to please the
dominant abolition wing—they go right into the
convention and strike down the man who had
decided it to be constitutional. Is not this a much
more emphatic condemnation of that law as un-
constitutional, than any resolution? If I had
time, I could weary the House with the evidorico
from Republican journals and leaders, showing
that Judge Swan was thus immolated, and be-
cause of that very decision. The selection of his
competitor, Judge Gholson, was not from con-
venience of locality, it was because he was
recommended as a practical Abolitionist, who had
freed his slaves in Mississippi.
Well, Mr. Clerk, I might pursue this matter
further. I have heard my friend here [Mr. Cor-
win] make appeals to the patriotic, the order-
loving, the law-abiding people of our State and
of my own city. The very night after the. con-
vention was held, I heard him make a speech in
Columbus. I happened to be in the audience
among some of the gentlemen from the Reserve
while he was speaking, and many of them thought
—and gave expression to their thoughts—that
he" was making a Democratic speech. [Much
laughter.] I heard a gentleman in my neighbor-
hood say that luj believed the pro-slavery men
had "yanked Governor Corwin right reound"
on this question, and that "his speech was no
better (for they some times do swear out there)
than one of your d d Locofoco speeches."
[Roars of laughter.]
Now, Mr. Clerk, you see the position of this
Ohio Republican party. I venture the assertion that
if we could poll the members of the Ohio delegation
on the other side of the House, wc should find
them, perhaps, equally divided on this momentous
question on which the union of the States is
founded, and without which it never could have
been made. I think that perhaps my friend on
the right [Mr. Corwin] would be in a minority
if he were to poll the delegation. He shakes his
head. How do you think it stands? You have
how many members?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Fifteen.
Mr. COX. You have fifteen members of the
delegation. Did you ever poll them ? No ? You
do not know how they stand upon this question.
Well, my impression is that you are in a minority,
and if you do want to hold a class-meeting some
time, as you said, and will call in your Democratic
brethren, we will take the sense or the census of
the meeting. [Great laughter.]
I was gratified, Mr. Clerk, to hear our friend
here give us a little dialectics on the subject of
the higher law. I would have been glad if it had
been delivered in Ohio—in Cleveland-—before the
Harper's Ferry foray took place,before the dis-
union meeting there the other day. Perhaps he did
deliver it. I know he did deliver some portions
of it. But Mr. Wendell Phillips, whom he de-
nounces here so eloquently, is, as I claim, in his
logic and in his philosophy, the very exponent of
the Republican theory and doctrine; and I will
show you how I will prove it. He holds .to the
idea of individual sovereignty.
A Member. Squatter sovereignty ?
Mr. COX. No, sir; not squatter sovereignty,
nor territorial sovereignty, nor congressional sov-
ereignty. He opposes congressional sovereignty,
as Republicans oppose it, unless it prohibits- sla-
very. He opposes popular sovereignty all the
time, as Republicans do; and I will show you
wherein he agrees with the Republican party in
its philosophy. He says that there can be no
civil society unless every individual member of it
bows to its authority. He says that Governor
Wise had no more right to hang John Brown
than John Brown had to hang Governor Wise.
In his opinion, the State of Virginia is no more
than a piratical crew. He says that there can
be no majority, no minority. Anything which
comes into opposition with his convictions must
go down or go up with those convictions, not ex-
cepting even the Constitution and laws of the
country. Herein he is in harmony with the dom-
inant segment of the Republican party.
I will go one stejo further. That is the doc-
trine of the New York Tribune, and of Gov-
ernor "Chase, applied to the Territories. My dis-
tinguished friend [Mr. Corwin] shakes his head.
I will tell him where he will find it. He will find
it in his message of January, 1857, where he
says that he believes that tiie right of property
in man cannot be created by any civil govern-
ment; that there is no power in any organized
civil community to create the relation of master
and slave: that no majority in a Territory, while
such, or when it frames a State constitution, can
create the relation of masterand slave. He would
hold that each individual has the right for him-
self to decide all these questions pertaining to
personal liberty, any law to the contrary notwith-
standing. Is not this the Republican doctrine?
Hence Governor Chase is logical when he says
that Congress may prohibit slavery, but that it
has no power to establish it. He would be logi-
cal, if he said that the people of a Territory, by a
majority, might prohibit slavery, but have no
power to establish it. That is the legitimate con-
sequence of this individual sovereignty preached
by your Wendell Plullipses. If it has not been
avowed by my honorable friend, at least he has
indorsed the indorserof it. He says: "Never!"
Why, in Columbus one year ago—I have the
paper here—you paid your attention to my dis-
trict. There you shook hands with Governor
Chase, on Goodalc Park platform—did you not?
You said that you had voted for him, and had
stood by him. Do you not remember how face-
tiously you remarked on your own countenance ?
You had furnished your complexion to the party,
and he the colored principle. [Great laughter.] I
remember. Don't you remember how cordially
you embraced? You shake your head again.
Pardon me. I do not mean a bodily embrace—
no, by no manner of means; but you had a most
affectionate political hug before the people of
Ohio ! [Renewed laughter.] What, then, did
the gentleman indorse in Governor Chase? He
indorsed the individual sovereignty of Wendell
Phillips, as applied by Governor Chase to civil
society and the institution of slavery in the Ter-
ritories. It is the same doctrine that these fanatics
have. They have a great family of isms. You
