20M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
Mr. BKOWN. I understand the Senator from
Tennessee to be satisfied with the title of the bill
proposed by my colleague.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. No, sir; I
prefer the caption of the bill as it now stands. It
embraces all that was indicated in the one sug-
gested by the Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. BROWN. What I wish to say is this:
that as my friend from Tennessee is the parent of
this measure, I think he has a right to give the
baptismal name to his offspring. If it suits him
it suits me. Whether it suits the baby or not, of
course belongs to the father to determine, and to
nobody else.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Minnesota, to
the tale of the bill.
The amendment was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 18, noes 23.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
upon adopting the title of the bill.
The title was agreed to.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senato
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 10, 18G0.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. T. H. Stockton.
The. J ournal ofyesterday was read and approved.
HOUR Off MEETING.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to submit, a resolution, to
which 1 am sure there will lie 110 objection.
Mr. GROW. Let the resolution be read.
Tht Cleik read, as follows:
Thatall'.T Saturday next, tins [louse mcctR.ich
tiny ;u eleven o'clock, a. in.
There was no objection; and the resolution
\rari adopted.
Mr. ET1IERIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
KKKOUITIONS 01' CALIFORNIA LBOISLATCRE.
Mr. liUI'OlI, by unanimous consent, pirsented
joint resolutions ofthe Legislature of California,
of the following titles; which were referred to
apnropimleeommittees.andordeieil to lie printed:
Joint resolutions ofthe California Legislaltue,
asking for the establishment of a mail route from
Carson Cily, in Utah, to Nevada, in California;
Joint resolutions ofthe California Legislature,
askniir lor the establishment of a mail route from
Red Blufi', in Tehama county, to Snsonville, in
Honey Lake Valley, and offices at Last Camp,
Pme Urovejuaml Susonville;
Joint resolutions of the California Legislature,
asking for the passage, of an aet providing for
limiting the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections of
land donated to said State for school purposes; and
Joint resolutions of the California Legislature,
asking for the establishment of a new land ihs-
tiiet, with laud oflie.es, at Red Blulf, m said State.
CONFIRMING CERTAIN LAND ENTUII!S.
Mr. COBB. I have been waiting several days
for the disposition of the tariff question and ter-
ritorial business, in order that I mi^ht call up
House bill No. 44, confirming certain land entries
under the third section of (he net of 3d March,
1845, entitled u An aet making appi opi iat tons for
the service of the Post Office JD<j>arlment for the
fiscal year ending' the 30th of June, 1856." It
passed this House with only a single voice dis-
senting, and it has come back from the Senate
with a small amendment. I move to reconsider
the vole by which the bill was laid upon the
Speaker's table, in order that the bill may be
brought before the House, and the question dis-
posed ofw
Mr. GROW. "What is the regular order of
business?
The SPEAKER. The consideration of terri-
torial business.
Mr. COBB. I will withdraw my request that
my motion shall be considered at this time, if it is
the gentleman's intention to press the House to
the consideration of territorial business.
Mr. THAYER. I move that the motion to re-
consider be laid upon the table.
Mr. GROW. I do not desire to interfere with
action upon the gentleman's bill, provided that it
wiH not give rise to a call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. COBB. I prefer to withdraw my request
for action now. I only ask that the motion to re-
consider be entered.
Mr. HOUSTON. As the question has been
brought before the House, I think it best that it
should be now disposed of.
Mr. COBB. It will not take a minute to acton
the amendment.
Mr. THAYER. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
Mr. COBB. I do not object to the House pro-
ceeding with the regular order-of business.
The SPEAKER. The special order set down
for this day is the consideration of territorial busi-
ness.
Mr. GROW. I do not object to the question
raised by the gentleman from Alabama being dis-
posed of, provided it docs not give rise to a call
of the yeas and nays.
Mr. COBB. I intend to discuss the question.
Mr. GROW. If the House will give us a ses-
sion to-day like the sessions we have had for a
day or two on the tariff, we will try and get
through with the territorial business. I do not
know more than two bills that will give rise to
debate. Wo can finish up this business, if mem-
bers please, to-day; and if we do, we will facili-
tate an early adjournment of Congress. I call
for the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The committees will be
called for reports on territorial matters.
THE president'S PROTEST.
Mr. HICKMAN. It is ncccssary to have an
order made hv the House in regard to the post-
ponement of the resolution reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary on the protest of the
President, of the United States, it will be remem-
bered that, the consideration of the resolution was
set down for this day. The territorial business
interleres with it, and I now move that its further
consideration be postponed and made the special
ordt r foi Wednesday and Thursday ofnext week.
1 trust there will he no objection.
Mr. CURTIS. I appeal to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania and to the House, that Wednesday
and Thtusday ofnext week be set apart for the
consideration of the leport from the select com-
mittee on the Pacific railroad question. It is one
ot the important measures that ought tobopassed
by this Uouse, in older that it may go to the Sen-
ale at an early day, while the icsoiution of the
Committee on the Judiciary may be as well acted
upon four weeks horn now as at this day.
Mr. IllCKMAN. I have postponed the reso-
lution already three or four times, and I must,
therefore, decline to yield to the proposition of
the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 ask for a division of the
question. I am willing to postpone the further
consideration of the question; but as to the ques-
tion of making it a special order, 1 will decide on
that when it comes up.
The SPEAKER, The first question will be
on the motion to postpone the further considera-
tion ofthe resolution until Wednesday and Thurs-
day of next week.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question is now on mak-
ing the matter a special order for those two days.
Mr. HOUSTON. If gentlemen who are m a
majority in this House desire to enforce the rules,
it will lequire a vote of two thirds to make it a
special order. I shall not object to its being made
a special order. If the House choose to make it
a special order, I have no objection, Itis before
the House, and gentlemen can do with it as they
please.
TheSPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
it will require unanimous consent to make it a
special order.
Mr.HOUSTON. I shall not object,for! have
no control of the business.
Mr. WA.SIIBUIINE, of Illinois. I cannot con-
sent to its being made a special order to override
another matter, which may possibly run into
Wednesday.
The SPEAKER. If objection be made, that
will be sufficient to prevent its being made a spe-
cial order. The Chair understands objection to
be made.
Mr. HICKMAN. Am I to understand that it
requires unanimous consent to make it a special
order after the morning hour?
The SPEAKER.* Yes, sir.
WATROUS IMPEACHMENT CASE.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would make a suggestion
to the chairman of the Judiciary Committee. I
understand there arc a dozen or fifteen witnesses
here in attendance to be examined in the Wat-
rous case. 7 suggest to the chairman the propri-
ety of asking the House to permit the Judiciary
Committee to sit during the sessions of the Housb,
with a view to have those witnesses examined.
Mr. HICKMAN. I adopt the suggestion, and
ask that permission.
Leave was granted.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. GROW. I now call for the regular order
of business. I ask that the committees be called
for reports on territorial business.
Mr. CURTIS. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will allow me to try to have a day set
apart for the consideration of the Pacific railroad
bill, I will be obliged to him.
Mr. GROW. If the gentleman's proposition
is not to create discussion, or to havs the yeas and
nays called on it, 1 will yield the lloor that he may
submit it to the House.
Mr. CURTIS. Very well; if it load to discus-
sion, or to a call of the yeas and nays, I Will with-
draw it.
Mr. GROW. On that condition, I will yield
to the gentleman from lovva.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot recognize
these conditions.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
hear what the proposition of the gentleman from
Iowa is.
Mr. CURTIS. I propose that Tuesday and
Wednesday—the 22d and 23d of May—be as-
signed for the consideration of the Pacific railroad
bill.
Mr. GARNETT. X object.
Mr. SCOTT. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw his objection. The bill ought to be consid-
ered and passed.
Mr. GARNETT. Notif I can help it by any
possibility.
LAXD J?01t KANSAS RAILROADS.
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order of a
territorial character.
Mr. GROW. Let the committees bo called in
their regular order.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call the commit-
tees in their order for reports on territorial busi-
ness.
Mr. VANDEVER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill granting alternate
sections of public lands to aid in the construction
of certain railroads 111 the Territory or future
State of Kansas.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order. I do
not see how a bill granting alternate sections to
railroads has anything to do with territorial busi-
ness.
Mr. VANDEVER. I desire to enter a motion
to recommit the bill to the Committee on Public
Lands, and that it be printed.
Mr. GROW, if the motion be to refer it, I will
not object.
Mr. VANDEVER. 1 ask that it be rscom-
mitted, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BURNETT. If this be not legitimate ter-
ritorial business, 1 object to it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes it to be
legitimate territorial business. The bill will be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on tho
state ofthe Union, and oidercd to be printed.
Air. HOUSTON. I move to reconsidor the
vote referring tho hill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state ofthe Union; and I also move
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.-
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. This question is not
understood, and I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana will state his point of order.
Air. DAVIS, of Indiana. It is this: that this
bill is strictly and legitimately territorial business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has so decided.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. The question was
