80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9.
can tell them all by their hereditary marks of in-
sanity. [Laughter.]
Read in the Tribune the enunciation of free-
love doctrines. Stephen Pearl Andrews comes
out—and mark how his logic suits Mr. Wendell
Phillips, Governor Chase, and the whole Repub-
lican party. Stephen Pearl Andrews says that
he is for individual sovereignty, not in reference
to slavery in the Territories, but in reference to
the affectional nature. [Laughter.] He is op-
posed to any affinity with any man or woman
who does not come up square to the idea of free-
love, unrestrained by the marriage relation or
civil authority. He says—"What! Rringyour
law to bear upon me; enact that 1 shall live in a
state of marriage under the civil law, against my
passional attractions. What! Compel my sister
to keep, against her will, with her old husband?
No, I am for liberty, God and liberty! "—which
means the Devil and free lust. So they go on,
and so these individual sovereigns run through
the catalogue, from one end to the other. They
are all tied together by the same string of isms
which our friend here has so eloquently and in-
consistently denounced.
Now, Mr. Clerk, the time for the Republican
party to have denounced these dangerous doc-
trines, was not after the Harper's Ferry affair had
occasioned so much dissatisfaction, anxiety, ap-
prehension and dismay in the South. The time
to have denounced them was when Mr. Giddings
made his speech here in favor of servile insurrec-
tion. The time to have denounced them was when
Helper came along with his book; when Governor
Seward said, that there was a higher law than the
Constitution which required the extermination of
slavery, and " that you and I must do it." Then
was the time for denunciation, and not after old
Brown, wrought upon by the everlasting rub-a-dub
of the abolition drum, got together his recruits,
crept into the valley of the Blue Ridge, collected his
$>10,000 worth of rifles and pikes, and ill the night,
when no premonition had been given, when all
was hushed—
Mr. MILES. On Sabbath.
Mr. COX. Yes, sir; when there was 110
sound to disturb the quiet but the church-going
bell—took possession of ail armory with one
hundred thousand stand of arms, imprisoned in-
offensive citizens, and slayed others. Why did
you not denounce these doctrines 111 the bud?
Why did you not stop the bloody instructions of
which this was the fruit? Why were they not
denounced from the pulpit, forum, and rostrum?
Why not denounced from these seats in Congress'
You come up at this late day and say, " Oh 1 wo
do not approve of this thing. The people of the
free States do not approve of it." Neither do
they.
My friend [Mr. Corwin] was right when he
said that the people of Ohio, outside of the West-
ern Reserve, are not in favor ofinsurrection and dis-
solution. 1 think that the Reserve ought to be cut
off and slid over to Canada, for winch it has more
affinity than for the United States. [Laughter.]
Mr. HUTCH1NS. Why, then, cut off a part
of the Union?
Mr. COX. I am sure that our people would be
glad to change those counties of the Western Re-
serve for Cuba and cheap sugar and molasses.
[Groat applause and laughter.] My friend is a
correct exponent of the sentiment in Ohio in refer-
ence to this insurrection. I am glad he has re-
ferred to it in the way he has. 1 will add my
testimony—feeble as it is—to the testimony of the
gentleman, to convince the South that these ma-
rauders and murderers have no sympathy with
the mass of the people of that State, from which
most of them seem to have come, and within
whose borders they concocted their fell designs.
It is due to the gentlemen of the South who
have shown so much interest, anxiety, and ap-
prehension on this subject, to say that at least
one hundred and seventy-one thousand two hun-
dred and sixty-six Democratic voters of Ohio put
their seal of disapprobation on all the men con-
nected either by sentiment or act with this mat-
ter. [Applause in the galleries.] That was the
vote last year and if tt were properly represented
in this Hall, instead of six Democratic members
only,we would nowhaye ten. From the sentiment
of this year, four of these Republican gentlemen
would be compelled to bid adieu to this scene of
congressional life.
But the distinguished gentleman who preceded
me [Mr. Corwin] says, and says truly, that
there is no sentiment in the southern part of our
State—at least in that part of the State which he
and I represent, which would not disapprove, in
toto, of the men who have preached and acted out
this servile insurrection. There is no sentiment
in that part of Ohio which does not at once and
forever protest against that horrible specter of
history—a servile insurrection. X may go fur-
ther and do justice to the Republican vote of
Ohio this year. It was one hundred and eighty-
four thousand five hundred and two; more than
half of that number, sir, in my judgment, tho-
roughly condemn this raid upon Virginia. While
I admit the sentiment is different in the Re-
serve and at Cleveland; while I admit that the
noisy leaders and blatant journalists who under-
take to manage and do control the Republican
party in its platform and candidates, are not
blessed with the same genuine spirit—I freely
and willingly bear my testimony to the public
exccration which in Ohio has followed the insur-
gents at Harper's Perry, their aiders and abet-
tors. Lot me go further.
When you come to the great Northwest you
find one million one hundred and sixty-two thou-
sand voters m her seven States. This is a hun-
dred thousand more than all the votes in the
South, one third of the whole Union, and three
times as many as New England. I believe, sir,
that more than one half of these votes will be cast
in 18G0 for the Democratic party, for the rights
of the States and the permancnce of Federal con-
cord. You will find those voters warm in favor
of the Union and the Constitution, which is the
only ligament which holds that Union together.
You will find this attachment not merely in our
party, but among the very men who voted for my
friend [Mr. Corwin] and many of the Republi-
cans upon this floor. Look to the great North-
west, and to its power as it is now, and as it will
be. She has a lake and river tonnage of four
hundred thousand tons, and five thousand miles
of river and lako coast. She has, and must have
ever, the Mississippi river as her outlet. 1 Has
she nothing at stake ? She will be able fo protect
herself and the Union besides. In 1860 she will
have as many Representatives upon this floor as
the whole South will then have, and three mem-
bers to one from New England. You will find in
her a conservative element which will say to the
North, with its extremists, and to the South, with
its extremists, " thus far shalt thou go, and no
further; here shall the waves of disunion be
stayed!" You will find in the Northwest a con-
servative element, which, if we have the Cincin-
nati platform unaltered, will rise up fo the support
of the Democratic party, as the only safe reposi-
tory of that constitutional power by which this
Government is to be carried on.
It is said by men of science that the least dis-
turbance of the law of gravitation in the universe
will disturb not only the stars in their courses,
but that it will change the position of the lightest
flower upon the face of the earth. So it is with
rcspect to that political gravitation by which the
States are held in their spheres as they revolve
around the Federal center. Not only will the
disturbance of our Confederation and Constitu-
tion, and the laws made in pursuance of it,—
in the least particular, whether by resistance to
law or by riotous insurrection, disturb the rela-
tion of the various States, but it will disturb that
concord of feeling in each individual citizen—
which is the flower of our patriotism—without
which the Constitution and the Union cannot be
preserved. Without fraternity of feeling that
Constitution is a dead letter—a mere wisp of straw
—a rope of sand. There is a sentiment in the
Northwest which cannot and will not listen to a
disunion sentiment.
I regret to hear upon this side of the Chamber the
dissolution of the Union spoken of as a contin-
gency . I wish to say m behalf of the national
Democrats of Ohio, that with them there is no
such word as that rung in our ears by southern
gentlemen—"dissolution of the Union per sc."
We know 110 dissolution perse. Wo have no
dead or living language to phrase such sentiments.
We are for the Constitution and for the Union.
We have no language to express anything with
respect to breaking those ties, so eloquently de-
picted by my fnena, [Mr. Corwin,] which bind
us together. Those ties are as old as the Consti-
tution. I am prepared, as the gentleman from
New York [Mr. John Cochrane] said the other
day, to sail over many a stormy sea in the pro-
tection of that Union and of that Constitution. If
I have read aright the history of the formation of
this Constitution, its framers had troubles and
trials far more vexatious and arduous than those
we have undergone in preserving it.
It was as long as from March to September,
1787,before they could agreeupoqan instrument,
and before it could go out to the States for their
ratification. They quarreled about the slave trade;
they quarreled about the three-fifths representa-
tion of slaves in making up this body; and it was
not until such patriotic appeals were made as we
have heard here by gentlemen upon this side
of the Chamber, that they could come together
and agree upon this common Constitution. Too
many of their descendants are too quick to listen
to the cry of disunion. We of the Northwest
have no affinity with any one, who utters that
cry, whether from the North or South; whether
it comes per se or per anything else.
I remember an incident that occurred in the late
Sepoy rebellion in India—a servile insurrection—
which might have found more than its counter-
part if the late affair at Harper's Ferry had been
consummated as it was designed. You remember
that Lucknow was besieged for months, by those
fiends 111 human shape, who did what Brown
would have had the negroes of Virginia do. Death
stared the beleaguered garrison in the face. The
engineers even gave up hope. A day, and all
would bo lost! A fever-stricken Scotch lassie, over-
come with fatigue, lay upon the ground, wrapped
in her plaid and wrapped in slumber. Suddenly
she gave a cry of joy. Her delirium passed away.
She exclaimed: " Dinna ye not hear it? Dinna
ye not hear it? Ay, I am no dreamin'. It's the
slogan of the Highlanders. We're saved! We're
saved!" The young girl had a keen ear for her
national music. She was from the Highlands—
the home of the MacGregors and the Douglas!
The duller ear of the Lowlands did not catch the
inspiring strain.' I think, sir, I may be pardoned
for saying that we of the Northwest have a keener
sense, a quicker ear for the music of the Union.
Through the noise of strife and the cannonade of
insurrection,and while other sections have dulled
their sense by too frequent allusions and reflec-
tions upon disunion, there remains in the North-
west the ready love, the unselfish devotion, and
the patriotic zeal which is quiclc to hail the music
of the Union as the harbinger of our safety and
repose! [Applause from the galleries.]
Mr. STANTON. If it is the pleasure of the
House to adjourn, I desire to say a few words in
reply to my colleague [Mr. Cox] to-morrow.
[Cries of " Adjourn !" " Adjourn !"]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon, at
five minutes to six o'clock, p. m,, the House
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 9, 1859.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. L. W. Bates.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved
The CLERK stated that Mr. Stanton was en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I rise to a privi-
leged question. It will be remembered that the
day before yesterday one of my colleagues, a Re-
publican member of this House, [Mr. Kellogg,]
thought proper to have read to us an article from
theNew York Tribune, reflecting on his political
action as a member of this body. In the course
of his strictures 011 that article, it was his pleas-
ure to make certain charges against Judge Doug-
las, and to allude to what he said had occurred
between him and Mr. Greeley.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I presume
my colleague has reference to my colleague on
this side of the House, [Mr. Kellogg.]
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Yes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not see
my colleague in the Hall at present.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I saw him here a
moment ago.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. He has just
this moment come in.
