1880.
THE CONGrEESSIONAL GLOBE.
1101
both Houses, and affirmed by the President, so
that the citizen shall be surrounded with certain
safeguards.
' Mr. President, I confidently submit that a power
so entirely without support, and also so obnox-
ious to criticism, at the same time that it is so vast,
is not to be carelessly exercised. You cannot
send the witness to prison without establishing
a new precedent and commencing a new class of
cases. You will declare that the Senate, at any
time—not merely in the performance ofits admitted
judicial duties, but also in the performance of its
mere legislative duties—may drag a citizen from
the most distant village of the mostdistant State,
and compel his testimony, involving the guilt or
innocence of absent persons, or, it may be, of the
witness himself. This is a fearful prerogative;
and permit me to say, that in assuming it you
liken yourselves to the Jesuits, at the period of
their most hateful supremacy, when it was said
that their power was a sword whose handle was
at Rome, and whose point was in the most distant
places. You take into your hands a sword, whose
handle will be in this Chamber, to be clutched by
a mere party majority, and whose point will be in
every corner of the Republic.
If the present case were doubtful, which I do
not admit, I feel that I cannot go wrong when I
lean to the side of liberty. But, even admitting
that you have the power, is this the occasion to
use it? Is it, upon the whole, expedient? Is the
object to be accomplished worth the sacrifice? It
is well to have a giant's strength; but it is tyran-
nous to use it like a giant.
For myself, sir, I confess a feeling of gratitude
to the witness, who, knowing nothing which he
desires to conceal, and chiefly anxious that the
liberties of all may not suffer through him, feeble
in body and broken in health, hardly able to en-
dure the fatigue of appearing at your bar, now
braves the prison which you menace, and thrusts
his arm as a bolt to arrest an unauthorized and
arbitrary proceeding.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
call the roll.
Mr. HALE. What is the question ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolutions of
the Senator from Virginia, on which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say a few words
on this subject before the vote is taken; more be-
cause, on Friday last, I expressed a doubt with
reference to the power of the Senate, than for any
other reason. I respect the alleged motive which
induces the respondent here—if he may be called
so—to take the course he has taken; but, how-
ever much I may respect it, it cannot influence
me, of course, in the'discharge of my duty, if I
do not agree with him in the supposition that we
are exercising a jurisdiction which we have no
right to exercise. Let me call the attention of the J
Senate back, for a few moments, to the consider-
ation of the course which this question has taken.
"When the original resolution for the appoint-
ment of the committee was introduced, it was at
a time of very considerable excitement, and when
many intimations had been made in the newspa-
pers, and were not wanting here, that the political
party with which I act had been part and parcel,
m some degree at least, of the difficulty which had
occurred at Harper's Ferry. The proposition was
to raise a committee, with power to send for per-
sons and papers, to inquire not only as to the facts
of the transaction there, but also to inquire who
in other States had been connected with it. So
far as we on this side were concerned, we had no
disposition to interpose any objection whatever
to the inquiry as proposed, but every desire to
afford the utmost scope to it, in order thatthe facts
might be elicited. The question was not raised
at that time whether the Senate had the power to
appoint this committee; nor were the terms of the
resolution itself very strictly scrutinized, to see
whether it did not go further than it ought to have
gone; and that, because of the disposition which
I have stated on this side of the Chamber to afiord
every facility, and to give the broadest scope to
the inquiry proposed to be made.
Having no doubt myself of the general power
of the Senate as a legislative body to make the
inquiry, I voted for the resolution, as did we all.
Havingvoted for the resolution, I havevotedalso
without hesitation for the measures which have
been taken since, with reference to the witnesses.
I have done so, having no doubt whatever of the
power which has been spoken of. It had been
my conclusion during my legislative life that this
power, to a certain extent, existed in all legisla-
tive bodies of this description; and seeing no ob-
jection to the exercise of it, desiring that it should
be exercised under the circumstances in which
this inquiry was presented, I have voted regularly
for all the subsequent proceedings. Here, how-
ever, we come to a point; the question is at last
raised, and raised distinctly, by a person who is
brought before us to respond, whether the Senate
has the power, in the first place, to make the in-
quiry ; and ia the second place, whether it has the
•power to proceed against a witness who refuses
to testify, and to proceed in the ordinary method
by imprisonment until he shall bo willing to afford
the information that is sought for.
I cannot agree with my friend from Massachu-
setts that the original resolution directing the in-
quiry is rendered void, if otherwise we have the
authority for it, by the circumstance that it in-
cludes within it a power of inquisition beyond
our legislative capacity, or judicial capacity, if
you please to call it so. The resolution contem-
plates a number of things. It contemplates an
inquiry, in the first place, into the facts of the
transaction at Harper's Ferry. It then goes 011
to contemplate several other things; among others,
what my friend from Massachusetts has men-
tioned , an inquiry as to what other persons not con-
cerned there had afforded aid in men and money.
I have very serious doubt whether the Senate has
any such power as that; but, as I said before, in-
dividually I, and collectively my friends on this
side of the Chamber, did not examine that ques-
tion, from the desire we had to afford the largest
liberty of inquiry on the subject. Suppose the
resolution had read simply " that a committee be
appointed with power to inquire whether any fur-
ther legislation is necessary in order to protect
the property of the United States at Harper's
Ferry or elsewhere, with power to send for per-
sons and papers," and nothing more: can it be
doubted that that is a legitimate subject of legis-
lation by us as legislators? Not at all.
Then, that being contained in the resolution, as
it is, is the resolution, like a bill of indictment, or
like some legal proceedings, rendered void by the
fact that it introduces also a proposition for in-
quiry into a matter over which we have no con-
trol? I think not, very clearly. Why > Because
an objection to an inquisition of that kind is to be
taken at the time. We have the general power;
we may summon a witness. The witness may go
before the committee. He does notknow that the
matters of inquiry put to him will be such as he
wishes to make a point upon, or such as are im-
proper in thenfselves. Oil the contrary, the pre-
sumption should be, in his mind, that the matters
of inquiry will be confined to those things which
arc proper to be inquired into. If they are not,
when he comes before the committee he may make
his point on the questions which are put to him.
If an improper question is put to him , or a ques-
tion in reference to a subject about which we have
no right to inquire, ho may object to that ques-
tion, and then the point thus raised will come be-
fore the Senate. If, on the contrary, the inquiries
to him are confined to subjects proper to be in-
quired into under the resolution, there is no reason
why he should not answer. It is his duty to an-
swer under such circumstances. For that reason
I say that, although I think now, 011 examination,
that the original resolution went too far, beyond
any legitimate powers of ours for inquiry, for a
reason°that I shall give hereafter, yet I think it
includes manifestly matters into which we have a
rio-ht to inquire and upon which we have a right
toB legislate, and therefore that the resolution is
good^so far as the witness is concerned; and that
ho must wait until improper questions are put to
him, before he can object to the jurisdiction on
that account. .
Then, sir, comes the question about whicti 1
stated that I had some doubt, and which I rose to
explain. My doubt arose not at all from any
hesitation I had as to the general power of this
body over the subject. The argument of my hon-
orable friend from Massachusetts is founded upon
the idea of a broad distinction between the bntish
Parliament and the Congress of the United States,
the origin of both, and the derivation of their
powers" I concede that they are widely different.
Thel%rliamentis very different from the Congress.
The Parliament exists, as it is said, by its own laws
and usages. It is almost omnipotent. There is
hardly any limit to its powers. It is called by the
law the highest, most honorable court in the. realm;
and it is that most high and honorable court from
the usages and laws which itself has made fora long
period of time, running far back into antiquity,
the time to which, the law says, the memory of
man runneth not to the contrary. We are con-
stitutsd very differently. We live under a char-
ter—constitutional "provisions to which we owe
our existence—and we stand on very different
grounds; but I do not infer from this that we have
none of the powers of the British Parliament,
which are not expressly granted to us; and why?
No one knows better than my honorable friend
that the law of the British Parliament is a branch
of the common law of England; it is so defined in
the books. That law'is as much a part of tha
common law as any other—has always been so
considered and so held. Had we no interest, at
the time our Constitution was formed, in the
common law of England ? We adopted the whole
of it. All the colonies which formed the Consti-
tution, then States or becoming States—independ-
ent governments — had recognized the common .
law as a part of the law of the land. All of it that
was applicable to us, that was fitted to our posi-
tion and Constitution, was adopted by us.
Underthese circumstances, the States made con-
stitutions, and the people of the U nitedStatesmade
the Constitution of the United States. They made
bodies similar in form—similar in powers; not
having the same extent' of powers, because the
same extent was not applicable or necessary; but
they had the same kind of powers. Is it not to
be presumed that, when they instituted legislative
bodiesofthisdcscription, perfectly well known to
the common law, which existed among them-
selves, so much of the parliamentary law as was
the common law of this land, it being all com-
mon law in England, so much as was applicable
to our position and necessary for our purposes,
was transferred as a matter of necessity and as a
matter of common understanding to the bodies
thus constituted? Why, sir, if I had any doubt
on the subject, the answer is sufficient to say that
it has been a matter of common construction and
admission from the earliest days when we had
legislative bodies in this country down to Hie
present. The power has always been exercised
when these bodies were independent of all others,
and exercised as a matter of course under the
parliamentary law, so much of it being adopted
as was necessary for our situation and condi-
tion.
The Senator objects, as I understand him—and
others have objected in relation to this matter—
that the Constitution confers only specific powers
upon us. That is true; but did the Constitution
do nothing more ? When it made us a Congress
—when it made us a Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives, and left undefined powers that we
might exercise, in order to accomplish the pur-
poses for which we were created—did it mean that
we should have none of those powers, because it
had not defined them ? What did it do ? It de-
fined the matters upon which we could legislate.
In that sense it defined our jurisdiction. It told
what subjects were within our control; but it did
not undertake to tell us the form and manner of
proceeding by which we should accomplish the
purposes of that legislation. Why ? For the
simple reason that there was an existing law on
that subject known to everybody; and that was
the common law with regard to bodies of this de-
scription; for the simple reason that it was impos-
sible, in the nature of things, to make such a
definition; because no specification in the Consti-
tution could by possibility reach all the cases in
which it might be necessary for us to exercise
those powers known to the common law as par-
liamentary powers, and which were applicable to
and necessary for our use.
Senators undertake to tell me that there are cer-
tain powers which we have that are neccssary and
essential, and that those are what are essential to
our own existence as a body. They are not de-
fined. They arise from the necessity of the case.
If one arise from the necessity of the case, let me
ask them why not another? Where will you draw
the limit? Your argument falls; because, by your
own showing, you mustgo outside the point which
