1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•Ms
put before it was understood by the House. The
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Vandever] was on
the floor endeavoring to make an explanation
when the vote was put.
Mr. VANDEVER. I understood the Chair
to announce that the bill was referred to the Com-
mitte of the Whole on the state o£ the Union. My
motion was to recommit it to the Committee on
Public Lands, and order it to be printed.
Mr. BURNETT. There cannot be two ques-
tions pending at the same time.
The SPEAKER. What was the motion of the
gentleman from Iowa?
Mr. VANDEVER. That the bill be printed,
and recommitted to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. BRANCH. I call for a vote on the mo-
tion to recommit.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that if the
gentleman's motion was misapprehended the mis-
take ought to be rectified. The Chair will put
the motion on recommitting, and let the House
determine it. That will be a fair way.
Mr. BURNETT. That may be a fair way;
but the House is not responsible for the gentle-
man's not understanding what was done. The
motion to reconsider and lay on the table was in
order.
Mr. VANDEVER. I had made the motion to
recommit.
The SPEAKER. If any gentleman misunder-
stood the Chair, the Chair desires that the mis-
take may be rectified.
Mr. GROW. All that the gentleman asks is
an order to print and recommit it to the Commit-
tee on I^ublic Lands. I suppose there is no ob-
jection to that.
Mr. HOUSTON. Had the bill been referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union ?
The SPEAKER, The gentleman from Iowa
did not make that motion, as he distinctly says.
The Chair, in the confusion, did not understand
him correctly; and the Chair thinks that a mis-
take of that sort should be corxected. The ques-
tion will be now on recommitting the bill to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordering it to be
printed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Would it not be in
order to move to place it on the Calendar on ter-
ritorial business?
The SPEAKER. That motion would be in
order.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Then I, make that
motion.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Iowa waive his motion?
Mr. VANDEVER. I consent to the motion
of the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. GROW. If the bill is to be introduced
for that purpose, I must raise the point of order
that it is not territorial business.
The SPEAKER. It has been decided to be
territorial business.
Air. DAVIS, of Indiana. I withdraw my mo-
tion, if it is to lead to any controversy.
Mr. GROW. Let it go to the Committee on
Public Lands, and be printed.
The question was taken on recommitting to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordering it to be
printed; and the motion was agreed to.
Mr. BURNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted and ordered
to be printed; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LAND OFFICE IN WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
Mr. VANDEVER, fmm the Committee 011
Public Lands, reported back, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass, an act (S. No. 90) to create an
additional land office in Washington Territory;
and moved the previous question on the third read-
ing of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was 01 tiered to a third reading, and was
uceoidimrly load the third time, and passed.
Mr. VAN 1) EVER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
'The latter motion was agreed to.
rUBLIC LANDS TO NEBRASKA.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Public Lands, reported a bill grantingalternate
sections of the public lands to aid in the construc-
tion of certain railroads in the Territory of Ne-
braska; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, placcd upon the territorial
Calendar, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BURNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SLAVERY IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report back, with an
amendment, and with a recommendation that it
do pass, a bill (H. 11. No. G4) to disapprove and
declare null and void all territorial acts and parts
ofacts heretofore passed by the Legislative Assem-
bly of New Mexico which establish, protect, or
legalize involuntary servitude or slavery within
said Territory, except as punishment for crime
upon due conviction.
I also submit, with the hill, a report embracing
the statutes affected by the bill; which I desire to
have printed, and laid upon the table. I ask that
the bill be put upon its passage; and upon it I
demand the previous question.
Mr. TAYLOR. I ask the gentleman to allow
me to present a minority report, and to have it
printed.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the House wil^give
the gentleman that liberty.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will have
leave to submit the views of the minority.
Mr. HOUSTON. The minority report is ready;
but I did not suppose that this bill would come up
to-day, and left it at my room. I move now that
there be a call of the tfuuse.
Mr. COX demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 71, nays 9G; as follows:
YEAS—MebSTb. Green Ailams, Adrain, Allen, William
C. Anderson, Avery. Baiksdah1, Bauett, Bonham, Branch,
Bri&tow, Burch, Burnett, John B. CJaik, Clopton, Cobb,
John Cochrane, Cooper, Cox, James Craig, Crawford,
Curry, John G. Davis, Do Jumctte, Etheudge, Gainett,
Gartrell, JohnT. llariis, Houston, Hughes, Jackson, Jones,
Kent, Kunkel, Lamar, Laridrum, Larrabee, Leake, Logan,
Love, Cliatles D. Maitin, McQ,ueen, Million, Montgomery,
Laban T. Moore. Sydenham Mooic, Edward Joy Morns,
Isaac N. Morris, Niblack, Pendleton, Peyton, Pryor, Pugh,
Reagan, Rig?.-*, James C. Robinson, Itutlin, Scott, Smmis,
Singleton, William Smith, Stevenson, Stout, Taylor,
Thomas, Undeiwood, Vallandigham, Vance, Webster,
Wluteley, Woodson, and Wright—71.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldiich, Ashley,
Babbitt, Bualo, Bmgham,Blair, Blake,Brayton,Buflinton,
Builmgamo, Burnham, Bulterfield, Campbell, Carey, Case,
Claik B. Cochrane, Coliax, Covode, H. Winter Davis,
Dawes, Delano, Duel!, Dnnn, Edgeiton, Edwards, Eliot,
Ely, Fainswoith, Fenton, L'eiry, Foster, French, Gooch,
Giow, Gurley, Hale, Ilehmck, Hickman, Hoard, Ilum-
plue>, Hutching 1 rvine, Junkin, William Kellogg, Kenvon,
Kilhnger, DeWitt C. Leach, Jamea M. Loach, Lee,Long-
necker, Looims, Lovejoy, Marston, Mclvcan, MeKmght,
MePhcrson, Millward, Mooihead, Morrill, Nixon, Olin,
Palmer, Perry, Pettit, Porter, Potter, Rice, Christopher
Robinson, ltoyce, Schwaitz, Scranton, Sedgwick, Sher-
man, Spinneri Stanton, William Stewart, Suatton, Tap-
pan, Thayer, Tompkins, Tiam, Trimble, Vandever, Vor-
ree, Wade, Waldion, Walton, Oadwalader C. Washburn,
Ellihu B. Washbume, Lrael Washburn, Wells, Wilson,
Windom, Wood, and Woodruff—U6.
So the House refused to order a call of the
House.
During the roll-call,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, stated that Mr.
McRae and Mr. Nelson had paired off on the
tariff question.
Messrs. ALLEY, CONKLING, KILGORE,
and FLORENCE, who were not within the bar
when their names were callcd, asked leave to vote;
but objection was"made.
The result of the vote having been announced, !
as above recorded, the question recurred on sec-
onding the demand for the previous question.
Mr. BRANCH. I wish to give notice that, it
the demand for the previous question shall be,
voted down, I will move to refer the bill to the
Committee ofthe Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to an-
nounce to the House that Mr. Carteris detained
in his room by severe indisposition.
Mr. BINGHAM. Before the question is put
011 the demand for the previous question, I desire
to state to the House that gentlemen upon tills side
of the House, nnd some upon the other side, in-
dicate a desire that this bill shall be postponed
until this day two weeks: I should prefer "ray-
self that the vote should be taken now, hut, Jn
order to accommodate gentlemen who desire that
the bill shall be fully and fairly considered, I'am
perfectly willing that it shall be postponed to this
day two weeks. I therefore make that motion,
and upon it I demand the previous question.
Mr. TAYLOR. 1 wish to ask if itis theinten-
tion of the gentleman to open the bill for discus-
sion, when it comes up, or only to postpone the
taking of the vote for two weeks?
Mr. BINGHAM. I will say to the gentleman,
very frankly, that X would be willing to ha*ve any
reasonable amount of discussion on the bill when
it comes up, if it be the pleasure of the Hbuse;
but I am not authorized to say that it would be
the pleasure of the House, or of those with whom
1 cooperate in regard to this matter, that final ac-
tion' should be indefinitely delayed by a general
discussion. Let that question remain open.
Mr. TAYLOR. Then I trust there will be no
postponement.
Mr. KEITT. We are ready to vote on the bill
now.
Mr. GARNETT. I hope gentlemen on the
other side are not afraid of their own bill.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not want to debate. I
only want the yeas and nays on the motiqn to
postpone, so that we may see who are disposed
to dodge this question, and shirk the responsibil-
ity of their own bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. We are ready-to take the
vote directly.
Mr. COLFAX. I want to face the music now.
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. And we are ready
for the vote now.
Mr. KEITT. Exactly, we are ready for it.
[Cries of "Agreed!" from the Democratic side of
the House.]
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I withdraw the mo-
tion to postpone, and demand the previous ques-
tion on the bill.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. MILLSON. I demand the yeas and nays
on ordering the main question.
The yens and nays were not ordered.
The main question was ordered.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call for a vote upon the
engrossment and third reading of the bill.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I must protest
against this precipitate action upon a bill of this
importance; and since all debate has been cut off, I
shall call for the reading of the bill and amend-
ments, and also for the reading of the territorial
laws which itis proposed to disapprove.
Mr. ADRAIN. I undeistand that there are
two written reports upon the subject of this bill.
I call for the reading of these reports. I hope
there will be no precipitate action upon so import-
ant a bill as this.
Mr. KEITT. There is no precipitate action upon
the bill. The question is perfectly understood.
It is simply the Wilmot proviso. It is a denial
that the Teiritorial Legislature can pass a law rec-
ognizing property in slaves. This is simply a
proposition that Congress shall pass the Wilmot
proviso—110 more, no less. I am perfectly will-
ing the Republican party shall stand upon that
platform; and we are ready to vote upon the bill.
Mr. GROW. I thought the understanding was
that we should take the vote withoutdelay. #do
not want that all the time devoted to territorial
business shall be taken up with this matter.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I state in reply to the
gentleman from South Carolina that he is mis-
taken. This is not the Wilmot proviso; it is
congressional intervention, against which the old-
fashioned Democrats recently remonstrated at
Charleston. It is a specimen of the kind of pro-
tection the South may expect from Congiess to
her slave property. It is an admirable illustration
ofthe security slaveholders would enjoy in the
Territories if the doctrine of congressional inter-
vention were established. This bill is a specimen
of that " protection to slavery," for which the men
who secedcd from the Democratic convention at
Charleston so earnestly contended, and which
they asked should be incorporated in our plat-
form. I believe that the people of New Mexico,
and of every other Territory, have the right
through their Legislatures to legislate for them-
selves. And I believe that Congress has no power
to rescind or repeal the laws such Legislatures
