82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Well, how does
that suit my friend from Illinois ? The gentleman
from Missouri calls Greeley a dog, and says that
his denial will not help Douglas. He impeaches
the witness that my colleagues bring forward.
Mr. HOUSTON. This is a question of fact
between these gentlemen from Illinois [Mr. Kel-
logg and Judge Douglas] and Greeley. It is
a very simple question, and if the gentleman will
just come up and produce his evidence, then the
matter will be settled. Let him come up to the
point.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Oh, the gentle-
man-need not be scared about it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not scared about it. I
want to hear the proof.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. You shall have
it in due time. In reference to this matter, I was
about to say that it was charged in the papers
of Missouri, if I recollect aright—and if I am
mistaken, I ask my friend from Missouri [Mr.
Piielps] to correct me—that there was a propo-
sition made by Mr. Douglas to some individuals
to give the Missouri Senatorship to a Republican.
It was so charged, I think. I do not avow it was.
I want to be placed fairly.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman appeals to me
to know what was said m some of the newspa-
pers of Missouri in reference to this charge. I
will state that, so far as he aliudes to Missouri,
the fact was alleged that Judge Douglas was fa-
vorable to the election to the Senate of the United
States from Missouri of the late Representative
from the St. Louis district (Mr. Blair) in lieu of
Mr. Green. That was the charge made in one
of the newspapers in the State of Missouri. I do
not vouch at all for the truth of it.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I do not vouch
for its truth, and I want to say that fairly and
frankly. I do not know whether it was true or
not. In view of the charge made, I did under-
stand that my distinguished friend from Missouri
(Mr. Blair) was appealed to. This was common
rumor. If it be not true, [ am not responsible for
it. I do not know whether it is true or not. I
heard, as a rumor, thai he was appealed to, and
said that if Judge Douglas denied it, he would
make an answer. I have never heaid thai Judge
Douglas has denied it. I will not present it here-
after, unless gentlemen force me to do so. [ have
made the statement, without affirming it. 1 have
stated it as a common rumor which gave the lie-
publicans of Illinois some uneasiness in relation
to a combination to be formed for the defeat of
Mr. Lincoln to the Senate of the United States.
I wish gentlemen to understand this.
I will not detain the House. I am speaking
by the couitesy of the House. If gentlemen have
not spoken at length now, they will have an op-
portunity to do so when the House is organized
and has resolved itself into the Committee of I he
Whole on the state of the Union. I will then
dispose of this matter by presenting such proofs
ana arguments as I may have at hand, fairly
and courteously. If I am not sustained then, I
subject myself to the reprobation of my friends
and my opponents. If I am sustained, I hope
that they will give me the credit that, when I
have been villainously assailed in the papers of
the day, I have manfully defended myself. In
my statement the other day, I made no attack
upon Judge Douglas. •*! meant to attack Mr.
Greeley, when I said that he was departing fiom
the Republican faith, and doing us an injury, and
I had of course to show that he went to some
party to do it which was m opposition to us. i
only mentioned the fact that it was to the Doug-
las faction of the Opposition that Mr. Greeley
'went to do us an injuiy. Genth men ha\e taken
alarm. They have made then- denial. It is a
plain and a fair one. I cannot, if X would, escape
from it; if I could, I would not. The issue is
made, and let us meet it fearlessly and frankly.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Stanton] permit me to reply to my col-
league 5
Mr, STANTON. I am entirely subject to the
disposal of the House.
Mr, LOGAN. I understand that this is a
privileged question, yet I am not conversant with
parliamentary law.
Mr. STANTON. If it be the inclination of
the House to proceed to tlie legitimate business
of fleeting a Speaker, I will postpone what I have
to say until that business shall be discharged,
with the distinct understanding, however, that
when the House shall resume this discussion, I
shall be entitled to the floor. I will not delay the
House a moment if it be the desire to proceed to
legitimate business.
Several Members . Yield a moment to the gen-
tleman from Illinois.
Mr. STANTON. Very well; but in yielding
to the gentleman, I understand that I do not sur-
render my right to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. With the con-
sent of gentlemen and the House, I will make a
brief personal explanation.
There was no objection.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. Clerk, in the
National Intelligencer of this morning, I am re-
ported as having, in my speech yesterday, de-
nounced the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Nelson,] and those with whom he is associated,
(the southern Opposition,) as acting treasonably
towards the South. I made no such statement. I
apprehend that I was not distinctly heard in the
gallery, as I was not heard very clearly by the
official rcporteis of the House, who sit much
nearer to me. In that way the mistake has occurred.
What I did say, is as follows, and it is so reported
in the Congressional Globe:
I do nor charge the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Nelson] as associating with Mi Seward and tiie Black
Republican paitv, lor I believe that no man lias yet been born
upon the soil ot Tennessee, <n bieathesthc aa wafted over
that gallant iState, who, lor a moment, could eo.-potato in
Award's mea-ano^ ot treason, lapme, and minder.
"Mr. Nf.r,m>\'. With the permission o! mv lnend Irom
Mississippi, J !>.•£ leave to say, once ioi all, that, so tar as
1 am pei^onally concerned, 1 detest the doctrines avowed
by Senator Ivewaku.
u Mr. Davis, of Mi^i^ippi. I know that; and I desne,
therefore,"fanly to bung to jour attention how joui posi-
tion here may aid him m breaking down the Democratic
paily, which iio so anxiously desnes to destroy. 1 believe
that the gentleman and his party ate as patriotic as myself.
I believe that he and they would make a> many f-aciilices
lor the nueiests and rights ot the ^otitli as i would.'"
That, su-, is the Ungunge 1 used. I made no
remark such as the Intelligencer contains agenist
the gentleman from Tennessee and his party. I
will stale, in addition, that 1 would as readily
trust the patriotism and int< grity of the Ameucan
parly m support of the Constitution and the Union
as my ov, n
Mr. LOCJ/VN. Mr. Clerk, I June not desired
to take up the mile of the House while it re-
mained unorganized; nor would I take the floor
now, were it not that I consider some reply ne-
cessary to what my colleague has stated. I con-
fess that I meet the gentleman Irom Illinois [Mr.
Kfllogg] differently this morning from what 1
did when he made his charge against the honor-
able Senator from Illinois. Then I viewed him
as a valiant, patriotic, honorable man; but now
he shrinks from the responsibility he has taken
upon himself, and does not bring forward nny
proof. At the time, I was astonished that any
honorable gentleman, in debate upon this floor,
should so far depart from the line of court< sy as
to make any charge without producing his proof.
I know that when this attack was made, and
this charge distinctly averred by the gentleman
fiom Illinois, it received plaudits from the other
sid< of the House, and was somewhat pleas-
antly received, [ dislike very much to say, by a
portion of my own side. 1-W this reason, and
othei s, I intend this morning to brand that charge
as it deserves; and I intend further, sii, that mv
colleague shall not. leave the issue he has presente'd
to-day, and shall not bung in other issues beside
tin1 one before the House tins morning, and 1 shall
not dodge the responsibility.
Mr. STANTON. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois will allow me to interrupt him. I supposed
when the gentleman asked me to yield the floor,
it was only for a brief explanation; and I.mu>:t
decline to yield the floor for a set speech, which
will undoubtedly demand a reply.
Mr. LOGAN. As a matter of course, 1 sub-
mit to whatever this House may desire. I hope,
however, L shall be allowed to proceed.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. 1 will say that
no intimations will induce me to-day to go into
this investigation. Therefore there will be no re-
ply from me. I will say to my colleague that I
hope he will give himself no apprehension; I cer-
tainly shall not dodge.
Air. LOGAN 1 am under no apprehension;
and I only ask the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Stanton] that he will permit mc to make my
statement in reference to this matter, and in ref-
erence to any other matters I desire. [Cries of
"Go on!" "Go on!"]
Mr. STANTON. I think if the gentleman
proposes to make a speech that will occupy even
half an hour, he ought not to ask mo to yield for
that purpose.
Mr. LOGAN. I will certainly give the gen-
tleman from Ohio the floor as soon as I have con-
cluded my remarks. ♦
Mr. STANTON. I beg the gentleman's par-
don. That matter belongs to myself; for I dis-
tinctly stated when I yielded the floor, that I was
not to lose it, and that was assented to by the
House. I supposed it was a mere temporary
remark the gentleman desired to make.
Mr. LOGAN. I consider it a temporary speech.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman seems to be
making- a set speech, and one that will be of some
length.
Mr. LOGAN. Not a very set one, nor a very
long one.
Mr. STANTON. If the House desires the
gentleman to proceed, I will yield the floor.
The CLERK put the question to the House:
"Shall the gentleman from Illinois proceed?"
and it was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. LOGAN Then, sir, T repent that I felt at
the time that it was due from some person from the
State of Illinois that this charge should be repelled,
as it was by my colleagues [Messrs. McCler-
ntand and Morris] in a proper manner at the
time, as I thought. But, for other reasons, I have
been induced to make the icmarks I shall make
to-day in refeience to this chaige. So far as the
proof of those charges is concerned, the gentle-
man from Illinois refuses to offer his proof this
morning. I suppose he declines for the purpose
of allowing him a little time to run around and
see how many gentlemen scribblers he can get to
sign a statement in regard to what they have heard
in conversation between Judge DouoLAsandsome-
body else.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Will the gentle-
man permit me to corrcct him ?
Mr. LOGAN. I will not.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. It is due that
you should—and I will state my purpose.
Mr. LOG.AN. I will not yield to him, for
the reason that he would not allow me to inter-
rupt him when he was making the charge the
other day. If this charge had come from a
Democrat, from any man who had ever been
associated with .Judge Douglas m the political
battles of this country, then I would have thought
perhaps that there was some truth in it; per-
haps there was some foundation for it; and perhaps
there might have been some reason for the smiles
which played upon the hps of some gentlemen at
thnt particular time. Jhit it came from a gentle-
man who always stood in opposition to Judge
Douglas, when he was battling for the interests
of the Democratic party in Illinois against the old
Whig party, and against the Republican party,
and while this was going on this gentleman's cry
was "Republicanism," Abolitionism," "Sew-
ardism," as much so as any Abolitionist that ever
made tracks upon the beautiful prairies of Illinois.
The charge came from such a man, and he lugged
in the name of Dotglas in connection with that
of Greeley before this House, because he knew
that gentleman was generally spoken of for the
Presidency, and that he was m the Northwest
the choice of a patriotic and magnanimous people,
and because the gentleman desired to injure his
reputation before the country and this House.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. You said Judge
Douglas was the choi< e of the people of Illinois.
Was he the choice of a majority of the people?
Air. LOGAN. I said he was the choice of the
gnat Northwest, and it comes teeming upon the
electric wires every day that he is the choice of
that section and of the country at large, and you
know it. The gentleman asks did he get a ma-
jority in Illinois5 Did the Republicans get a
majority ?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. But we got more
than you did.
Mr. LOGAN. More than we did?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. We got a plu-
rality.
Mr. LOGAN. Why did you not elect your
candidate ?
