1102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
you fix, and that is, the point of a specifi^desig-
-nation of the powers which may be exercised.
:Certain powers are given. Under those we may
.'act judicially. But so far as it is necessary that
we should exercise powers for our own protec-
tion, for the accomplishment of the purposes for
which we were created, no one denies that we
may exercise them. Can we not order our gal-
leries to be cleared? By what authority? By
the authority of necessity, in some cases. If a
-disturbance is made in the galleries, can we not
order the offender out? CeHainly we can, and
for the same reason. If we are attacked from the
outside, and we take the offender into custody,
no one doubts that.
Where, then, will you draw the line of distinc-
tion ? You go outside of the Constitution. Where
do you go? You go to'the parliamentary law,
which is recognized as part of the common law.
Where will you stop? Stop,I say, just at that
point where we have gone far enough to accom-
plish the purposes for which we were created; and
these purposes are defined in the Constitution.
What are they ? The great purpose is legislation.
There are some other things, but I speak of legisla-
tion as the principal purpose. Now, what do we
propose to do here ? We propose to legislate upon
a given state of facts, perhaps, or under a given
necessity. Well, sir, proposing to legislate, we
want information. We have it not ourselves. It
is not to be presumed that we know everything;
and if anybody does presume it, it is a very great
mistake, as we know by experience. We want
information on certain subjects. How are we to
get it? The Senator says, ask for it. I am ready
to ask for it; but suppose the person whom we
ask will not give it to us: what then? Have we
not power to compel him to come before vis? Is
this power, which has been exercised by Parlia-
ment, and by all legislative bodies down to the
presentday without dispute—the power to inquire
into subjects upon which they are disposed to
legislate—lost to us ? Are wo not in the possession
of it ' Are we deprived of it simply because we
hold our power hero under a Constitution which
defines what our duties are, and what we are callcd
upon to do r
Congress have appointed committees after com-
mittees, tims after time, to make inquiries on sub-
jects of legislation. Had we not power to do it?
Nobody questioned our authority to do it. We
have given them authority to send for persons and
papers during the recess. Nobody questioned our
authority. We appoint committees during the
session, with power to send for persons and pa-
pers. Have we not that authority, if necessary
to legislation ? Who is to be the judge as to
our duties necessary to legislation? Who is to
judge of the necessity? We. Senators may say
there is danger 111 it; they may object that we are
judges in our own case. Sir, we are judges for
the good of the nation, for the good of the people.
They have made us their Legislature; they have
told us what to do; they have told us how far we
may go with relation to certain matters, and where
we must stop; but as to the mode by which we
are to accomplish the great purposes for which we
■ were created, and do the great things which we
were appointed to do, they have left that to us—
not an undefined rule; not to wander over a space
of which we know nothing; but to go back to the
common law, study the parliamentary law, and
see what are the powers we have under that, and
exercise them judiciously and well; and where is
the danger? One body returns to its constituents
every two years; the other body every six years.
The people have power over us. There is no dan-
ger connected with it; we can do no harm; and,
therefore, I say, sir, it is as well that we should
rid ourselves of all these ideas that wo are simply
a body under a written Constitution, appointed
simply to legislate and do certain other acts, and
obliged, in the first place, to inquire at every step
we take, whether we have any one power which
we may deem and may find absolutely essential
in order to accomplish the purposes for which we
were created. Sir, with regard to myself, all I
have to inquire into is: is this a legitimate and
proper object, committed to me under the Consti-
tution; and then, as to the mode of accomplishing
it, I am ready to use judiciously, calmly, moder-
ately, all the power which I believe is necessary
and inherent, in order to do that which I am ap-
pointed to do; and, I take it, I violate no rights,
either of the people generally or of the individual,
by that course.
The point that labored with me was nothing in
relation to the question which I have been dis-
cussing; but whether we were not bound, in the
first place, to legislate—a point suggested by my
friend from Massachusetts. Certain powers are
granted to us, and also power to pass all laws
which are necessary to carry them into effect.
The query is, whether we are bound to pass a law
giving power to each body of the Congress, in
the first place, to summon witnesses; and then, if
they do not appear, to punish them as that law
might prescribe; and it did occasion me some
trouble; but reflection has satisfied me that there
is nothing in it after all. That clause was intended
merely to meet the specific powers granted. We
have power to raise an army and navy, establish
a mint, and do many other things, for which there
is specific power in the Constitution; and out of
greater caution, having thus given us those powers
over certain subjects, it says specifically that you
shall have power to pass all laws necessary for
carrying into effect these things. It did not as-
sume to touch our own existence, or the mode of
discharging our duties, the irtode of getting at sub-
jects, of acquiring information, if you please, of
protecting ourselves against aggression, of pre-
serving our own existence; I will say nothing of
our own dignity, for, until we become careful of
it ourselves, I think we need not trouble ourselves
in relation to that matter. We have not been very
careful of our own dignity, and therefore it is not
worth while to talk much about it. But it is ad-
visable, in my judgment, that we should protect
ourselves and secure to ourselves—and that we
may safely and wisely do—all the powers inherent
in us as a constitutional legislative body to effect
the objects for which we were created.
Sir, I see no distinction in this respect between
this body and the House of Representatives,
though one is attempted to be drawn. The Com-
mons have rather more power than the Lords;
they are a great body of themselves, and may
make, inquisitions which the Lords cannot make;
but we are not Lords; we are simply one branch
of the Congress of the United States, with nearly
the same legislative powers—all except the origin-
ation of revenue bills, and a little difference in
regard to impeachments—one body impeaching
and the other trying. Apart from these, we have
power of initiating legislation. We must do the
same things in the same way; and, from the con-
stitution ol'ourbody, and the necessity of the case,
we must have, in my judgment, the same powers.
Then I see 110 objection to the proceeding at
all. I have examined the last answer which has
been made by this gentleman to the question
whether he is ready to testify, anil it is substan-
tially this: "I am ready to testify, if you will dis-
charge me from arrest, and allow me to come vol-
untarily as a citizen before you, on my own motion,
and I will not object to it; butif you force me, and
say that I must testify j and attempt to coerce me,
under these circumstances I will not." That is
the substance of his answer. Well, sir, I hold
that to be no answer at all. Ho should have come
originally on the summons—that certainly could
not have hurt him—and have testified, and then
he would not have been in this difficulty, and this
question would not have been raised.
I close as 1 began, by saying, that while I re-
spect the principle upon which Mr. Hyatt acts,
,and his adhesion to it, and recognize at all times
the power of all men brought to our bar, as to
any other, to make a full defense, and place them-
selves on their own ground, yet we must exercise
our power to protect ourselves; and, while doing
it calmly, and moderately, and wisely, I think the
citizens will not be injured if they have the same
recognition of their duties that we have of our-
selves.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I am sorry to be
under the necessity of troubling the Senate; and
if either of my honorable friends who have ad-
dressed the Senate had expressed my views, I
should refrain from adding a word to what they
have said, because they can say it much better
than I; but I differ with both—more widely with
the Senator from Maine than with the Senator
from Massachusetts. I must, however, do the
Senator from Maine one credit: I think he has
stated the precise grounds upon which we have j
got to act before we pass these resolutions, and I
that is, to get rid of the idea of our living under a
written Constitution with certain restrictions. I
think that is well put.
In the first place, what is it that you propose
to do? You propose to sentence to imprisonment
for life—because he may be imprisoned so lor.g,
by the tenor of your resolutions—a citizen of the
United States on a mere point of etiquette. That
is the whole of it. On a point of etiquette you
propose to sentence a citizen of the United States
to perpetual imprisonment; and to sustain me in
that, I will read this answer:
" In answer to the second question, the undersigned has
been always ready to voluntarily appear, at any time and
at any place, and before any committee of the honorable
Senate, and is now ready, upon his rights as a man and a
citizen being respected ill accordance with the people's
bill of rights in the Constitution of his country."
Which bill of rights he has alluded to in the
answer, to consist of the amendments to the Con-
stitution; but he says he will not be forced there.
In other words, he says, with a character in one
of Shakspeare's plays, that if reasons were as
plenty as blackberries he would not give them
on compulsion. That is exactly the point upon
which he stands; and you say that you will not
hear him voluntarily, but you will hear him by
force; and because he comcs here and offers to go
voluntarily before you, and says he will not be
dragged, you say to him that he shall go .tQ the
penitentiary—no, it is not the penitentiary,- but
the common jail of the city, which is a more filthy
and disgusting place than the penitentiary. You
propose to send him there for and during the term
of his natural life, unless he reverses the ground
on which he stands. That is what you propose
to do; because, when I put the question to the
honorable Senator from Virginia, he says the Sen-
ate is a perpetual body, and that this order runs
forever, or until the man recants. I think you
may search the history of this country, and you
will find no precedent where any legislative body
in this country, at least, ever undertook to im-
prison a witness for contempt beyond the period
of the session when the order was made. 1 may
be mistaken in that, but I think I am not. I think
that is the qualification.
The same mistake that has labored 111 a great
many minds labors in that of the honorable Sen-
ator from Maine, that we have all the powers—if
not all the powers of the British Lords, at least a
considerable portion of them, and that we inherit
just as many of them as are necessary, and that
we ourselves are to judge of the necessity. Now,
sir, with all respect for that Senator—and I have
as much respect for him as I have for any man
whose mind has not been warped by a judicial ed-
ucation—I ask him if there ever was a despotism
on earth that could define its position more satis-
factorily than that? We have got all the powers
that are necessary, and we have to judge of the
necessity! If Louis Napoleon has more than that,
I think he would be willing to give it up readily
I think if there is any despotism on the face of tl'ie
earth that exercises more power than that, it
would be willing to give it up at once, and it would
not occasion any revolution at all. We have
everything that is necessary, we ourselves being
the judges!
The British House of Lords, from which we in-
herit this, has the power to fine and imprison, and
to put to4,eath. We to-day only judge that it is
necessary, for the vindication of our powers, to
imprison a man for life. Our successors next year,
or the year after, themselves being the judges—
that is the doctrine—may think it necessary to put
a man to death for the vindication of their priv-
ileges; and they, judging that it is necessary, and
being themselves the ultimate and final judges,
determine it, and that is an end of it. The Sen-
ate, not very long ago, since its existence, ad-
judged that it was necessary to punish a man for
libel, and they assumed to be the grand inquest to
accuse, and the witnesses to prove, and the jury
to find guilty, and the court to pronounce judg-
ment; and it is a part of our history that the Sen-
ate actually imprisoned a man oncc, not for any
contempt of its authority, but for a libel On this
argument they were perfectly justifiable, because
they thought it was necessary, and they were the
judges of the necessity, and they executed it; and
there you have it: quod crat demonstrandum.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator, I presume,
doss not mean to misrepresent me.
