2046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
may pass. I am for non-intervention honestly and.
fairly. If the people of a Territory want slavery,
and pass a law to establish it, I tliink Congress
has no power to prohibit it. And, on the other
hand, if the people of a Territory do not want
slavery, and refuse to have it by their la\vs, I
deny the right of Congress to force slavery upon
them. I will, therefore, vote against this bill, for
I believe the Constitution gives us no power to
pass it. But I commend the subject to the South as
worthy their consideration.
_ Mr. BINGHAM. I must object to all discus-
sion after the main question has been ordered.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I move to reconsider the vote by which
the House ordered the main question. I take the
responsibility of making that motion. I think
this bill should not be passed in this precipitate
manner.
Mr. GARNETT. I rise to a question of order.
Did my colleague vote for ordering the main ques-
tion? If he did not, he cannot move to reconsider.
Mr. MILLSON. There was no division upon
the motion, and I have the right to make the mo-
tion. I call the yeas and nays upon the motion
to reconsider. I want the names of the gentle-
men to go on record who are in favor of forcing-
a vote upon such a measure as this, without dis-
cussion and without consideration.
Mr. BINGHAM. Id esire to say that gentle-
men on the other side of the House challenged a
vot« upon this bill, and agreed that the vote should
be taken at once without delay.
Mr. MILLSON. I was a party to no such
arrnngi mi nt.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ohio
is mistaken in the statement he makes. Wo chal-
lenged the other side of the Home to a discussion
ol this bill, ami after that discussion, a vote
upon the lull. They have, however, put the gag
upon us, and now I am ready, so far as I am con-
cerned, to vote. I desire, however, to ask the
Chair wli.it would be the effect of reconsidering
the vote oidciing the main question. Would it
open the bill to discussion?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it would,
if the Ilousu should then refuse to order the main
question.
Mr. HOUSTON. Without reconsidering the
vote by which the previous question was seconded?
I he SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it would.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I will say that, for one,
I do not want the motion to reconsider to prevail.
1 am ready to voce on the bill now.
Mr. ClIlUlV, So am 1.
Mi. MILLSON. I call for tellers upon order-
ing the yeas and nays.
^ Telleis wore onlered; and Messrs. Dunjj and
CruuY were appointed.
ihe House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 27, noes l\±
So the yeas and nays were not ordered—one
fifth not having voted therefor.
Mr. Mu,icon's motion was disagreed to; and
the 1 louse relus*;d to reconsiderthc vote by which
the uum question was ordered.
The question was then upon the adoption of the
following amendment:
Insert in the la->t line of ^ceiion three, the words " of Un-
said section* ;"so that tin* clause would lead:
And nil comt? ami torriional or l-Vd< Nil officer*, within
 <an! 'iViTitoiy arc hereby piolnhited lioin exorcisinguuvau-
thorny niifie! oi by virtm.* ol any ot the said suctions oUaid
t«:i ntouaj art-.
The amendment was a:;iced to.
M r. A Dlf A1N. J understand there has been a
report made against tins bill by a minority of the
committee. I axle that that teport may be read.
The SPEAKER. The report is not m the pos-
session of the Chair; and if it were, it would not
be in order to have it read, except by unanimous
consent.
Mr. ADRAIN. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House to have it read.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 object.
Mr. GARNETT. I dcsiic to ask the gentle-
man irons Ohio whether the ConnmtU-o on the
Judiciary luue acted aipon a bill which was some-
time a^o uferred to them, repealing the lows of
the 1 erritoriul Legislature of Kansas prohibiting
Slavery in that 'lYrritory ?
Air. LINGrUAM. ihe rules of the House do j
not p.-s nut me to disclose what took place in com- i
millet;, and I shall therefore respectfully decline I
to answer the gentleman's question. I
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read athird time ;and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. BINGHAM demanded the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. BARKSOALE called for the yeas and
nays upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas ana nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 97, nays- 90; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams Aldrieh, Alley, Ash-
Joy, Babbitt, BoaJc, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Drayton, Buffin-
ton, Burlmganie, Bumham, Butteifield, Campbell, Carey,
Case, Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax, (Jonkimg, Covode,
Dawes, Delano, Duel!, Dunn, Edgcrton, Ertwaids Eliot,
Ely, Parnsworth, Fcnton, Ferry, Foster, Fmnk, Ficnth,
Goooh, Giovv, Gnrley, Hale, Helinick, Hoard, Humphrey,
Ilutchms, Irvine, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, William
Kellogg, Ketiyon, Kilgoie, Killingcr, DeWitt C. Leach.
Lee, Longneeker, Loomi«, Lovejoy, Marston, McKcnn,
McKnight, MePherson, Moothead, Morse, Njaoii, Olm,
Palmer, Perry, Pettit, Porter, Potter, Jiiee, Christopher
Robinson, Royce, Sciauton, Scdgwick, Shciman, Somes,
Spinner, Stanton, Stevoiw, William ritewait, Sfiatton,
Tnppan, Tompkins, Train, Tumble, Vaitdcvci, Verreo,
Wade, Waidton, Walton, Cathvalader C. Washburn, EHihu
B. Wftfahbnrno, Israel Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Windom,
Wood, and Woodruff—97.
NAYS—Messi". Gieen Adam4?, Adrain, Allen, Thomas
Ti. Andeiscm, William C. Andeison, Ashmore, Avery,
Uaik^dnlo, i'ian, Barrett, Boeock, Bontiam, Boyce,'Branch,
Biihtow, Buieh, Kuinett, John B. Claik, Clopton, Cobb,
John Cochrane, Coopei, Cox, James Craig, CiawioiU,
Cmry, II. Winter Davi-=, John C. Davi-j, Do Jamette,
Ethendge, Florence, Garnett. Gaitiell, John T. llarns,
lia^kin, I/awkin.', llolinan, Houston, Howard, Hughes,
•lai-kfton, J-.'uJvui-., Jtjues, Kuitt, Kuukle, Lamar, Landiuia,
liarrabee, James M. Lonch, r. \ikc, Lo^an, Lovo, Chatle-:
I). Martin, McQueen, Mile-;, MilKon, Montgomery, Syden-
ham Moore, Isaac N. Morris, Niblack, Pendleton, Peyton,
Phelps, Piyor, Pugh, Reagan, Reynold-*, JtflncH C.
Robinson, Kuflin, Schwartz, Scott,Simms,Singleton,Wil-
liam Smith, Stalhvoith, Stevenson, Stout,Taylor, Thayer,
Thomas, Underwood, Yallnndigham, Vance, Webstei,
Whiteley, Wnmlow, Woodson, and Wright—90.
So the bill was passed.
During the eal! of the vol!,
Mr. P1NGHAM stated that Mr. Burroughs
had paired otf with Mr. McOlfuvand.
Mr. WEBSTER stated that Mr. Curtis had
paired with Mr. Harms, of Maryland.
Mr. TAYLOR stated that las colle ague, Mr.
Davidson, had been called home by sickness in
his family, and was paired, on all political ques-
tions, with Mr. TnnAKiiR.
Mr. PFIIRY. 1 d!\xire to say that 1 paired
with Mr. Clark, ofMisxouri, during- the Charles-
ton convention, i then agreed to pair with Mr.
Nokm,, unli'ss I could procure some other pair
lor hint. I have agreed to-day to pair him with
Mr. Pottle, of IVew York. I hope that arrange-
ment will be satisfactory to the gentleman's col-
leagues. ( will state that I was authorized by
Mr. Noelt, to effect a pair with him, with the
consent of his colleague, [Mr. Clark.]
^ Mr. VANCE. 1 wrll state that the gentleman
irom. Tennessee [Mr.(oIuarles] is absent in .Bal-
timore, attending the convention now in session
there, having paired with some gentleman, and
having gone there without any idea that such a
proposition would come befoie the House; and I
will say also, in behalf of my other party fiiends
who art; absent m Baltimore, that they will regret
very much that they have not been permitted to
record their votes upon this important measure;
winch they have not been allowed to Jo because
the same courtesy was not extended to them which
was extended to gentlemen who attended the
Charleston convention.
^ Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will say tluit Mr.
Nrxsojf is the gentleman whom 1 announced as
paired with Mr. McRak; and that he never
dreamed of the discourtesy which has been prac-
ticed to-day.
Mr. TAYLOR, 1 will state, in behalf of Mr.
Nllson, that, in the Committee on the Judiciary,
he opposed the bill reported by the majority of the
committee, and would have % ott d against the bill
had he been present.
Mr. FRANK stated that Mr. Spacldikg had
paired with Mr. Maclay. Also that Air. Van
Wvi-k had paired with Mr. Hardeman'. Also
that Mr. Carter had paired with Mr. Rsrni.isn.
Mr. MOR1ULL stated t hat if he had been pres-
ent when ins name was called hewouidhave voted
in fav or of the bill.
Mr. REYNOLDS stated that Mr. Graham hud
paired with Mr. Dlmmick. i
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsidcr the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. REAGAN. I am authorized by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to report a bill to provide
for the examination of claims of citizens of the
United States, for indemnity for spoliations com-
mitted on them by Indians and Mexicans on the
frontiers of the State of Texas.
Mr, GROW. That is not territorial business;
and I object.
BRIDGES US' NEW MEXICO.
Mr. BONHAM, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported back House bill No. 201,
to provide for the construction of four bridges
across the Rio Grande, in the Territory of New
Mexico, with the recommendation that it do not
pass.
The bill was laid on the table.
MILITARY ROAD IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. BONHAM also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back House bill No. 200, providing
for the completion of the military road from Fort
Union, Santa Fc, New Mexico; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the stato
of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
MILITARY ROADS IN WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
Mr. PENDLETON, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill making an appropriation for
the construction of certain military roads in the
Territory of Washington; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
RICHARD CIIENERY.
Mr. SCOTT,wfrom the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported House bill No. 171, for the re-
lief of Richard Chcnery; which was referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
LEGISLATIVE EXPENSES OF MINNESOTA.
Mr. GOOCH, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, reported a bill making an appropriation for
the payment of the expenses of the Legislative
Assembly of Minnesota; which v/as read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN CERTAIN TERRITORIES.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill appropriating money for the
erection of public builamgs in certain Territoiies
therein named, and for other purposes; which
was read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
TERRITORIAL LIBRARIES.
Mr. WALDRON, from the same committee,
reported a bill making an appropriation for terri-
torial libraries; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the statu of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
CALIFORNIA BOUNDARY.
Mr. CASE, from the same committee, reported
a bill to authorize the President of the United
States, in conjunction with the State of California,
to iun and nuirkuhe boundary lines between the
Territories of the United States and the State of
California; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. CASE. I ask that the bill be now put on
its passage.
The bill was read. It provides that the Presi-
dent be authorized and empowered to appoint a
suitable person or persons, in conjunction with
such person or persons as may be appointed on
behalt of California for the same purpose, to run
and mark the boundary line between the United
States and California, commencing at the pojnt of *
intersection of the forty-second degree of north
latitude with the one hundred and twentieth de-
gree ot longitude west.from Gieenwieh, and run-
ning south of the line of the one hundred and
twentieth degree of west longitude, until it inter-
sects the tlurty-lifth degree of north latitude;
