2990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
pairs of buildings already in use, expenditures of
that kind can be made oat of the $300,000 which
we appropriated, or out of the live hundred-odd
thousand dollars proposed to be appropriated by
the Senate. But with a fair construction of the
provision incorporated in the Army appropriation
bill at the last session of Congress, it is my opin-
ion that no portionof this thieehundred thousand
or five hundred thousand dollars can be applied
to the construction of new works wherever they
may be needed for the accommodation of the
Army.
The Secretary of War complied with the legis-
lation of Congress in submitting his estimates in
the form in which they come; that so much was
necessary for Fort Cobb, so much'for Camp Stock-
ton, and so for all the posts in detail. Upon a fair
construction of the Army appropriation bill of the
last session of Congress, the Secretary of War
would not be authorized in expending any gen-
eral fund at any new barracks or post proposed to
be established, except it be specifically designated
by the law making the appropriation, i have
submitted this amendment proformat to enable me
to make this explanation; and if there be no
objection, i will withdraw it.
Mr. CURTIS. I object to the withdrawal at
this moment. I have a word to say in opposi-
tion to it. I sec no cause for apprehension in
regard to the power of making new barracks, if we
make the appropriation; for these officers will al-
ways find some way of making it legal to expend
all the money we appropriate, be it less or more.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the policy pursued by
the Military Committee, in recommendingappro-
priations suggested by the Department, has been
guided by tins idea: that we have no cause for
erecting permanent barracks for our troops at
this time; thai all the available forces of the Uni-
ted States ought to be quartered on the frontier.
Wc have but a small Army,and we have but one
foe, which is the Indian. Our Army are con-
stantly in a state of active service when they are
in a state of proximity to the Indians. Now,
why should we go to building permanent bar-
racks at any of the fortifications of tin; United
States, when all the forces of our Army, cavalry,
infantry,and artillery, urc needed on the frontier5
You have, from Texas and from elsewhere, all
along the frontier, continued ami earnest appeals
to Congress for troops to be sent to their defense;
and now we are told that a large force is lying
idle at one of the old fortifications. Mr. Chair-
man, let me tei! you that there is no man in this
House who is more willing to make liberal appro-
priations for fortifications in time of peace than
myself, but there is no necessity for garrisoning
our forts. As I have said, not one company of
troops should be kept at any of your old fortifi-
cations.
The Committee on Military Affairs have actod
on the assumption that the Army should all be
stationed in the neighborhood of that foe which
stand ready to make war upon our people, and
that your appropriations can be better expended
than in the erection of permanent barracks. We
are, therefore, not willing to recommend appro-
priations for barracks at Carlisle, or at Old Point
Comfort. Our policy has been to direct all the
appropriations for this purpose to the western
frontier, and not forpeimanent barracks there,
for they are not necessary. Why should we ex-
pend laigc sums of money in building fortifica-
tions and permanent barracks in the West, when
we know that the progressive columns of civil-
ization are driving back the Indians, and that
stations now upon the extreme frontier will soon
be surrounded by populous settlements i Fortifi-
cations are one thing and barracks are another.
My honorable friend from Virginia says that this
point is one of the most important in the United
States. I concede*that it is,and I will go for any
appropriation that is necessary for building up or
keeping m repair that or any other important
work of defense accoiding to the plans of your
engineers. But when you come to making bar-
racks; when you come to the erection of dwellings
for your Army, the policy of the Committee on
Military Affairs is, that while all the troops should
be stationed in the West in time of peace, it is
unnecessary to expend large sums of money m
barracks at the old fortifications.
Mr. PEYTON. 1 desire to know if the amend-
ment reported by the Military Committee is in-
cluded in this $500,000 contained in this Senate
amendment?
Mr. STANTON. The amendment proposed
by the Committee on Military Affairs is a substi-
tute for the Senate amendment. We propose to
strike out the amendment of the Senate, and to
insert a provision containing a smaller appropria-
tion.
Mr. PHELPS, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio by
striking out the appropriation of ยง10,000 for bar-
racks at Camp Cooper. That will make the amount
recommended by the Military Committee sub-
stantially the same as that recommended by the
Committee of Ways and Means; and it will ac-
complish the purpose the Committeeof Ways and
Means had in view better than, with their imper-
fect acquaintance with the military department of
the Government,they were able to carry out them-
selves; for it appropriates specific sums of money
to be expended at each individual station, and to
that extent places the control over the expendi-
tures of the War Department in the legislative de-
partment, where it belongs. We think there is
no necessity for an appropriation at Camp Cooper
at all; and for that reason I offer this amendment,
in good faith, and hope it will be adopted.
Mr. STANTON. In relation to this appropri-
ation foi Camp Cooper, the Departmentestimated
in detail $.64,000 for barracks at that post. Since
the amendments of the Senate to the Army ap-
propnation hill have been printed, we called upon
the (Quartermaster General to know what weie
the necessities of the seiviec m relation tu these
bariacks. lie told us that the estimates for Camp
Cooper might be omitted, with the exception of a
small sum for icpairs of barracks; and in pursu-
ance of his suggestion, we reduced the appropri-
ation from &G4,OUO, as estimated, to $10,000, which
was deemed necessary for repairs. Now, as to
whether even that sum is necessary to be expended
at Camp Cooper, or as to whether this whole
amount appropriated in general is absolutely ne-
cessary or not, 1 confess that I have no very de-
cided opinion. 1 think that perhaps the $10,000,
which the gentleman from Maryland proposes to
strike out, may be spared.
Mr. REAGAN. 1 merely want to say that I
suppose, of course, as this is for my section of
country, in order to preserve harmony of action
on the part of the House, it will be stricken out.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. REAGAN. I desire to call the attention
of the committee to the fact, that as to these forts,
where there is a state of profound peace and pros-
perity, it is not difficult to get twenty, forty, sixty,
or a hundred thousand dollars; but where there is
a frontier upon which there is a state of carnage;
where the people are being killed , and their prop-
erty destroyed, it is a difficult matter to get an
appropriation of even $10,000 for their protec-
tion.
Mr. PHELPS. I wish to offer an amendment.
I desire to have that part of the amendment in
reference to the department of New Mexico read.
The amendment was read, as follows:
At Foit Maicy, $3,500; at Camp Burgwm, $1,400; at
Fort Defiance, $?;0u0.
Mr. PHELPS. I understand that the military
post at Fort Defiance is to be removed. The bar-
racks there are but temporary buildings, and it is
proposed to remove it to a more desirable location.
Orders to that effect have been issued. I suggest,
therefore, a modification of that part of the amend-
ment, so that it shall read:
At Fort Detiauce, or such other posi as may be selected
in lieu theieof. &c.
Mr. STANTON. I do not know as there is
anv objection to that.
Mr. tHELRS. As orders to that effect have
been issued, ยฃ move the amendment I have indi-
cated.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. PHELPS. I have another amendment.
It is this:
For rebuilding Fost Union, or erecting public buildings
at meli other depot as may be designated in lieu theieof,
$15,000.
The buildings at Fort Union are log buildings.
This post is in the Territory of New Mexico. An
order has been issued directing the removal of
that military post to some more eligible position;
and for the purpose of erecting buildings on the
new site, if one shall be directed to be selected,
$15,000 are estimated as being necessary. If the
post shall be retained at Fort Union, it becomes
necessary to rebuild it. The amendment is in
accordance with estimatesfrom the Quartermaster
General's department. At the same time that an
order was issued directing Fort Defiance to be
removed, a similar order issued directing Fort
Union to be removed to some other more eligible
point.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Is not Fort Union
upon the route of the emigration from Missouri
and our western borders to New Mexico ?
Mr. PHELPS. It is in the department of New
Mexico. I submit the amendment for the rebuild-
ing of Fort Union, or the erecting public build-
ings at such other point as may be designated in
lieu thereof. The question is now being consid-
ered whether they shall or shall not be removed.
If the post is removed, the Department will need
the money. If it is not removed, the money will
be needed for making the necessary repairs at
Fort Union.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I am opposed to the
amendment, on the ground that Fort Union is the
most eligible post. The amendment contemplates
the erection of another fort, and the abandonment
of Fort Union. Fort Union stands directly upon
what is known as the great Santa Fe road, and in
the line of travel between Missouri and all the set-
tlements upon this side, and New Mexico.* As I
understand the gentleman, it is contemplated to
abandon that fort, and erect another upon Red
liver, which is not at all upon the line of travel.
It is not upon the line of travel and commerce be-
tween the States and New Mexico. If Fort Union
is abandoned, and another built, it will be an
abandonment of all protection of the merchants
who trade between the State which the gentleman,
as well as myself, represents, and the Territory
of New Mexico.
Therefore 1 am opposed to an amendment pro-
viding for the erection of a post where it is not
wanted, and for the abandonment of a fort which
is necessary for the defense of a great commerce
now existing between the States and that Terri-
tory.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. 1 desire to ask the
gentleman from Missouri a question. Has this
been recommended by the Department?
Mr. PHELPS. It has been.
Mr. "DAVIS, of Maryland. Where?
Mr. PHELPS. At page 1G7 of the general
estimates. It reads as follows:
Foi lebuikhng Fost Cmon, or eieetiug Mich othet depot
ah may bo designated m lieu thereof, $lf>,000.
So my amendment is in the exact words of the
estimates.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Does the gentle-
man designate the place3
Mr. PHELPS. No, sir. Two different places
have been examined, one upon the Pecos, and
another upon the Red or Canadian river. If the
Department thinks proper to select a different sito
from the present one, it will be necessary to ex-
pend this money there. If they deem it proper to
rebuild Foit Union, then the money will be neees-
saiy.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Too many forts
have already been established in that country. I
would inquire of the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs whether he has not included
this amount in his amendment?
Mr. STANTON. In reply to the gentleman
from Maryland, I ask the Clerk to read the appro-
priation for the deparment of New Mexico.
The Clerk read, as follows:
At Fort Marcy, $3,500; at Camp Burgwm,$1,400; and
at Fort Defiance, oi .such other yo^t as~ may he dot-ignated
in lieu thereof, ,$7,000.
Mr. STANTON. Then there is no amount
included for Fort Union.
The amendment of Mr. Phelps to the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. The amendment which has
been adopted in reference to Fort Monroe makes
it necessary that the sum appropriated should be
reduced by the amount of $92,000. 1 therefore
move to diminish the amount by that sum.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GtUARLES. I move to amend the amend-
