1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
&3
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Because the party
you denominated Danites, about five thousand
strong when united with you, outnumbered us.
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir; and I state the prop-
osition distinctly to-day that Illinois is a Dem-
ocratic State, and that a Democratic Legislature
triumphantly elected Judge Douglas over the tra-
ducers of the Constitution in our own State. The
gentleman made this charge for political purposes;
that it might be heralded to the North, South,
East, and West*; that an allegation had been made
against Judge Douglas, and that he had no friend
upon this floor who had the manliness to repel
that charge as it should have been repelled. I
tell the gentleman now, since he has refused this
morning, to bring forward his proof, that from
this time forth, I shall never notice it. I scorn to
notice it any further, and the reason for itis this:
I made a charge once, in the Legislature of the
State of Illinois, and I stood up and did prove it,
when called upon for the proof, and did not shrink
from responsibility, and like a spaniel cower 
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Does the gen-
tleman call me a spaniel coward?
Here Mr. Kellogg advanced in a threatening
attitude towards Mr. Logan. They were with
some difficulty kept apart by members surround-
ing them, in the midst of the utmost confusion
and disorder. Several members rose to questions
of order, but the Clerk refused to entertain any
question of order, or to listen to any debate until
the House came to order. Order being partially
restored,
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, said: Mr. Clerk,
is the Sergeant-at-Arms in the House to preserve
order?
The CLERK. The Clerk does not know
whether the Sergeant-at-Arms is or is not in the
Hall, or whether the Clerk has the power to call
on him if he was. The Clerk now sees that the
Sergeant-at-Arms is here in accordance' with his
duty. Gentlemen are respectfully requested to
take their seats.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope gentlemen will allow
me to proceed. I assure gentlemen that I am in no
danger of receiving injury.
[Continued excitement and confusion, the Clerk
knocking loudly with the gavel.]
Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Clerk 
The CLERK. Does the gentleman from Illi-
nois yield to the gentleman from Louisiana?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly, for a moment.
Mr. TAYLOR. I suggest to this House that
it is time that the course of proceeding which has
been entertained should cease. [Cries of " That
is right!" " That is right!" from the Republican
benches.] The time has arrived when this species
of discussion, which can tend to nothing but ex-
citement and personal irritation, should be term-
inated, [cries of "Good!" from the Republican
benches, and applause from the galleries,] and that
the Representatives of the people should now
proceed 
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman from Lou-
isiana permit m* [cries of " No !'' " No !"]
Mr. TAYLOR. Allow me to say that the
gentlemen of the House of Representatives should
now proceed, quietly and with dignity, to vote
until we "have effected an organization, in order
that there may be some person clothed with that
authority which is essential to the preservation
of order and decorum amongst us. [" That is
right!" and applause from the Republican benches
and the galleries.] For myself, Mr. Clerk, my
feelings are as strongly cahsted in the various
questions that may be agitated hero as those of
any other member on this floor. But, sir, I can-
not fail to remember that I am one of the Repre-
sentatives of the American people, [applause,]
and that, as a Representative of the American
people, it is my duty to do all in my power 
Mr. LOGAN. J hope the gentleman will per-
mit me. I did not yield the floor for the pur-
pose 
The CLERK. The gentleman from Illinois
yielded the floor to the gentleman from Louis-
iana.
Mr. LOGAN. I said I would yield for a mo-
ment, and only for a moment, in order that the
gentleman might make a statement. I say this to
the House, if gentlemen will allow me, they need
have no serious apprehension of any trouble be-
tween the gentleman and myself. [Hisses from
the Republican benches and galleries.]
Mr. TAYLOR. I would only suggest, if it be
in order, that the gentleman [Mr. Logan] may
have an opportunity to discuss any matter that
may interest him, in the way in which it will be
useful to him and useful to the public. I make
this suggestion; and I trust that the gentleman,
out of regard to his own wishes and out of regard
to the object he has in view, will yield to this
suggestion. Now, we arc a mere unorganized
assemblage of persons, without there being one
single individual possessed of any power that can
contribute to the preservation of order, or without
any member having a right to carry on a proper
and fair discussion. *
Now, the gentleman himself must be aware that
there was an interruption while he was engaged
in making the remarks which he desired to make.
That interruption was of a charactcr that would
have terminated in a permanent interruption of
that discussion, and possibly have terminated in
an adjournment, if it had not been for the inter-
ference of gentlemen—the friends of both parties
—who were then present.
Under these circumstances, I have felt impelled
to call the attention of the House, and the atten-
tion of the gentleman himself, to the peculiar con-
dition in which we are placed, and to beg of him
to discontinue his remarks at this time,In order
that he may resume them at a future time, after
the House is in a position to enable him to pros-
ecute any fair subject of discussion in a proper
manner. [Applause from the galleries.]
Several Members. Make a motion.
Mr. TAYLOR. I will not make any motion,
unless the gentleman from Illinois yield for that
purpose.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope the House will allow
me a moment. [Hisses.]
Mr. STANTON. I am entitled to the floor,
Mr. Ck-ik.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Ohio
yielded the floor to the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. LOGAN. I want to know whether, if my
friends are assailed on this floor, I shall not have
the opportunity of addressing myself to the
House, for the purpose of showing the character
of the accusation. I will do it m as mild a temper
as I am capable of. If that privilege be not
allowed to mc, and to my friends, then! only say
that the delegation from Illinois have not the same
rights on this floor that are granted to delegations
from other States. If I am to be hissed; if I am
to be clapped down, or if I am to be intimidated
m this Hal), allow me to say that I have as many
rights, whether they be respected or not, as any
other man on the floor. [Claps and hisses.]
Mr. BARR. I will say to the Clerk that if the
applause and hissing in the gallery be not stopped,
I will move a resolution that the galleries be
cleared.
Mr. GROW. Well, Mr. Clerk, I hope sim-
ilar demonstrations will be stopped on the floor
at the same time.
Mr. FLORENCE. The example is set on this
floor; and until the demonstrations cease here,the
galleries cannot be cleared. [Applause in the
galleries.]
Mr. BARR. The galleries have done more to
irritate gentlemen of the House than all that has
been done or said on the floor.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
I do not desire to interrupt the gentleman fiom
Illinois, or to interfere with him at all; but when
the charge is made by members that the galleries
arc responsible for the hissing and clapping, I say
that the example was set by the Republican party
on this floor. [Clapping.] The very first hiss-
ing and applause took place here. Now, I am
opposed to it; I think that it is disgraceful; I think
that the House has been disgraced by this eon-
duct. I think that it is all wrong; but I want the
responsibility to fall where it ought.
Mr. LOGAN. If I have constitutional rights
guarantied to me as to other men, I intend to finish
my remarks.
The CLERK. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois suspend his remarks until order is restored?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a question of
order. My point of order is, that the remarks
of the gentleman are out of order.
Mr. LOGAN. It is very strange to me that
points of order are not raised when charges are
made instead of when they are being refuted.
The CLERK. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois suspend to enable the Clerk to make a state-
ment to the House? The discussion which his
proceeded for two days the Clerk has not felt at lib-
erty to undertake to control. Upon the question
pending before the House gentlemen have been al-
lowed to pursue such a line of remark as they have
seen fit, and the Clerk has not felt it to be within
his power, or within his duty; to arrest that course
of remark. He regrets very much that scenes of
disorder should grow out of it; but, with his pres-
ent opinions, he does not consider himself as hav-
ing any right to control it, other than the right he
has as the temporary presiding officer of the House,
supported not bylaw, but supported, solely by
the desire of gentlemen upon the floor t6 keep
within the rules of order, arid to maintain that
order and decorum df debate due to a deliberative
body. Hence, when the other day a scene of dis-
order occurred, he called upon members to exert
their power to preserve the decorum of the House.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] was
this morning entitled to the floor; he gave way to
one and another for the purpose of remarks upon
the subject which has been introduced here this
morning, and the Clerk does not feel authorized to
| stop any gentleman who may occupy the lloor by
i the permission of another in any remarks he may
j sec proper to make, unless they are evidently
' such as are likely to lead to disorder. The gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] claims that he
has the right to proceed with his remarks. The
question was put to the House, which decided,
by a vote that he should be permitted to proceed.
Now, again, the question of order is raised that
his remarks are out of order. If the question bo
insisted on, the Clerk will submit it to the House.
Mr. BURNETT. I must beg leave to differ
with the Clerk. The question was put to the
House whether the gentleman from Illinois should
proceed, and it was decided that he, should pro-
ceed. Now, I say that no gcntlpm&n can take the
floor to make anv such point upon him until he
gets through. 'Tho gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
FAnvswoRTii] has no right to claim the floor
under color of rising to a question of order upon
his colleague, and ask that such a question shall
be submitted to the House.
The CLERK. The Clerk understands the par-
• liamentary law to be that any member has the
1 right to raise a question of order; whether it shall
be sustained or not, is a question for the House
to determine, as the Clerk thinks.
Mr. BURNETT. It is not a question of order
at all that the gentleman makes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly it is.
Mr. HOUSTON. The difference between this
case and the one "which the Clerk puts is this:
that this is a proceeding out of order rendered in
ii order by the positive vote of the House, so that
j it does not fall within the ordinary rules of par-
i liamentary law. The gentleman from Illinois
| [Mr. Logan] is entitled to the floor, not by the
J assignment of the Clerk or tl!e permission of the
| gentleman from Ohio, but by a vote of the House;
1 and having the express authority of the House,
j he has a right to proceed with his remarks, and
these points of order cannot wrest the floor from
, a gentleman who holds it by a vote of the House,
i Mr. FARNSWORTH. * I make this question
; of order 
! Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman has made his
! point of order, and I insist that I am entitled to
the floor, even if the point of order is entertained,
' to discuss it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have the floor,and
; I make that question of order, and if it is debat-
' able I propose to debate it.
Mr. LOGAN. I want to know how my col-
league can take the floor from me tomakeaques-
; tion of order.
■ Mr. FARNSWORTH. Any gentleman has a
right to make-a question of order, and I suppose
1 1 can discuss it.
The CLERK. The Clerk will not decide that
the gentleman from Illinois has the right to take
■ the floor from his colleague.
i Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not propose to
■ take the floor from my colleague, but I propose
i to state the grounds of my question of order.
! The CLERK. The Clerk thinks the gentleman
has the right to state his reasons for raising the
question of order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Is this conversa-
tion upon the floor in order? I have no question,
