1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
299i
ment by striking out all that relates to Mack-
inac. X do not thmk there is any necessity for it.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. BRANCH. I understand that the proposi-
tion of the Military Committee is to make these
appropriations specific, instead of giving a large
sum in general terms. I think the proposition of
the Military Committee is clearly tne best. We
ought always to make specific appropriations.
Mr. REAGAN. I do not understand thatthis
method of appropriation is recommended by the
War Department, but that this is a Military Com-
mittee, taking charge of the distribution of the
sum appropriated, instead of leaving the distribu-
tion to the discretion of the War Department,
according to their views of the demands of the
service.
Mr. STANTON. I think it is true that the
War Department would prefer an appropriation
of $15,000,000 in a gross sum instead of distrib-
uting it. The Military Committee did not think
that the best course.
The amendmentof Mr. Stanton,as amended,
was agreed to.
The Senate amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
Fifth amendment:
Line one hundred and forty-three, page 7, strike out" two
hundied and fifty,and insert "thiee hundred," so that
the clause will lead :
For ordnance, ordnance stores, and supplies, including
horse equipments for the mounted regiments, $300,000.
Mr. BOTELER. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senate by adding at the end thereof
the words:
And that the sum of $400,000 is hereby appropriated, in
addition to the annual sum already provided by the first
section of the act of April 23,1808, for the purchase and dis-
tribution of arms foi the whole body of the militia of the
United State*, and that such aims be supplied contormably
to the requisitions ol the respective States.
Mr, STANTON. 1 rise to a question of order.
I do not see how that amendment is germane to
the amendment of the Senate, which is to strike
out "two hundred and fifty" and insert "three
hundred." There is no independent amendment
of the Senate heyond the mere alteration of sum.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is inclined to
sustain the point of order.
Mr. BOTELER. Is that decision debatable?
If it is not, I take an appeal, with all due defer-
ence, from the decision of the Chair. I think my
amendment is germane to the section of the bill
which relates to an appropriation for ordnance,
ordnance stores, and supplies. The Senate pro-
poses to increase the amount for munitions of war.
My proposition is to increase the appropriation
for munitions of war. Arms are munitions of
war, and I am sure that an increase over the
amount proposed by the Senate must be in order,
germane, and altogether pertinent to this partic-
ular section.
The question was put, Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee? and it was decided in the affirmative.
So the amendment was ruled out of order.
Mr. STANTON. The Committee on Military
Affairs recommend a non-concurrence in the fifth
amendment of the Senate. It is for ordnance,
ordnance stores, and supplies, including horse
equipments for the mounted regiments, $250,000.
The difference between the Committee of Ways
and .Means and the Senate is this: the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means took the actual appro-
priation of last year as the standard of expend-
iture, for the purpose of ordnance, ordnance stores,
supplies, &c. The Senate have taken the esti-
mates as furnished by the War Department. I
called upon the chief of the ordnance depart-
ment to ascertain whether he could not get along
with $250,000. Ho said that although there might
be some difficulty, yet he could get along with
§250,000 for the next year, and he was satisfied
that the House appropriation should be taken.
ENROLLED BILL.
The committee rose informally; and Mr Da-
vidson, from the Committee on Enrolled Rills,
reported that the committee had examined, and
found truly enrolled, an act (S. No. 168) to amend
"An act to define and regulate the jurisdiction of
the district courts of the"Unitcd States in Califor-
nia in regard to the survey and location of con-
firmed private land claims."
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union resumed its session.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The Committe of
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence
in the amendment of the Senate. I wish, how-
ever, to express my own individual opinion on
the subject. Although a member of that com-
mittee, and charged here to represent their action,
I think that a more prudent economy would be
exhibited in concurring with the Senate in their
amendment, because at this time every species of
improvement in fire-arms and heavy ordnance is
being pushed on with the utmost vigor in all parts
of the country, and it is plain that the results of
any military operation hereafter is, in a great
measure, dependent on our being able to compete
with any nation of the world in the improved arms
of modern warfare. Whatever, therefore, the
House may see fit to do on this matter, whether
it shall see fit to persevere in our improvements
of fire-arms, or whether we shall see fit to post-
pone that matter to a future period, I desire to
declare that, in my judgment, the safety of the
Republic depends m a very great measure on our
now making liberal expenditures to arm our troops
in a manner equal to the best armed troops in the
world. I do not want to press the House to con-
cur in my views; I merely wished to make this
declaration as to what I regard as a matter of very
great public importance. j
The question was taken; and the Senate amend-
ment was non-concurred m. * /
Sixth amendment:
For the const! uction of a military post in or near the val-
ley of the Red River of the North, between the forty-sixth
and forty-seventh degieesof nouh latitude, ^jO.OOO; the
site to be selectr-d and the post built under the direction of
the Secretary of War.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. BRANCH. 1 propose to amend that
amendment by adding the following proviso:
Provided, The Secretary of War shall deem the estab-
lishment ot such a post called foi by the public interest.
The amendment to the amend ment was adopted.
The question recurred on the Senate amend-
ment as amended.
Mr. STANTON. The Committee on Military
Affairs have agreed to recommend concurrence in
the amendment of the Senate. This post is situ-
ated in the Pembina region, where there have
been always some troops heretofore, but where
they are entirely destitute of barracks. There
are no other barracks in that whole region of
country for the troops essential to the protection
of the frontier. It is not like the southwestern
border, which is spotted all over with military
posts. There is a map which has been very re-
cently prepared at the War Department, contain-
ing the present locations of all the troops and mil-
itary posts of the United States, and anybody
who looks at it and sees the scope of country that
is destitute of military posts and barracks will at
once, it seems to me, admit the necessity of some
protection in that region.
Mr. DAVIS, ofMaryiand. The Committee of
Ways and Means did not perceive any necessity
for the construction of bairacks at that point.
The committee was further influenced by" the law
which was passed at the last session of Congress
at the instance, I believe, of my friend from Ohio,
providing that no permanent barrack or quarters
shall hereafter be constructed unless detailed esti-
mates shall be previously submitted to Congress,
and shall have been approved by a special appro-
priation for the same. If this post is so import-
ant, it seems singular that the Department of War
should not only entirely omit to mention it in their
annual estimates, but that up to this period of the
session no detailed estimate or plan has been sub-
nutted to any committee of either Hourp for the
construction of these works. I thinkthat, even if
an appropriation were made, the Department could
hardly go on to construct the woilc until this pro-
viso were repealed. However that may be, it is
plain that the military department of the Gov-
ernment cannot regard it as of very essential im-
portance, since they have entirely failed to recom-
mend it. For my own part, I am unwilling to
vote any large appropriation of money for the j
purpose of erecting fortifications or barracks un-
less the military department of the Government
recommcnd it. That department is charged with
considering the importance of every point, in a
military point of view. It is charged with th£
distribution of troops for military purposes. We
arc entitled to its opinion on the subject, and I am"
generally inclined, on these points, to yield my
judgment to theirs, even if adverse. Here we
have no recommendation at all.
Mr. CURTIS. I move to amend by increas-'
ing the appropriation to $51,000. The honorable"
gentleman of the Committee of Waysand Means-
is mistaken in supposing that the Government of
the United States has not recommended that post
on the Red River of the North. On the contrary,
we have had, from year to year, explorations and
extensive preparations for the establishment of a
post there. I have not the books here to «how
what particular estimates were made, but I ap-
prehend that this amount is not too great. There
is a post there already; but there are not the quar-
ters necessary for the accommodation of troops as
they should be accommodated in that rigorous
climate. The trade through this region toward
Hudson's Bay and the British settlements is now
very considerable, and needs protection. Last
winter the people of the frontier had to send a
military forcc to guard the steamboats on the Red
River of the North. There is no part of the United
States where a permanent, substantial post is
more necessary than there. Of course, if Con-
'gress makes the appropriation, the War Depart- «
ment will not go on with the construction of the
work till it has the proper plans and estimates
before it. We only give them the same power
that they have in other cases, to go on and build
the post after these conditions are complied with.
I hope, therefore, that this amendment will be
concurrcd in. It is the only military post in all
that region of country that the Military Commit-
tee think necessary and proper as a permanent
work. The day is not far distant when the Mis-
sissippi river will be connected with Hudson's
Bay, as it now is with the Gulf of Mexico; and
this post isonewhichtheWarDepartmentwould
recommend, if it has not already done so.
Mr. DAVIS, ofMaryiand. It is doubtless very
true that explorations have been made on the Red
Ruer of the North, and perhaps on every point
fiom there to the Pacific ocean, as to the fitness
of various points for military posts. The fact
that these explorations have not resulted m the
fixing of a point proves that the War Department
have not yet made up their minds as to the neces-
sity or propriety of having one at any point. It
would exhibit m this House the most remarkable
capriciousness in point of policy, if, after the last
Congress declaring that there should be no ex-
penditure for the establishment of new posts, un-
less specific estimates were first submitted to the
House with the annual estimates, they should
now, not only without any such detailed esti-
mates, but without any recommendation from
any responsible source connected with the Gov-
ernment, see fit to direct the establishment of a
post at a point not even indicated in the bill. I
submit that we should at least have some respect
for the gentlemen who aie at the head of the mil-
itary department of the Government; and if they
make a recommendation, take it into our favor-
able consideration. If they think there is no ne-
cessity for a fort at this point, we should not force
one on them blindly and without a reason. There
is scarcely any population in that country. There
have been no hostile inroads of Indians demand-
ing any great concentration of troops. A single
steamer has passed up the Red river to the Brit-
ish possessions, and it does not appear that it was
attacked. I submit that this is merely an attempt
to get a frontier post as a nucleus for settlement,
ana not to defend settlements already there.
Mr. CURTIS I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I move to
increase the amount five dollars.
Mr. Chairman, if there be a position in our
entire country which calls for a military post, it
is certainly this position on the borders of Min-
nesota. Settlements have extended to the Red
River of the North. There is aheady an almost
unbroken line of settlements from St Paul to the
position where this amendment pioposos to place
this military post. There is now a line of stcam-
erson theRed River of the Noith running to Lake
Winnipeg. It is known thatwhee it is proposed
to place this fort is, and has been tor many years,
the great war ground of tiie Indians. It is there
