1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
thcnce, running in a straight line in a southeast-
erly direction to the river Colorado, at a point
where it intersects the thirty-fifth decree of north
latitude; that such landmarks be established on
the boundary as may be agreed upon by those
charged with the duty; that the person or persons
appointed and employed on the part and behalf
of California shall be paid by the said State; and
further, that no person, except a superintendent
or commissioner, shall be appointed or employed
in this service by the United States, but such as
are required to make the necessary observations
and surveys; to ascertain such lines; and to erect
suitable monuments thereon, and make return of
the same.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. CASE demanded the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under the operation
thereof, the bill was passed.
Mr. CASE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the'table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TERRITORY OF IDAHO.
Mr. GROW, from the Committee on Territo-
ries, reported a bill to provide a temporary gov-
ernment for the Territory of Idaho; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I appeal to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to allow me to offer
an amendment to the bill, embracing two addi-
tional sections.
Mr. GROW. I desire first to yield to the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Clark,] who repre-
sents the minority of the committee. After he
has proposed his amendment, I purpose to move
to recommit the bill.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. By the indulgence
of the chairman of the Committee on Territories,
I move to strike from the bill the following proviso:
Provided, That whereas slavery had no legal existence
in said Territory, nothing hetem contained shall be con-
strued to authoiizc or permit its existence therein.
Mr. GROW. I yield in order that that motion
may be entered.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I wish to say a
word or two. I wish also to move that the fol-
lowing words be inserted:
Provided, That the Lejri&Iature of said Territory .-hall
not, by any legislation whatever, establish or prohibit sla-
very in i-aul Teriitory, or annul or impair the rights of
slave or othei propeity tlleiein, recognized as sueh by the
Constitution of the United States.
Mr. GROW. I cannot yield in order that that
amendment shall be moved. I ask that the mo-
tion to recommit be entered.
ITie SPEAKER,. The motion to recommit is
entered.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. With the'eonsent
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I move an
amendment to the bill, embracing two additional
sections.
Mr. GROW. I yield that the gentleman may
submit his amendment.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Beforo those sec-
tions are read, I desire to know whether they are
to be open for debate. If they are, I propose to
show, when the sections are read, that my col-
league has been playing the demagogue here.
[Laughter.]
Mr. GROW. I'object. Debate is not in order.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Perhaps 1 ought
not to reply to the remark made by the member
from Illinois; but I must say, however, that it is
impossible for him to deport himself as a gentle-
man, for the Almighty lias written upon his front
that lie cannot be a gentleman; therefore no lan-
guage but that of blackguard can be expected of
him. [Cries of " Order!"]
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I have already de-
nounced my colleague as a demagogue. [Cries of
••Order!")' 1 denounce him also as having ut-
tered a deliberate falsehood in this Houss. [Loud
cries to older.] I can prove what I say, and he
knows it. [Continued cries to order.] He libeled
Doiglas and Greeley. [Cries of "Order!" "Or-
der!''] 1 want my question answered, Mr.
Speaker. Aiv these amendments open to debate?
If they are, 1 have something to say. _
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a question of the
highest privilege. I move, sir, that this House
pass a vote of censare upon the gentleman from
Illinois, for the use of unparliamentary and im-
proper language, and the application of it to his
colleague. It seems to me that it is time that we
should censure the use of unparliamentary lan-
guage in this House.
A Member. Which gentleman from Illinois
is meant?
Mr. WINSLOW. The words have not been
taken down. Until that has been done it is not
in order to pass a vote of censure.
Mr. ADRAIN. If a vote of censure be passed,
it ought to be upon both gentlemen. Both used
highly improper and unparliamentary language.
1 agree with the gentleman from Ohio, that we
ought to do something to preserve the dignity of
this House, and to save the fair character of this
country. If censure be applied to one of these
gentlemen, it certainly ought to be applied to the
other.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
The motion made by the gentleman from Ohio I
insist is not in order, for the language used has
not been reduced to writing. Until that is done,
the motion to pass a vote of censure is not in
order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rose at the moment, but
could not be heard.
Mr. PHELPS. I suggest, then, thatmy friend
withdraw his motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust, sir, that the scene
we had here this morning will never be repeated.
I have myself no feeling against either of the gen-
tlemen .
Mr. GROW. I hope the motion will be with-
drawn. The language used is much milder than
that we have often heard at this session. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. GROW. Mr. Chairman, let me state the
condition of the pending bill to provide a tempo-
rary government for the Territory of Idaho.
A bill is presented to organize the Territory of
Idaho. The gentleman from Missouri [Mr.Clark]
moved to amend the sixth section. The motion
was entered; and I then moved to recommit to the
Committee on Territories. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Kellogg] appealed to me to allow
him to offer an amendment, which I desire to have
read at the Clerk's desk, so that I may know
whether I shall withdraw my motion to recom-
mit.
Mr. Kellogg's amendment was read, as fol-
lows:
- Set:. 18. Jind be it further enacted, That whenever the
actual resident inhabitants of said Territory shall amount
to twenty thousand, the Tcrritona] Legislature shall, and
it is hereby made the duty of sueh Legislature to, provide by
law lor the election of all tcrritoual officers* hereinbefore
by this aef provided to be appointed by the Provident, all
of whom shall be commissioned by The Governor of the
Terutorv, exceptthe Governor; and the Governoi so elected
shall bo commissioned by the President; and the terms of
office and the salary of such officers shall be established
and fixed by the Legislature ofsuch Teiutory.
Stc. 19. Jind be it fu) titer cnacted, That sueh Territorial
Legislature shall provide by law for the manner in which
sueh officeis shall be qualified before entcrmgupon thedu-
tics oi their respective offices ; and that when such officers
shall be duly qualified, they shall enter upon the discharge
of the duties of their offices respectively, and the term of
the then incumbents of baid offices shall thereupon cease
and expire.
Mr. GROW. In order that there may be a
separate voto in the House on this amendment, I
withdraw the motion to recommit, so as to allow
the amendment to be offered; and then I will re-
new the motion to recommit.
The SPEAKER. Dous the gentleman from
Pennsylvania offer this amendment himself?
Mr. GROW. No, sir; but I withdraw the mo-
tion, to allow the gentleman from Illinois to offer it.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I now offer it as
an amendment.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I now ask leave
to offer my amendment.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. GROW. I cannot yield for that.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. 1 hope the House
will vote down the motion to recommit, so that
T may have an opportunity of offering that amend-
ment.
Mr. THAYER. I propose the foliowingamend-
ment:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert as fol-
*°That all the public lands lyiny within the following bound-
aries shall constitute a- land district to be called the Jeffer-
son land district; beginning at a point in,the Territory of .
Nebraska, where the twenty-fifth^mertdian west frojm
Washington crosses the forty-seconaparallel of north lati-
tude ; thence due west by the southern boundary OfWash-
ington Territory to the point where the Bear river makes
its lo wer crossing of the southern boundary of Washington
Ierritory; thence by said river southward to the Great
Salt Lake; thenec by the eastern eliore of said lake to the
mouth of the river Jordan; thencc by the river Jordan
southward to Utah lake; thence by the western shore of
said lake to die mouth of Salt creek thence by a line due
south to the northern boundary of New Mexico; thence by
the northern boundary of New Mexico and of the-Indian
territory to said twenty-fifth meridian; thence sorth to the
place of beginning.
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That the second land
district shall be called the Nevada land district, and shall
embrace all the public lands contained in the following
boundaries, to wit: commencing at the southwest comer
of the Jefferson land district; thence west with the north-
ern boundary line of New Mexico to the eastern boundary
of the State of California; thence north of the eastern
boundary line of the State of California to its intersection
with the southern boundary of the State of Oregon; thence
east to the northwestern corner of the Jeffer&on land dis-
trict at the crossing of Bear river; thence south with the
western boundary of the said Jefferson district to the place
of beginning.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the people of each
of the land districts above described, whenever they shall
have formed a temporary government, shall be entitled to
one Delegate in Congiess, who shall receive the same com-
pensation, and enjoy the same privileges, as a .Delegate
from a Territory; and that so much of said Jefferson land
district as is now wittnn the limits of the Territories of
Kansas and Nebraska shall be, and is hereby, excluded
from the operation of the act organizing the Territories of
Kansas and Nebraska, except so much thereof as repeals
the Missouri compromise.
Sec. 4. Jind be it further enacted, That the President of
the United States shall be, and he is hereby, authorized to
appoint, by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, a suiveyor general for the land districts above de-
scribed, vvho&e office shall be located at such place as the
Piesidcnt of the United States shall, from time to time,
direct, and whose duties, powers, obligations, responsibil-
ities, ami compensation, shall be the same as those of the
surveyor general of Kansas and Nebraska Territories, and
who shall be allowed the same amount for office rent, fuel,
incidental expens  s, and cieik hire, as is allowed to the
surveyor geneial ol Kansas and Nebraska.
Sec.5. Andbeit further enacted, That said suiveyor gen-
eral shall cause the necessary surveys to be made in said
land districts of standard meridian, base and parallel lines,
and the township and subdivisionai lines, under sueh rules
and regulations as shall be prescribed by the Commissioner
of the Geneial Land Office.
Snc. 6 Jind he it further cnacted, That the said land dis-
tricts shall be subject to the operation of the preemption
act of the 4th of October, 1841, whether settled upon belore
oi after the survey ; and in all eases where the settlement
was made before the suivey, the settle? shall file his dce-
laiation within three months after the survey is made and
icturncd; and that the piovi&ions of the atrt of May23,
1844, concerning town sites,.shall apply to town bites in the
said land districts.
Skc. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That when the lands
in said districts shall have been purveyed under the direc-
tion of the Government of the United States, preparatory
to bringing the same into market, sections sixteen and thn-
ty-fcix in each township in said land districts, shall be, and
the same are hereby, referred for the purpose ot being ap-
plied to schools in said land districts, and in the States
hereafter to be elected out of the same.
Sec. 8. Jind be it further enacted, That when the land'*
in said dihtncts shall be surveyed, as afuicsaid, a quantity
of land equal to two townships shall be, and the same is
herebv, reserved foi the establishment of a university in
cach of said land districts, and in the States hereafter to be
crcatcd out of the same, to he selected, under the direction
of the Lcgislatuies, m legal subdivisions ot not less than one
half section.
Sec. 9. Jlnd beit further enacted. That the President be,
and he is hereby, authoiized to appoint, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, or (iuung the recess there-
of, and until the end of the next session after such appoint-
ment, a register and leceiver for the district of Jefferson,
who shall be required to reside at the site of the land office,
which is hereby located at Denver City ; and a register and
receiver for the district of Nevada, who shall be required
to reside at the site of the land office, winch is hereby lo-
cated at Genoa, and shall be subject to the same Jaws and
entitled to the same compensation as is or may hereafter
i be prescribed by law in relation to other registers and rc-
! ceivers
Sec. 10. Jlni he it further enacted, That the act entitled
"An act tu establish a territorial government tor Utah,5'ap-
proved 9th of September, 1850, ^ heieby repealed.
Sec. 11. Jlnd he it further enucted, That this act shall take
effect fiom and after its passage.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order on this
amendment proposed to be offered as a. substitute.
Tiie amendment is not germane to the bill. The
bill proposes a temporary government for the peo-
i pio of the Territory.
The SPEAKER. The-Chair supposes that
pending the motion to recommit, an amendment
is not in order.
Mr. GROW. In fairness to tliegentleman from
Massachusetts and the House, I withdraw the
motion to recommit, so as to allow the gentleman
to offer his amendment. And then, the amend-
ment having been received, I make the point of
