2992
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14.
where the boundary lines of the various Indian
tribes "meet. There is the position where the wild
Sioux'of those plains are more feared and dreaded
than anywhere else. I know these facts. I know
that country well from personal observation; and
1 know that a post there is absolutely required for
the protection of our people who have settled
there upon the route to the Red river, or on the
Red river itself. It is well known that the Red
river valley is one of the richest and finest valleys
that we have, not simply west of the Mississippi
river, but equal to any valley of any tributary of
the Mississippi itself. Settlements, as I have said,
have already stretched there in an unbroken line,
and not only on one line, but following up the St.
Peters, winding to the south and west, they have
nearly met. Every gentleman who has given any
attention to this subject, must have come to the
conclusion that a post there is essential to the pro-
tection of the inhabitants of our frontier, it is
essential to the building up of our country there.
1 will say to the gentleman from Maryland that
we have had difficulties, and repeated difficulties,
during the last four years, in tlmt very neighbor-
hood. We have had massacres of our people
there by the Indians. For these reasons 1 trust
that the appropriation will be made.
Mr.STANTON. There is some misapprehen-
sion aboutthis matter. This is no new proposition.
This post is proposed to be established in the Pem-
bina region as'a substitute for the old post at Foi i
Abercrombie, which has been there from an early
period. We have been in the habit of making
Appropriations for it. It is now dilapidated and
going to decay, and it is necessary to remove it a
short distance higher up the rjver. It is no nov-
elty at all. There is no question about the neces-
sity of a post there. It is not like the origination
of a new post in an entirely new locality, but is
a mere slight removal of an existing post, and
the buildin" of barracks sufficient for the protec-
tion of the post. Now, in making these erections,
the Committee on Military Affairs deemed it then-
duty to look fo such points where it is necessary
to maintain permanent posts, and where posts
would not become unnecessary as settlements ad-
vanced and the Indian population receded. Here
is a post on the upper Red river, near the bound-
ary line of the United States and the Uritish pos-
sessions, in the locality where it cannot be an-
ticipated that theie will be a dense population for
a quarter of a century to come, and u here it will
be neeessaiy to maintain a permanent military
post for many yeais. It is, therefoie, necessary
to have an appropriation ot a wry considerable jj
sum of money to afford protection to the troops, j!
You want four or five companies, and barracks .|
sufficient to aftoid accommodation for four or five i-
companies. And now, 1 beggentlemen who want |i
to bo informed on tins subject, just to step to the j
map, which is hung up there, containing all the \
present military posts, and showing where the j
troops are stationed. I understand that this is a j
recommendation and estimate from the War Do- |
partment. The head of the Ways and Means i
Committee says he saw it yesterday. It did not j
come to the Committee on Military Aflfans I
Mr. ALDRiCti. I move to amend by increas-
ing the amount one dollar. I wish to state that
the gentleman from Maryland, who is a member j
of the Committee of Ways and Means, seems to j
misunderstand this question entirely. He says :
there is no necessity for barracks or troops up j
there. I dcsiie to state to him, and to this com- j
mittec,that there are three companies there now, j
who have been there for several years during the ;
summer season, residing in huts which were built !
by the Government a few years ago, when an j
appropriation of $20,000 was made tor the pur-
pose. Every fall the troops are obliged to be
transported south, because of the want ot the ne-
cessary barracks for them to icmain in dunng the
winter; and in the spring they arc transported
back again. The cost of transporting them back
and forth is more every year than the sum which
we ask for here. I desiie to state to the commit-
tee that there are now upon that river one steam-
boat, and, between the head waters of the Mis-
sissippi and the head waters of the Red iliver of
the North, one hundred transportation wagons,
drawn by four horses each,and sixteen coaches,
in constant use transporting freight and passen-
gers foi the Hudson's Bay Company. This entire
country, upon both sides of the Red River of the
North, is Indian territory; and no treaties have
yet been made by those Indians. We have to-
day passed a clause in the Indian appropriation
bill appropriating $10,000 to defray the expenses
of a commission to go there and treat with these
Indians. This river is the dividing line between
two of the most powerful Indian ♦ribes in the
Northwest—the Siouxs and the Chippewas.
Hardly a month passes during the year that there
is not a fight between detached portions of these
tribes; and in going and returning from those hos-
tile meetings they pass through the settlements
of the whites, and leave devastation behind them.
I desire to state further that the appropriation
was recommended by the foimer Secretary of
War, and has been recommended by the present j
Secretary of War to the Military Committee of '
the Senate, and this appropriation was made in
the Senate with but six dissenting voices;, and
two of these Senators, as I am informed, did not
know what they were vothig on. There is no
question in the world that this appropriation is
demanded by the interests of the community; and
when gentlemen say that there are no people there,
they are very much mistaken. Theie is a settle- j
merit on the north of the international line, in the j
British possessions, of from fifteen to twenty ,
thousand people. There is not a month passes |
but what they cross o\er the line and commit dep- ;
redations upon citizens of the United Staler;. They s
have a foit about sixty miles fioni the interna- i
tional line well garrisoned, while on this side of
the lines, during the winter season, there is no j
postVwithm five hundred miles to protect our pen- ,
pie, and no fort or garrison of any kind between j
the lakes and Paget Sound. J
I desire to say that here is a paper published at ,
Sauk Rapids, on the upper wateis of the Missis- ,
sippi, from which I will read a single paiagiaph
in reference to an occurrence at that point a few
weeks ago:
aThe, Chippewa party parsed through town hoimnvaul
this mormng, bearing the tour bloody teuJp* of tin* unioi-
tunate Sioux, as tiopluoss oi'iheir victory. One of the parly
h.ul the entire In-iul of a Sioux m a bag, which he exhibited
on the door-step at Dav'a hotel. Weatv with the load, he
took it out, made lucuy n\er it, took oi)'*ihe «.calp, ami 1
tlui'W the bloody innaauler away. Afterwards a young '
Chippewa tolled it over and over, cut a gun stung Iroin it, '
and wentuway rrjoieing." |
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I have just one j
single sentence (o utter in reply to the gentleman \
fioni Minnesota. He 1ms redd to us what, 1 sup- 1
pose, is the best argument lie could adduce upon 1
the subject, touching: the necessity of a military !
post at this locality. It consists in the fact that !
parties belonging'0 two different tribes of Indians 1
have quai relet! with each other, and that, in their :
quarrels, half a dozen Indians were killed. Is the ;
fact that the Indians in that locality kill and scalp 1
each other a valid reason why this Government I
should appropriate money to build a fort for the
protection of the whites? I submit this question
to the committee.
Mr. BRANCH. It seems to me somewhat sin-
gular, in view of the express provision of the Con-
stitution that all appropriation bills shall originate
in the House of Representatives, that the Secre-
tary of War should have sent his estimates for
these appropriations to the Senate, as ltcoinesout,
in the remarks of the gentleman from Minnesota,
lives originally, the Military Committee here did
not ask to have this appropriation included ? How
is it that we never heard of this terrible state of
things, or of the pressing necessity for the estab-
lishment of this military post, until it had to be
drawn out from the Department on the applica-
tion of a committee of the Senate ? If our citizens
in the iseighboihood of the Red River of the North
are in that suffering condition represented by the
gentleman from Minnesota and the gentleman from
Washington, why is it that some gentleman did
not rise when this bill was originally before the
House and demand that relief be extended by Con-
gress ?
Mr. STANTON. I will reply to the gentleman
fiom North Carolina that, after a pretty liaid stiug-
gle on ihe part of the Military Committee here,
when this bill was introduced in the House, to
have it referred to us, the House determined that
we had nothing to do with it, and therefore it was
not our province to interfere.
Mr. BRANCH. And yet I understand that the
Military Committee of the House now recom-
mend that this appropriation shall be inserted.
Have they any mole authority over the subject
now than they had when the bill was before us
in the first instance?
Mr. Chairman, I submit that if there be any
question which has by the Constitution been left,
and which by ail considerations of propriety
should be left, to the executive department of the
Government, it is the selection of sites, and the
recommendation to Congress for the establish-
mentof military posts in distant parts of the coun-
try. It is a matter which belongs exclusively to
the War Department of tile Cover,unent, and can
only be intelligently determined by them. Sir,
this House has no coips of engineers to make ex-
ploiations and select sites for the erection ot mil-
ltaiy posts in your Indian countiy; and if we
determine without any information at all on the
subject, more than what we have before us, that
a military post shall be elected at this particular
locality, the chances are ten to one that it will be
not only a waste of public money, but that we
shall do mischief to our citizens.
Mr. ALDR1CH, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. For the pur-
pose of enabling me to say a word upon this
subject, 1 move to reduce the amount five dol-
lars.
1 do not doubt that a fort or post, whichever it
may he, may perhaps be necessary somewhere in
this Red river country. I am inclined to think
that perhaps it is necessary; but 1 wish to call the
attention ot thecommittee to the (act thatnolonger
ago than last year, upon mature delibei ation, after
considering all the evils of this system of appio-
priating money without the necessary data, we
adopted the policy that before we would go on
with works of this kind, we would have detailed
estimates, and know exactly what it is proposed
to do, before we would make provision for com-
mencing any new works of this description. Now,
sir, I hope this amendment will be voted down
without any reference to the necessity for this
post. If we mean in good faith to live up to the
sound policy which we then adopted, I say \ote
down the amendment, and if it is necessary that
he has done ill this instance. I think it is a fact the post should be established, let the War De-
vi hich requires some explanation.
Mr. ALDR1CH. I will say to the gentleman
from North Carolina, that this communication
from the Secretary of War was in response to one
addressed to him by the Military Committee of
the Senate.
Mr. BRANCH. Then, I suppose, there has
been no estimate sent here by the War Depart-
ment, asking Congress to make an appropriation
for the erection of tins post.
Why, sir, in view oi the very lamentable pic-
ture drawn by the gentleman from Minnesota and
the gentleman from Washington, as to the con-
dition of things m that region, we must come to
the conclusion that the Secretary of War lias been
very remiss in lus duty ill not lecommending to
partmcnt furnish their estimates, so that we may
know what we are voting for. I do not want to
vote for opening any more doors for unlimited
appropriations, by the commencement of works,
tile cost of which we know nothing about. Let
us have the recommendation of the Department
and their estimates before we begin.
Mr. CURTIS. It seems to be apprehended
that this amendment does not come into the House
ptopeily lecommended and estimated for by the
War Department. That seems to be an objec-
tion on the pait of the gentleman who repre-
sents the Committee of Ways and Means, and
also of the gentleman who last addressed the com-
mittee. Now, Mr. Chanman, I tell this com-
mittee that this appiopnation was recommended
Congress the establishment of a post here. How ij by every piopei nuiitai y depai tmeiit of the Gov
is it, if the erection of a post in that region was !j ernment. In the l'in>t place, many years ago an
so necessary for the protection of our inhabitants, !i expedition was sent out tor the puipose of mak-
that an estimate had to be called for by the Mill- j ing explorations, with the view of selecting the
tjry Committee of the Senate before it could be ij site for a fort, the probable cost of which was to
obtained from the Department? How is it that, j| be twenty-five or thirty thousand dollars. 11ien>
when this bill passed tha House of Representa- ]' as the gentleman from Minnesota has stated, it
