1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
all slave States; that it must become the one Or
the other. The Republicans of Illinois indorsed
that doctrine, and stood by Mr Lincoln. He
met Judge Douglas upon every stump in Illinois,
and there those sentiments were applauded by the
Republicans of Illinois, while they were denounced
over and over again by the Democrats wherever
they were allowed to speak, though in some places
in Illinois the Democrats were not allowed to
speak, but were hooted and hissed, as is done
upon this floor.
And when these gentlemen tell you that they
arc willing to give you all the rights you are en-
titled to under the Constitution, I say to you they
arc willing to do no such thing. Arc they willing
to give you the fugitive slave law? One gentle-
man said he was. Would my worthy colleague
[Mr. Kellogg] vote for a fugitive slave law? I
do not know whether he would or not; I cannot
say. But I can only say this, that ifhedidhis con-
stituents would find a bettor Abolitionist than he
the next time and would send him in his place;
there is no doubt about that. So far as the people of
Illinois are concerned, the Republicans there would
not vote for a man who would vote for the fugi-
tive slave law. Then your constitutional rights
that they talk so much about—what are they?
Keep slavery where it is; they will not interfere
with it; for the reason that they have not the
power. They will not interfere witli it where
it is, as the Republican candidate for Speaker
said the other day. That is true. I do not sup-
pose the gentleman, or any other member of the
Republican party would attempt to interfere with
slavery where it is, for the reason that as yet
they have not the power; but they would inter-
fere with it in States where it is not, because when
a man's slave runs away and comes to their houses,
they will feed him and send him into Canada
through the underground railroad. By these
means they would interfere with slavery.
I heard it boasted on the stump in Illinois, by
these Republican orators, that if slaves came to
their houses they would give them food and rai-
ment, and send them on their way rejoicing to join
the black legion in Canada, so that the day may
come when they could assist their brethren in the
South to extricate themselves from the bonds and
chains which hold them in horrid slavery. These
arc the constitutional rights which these gentle-
men are willing to give to the South. We have
met them in Illinois, and we know this to be true.
But now they coax us by honied words, just as
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Morris]
attempted to court the Democracy of his State by
speaking of a certain tariff, and saying that if a
certain man was elected Speaker of the House,
he would appoint a committee that mightinterfere
with their views in reference to the tariff question.
He said so, in order to induce the Democrats of
that State, or the men claiming to be Democrats,
as I do not doubt they arc good Democrats, to
go with them and organize the House by the elec-
tion of a Republican Speaker. These honied
words are made*use. of to court those who, per-
haps, are a little doubtful themselves as to where
they may go; to court them, to get them into then
meshes, and then make as great Abolitionists of
them as they are themselves. Thus, so far as
Illinois politics are concerned, that is the way
they stand and act there, the Republicans on their
side declaring that the fugitive slave law is infa-
mous, and declaring that they would not return a
fugitive slave, and the Democrats on their side—
call them by whatever name you please—Douglas
men, or any other men—ready to observe all the
guaranties of the Constitution. For myself, I am
Sroud to be denominated a Douglas man from
linois. I take it that we can prove our Democ-
racy as good as that of any man from any other
State.
Mr. KILGORE. Does the gentleman from Illi-
nois suppose that if slavery be carried into the
Territories the people of those Territories by di-
rect legislation, or by unfriendly legislation, can
expel it ?
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman from Illinois
holds just such an opinion on that subject as he
thinksproper. [Laughter.] I will toll you what the
gentleman from Illinois does hold. The gentle-
man from Illinois holds that the Territories of this
country were purchased by the common blood
and common treasure of the common people, and
they are as free to the South as' to the North, to
the East as to the "West, and that there is no re-
striction in the Constitution to prevent m'en from
carrying property of aay description whatever
upon that soil. That is what the gentleman from
Illinois holds in that regard. [Applausefrom th6
Democratic benches and the galleries.]
Mr. KILGORE. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois be willing to afford protection for that prop-
erty in the Territories ?
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman frofti Illinois
holds to the constitutional guarantee to the peo-
ple of the slave-holding States, and to the law-
passed by Congress for the purpose of reclaiming
fugitive slaves. The gentleman from Illinoisalso
holds that it is the duty of every good citizen to
assist in carrying out that law, as one of the laws
of our common country, and that the man who
refuses to do so is not a patriot, is not just to
his own people, to the country at large, or to the
Constitution. That is what the gentleman from
Illinois holds. [Applause from the Democratic
benches 1
Mr. KrLGORE. The gentleman from Illinois
evades answering my question.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman from Illinois
holds, further, that you Republican:; are not only
opposed to the fugitive slave law, but opposed to
its execution; that you feed the fugitive slaves
who comc to your houses, and send them off;
that you will not arrest them, and will not assist
in arresting them; that you raise mobs and res-
cue them from the men who do arrest them. You
do all these things in the northern States, and
then you come to Congress and declare your loy-
alty 16 the Constitution, to the law of the land,
and to the Union. Away with such loyalty as
that! [Applause J
Mr. KILGORE. Do I understand the gen-
tleman as bringing that charge against all Repub-
licans?
Mr. LOGAN. Sir, [ tell you, I make that
charge distinctly against the Republican party.
You may have certain gentlemen in the Republi-
can party that are, perhaps, a little varnished—
varnished Whigs or Democrats—who may not
possibly exactly agree with you on all these points.
You may have such men as these; but I tell you
what you will do with them, as soon as you can.
You will kick them out, and elect better Aboli-
tionists than they.
in our State.
Mr. KILGORE. _ Still
answering my question.
Mr. LOGAN. I can tell the gentleman further,
that the fugitive slave law is denounced almost as
treason in my own State. In the northern portion
of it, but a few weeks ago, then", was a fugitive
slave taken before one of the judges of the Su-
preme court in Ottawa, by the marshal of the
State of Illinois. He was taken on a writ of
habeas corpus in order to assert his freedom; and
when the judge held that he should be remanded,
that the marshal held him by virtue of his writ,
a mob, composed of Republicans, rose in Ottawa,
rescued the slave, and turned him free in viola-
tion of law, order, and everything else. And yet
the Representatives of these men, on this floor,
dcclaie they have loyal and Constitution-loving
constituencies. These acts have been deprecated
by the Democratic party everywhere in Illinois.
They have been denounced in the northern por-
tion of that beautiful State, which is now blighted
by the contaminating touch of abolitionism, so
that it almost refuses to produce fruits. I do not
think it does yield the fruits of the earth so bounti-
fully as it did before, on account of the Abolition
hordes that infest that portion of the State.
And further, let mo say this—and I here demand
that if any gentleman can controvert it lie shall
do it—you cannot produce a single instance in the
northern portion of this Confederacy, where the
Republicans, or Abolitionists, as we call them in
Illinois—the term is, however, somewhat modified
when we get here in Congress—have, as good
citi7ens, arrested a fugitive slave and returned
him to his master.
Mr. KILGORE. That is true.
Mr. LOGAN. I have no doubt of it. Sir, are
there not hundreds and hundreds of fugitive slaves
passing through Ohio and Illinois and the great
northwestern States, who belong to the constitu-
ency of those people here representing the south-
ern States on this side of the House ? Why is it,
if you are good Constitution-loving citizens, loyal
That is what you have done
the gentleman is not
to the Constitution, if you love the Union arid
love the Constitution Why is it, I sayy tKat you-
will not do justice to theSe men taking ttreir
fugitives ana returning th6m to their masters, as
the Constitution and statutes of the country re-
quire? Why, gentleman, do yotr riot clo it? Ygt
you say, "Oh, we will take no right from you
southern men that you are' entitled' tof under "tKe
Constitution." Every fugitive th#t has been '
rested in Illinois', or in ariy of the western States^
and I call Illinois a western State, for* I 'am
ashamed longer to call it a northern
been made by Democi'ats. In IlBnoisf ffi&Befficr-
crats have all' that work to do. Y6u call, it tie
dirty work of the Democratic party to civt'ch f'u'yti-
tive slaves for the southern piopfe."' We aft§-
willing to perform that dirty w6rTt. I do not con-
sider it disgraceful to perform any work, dirty or
not dirty, which is in accordance with1 laWs
of the land and the Constitution of the country,
and calculated to assist m'en in reCoTenrig that
which is their right, guarantiedtotWrn under tKff
Con'sti'tution ana laws of the fend.,
What further <3'o these gentleman of the'
who arc talking hcr6 so much and' boasting hi*
reference to their constitutional obligations? 1
ask you to tell me in reference to this Harper's
Ferry foray of John Brown? In Illinois, in tfc
State from which I come—in Chicago, there was
a sympathizing meeting held in favor of John
Brown, and ministers of God, or pretended nffli-
isters of God, attended the meeting and' paSje.«t
resolution's of sympathy with that traifior,- tfrief,
and scoundrel; yet, no Republican RejlM'eafc&ive-
in thatportion of the State raised his'v<j;cc against
such proceedings. So it has been all o.ver the
northern' States of this Union. In Response to
what has been said about the people Of the Nor®,
so far as the Abolition portion of them are con-
cerned,! say it is true. There is no doubt aboutit.
Then, in conclusion, gentlemen, I wish to ad-
dress a few remarks to those gcMlemen here who
are denominated anti-Lccompton Democrats, and
a very few remarks to them; then I shall have
done. I ato called an anti'-Lecompton Democrat
in Illinois. I want to ask them this question:
When we gather in this Hall, for the purpose of
electing some man as Speaker to enable us to
proceed with the deliberations of this body, what
is our duty as Democrats, for I address you as
such ? It is our duty to forget past differences,
come together and elect some man who is a Dem-
ocrat to preside over our deliberations; to snatch
the power from the hands of this anti-Constitu-
tion, anti-Union, and anti-everything party, as
you would Snatch a brand from the eternal burn-
ing. Let the differences that have heretofore
divided Democrats sleep; let them be buried in
oblivion, never to be again brought forth.
There have been issues made by certain gentle-
men on this side of the Hall calculated to distract-
the Democrats, and prevent them froni having an
organization. I say, let them not prevent us from
having the organization, ff you do, then I only
ask you to look upon both sides of this Hall; 1
ask you to look around you, and what do you
see? Upon the right hand is the Republican
party; and where is their constituency? You
hear no voice answering from the land of Wash-
ington; you hear no voice answering from the
land of Jefferson, who penned the Declaration of
Independence; 110 voice answering from the land
of Madison, who drafted the Constitution of this
glorious Confederacy; no voice answering from
the gallant State of Tennessee, the State where
J ackson rests, who replaced the glory of the Amer-
ican arms after they had been disgraced at the
North. I ask you, gentlemen, whether or not
you will turn to these men who, when they have
used you, will denounce you as pro-slavery men,
as slave oligarchists, and everything else? I ask
you to turn from them, and let good feeling and
cordiality exist among us. Let us unite and har-
monize now, and then let us meet such questions
as shall arise hereafter. I am prepared to meet
all questions as they come up.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Will the honor-
able gentleman from Illinois inform me whether
he, and those anti-Lecompton Democrats from
Illinois who act with him, approve of the terri-
torial policy of the Administration, as manifested
during the last Congress ?
Mr. LOGAN. I say let bygones be bygones.
I am in favor of letting the pasit sleep in oblivion.
