2994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
very great pleasure. What estimates there may-
have been presented at any previous session of
Congress, I am unable to say at this moment. It
is a question of memory; but at this session there
was no such detailed estimate submitted to this
House.
-Mr. BONHAM. I did not say to this House,
but to the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. There was, I be-
lieve, a letter written to the Secretary of War by
a member of the Senate—Mr. Wilson, of Mas-
sachusetts, 1 think—sending a bill proposed in the
Senate, which contained the aggregate amount
to be expended somewhere within the region of
two or three degrees on the Red river; and the
response was that, with an appropriation hereto-
fore made and never expended, bccause of diffi-
culties about the site, that aggregate sum would
be enough. That, I think, is the substance of a
letter that was read in committee a day or two
ago. There are no detailed estimates for this
work, to enable either the Committee of Ways
and Means or the House to know what kind of
work is contemplated.
Mr. STANTON. My idea was this: this was
evidently a limit on the Executive Departments.
It was a prohibition against the Secretary of War,
or any subordinate officer, making such an ex-
penditure; but the idea that Congress may not
establish a military post, and appropriate $10,000
or $100,000 for it, where they please ana when
they please, strikes me as an absurdity.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Had the
executive officers of the Government any author-
ity to build a fort at all before that law was passed?
Mr. STANTON. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Of their
own will, and without an appropriation?
Mr. STANTON. Congress appropriated in
gross so many hundred thousand dollars, or so
many million dollars, for the repair and construc-
tion of barracks. With that the Secretary of War
went through the entire wilderness, and selected
such points as he saw proper, and directed the
erection of a building to cost from fifty to two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars, without any
act of Congress, and took the amount out of the
gross annual appropriation.
Well, it was to correct that abuse, and to enable
Congress to settle whether there should be a large
permanent barrack established at any particular
point, that this provision was adopted. Now,
we are about settling that question, whether thoic
shall be a permanent barracks at the upper Red
river. That is all. [Cries of " Question !"]
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, by unanimous con-
sent, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. ALDR1CU. I move to amend by increas-
ing the sum $500. I simply desire to say that in
the discussion which took place in the Senate on
this measure there was a communication read from
the Quartermaster General saying that #50,000
would be sufficient to construct tins barracks. I
withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BONHAM. I offer an amendment, to in-
crease the amount $10,000. I desire now to ask the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
to producc the letter which he received from the
Secretary of War, and have it read. I will state,
in the mean time, that this is the third time an ap-
propriation has been asked for this purpose. It
is true that the appropriation has been enlarged;
for what reason 1 do not know. But the fact is,
that it has been recommended now the third time.
Beyond doubt, a fort is needed there; and, as I
understand, the Secretary of War, in recommend-
ing it, says that the amount of expenditure will
not exceed this sum, and may fall short of it. It
does not follow that the whole amount would be
expended; but, beyond question, it is the opinion
of the War Department, that the appropriation is
needed and that the work is needed. X ask tlmt the
letters be read.
The letters were read, as follows:
War Department, February 11, 1S60.
Sin: In r* ply to your letter of the 9th ultimo, transmit-
ting. for the views of this Department as to the necessity
■b#4 efficiency of the appropriation, a b ll providing " for
f jmliutry pobt near the lotiy-jjmth degret* of north
latitude, mvt ymr the valley of the Red Ejverot tin* North,"
f have the hone.! £9 ^ciose to you reports of the Adjutant
general and Quartern^General, communicating the
cdysired imormation.
-yc# v.'iif perceive that the uiuount appropriated by the
bill is regard as sufficient, pi aviac'4 o^onsiderablc portion
of the work is done by troops. It is also suggested that the
range of selection for the proposed fort bo extended so as
to embraec the forty sixth and forty-ninth parallels.
The bill is herewith returned.
Very respectfully your obedient servant,
JOIIN B. FLOYD,
Secretary of War.
Hon. Henry Wilson,
Of the Committee on Military Affairs, Senate.
Quartermaster General's Office,
Washington, January 31, 1860.
Sir : In reply to so much of the letter of the honorable
Henry Wilson, ofthe Committee onMilitary Affairs of the
Senate, dated the 9th instant, as idates to this office, I
have the honor to state that if it be the policy of the Gov-
ernment to establish a military post on or near the Red
River of the North, the proposed appropriation, with the
unexpended balunec of an appiopriation heretofore made,
will, it is behoved, he mffieientfor all the necessary build-
ing* and improvements at the site which may be selected,
provided a large poiuon of the labor be performed by the
troop*.
Should a po t be established, [ respectfully suggest that
the Seeretaiy of War be authorized to place it at the most
eligible point between the forty-sixth and forty-unith de-
grees of latitude.
i return the letter of the honorable member of the com-
mittee.
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
T11:S. JESUP,
Quartermaster General.
lion. John 1J. Floyd,
Secretary of War, Washington.
Mr. BONIXAM. 1 desire to say only, in this
connection, thatitwill be perceived by that report
from the Quartermaster General, that a part of
the labor, oven with the appropriation, is to be
performed by the troops themselves. And I would
only say further, that in that country itis impos-
sible, at this point of time, to furnish accurate
estimates as to what the cost will be. Wc are
necessarily compelled to intrust something to the
agents of the Government, who are to have the
work in charge. We must rely, to some extent,
upon their faithful performance of their duties. I
apprehend that they will not expend more money
than is requisite, and I believe we may safely
leave the matter in their hands.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina. In the first place, I am opposed to the ap-
propriation of the $50,000 itself. I have not lis-
tened to the debate, and I cannot, therefore, now
undertake to reply to the arguments which may
have been offered before the committee, in refer-
once io the buildins <of the fort at all. This fort,
if built by the United States, will be alone for the
benefit of those engaged in transporting goods to
the Hudson's Hay country, across the British pos-
sessions. Itis for the benefit of those persons who
are living beyond the line of the United States,
who are engaged m transporting goods across our
territory from the Pacific side, and not for the
benefit of the people of the United States.
Mr. CURTIS. Not to the Pacific side, but to
Hudson's Bay. That is on the Atlantic side, on
the British side.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The course the Commit-
tee of Ways and Moans have adopted in reference
to this subject is to be attacked in the House, and
we are to be arraigned here by the Committee on
Military Affairs because we recommended a non-
concurrence ni an amendment winch had been
adopted by the Senate, perhaps with not three
men paying any attention to the subject-matter
under consideration. The gentleman from South
Carolina says that he believes that this fort has
been recommended three times, and perhaps has
passed one branch of Congress three times. It
is not intended, as I have said, for the benefit of
American citizens. This fort is to be built simply
for the purpose of piotceting the trading people
of the British nation instead of the people of this
Unionj we are to expend this money to protect
them against the encroachments of Indians, who
probably might interfere with their tiade. It is
said that certain savage tribes of Indians pass
across lUia country and go south, to make war
against cei tain other tribes of Indians. Sir, I have
no objection to that. Are we to build forts to
prevent the Indians from killing each other? It
seems to be a matter of great desire on the part of
gentlemen representing the Northwest that the In-
dians should be preserved, in order that the pub-
lic expenditures may be made in that section of
the Union, We are to build a fori here, between
the Chippewas and the Sioux, 111 order to prevent
the one tribe from killing the other, The Indians
are only to be killed by American troops, when
they are not employed in anything else, and they
are to be paid for that. Now, I am opposed to
building forts for any such purpose. 1 am op-
posed to building forts for the purpose of pre vent-
ing one tribe of Indians from fighting another
tribe, sd as to pay the people of Oregon and Wash-
ington p,500,000 a year for the little wars which
they may get up.
Mr. CURTIS. Oh, do not charge that to this
amendment!
Mr. CRAWFORD. As was said by the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, it
would actually be cheaper to take these people of
Oregon and Washington to New York, and board
them at the St. Nicholas, if it is large enough to
hold them allyand furnish them with "free drinks
all round," than to pay for the wars they get up
there. And I say now, so far as this amendment
is concerned, there is no necessity for it, and it
ought not to pass. You cannot have your Army
go anywhere that they do not want from fifty to
a hundred thousand dollars expended, for the pur-
pose of building almost palaces, in which our
American officers inay have the pleasure of re-
siding. Why do they not build pickets, such as
are built in other portions of the country,and all
through the Southwest, to protect our soldiers ?
Why do not they split the pines and other trees
to huild up their forts, instead of asking appro-
priations of from fifty to a hundred thousand dol-
lars for the purpose of building forts and bar-
racks for the officers to live in ? The Committee
of Ways and Means arc to be attacked by the
Military Committee, because they desire to pio-
tect the American Treasury. The greatest war
that is now going on in this country is the war
against the Treasury of the United States; and
when we stand up and undertake to protect that
Treasury against the assaults made upon it from
every portion of the country, we are to be at-
tacked for our fidelity to the preservation of the
Treasury against those assaults. I now move
that the committee rise, for the purpose of put-
ting an end to this discussion. Let us see whether
we cannot have a vote upon it.
Mr. BONHAM. I withdraw my amendment;
and now let me have read two other papers.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Itis unnecessary to dis-
cuss the matter further.
Mr. BONHAM. The gentlpman has made hia
speech; I hope he will not prevent others from
being heard.
Mr. CRAWFORD. My friend from South
Carolina has made a speech also.
Mr. BONHAM. I only ask to have two papers
read. [Loud cries of " Question !"]
The question v/as taken on Mr. Crawford's
motion; and it was agieed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Washburn, of Maine,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
under consideration theamendments of the Senate
to the Army appropriation bill, and had come to
no conclusion thereon.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move to close debate
upon the amendment of the Senate, No. G, and all
amendments thereto, in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, in one mintite.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I now move that the rules
be suspended and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Urnon.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Wash-
burn7, of Maine, m the chair,) and resumed the
consideiation of the amendments of the Senate to
the Army appiopriation bill.
Mr. BONHAM withdrew the amendment to
the amendment.
The question recurred on the amendment of the
Senate.
Mr. BONHAM. I desire to amend the Senate
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is closed upon it.
Mr. BONHAM. I propone to have a paper
read only.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to have
a paper read. Debate has been closed.
