1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1107
in punishing for a contempt. The language of the
statute which subjects him to fine anil impuson-
nieut, after indictment and verdict found, leaves
him liable still for the consequences of his con-
tempt, as he was before the passage of that act.
This is a legislative recognition, undoubtedly, of
the right and authority of each House of Congress.
When the party was summoned in this case, he
refused to obey. I do not know that he evaded
the process, but, at all events, he did not obey.
He was arrested, brought to this city, and then,
upon the ordinary proceedings being taken in the
Senate, two questions were propounded to him:
one, what excuse he had for not obeying the sum-
mons of the Senate and the committee of the Senate ?
To that he refuses, in a long argument, intended to
show the unconstitutionality of all that the Senate
had done. Does any Senator consider that an
excuse? It would be, perhaps, if, after having
entertained that opinion, and coming to a better
sense of that matter, he had professed his readi-
ness to testify, and had answered, accordingly,
the second question which was propounded to
him by the Chair. The second question was:
"Are you now ready to appear before the commit-
tee and testify as required ?" His answerwas, that
he has always been ready and willing to testify,
if his constitutional rights arc respected. Still,
that condition is coupled with his professed read-
iness to testify, and that is 110 readiness at all.
"What remains for us, then, but to pursue the or-
dinary course ? We shall only do that which has
been done before by our predecessors, and done,
time out of mind, by the Commons of England,
who are not only not content with merely com-
mitting the party to the custody of their Sergeant-
at-Arms, but send him to Newgate, and that for
refusing to testify 111 precisely such cases as this.
Where Congress think it necessary to pursue an
inquiry, to aid them in their legislative action,
they have a right to summon witnesses, according
to the parliamentary law of England, which is
our parliamentary law, where it is not contra-
dicted by something in our institutions which
makes it repugnant, or is not repealed by express
law.
I cannot see that this party has excused him-
self by the answer which he has given; but his
answer to the second question is, in fact, a denial,
if I understand it properly, of his intention to
appear before the committee. Perhaps it may be
said he wants a decision. "Well, he has had one
decision. We decided upon our authority when
we ordered this committee to be raised; we de-
cided upon our authority when we directed these
proceedings, and called upon him to answer these
two questions; and we shall decide itathirdtime,
which ought to be enough in all conscience, if we
order him to jail for not answering. Now he is
not to be sent, to jail forever, sccciila saculoru.it 1—
not at all. The resolution of the Senator from
Virginia provides that whenever he shall be ready
and willing to testify and answer, he shall signify
that fact, and be brought here for the purpose.
If he does not, he remains in jail until the Pre-
siding Officer of this House, whose duty it is made
by the act of 1857, shall notify the fact to the dis-
trict attorney, who will cause it to be presented to
the grand jury; and when an indictment is found,
of course he will be released and put in the hands
of the court before which he will be indicted.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, when this
matter was before the Senate 011 Friday, I, for
one, felt and expressed some doubtaboutthe con-
stitutional power of the Senate to imprison a wit-
ness who should refuse to testify before the com-
mittee which was raised for purposes of legislation.
I hid just road the long, and I may say ingenious
and able argument of the counscl of Mr. Hyatt.
I had heard, too, the other day, my eloquent
friend from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] who
was brought up in the school of State-rights re-
publicanism, denouncing this proceeding as an
invasion and infractionof the Constitution; and I
confess that for the moment, in my own judgment
—as it was the first time in my life I had ever
been called upon to considerand acton this ques-
tion—I was staggered. 1 then stated that I was
not prepared, on that occasion, to give my vote.
I, for one, desired further time to consider the
question, and I desired to hear it discussed by
older and abler Senators than myself. Sir, I have,
on reflection, arrived at the conclusion that the
power does exist in the Senate to compel the at-
tendance of witnesses for legislative purposes; and,
if it can compel their attendance, to compel them
to testify; and I will briefly state, without going
into an argument, the grounds upon which I have
arrived at this conclusion.
My honorable friend from Rhode Island [Mr.
Simmons] does not deny the power to summon
witnesses and to compel them to testify; but he
bases his proposition on the ground that this wit-
ness has excused himself for not appearing before
the committee and testifying, in obedience to the
summons. In my judgment, the Senator from
Rhode Island is wrong. The witness says, in
effect, " I will go before the committee and testify
upon condition that th% Senate will renounce the
power to compel me to testify." So far as this
particular witness is concerned, perhaps it is not
of any very great consequence; but suppose this
committee, to-morrow, should resolve to summon
the late Governor of Virginia, Mr. Wise, upon
the ground that he may have in his possession, or
may have obtained, some important information,
and it is said that he has lately declared in a public
speech that rubies could not induce him to dis-
close the knowledge that he has acquired in refer-
ence to this transaction: if we to-day renounce
the power of the Senate to compel the attendance
of witnesses, it would be idle for us to undertake
to exercise it in any other case, if a witness should
decline to come. Therefore the case is important.
If we have power to summon the witness and to
compel him to testify, he must testify without our
saying to him that we renounce the power to call
him and to compel him to give his testimony. If
he desires to change his answer, and say that "I am
now ready to go before the committee and testify
unqualifiedly and without any conditions attached
that the Senate are to renounce their power,"
then I would listen to a proposition of this kind.
I do not question the honesty or the sincerity of
the counsel, or of the individual himself, in this
argument which has been presented here, denying
the power of the Senate to summon a witness to
testify.
Mr. President, a single word in relation to the
argument of my honorable friend fi om Massachu-
setts, and my honorable friend from New Hamp-
shire. The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
concedes that there are five cases in which we have
the power to summon witnesses, and compel their
attendance; and, of necessity, to compel them to
give their testimony. One is, when wo act as a
court for the trial ofan impeachment; another,when
we jtfdge of the qualifications and elections of
members of this body; and a third, when we judge
of the disorderly behavior or conduct of any mem-
ber of this l ( dy, with a view to his expulsion.
He says, the power in these three cases is given
by thc'Constitution; because we, having imposed
upon us the duty and responsibility of trying the
facts of the case in these instances, must of neces-
sity be clothed with the power to bring the facts
to the knowledge of the Senate; and that, of ne-
cessity, includes the power to bring and compel
the attendance of witnesses. So, too, upon two
other cases, which he says go to the existence of
the body itself, and are necessary for our self-de-
fense. I shall not speak of this Harper's Ferry
transaction; but if carried out, as it was supposed
to have been inaugurated on the part of Brown,
it was an attempt to subvert the very existence of
every department of the Government. It was a
treasonable conspiracy got up in Canada, outside
of the United States, with a constitution for a pro-
visional government of the United States, of which
John Brown was to be commander-in-chief—going
to the very existence of the Government, and
every department of it.
But,Mr. President,! do not base the power in
this case upon that ground; but upon another.
This is the ground upon which I had my doubts,
whether it be necessary for the purposes of legis-
lation to call witnesses and take their testimony.
I have given my thoughts to that, and I am satis-
lied that there are cases which even the honorable
gentlemen on my loft, [Mr. IIaix and Mr. Sum-
ner,] must concede to be cases of necessity for the
taking of testimony for legislative purposes. Sup-
pose there is a claim presented against the United
States of $59,000, and we are called upon in our
legislative capacity to vote for it or vote against
it. Is it not absolutely necessary for us to ascer-
tain the amount? and how can we ascertain the
amount without taking the tcstimon y of witnesses ?
We must refer it to a committee, summon wit-
nesses, bring them before the committee, take
their testimony. How is it if you desire to pass
legislation for the purpose of preventing frauds
upon your revenue laws ? It may be necessary
for you to summon witnesses from the great ports
of entry of the United States—from New Orleans,
New York, and Boston—to call witnesses before
a committee, for the purpose of ascertaining the
precise manner in which these frauds are com-
mitted, so that you may be prepared, in your
legislative capacity,to draw the enactments which*
arc necessary to put an end to them.
Mr. President, \ maintain that the Senate of
the United States, which, by the Constitution, is
clothed with one branch of the legislative power
of this Government, is clothed by the Constitu-
tion itself with all the power which is necessary
to discharge its duty as one branch of Congress;
and it being necessary in some cases, for legisla-
tive purposes, to call witnesses, it belongs to Con-
gress to judge of that necessity. There is no one
-else to judge. It is not in the exercise of a de-
spotic power or an arbitrary power; but we, as the
representatives of the sovereign States ofthis coun-
try, acting, not for ourselves, but acting for the
States and the whole people of the country, are
called upon to act in our official capacity, and to
judge of the necessity when a witness shall be
called, precisely as much as a court in its capacity
is called upon to judge and determine whether a
given witness is or is not necessary to be called
into court for the adjudication of the case in hand.
Mr. President, it therefore being necessary, in
some cases, for Congress to take testimony, it is
for each branch of Congress to judge for itself
when it is necessary that that testimony should
be submitted to it. It is a question of fact, not a
question of law. It is a question resting in dis-
cretion. That discretion is one which is to be ex-
ercised by the body—exercised upon their official
responsibility and their official oaths; and 110 feel-
ing of sympathy on the one hand, and no threats
of bringing down popular indignation upon the
other, should deter or drive'a Senator the tithe of
one hair from the performance of his duty. It is
his sworn duty, his constitutional duty, and if
the Constitution has given us the power, and
clothed us with the responsibility, it is a duty
from which we cannot shrink if we would.
I know my honorable friend from New Hamp-
shire says tfiat it is an extfaordinary power to
bring a witness from another State, why, Mr.
President, that comes back to the question of
power. If we have power to summon a witness
at all, we have the power under the Constitution,
and that power is co-extensive with the Consti-
tution; it covers our whole territorial jurisdiction
from ocean to ocean, and from the Lakes to the
Gulf. There is no limit put upon it. It is a sim-
ple question, whether we have the power under
the Constitution, arid that is the only question
which is involved in the case.
Mr. President, after giving this subject some
pretty earnest attention since the last adjourn-
ment, I have come to the conclusion, and am sat-
isfied, that this power of calling witnesses for the
purpose of giving testimony to a legislative body,
is a power which, of necessity, must exist. It is
a power which is exercised, I believe, by each
branch of every State Legislature within the Uni-
ted States. I do not know a State where it is not
or has not been exercised. I therefore say, frank-
ly, that the doubts which I felt, and which I ex-
pressed at the time of our last adjournment, have,
on further consideration, been entirely removed.
I was peifectly free to express them then, for I
felt them. I have none of that pride of consist-
ency or of opinion which, when 1 doubt my own
opinion, prevents me from changing it at any
time when sufficient reasons can be given.
For the reasons I have stated, 1 shall insist
upon the exercisc of this power by the Senate;
though witnesses may say they cannot conscien-
i tiously give their testimony when the Senate of
: the United States, in its judgment, deems it nc-
i ccssary. I cannot conscientiously say that a wit-
! ness shall be discharged for such a reason.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have only one word to say
in reference to this witness's answer. I did not
understand the answer to be coupled with any
condition that we would not very readily under-
stand was there without the condition. I sup-
posed that no committee of this House would
