1859.
OHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
85T
ceeded to ballot for Speaker with the following
result: Whole number of votes cast, 231; neces-
sary to a choice, 116; of which—
Mr. Sherman received ,.1X0
Mr. Bocock    88
Mr. Gilmer 20
Mr. Horace F. Clark   3
Mr. boteler    2
Mr. John G. Davis  2
Mr. Haskin  2
Mr. Barksdale  1
Mr. Etheridge    1
Mr. Hickman    1
Mr. McQueen    1
So there was no choice.
The following is the rote in detail:
For Mr. Sherman—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrich,
Alleys Ashley, Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Bray-
ton, Butfinton, Burlmgame, Burnham, Burroughs, Butter-
field, Campbell.. C.trey, Carter, Case, Clark B. Coclnane,
Colfax, Conkling, Corwin, Covode, Cuitis, Dawes, Delano,
Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Farnsworth,
Fenton, Ferry, Foster, Frank, Frcncii, Gooch, Gtaham,
Grow, Gurley, Halo, Hail, Ilelmick, Hoard, Humphrey,
Hutchins, Irvine, Junkm, Francis W. Kellogg, William
Kellogg, ICenyon, Iviigoie, Killmgcr, DeWitt C. Leach,
Lee, Longneckcr, Looims, X^ovejoy, Marston, McKean,
McKnight, McPheison, Milhvard, Moorhead, Moiull, Ed-
ward Joy Morris, Morse, Nixon, Palmer, Pennington, Perry,
Pettit, Portei, Potter, Pottle, Rice, Christopher Rc.binson,
Royce, Seranton, Scdgwick, Somes, Spauldmg, Spinner,
Stanton, Stevdns, William Stcwait, Stratton, Tappan,
Thayer, Theuker, Tompkins, Train, Trimble, Vandever,
Van Wyck, Verree, Wade, Waldron, Walton, (Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Eliihu B. Washbume. Israel Washburn,
Wells, Wilson, Wmdom, WTood, and Woodruff.
For Mr. Bocock—Messrs. Allen, Thomas L. Anderson,
Ashmore, Avery, Barksdale, Barr, Barrett, Bonham, Boyee,
Branch, Burch, Burnett, John B.'Clark, Clemens, Clopton,
Cobb, John Cochrane, Cooper, Cox, James Craig, Burton
Craige, Crawford, Cuiry, Davidson, Reuben Davis, De Jar-
nette, Dimmiek, Edmundson, English, Florence, Fouke,
Garnett, Gaitrell, Hamilton, John T. Harris, Hawkins,
Hindman, Hoiman, Houston, Howard, Hughes, Jackson,
Jenkins, Jones, Keitt, Kunkel, Lamar, Lanabce, l^oako,
Logan, Love, Maclay,Chatles D. Martin, Elbeit Martin,
McClernand, McQueen, McRae, Miles,MilKon,Montgom-
ery, Sydenham Mooie, I*aac N. Moms, Niblack. Noell,
Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Pryoi, Reagan, James C. Rob-
inson. Ruffin, Ru&t, Scott, Sickles, Simms, Singleton, Wil-
liam Smith, Stevenson, James A. Stewair, Stout, Taylor,
Thomas, Underwood, Vallandigham, Whiteley, Winslow,
Woodson, and Wright.
For Mr> Gilmer—Messrs. William C. Andeison, Boteler,
Bouligny, Brabson, Buggs, Bristow, XL Winter Davis, Eth-
eridge, J. Monison Harris, Ilatton, Hill, James M. Leach,
Mailory, Maynard, Nelson, Q.uarlcs, William N. II. Smith,
Stokes, Vance, and Webster.
For Mr. Horace F. Clark — Me&srs. Adr.un, John G.
Davis, and Reynolds.
For Mr. Boteler — Messrs. Hardeman and Laban T.
Moore.
For Mr- John G. Davis—Mpwr^. Horace F. Clark and
Riggs.
For Mr. Haskin— Messrs. Hickman and Schwartz.
For Mr. Barksdale—Mr. Bocock.
For Mr. Elhcridqc—Mi. Gilmer.
For Mr. Hickman—Mr. Haskm.
For Mr. McQueen—Mr, Pugh.
Mr. HICKMAN. Is a resolution in order at
this time ?
The CLERK. The order of the House was to
procecd to a ballot.
Mr. HICKMAN. But only for one ballot. I
offer the following1 resolution.
^ The CLERK. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania asks leave to offer the following resolu-
tion 
Mr. HICKMAN. I do not ask leave; I claim
the right to offer it. The order of the House was
to proceed to a ballot, and that, according to my
understanding of it, meant a single ballot, as here-
tofore. The order was precisely the same as those
made upon previous days.
The CLERK. The Clerk will state to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania that there is another
question pending, on which the previous question
is called.
Mr. RUFFIN. Then I object to the introduc-
tion of the resolution.
The CLERK. If objection be made, it will be
for the House to determine.
Mr. GROW. Yes; and the House must hear
the resolution, in order to know whether it is
proper or not.
Mr. HICKMAN. Of course, there is no objec-
tion to the resolution being read; but I was not
aware that the previous question was pending.
The resolution was read, as follows:
• Resolved, That the Hou«e will proceed immediately to
the election of a Speaker viva voce; and if, after the roll
shall have been cailed three times, no member shall have
received a majority of all the votes oast, the roll shall again
be called and the member who shall then receive the largest
number of votes, provided it shall be a majority of a quo-
rum, shall be declared duly elected Speaker of the House
of Representatives of the Thirty-Sixth Congress.
Mr. RUFFIN, Mr. Mc&UEEN, and others
objected.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move that the House do
now (three o'clock, p. m.) adjourn.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. On that motion, I
call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. LEAKE. I rise to a question of order.
When there is a motion to adjourn pending, no
other motion is in order.
The CLERK. The Clerk understands that a
motion to fix the time to which the House shall
adjourn is a privileged motion. •
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and was decided in
the negative—yeas 102, nays 127; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Thomas L. Anderson, Ashmore, Avery,
Barksdale, Barr, Barrett, Bocock, Bonham, Boteler, Bou-
ligny, Boyce, Brabson, Branch, Bristow, Burch, Burnett,
John B. Claik, Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cooper,
Cox, BurtonCiaige, Crawfcnd, Cuny, Davidson, II. Win-
ter Davis, Reuben Davis, Do Jarnette, Dimmiek, Edmund-
son, Ethendge, Florence, Fouke, Gainctt, Gartrell, Gilmer,
Hamilton, Hardeman, J. Mom&on Hairis, John T. Harris,
Hatton, Hawkins, Hill, Hindman, Houston, Hughes, Jack-
son, Jenkins, Jones, Kent, Kunkel, Lamar, Lairabee,
James M. Leach, Leake, Logan, Love, Maelay, Mailory,
Chailcs I>. Martin, Elbert S. Martin, Maynard, McCler-
nand, McQueen, MeRae, Miles, Millson, Laban T. Moore,
Sydenham Mooie, Isaac N. Morris, Noell, Pendleton,
Peyton. Phelps, Pryor, Pugh, Q.uarles, Reagan, James C.
Robinson, Rufiin. Rust, Scott, Sickles, Simms, Singleton,
William Smith, William N. II. Smith, Stevenson, James
A. Stewart, Stokes, Stout, Taylor, Thomas, Underwood,
Vallandigham, Vance, Webster, Whiteley, Winslow,
Woodson, arid Wright—102.
NAYS—Messrs. Chailes F. Adams, Adrain, Aldrich,
Allen, Alley, William C. Anderson, Ashley, Babbitt, Beale,
Bingham, Blu.ii, Blake, Biayton, Bnggs, Ru.ffi.nton, Burlm-
game, Buinham, Burroughs, Butterheld, Campbell, Carey,
Caitei, Case, Horace F. Clark, Clemens, Clark B. Coch-
rane, Colfax, Conkling, Coiwm, Covode, Cuitis, John G.
Davis. Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edgcrfon, Edwards,
Eliot. Ely, English, Farnsworth, Fenton, Ferry, Foster,
Fiank, French, Gooch, Graham, Gi ow, Gurley, Hale, Hall,
llaskm, Ilelmick, Hickman, Hoaid, Hoiman, Howard,
Humphrey, Hutchms, Irvine, Junkm, Francis W. Kellogg,
William Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, Killmgcr, DeWitt C.
Leach, Ijee, Longneckcr, Loomh, t ovejoy, Marston, Mc-
Kean, McKnight, McPherson, Milhvard, Moorhead, Mor-
rill, Edward Joy Morris, Nelson, Niblack, Nixon, Palmer,
Pennington, Pcriy, Pettit,Porter, Pottei,Pottle, Reynolds,
Rice, Riggs, Christopher Itobmson, Royce, Schwartz,
Seranton, Scdgwick, Sherman, Somes, Spaulding, Spin-
ner, Stanton, Stevens, Wdhain Stewart, Stratton, Tappan,
Thayei, Theaker, Tompkins, Tiain, Trimble, Vandever,
Van"Wyck, Verree, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Elliliu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Wells, Wilson, Wmdom, Wood, and Woodruff—127.
So the House refused to adjourn over.
The question recurred on the motion to adjourn,
on which the yeas and nays had been ordered.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tlemen on the other side whether they are willing
to say at what time they will be prepared to take
a vote on the resolution of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hickman?] We are ready
to adjourn if they agree to any time for taking a
vote on that resolution.
Members on the Democratic side. Oh, no ! we
want to debate it 1
Mr. RUFFIN. We want to vote on the other
questions first.
The question was taken;and was decided in the
negative—yeas 107, nays 123; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. ThomasL. Anderson, Ashmoie, Avery,
Barksdale, Bnrr, Barrett, Bonham, Boteler, Bouligny,
Boyce, Biabson, Branch, Buggs, Bristow, Buich, Burnett,
John B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cooper,
Cox, James Ciaig, Burton Ciaige, Crawfotd, Cuiry, II.
Winter Davis, Reuben Davis De Jainctte, Dimmiek, Ed-
mundson, Emrlish, Ethoudge, Florence, Fouke, Garnett,
Gain ell, Gilmer, Hamilton, llaidcman, J. Morribon Hams,
John T Ilariis, Hatton, Hawkins, Hill, Hindman. Houston,
Howard, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Keitt, Kunkel,
Lamar, Lariabee, James M. Leach, Leake, Ijocan, Love,
MacIhv, Mailory, Charles D. Mai tin, Elbert S. Martin,
Maynard, McClernand, McQueen, McUae, Miles, Millson,
Montgomery, Laban T. Mooie, Sydenham Moore,IsaacN.
Moiris, Nelson, Niblack, Noell, Pendleton, Peyton, I'heJhis,
Pryor, pugh, Quarlec, Reagan, James C. Robinson, Rumn.
Rust, Scott, Sickles, Simms, Singleton, William Smith',
William N. II. Smith',Stevenson. James A.^Stewart, Stokes,
Stout. Taylor, Thomas Undei wood, Vallandigham, Vance,
W( l^ter, Whiteley, Winslow, Woodson, and Wright—107.
NAYS—Messrs. Chailcs F. Adams Adiain, Aldrich,
Allen, Alley, William C. Anderson, Ashley, Babbitt, Beale,
Bingham, BJair, Blake, Brayton, Bufhnton, Burlmgame,
Burnham, Burroughs, Buttertield, Campbell, Carey, Caiter,
Cast1, Horace F. Claik, Clemens, Claik. B. Cpclaane, Col-
fax, Conkling, t'oiwin, Covode, Curtis, Davidson, John G.
Davis, Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards
Eliot, Ely, Farnsworth, Fenton, Feiry, Foster, Frank,
French, Gooch, Graham, Grow, Gurley, Hale, Hall, Haskin,
Helmick, Hickman, Hoard, Hoiman, Humphrey, Hutching.
Irvine, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, .Ken-
yon, Kilgore, Killinger, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Long-
necker, Loomis. Lovejoy, Marston, McKean, McKnight,
McPherson, Millward, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy
Morris, Morse, Nixon, Palmer, Pennington, Perry, Pettit,
Porter, Potter, Pottle, Reynolds, Rice, Riggs, Christopher
Robinson, Royce, Schwartz, Seranton, Sedgwick, Somes,
Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, Steyens, William Stewart,
Stratton, Tappan, Thayen Theaker,- Tompkins, Train,
Trimble, Vandever, Van Wyck, Verree, Wade, waldron,
Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, EllihuB. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Windom, Wood, and
Woodruff—123.
So tho House refused to adjourn.
Mr. DAVIDSON obtained the floor.
Mr. HICKMAN. I now insist that the reso-
lution which I offered takes precedence of other
questions, and I make that point of order, and in-
sist on the point of order being put to the House.
Mr. BONHAM. Does the gentleman from '
Ohio propose to go on with his speech?
Mr. STANTON. If the time is to be occupied
in that way, I suppose I may as well go on.
Mr. BONHAM. Well, then, go on.
Mr. HICKMAN. On the resolution that I
have offered, I make the point of order that it is
a privileged question,
Mr. DAVIDSON. I believe I have the floor.
Mr. McttUEEN. I objected to the introduction
of that resolution, and it has not been received.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania asked leave to offer a resolution.
Mr: HICKMAN. No, sir. I did not ask leave
to offer it. That is a mistake.
The CLERK. Then the gentleman asked to
have read a resolution.
Mr. HICKMAN. I offered it.
The CLERK. Claiming that he had a right
to offer it. The Clerk intimated that there was
another question pending—the point oforder raised
by the gentleman's colleague, [Mr. Stevens,] on
which the previous question had been callcd—the
question before the House being,{4 Shall the main
question be now put?" Objection was made to
the introduction of the resolution; and thereupon
a motion was made that the House adjourn, and
another motion that when the House do adjourn,
it adjourn to meet on Monday. The Houscncg-
atived both those motions; and then the gentle-
man from Louisiana [Mr. Davidson] was recog-
nized by the Clerk, and the Clerk feels that he is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. HICKMAN. Allow *nc to remark that
the resolution which I offered was only cut off
from the consideration of the House in conse-
quence of the privileged motions to adjourn over
and to adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE. Oh, no; the resolution was
not received nor entertained, nor can it be, in my
judgment.
Mr. HICKMAN. I did not ask for permission
to introduce that resolution. There is the mis-
take that is made, in supposing that I could only
offer the resolution by permission. As I said
before, I claim it as a right; and if that be object-
ed to, then I raise the point of order, and ask that
it bo submitted to the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think the Clerk is under
a misapprehension. By express agreement the
gentleman from Ohio is entitled to the floor after
the House shall have ceased to ballot. If he de-
sires, therefore, he may proceed with his remarks.
The CLERK. The pending question is the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] and'on that ques-
tion tho gentleman from Ohio is entitled to the
floor under an understanding on which he sur-
rendered it in order that a vote for Speaker might
be taken. The intervening questions that have
arisen were privileged questions, and any person
who obtained the floor with the permission of tho
gentleman from Ohio, to make these motions, had
a right to make them.
Air. HOUSTON. No doubt of that.
Mr. HICKMAN. Do I understand the Clerk
to decide that the resolution which I have offered
is out of order?
Mr. KEITT. Yes; certainly.
The CLERK. The Clerk makes no decision;
but the Clerk does state that the resolution is out
of order while there is another point of order
pending.
Mr. HICKMAN. Then I appeal from the
decision of the Clerk.
The CLERK. The Clerk has made no decis-
