1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2QS1
thatregard. {understand that-yecanofferamend-
ments to it at any part before it is finally dis-
posed of.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not;
but if there be no objection, the committee can go
back.
Objection was made.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move to amend,
by making the duty on flaxseed eighteen per cent.
ad valorem.
Objection was made.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair feels some
doubt in regard to this question; but still he is
inclined to think it is not in order to go back.
Mr. COLFAX. A number of gentlemen who
voted against this say they are willing to go for a
duty of sixteen cents per bushel. I appeal to the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vallandiqham] to
move that as his amendment, and let us test this
question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I make this proposition. I
am satisfied that a material amendment of the bill
will endanger it; but I am perfectly willing that
fentlemen shall take the responsibility in the
fouse bya voteof yeas and nayson the question
of imposing a duty of sixteen cents per bushel.
Mr. STANTON. That is all we want.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will vote against it my-
self, because I think it would defeat the bill; but
still I am willing to let gentlemen take the responsi-
bility.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The proposition
is that I shall be allowed the privilege of submit-
ting my amendment in the House, and of having
a vote by yeas and nays.
Mr. SHERMAN. On sixteen cents a bushel.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. No; on twenty
cents.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman from Ver-
mont has charge of the bill. I made this propo-
sition simplvto facilitate the vote. If the gentle-
man from Vermont is willing to accede to the
Ereposition of the gentleman from Ohio, I am;
ut I do not think it is right.
Mr. VAJLLANDIGHlM. I ask the gentle-
man from Vermont if he will agree to it?
Mr. MORRILL. I should be unwilling to
adopt the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio,
for this reason: that while sixteen cents per
bushel would be nearly the same as twenty per
cent., yet the twenty per cent, is not a specific,
and I prefer, if there should be any amendment
adopted in the bill, that it should be in harmony
with the other provisions of the bill.
And now, Mr. Chairman, I will say a single
word in rcspect to the merits of the question. It
is utterly impossible for the State of Ohio, or for
the whole of this country, to supply the vastquan-
tity of this article that is needed; and I say, most
distinctly, that this protection would notbenefitthe
farmers of the country a single mill. If it be not
imported in flaxseed it will be imported in oil,
which can be brought for one quarter part of the
freight that the seed itself can he-
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Then I understand
the gentleman from Vermont to decline to accede
to my proposition.
The CHAIRMAN. So theChairunderstands.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM Then I ask a vote
on my amendment, to fix the duty at eighteen per
cent, ad valorem.
Mr. COX called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Houston
and Somes were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 69, noes 81.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I now move to strike out
" ten," and insert " sixteen."
I have no speech to make, except to remark, in
reply to my colleague, that I do not recognize the
right of any class of gentlemen to say that if a
bill is not modified by the House or the committee
to suit thoir particular views, they will vote against
the whole bill, and upon that argument demand
of gentlemen who diner with them that they shall
forpg® their modifications.
Now, if it happens that a committee is so con-
stituted as to favor some interests and disre-
gard others, that furnishes no reason why the
interests disregarded should refuse to claim ade-
luate protection. Now, it is no matter what the
reason is; but it so happens that this Committee
of Ways and Means is not willing to give what,
in the judgment of this House, is an adequate
protection upon this commodity.
Now, if those differently interested are unwill-
ing to take the bill with this modification, it is no
fault of ours; and if they might happen to refuse
to vote for the bill with this modification, there is
a bare possibility that somebody may vote against
it if the modification is not made. That is a game
.that two can play at.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not reply to the ob-
servation which my colleague made yesterday, in
regard to the Committee of Ways and Means,
because I thought every member would see the
motive of the observation. I did not, therefore,
want to allude to it. Now, in regard to this bill,
all the agricultural interests of our country are
better protected under this bill than under any
bill evei introduced into the House. I have al-
ready stated, in regard to flaxseed, that there are
three distinct items of protection of the flaxseed
interest. Now, in regard to wool, under the pres-
ent tariff law, wool under twenty cents a pound
is admitted duty free. Under this bill, we pro-
pose that wool under eighteen cents a pound shall
be admitted duty free, which is a gain of two
cents, covering a large quantity of wool. Then
we have put a duty of three cents a pound on all
wool between eighteen and twenty-four cents, and
a duty of nine cents on all wool over twenty-four
cents, wool that comes in competition with our
ftwn domestic production.
Now, it seems to me that the course which has
been pursued in regard to this bill would defeat
any tariff bill ever introduced into the House.
Suppose my friend from Pennsylvania, who is
dissatisfied with the iron features of the bill, should
rise up and move to levy a duty of seven dollars
a ton upon pig iron, and he and a few men of ex-
treme notions"should vote with all the enemies of
the bill and of protection, and ingraft that objec-
tionable provision on the bill, and defeat it. In
that way, the flaxseed interest or the wool inter-
est may defeat the bill now, by combining with
the enemies of protection. I ask the gentlemen
upon the other side to say, in all candor, whether
they are in favor of increasing the duty upon wool
and flaxseed ? No, sir; they vote for it in order
to defeat the bill. A tariff "bill of this kind can
only be passed bya general combination of all the
interests embraced in the bill.
Mr. COLFAX. Although the debate on this
amendment is exhausted, by one speech for and
one against it, I ask unanimous1 consent to say
but a few words.
Several Members. No objection.
The CHAIRMAN stated, if there was no ob-
jection, he could proceed. There was no objec-
tion.
Mr. COLFAX. My friend from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman,] while defending himself against what
he regarded asacensonous'"remairk,hasbeenhim-
self somewhat unjust to those of us who are ad-
vocating adequate duties on flaxseed. He inti-
mated that we were acting with the enemies of the
bill, when we are only upholding the interests of
our constituents. Flaxseed is a product of the
farmer;and when we are arranging the details of
a bill of this character, we should discriminate in
favor of the farmer and the products of his labor.
I will vote for no bill that does not. Now, shall
we encourage the raising of flaxseed by the farm-
ers of the United States, or by the people of the
Old World, and thence to beimported here? This
is the question. I am for the former of these two
policies; and I appeal to those representing man-
ufacturing interests not to again vote this propo-
sition down, but to allow it to be incorporated in
the bill. We only ask sixteen cents per bushel.
Let us now stand by this interest of the farmer,
in which my Democratic neighbor from Ohio,
[Mr. vallandigham,] and nearly all of our col-
leagues of both parties from Ohio and Indiana,
concur, and you will find in a few years that the
great West will produce flaxseed by the million
bushels. TheUrfarmers willrealize also thattheir
interests have not been entirely overlooked in the
arrangement of our tariffs, leaving this product of j
their fields free of duty, as under the presenttariff, j
which has almost broken up flax-raising in the i
Northwest, where it was auspiciously inaugu- j
rated, with remunerative prices,under the protec- i
tion afforded by the tariff of 1842. I trust the i
amendment will be adopted. , j
Mr. CURTIS. May I be allowed a word m ,
reply to the gentleman from' Indiana? [Cries of
"No, no!"and "Order!"] '
Tellers were ordered on Mr. Stanton's amend-
ment; and Messrs. Colfax and BvtFtmtw Were
appointed. r
The committee divided;and the tellers reported
—ayes 80, noes 71.
. So the amendmentwas agreed-to.
Mr. HUGHES. I desire now to amend the
substitute in the tenth section, to correspond witK
the original bill, as amended by the committee
yesterday, by increasing.the duty from ten to
twenty cents upon snuff, and also by increasing
the duty, as I then proposed, upon manufactured
tobacco.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a question of order.
The committee having passed that section, they
cannot now go back to amend it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks itistoo
late to offer the amendment.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I wish to propose
an amendment to that section which, I presume,
is merely typographical. It is of ho consequence
in itself, except that it may give rise to difficul-
ties in the construction of the bill hereafter. In
lines twenty-five and twenty-six, are the words
" hemp or rape seeds." Now, sir, these seeds
are very different in their character, although tl}e
use of the word " or," to connect them, might
seem to indicate they were the same. I propose,
therefore, to strike out the word "or," and in-
sert the word " and."
There being no objection, the amendment was
adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to offer, as a sub-
stitute, the substitute proposed by the gentleman
from Vermont, with the addition of the tobacco
clause which the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Hughes] wishes to have inserted, and with the
addition of a proviso, which I will send up. and
have read. That will give us a fair vote between
the two propositions.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to ap-
peal to the gentleman also to include the amend-
ment, adopted yesterday on my motion, increas-
ing the duty on pottery.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman may have
a vote on his amendment, I presume, as an amend-
ment to mine. The proviso which I propose to
add is in regard to the mode of valuation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will suggest
to the gentleman from Ohio that the reading of
the substitute, now going on, be completed; and
then the amendment of the gentleman may be
read as an amendment to the amendment.
Mr. STANTON. If I understand the effectof
the proposition of my colleague, it will be to cut
off all detailed amendments, such as have been
acted on in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I wish to inquire of the
Chair whether the proposition of the gentleman
from Ohio is not an amendment in the third de-
gree .' As I understand it, there are two amend-
ments already pending to the bill, and that offered
by the gentleman from Ohio will make the third.
The CHAIRMAN. The only amendment
pending was that of the gentleman from Vermont.
The gentleman from Ohio now offers another
amendment, which is in order.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Was not the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vallandigham]
pending at the time ?
The CHAIRMAN. It was not.
Mr. STANTON. The question now, I sup-
pose, is on the substitute proposed by the gentle-
man from Vermont.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on tho
amendment proposed by the gentleman's col-
league, [Mr. Sherman.]
Mr. STANTON. Then I understand no fur-
ther amendments are in order.
The CHAIRMAN. Nofurtheramendmentis
in order at this time.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to say to the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] who seems to
suppose that he may still offer his amendment,
that he will have no such opportunity. If the
substitute of his colleague was not intended io
cut liim off, it has that effect under the ruling of
the Chair. My opinion is that the decision of the
Chair was wrong; but, however that may be,
according to the Chair's decision all further amend-
