1108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
think of interfering with the constitutional rights
of a witness, and it did not take anything from
his willingness to answer that he put that in; avid
I have suggested this method to get rid of im-
prisoning this man—a disagreeable task.
If my suggestion does not meet with any favor,
if people think it is necessary in order to preserve
the dignity of the Senate, though 1 do not, to im-
prison this man, I shall not press it. 1 believe it
would be better for us to discharge the man, and
to accept his excuse for his first act that we
think wrong, and place him on the footing of all
other witnesses, and then proceed anew with him.
That would be my way. I dislike to take a man
and punish him for a thing that I think he did
not do with any malicio us intent; but he has acted
under advice, not hastily. Besides, to decide in
our own case between a question of dignity on the
one side and of contempt on the other, and shut
a man up—I have great dread of exercising so
severe a power. I dislike it. I have made a sug-
gestion of what I think the proper course, but I
will withdraw the amendment if Senators think
it is going to give up any principle or yield any
power. I should be very glad tp have the man
excused; but I withdraw the proposition, as it
does not seem to strike others as it does me. I
stated at the outset that I believed in the power.
The man has made an answer that satisfies me; at
any rate, that it is an excuse.
Mr. DAVIS. Whilst I am ready to admit that
this debate has been interesting and, if you please,
instructive, I think it has very little relation to the
subject before us. The Senatorfrom New Hamp-
shire, in his new-born zeal for State rights, has
explained to us what I cannot see the application
of, the doctrine of State rights, and seeks to apply
it to the, case of a contumacious witness. Of the
rights of the States, he surely must have very
great confusion of idea in his mind when they are
extended to covering a witness, or any other per-
son who is responsible under the law to the pen-
alties which he has incurred. The Government
of the United States, instituted by the States as
its agent, and clothed-with certain powers, pos-
sesses these powers fully. It is no invasion of the
right of a State for the Federal Government to
exercise any of the powers with which the States
have invested it; and it is a strange confusion of
terms to speak of the right of a State as involved
in the summoning of a witness, and compelling
his attendance for puijtoses which are within the
scope of the Federal Government.
But, again, we are constantly presented with
an argument against bringing the witness from
his State, and compelling him to answer before a
committee, when ho is ready to answer volunta-
rily, and all this is without any reference to the
facts of the case. This witness came here under
summons, remained here for weeks, put off the
committee from time to time with reasons and
excuses which finally seemed to be mere pretexts
for delay, and when notified that he must testify
on a particular day and hour, he then absconded;
and the whole necessity for bringing him from
another State was on account of his absconding
from this District when notified that the committee
would wait no longer under his frivolous pre-
tenses, but would require him to come and an-
swer. If the witness had chosen to go before the
committee as other witnesses did, and enter his
protest, and then proceed to answer, he would
have enjoyed all the privilege which seems to be
now asserted for him, and no question would have
been presented to the Senate. The Senate, how-
ever, raised a committee, invested it with power
to send for persons and papers, and they have
exercised that power. One witness refuses to
testify. The committee have reported it to the
Senate. The Senate has taken its action in ac-
cordance with its original order, investing that
committee with power to send for persons and
papers; and now fanciful pleas are set up for
human right, for liberty—humanitarianism at last
is interposed. The Senator from Rhode Island—
I really do not know whether satirically or not—
refers to the countenance of the witness as suffi-
cient to satisfy him, against the face of the record
which the committee kept, and the report which
the committee made.
Mr. SlMMONS. I said it satisfied me that he
acted conscientiously; thathe could not conscien-
tiously answer. I made no reflection on the com-
mittee whatever. I believe that, in everything I
have said, I have declared that I voted for all the
propositions of the committee, and thought them
right. It was the mere matter of excuse I was
giving him the benefit of.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Rhode Island,
in his vast experience and good judgment, must
see how shallow the plea is, when a witness is
brought here for great public purposes, that he
should say his conscience was too tender to tell the
truth. What criminal, or what man who had been
in a conspiracy, criminal in all its ends and aims,
would not shelter himself, when summoned before
a committee to testify, if his tender conscience at
the last hour, when steeped in crime and treason,
might plead against the right of a committee to
know from him the truth ? It must be a matterof
very great indifference to Senators on this side
whether the committee require the witness to tes-
tify or not. Iam sure, so far as one member of the
committee is concerned, I can say that, if the Sen-
ate think proper to withdraw from the committee
the power they have conferred upon it to send for
persons and papers, I shall consent to discharge
the duties devolved on me without that power, as
far as I may; and the Senate will be responsible,
and those who take such a position will be re-
sponsible, for hiding a base conspiracy, a portion
of which is known to the world.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment of
the Senator from Rhode Island having been with-
drawn, the question is on the resolutions of the
Senato r from Virginia, on which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
Mr. MASON. 'Mr. President, the duty de-
volved on me, as the organ of this committee, to
vindicate the power of the Senato, which the com-
mittee has invoked, has been so far better dis-
charged by honorable Senators around me, than
I can discharge it; that I shall certainly undertake
to add nothing to their arguments—by the Sen-
ator from Vermont, at a former stage of this dis-
cussion, and the Senator from Maine and the
Senator from Kentucky, in the course of to-day.
I could not doubt the power of the Senate to
bring this witness lie're, and compel him to tes-
tify , unless I doubted the capacity of the Amer-
ican people for self-government. It is the cxer-
cise of a power by the sovereignties of States
here convened; they exercise the power in the
Senate. If it is not competent to them, having
formed this Government, to exercise this power
in matters properly before them, by compelling
any citizen to give up his private affairs and come
here and give information to the Senate ill matters
deemed important to them, I say the Government
is not competent to sustain itself, or to answer
the ends for which it was created.
The Senator fiom Rhode Island would seem to
be coming in conflict with, or to question, the facts
011 which this proceeding has been founded by
the committee. The committee reported that this
witness failed to appear and testify before them.
The resolution which the Senator from Rhode
Island introduced, and on which his argument
was based, would seem to convey the impression
that in some way that was a mistake on the part
of the committee; that the witness did not fail to
appear and testify. If that were true, the answer
of the witness would have put it in issue; thean-
swerof the witness has not.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator will allow me
to say that there is not a word there that the facts
were not as stated by the committee. I state
there that, in the answer of the witness, he made
his excuse and purged himself of the contempt;
that was all. There is not a word said that re
fleets at all on any proceedings of ours heretofore.
I believe I voted for them all, and I have said so
two or three times. I do not know how he sup-
poses I should find fault with what I dul.myself,
Mr. MASON. The witness, in his very volu-
minous answer to the first question, takes this
distinct ground:
" He is enstrained to regard such a committee as the
one raised upon the resolution of December 15,1859, to in-
vestigate the Harper's Ferry matters, as a tiibunai with
powers such as were never befoie known oi contemplated
in this republican Government; powers that are mimical
to freedom, subversive of liberty, and m violation of the
fundamentaliaw of the land, and to be resisted because"—
First, second, &c. He goes on to give his rea-
sons. If the honorable Senator can find dny
excuse in that for the failure of the witness to
appear before the committee, he can find what I
apprehend few others around him or elsewhere
could find. It is a declaration that he resists the
power because he believes that it cannot be exer-
cised without being subversive of freedom and
liberty, and so forth.
Nowto the second question. The second ques-
tion was, whether he is now ready to appear
before the committee and answer such proper
questions as may be put to him; and what is the
answer ?
"The undersigned has been always ready to voluntarily
appear at any time and at any place and before any com-
mittee ot the honorable Senate, and is now ready, upon his
rights as a man and a citizen being respected, in accord-
ance with the people's bill of rights in the Constitution of
his country," &c.
The substance of that is, that he is ready to
appear voluntarily. Why did he not do it:' The
first action of the committee, in all cases, of
course is a summons to the witness, which is an
official request that he appear. Why did he not
voluntarily appear, then ? There was no coercion.
The committee have reported that he did not, and
I assume that fact. If I were to go outside of
that, it would appear by the handwriting of this
witness that he came to Washington on the 1st
of February; remained here until the 21st; never
did come to the committee-room; kept away on
evasive pretenses; and when a peremptory note
was written to him to appear at a given day, as
the honorable Senator from Mississippi says, he
absconded. That is the fact; and then the com-
mittee reported that he had failed and refused to
appear. Now, I take the report of the committee
to be true.
The honorable Senator from New Hampshire
has had some difficulty in individualizing this man.
He is at a loss to know what to call him, whether
a criminal, or a prisoner, or an individual; but
would seem to imply that he was brought here
criminaliter, and entitled to the sympathy of the
country. Mr. President, there is not a citizen in
this broad land, North or South, East or West,
who will not respond to this declaration in the
American Senate, that it bccomcs every good citi-
zen, let him be where he may, if he is informed
that he has information- which the Senate or the
other House deems important to the public in-
terest that it should know, to present himself at
once, and give it without hesitancy, without re-
serve, far more without denial. That would be
the course of every man who prefers the public
good to any other consideration that could actu-
ate him—the public good, the public necessity,
the public welfare. The matter inquired into here,
as was said by the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin, correctly, was matter affecting the very
existence of this Government—treasonable pur-
poses; and if there is any citizen in the land who
can give information on the subject, he is bound
by every obligation of honor, of duty, of loyalty
to his country, voluntarily to come; not to seek to
avoid this duty by evasion, or subterfuge, or pre-
tense that his conscience will not allow him to
give Ins testimony.
Sir, it is the bounden duty of the Senate to en-
force its order, as the order of the States of this
Union, and to hold the witness in custody until
he is prepared to give the testimony required.
The honorable Senator from Rhode Island talks -
of its being a case of conscience. Why, sir, if it
be possible for the human mind to be so perverted
as to put up the judgment of its individual con-
science against the judgment of the authorized
powers of the land—and there might be such a case
of hallucination, what is sometimes called fanat-
icism; there might be such a case of an unsettled
mind—it becomes that man to leave the country
and to go to some other, where his conscience will
be respected when it is in conflict with the laws.
But I mean to say to the American people, that
no man will be tolerated anywhere that will set
up his conscience against the constituted author-
ities of the country. If he has such a conscience,
and it is really irritated, or vexed, or injured by
the operation of the Government of his country
and the laws of his country, let him leave it, and
go elsewhere.
I shall not detain the Senate, Mr. President,
and I am sure the Senate will bear me witness
that, m this proceeding, which has now been going
on a long while, I have taken as little time as any
Senator who has been on the floor at all, although
I am the organ of the committee that has made this
request of the Senate.
