THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
single cent to prevent the occurrence of a similar
state of things a^ain. "We want this post upon
the frontier. Wo want troops up there, and we
want a depot where they can have supplies and
provisions. If this Government would act with
that foresight and judgment which ought to char-
acterize their actions, we mishtguard against the
recurrence of these Indian difficulties, and against
the accumulation of these war debts, and against
the necessity of any gentleman being called upon
to express his judgment upon this floor that cer-
tain people had better be boarded at the St. Nich-
olas than upon the frontier. Is it a policy of our
Government to expose her distant Territories to
these contingencies, or is it her policy to guard
against them, and to direct those contingencies,
and to make our frontiers the safe abode of the
white man ?
During the progress of this debate I have been
very much struck with the fact that many persons
who appear upon this floor as Indian sympa-
thizers—and I speak of them with great rcspect,
for I, too, am an Indian sympathizer—when it
comes to the matter of making appropriations,
even to carry out the provisions of a treaty, are
found recording themselves in the negative. And
I find them in the same position when the ques-
tion is the making appropriations in order that
the military arm of the Government may be in a
position to protect the wlute settlements from at-
tack by the Indians. We ought to defend the
frontier people, and give them no opportunity to
say that they have been left without defense, and
therefore ware obliged to defend themselves. Do
that, and we shall hear 110 more of these war debts.
But until that is done, these debts must be con-
stantly recurring.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish to say that if we do
not pass some of these appropriations, there will
be no towns up there for speculators. [Laugh-
ter.!
1 ho amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred 011 concurring with the
seventh Senate amendment.
Mr. CURTIS called for tellers.
Tollers were ordered; and Messrs. Phelps and
Buttervield were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes thirty-nine, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
Insert the following:
For recoiiiitiuctin" tlie stables at Carlisle barracks,
®8,U30.
Mr. TONKIN. I move to amend by reducing
the amount to $4,000. My reason for moving to
reduce the sum, is, that the Committee of Ways
and Means have reported against allowing auy-
\Jjthing; and on consultation with many members,
I am induced to believe that this committee will
agree to allow that sum, (§4,000,) and rather than
get nothing,! have made the above motion. This
Carlisle barracks is a very important school of
training fur the cavalry. One fourth of onrcav-
alry troops are trained at that point. A short
time ago these stables were burned down; and
now, while there is a school of practice there,
they have 110 stables 111 which to keep the horses.
The Committee ofWaysand Means recommend
non-concurrence, and give as a reason that they
think thesum of $8,050entirely too much. There-
fore, m the hope that the Mouse will concur in the
amendment, and agree that $4,000 shall be appro-
priated for this purpose, 1 have moved to reduce
the. appropnation to §4,000.
Mr. PHELPS. Carlisle barracks is at present
occupied as a school for the instruction of recruits
in cavalry exercise and cavalry discipline. The
stabling at that point has recently been destroyed;
and that being so, I think it but right and proper
to have the school of cavalry instruction trans-
ferred into the neighborhood of the country where
the troops are employed. Why should you ask
recruits who are enlisted at St. Louis to be trans-
ported to Carlisle barracks for instruction, when,
after they are instructed, they have to be sent
back to the frontier for service? I submit to the
committee whether that is a proper place for a
school for the instruction of ymircavalry recruits?
Mr. WASHBUIINE, of Illinois. That de-
pends, in great measure, on the place where these
men are recruited. If in the eastern States, it
seems to me that Carlisle is a very proper place
for this school.
Mr. PHELPS. Not one recruit in fifty of those
enlisted in the Atlantic States is fit to ride a horse.
He is compelled to be tied to the horse in order
thathe may keep his seat. The great part of those
enlisted in the western States are good horsemen,
and do not require so long an instruction in cav-
alry exercise.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Western men
do not require practice or training in the manage-
ment of the horse.
Mr. PHELPS. Then why make an appro-
priation for this military school at Carlisle ? As
the stables are burned down, why not refuse to
make any apm'opriatipn for rebuilding them ? The
result will then be, that the school for cavalry
instruction will be transferred somewhere to the
western country, where the cavalry is to be used.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to amend
by reducing the appropriation one dollar. Mr.
Chairman, if there be one besetting evil in the
Army, it is the tendency to too much comfort and
fixing up. [Laughter.] Yes, for " fixing up;"
for instead of performing military service, and
meeting the demands upon them, they like to fit
up their quarters snug andcomfortable; and when
they get completely fixed up in that way, they
hate, worse than anything under the sun, to give
up their warm quarters for hard service on the
frontier. Sir, the whole thing is wrong.
To be sure there is one argument in favor of
the military school to which the gentleman from
Missouri refers. We have a great many foreign-
ers in the Army; and they are not like those west-
ern men, who will seize a horse,spring upon him,
and, without bridle or saddle, dash him headlong
over the prairies. They do not require to be taught
to ride. But if we enlist men who cannot ride,
I suppose we ought to have some school for train-
ing. Still, a small appropriation is all that is ne-
cessary. There ought to be such schools at one
or two places. I tlunlc, however, that there can-
not be any material necessity for one in the West.
With these remarks, I withdraw my amendment.
The question was taken 011 Mr. Junkin's amend-
ment to the amendment; and it was agreed to.
The question recurred oil the Senate amend-
ment as amended.
Tellers were demanded and ordered; and Messrs.
Winsi.ow, and Burnt of Pennsylvania, were ap-
pointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes sixty-four, noes not counted.
So the Senate amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
Ninth amendment:
To enable the Thiul Auditor of the Treasury to settle
the accounts ol officers, now suspended,fordi^lmr>enjunts>
through the Quartermaster Geneial's depaitinent lor sup-
plies ftuuMied and stores tian&pottcd lor the three compa-
nies of volunteers called into the service ol the United
States in the Territory of KansasLm 1850, by authority of
the War Department, the sum ot $0,000, or fco'mueU thereof
as may be necessary.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. PIIKLPS. 1 propose to ampnd that amend-
ment, by increasing the sum $1,000. In some of
the distui bailees which occurred in the Territory
of Kansas, volunteers were called into the service
of the United States, by authority of the War De-
partment. "Whilst they were m the service of the
United States some quartermaster's supplies were
issued to them by the quartermaster's officers who
were stationed with the army in the Tcintory of
Kansas. These officers of the quai termaster's
department have been charged with these supplies
intrusted to their hands; and the receipts civen by
the officers of the militia who were called into the
service are not regarded as sufficient vouchers for
the accounting officers in the settlement of their
1 accounts. This amendment of the Senate author-
I lzes the settlement of tile accounts ot these quar-
j termasters, to the extent of the supplies which
they furnished to these military companies of
; volunteers, who were called into the service by
i| order of the War Department for the purpose of
!j preserving the public peace. The officers of the
;j Army of the United States believed that they were
'• discharging their duty in furnishing these sup-
| plies to the volunteers; and as the property has
'J passed out of their hands, and has been used in
;i the public service, I am willing that tiie quarter-
'! masters who furnished these supplies to the vol-
|j unteers shall be credited with the amount of the
11 property which they actually turned over to the .
volunteers whilst in the service, and which was
necessary to their comfort. That is the whole of
the Senate amendment. *
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I merely wish to
say that it is very far from certain that the Depart-
ment had any right, legally, at that time to call
volunteers into the service for any purpose to
which they were applied; but if it was legal so to
call them out, and it was likewise legal to apply,
for their benefit, any portion of the funds at the
disposal of the Quartermaster General's depart-
ment, then all these quartermasters in charge can
settle their accounts under the existing law. If
there was an illegal application of the property or
money of the United States in their charge, then
I take it that we ought not to be called upon, in
this way, to legalize the misapplication of money,
without being further instructed as to the circum-
stanccs. It was views such as these which in-
duced the Committee of Ways and Means to rec-
ommend a non-concurence in this amendment of
the Senate.
Mr. PHELPS. I withdraw my amendment;
and will let the question be taken on the Senate
amendment.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
For procuring and distributing, to the Army and militia of
the United States, Army Regulations, Military Laws, and
books of tactical instruction in the several arms of service,
$>5,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence in this amendment.
Mr. BOTELER. I offer the following as an
amendment to that amendment:
And that the sum of $400,000 is hereby appropriated in
addition to the annual sum alieady provided bv the fus>t sec-
tion ot the aet of April '23,180., tor the purchase ami dis-
tubuuon of arms lor the whole body of the militia of the
United States*, and that such aims be supplied conformably
to the lequiaitions of the ie&piictive States.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to u question of order.
That amendment is not germane to the subject-
matter of the Senate's amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
point of order is well taken. The amendment of
the Senate is for the purchase of laws and regu-
lations.
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. I offer the follow-
ing amendment:
Add to the Senate amendment the words :
Also for ptoeuiing and distributing arms and equipments
for the militia of the United States, m addition to the sum
appiopnated by the act of April 23, 1808, §400,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
amendment is not m order.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to amend the amend-
ment under consideration, by reducing the amount
§5,000. The Committee of Ways and Means rec-
ommend a non-concurrence in the amendment of
the Senate. A work upon tactics has already been
printed by Congress for the use of the infantry,
and a short time since some officers of the Army
were directed to prepare a system of tactics for the
cavalry. That system of tactics, although it has
been prepared by the officers who were engaged
upon it, and submitted to the War Department
for its examination and approval, has not yetbeen
revised and approved, or printed, and we- thought
that we could dispense with this appropriation
for the distribution of the system of military tac-
tics until the authorized publication should be made
by the Government of the United States. And
when it shall be made, and when it shall be adopted
by the War Department, and ordered to be printed,
a large edition can then be ordered, which can be
distributed to the officers of the militia of the Uni-
ted States. Under these circumstances the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means deemed it advisable
to recommend a non-concurrence in the amend-
ment of the Senate. I now withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. LONGNECKER. I offer the following
amendment at the end of line two iiundred and
sixteen:
Proiidcdj That the sum of §40,000 be appropriated to
enable the Secretary of War to puiehase ten thousand
copies each of therepoits of .Majors Delutieid and Mordecai
on the art of wai 111 Kmop;:.
The Military Committee have instructed me to
report that amendment. It is a matter of very-
great importance.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I rise to a question of
oruer on that amendment.
