1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is in |
order. '
Mr. CRAWFORD. I must appeal from that
decision of the Chair.
Mr. IJHELPS. I would inquire what law au-
thorizes the purchase of that work? If I under-
stand it correctly, the rule provides that no amend-
ment shall be in order to a general appropriation
bill, unless it be to carry out an existing law. I
ask what law directs the publication of Delafield
and Mordecai's reports. If it has not been printed
by the order of Congress, there is nothing author-
izing its publication.
The CHAIRMAN. This Government has no
authority for the publication of books, withouta
special law authorizing it; and unless the gentle-
man can show some law authorizing it, theChair
will be compelled to rule the amendment out of
order. , .
Mr. PHELPS. There is no law authorizing it.
Mr. GARTRELL. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I trust the gentle-
man will allow a vote first to be taken on this
amendment.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I hope the com-
mittee will not rise. Let us come here after the
recess, and go on with the public business, so that
we can adjourn on Monday.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to know whether
the order for the recess is peremptory. I ask that
the order may be read, so that we may know
what it is.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
he has not the order before him.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. It is peremptory.
There is no question of that. We have acted upon
that construction of it for the last week.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I wantthe order read,so
that we may judge for ourselves.
Mr. GARTRELL. I insist upon my motion
that the committee rise.
Mr. CURRY. I call for tellers on this motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Vallandig-
ham and Curtis were appointed.
The hour of half past four having arrived, un-
der the order of the House, the committee took a
recess until seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The committee reassembled at seven o'clock.
The CHAIRMAN stated the question pending
to be on concurring in the tenth amendment of
the Senate. .
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I do not desire to
present any issue upon the amendment which I
offered, and which the Chairman decided to be
out of order; hut, as several gentlemen have ex-
pressed the belief that the decision of the Chair-
man was incorrect, and the„wish that a vote be
taken upon the amendment, I propose now to
vary th^ form, so as to render the proposition
clearly in older. I move to amend at the end of
the two hundred and fifteenth line by adding the
words " and arms and equipments for the militia
of the United States;" so as to make the amend-
ment of the Senate read:
For moeuiing and distributing to the Army and militia of
the United States, Army Regulation^, Military and
books of tactical induction in tin; several arms ot s''rvlce>
and arm* and equipments for the nulitia of the United
States, $25,000.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I raise a question
of order on that amendment. The Chairman has
once decided it to be out-of order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The Chairman has
not decided this amendment to be out of order.
Mr DAVIS, of Maryland. It is the same in
substance, and is liable'to the same objection in
respect to its being m order. ,
The CHAIRMAN. It is the impression of
the Chair that, according to the usage of the
House in committee, the amendment is not m
order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Simply for the pur-
pose of settling this question, I appeal from the
decision of the Chair. _
The question was taken; and the decision of the
Chair was sustained as the judgment of the com-
mittee.
The amendment of the Senate was non-con-
curred in.
Eleventh amendment:
For the support of one regiment of Texas mounted vol-
unteers, authorized by the act approved the 7th of April,
1J59, §788,392 03.
Mr. STANTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee 011 Military Affairs to add at the end of
that amendment, as follows:
Provided, That the President shall not call out such vol-
unteers, unless, in his opinion, the exigencies of the service
shall require.
I am opposed to this whole thing; but, if it is
to be adopted, I suppose there will be no objec-
tion to this amendment going with it.
Mr. REAGAN. None whatever.
The amendment to the Senate amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. REAGAN. I have troubled the House
several times on the subject of this amendment,
and perhaps the minds of the members of the com-
mittee are already made up in reference to it. I
nevertheless beg their indulgence for one minute,
inasmuch as this is of more importance to the
people of the State which 1 have the honor in
part to represent, than all the other propositions
which have been before this Congress.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Texas submit an amendment?
Mr. REAGAN. Yes, sir; I move to increase
the amount §1,000. When this proposition was
before offered as an amendment to the Military
Academy bill, many of the members of the House,
seeing the incongruity there was in placing upon
a bill' for the support of the Military Academy at
West Point a proposition to increase in any way
the Army of the United States, voted against it
on that ground, and it was determined by the
committee of conference, which was held upon
that bill, that the Senate should recede from that
amendment on account of that incongruity, with
the understanding that it was to be placed upon
the Army bill, to which the objection could not
apply. The Senate has placed the amendment
upon this bill, reducing the amount appropriated
to about seven hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
I have so frequently stated the condition of the
people on the frontier of Texas, that it is unne-
cessary that I should do more than to say that
these Indian depredations have continued for a
series of years, and have year by year grown
worse. , ...
There is now pending in this bill a proposition
to reimburse to the State of Texas $123,000, which
that State has actually paid out in the defense of
her frontier before the meeting of the Thirty-Fifth
Congress. Large additional expenses have been
made by the State in conducting military defenses
against Indian depredations; and there is now in
the service of the State a number of men little, if
any, short of one thousand. The last Legislature
of Texas appropriated §400,000 to continue her de-
fenses. It was ascertained, after the adjournment
of the Legislature, that there was only $170,000
m the treasury available for that purpose, and the
Governor could not contract a debt excceoding
fel00,000; so that, at most, we had but <,270,000
available for that purpose; and the probability is
that at this time the entire amount appropriated
by the Legislature to protect the lives and prop-
erty of our people has been exhausted. It is pos-
sible that, if this Congress does not act efficiently,
the Gevernor of Texas may consider it his duty,
prompted by motives of humanity and patriotism,
to convene the Legislature, in older to raise ad-
ditional means to keep our forces in the field to
protect the property and lives of our citizens, ft
is probable now that the State will have to mvo ve
herself in a large debt for the protection of lite
and property upon our frontier. i
Now, there h this advantage m enabling the
President to call these troops into the field; it will
place them at once under the control of the 1' ed-
cral officers, and give them the direction of the en-
tire conduct of this matter. It will relieve Con-
ty of the
✓
cress from all question as to the propriety of the
expenditure which Texas will otherwise be 00-
I li-ed to make. The necessity of an additional
' protection is attested by the Governor of lcxns,
the military commander of that department; and
it is recommended by the Secretary of War, and
all the information we have from that quarter of
the country shows its necessity. Under the law
by which the Prcsuleutwas originally authorized
to call out these forces, he was only authorized
tocall them out in the contingency that he believed
such a course necessary for the pub ic defense,
and he was authorized to discharge them when-
ever the forces became unnecessary. I believe
that ono vigorous campaign against the Indians
will deter them from any further depredations
upon the frontiers ofTexas. I have before to-day
alluded to the inadequacy and inefficiency of-the
force now upon the frontiers, and it is not neces-
sary that I should again add my testimony and
the testimony of the present and former Govern-
ors of the State, and of the present and forme'r
military commanders of that department, run-
ning through a period of several years, as to the
necessity of an additional force.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. OLIN. I am now, as I have been before,
opposed to this proposition; and I had supposed
that after the House, upon mature deliberation,
and a careful examination of the subject, had de-
cided the question adversely to this application,
they would not again be troubled with another
application for this regiment of volunteers to de-
fend the frontier of Texas.
Everything 1 have learned since the decision of
this question by the House on a former occasion
has confirmed my opinion heretofore expressed:
that to grant this application is impolitic and
wholly unnecessary; and I believe that every in-
telligent officer in the United States service con-
nected with the Army disapproves of this appli-
cation , and condemns it. In a conversation with
one of the most intelligent officers in the service
upon the Texas frontier, and since this question
was first decided by the House, I found that his
views were wholly adverse to this application,
agreeing with my own, and, as I verily believe,
with those of every intelligent officer in the Army.
Mr. McRAE. Who is he?
Mr. CURTIS. Do not namo him.
Mr. OLIN. I will not. He said that although
I10 was ready to give me any information lie pos-
sessed, yet that the officers of the Army were not
in the habit of advising as to measures before
Congress; but that nevertheless he was willing
to communicate any facts within his knowledge.
I feel, therefore, a little delicacy about giving his
name. I would, however, do it but for some
notorious facts connected with the service in the
Army. Pie is an officer of the Army; and an
officer of the Army is in a delicate position under
this Administration whenever he. undertakes to
volunteer his opinions in reference to any matter
connected with the service. IS such opinions con-
flict with the wishes of their nominal head, it may
amount to a sentence of banishment from this
capital.
It has been said that the Secretary of War rec-
ommends this project. I have said before that he
docs not do any such thins;. By the importuni-
ties of those gentlemen who arc endeavoring to
raise this corps of volunteers, lie has at last writ-
ten a letter—very unadvisedly, in my judgment—
to gratify those, gentlemen, saying that perhaps,
under the exigencies of the case, it might be ne-
cessary to raise a regiment of volunteers for that
service.   . .
One regiment is asked for. Why, sir, during
the time this controversy has been going on, more
than two regiments which are now unemployed
might have been sent to Texas. Even now there
are six companies clown at Fort Monroe, on the
sea-coast, doing nothing in the world. They are
practicing fancy duties—exercising. Why have
they not been sent there, if any more troops were
needed? I have carefully read the communication
of the Governor ofTexas upon the subject, and
it amounts to just this: that the cavalry of the
regular service are not mounted upon horses suit-
able for that service; that such horses as are raised
and trained on the Texas frontier are alone suit-
able for that service. Cannot the Government
purchase horses 111 Texas, and mount their dra-
goons, riflemen, or cavalry upon them?
Look upon the matter in any light you choose,
and the simple question is this, and this alone:
that this legiment is urged upon Congress upon
the ground that the regular Army is not at all fit
for that service. No other ground could be urged
for a moment. The gentleman only asks for one
regiment. Why, half a dozen regiments might
have been sent there, in addition to those already
there, since this controversy has been going on.
Thiee regiments from Foit Leavenworth, and
almost an entire regiment from Fort Menroe,
mio-ht have been sent there.^Threc thousand
troops arc already employed there. There are
