M&L
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
their iron in. It is a matter of good faith, and
the question is whether contracts already entered
into m reference to existing laws shall be carried
out. It seems to me thjit there can be no earthly
objection to the amendment.
Mr. BRANCH. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from Alabama, I desire to make a single
remark in favor of his amendment. The practice
has become very common in this country for gen-
tlemen to take contracts for building long sections
of railroads. They make contracts to do the
grading, and to furnish the iron and the equip-
ments. .They make their contracts with reference
to the existing rates of duty on iron; and if the
rates shall be increased, you ruin and destroy a
large number of contractors of that sort without
any default on their part. It is a fraud practiced
upon them by the Government; and I cannot be-
lieve for one moment that this House, for the
benefit of Pennsylvania, or of any interest in this
country, will consent to practice such a fraud.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am astonished that this
amendment should be urged with so much forcc
by gentlemen upon the other side of the House.
I beg to call the attention of gentlemen to the fact
that the parties to any contract, made prior to the
passage of this act, for the introduction of railroad
iron, have until October next to bring that iron
into the country. But a clause of this kind has
always been made use of to perpetrate the most
extensive frauds upon the revenue. Under such
a clause as this, the contracts for all the railroad
iron imported into the United States for the next
three years would be ante-dated, and the iron
would be brought in under the existing rates of
duty. That would be the practical operation of
this amendment, and every gentleman who has
paid any attention to the subject knows it. I hope
the amendment will be promptly voted down; for
it would take the very vitals out of this bill, so far
as railroad iron is concerned.
Mr. Cuiirt's amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the committee
rise, and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Washburn, of Maine,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under consideration
the Union generally, and particularly House bill
No. 338, to provide for the payment of outstand-
ing Treasury notes, to authorize a loan, to regu-
late and fix the duties on imports, and for other
purposes; and had instructed him to report the
same to the House with an amendment, and with
a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand the gentleman
from Mississippi now desires to move a substi-
tute, which it is the understanding he shall have
the opportunity of doing.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I do not intend offering
as a substitute the tariff of 1846. I merely de-
sired to indicate that I preferred it to the bill which
has been reported. Now, sir, I desire to say that
the tariff of 1846 was in force for eleven years;
during which period of time every interest of the
country was prosperous. During that time the
war with Mexico was prosecuted, and brought
to a successful close; the public debt was paid,
and the revenue brought into the Treasury left
still a surplus there. With that tariff the country
was satisfied; and so far as I am concerned, in
many respects, I regard it as a better, a more
judicious, and a wiser law than that of 1857. Yet
I desire to say again, that in offering this amend-
ment in committee, I did not do it with the inten-
tion of committing myself to (he tariff of 1846,
but merely to show that I preferred it to the bill
that has now been reported to the House.
Mr. MORRILL. I wish to understand pre-
cisely what is the gentleman's intention. At his
request, the understanding was entered info that
he should have a vote upon the tariff of 184G, if
he desired it.
Mr. BARKSDALE. No, sir; I do not desire
it. I prefer that the House should vote on the bill
as it stands.
Mr. MORRILL. Then I will say further, that
it was also the understanding that a vote should
be taken between ten cents and sixteen cents a
bushel on flaxseed; and, with that understanding,
1 now call the previous question.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I wish also to
remind the gentleman that a pledge was given
that I should be allowed to have a vote upon my
amendment in reference to pottery.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order pend-
ing the call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. The question now is on
adopting the amendment.
Mr. STANTON. What amendment ?
The SPEAKER. The amendment reported
from the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union as a substitute for the bill.
Mr. MORRILL. No,sir;thatis nottheamend-
ment. The understanding distinctly was, that
there should be a vote on substituting sixteen
cents for ten cents as a duty on flaxseed.
Mr. BURNETT. The previous question has
been seconded, and the main question has been
ordered. No amendment has been offered in re-
lation to flaxseed, and no amendment now can be
offered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot recognize
any arrangement that may have been -made be-
tween gentlemen. He does not understand any
such amendment to be pending.
Mr. MORRILL. I understand that amend-
ment to be pending.
Mr. BURNETT. When the committee rose,
no report was made in reference to any amend-
ment except the substitute adopted in the Commit-
tee of the Whole. As soon as the Speaker had re-
sumed the chair, the gentleman from Vermont
took the floor and yielded to the gentleman from
Mississippi,for the purpose of moving his amend-
ment in relation to the tariff of 1846.
- Mr. MORRILL. And I also stated that there
should be a vote upon this other amendment.
Mr. BURNETT. Very well; the gentleman
from Mississippi then made some remarks, and
declined to submit, as an amendment, the tariff
of 1846. There was no other amendment offered,
there was no other amendment pending, no gen-
tleman rose to offer any amendment upon flax-
seed or any other sort of seed; but the gentleman
from Vermont, resumed the floor, and called the
previous question. The gentleman says there
was an understanding that a vote was to be had
on that amendment. Sir, there was no such un-
derstanding to which I was a party; and if any
such private agreement was made by the friends
of the bill, I care nothing about it. The amend-
ment is not now ponding, and it cannot be offered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to ask
the gentleman from Vermont whether he offered
the amendment before he called the previous ques-
tion ?
Mr. MORRILL. I stated that there should
be a vote upon it.
Mr. PHELPS. But did the gentleman offer
the amendment?
1 Mr. MORRILL. I said that there should be
a vote in the House on the tariff of 1846, and
upon the question whether the duty upon flax-
seed should be raised from ten cents a bushel to
sixteen cents?
Mr. PHELPS. If the gentleman did not him-
self submit the amendment, it is not pending, and
no vote can be taken upon it.
Mr. MORRILL. For the purpose of obviating
all difficulty, I mow to reconsider the vote by
which the main question was ordered, so that we
may carry out m good faith what we pledged
ourselves to do in committee.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question then recurred on ordering the
main question,
Mr. MORRILL. I now yield to the gentleman
from Indiana to offer his amendment.
Mr. PETTIT. I move to insert in the tenth
section of the bill these words:
On flaxseed,otherwise linseed, sixteen cent^per bushel.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I think that
we had now better let all the amendments in.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman's amend-
ment is not in order. The vote by which the pre-
vious question was ordered has been reconsidered;
but the demand for the previous question still re-
mains.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on or-
dering the main question.
The main question was not ordered.
Mr. MORRILL. I take the floor and demand
the previous question on the passage of the bill; but
withdraw that demand in order to give an op-
portunity to gentlemen to move the amendments
which have already been indicated.
Mr. CURRY. I rise to a point of order. I
addressed the Chair, and the gentleman from Ver-
mont did not address the Chair. The gentleman
from Vermont, when he was recognized, had his
back to the Chair. I appeal to the gentleman him-
self to state whether he did address the Chair when
I did.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I addressed the
Chair first, I think.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
gentleman from Vermont is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CURRY. The gentleman from Vermont
did not claim the floor. He did not address the
Chair.
Mr. MORRILL. I was upon the floor all the
time.
Mr. CURRY. The gentleman had no right to
hold the floor all Ae time. He had no right to
hold the floor when the question was being taken
on the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the main question was ordered on the bill. When
that question was disposed of, I addressed the
Chair and the gentleman did not. He had his
back to the Chair, and he did not raise his voice
to the Speaker for the floor.
The SPEAKER. Under parliamentary prac-
tice, the gentleman from Vermont, having reported
the bill, was entitled to the floor.
Mr. CURRY. Yes, if he claimed it; but he
did not claim it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
gentleman from Vermont has the floor.
Mr. CURRY. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair. I propose to show, by the gentleman
from Vermont himself, that he did not claim the
floor.
Mr. MORRILL. I have been on the floor ■
claiming it all the time.
Mr. <bURRY. Did the gentleman address the
Chair after the question was decided r
Mr. GROW. Even if it be tiue, this is no
question of order.
Mr. CURRY. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. BUFPINTON. I move that the appeal
be laid upon the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. I was recognized before the
gentleman from Massachusetts. I want to under-
stand the facts in this case. If the Chair attempts
to force the floor upon the gentleman from Ver-
mont, it would be a hardship upon him that I
would very much regret. I was looking at the
gentleman from Vermont when he was recog-
nized, and I would like the Chair to state whether
that gentleman had his face or back to the Chair
when he was recognized. [Cries of "Order!"j
I am in erder. [Cries of " Order!" from the Re-
publican benches.] I want none of your imperti-
nence. I am in order. [Loud and continued
cries of " Order !"]
Mr. MORRILL. I have the floor, and I insist
that I shall be permitted to occupy it.
Mr. HOUSTON/ I desire the Chair will an-
swer my question.
The SPEAKER. There was much confusion
in the Hall. The gentleman from Vermont was
entitled to the floor by parliamentary courtesy,
and the Chair recognized him.
Mr. ADRAIN. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. BUFPINTON. I move to lay the appeal
upon the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I yield the floor to the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Kellogg,] to offer his
amendment..
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I submit my
amendment.
Mr. BRANCH. I object to the gentteman
from Vermont yielding the floor. It can only be
done by unanimous consent, and I object.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the ap-
peal of the gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. CURRY. I withdraw it.
Mr. MORRILL. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BRANCH. Is it understood that the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois has
been submitted?
