1880.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The SPEAKER. It has not been received.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I moved it.
Mr. BRANCH. I objected to the gentleman
from Vermont yielding for that purpose, and I
persist in my objection.
Mr. MORRILL. I demand the previous ques-
tion. [Cries of" Vote!" "Vote!"]
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the sub-
stitute reported by the Committee of the Whole
on the sffcte of the Union.
Mr. MORRILL. Allowmeto say,that the first
question is on the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Pettit,] in regard
to flaxseed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to know whether
that amendment has been admitted.
Mr. MORRILL. It has been.
Mr. BURNETT. The amendment offered by
the gentleman from Indiana was' never offered
when it was in order to offer it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am on the floor, and the
fentleman from Kentucky cannot take it from me.
trust that members of the House will be always
willing to carry out whatever appears to be an un-
derstanding. itwas understood here that the gen-
tleman from Indiana should have an opportunity
to get a vote on this flaxseed matter, (I shall vote
against his amendment,) and that the gentleman
from Mississippi [Mr. Barksdale] should have
a vote on substituting the tariff of 1846. Let us
carry out that understanding.
Mr. BRANCH. I would say to the gentleman
from Ohio that that agreement, if any such agree-
ment were made—as I doubt not it was—was an
agreement among the friends of the bill. This
side of the House had no part or lot in it. We
never assented to it. It was an agreement made
by gentlemen on that side, in order to secure
friends for their bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I beg pardon. The agree-
ment was made partly with the gentleman from
Mississippi.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The only agreement I
remember was, that we should have a vote on the
tariff of 1846, as a substitute for this bill. If there
was any other agreement, I do not recollect it.
Mr. SHERMAN. And also as to the flaxseed.
It was distinctly stated.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to know what is the
question now pending ?
The SPEAKER. It is impossible for the Chair
to recognize agreements made by members. There
is nothing before the House but the amendment
reported oy the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. BRANCH. Then I call for the question.
Mr. MORRILL. I should like to make a
statement of the case. It appears that the main'
question was ordered by mistake, without these
amendments having been got in. Afterwards the
House reconsidered the vote ordering the main
question, and gave my friend from Indiana an
opportunity to offer his amendment, which he
did. Subsequently I moved the previous ques-
tion. We have yet had no^vote on that amend-
ment. I ask to have a vote on it now, and then
a vote on the substitute.
Mr. BRANCH. I rise toaquestion of privilege.
I learn that the words "sixteen cents" are inter-
lined in this bill as it came from -the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. I desire
to ask the Clerk, or whoever has authority in the
matter, to state to the House whether that inter-
lineation was justified by the action of the com-
mutes, or whether it is there by mistake?
Mr. MORRILL. In the original it was ten
cents.
Mr. BRANCH. Then how came the werds
" sixteen cents" to be interlined in the bill?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. It is not so, I
reckon.
Mr. BRANCH. Then, if it is, it is an error,
I suppose.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Undoubtedly.
What we have been disputing about for days is
the difference between ten and sixteen cents.
Mr. BRANCH. I call on the Chair to cause
the Clerk to read the interlineation.
The Clerk read, as follows: " Flaxseed, or lin-
seed, ten cents per bushel of fifty-two pounds"—
written in pencil in the margin, "sixteen cents."
The SPEAKER. Ten cents is the sum re-
ported by the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, as the Chair understands it.
Mr. PETTIT. I beg to know whether, when
the bill came from the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, it did not contain, in-
terlined, the words "sixteen cents?"
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Mr. Speaker,
I suppose that, in the original bill, the "sixteen"
may have been inserted; but afterwards, when
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] offered
his amendment to the amendment, which con-
tained the words "ten cents," that was adopted.
When the amendment was offered to change that
to " sixteen," it was voted down, and not agreed
to; and I presume that in that bill nothing of the
kind appears.
Mr. PHELPS. Then tho "ten cents" is
*kr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Yes.
Mr. BRANCH. I understand the Chairman of
the committee to say that ten cents is the correct
sum.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Certainly.
The SPEAKER. The question will be on the
amendment reported by the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. PETTIT. I ask that, carrying out in
food faith the understanding, a vote may betaken,
y yeas and nays, between the ten cents and the
sixteen cents per bushel.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to the carrying out
of any agreement that friends of this bill may have
made with each other. There is no amendment
pending. The only question is on the substitute
as reported by the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. PETTIT. In the regular order of pro-
cedure, the first vote will be whether the duty
on flaxseed shall be ten cents or sixteen cents a
bushel, and the next on the substitute.
Mr. BURNETT. If the gentlemen from Ver-
mont and Indiana will give me their attention, I
will tell them how they were led into the error.
The gentleman from Vermont did propose to yield
the floor, but the previous question had been sec-
onded, and the main question ordered. When
the gentleman from Vermont yielded the floor, the
gentleman from Indiana rose and did offer an
amendment. But at the very moment of his doing
so, I rose to a question of order, and the amend-
ment was decided not to be in order, and it was
never before the House.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The gentleman
from Kentucky has stated the occurrence with
preefse accuracy. There has been a good deal of
confusion relative to the facts; but they are ex-
actly as stated by the gentleman from Kentucky.
I desire to say, however, that there was an under-
standing that the gentleman from Indiana should
have an opportunity to have a vote on his amend-
ment put on the record; and if the gentleman from
Kentucky insists on his question of order, I shall
move to reconsider the vote ordering the main
question.
Mr. BURNETT. Let me say, in justification
of myself, that I was no party to the agreement,
and could not have been consulted in reference to
it, because I am opposed to the whole bill, and
am for weakening it as much as possible.
Mr. BRANCH. I make the point of order
that the previous question has been reconsidered
once, and cannot be reconsidered a second time.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. This motion has
never been reconsidered.
Mr. BRANCH. Then what previous question
was it that was reconsidered just now ?
The SPEAKER. One motion for the previous
question was reconsidered and voted down, and
now there is another motion for the previous ques-
tion, which it is proposed to reconsider,
Mr. BRANCH. In both instances the previ-
ous question was ordered on the passage of this
bill. It was reconsidered once, and was reor-
dered, and now it is proposed to reconsider- it
again.
"The SPEAKER. The gentleman will remem-
ber that the first motion for the previous question
was reconsidered and voted down. This is a new
motion. .
Mr. BRANCH. The motion to reconsider
was carried, and then the previous question was
renewed.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I object to debate.
Mr. BRANCH. I am stating a question ot
order to the Chair, and doingrjothing;more. The
motion to reconsider was carried by the House.
The motion for the previous question was again
made after that reconsideration, and was carried5
and it is now proposed to repeat the motion t 
reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The former motion, for the
previous question was voted down. This is a new-
motion. ~  
The question was put on the motion to reeon-*
sider, and if was agreed to.
The question recurred, "Shall the main ques-
tion be put?" and it was decided in the negative.
Mr. MORRILL then withdrew thedemand for
the previous question.
Mr. PETTIT offered his amendment, increas-
ing the duty on flaxseed to sixteen cents per
bushel.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, then offered his
amendment, in line -thirty, page 25j to strike out
" twenty-five " and insert " thirty."
The SPEAKER decided the amendment out of
order, on the ground that it was not germane to
Mr. Pettit's amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN moved the previous question
on the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; being first upon Mr.
Pettit's amendment.
Mr. PETTIT demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dunn and
Burnett were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes twenty-eight; noes not counted.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. PETTIT moved to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. GARTRELL demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Clerk nroceeded to call the roll.
Mr. PETTIT. I will, for the present, with-
draw my motion.
Mr. rHELPS. A response has been made to
the call, and the motion cannot be withdrawn.
The SPEAKER. There has been a response,
and it is too late to withdraw the motion.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 63, nays 101; as follows:
NTEAS—Messrs. Allen, Thomas L. Anderson, Ashmore,
Avery, Barksdale, Bocoek, Bonham, Branch, Bureh, Bur-
nett, John B. Clark, Clonton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cox,
Crawford, Curry, John G. Davis, De Jarneue, Edmund-
son, Garnett, Gartrell, Hardeman, John T. Harris, Hol-
man, Houston, Howard, Hughes, Jaekson,Jenkins, Kil-
gore, Kiinke], Lamar, Landrum, James M. Leach, Leake,
Logan, Love, McQueen, Miles, MHIson, Sydenham Moore,
Niblack, Pendleton, Pettir, Peyton, Pheips, Pugh, fieagan,
James C. Eobinson, Ruffin, Simms, Singleton, William
Smith, Spinner, Stallwortl), Stanton, Stevenson, Taylor,
Thorna*, Vallandigham, Woodson, and Wright—63.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
ram, Aldneh, Alley, William C.Anderson, Babbitt, Beale,
Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brayton, Bri'gs, Bristow, Biifim-
ton, Bnrnham, Butterticld,Campbell, Carev, Colfax, Conk-
ling, Covode, Curtis, II. Winter Davis, Dawes, Delano,
Duell, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Elliendge, Farns-
worth, Furry, Florence, Foster, Frank, French, Gooch,
Giow, Gurlev, Hale, Helmick, Hickman, Humphrey,
Hutehins, Ii vine, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, William
Kellogg, Kenyon, Killinger, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee,Long-
necker, Loonns, Lovejoy, Marston, MeKean, MeKnight,
McPhar>on, MtlUvaid, Montgomery, Labau T. Moore,
Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Morse, Nixon,
Ohn, Potter, Reynolds, Rice, Christopher Robinson. Royee,
Schwartz, Scranton, Sedgwick, Shciman, Somes, William
Stewart, Stout, Stratton, Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins,
'I rani, Trimble, Vandever, Veiree, Wade, Waidron, Wal-
ton, Csdwalader C. Washburn, Ellilni B. Washburne,
leiarl Washburn, Webster, Wells, Wlnteley, Windotn,
Wood, and Woodruff—101.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
During the vote,
Mr. RICE stated that his collsaguc, Mr. Ber-
lingame, had pairedwithMr.MAKTiN,of Virginia.
Mr. FRANK stated that Mr. Spaulding had
paired with Mr. Maclay; also, that Mr. Van
Wick had paired with Mr. Morris, of Illinois.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, announced that he
had paired with Mr. Steven's, of Pennsylvania.
Mr. GARNETT stated that Mr. Keitt had
paired with Mr. Palmer.
Mr. COX staled that Mr. McClernand had
paired with Mr. Burroughs.
Mr. ROBINSON, of Illinois, stated that Mr.
Morris, of Illinois, was absent on account of
sickness in his family.
Mr. PORTER stated that he had paired with
Mr. Hill.
