1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91
nothing to give this resolution precedence of the
business already pending. It is a simple resolu-
tion, and was offered at a time when another gen-
tleman held the floor. There was no tacit consent;
there was no consent either expressed or implied;
because, when his resolution was first proposed,
various members objected to it; and the gentle-
man from Ohio, under the circumstances, could
not have yielded the floor so as to have made the
resolution in order to be placed on the Journal.
Mr. HICKMAN. I wish to say a single word
in reply to the remarks of the gentleman from
Texas. As I offered the resolution, no person
can know better than myself the peculiar motive
which influenced me. Of coursc, the remarks
which he has made can have no personal appli-
cation to me; because I have never made any se-
cret anywhere of what my ultimate action would
be in reference to this question of the election of
Speaker.
I prefer the election of a sound Democrat; and
by that I mean a Democrat opposed to this Ad-
ministration—an anti-Lecompton Democrat. I
have endeavored for a week to elect such a man
—one in whom I have full confidcnce. It now,
however, appears that I shall be unable to suc-
ceed in that object. I see very distinctly that
either a friend of the Administration, or a Repub-
lican, is ultimately to be elected Speaker; and I
am frank to say that, when the contest comes
squarely before us, I have a very decided choice
between the two. I have offered this resolution
for the purpose of reaching an organization, and
for no other purpose. If the Administration party
succeeds in getting the organization, I trust I shall
submit in a becoming spirit. I shall, however,
upon the final vote, endeavor to prevent such an
organization.
That is my object. There is nothing covert
about it. 1 have nothing to conceal. T am per-
fectly willing that every man in the country should
know exactly what my feelings are in this con-
test; I have avowed clearly and distinctly, for a
considerable time, what I would ultimately do if
driven to it. I see now that wc shall be driven to
make our choice between these two parties; and I
am ready to do it. That is my object in offering
the resolution.
Now, sir, 1 am not going to enter into any ar-
gument upon the geneial question at all. I do not
wish to consume any of the time of the House,
but I do ask that the Journal of the House may
be corrected, and I ask the Clerk that the motion
I have made to amend it be put to the House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Mr. Clerk, I desire
to say a word only, not to go into the general
discussion, from which I have so far abstained,
for various reasons; but, sir, the motion of the
gentleman fiom Pennsylvania—and it is in refer-
ence to his remarks just made that I propose to
say a word or two—is certainly an unnecessary
one under his view of the subject. If the gentle-
man means to vote for the Republican nominee,
he, and those thinking with him, can do so and end
the matter without introducing a resolution of, at
least, doubtful constitutionality, for the purpose of
indirectly effecting his object. "VVe know perfectly
well, or at least I presume nobody who knows
the course of the gentleman for the last four years
ever entertained a doubt as to what his course
would be. Everybody understood that he was
playing round for the purpose of ultimately elect-
ing a Republican for Speaker.
Mr. HICKMAN. I am glad that every one
understands that I am honest.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. He should be glad
of that, for it is very doubtful whether he will find
everybody of that opinion. I did not suppose
it was necessary for me to say anything upon that
subject, and I am sorry that the gentleman should
now have thought it necessary for him to allude
to it.
But, sir, what is the fact? The Republicans,
representing a particular line of national policy,
♦ are here, of course, to organize the House in con-
formity to their views. ' The Democrats, on the
other hand, are here for th« purpose of organiz-
ing the House according to their views. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania wants to cleet a
man who is a sound Democrat, and yet he will
vote for a Republican. Who does he fool by
such a doctrine as that, and such a position ? I
would like to know. The gentleman objects to
the Pemocrats of this House, although they are
nearly ninctystrong—because,forsooth, the Dem-
ocratic party is friendly to the Administration.
Now, sir, the gentleman is a Democrat or he is
not.
And the Democratic party here are acting for
the support and advancement of themselves, as
the great national party of the country, and the
Union. They are not organizing for the purpose
of giving help and support to the Administration.
They arc here for nothing else than to perform a
high and holy duty to themselves and the coun-
try. The question is, -whether the gentleman
will refuse to cooperate with the party under these
circumstances, or attempt to excuse himself for
the treason he contemplates against the party he
claims to belong to, by talking about its being an
Administration Democracy. I want the gentle-
man to be understood as a Black Republican, if
he goes with that party, and that he assumes the
name of a Democrat for the purpose of mislead-
ing and hood-winking possibly some people hei*e
or elsewhere in the country. He has not a Dem-
ocratic sentiment in his heart. He would not act
with the Democratic party this day, if Mr. Bocock
were to rise in his place and say that he was op-
posed to the Administration. Would you, sir?
Mr. HICKMAN. I will reply to the gentle-
man. I state very distinctly an5 unequivocally
"that I would not; for which decision I have very
many reasons, entirely sufficient for myself. I
would not do it, because I know that Mr. Bocock
has sustained the Administration in everything
it has done, and I am not a believer in eleventh-
hour repentance [Applause and laughter.]
That is one reason why 1 would not do it. As
to the charge of my being a Black Republican,
that is a question for me to decide, and not for the
gentleman from Virginia. I shall continue to re-
gard myself as a Democrat, until I lind that the
Democratic party, in the region of country where
I belong, have the moral or the physical force to
exclude me from it. 1 think that I stand by the
cardinal doctrines of the Democratic party. I
think that I have always done so. That is my
answer to that charge. I repudiate and condemn
the sentiments entertained by this Administiation
and its followers. If they are Democratic, then
1 am no Democrat. The question which the gen-
tleman from Virginia has undertaken to decide,
is a question that will not be dccided by that
gentleman, nor by the Virginia delegation. It is
a question that will be decided by the country,
as to who embody the Democratic sentiments—
whether James Buchanan, or those who have
hold to the Cincinnati platform in its integrity and
entirety.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. When the gentle-
man was up before, he. avowed his anxiety to get
some Democrat that he could support. He could
not go for Mr. Bocock, the Democratic nominee,
because he was an Administration man. Now
he meant something or nothing; he was acting
like a man of candor, or like one who was at-
tempting to draw a vail over the eyes of others.
I know, sir, what the gentleman has stated. Ilis
object is avowed and unreserved. He said that
he wanted to go for a Democrat: that he has been
hunting round, if possible, to get a Democrat who
way not an Administration Democrat. I put the
question to him with a view to test him: Would
he vote for the Democratic nominee if he were to
rise in his place and say that he was opposed to
this Administration ? lie says that he would not.
Thus he stands convicted before this House with
having sought to put false pretenses upon this
body. When he said that he wanted a Democrat,
if lie could get one, who was not an Administra-
tion Democrat, we had a right to suppose that ho
really meant what he uttered. Sir, tlie gentleman
deceives nobody but himself if he imagines that
any of us were "in expectation that any Democrat
could receive his support.
The gentleman says, whether or not he is a
Black Republican is for himself and not me to de-
cide. I am amazed that a veteran politician like
himself should undertake to assume such a posi-
tion. '"Man, know thyself," is one of the most
difficult lessons to be learned. I, and every other
observer of men, have a right to judge what men
are by their affiliations and principles and con-
duct. How am I to judge whether a man is a
Democrat or a tiepubhean, except by his actions?
We judge the tree by its fruit. A man is not to
judge himself, but those who have observed his
course are the men to classify him. And, sir,
with the blackest of the Black Republicans X class
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. I class him
in that category because of the course he has pur-
sued in this flail, not only on this butoripaist
occasions.
Mr. Clerk, there is one additional remark in
which I will indulge at this moment. There are
fcntlemen sincerely and cordially opposed to;the
)emocratic party upon the Kansas policy of the
Administration and of that party, it may be mis-
takenly, but undoubtedly honestly opposed to it.
Some of them are here acting with the Democratic
party, and some are not cooperating with it. Let
mc say a word to them. If they are Democrats—
and I am happy to believe that they mean what
they say—I ask them, sinco that Kansas question
has passed away, and is no longer a living issue,
why they should plant themselves upon points of
difference on that single question? I put it to my
honorable friend from New York, [Mr. Clark,]
who I understand only differs from the Demo-
cratic party on that one question,'whether, when
that question is buried and belongs to the history
of the past; when it belongs to the past and can-
not obtrude itself upon us in the future; I ask
him if lie be patriotic, hating, as he may, the head
of the executive Government, why it is that, look-
ing to the Democratic party representing the great
Democratic family in all parts of the country, and
upholding its honorable,high-toned, and sanctified
principles, he cannot let the past be swept into
oblivion, and act here in glorious fellowship to
save this Union and the country from the most
infernal and damnable principles that ever shook
an empire. [Applause and laughter.]
Air. CLARK, of New York. Will the gentle-
man from Virginia permit mc to ask him aqucstion
upon a point upon which ho is as well qualified
as any other man in the House to give mc in-
struction5 It is this: whether the Democratic
organization is the test of Democracy?
Mr. SMITH, of Viiginia. The principles of
that party arc the test of Democracy. That is it.
Air. CLARK, of New York. That does not
answer my question. Is the organization of the
party the tost of Democracy?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. As a general rule,
the organization of every party is to carry out
the principles of that party; ana those who act in
cooperation in support of the principles of the
Democratic party, of course, are Democrats, in
that principle or view to which I have referred.
I can very well understand, as I stated upon this
floor upon a former occasion, that a man may not
be within tlie organization and yet be a Demo-
crat. Is that the point to which the gentleman
alludes?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Not precisely.
1 would ask what excuse a man can make who,
elected against organizations, and without entire
sympathy with any, votes with an organization
which is antagonistic to his political principles?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I can well under-
stand that a man may be elected in a district
against the organization of his district, and yet
be as good a Democrat as any that lives. A va-
riety of circumstances may cause a division in a
particular district; of which wc have instances
upon this floor. But is that gentleman, because he
happens to overthrow the organization m his dis-
trict professing to be Democratic, to come here
and refuse to carry out those principles which are
held by the party to which he belongs?
Air. CLARK," of New York. I am bound to
represent the sentiment of my district, and that
sentiment is, I think, opposed to the prevailing
opinions of the several political organizations
which this day prevail throughout the Union.
Air. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, then, I ask
the gentleman this question: Is lie the Represent-
ative of a Republican or a Democratic organiza-
tion, or opposed to both?
Air. CLARK, of New York. Opposed to all.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then, sir, he is an
Ishmaelitc upon this floor. [Laughter.] He is
an Ishmaelite, and stands up here against this
party and that; but ho is not here against his
country, he is not here against the Constitution,
he is not here against the Union.
Air. CLARK, of New York. No, sir; not
against the Union.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Very well, then;
which party maintains the principles of the Con-
