2056
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
Mr. SCOTT stated that he should have voted
to lay the bill on the table but for the fa.ct that ho
had paired with Mr. Q,uarles.
Mr. BRANCH stated that Mr. Vancij had
paired with Mr. Dunn.
Mr. THEAKER said he had paired with Mr.
Davidson.
Mr. PERRY said, as there seemed to be some
difficulty in relation to the pair he had suggested
this morning, he should withdraw his vote.
Mr. CRAWFORD said that his colleague, Mr.
Jones, had paired with Mr. Carter.
The vote was then announced, as above re-
corded. ,
The question then recurrcd on the adoption of
the substitute reported from the Committee of the
"Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STANTON called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was adopted.
The bill as amended was then ordered to be en-
grossedand read a third time ;and. being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. MORRILL demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. HOUSTON cailcd for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 105, nays 64; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams. Green Adams, Ad-
rain, Aldricli, Alley, William C. Anderson, Asliley, Bab-
. bitt, Beak:, Bingham, P.lair, Blake, Brayton, iiriggs, l!i is-
tow, Butfinton, Burnham, Butterfield, Campbell, Carey,
Case, Collax, Conkling,Covode., H. Winter Davis, Dawes,
Delano, Duell, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Ethoridgc,
Farnswortll, Fenton, Ferry, Florence, Foster, Frank,
French, Gooch, Grow, Gurlcy, Hale, llelmick, Ilickman,
Hoard, Humphrey, Hutehlns, Irvine, Junkm, Francis W.
Kellogg, William Kellogg, ltonyon, Killitiger, DeWitt C.
Leach, Lee, Longncckcr, Loonus, Loveioy, Marxton, Mc-
liean,MeKmght, Millwaid, Montgomery, Lahun T. Moore,
Moorbead, Morrill, Edwaid Joy Moms, Morse, Ni\on,
Olin, Potter. Reynolds, Kice, Itiggs, Christopher Robinson,
Rovce, Schwartz, Scranton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Somes,
William Stewart, Stratton, Tappan, '1 haver, Tompkins,
Tram, Trimble, Vandever, Vorree, Wade, Waldion, Wal-
ton, Cadwalndor C. Washburn, Ellihu Ji. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Webster, Wells, Wliiteiey, Windnm,
Wood, and Woodruff—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Thomas L. Anderson, Aslimore,
Avery, Ilarksdale, Bocock, lionham, Bianeh, Ituteh, Bur
nett, John li. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cow
Ciawt'oid, Curry, John <!. Davis, Do Jarnette, Bdmund-
son, Garnett.Gaitrcll. Haidenian, JohnT. Jlairis, dolman,
Houston, Howard, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Kunkel,
Lamar, Landium, James iM. Leach, Leake, Logan, Love,
Charles D. Martin, McQueen. Miles, Millson, Svd
Mooie, Niblack, Pettit, Peyton, Phelps, Push," Keaian,
James C. Robinson, llurtin, Simms, Singleton, William
Smith, William N. II. Smith, Spumei, Slallwoiib, Htan-
ton, Stevenson, Taylor, Thomas, Underwood, Vallandig-
ham, Woodson, and Wnght—04.
So the bill was passed.
During: the vote,
Mr. PENDLETON stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Boteler, who would have voted for
the bill. He [Mr. Pendleton] would have voted
against it.
Mr. BURNETT stated that Mr. Craig, of
Missouri, had paired off with Mr. Stevens, of
Pennsylvania.
Mr. BRANCH said Mr. Kilgore had paired
with Mr. Maynard.
Mr. SHERMAN announced that Mr. Curtis
had paired with Mr. Barrett.
Mr. DUNN said lie had paired with Mr.
Vance, otherwise he would have voted for the
bill.
Mr. LONGNECKER. Some time ago,unon
amotion made by the gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Morrill] to suspend the rules, to enable
him to introduce this bill, I had paired with Mr.
Harris, of Virginia. If I had been present, and
not paired, I should have voted for a suspension
of the rules. Mr. Harris, as he informed mc,
would have voted against it.
Mr. PERRY stated that, but for the fact that
he was paired off, he should vote for the bill.
Mr. PORTER said he had paired with Mr. Hill.
Mr. THEAKER omitted to announce that he
should have voted in the affirmative, but for the
fact that he was paired with Mr. Davidson.
Mr. DUNN announced that Mr. Wilson had
paired with Mr. Pryor.
Mr. WEBSTER said his colleague, Mr. Har-
ris, of Maryland, who was in favor of the bill
had paired with Mr. Rust. '
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I desire to corrob-
orate the statement made by The gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Longnecker,] that, upon
the motion of the gentleman from Vermont, on
the 12th of March last, to suspend the rules for
the purpose of introducing a tariff bill, he was
kind enough to pair with me; I having been called
home by sickness in my family.
I desire further to state that I regard the exist-
ing tariff law as insufficient to meet the expenses
of the Government. I think that it was a misfor-
tune to the country when the tariff of 1846 was re-
pealed; but not concurring in many of the features
of this bill, I vote "no."
The vote was then announced, as above recorded.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. BUFFINTON,
(at six o'clock and forty-five minutes, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 11, I860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Di, Gcrley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THOMAS C. WARE.
Mr. WADE. I move now to take 'up House
joint resolution No. 15, that was left as the un-
finished business of the morning hour yesterday.
That case is a very meritorious one. The party
is waiting here, and I wish the Senate would
take it up and dispose of it. Iam sure it cannot
take five minutes to discuss it. There is only
one objection to the claim, that the Senator from
Georgia can state in a few moments, and then I
am willing to rest it with the Senate without ar-
gument. I am perfectly sure that they willncver
let a man go unpaid oil the technicality that is
urged against this claim; and I am willing to trust
it to the Senate without argument in its behalf.
Mr. IVERSON. That is the case which was
up yesterday, I suppose.
Mr. WADE. Yrs, sir.
Mr. IVERSON. I have been requested by the
Senator from Delaware, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, [Mr. Bayard,] who is
necessarily absent, having gone home on special ,
business, as I understand, to object to the consul- i
eration of that joint resolution when it should be
brought up. lie desires to give his views to the
Senate on (he subject; and 1 think it woultl be
rather ungenerous'to him to take it up, out of its
order on the Calendar, in his absence.
Mr. WADE. I hardly think that is a fairway
of dealing with a man's case. The Senator from
Delaware may have gone home; but is that any
reason for objecting to the consideration of this
joint resolution? The Senator from Georgia made
the principal objection; ami he certainly stated it
as ably as the Senator from Delaware coukl do.
It is a very easy matter for a Senator to leave here;
but it is a hard matter for a gentleman, who is
waiting for the decision of his case, to be post-
poned from week to week, or month to month, in
consequence of that. I know, and everybody
knows, that the only objection to this claim which
can be urged, can be slated in a single moment;
and it is a technical objection to a claim exceed-
ingly meritorious. As against an individual, I
venture to say the claim would be allowed in any
court of justice m the country, notwithstanding
the technicality urged against it. Nor do I be-
lieve that there is a Senator here who would per-
mit a man to go unrewarded for services as mer-
itorious as these, if any such objection os that
coukl prevail. I hope this reason will not be
deemed sufficient for a postponement. I do not
know when Senators will be here. As I said, I
am willing to forego all argument about the case,
for I want to have it decided. It is better for the
party that it should be decided against him, than
that he should be delayed here from month to
month.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved and
seconded that the Senate take up for considera-
tion the joint resolution for the relief of Thomas
C. Ware.
Mr. IVERSON. I objected to this claim yes-
terday,and I am not satisfied that itis ajustclaim
which ought to be allowed. I shall vote against
it unless I can be satisfied, on further examination
and investigation, that I am mistaken. I have not
investigated the correspondence and testimony in
thecase, because, until yesterday, I did not know
anything about the claim, and had never heard of
it, and certainly since then I have had no oppor-
tunity to do so. But the Senator from Delaware,
who is the chairman of the committee from which
the resolution was reported, informs me that there
was some testimony, and perhaps a.good deal of
correspondence between the Departments here
and this party; and that he desired to Resent a
resume of the whole case to the Senate. He is
the. chairman of the Judiciary Committee,.and in-
formed mc that, when the case was first considered
in committee, they decided against it, but subse-
quently reconsidered that action, and came to tho
conclusion to report the resolution at a time when
he was not present. So he told me.
Mr. GREEN. That is a mistake.
Mr. PUGII. If there was any mystery about
the case, or any important question involved, or
anything which the Senator from Delaware could
tell the Senate mote than the Senator from Geor-
gia, I would not press it; but it is a small claim;
it is a meritorious claim; it has been delayed a
long while; it was unanimously reported by the
House Committee on tho Judiciary; it passed the
House unanimously; ithas been thoroughly con-
sidered in the Committee on the Judiciary of tho
Senate; and now I do not see why one Senator,
who goes away for an indefinite time, should ask
the Senate to postpone the consideration of a pri-
vate bill, involving about a thousand or twelve
hundred dollars at the utmost,for his convenience.
There is but one point in the case, and that the
Senator from Georgia himself stated yesterday.
This gentleman was told by the district attorney
that he had authority to employ him as counsel;
it turned out Chat the district attorney had not.
He simply took the word of a brother lawyer; he
did not require him to produce the written paper
to show his authority. He went on, rendered the
services, expended his time and labor, rendered
valuable services to the Government; and the
other counsel, Mr. Stanbery, testifies that but for
the services of Mr. Ware, which he supposed to
be rendered under a contract, he would have
charged the Government far more than he did.
We have received this gentleman's services; and
because ho, instead of taking the word of the dis-
trict attorney, did not require his authority to bo
produced in writing, gentlemen say he ought not
to be paid. The district attorney is dead; he is
not here to explain it; we have no method of ex-
planation. I know that Mr. Ware rendered these
services, for I was at one time one of the counsel
in that case myself, though not at the last trial.
It seems to me shabby—that is the plain English
of it—for the Government of the United States to
receive a man's serviccsfora peiiod of more than
twelve months, involving his time and his pro-
fessional ability, and then, because he did not in-
sist on a brother lawyer's producing his authority
m writing, to say that he ought not to be paid.
When it was first before the committee, I was
confined to my house by illness; and upon a brief
statement of the case by the chairman, the com-
mittee rejected it. That action was reconsidered,
and the chairman found himself alone, on a full
consideration of the case. Here is a unanimous
House committcc, and nearly all of the Senate
committee, in favor of it. Mycolleague suggests,
properly, that against an individual there'would
be no doubt of his right to recover. Why should
the Government stand ajrainst such a case '
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to take up the joint resolution for con-
sideration .
Mr. IVERSON. I do not propose to go into
an argument on the merits of the claim itself,
which the gentlemen on the other side seem to
have indulged in. I do not think it altogether ap-
propriate to do so on amotion to take up the joint
resolution. I object to taking it up in the absence
of the Senator from Delaware, the chairman of
the committee that reported it. He stated to me
yesterday that he desired to be present when it
was considered; and he desired to express his
views, and thought he could satisfy the Senate that
it ought not to pass. In his absence, (he having
necessarily gone home,) is it fair to take up the
proposition, when there is no necessity for pass-
ing it now? This is a House bill, and therefore
