1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S001
we have sent them. The fortification hill is, under
the practice of the Government, a separate and
distinct appropriation bill. It is a bill which,
under the Constitution, can only be properly
originated m this House, apd if we recognize a
scheme to incorporate what is a proper and legiti-
mate subject of a separate appropriation bill into
one of the other appropriation bills,wepractically
surrender the right to originate appropriation bills.
We therefore meet this thing on the threshold
and say that we ought not to consider a fortifica-
tion bill which has beon injected into an Army
appropriation bill. We hope, therefore, that the
House will rejcct these amendments altogether,
and let us stand on the fortification bill which we
have passed, and not embarrass this general ap-
propriation bill with this measure.
' Mr. ELIOT. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. If the House will
let us have a vote upon this amendment, I shall
be very glad; if not, I must move that the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. McRAE. I hope I shall be allowed to say
a word or two upon this question, although I am
very certain that nothing I can say will influence
the judgment of this House. I move to increase
the sum appropriated in the amendment §2,000.
I wish to say that there arc but two questions in-
volved now in the action of the House upon this
amendment. The action of the Semite on the
amendment which they have made was based
upon estimates from the engineer department,
under whose supervision these fortifications pe-
culiarly are. The action of the House is based
simply on the estimates of the Secretary of War,
who only takes in a portion of the fortifications,
and he takes them in with a view simply to ap-
propriating such an amount as will keep them in
a state of preservation and repair. The estimates
on which the Senate has acted arc from the bureau
having charge of the works, and arc estimates
which are absolutely essential to carry on the
military fortification of the country. And the
only question for the House to determine is,
whether they have come to the conclusion that
they arc willing to arrest all these fortifications,
and stop them where they are, by merely putting
them in a state of preservation, or are they will-
ing to make appropriations by which the works
can progress and be completed.
I agree entirely with the gentleman fromDela-
ware in the position which he takes, that true
economy requires that we shall make appropria-
tions for all fortifications, not only to put them in
a statu of preservation and kocp them in repair,
but to make such appropriations as are absolutely
necessary to bring them into a state of comple-
tion. That is the whole point involved between
the action of the Senate and the action of the
House on this subject. Now, this House, when
the question was before it, deliberately made up
its opinion that it would suspend all work on for-
tifications. I do not know upon what ground that
opinion was made up. i do not know that it was
made up upon the ground that the majority be-
lieved that fortifications weie not neccssary, and
that they should not now, or at any future time,
be completed, but should be put in a situation to
stand preserved in ease a necessity should exist
for their completion. I do not know if that was
the reason which influenced the House, or if it
was because they thought the Treasury was too
much depleted at this time to appropriate money
to carry on these fortifications. That may have
been the renson which influenced the action of the
House. I think myself that, as these fortifica-
tions are begun, and as there is a necessity that
they shall be completed, true economy requires
that the House shall reverse; its action, and agree
to the amendment of the Senate. This was the
only point which f wished to make in connection
with the question. If a majority of the House
arc determined to stand by the position which
they took two days ayoupon the House bill, and
to the amounts which they then determined were,
necessary for continuing and completing these
fortifications, they will, of course, non-concur m
these amendments.
Mr. BONHAM. I oppose the amendment of
the honorable gentleman; and I propose to say u
word upon it." 1 cannot understand the reasons
by which the honorable member of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs arrives at his conclusions;
but I do concur with him m his conclusions as to
the proper course for the House to pursue in re-
lation to these amendments. I think the only
question for the House to decide is, whether the
House will adhere to the decision to which it came
upon a deliberate consideration of the whole ques-
tion. The Senate have increased the appropria-
tions for those fortifications, I believe, to the ex-
tent of about four hundred thousand dollars. I
hope the House will adhere to its own bill.
The amendment to the amendment was disa-
greed to.
The amendments of the Senate were non-con-
curred in.
Forty-seventh amendment:
Sec. 4. Jlndbc it further enacted, That the allowance of
sugar and coffee to the non-commissioned officers, musi-
cians, and privates of tiie Army, as lixed by the seventeenth
section of the a<rt of the 5th of July, 1838, shall hereafter be
ten pound.-? of coffee, and fifteen pounds of sugar to every
one hundred rations.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Forty-eighth amendment:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That every person not
subject to the rules and articles of war whp shall procure
or entice a soldier in the service of the United States to
desert, or who shall harbor, conceal, or give employment to
a deseitur, or carry lum away, oraid m carryinghim away,
knowing him to bo such, or who shall purchase from any
soldier his arms, equipments, uniform, clothing, or any part
thereof, and any captain or commanding officer of any ship
or vessel, cariying away any such soldier, as one of his
crew orotheiwise, knowing him to have deserted, or shall
refuse to deliver him up to the oidci->ofius commanding
officer, shall, upon legal conviction, be fined, at the discre-
tion of any court having cognizancc of the same, in any
sum not exceeding $500, and be imprisoned not exceeding
two years.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. CURTIS. The Committee on Military
Affairs have had this subject under consideration
as a separate bill, and, with some amendments,
they were of the opinion that the provision ought
to be passed; but to insert in an appropriation
bill an important provision of criminal law, is an
anomaly in our legislation.
Mr. PHELPS. It is certainly a provision that
ought not to be in this bill.
Mr. CURTIS. The provision in itself is right,
with some modifications, which the Committee
on Military Affairs have adopted; but it ought
not to be placed in this bill. I hope the amend-
ment will be non-concurred in; and I give notice
that, if it shall be, I will call up the bill for that
purpose, as an independent bill, at an early day.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend non-concurrence
in this amendment, on the ground that it is a
penal provision of very great importance, which
they think, at this pcriod^Df the session, there is
no time to give that consideration which a due
regard to sate legislation would require; and I
trust that the Ilouse will non-concur on this
ground alone, without reference to its merits, as
a matter of independent legislation.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Forty-ninth amendment:
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
War be, and he is heicby, authonzed and directed, out
ol any money in the Treasury not otliei wise appiopnated,
to pay to the State of Iowa <neh sum-; of mon >y as were
paid by that State to troops called out by the Governoi of
Iowa in 1857, 1858, and to protect 'the frontier from
Indian inclusions ; Provided, The Secretary shall be satis-
fied that there w«is a necessity tor cailuigout the«e troops ;
that the amounts have been actually paid by the State;
that no greater pay or allowance be given than was re-
ceived by otricois and soldiers of equal grade at that period
m the United State* Armv ; and that ttie amount so to he
paid shall not exceed the bam of §18,988 84.
Mr. STANTON. 1 move to amend by adding
what I now ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
That the .sum of .$400,000, 01 much thereof as fhall
be nocewiry, be, and the same is hereby, appiopriated,out
of any money m the Tieasury not otherwise appropriated,
to deiray the expenses incurred by the State o{ California
in the Mippn's-non of Indian hostilities theiein, in the > ears
18.V>, 1S5G, J.808, and 1^59; and that the Third Aud-
itor of the Treasury be, and he. iieiebv is, authorized and
requued to audit the accounts oi the ><wd .State of Califor-
nia tor payment* for the service* of volunteers, and tor
supplies, transportation, personal >eirices, &c., furns>hed j
or rendered to tatd volunteeis in the ^hustei expedition ot
1854 ; m the   expedition of lb55 ; in the Klamatle ,
and Humboldt expedition ot 1855 ; in tiie San Hernaidino j
expedition ot lb.V>; in the Klamatle expedition of 1856; in I
the Modoe expedition of 1855 ; in theTuluse expedition of ;
1856; in the Klamatle and Humboldt expedition of 1858 and ;
1859, and m the Titt river expedition of 1859: Provided, j
that 110 higher rate shall be allowed or paid for the ser- j
vices of said volunteers, than was paid for services in the
same grade and for the same time, ia the United States
Army serving in California; nor shall payment be niade for
the services of any such' volunteers, except for the time
during which they shall be shown, by. satisfactory evidence,
to have been engaged in actual service in the field; Jind
provided further, That no allowance shall be made for the
services of any person in more than one capacity for the
same time; and in auditing the said claims for supplies,
transportation, personal services, &c., the same shall be
computed at prices corresponding, as near as can be ascer-
tained, to the rates paid for similar supplies, transportation,
&c., furnished or rendered to the United States Army'in
the same country, at the same time; and the Third Aad-
itor, as to all principles not expressly settled by this act,
shall be governed, in auditing and settling said claims, by
the principles adopted in his report, upon the claims of the
Teiritories of Washington and Oregon, of the 7th of Feb-
ruary, I860, made in pursuance of a resolution of the House
of Representatives, passed the 8th of February, 1859: Pro-
vided, That he be, and hereby is, authorized and directed,
whenever, in his opinion, the evidence in support of any
claim for ycrviccs, supplies, transportation, or otherwise, is
not sufficient to establish such chum, or where he may
have doubts as to the genuineness thereof, to require addi-
tional and satisfactory proof touching such claim, or the
value of the services rendered or supplies furnished, before
reporting such claim for settlement and payment as herein
directed: Jlnd provided further, That no payment shall be
made for the expenses of any expedition hereinbefore men-
tioned, if the Secretary of War shall be of opinion that there
was not a necessity lor calling out said troops.
Mr. DAYIS, of Maryland. I raise a point of
order. The amendment is not in order.
Mr. STANTON. If it is not in order, it affords
a very fair illustration of the manner in which we
discharge our duties here. The amendment I pro-
pose is precisely of the same character as tl\atto
which it is offered, which is to pay the amount
of money expended by the State of Iowa; and if
it be in order for the Senate to propose an amend-
ment to reimburse the expense incurred by the
State of Iowa in defending herself against Indian
hostilities, it ought to be m order for us to move
to pay the expenses incurred by the State of Cal-
ifornia for the same purpose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Docsthe gen-
tleman from Ohio himself think it is in order?
Mr. STANTON. I guess so. [Laughter.] It
would not be in order as an amendment to the
Army hill; hut would it not be in order as an
amendment to the Senate amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The Senate amendment
is regarded as a part of the bill; and the Chair is
of opinion that the amendment would not be m
order as an amendment to the Senate amendment
any more than it would be to the original bill.
Mr. BURCH. I desire to say one word in re-
gard to this propositions in order that the action
liad thereon this evening may not prejudice the
claim at any future time when it may come up for
consideration. It has not been attempted to in-
ject this claim of the State of California into an-
other bill, in order that it might be carried through
on merits not its own. It would have been in the
Army bill originally, and before it passed this
House, had not 'the original documents and
vouchers upon which the claim is based been
required by the Military Committee. These doc-
uments have but recently arrived, in the charge
of General Kibbe, of California. On my espe-
cial request, they have been examined by said
committee and found to be correct, and the claim-
eminently just and proper to be paid by the Gen-
eral Government. I,sir, know, of my own knowl-
edge, that the State has paid in cash a greater
amount than has been allowed by the committee
for certain of these expeditions. I know the great
necessity which existed for these expeditions, to
protect the lives and property of citizens of our
State. The proposition is, in itself, of sufficient
merit to carry it through Congress, without the
aid of other meritorious claims.
I have thought it best to make this statement,
for fear of prejudice arising from the action to-
night, since the amendment lias been decided to
be"out of order. Our citizens, having l©ngwaited
fortius outlay, are impatient for their reimburse-
ment. I shall endeavor to call the matter up
ngam at an early day; and I hope then the mat-
ter will be fully understood and this House ready
to take action thereon, and to pay to the State of
California and to her citizens the money to which
they are justly entitled.
I thank the House forthe courtesy extended to
me to make these few remarks in justification of
the action of the committee in proposing this
amendment to the Army bill.
The CHAIRMAN. This debate is out of
order.
