18G0.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1118
Mr. BOCOCK. I would like to know of the i
gentleman from North Carolina, if he makes this |
interference m behalf of the gentleman from New
York? If so, I want to know if the gentleman
from Now York finds it necessary now to reply-
to his own letters? [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I would like to
hear repeated the exceedingly sapient remark of
my honorable colleague, [Mr. Carter,'] the Ulys-
ses of the House, [laughter,] that was addressed
to me a moment ago. I did. not know that I had
made any remark of the import which he seems
to have understood me to have made. Will he
explain himself?
Mr. CARTER. I so understood the gentle-
man.
The SPEAKER. The resolution must be read;
and no debate is m order.
Mr. MILES. I object to the reading. We are
wasting the time of the country in listening to this
miserable clap-trap and demagoguism. I object
to it.
The SPEAKER. The resolution must be read.
The reading was continued; but was again in-
terrupted by
Mr. SICKLES, who said: Is it in order to move
to suspend the reading of that resolution ? I sup-
pose it is, and I make such a motion, for one reason
only, and that is, that these attempts to agitate the
que_stion of the reception of the seventh regiment
here are exceedingly offensive to that whole body
of gentlemen, who have so expressed themselves
repeatedly; and no greater insult could be put
upon them than to attempt to make them respons-
ible for statements of this kind.
Mr. ADRAIN. I will state that the colonel of
the regiment has written a letter to a member of this
House, expressinghis regret that any censure has
been cast on the committee.
Mr. BRANCH. Then I would like to know
how the gentleman from New York [Mr. Carter]
got possession of the letters of his colleague to the
colonel of that regiment, which have been read
here.
Mr. SICKLES. I move to suspend the further
reading of the paper. Is that motion in order?
Mr. JOHx\ COCHRANE. Will my friend
and colleague yield to me for one moment5
Mr. SICKLES. Certainly.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Sir, the reading of
that resolution is offensive to common sense, to f
decency; it is offensive to myself. But, sir, so
far as I am concerned, I hope that it may be per-
mitted to be read, as far as the dignity of this
House will permit. But, sir, if it shall be read,
and the time shall come when it may be debated,
there will be a time when that gentleman, [point-
ing to Mr. Carter,] my colleague, will wish that
he had never introduced the resolution.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. SICKLES. I insist on my motion.
Mr. GR.OW: My point of order is, that while
a motion to suspend the rules is pending, no dc- ;
bate is in order; and if we are to do anything, I
hope the rules will be enforced I want my ob- :
jection to stand. j
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order. j
Mr. SICKLES. I believe my motion is in :
order. It is, to suspend the further reading of the ;
paper; and I only desire to add, that the seventh j
regiment are satisfied with the distinguished re- i
ception which they met with here. ^These per- |
sons came here, and were received with consid- j
oration; and they are distressed that they should ]
have been made the subject of such comment m !
the House. They were received by the Presi-
dent of the United States; they were invited to
occupy seats in the galleries of this House, and
a calit.-ry was set apart for the purpose. They
Wfre well satisfied with their reception. [Cries
ofk' Order!"] I insist upon my motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will vote for the motion of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Sickle?,]
and 1 desire to ask the yeas and nays upon it, for
the reason that it is a fraud upon the rules of the
House to insist upon the reading of that resolu-
tion. I admit that whenever a paper is sent up
upon which the House is to act, it is the ri^ht of
anv member to have it read; but when the House
becomes satisfied that it is a speech, sought to be
intioducd m the shape of a resolution, for the
pui p<we of getting it in the Globe, it then becomes
a fraud upon the rules of the House, and it is our
right to decide that it shall not be read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will receive the
motion of the gentleman from New York to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose of dispensing with
the further reading of the resolution.
Mr. CARTER. Is that motion in order after
the reading of the resolution had commenced?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the mo-
tion is in order, and that no debate is in order
upon it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire simply to say this
 [Shouts of" Order!"] •
The SPEAKER. The Chair decidcs that the
motion of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Sickles] is in order, and repeats that no debate
is in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. "Well, Mr. Speaker, [shouts
of "Order!"] I rose to make a motion, and 1
think I have that right.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the motion of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Sickles,] and I do it because I want to see
who will sustain the publication of such fraud-
ulent and slanderous statements as these. [" Or-
der!" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair calls the gentle-
man from Alabama to order. No debate is in
order.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. CARTER. I desire to say that there is
nothing in this preamble and resolution which is
intended as offensive. [Calls to order.]
Mr. MILLSON. I submit the question of
order, that the motion of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Sickles] is out of order, for reason^
which, with the permission of the Chair, I will
state.
Mr. SICKLES. I submit that it is too late
for the gentleman from Virginia to raise that ques-
tion of order. The Speaker has decide^ the mo-
tion to be in order.
Mr. HINDMAN. It is certainly too late. The
Speaker has decided the question, and the gentle-
man from Virginia is out of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is in order, and will state his question of
order
Mr. MILLSON. It is a very great mistake to
suppose that any gentleman, by moving to sus-
pend the rules, can place upon the Journal of the
House any matter lie may see fit to incorporate
in his resolution; or that he may insist upon the
House listening to any resolution, however wrong,
however offensive, or however trivial, that he may
see proper to submit. The rule is plain; it does
not require the tedious and difficult process sug-
gested by the gentleman from New York on my
left, [Mr. Sickles.] It will be found laid down
in Jefferson's Manual that although, ordinarily,
any member may call for the reading of any paper
upon which he is required to vote, yet, if the read-
ing be objected to, the Speaker must then put the
question to the House, " Shall the proposition be
read r" By asimple majority, the House may order
, the proposition to be read, and, by a simple ma-
i jority, they may reject the proposition that it shall
j be read
' The rule is distinctly laid down in Jefferson's
1 Manual, on page 93. I will ask my friend from
| Ohio to read it.
j Mr. PENDLETON read, as follows:
! <'?ec. 3-2. Reading Papers.—Where papers are laid be-
! fore the House or referred to a committee, every member
• has a right to have thorn once read at the table before he
can be compelled to vote on them ; but it j  acreat though
! common error to suppose that he ha-? a right, toties quotics,
! to have acts, journals, aceoimt*. or papers on the table,
' read independently of the will of tbc House. The delay
and mtemiption which tins misrht be made to produce,
i evince'the impossibility of the existence of such aright.
There h, indeed, so manifest a propriety of permitting ev-
' erv member to have as much information as possible on
i every question on which he is to vote, that when he de-
' sires the reading, if it be seen that it is really lor informa-
tion and not for deld\, the Speaker directs it to be read
without putt ins a question, if no one objects : but if objected
to, a question must be put.—2 Hats., 117, 118.
It w equally an error to suppose that any merabefchas a
| right. without a question put, to iaya book or paper on the
table, or have it read, on sugsotins that it contains matter
mfunsnnff on the privileges ot the House.—Ih,
u For the same reason a member has not a right to read
! a paper in his place, if it bo objected to, without leave of the
1 House. But this rigor is never exercised but where there
' is an intentional or gross abuse of the time and patience oi
\ the House."
| The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman permit
the Chair to have read the authority on which he
relied in making his decision ?
Mr. MILLSON. Certainly.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Reading of Papers.—Where papers are laid before the
House or referred to a committee, .every member has a right
to have them once read at the table before be can be 'com-
pelled to vote on them—Manual> page 63; and this applies
to the reading of papers on a motion to refer them.—-Journal,
1, 34, page 1146. And so in regard to any proposition sub-
letted for a vote of the House; but it being a rightderived
from the rules, he may at any time (when a motion to sus-
pend the rules is m order) be deprived ofit by a suspension
of the rules—Journal?, 1,32, page 1116; 3, 3i, page 61$; S,
35, page 572—even after the main question is ordered to be
put.—Journal, 3, 34, page 386."
" When the reading ot a paper is called for, and the same
is objected to by any member, it shall be determined by a
vote of the House.—Rule 57."
Mr. MILLSON. That relates to propositions
before the House for the action of the House, and
not to propositions to suspend the rules to intro-
duce, for the consideration of the House, a matter
notjjefore it. In the case referred to, the House
mustdetei*mine whether the paper shall beread,by
vote; otherwise, the Chair will observe that it
could put it in the power of any member to re-
quire that all the volumes of the Statutes at Large
whould be read upon the mere introduction of a
resolution proposing to reprint them. The rule
which has been read from Jefferson's Manual ap-
plies to the case now before us.
Mr. CURTIS. I would suggest, that although
the rule may be as the gentleman from Virginia
suggests, yetit has always, in practice, been con-
sidered the right of any member to have a paper
read upon •which it was proposed to vote, unless
it was evident that he intended to have it read
merely for delay.
Air. HOUSTON. Exactly. That is just the
point I make—that the gentleman from New York
[Mr.Carter] is practicing a fraud upon the rules.
Mr. MILLSON. The Chair will observe .that
Jefferson's Manual has been adopted as the par-
liamentary law governing the House, except so
far as modified by the rules of the House.
Mr. SICKLES. I ask the gentleman to allow
me to attract his attention to the first paragraph
of the clause that he has cited. It is this:
" When papers are laid before the House, or are referred
to a committee, every member has a right to have them
once read at the table before he can be compelled to vote
upon them."
I understand that that is the paragraph under
which the Speaker has made his decision.
Mr. MILLSON. What page is that on?
Mr. SICKLES. Page 105. I wish to call the
attention of the gentleman from Virginia, as well ,
as the attention of the House and of the Chair, to
the phraseology of that paragraph. It provides
that where papers are laid before the House, or
referred to a committee, every member has a right
to have them once read at the table, before he can
be compelled to vote on them. I agree to that;
but that is not the question now. The question
before the House now is on suspending tne rules
to allow the introduction of the resolution. If the
House agree to suspend the rules, and admit the.
paper, then this rule would apply, and no mem-
ber could be required to vote on the resolution
until he had heard it read.
But, sir, that is a different question from the one
now before the House. The question now is on
suspending the rules to allow the introduction of
the resolution; but that does not involve the mer-
its of the resolution. Consequently I insist that
the gentleman from Virginia is right in his point
of order, that the gentleman from New York can-
not require the resolution to be read as prelim-
inaryto a vote on suspending the rules; and there-
fore that I am right in my motion to dispense with
the further reading of the paper, the reading of
which I think the Speaker has erroneously held
to be in order.
Mr. MILLSON. My point of order differs
from the motionof the gentleman from New York
in this 
Mr. SICKLES. I will explain one point fur-
ther. My motion, in the first place, was to dis-
pense with the further reading of the paper. I
did not originally move to suspend the rules to
enable me to make that motion; but I yielded to
a suggestion from the Chair that perhaps that
would be the better way to bring up my motion.
My motion was to suspend the further reading of
the paper. , .
Mr. MILLSON. It is important that the Chair
