1X14
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
and the House should now settle this question
definitely. A. decision by the House that any
member has a right, at any time, to incorporate
into a proposition which he offers out of order to
the House any extraneous matter, however tedi-
ous or offensive, and then to insist on its being
read and spread upon the Journal of the House—
I say that a decision that that is the right of a
member under the rules, and is only to be got rid
of by a suspension of the rules, must result in the
most serious embarrassment. I made the point of
order, therefore, that, objection having been made
,to the further reading of the paper, the question
must be submitted to the House, whether the
paper shall be read or not.
Mr. CARTER. Mr. Speaker, this House has
heard read for information a charge against one
of its members 
. Mr. SICKLES. I must interrupt the gentle-
man. I have the floor. I only yielded the floor
to the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. CARTER. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for one moment.
Mr. SICKLES. I cannot. I yielded the floor,
as I was bound to do, for a point of order made
by the gentleman from Virginia. If the Chair
desires to hear that point discussed, of course I
have something to say on it.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order; and
the Chair has only indulged gentlemen in the re-
marks they have made by unanimous consent.
The Chair will now put the question on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from New York, to suspend
the rules for the purpose of allowing his motion
to come in, that the further reading of the paper
be dispensed with.
Mr. MILLSON. I ask for a decision on my
point of order; because, if the Chair entertains the
proposition to suspend the rules, it is a virtual
decision in favor of the right of any member at
any time to spread anything upon the Journal,
and to cause anything to be read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not mean to
give that construction to the rules—that any gen-
tleman may introduce any kind of resolution, and
that he cannot be stopped from doing so. The
Chair does not mean to make any such decision.
In the present condition of the question, the Chair
holds that the gentleman from New York is in
order in moving a suspension of the rules.
Mr. SICKLES. My motion is to suspend the
reading of the paper; and I-submit that it is not
necessary for the House to suspend the rules to
decide whether it will have the paper read or not.
. It assumes the whole question for the Speaker to
hold that it requires a suspension of the rules for
the House to take a vote whether it is or is not
the pleasure of the House to have the paper read.
We can get at that directly by a motion to dis-
pense with the further reading of the paper.
The SPEAKER. For the present, the Chair
will hold that motion to be m order and proper.
Mr. CARTER. I wish to say a word.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I object to debate.
. The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, and
those who have spoken have been indulged by the
Chair and the House. The Chair would be glad
to hear the gentleman from New York, if there is
no objection.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I object. I want this
thing settled at once; for, sir, in my judgment, so
far never was a day more unprofitably spent.
The question was taken; and the rules were sus-
pended to allow the introduction of the motion of
Mr. Sickles to dispense with the further reading
of the preamble and resolution.
Mr. SICKLES. I have the right, and I now
move that the further readingof the paper be dis-
pensed with; and on that question I demand the
previous question.
Mr. CARTER. I wish to say a word.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, if ob-
jection be made.
Several Members on the Democratic benches
objected.
Mr. CARTER. "What is the question before
the House at this time?
The SPEAXCER. On the motion of the gen-
tleman from New York, that the further reading
of the paper be dispensed with.
Mr. HASKIN. I rise to a point of order, I
wish to say that I agree fully with what has been
stated on the point of order by the gentleman from
Virginia.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. HASKIN. I wish to state my point of
order. I agree with the gentleman from Virginia
on the point of order which he makes, and that a
great deal of confusion has existed here, because
a long preamble has been read here—longer, I am
free to say, than the preamble attached to the Con-
stitution of the United States. The preamble,
however, concludes with a resolution, which con-
tains the gist of this matter. I think that it is
competent for this House, and that we ought, by
a vote, to have that resolution read. I am-in-
formed that that resolution provides that the spe-
cial committee, appointed to expend the $10,000
appropriated by Congress for the celebration of
Washington's birthday and the inauguration of
Mills's equestrian statue of Washington, shall
make their report to this House. Is not that legit-
imate? Is it not proper ? I ask that that resolu-
tion be read for the information of the House.
Mr. SICKLES. That is not in order. The
question is on my motion, on which I have called
for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the House ordered that the further read-
ing of the paper should be dispensed with.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs on
the motion of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Carter,] that the rules be suspended to allow the
introduction of the preamble and resolution.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to.
So the rules were not suspended for the pur-
pose indicated.
LANDS TO RAILROADS.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to extend the provisions of an act
entitled "An act granting public lands, in alternate
sections, to the Spates of Floiida and Alabama, to
aid in th<* construction of certain railroads in said
States," approved May 17, 1856, to the Georgia \
and Alabama company, incorporated by the Le-
gislature of the State of Alabama, by act thereof,
approved February 24, I860; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. j
JUSTICE TO ALL THE STATES. j
Mr. GILMER, by unanimous consent, intro- !
duced a bill to do equal justice to all the States; j
which was road a first and second time, referred i
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I rise to call up a motion entered upon the
Journal some days since. It is amotion to re-
consider the vote by which the homestead bill was
referred to the Co'mmittee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The bill was read by its title, as follows:
An act (H. R. No. 280) to secure homesteads
to actual settlers upon the public domain.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I call the previous question
upon the motion to reconsider.
_ On seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion, tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hindman
and Wilson were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
yeas 88, nays 65.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered to be put.
The main question being on the motion to re-
consider,
Mr. BO.NHAM demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 106, nays 67; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Aldriell, Ashley, Babbitt, Bing-
bam, Blake, Buffinton, Burhnjrame, Campbell, Carey, Car-
ter, Case, John Cochrane, Colfax, Conklm<r, Cooper, Cor-
wm, Covode, Co*, James Craig, Curtis, John G. Davis,
Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunn/Edgerton, Eliot, Fenton,
Ferry, Florence, Foster, Fouke, Frank, Fronch, Gooeh,
Graham, Grow, Gurley, Hale, Hall, Ha^km, Ilelmick,
Hoard, lJolman. Howard, Ilutchins. Junkin. Francis W.
Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kiigore,'Kilhimer, Larrabee.
DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Logan, Loomis, Lovojoy, Maela>!
Marion, Charles D. Martin, McCleinand, MeKean, Mc-
Kmght. Millward, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Jov Morris,
Morse, Ohn, Pendleton, Perry, Porter, Potter, Pottle, Rice,
Riggs, Christopher Robmson, James C. Robinson, Koyce,
Schwartz, Scott, Scranton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Somes,
Spinner, Stanton, Stout, Stratum, Tappan, Thayer. Tomp-
kins, Tram, Trimble, Vallandigham, Vandever, Verree,
Waldron, Walton, Cadwrflader C. Washburn, Ellihu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wells, Wmdom, and Wood-
rufF—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Green Adams, Thomas L. Anderson,
William C. Anderson, Avery, JJarksdale, Bocock, Bonham,
Brabson, Branch, Bristow, Bureh, Burnett. Clopton. Cobb,
Curry, Reuben Davis, De Jamette, Edmu'ndson, English,
Etheridge, Gamett,Gartrell, Gilmer, Hardeman, J.Morrison
Harris, Hatton, HiIl, Hindinan, Houston, Hughes, Jackson,
Jenkins, Jones, Keitt, Lamar, Landrmn, JLeako, Love,
Mallory, Elbert S. Martin, Maynard, McQueen, McRae,
Miles, Millson, Montgomery, Nelson, Niblaek, Noell, Pey-
ton, Pryor, Pugh, Reagan, Ruffin, Sickles, Siiruns, Single-
ton, William Smith, William N. H. Smith, Stevenson,
Stokes, Underwood, Vance, Webster, Winteiey, Woodson,
and Wright—67.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
During the call,
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, stated that
he was paired off with Mr. Barrett.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, stated that
Mr. Parnsworth had paired off with Mr. Craw-
ford upon this vote.
Mr. WILSON said: I have paired off with Mr.
Bouligny, to enable him to transact business at
the Departments for his constituents. I under-
stand from his colleagues that Mr. Bouligny
would vote "no" upon this question, while I
should vote "ay."
Mr. HUMPHREY stated that he would have
voted in the affirmative, had he been within the
bar when his name was called.
Mr. BXJRNHAM stated that he would have
voted in the affirmative had he been within the
bar when his name was called.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Farnsworth is paired
off upon all questions except the homestead bill
with Mr. Morris, of Illinois. He asked that I
should pair off with him upon this question. I
c-onsented to do so. I voted in the negative, having
forgotten the circumstance. I withdraw my
vote.
Mr. MILES stated that his colleague, Mr
Boyce, was obliged to leave the Hall in conse-
quence of severe indisposition.
The result was then announced, as above re-
corded.
The question recurring on the motion to re-
commit,
Mr. LOVEJOY said: I withdraw the motion
to recommit, and move that the bill be engrossed
and read a third time; and upon that motion I
call the previous question.
Mr. BRANCH. I would like to know by what
authority the gentleman from Illinois withdraws
a motion which, I believe, was made by myself?
I believe this bill was referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union upon my
motion.
Mr. LOVEJOY. My recollection is, that I
made the motion to commit, and when that was
adopted, that I entered the motion to reconsider.
I am very sure of it.
Mr. BRANCH. If the gentleman withdraws
the motion, and I have the floor, I will renew the
motion.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The gentleman has not the
floor for that purpose.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the gentleman from Illinois did make the motion
to commit. It is so recorded on the Journal.
Mr. BRANCH. Then I have no doubt he is
correct: but my impression was otherwise.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I withd raw the motion to
commit, and move that the bill be engrossed and
read a third time; and upon that I call the previous
question.
Mr. BRANCH. 1 move 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I have the floor.
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman called the
previous question. Thatmotionjs not debatable:
and the gentleman is obliged to yield the lioor,or
withdraw his call for the previous question,
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I desire to ask a favor
of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. BRANCH. Have I the floor?
Mr. LOVEJOY . I have not yielded the floor,
I wish it understood.
Mr. BRANCH. Then I move to commit the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, in order that it may be discussed and
amended.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not consider
that motion m order.
Mr. HOUSTO-N. I desire to know- whether,
in a case of this sort, where a motion has been
made and carried to commit a bill to the Commit-
