2058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
May 11,
" In this case, although Mr. Norton has been at this De-
partment several times .since the trial, and conversed with
me about it, and written me in regard to it, yet he never
mentioned Mi. Ware's name; on the contrary, m a letter
addressed to me under date of the 15th of October, 1853, lie
distinctly states that the Government had only two counsel,
and those, Mr. Stanbery and himself. You can therefore
appreciate my surprise, on learning from you, on the 10th
instant, for the first time, that Mr. Ware pretended to have
any claim against the Government for services rendered by
him. Considering these facts, I am led to believe that Mr.
Ware was employed by the individuals who were so zeal-
ously prosecuting the persons indicted, and that the ser-
vices rendered by him were rendered in that capacity.
" Under these ciicumstances*, Mr. Ware's claim cannot
be recognized as a valid one against the United States, and
its allowance is respectfully declined."
Now, it is true, subsequent affidavits are putin
which show that Mr. Ware, (and it is frankly
stated there by him,) excepting: his previous con-
nection with the preliminary examination, for
which he was paid by the individual, was not re-
tained by any individual; but that he was deceived
by Norton, undertheidea that he had theauthority
to retain him, or he would be paid by the Gov-
ernment. That 1 believe to be perfectly true. It
was deception both to the -Government and to Mr.
Ware on the part of Norton. This claim was
again presented in November, 1859, to the pres-
ent Secretary of the Interior, with the accompany-
ing explanations as to the fact that he was not em-
ployed by any other person, but had been retained
alone by Norton. Ihe Secretary of the Interior,
after reviewing the action, determined that there
was nothing presented in the case which justified
him in making' the payment. The party now
comes to Congress to be paid. A subordinate of-
ficer of the Government has chosen to falsify facets, -
and to deceive both his colleague in the case, re-
tained by him without authority, at the same time
that he deceived the Government, and told them
that only one counsel had been employed, as they
had agreed to employ by name; and that counsel
having been paid, the question now arises wheth-
er, under those circumstances, it is sound policy,
it is wise on the part of Congress, to recognize
such action, and make a precedent which will
compel you m the future, whenever a subordinate
officer chooses to put at defiance the laws of the
land, to pay for the services rendered under such
circumstances without its knowledge.
Now, sir, I can sympathize with Mr. Ware;
but he has certainly boon guilty of neglect. No
one can doubt that. Mr. Ware was a lawyer.
Mr. Ware knew the law of the land; and if you
hold the rule to be true that every man is bound
to be cognizant of the law, certainly a man versed
in his profession was bound to know that none
but the Secretary of the Interior, the head of the
Department, had the authority to engage him as
counsel or stipulate for the payment of services
rendered by htm; and that no volunteer services,
except on such an agreement, could possibly en-
title him to compensation. He was bound to
know that. What is the answer given to that?
The answer is, that he did not examine that ques-
tion, from courtesy towards Norton, bccause Nor-
ton used indefinite language to him, which, on
the face of the affidavits, ought to have alarmed
his .suspicions. He did not tell him he had au-
thority; his answer to him when he applied was:
"it is all right." It was his duty to see into it.
It was no matter of courtesy; it was a matter of
business; and I ask any lawyer to bring it to him-
self, whether he would agree to act as an associate
counsel in the prosecution of a case on the part of
the Government without having a positive agree-
ment, when he knows the law requires it, with
the proper officer who is authorized to make the
agieement? I say it is no question of courtesy
at all, in my judgment; it was neglect, as I think.
Again, there was a further neglect on the part
of Mr. Ware. No explanation is given of it, and
therefore I attribute it to neglect alone. I admit
the papers show that Mr. Ware was deceived by
the then district attorney; but he chose to rest
his claim without applying to the Government,
or making it known, for more than three years
after the service had been completed. That cer-
tainly is gross neglect upon his part. See the
effect, and see what the effect would be in other
oases. Mr. Norton holds on to his office till it
' expires under the limitation of law, and after his
office expired, or is just about to expire, then, on
his certificate, this claim is .made. What is the
result? The only check you have upon such con-
ducts, that the officer would not dare do it, because
he would lose his office. Here he is permitted to
retain the office during the whole period for which
he was. appointed, and then, when the office ex-
pires, he comes in with a statement to saddle the
Government with a charge which he himself ought
personally to have answered on every principle
both of morals and of law. They say that he is
dead. Then his estate ought to answer for it. I
cannot for one moment agree to establish the pre-
cedent, in the face of the law, that a lawyer, of all
men, shall claim for services rendered to the Gov-
ernment when he knew he had no right to render
such services, or represent the Government, with-
out theauthority of the head of a Department; and
if he chooses, in a loose manner, to enter into
such arrangements, he must take the consequence
of his own action. I will not make the precedent,
for one. I do not see how you can escape here-
after, in any future case of the employment of such
persons, not merely by the district attorney, but
it may be a marshal, (because one has j-ust as
much authority as the other,) who may make an
arrangement with counsel to try a cause, and
then, two or three years after, when his term of
office has ceased and he is no longer in office and
it is no longer important to him, to give a certifi-
cate and a party makes claims on the Govern-
ment. How can you refuse it?
I am not denying the value of the services at
all. Mr. Stanbery viewed 'this case as regards
himself very differently. He took care to have
this agreement; and ne was right. It was his
duty. It was the duty of Mr. Ware, if he re-
garded his own interests, to have made this con-
tract, and known that he was contracting with
the legitimate authority before he rendered the
service. . Beyond all question, he knew what the
law was. Mr. Stanbery made an agreement.
The agreement has been complied with, and the
service paid for.
There is a statement in the papers by Mr.
Stanbery that he would have charged more if he
had not had other counsel than the district attor-
ney. My answer to that is, he could not have
charged more. He agreed to take whatever sum
Judge McLean said was a proper allowance; and
as to whether Judge McLean recognized Mr.
Ware and the extent of his scrvices'm the case,
we know nothing clearly. As to what Mr. Stan-
bery would or would not have charged, he had no
agreement for a specific sum with the Goverment.
He was to receive what the judge who tried the
cause certified was a sufficient compensation for
his services; and whether it would have been more
or less would have depended upon the action of
the judge and not upon himself, because there
was an agreement to abide by the decision of the
judge, f therefoie do not consider that that dec-
laration of Mr. Stanbery, made from kindly feel-
ing, from the fact that this man has been unkindly
treated, shamefully treated by the district attor-
ney—I admit all that—is any reason why the
Government of the United States is to be made
responsible.
Mr. President, it is not to the particular case
that 1 object; 1 should regard that as of but little
moment; the amount is nothing to the Treasury;
but I cannot see how you are to escape from the
establishment *)f a precedent of this kind if you
pass this bill. Here stands a law providing, prop-
erly and rightfully, that in those cases in which
the interests of the Government require that ad-
ditional counsel should be employed, the proper
Department is authorized to do it; and you are
now, by your action, to sanction an illegal and
improper and underhand employment of counsel
by the false action of a subordinate officer. I
think the principle dangerous. I have seen enough
since I have been in this body to know that, if
you make a precedent by special legislation, you
do not know what extent of evils will follow upon
it. Why, sir, in my experience in the short time I
was a member of the Committee on Claims, I recol-
lect that there got among the papers of a case which
were given to me for the purpose of examination,
a letter of one of the agents of a class of cases,
in which he recommended, " bring up such a case
first in the Senate; it is the strongest; and if that
passes the Senate it will make a precedent in or-
der to govern the others." That was the advice
written to somebody, I do not recollect to whom.
It was left among the papers, and I had the right,
of course, to read it. That is the way these things
are done. We all know that is the fact. Our
eyes cannot be blind to the fact that, if you make
under a special law a precedent which involves
subsequent action, that precedent will be brought
in subsequently, and Congress will hardly ever
escape fro^n it.
I admit, fally, that Mr. Ware rendered the
services; that I see no cause to impute t  him
anything but fairness, as far as he is concerned ;
only negligence as regards his own rights; negli-
gence in not taking care to have a proper con-
tract; negligence in"not making any communica-
tion of the claim to the Government until three
years after the services were rendered and the man
who had improperly made them was out of of-
fice, and no longer in the reach of the power of
the Government to punish him for maladminis-
tration.
This makes the substance of my objection to
his claim. I stated, in reading the report of the
Secretary of the Interior, that the claim was pre-
sented for $1,000 originally, and that it i^ now
$1,500. The explanation given of that is, I have
no doubt, true, because it is authenticated by the
affidavit of Mr. Ware himself, and also by the
affidavit of Mr. Norton, who was the agent.
When Mr. Norton got here, and presented this
claim to the Government, though it was a sworn
account, he took the liberty—this is the statement
—under the idea that a claim of $1,000 would be
more palatable than a claim of $1,500, and more
likely to be allowed, of altering a sworn statement
of account from $1,500 to $1,000. Mr. Ware had
originally made it at $1,500, and intended always
to charge $1,500. I do not think he is to be held
responsible for what was certainly a very danger-
ous exercise of authority on the part of his agent.
It does not bind him. 1 am satisfied it is all ex-
plained, and he stands perfectly clcar there; per-
fectly clear in point of honor; perfectly clear in
pointofrenditionof service; but open to the charge
of neglecting his own interests by not taking care
to stipulate with the proper authority, when he
knew what the law was, and by not taking care
to make his claim to the Government until alter
the term of the district attorney had expiied.
But apart from all negligence m the case, if the
claim had been made two months afterwards, my
own judgment would be: the party having chosen
to enter into these arrangementsand render the ser-
vices without sufficient authority on the part of
the district attorney to employ him, when other
counsel had been employed under the sanction of
law by the Secretary of the Interior, such a pre-
cedent as this bill would be far more dangerous in
principle as regards the future actien of Congress,
and the evil would be much greater, than that
Mr. Ware should either lose the compensation
for his .services in the individual case, or that he
should be obliged to resort to the man who had
deceived him. He or his estate, if it is sufficient
to pay him, is liable to the payment of the claim;
but certainly there is no responsibility on the part
of the Government.
These are my views of the case, and on these
grounds I am unwilling that the bill should pass.
Mr. PUGH. I do not propose to reply to the
Senator from Delaware. He talks about every-
body but the party, and comments upon the con-
duct of everybody. The district attorney is dead.
He cannot defend himself. He was a gentleman
of high reputation in his lifetime: and I have no
doubt, if he were living, he would be able to ex-
plain all the points upon which the Senator has
spoken. The other gentleman, Mr. Norton, is
now a resident of New York city, and is notpres-
ent. But the Senator admits there is nothing to
cast the slightest suspicion on Mr. Ware. He
is a gentleman of undoubted integrity and honor.
As to the case itself, I never consider an act of
justice a bad precedent. I will ask the Secretary
to read a letter of Mr. Stanbery, of only a few
lines, containing the substance of the case; and
upon that I rest it with the Senate.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Brown's Hotel, Thursday evening.
My dear Sir: I have this moment received your note,
informing me that the Judiciary Committee will consider
Mr. Ware's case to-morrow, at ten o'clock, a. m., and
would then give me a hearing. It happens that I have an
engagement for the same hour, which I cannot forego.
But if before the committee in person, I should confine
myself to a short statement, which I can quite as well make
m this form, and which you can, if you deem it proper, lay
before the committee.
Our friend Ware rendered most valuable and efficient
service to the Government in the prosecution of die Mar*
