1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
95
distinguished gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Corwin]
told us, that we need not have any apprehension
or feel any special alarm.
Mr. Clerk, when the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Nelson,] the other day,in a speech in
which, at one bound, he sprang into the front
rank of debaters of this Ilouse, eulogized the
Know Nothing party, it was received with tumul-
tuous applause by the Republicans; thus publicly
testifying their ancient connection with the order.
The occasion was not omitted in which to mani-
fest the depth and intensity of their contempt and
scorn for foreigners and for Roman Catholics,
while, I believe, they have no special repulsion
for the black race. Under the constitution and
laws of Massachusetts, there is no ineligibility
to disqualify a negro from being Governor of the
State; at all events, the time has been extended
to foreigners for voting, while the negro is allowed
to vote, without any restriction, after he has ar-
rived of age. I am also informed that the word
"white" has been stricken out of the militia bill,
and blacks are to stand side by side with the
whites of that State, in their military parades.
I desire to say—and I shall not allow myself
to give utterance to any offensive expressions—
that this fanaticism is becoming uncontrollable.
The indications are to be found in the under-
ground railroads, in the efforts to rescue negroes
m the northern States. You find them in the con-
tributions of large amounts of money to circulate
incendiary pamphlets throughout the South. You
find them in the personal liberty bills, and habeas
coitus bills, and mandamus bills of the northern
States, and in the impeachment of judicial officers
for executing the fugitive slave law. You may
think this anti-slavery sentiment a peaceful river,
flowing quietly within its embankments, upon
which you may ride safely into place and power,
but it will rise as a flood and engulf the vessels
on its bosom, and sweep away whatever opposes
its resistless fury.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Corwin,] in
his very adroit speech intended to mollify the
hostility of the South towards Republicanism, at-
tempted to allay our fears and quiet our apprehen-
sions from the fact that there was no more territory
to be acted upon at this session of Congress. Did
it not occur to the very distinguished gentleman
to inquire, then, wherefore the necessity of the
Republican organization, which came into exist-
ence distinctly, avowedly, and solely for the pur-
pose of the prevention of slavery in the Territo-
ries ? If you do not intend to inflict wrong upon
the South, or interfere with slavery, and if there
be no question upon which your doctrines can be
practically applied, dissolve your organization and
put it out of your power to do us injury.
The gentleman, as well as my friend from New
York, [Mr. Clark,] in his remarks to-day, was
singularly infelicitous in his definition of Aboli-
tionism, and his explanation of the principles of
the Republican party, preferring, I suppose, that
we should rather repose in the vagueness of a
fallacy than to be tormented with the precision of
a logical definition.
Now, Mr. Clerk, I propose to try by the test
of fact and of logic whether there be any cause
/or apprehension on the part of the South, and
whether there be any occasion for anxiety in
reference to the questions which are before the
people. At the South, with the institution of
slavery in our midst, we are not accustomed to
distinguish very accurately and precisely between
the different degrees of opposition to us and to
our institutions; but I propose to submit to the
House and the country, so far as they may honor
what I say with perusal, that the measures which
are presented by the Republican party arc of im-
minent danger to the Constitution, and the South
and the country at large. What are those doc-
trines ? If a convention were again assembled for
the purpose of forming a Constitution of the United
States, would New England, or, I might put the
question to the gentleman from New York, would
New York agree to the present provisions pro-
viding for the delivery of fugitives from labor5
Would New York, New England, Michigan and
other northern States, agree to the provision in
the Constitution to suppress insurrection ? Would
Massachusetts agree to the provision allowing
slave representation in the Congress of the United
States ?
I go further. Without speculating upon what
may be done in a convention met to frame a con-
stitution for the United States, I ask you, gentle-
men, and I put it to your hearts and your con-
sciences,,whether, if you had the power, you
would notmodify or repeal the fugitive slave law?
Would you? If I take the declaration of the
State of Ohio, in its Republican convention, I am
authorized to say that you would. If I take the
declarations of your prominent men, and who
hold high official positions as Senators, Repr^fc
sentatives and Governors, I am authorized to say
that you would—that that clause of the Constitu-
tion would be practically made void and of no
effect, by your legislation, if you had the control
of this country. I go further still. I ask you,
and if necessary I will pause for a reply, had
you the power, would you not abolish slavery in
the District of Columbia? Your great Senator
from New York [Mr. Seward] said that he
would; and he, in time past, introduced a bill to
secure that object. I ask you, and I press the
question home upon you, whether, if you were
in power, you would not use the legislation of this
country, and all the functions of this Govern-
ment, to abolish slavery and render slave property
insecure in the forts, arsenals, dock-yards, and
other places subject to the jurisdiction of the Uni-
ted States? No negative response comes up that
I hear.
Mr. KILGORE. We would not interfere at
all with the present relations of slavery in the slave
States.
Mr. CURRY. Would they not in those States
which have been acquired since the formation of
the Government? I believe they make a distinction
between the old thirteen States and those formed
out of territory acquired since the Revolution. I
ask gentlemen, and I know their sentiments on
the subject, for their political platform avows
them, whether they would not, by act of Congress
abolish slavery in the Territories of this coun-
try ? If there were a State formed out of territory
north or south of the Missouri line of 36° 30',
and presented a slave constitution would gentle-
men vote for its admission ? I know that a colleague
of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kilgore,]
and five or six others, during the last Congress,
stated that they would not. 1 put it to you, and
I-press it home upon the attention of the country,
whether, if by the agencies of this Government
you sought to cripple and confine us within grad-
ually narrowing limits, we would not then be re-
duced to subjection to the negro, or forced to fly
from the country of our residence? These arc
your avowed opinions in the newspapers, in your
official organs, and uttered by Representatives in
Congress, and yet I am gravely told by gentle-
men who have held high official positions m the
country, that we are Lo dismiss our apprehensions,
and entertain no fears as to the consequences.
The vitalizing, animating principle of the Re-
publican party is opposition to slavery. Extension
of slavery into the Territories, a gentleman says.
I accept the amendment; but I will demonstrate be-
fore I get through, that it lias a nearer application
to us than that. In the present, I say that the
vital animating principle of the Republican party
is opposition to the extension of slavery into the
Territories. That is the ligament which binds
the heterogeneous compound together. Without
it, it would fall to pieces of its own weight, or
would be disintegrated from want of coherence
and harmony. What does Mr. Seward, your
great Senator from New York, say? I use his
name, for he is a representative man, and because
his opinions have not been disavowed. He says
that while we leave slavery to the States where it
exists—just the sentiments expressed by the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] the other day—
we should inflexibly direct the policy of this Fed-
eral Government so as to circumscribc its limits.
For what? To secure its ultimate extinction.
That is the object, by confining us within this
narrowing circle to secure the abolition of slavery, j
You will not deny that that is the purpose and j
effect of this agitation. j
Governor Chase, who was a Senator once from i
Ohio, and who is now, I tlnnk, the Governor of
that State—that Governor Chase,.between whom
and the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Corwin,]
there seems to have been a sort of fraternal and
political concord and alliance—in an address which
ne delivered in Boston, says to his anti-slavery
friends that "we must see to it that the princi-
ples of freedom are made to animate every func-
tion of our national Government, and every officer
connected uiih Us Administration." Everything
is to be made subservient and auxiliary to this
principle of negro freedom. The famous English'
test act, by which a man was excluded from civil
office unless he partook of the sacrament alter the
manner of the Church-of England, is to be red-
acted, and applied to the southern States. All ho
cannot pronounce the shibboleth of Republicanism
are to be proscribed and banished from all influ-
ence in our Government and Union. Non-slave-
owners and Republicans are to hold all the offices
Postmasters, marshals, district attorneys, mail
agents, Federal judges, and all other officers, are
to be controlled, according to Governor Chase,
by this principle of freedom. Such an expedient
would incapacitate southern men. The conscien-
tious and Constitution-loving would be excluded
—the unprincipled and the traitor would be ap-
pointed. It would be as effectual as the penal
code against the Papists of Ireland, and every
Federal office would be effectually barred against
a slaveholder. The object is to divide the South
into two distinct bodies, without interest, sym-
pathy, or connection, and another Ireland is to be
made on this side of the ocean, with new parties
of Orangemen and Brunswick men. The gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Kellogg] the other day
stated that the object is to exert all the powers of
this Government to prevent the extension of sla-
very ; and this Constitution which was intended to
be our protection and our defense, is to be made
the instrument of our oppression, and the badge
of tyranny.
I have very summarily and briefly referred to
the opinions of the Republican party, the animat-
ing principle of that party, the sentiments which
they avow, and the consequences which must in-
evitably follow from their assumption of the reins
of government, if they be true to their principles
ana their avowals. I regretted very much to hear
the distinguished member from Tennessee [Mr.
Nelson] say that the election of a man holding
such prmciples-to the Presidency, was not to be
resisted by the South. During the canvass of
1856, Mr. Fillmore, who had been President of
the United States, in a speech which he made at
Albany, after his return from Europe, used the
following language:
" But, sir, what do wc see? An exasperated feeling be-
tween the North and the South, on the most exciting of
topics, resulting in bloodshed and organized military air^y.
But this is not all, sir. We &ee a political party pre-
senting candidates for the Piesideney and Vice Presidency,
selected for the first time from the free States alone, with
the avowed purpose of clectmg these candidates by suf-
frages of one pait of the Union only, to rule over the whole
United States. Can it be possible that those who are en-
gaged in such a measure can have seriously.relleeted upon
tiie consequences which must inevitably follow, in ease of
success ? Can they have the madness or the folly to be-
lieve that our southren brethren would submit to be gov-
erned by such a Chief Magistrate ? Would he be required
to follow the same rule prescribed by those who elected
him, in making his appointments? If a man living south
of Mason and Dixon's line be not woithy to be President
or Vice President, would it be proper to select one fiom
the same quarter as one of his cabinet council, or to rep-
resent the nation in a foreign country ? Or, indeed, to col-
lect the revenue, or administer the laws, of the United
States? If not, what new rule is the President to adopt
in selecting men for office, that the people themselvesdis-
eard m selecting him ? These are seuous, but practical
questions, and in oider to appreciate them fully, it is only
necessary to turn the tables upon ouiselves. Suppose that
the South, having a majority of the electoral votes, should
declare that they would only have slaveholders for Presi-
dent and Vice President, and bhould clect such by their
exclusive suffrages to rule over us at the North. Do you
think we would fcubmit to it? No, not for a moment. And
do you believe that jour southern brethren arc less sensi-
tive on this subject than you are, or less jealous of their
rights? If you do, let me tell you that you aie mistaken.
And, therefore, you must see that if tins sectional party
succeeds, it leads inevitably to the destruction of this beau-
tiful fabric reared by our foiefather*, cemented by their
blood, and bequeathed to us as a priceless inheritance.''
Such is the language of Mr. Fillmore, who had
boon President of the United States, and who was
at that time a candidate for reelection. Now, sir,
however distasteful it may be to my friend from
New York, [Mr. Clark,]' however much it may
revolt the public sentiment or conscience of this
country, I am not ashamed or afraid publicly to
avow that the election of William H. Seward,
or Salmon P. Chase, or any such representative
of the Republican party, upon a sectional plat-
form, ought to be resisted to the disruption of
every tie that binds this Confederacy together.
[Applause on the Democratic side of the House.]
