1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tha Washington conspirators, especially in the preparation
of the case," which required local knowledge of persons,
witnesses, &.c., at Cincinnati. My impression at tile time
was, that Mr. Ware appeared exclusively for the United
States. At this distance of time I cannot give the language
or the district attorney, Mr. Norton; but my impression is
strong that he employed Mr. Ware, and gave him to under-
stand that he had authority to do so.
I will add further that, in the preparation and trial of the
case, the services of Mr. Ware relievetLme of a great deal
of labor, which, if it had falien upon me, wouid have
added considerably to my compensation. He spent a great
deal of time m preparing the testimony; in the course of
which seiv,ce, my impression-is, he was absent for some
time on the lower Mississippi. I think I am safe in saying
that this business must have pccupied his time pretty fully
lor at least six months. I repeat that, if this labor had de-
voived upon me, I should have charged a much higher fee
than I received.
I shall very much regret if such faithful and meritorious
service should go unpaid.
Very truly yours, HENRY STANBERY.
Hon. George H. Pendleton.
Mr. BAYARD. I only wish to defend myself
from a remark of the Senator from Ohio, that I
have talked about everything but the individual
himself. I imputed no blame to him. I have en-
deavored to do him justice. The Senator says it
never can be a bad precedent to do justice. I ad-
mit it. As gentlemen are very fond of making
analogies between the transactions of individuals
and the transactions between the Government
and a citizen—though.I do not think they always
hold, and in this case, on the principles of justice
and equity they would not hold—let me take a
case: suppose A employs B as his agent for the
purpose of retaining counsel in a case, and that,
having retained one counsel, another, knowing
the fact that he has no authority whatever to re-
tain any more—because Mr. Ware did know
that—cl&oses to take his representation without
any evidence of authority from his principal to
make a contract for the employment of another
counsel in the case, 1 ask whether in justice, or
in equity, or in reason, or in law, the principal
would be bound in such a case to pay the com-
pensation of additional counsel, or whether it
would not fall on the agent alone ? That is pre-
cisely the case here. The knowledge was full on
the part of Mr. Ware of the law of the land. He
knew that none but the head of the Department
had the right to make this contract with him.
Mr. Stanbery knew it. Mr. Stanbery took care
to guard his rights properly. Mr. Ware did not.
I cannot make the precedent, nor do 1 think jus-
tice requires it.
Mr. GREEN. I will ask the Senator from
Delaware, whether the employment was legal or
illegal, proper or improper, if the Government,
through its agent, availed itself of the benefit of
his services, the.y must not pay a quantum meruit ?
Air. BAYARD. I will answer the Senator. I
deny that the Government avails itself of the ser-
vices of a party through an agent, if that agent
goes beyond the scope of his authority and at-
tempts to make a charge that he has no authority
to make. Such a doctrine would lead to any spe-
cies of claim against the Government of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator wholly misunder-
stands me. I am not talking about the district
attorney. I am talking about the aid he got from
this other person. The Government, at the trial,
did make use of his services. They did use the
depositions that he took at Memphis; for he had
gone there, under instructions from the district
attorney, and paid his own expenses. These depo-
sitions were made use of on the trial. They must
pay what is fair for the services, and whether the
original employment was strictly technically legal
or illegal,a quantum meruit is required.
Mr. BAYARD. If that were so, then clearly
the case ought to go to the Court of Claims. If
this is a case for quantum meruit, let it go there,
and we will see. how the court will dispose of it.
I think there is 110 semblance of contract in the
case. I do not understand this doctrine, that if a
party chooses to render service withoutauthority,
it can be said the Government availed themselves
of the service. They are very distinct proposi-
tions, m my judgment. I think it alters the whole
case. However, I am not disposed to discuss it
further. 1 shall only ask the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill. If the Government please
to pass it, so far as I am concerned, I would like
to see Mr. Ware compensated, if he could be; but
I cannot make the precedent at the expense of
the principle.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, and %vas read the third time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands the Senator from Delaware to ask for
the yeas and nays upon the passage of this bill.
Mr. BAYARD. Yes, sir.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Brown, Chandler,
Chesnut, Clark, Collamer, JDison, Doolittle, Douglas, Dur-
kee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Green, Gwm, Harfllin, Ham-
mond, Hemphill, Latham, Nicholson, Powell, Pugh, Sauls-
bury, Sumner, Wade, Wigfall, Wilkinson, and Wilson—
29.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bragg, Bright, Cliugroan, Davis,
Iverson,X.ane, itice, Slidell, Toombs, and Yuiee—11.
So the joint resolution was passed.
. RELATIONS OP STATES.
Mr. DAVIS. Some days since, when the res-
olutions which I introduced were under discus-
sion, itwas agreed to postpone them foraday,in
order that the bill in relation to the settlers upon
the public lands might be considered, with the
expectation that the bill would be concluded upon
the day it was taken lip. This failed, however;
and it continued through the next day; and at a late
hour on the first day, when fiorn physical disa-
bility I had been compelled to leave the Senate, I
understand the order which would have caused
the resolutions to have been taken up yesterday
was dispensed with, without assigning them to
any future period. If I am correct in this, I ask
the Senate to take up the resolutions this morn-
ing, in order that some disposition may be made
of them, so that they will at least come up at some
future time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Mississippi moves to take up the resolutions
indicated by him, with a view to assign a day for
their consideration.
Mr. DAVIS. I will assign them for to-mor-
row, or any other day that the Senate please, as
I understand it is the wish to go on with private
bills to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Itwas understood and an-
nounced by my colleague that he would address
the Senate en these resolutions on Monday; and
unless the Senator from Mississippi desires to
speak to-morrow, I think we had better assign
them for Monday.
Mr. DAVIS. Oh, no; I do not wish to speak.
I do not know whether anybody does or not. If
Monday be the day preferred, I have no objection.
I will say Monday, at one o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion is on taking up the resolutions for considera-
tion.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is nowmoved
to postpone the further consideration of the res-
olutions until Monday next, and make them the
special order for one o'clock on that day.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BIGLER presented a petition of citizens of
the counties of Lehigh and Berks, Pennsylvania,
praying the establishment of a tri-weekly mail
route from Laury's Station, on the Lehigh and
Valley railroad, toKutztown; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. POWELL presented papers in relation to
the claim of Herman D. Stratton, a soldier in the
late war with Mexico, praying a pension on ac-
count of a disability incurred in the line of his
duty; which were referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. HEMPHILL presented the petition and
papers of David Brister and others, citizens of
Texas, praying compensation for property taken
from them by the Camanches and other tribes of
Indians; which were referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of Oli-
ver Smith and other ship-owners, of Kennebunk,
Maine, remonstrating against the passage of a bill
to grant to a company, chartered by the State of
Louisiana, the assent of Congress for the privi-
lege of keeping open the channel of Pass a 1'Outre,
and charging a toll therefor; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills, in which:
the concurrence of the Senate was requested^ -
A bill (No. 64) to disapprove and declare null
and void all territorial acts and parts of acts here-
tofore passed by the Legislative .Assembly, of
New Mexico which establish, protect, or legalize
involuntary servitude or slavery within said Ter-
ritory, except as punishment for crime upon due
conviction; and
A bill (S. No. 706) to authorize the President
' of the United States, in conjunction with the State'
of California, to run and mark the boundary lines
between the territories of the United States and
the State of California. * •
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills of the Senate:
A bill (No. 90) to create an additional l£md
district in Washington Territory; and
A bill (No. 340), to carry into effecta conven-
tion between the united States and the Republic
of Paraguay.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Presi-
dent had approved and signed, on the5th instant,
an act (H. R. No. 660) supplemental to an act
entitled "An act providing for the taking of the
seventh and- subsequent censuses of the United
.States, and to fix the number of the members of
the House of Representatives, and provide for the
future apportionment among the several States,"
approved May 23, 1850.
Also, that the President had approved and
signed, on the9th instant,an act (H. R. No.268)
to provide payment for depredations committed
by the whites on the Shawnee Indians in Kansas
Territory.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
The message furtherannounced that the House
had ordered, on the 10th instant, the printing of
the following documents:
Resolves of the Legislature of California, ask-
ing for the establishment of a mail route from Car-
son City, in Utah, to Nevada, in California—
ordered at twelve o'clock and ten minutes.
Resolves of the Legislature of California, ask-
ing for a mail route from Red Bluff to Susonville
—ordered at twelve o'clock and eleven minutes.
Resolves in regard to the sixteenth and thirty-
sixth sections donated for school purposes—or-
dered at twelve o'clock and eleven minutes.
Resolves in regard to the establishment of a
new land district at Red Bluff, in California—or-
dered at twelve o'clock and eleven minutes.
Letter from the Secretary of the Interior, trans-
mitting a statement of the amount due the Choc-
taws, according to the principles of settlement
prescribed by a resolution of the Senate—ordered
at two o'clock and fifty minutes.
ARTHUR EDWARDS VETO MESSAGE.
Mr. YULEE. Yesterday the veto of the Pres-
identupon the bill forthe relief of Arthur Edwards
and his associates was postponed at my sugges-
tion. I rise for the purpose of saying that if it be
the pleasure of the Senate, I will in a very few
minutes state what 1 desire to state in relation
to it.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator allow me to
have the bills referred that have just been brought
from the House of Representatives ?
Mr. YULEE. Certainly.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twiceby their titles,
and referred to the Committo'e on Territories, on
motion of Mr. Green-:
A bill (No. 64) to disapprove and declare null
and void all territorial acts and parts of acts here-
tofore passed by the Legislative Assembly of New
Mexico, which establish, protect, or legalize in-
voluntary servitude or slavery within said Ter-
ritory, except as punishment for crime upon Sue
conviction.
A bill (S. No. 706) to authorize the President
of the United States, m conjunction with the State
of California, to run and mark the boundary lines
between the territories of the United States and
the State of California.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask that the
papers in the case of James S.Douglas and others,
