1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1115
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
after many days have elapsed the House recon-
siders the vote and brings the bill back before the
House, it is in the power of the gentleman who
made the motion to commit to withdraw it at that
time, or whether the House has not taken such a
charge of the question as will deprive the mem-
ber who made the motion of all power to control
it in the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that it
is in the power of the gentleman to withdraw the
motion.
Mr. BRANCH. I suppose my motion to com-
mit is received, and that the call for the previous
question only takes preccdence of it. So that, if
the previous question is voted down, my motion
to commit comes up.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The gentleman had not the
floor to make any such motion.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from North
Carolina had the floor he could fttake the motion.
Mr. BRANCH. I understood the Speaker to
assign me the floor. There is no question pend-
ing, except a second to the demand for the pre-
vious question, made by the gentleman from Illi-
nois.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
has not yielded the floor.
Mr. BRANCH. Have I the floor for the pur-
pose of making a motion ? I understood the
Speaker to decide that my motion to commit was
not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did so decide.
Mr. BRANCH. Then I move to lay the bill
upon the table.
The^ SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr.'COBB. In examining the progress of this
bill, I find that it will be impossible to amend it,
as the previous question is now pending.
Mr. BRANCH. I objcct to debate, unless the
previous question is withdrawn.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order while
the previous question is pending.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I want to ask a favor of
the gentleman from Illinois.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order. The pend-
ing motion is to lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do not desire to debate
the bill. I wish to ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois to allow an amendment which I have drawn
up to be read for information.
Mr. LOVEJOY I cannot/''
Mr. BRANCH. I demand the yeas and nays
upon my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 62, nays 112; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Thomas L. Anderson,
William C. Anderson, Avery, Barksdaie, Bocock, Bonham,
Brabson, Branch, Brrsfow, Burnett, Olopton, Cobb, Curry,
H. Winter Davis. Reuben Davis. De Jarnette, Edmundson,
Ethoridge,Garnett,Gartrell,Gilmer, Hamilton. Hardeman,
J. Morrison Harris, Ilatton, Hill, Houston, Jackson, Jenk-
ins, Jone?, Keitt. Lamar, Leake, Love, Mallory, Elbert S.
Martin, Maynard, McQueen, Mcllae. Miles, Milh-on, Mont-
goineiy, Suienham Moore, Nelson, Noel!, Peyton, Pryor,
Push. Reagan, Rutiin, Simms, Singleton. William Smith,
William N. H. Snath, Stevenson, Stokes, Underwood,
Vance, Whiteiey, Woodson, and Wright—62.
NAYS—Messrs. Adram, Aldnch, Babbitt, Barr, Bing-
ham, Blake, Briggs, Buffinton, Burlingamc, Burnham,
Campbell, Carev, Carter. Case, John Cochrane, Colfax,
Cotifclmg, Cooper, Coiwin.Covodo,Cox, James Craig, Cur-
tis, JohnG. J>avi«, Dawes, Delano. Duel!, Dunn, Edjrerton,
Eliot, English, Fenton, Ferry, Florence, Foster, Fnuke,
Frank. French, Gooch, Graham. Grow, Gurley, Hale, Hall,
Haskin, H 'tmlek, Hickman, Hoard, Iloiman, Howard,
Humphrey, Hutchins, Junkin. Francis W. Kellogff, Wil-
liam KeHogg, Iwlgoie, Killings, Larrabee, DeWitt C.
Leach. Le<s Lojjan. Loomi>, Lovejov. Maclay, Marston,
Charle> D. Martin, McClernand, McKean, McKmght, Mc-
PiK'i.xoii, Moorhead. Morrill, Edward Juy Mollis, Morse,
Ntliiack, Olm. Pendleton. Perry, Poitcr, Potter, Pottle,
Rn'c. Uiggs Christopher Robinson, James C. Robinson,
Roy<- \ Schwartz. Scott, Scianton. Sherman, Somes, Spin-
net, Stanton. Stout, Snatton, Tappan. Thayer.Tompkins.
Ttimble, Vallandiffham, Vandewi, Van Wyck, Verreel
Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn. Eihhu B
Wa-hbtirne. Srael Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Windom,
and Woodiull*—112.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the table.
Durinj£ the call of the roll,
Mr. MILES statu! that Mr. Boyce had paired
off with Mr. Adams, of Massachusetts, both being
unwell.
Mr. COBB. Being a little green, I would like
like some information. 1 want to inquire of the
friends of this bill if-they expect the call for the
previous question to be sustained to prevent any
amendments
Mr. BRANCH. I object to debate
Mr. COBB I object to the bill as it is.
Mr. BRANCH. I call the gentleman from
Alabama to order.
Mr. COBB. Can I get the permission of the
gentleman from North Carolina to vote ? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. BRANCH. I insist that the gentleman
shall conform to the rules of the House.
Mr. COBB. Mr. Clerk, call my name.
The Clerk. Mr. Cobb.
Mr. COBB. I vote to lay the bill upon the ta-
ble, as I cannot get it amended. *
Mr. ENGLISH. As the Legislature of Indi-
ana instructed her Representatives in favor of a
homestead law, I vote " ay."
Mr. WILSON. I was paired with Mr. Botx-
ligny, but I have transferred the pair to Mr.
Sedgwick, who, I understand, would vote the
same way I do. I vote " ay."
Mr. HUGHES stated- that he was called out
before his name was called; otherwise, he would
have voted " ay."
Mr. BURCH. I was not within the barwhen
my name was called. I ask permission to vote;
though I do not know that my vote will change
the result.
Mr. McPHERSON and others objected.
Mr. BURCH. I would have voted " no."
The result was then announced, as above re-
ported.
Mr. ETHERIDGE, I ask the gentleman to
hear a suggestion in relation to this bill, which,
perhaps, I will have no power now to enforce. I
certainly shall have no such power after the pre-
vious question is seconded.
Mr. LOYEJOY. I must decline. I should be
glad to extend the courtesy to the gentleman, but
others make the same appeal to me.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I can make the sugges-
tion to the gentleman, and then he can adopt it or
not, as he thinks proper. I know I am under his
power and control, and I hope he will at least
hear the suggestion.
Mr. BURNETT. Debate is not in order, and
I call the gentleman to order, though I should
have no objection to hear the gentleman from
Tennessee if he were in order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot pro-
ceed, as objection is made.
Air. ETHERIDGE. I did not propose to en-
ter into a debate. My objcct is to make a state-
ment, in which the gentleman from Kentucky is
interested, as well as myself.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I insist upon order.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mi. LOVEJOY. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill. ♦
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BRANCH demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Before the vote is taken, I
am entitled to the floor for one hour, as the mem-
ber who reported this bill from the committee. I
will not occupy that time; but I wish to submit a
few remarks.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. The gentleman says he
will not occupy his whole time. Will he yield to
me for just a moment, that I may indicate the pur-
pose I had in view when I asked him to withdraw
the previous question?
Mr. HOUSTON. I take it for granted that this
is not the kind of case in which the gentleman has
a right to an hour to close the debate. There has,
in truth, been no debate opened; and if there had
been, it would have been closed before the third
reading of the bill. This is not the time when the
gentleman has the right to debate—if he has the
right at all—when there has been no debate opened.
It is not only unfair, but in violation of the rules,
that the gentleman should now debate the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
gentleman from Illinois has a right to close the
debate.
Mr. HOUSTON. When does that right at-
tach ? Will the Speaker tell me that?
The SPEAKER At any stage where the bill
is debatable
Mr. LOVEJOY. I claim my right to the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama raises a question of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to present this point
of order, because I am satisfied that this is not the
way in which the rule ought to be administered,
I desire to have the rule upon the subject read.
The Clerk read a portion of the 34th rule, as
follows:
" No member shall occupy more than one hour in debate
on any question in the House or in committee; but a mem-
ber reporting the measure under consideration from a com-
mittee, may open and close the debate."
Mr. HOUSTON. "Open and close the de-
bate." Very well; but there has been no debate
uponrthis bill. All debate has been prevented:and
I think I am correct in saying that it is the uni-
form and, I believe, the universal pratice,in a case
where a member claims the right to close the de-
bate, to claim that right before the bill has been
ordered to its third reading, and while it is open
for amendment. Before it passes from^iat stage,
the member must claim his right; or if he does
not, he loses it altogether.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot find any
rule laying it down in that way.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, I suppose not.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I will waive my right if we
can proceed to vote.
The question was then taken on the passage of
the bill; and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 115, nays 6*5; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Aldrich, Ashley, Babbitt, Barr,
Bingham, Blake, Briggs, Buffinton, Burch, Burnham,
Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, John Cochrane, Colfax,
Conkling, Cooper, Corwm, Covode, Cox, James Craig,
Curtis, John G. Davis, Dawes, Delano, Duel!, Dunn,Edger-
ton, Eliot, English, Fenton, Ferry, Florence, Foster, Foukc,
Frank, French, Gooch, Graham, Grow, Gurley, Hale, Hall,
Haskin, Hclnuck, Hickman, Hoard, Holman, Howard,
Humphrey, Hutchins, Junkm, Frawcis W. Kellogg, Wil-
liam Kellogg, Kilgore, Killinger, Larrabee, DeWitt C.
Leach, Lee, Logan, Loomis, Lovejoy, Maclay, Marston,
Charles D. Martin, McClernand, McKean, McKnight, Mc-
Pherson, Millvvard, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Morse,
NIblack, Oiin, Pendleton, Perry, Porter, Potter, Pottle,
Rice, Riggs, Christopher Robinson, James C. Robinson,
Itoyce, Schwartz, Scott, Scranton, Sherman, Sickles,
Somes, Spinner, Stanton, Stout, Stratton, Tappan, Thayer,
Tompkins, Train, Trimble, Vallandigham, Vandever, Van
Wyck, Verree, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, EUihu B. Washburnc,Israel Washburn, Wells, Wil-
son, Windom, and Woodiufi—115.
NAYS—Messrs. Green Adams, Thomas L. Anderson,
William C. Anderson, Avery, Barksdaie, Bocock, Bon-
ham, Brabson, Branch, Bristow, Burnett, Clopton, Cobb,
Curry, II. Winter Davis, Iieuben Davis, De Jamette, Ed-
mundson, Ethendge, Garnett, Gartrell, Gilmer, Hamilton,
Hardeman, J. Morrison Harris, Hatton, Hill, Hindman,
Houston, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Keitt, Lamar,
Landrum, Leake, Love, Mallory, Elbert S. Martin, May-
nard, McQueen, McRae, Miles, Millson, Montgomery,
Sydenham Moore, Nelson, Nocll, Peyton, Pryor, Pugh,
Reagan, RufTin, Simms, Singleton, William Smith, Wil-
liam N. II. Smith, Stevenson, Stokes, Underwood, Vance,
Webster, Whiteiey, Woodson, and Wright—65.
So the bill was passed.
During the call,
Mr. ROBINSON, of Rhode Island, stated that
Mr. Biiayton was paired off.
Mr.* VANCE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Leach, was detained from the House by indis-
position.
Mr. CRAWFORD stated that he was paired
off with Mr. Farnsworth.
Mr. ETHERIDGE, when his name was called,
said: 1 am for a homestead law*, but on this par-
ticular bill I vote " no."
Mr. MONTGOMERY, when his name was
called, said: I am in favor of a homestead law,
but there is no opportunity to amend this bill, and
it is highly objectionable. I cannot, therefore,
vote for it. I vote "no "
Mr. STOUT, when his name was called, said:
Mr. Speaker, I shall vote for this bill, though I
do not like some of its provisions. I think the
length of time required, during which the settler
is compelled to reside thereon, is much too great.
I believe that nine tenths of the settlers on public
lands will take them under the preemption laws,
rather than be compelled to comply with the pro-
visions of this act. If you are going to donate
the lands to actual settlers, do it in good faith.
As this is the best donation law that I will be
able to vote for this session, and as it is not open
to amendment, I vote "-ay."
Mr. GROW. No debate is in order.
Mr. WILSON, when his name was called,
said: I had paired off with Mr. Bouligny for to-
day. I have just seen him, and he has consented
that the pair shall be transferred to Mr. Sebg-
