1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Government, to defend her citizens, and comes
now and asks that Congress shall reimburse her
the amount actually paid out. There is a report
of the comptroller of the State, which shows the
amount of money which has been actually paid
out for the defense of the frontier. It is not ne-
cessary that I should refer again to the efforts
which were made by myself and my colleague
upon this floor, during the last Congress, persist-
ently and continuously, to secure the defense of
the frontier of Texas.
The gentleman has informed us that the greater
portion of the expenditures of Government are
to be charged to Texas, California, New Mexico,
and Oregon. Well, sir, if the military expenses
of the Government are not to be charged to them,
\yhere will you charge them? There is the thea-
ter of the military action of the country. The
gentleman's course may suit his sense of econo-
my, but it is no compliment to his statesman-
ship. He does not seem to remember that the
advancement of the frontiers, the occupation
and redemption of the wilderness, its civilization
and improvement, the building up of American
commerce, and the expansion of civilization, are
a part of the great interests of the country. Our
troops must be stationed where there is real need
for them.
It is not to be believed that the American Con-
gress will lose sight of the extent of the territory
of this country; the extent of our Indian frontiers,
and the existence of three hundred thousand In-
dians upon these frontiers, a large portion of
whom are either predatory in their character or
they have little regard, little knowledge, and little
respect for the rights of others. The main portion
of the military forces of this country has to be em-
ployed to keep these Indians in subjection, and to
protect the white settlers; to give protection to the
settlers, for the redemption of the wilderness to
the uses of civilized life and the arts of peace.
But it appears to be the gentleman's policy to
stop the settlements where they now are, and to
leave these vast unsettled tracts to be the hunting
grounds of Indians in all future years. What sort
of a policy is that?
I have only further to say, that I presume the
protective provisions have been inserted in this
amendment in order that any additional super-
vision which is necessary might be made by the
Secretary of War, and that the Federal Treasury
might be guarded againstany impropriety. There
can be no doubt that these troops were called out
and ordered into the service. That service was
necessary. The money to pay for it was appro-
priated by the State, and it has been paid to the
troops. And we only ask now simply to be re-
imbursed for that necessary expenditure. I trust
and believe that this IIousc will not require the
State of Texas to go on defending herself, prose-
cuting her own wars, and then refusing to reim-
burse her the amount which she has necessarily
expended, unless, indeed, they are prepared to
disregard every dictate of humanity, of justice,
and of patriotism.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I hope the vote
will be allowed to be taken on that amendment
without further debate.
Mr. REAGAN. 1 withdraw my amendment.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to offer the follow-
ing amendment:
Arnold the fiftieth amendment of the Senate by adding)
ag inflows :
Provided furtha , That there shall be no greater pay or
allowance to such volunteers than was given lor services
In the same grade? arid at the same time to similar tioops
in the service of the United States.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the Senate amendment, as amended, was
then non-concurrred in.
Fifty-first amendment:
Sec. 8. J)nd he it further cnarted, That the twelfth sec-
tion of the act of .3d of Maieh, 1857, be extended so as to em-
brace the pay propei and allowances of the militia of New
Mexico theiein named: Provided. They eliall receive no
greater pay and allowances than were eiven to officers and
soldier* of equal grade at that penod m the [Tnited Suites
aerviee, and that the amount heieby appropiiated shall not
exceed the sum of $74,009.
Mr. STANTON. I will ask that the twelfth
section referred to in that amendment be read.
The Clerk read the section, as follows:
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted. That the Secretary of
War be and he is herebv. authorized and directed to settle
the actual and necessary expenses incurred by the militia
• called into tcivice in the Territory of New Mexico by act-
ing Governor Meservy,in the year 1844, to suppress Indian
hostilities in said Territory, upon the presentation, by the
Governor of said Territory to the said Secretary, of a full,
accurate, and detailed statement or estimate oi the actual
and necessary expenses incurred by said militia, accom-
panied by proper vouchers and sau.sfactory proof of the cor-
rectness thereof, authenticated according to the usages of
the Department; and that the sum of §25,000 be, and the
same is hereby, appropriated, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not olherwit>e appropriated, to carry the provisions of
this act into effect: Provided, That said Secretary shall be
firfct satisfied that the calling out of said militia was proper
and necessary for the defense of said Territory.
Mr. STANTON. The difficulty, as I under-
stand it, arises from a misconstruction of that act.
It is claimed by the authorities of New Mexico
that the expenses of the militia contemplated by
that twelfth section covered pay and supplies.
The Treasury Department puts a different con-
struction on it, and excludes pay and supplies.
This amendment is for the purpose of putting a
construction on the act, and to authorize the mili-
tia to receive pay according to the Army pay, and
supplies at the ordinary prices. Now, if the
House is disposed to reverse its action, and re-
fuse to recognize the expenditures made for sup-
pressing Indian hostilities, let us go at it andtreat
all alike; but let us not act capriciously, and pay
the expenses of one Territory and refuse to pay
those of another. All are equally entitled to justice.
Mr. OTERO. I oppose the amendment. Iam
in favor of the amendment of the Senate. It is
simply to carry out existing law; simply to meet
an existing obligation of the Government. The
money ought to have been paid long ago.
Now, sir, it is needless for me to say anything
in relation to the service rendered by these troops.
This amendment is simply for the pay proper and
emoluments, and not for the actual and necessary
expenses. I say these troops rendered service to
the satisfaction of the War Department, and they
ought to have their pay. I hope, therefore, the
House will disagree with the recommendation of
the Committee of Ways and Means, and concur
m the Senate amendment. I will not detain the
committee longer.
The amendmentto the Senate'samendment was
disagreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. 1 move to amend
by reducing the amount nine dollars.
Mr. Chairman, my friend from New Mexico
thinks this amendment ought to be concurred in.
I respectfully differ with him in that opinion.
There was a law passed, which has been read,
appropriating $25,000 to cover the whole claim
at that time made for this service.
Mr. OTERO. No, sir; it did not cover the
whole claim, or they would not have come here
for moie. One is for their pay proper, and the
other for their expenses.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. That is the opin-
ion of my friend. I say to this committee that
the amount of $25,000, which was appropriated
in 1857. covcred the entire claim made in that
application. That money has been paid, and has
been distributed among the beneficiaries. They
now come with a new claim. They first claimed
pay for the expenses incident to calling out the
; volunteers. This is to give them the pay of the
regular Aimy in addition. It is, therefore, justas
completely a new claim as if no law had ever been
passed upon the subject of these volunteers; as
completely a new claim as are the Oregon or Texas
claims, which we have disagreed to in this bill.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence in this amendment,
' upon the same ground as the others; and if any-
' thing else wore needed to induce the House to
non-concur, the admirable argument of the gen-
tleman from Virginia would, I presume, be suffi-
cient.
Mr. BONHAM. I propose to oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from Maryland. On
j looking at the act referred to by the honorable
I member of the Committee of Ways and Means, I
| see that an amount was appropriated to defray the
' actual expenses of these militia called into service.
Now, sir, I suppose there is a wide difference
between pay proper and allowances to officers and
soldiers. I am not fully informed upon thut sub-
ject, and 1 may be mistaken; but I appeal tetany
gentleman here familiar with the Army regula-
tions to say whether there is not a distinction
between the pay proper and allowances. For j
instance: the officers may receive twelve, twenty- j
five, or fifty dollars per month, and the soldiers j
their "pay per month; but in additiontothis,th:ey
are allowed rations, forage for horses, &e. That,
I understand, has never been paid; and that is the
object of this amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, by unanimous con-
sent, withdrew his amendment.
The amendment of the Senate was non-con-
curred in.
Fifty-second amendment:
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That each candidate,
when admitted into the Military Academy as a cadet under
the qualifications now required, who shall make appiica-
tion for advancement to a class that has passed through the
course of study prescribed for the first, first two, or first
three years, and who upon examination by the academic
board shall be found proficient in the academic course pre-
scribed for the first, the first two, or the first three years,
may be advanced to such class.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend that the House
non-concur in that amendment, on the ground
that it is a virtual breaking up of the Military
Academy at West Point; by which no specified
term of study will be required, and every thing go
by favor. 1 hope the House will non-concur in
the amendment: It is a step towards giving ap-
pointments in the Army to civilians.
Mr. STANTON. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senate, by striking out all after the
enacting clause and inserting as follows:
That hereafter the term of study for the cadets in the
Military Academy at West Point shall be four years and no
more.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I think that amendment is not
germane to the Senate amendment.
Mr. STANTON. The amendment certainly
is strictly in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is in order.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. With all respect
to the Chair, I take an appeal from that decision,
on the ground that the amendment proposed by
the gentleman from Ohio is not germane to the
subject of the Senate amendment.
Mr. STANTON. It is precisely germane to
that amendment. The Senate amendment pro-
poses to regulate the classes, and to provide for
the stand they shall take when they are admitted
into the Academy. My amendment proposes to
fix the term of study. That amendment proposes
also to fix the term of study—that when a cadet
is admitted, one may be allowed to graduate upon
one year's study, another upon twoyears'study,
and so on. My amendment proposes to make the
course a uniform one.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I ask the Chair if it
is proper, under the rules which govern the House
of Representatives, that an amendment of this
description, proposing an entire new provision of
law, shall he grafted upon an appropriation bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
although it might not have been in order as an
amendment to the original bill, it is clearly ger-
mane to the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I understood the
Chair to decide that this committee was acting
under rules which govern it in the consideration
of appropriation bills.
The CHAIRMAN. The Senate amendment
must be considered as the text upon which the
committee is acting; and the Chair thinks that
he is not at liberty to decide an amendment out
of order which is strictly germane to the text we
are considering.
The question was taken on the appeal; and the
decision of the Chair was sustained as the judg-
ment of tli^ committee.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, I propose toper-
feet the clause which the gentleman from Uhio
proposes to strike out.
Mr. STANTON, f suppose the question will
have to be taken first upon my amendment. The
Senate amendment is intended to provide that
those advanced a ccrtain grade beyond this stand-
ard of admission to the Academy may be grad-
uated at one, two, or thrt'e years. It will be
remembered that position in the Academy at
West Point is rank m the Army, and those who
are admitted first are entitled to the highest rank
and firstpromotion in the Army. The effect, then,
is, that if a rich man's son, who has graduated at
college, can enter the Academy and graduate in
one year, he will take rank over one who has to
remain there three years, having entered with a
