THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Concress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1859.
New Series No. 7.
urc of the rights of the South, then the minority-
will soon bccomc a prey to the ambition and cu-
pidity of the majority.
Gouverneur Morris, in writing to Mr, Pickering
—and he is authority I presume on the other side
of the House—said that''the legislative lionisnot
to be entangled in the meshes of a logical net—
that the legislature will always make the power
they wish to exercise." Limitations of power
contained in the Constitution and reservations of
undelegated powers arc of no avail unless they, for
whose benefit they are imposed and reserved,
have the power to enforce the limitations and pro-
tect the reservations against encroachment. It is
idle to expect the delegated powers to protect the
reserved; it is nonsense to give a right without a
remedy, or a remedy without the means of ap-
plying it. It is folly to talk of the minority rely-
ing; for the protection of their rights upon the
privilege of protest, complaint, and remonstrance.
No, every separate community must be able to
protect itself. Power must be met by power.
If the majority can control this Government,
intcrpii'ting the Constitution at its will, then this
Government is a despotism. Whether wise or
unwise, whether merciful or cruel, it is a despot-
ism still.
Mr. Clerk, this power of self-protection, ac-
cording to my judgment and my theory of poli-
tics, resides in each State. Eacfi has the ri§lit of
secession, the right of interposition, for the arrest
of evils within its limits. The means of resist-
ance to oppression are ample; and it is a sad mis-
fortune, sir, that these effective remedies have not
been oftener applied. A more frequent application
of the remedy would make the will commensurate
with the means, inspire moral greatness, embolden
courage, make resistance a duty, and equality a
necessity.
Mr. Clerk, if our Democratic friends, with the
aid of American friends, or of Republicans, who j
may come to the rescue, as i trust many of them |
will, be not able to interpose for the security of ;
the South, and for the preservation of the Con- i
stitution, I, for one, shall counsel immediate and
effective resistance, and shall urge the people to
fling themselves upon the reserved rights and the
inalienable sovereignty of the State to which I
owe my first and lasl allegiance. [Applause.]
Mr. KILGORE obtained the floor.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If the gentleman
will yield, I will move that the House adjourn.
It is late, and members are impatient.
Mr. KILGORE. I yield for that purpose.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. With the per-
mission of the House, I will make a personal ex-
planation. I should be doing violence to my own
feelings and sense of propriety if I did not, at this
early opportunity, make an apology to this House
for any act I may have committed m the unpleas-
ant. and, to me, much regretted occurrence in this
Hall on yesterday. It was an offense to its dig-
nity and a breach of its decorum, and I express
my regrets that it should have happened, and
tender to the House my sincere apology.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Clerk, after what has been
stated by my worthy colleague, I conceive that it
is due from me to state that if, yesterday, in the
excitement of debate, I violated any of the rules
of the House or of its decorum, I did so uninten-
tionally. If 1 violated the decorum of this delibera-
tive body I assure the House that I was actuated
by no malice. I regret the scene which occurrcd
yesterday, and I trust that it may have no ten-
dency, whatever, to mar any of the kindly rela-
tions which have heretofore existed between any
of the members of this House.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. After this cheer-
ing manifestation of a return of cordial feeling to
members, I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. BUFFINTON demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BURNETT. I appeal to the gentleman
from New York to withdraw the motion to ad-
7
journ. If the time is to be taken up with calling
the yeas and nays, the gentleman from Indiana
had better go on with his speech.
Mr. KILGORE. I am willing that the House
should adjourn ai this time, for I would prefer to
postpone my remarks until Monday. If we could
have a vote for Speaker to-night, I would much
prefer it; but I am assured by the gentlemen of
the other side that that is impossible.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE withdrew the mo-
tion to adjourn; and Mr. Kilgore yielding for
that purpose, it was renewed by Mr. Hickman.
Mr. GROW demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and if was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 112, nays 108; as follows:
YEAS—Mes&rs. Adrain, Thomas L. Anderson, William
0. Andeison, Avery, Baiksdaie, Barr, Kairett, Bocock,
Bonham, Boteler, Bouhgny, lioyce, Brabson, Bianch,
Briggs, Bristow, Burch, Burnett, Ca?e, John B Claik,
Clopton, John Cochrane, Coopei, Co\. Buiton Ciaige,
Curry, Davidson, H. Winter Davis, John G. Davis, Iteuben
Davis, De Jumettc, Dinimick, Edmundson, English, Rthcr-
ldge, Florence, Fouke, (iarnptt, Gartrell, flamihon, Harde-
man, J. Morrison Harris, John T, Hams, Hatton, Haw-
kins, Hickman, Hill, Ilnidman, Houston, Jackson, Jones,"
Kent, Ktlgove, Kunkcl, Lamar, Lavrabee, James M. Leach,
Leake, Logan, Love, Maciay, Mallorv, Elbert S. Martin,
Maynaid, McClernand, McQueen, Mcliae, Miles, Million,
Montgomery, Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Moore, Morrill,
Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morns, Morse, Nelson, Nib-
lack, Noel!, Pendleton, Pettit, Pejton, I'lielps, Pryor, Pngli,
Quarles, Reagan, Itiggs, James ('. Jlobm.son, Rufiin, Scott,
Sickles, Sunm<, Singleton, William Smith, William N. II.
Smith, Stanton, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Stoker,
Stout, Tayloi, Thomas, Cndcrwood, Vallandighani, Vance,
Walton, Webster, Wluteley, Wmslow, Woodson, and
Wright—112
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrich, Allen, Alley,
Ashley, Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blan, Blake, Brayton,
Bufiinton, Burltngamc, Burnham, Butterfield, Campbell.
Caiey, Cditer, Horace F. Clark, Cobb. Colfax, Conkling,
Covode, James Ciaig, Cuitis. Dawes, Delano. Ducll, Dunn,
Edge/ton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Farn>worth, Fenton, Fenj,
Foster, Frank, French, Gtlmcr, Gooeli, Graham, Grow,
Gurley, Hale, Hall, Ilaskin, Helmiek, Hoard, Hohnan,
Howard, Humphrey, Hutchms, livme, Junkin, Francis W.
Kellogg, Iveiiyon, Killings, DeWittC. Leach, Lee, Long-
neeker,' Loomis, Lowjoy, Marion, Charles 1>. Martin,
IVIcKean, McKmght, MePheison, Moorhead, Nixon, Pal-
mer, Pennington, Peily. Porter, Pottei, Pottle, Reynolds,
Itiee, ClniotoplU'i Robinson, Itovco, Schwartz, Seranton,
Sedgwick, Somes, Spaulding, Spinner, Stevens, William
Stewart, Stratum, Tappan, Thayer. Theakei, Tompkins
Tidiii, Trimble, V.inck'\er, Van Wyck, Vciieo, Wade,
Waldron,Cadwaladei C Wa-hbuin,ElhlmB Wn^hhnine,
Israel Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Wmdoin, and Woodruff
—108.
During the call,
Mr. HINDMAN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Rust, had paired off with Mr. Wood for this day
and Monday.
Mr. BONHAM stated that he had been re-
quested to announce that Mr. Clemens, who is
not well, had paired off with Mr. Mill ward until
Wednesday at twelve o'clock, m.
Air. STANTON stated that his colleague, Mr.
Corwin, being indisposed, had paired off for this
day with Mr. Crawford.
fc>o the motion was agreed to; and thereupon,
at a quarter past three o'clock, p. m., the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, Dtcember 12, 1859.
Prayer by Rev. P. D. Gurley, D. D.
The Journal of Thursday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented the petition of
Raymond Reynolds, a soldier in the war of 1812,
praying to be allowed a pension; which was or-
dered to lie on the table until the committees shall
be appointed.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition pf
officers of the Washington navy-yard and citi-
zens of Washington, praying for an appropria-
tion for graveling Eighth street east, or Garrison
street, from its intersection with Pennsylvania
avenue to the navy-yard gate; wliieh was ordered
to lie on the table until the committees shall be
appointed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN-.
On motion of Mi. CHESNUT, it was
Ordered. That the petition and papers of William E. Has-
kell, for himself and other heirs of William Thompson, an
officer in the revolutionary war, praying to be allowed the
commutation pay due their ancestor, be withdrawn from
the files of the Senate, and lie on the table until the com-
mittees shall be formed.
NOTICES OP BILLS.
Mr. GRIMES gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to reimburse the State
of Iowa for expenses incurred in the suppression
of Indian hostilities within her jurisdiction, in
the years 1857 and 1858.
Mr. MALLORY gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill to amend an act
entitled "An act to amend an act entitled 4An
act to promote the progress of the arts.' "
Mr. HEMPHILL gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce the following bill and
joint resolution:
A bill making an appropriation for the support
of a regiment of Texas mounted volunteers au-
thorized by the act of Congress of February,
1858;and
A joint resolution making an appropriation for
the payment of certain volunteer troops called into
service by the Governor of the'State of Texas
for the protection of the frontierof said State, and
to reimburse to said State the amount advanced
by her on account thereof.
ORGANIZATION.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer a resolution to the Sen-
ate; and, as ( shall ask its consideration when it
is read, I will explain the object of it.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That a committee of three be appointed to in-
form the Piesirlent that the Senate is in session, and ready
to receive any communication which he mayaddiess to it.
Mr. DAVIS. The reason for presenting the
resolution, and asking for its present considera-
tion, is, that a case, which I believe is not usual,
has occurred. Since the meeting of the Senate-, a
district attorney has died, and the court is em-
barrassed for the want of a successor. The Presi-
dent cannot appoint, because the Senate is in ses-
sion; but yet he is not officially informed that
the Senate is in session; and, therefore, he has no
right to send us a nomination. In order to re-
move this difficulty, I propose the raising of this
committee. 1 ask for the present consideration
of the resolution.
The resolution was considered, by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I move that the committee be
appointed by the Chair.
The resolution was agreed to; and Messrs. Da-
vis, Crittenden, and Foot, were appointed.
Mr. DAVIS subsequently said: The commit-
tee appointed by the Senate to wait on the Presi-
dent and inform him that the Senate is ready to
rc-eive such communications as may be made to
this body, have discharged that duty, and report
that the President answered that he would to-mor-
row have a communication of an executive char-
acter, which he would send to the Senate.
CHAPLAINS TO THE SENATE.
Mr. BIGLER. I offered a resolution on Thurs-
day last, before the Senate adjourned, m refer-
ence to the selection of Chaplains for the Senate.
I ask the Senate to consider that resolution at this
time.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the Senate be author-
ized and lequestedto invite such officiating clergymen of
the Dimict of Columbia as the office may be acceptable
to, to officiate as Chaplains to the Senate during the pies-
(>nt session, and in such alternation as may be agieeabie to
them.
Mr. WILSON. 1 objected to that resolution
when it was introduced, becausc I think the ex-
periment we have tried ought to satisfy us_ that
we had better return to the policy of electing a
Chaplain to the Senate. I know, sir, there was
complaint in the Senate and in the country before
wu adopted the plan of inviting the clergymen of
the city to officiate here. That grew out of elec-
tion ermg; out of the fact that clergymen came to
