2062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
and every one of them has been paid the sum
Commodore Perry agreedto pay them, except Mr.
Brown. Mr. Brown is the last one of about six,
I think; and every one of them has received the
§1,500, exccpt Mr. Brown.
Mr. GRIMES. I have just'this to say in re-
ply: I know nothing in regard to what may have
teen the action of Congress heretofore; but I
know there was no act of Congress authorizing
Commodore Perry, or anybody else, to employ
artists. I know that there were applications from
more than a thousand persons, as I have been
told, to get the privilege of going in this expedi-
tion in precisely the same capacity as Mr. Brown;
but he was selected in preference to all the others.
He was rated as master's mate, and received from
the Government $300 salary as master's mate, be-
sides his rations. I repeat, there are ten thou-
sand young men in this country, who can per-
form the same duties, who would jump at an
opportunity to go on a Japan expedition on pre-
cisely the same terms; ana we arc setting a most
extraordinarily bad example when we declare
that the commodore of one of our squadrons, sent
to a foreign station, shall be permitted to rate as
many master's mates as he sees fit at $300 a year,
and then come before Congress and ask that we
shall pay these master's mates §1,500 a year ad-
ditional, bccause they happen to be daguerreo-
typists, and take views to be used in the adorn-
ment of a book.
Mr. IVERSON. I rise to a point of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill gives
rise to debate, and is objected to; and it therefore
goes over, under the order that has been made.
TARIFF BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hates, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 338} to pro-
vide for the payment of outstanding Treasury
notes, to authorize a loan, to regulate and fix the
duties on imports, and for other purposes, in
which the concurrence of the Senate was re-
quested.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the bill was read
twire by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. HUNTER. Will it be in orderfor me to
submit a motion to postpone the prior orders for
the purpose of taking up the deficiency bill? I
voted against adjourning over under the hope that
we might get it up to-morrow; but as the Senate
has determined to adjourn over until Monday, it
seems to me there is no time to act on that bill,
unless we do it to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
in oidcr.
Mr. HUNTER. I submit a motion to post-
pone all prior orders and take up the deficiency
appropriation bill.
Mr. IVERSON. I hope that motion will not
prevail. As I said before, private bill day has
been so much interfered with by circumstances,
not under our control perhaps, that I trust it will
not be given the go-by, but that we shall go on
and do justice to some of the claimants at any
rate, and pass such bills as are meritorious and do
not give rise to debate. I am sorry the Senate
agreed to adjourn over until Monday, because if
we sit to-morrow the deficiency bill, of which the
Senator from Virginia has charge, can be taken
up and passed; and now I trust some member
who voted in the affirmative will move to recon-
sider the vote by which the Senate agreed to ad-
journ over to Monday, and let us sit to-morrow,
and go on then with the deficiency bill.
Mr. LATHAM. I voted to adjourn over; and
I make the motion to reconsider.
Mr. IVERSON. Will the Senator from Vir-
ginia withdraw his motion, and allow us to recon-
sider the other vote ?
Mr. HUNTER. I withdraw it with a view to
test the other question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall not re-
consider.
Mr. PUGH. I move that the motion to recon-
sider lie on the table. The matter is very well off
as it stands. I will vote to take up the appropri-
ation bill now, because we make no progress on
the Private Calendar. Every bill is read, e^pry
report \s read, and then objection is made. It is
ail a waste of time.
Mr. HALE. Will the Senate indulge me in
making a motion to recommit a bill that is on the
Calendar?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Such motions
have been hitherto entertained in the Senate as
that now made by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Pugh,] and the Chair will entertain it on this oc-
casion, in pursuance of precedent.
Mr. HALE. I did not hear any objection to
my proposition. I ask indulgence simply to re-
commit a bill. [" Certainly."f
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 object. Those men who do
not want to come here, must take their business
when they can.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio, to lay
on the tabic the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate agreed to adjourn over.
The question being put; there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes 10, noes 21.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The division
shows the want of a quorum, and disables the
Senate from proceeding with business.
Mr. BROWN. J ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator from Ohio
will withdraw the motion, and let us have a vote
on the reconsideration.
Mr. PUGH. If the yeas and nays are to be
demanded, I withdraw my motion to lay on the
table, and have the question on the reconsidera-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion is on reconsidering the vote by which the
Senate agreed to adjourn to Monday.
Mr. BRAGG. I think there is a quorum here
without taking the yeas and nays.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We are losing more time
now by these side motions than will be gained
by sitting to-morrow. We shall waste this day
in this way. We have sat, as we all know, very
diligently for the last two days; and if we go on
to-day with the Private Calendar, and dispose of
it, I do not think it is an unreasonable thing that
we should adjourn over Saturday. If these mo-
tions are to be made, and we are to have a strug-
gle as to whether we shall adjourn over, we shall
be consuming this day, at least. I thiyk we had
better let this matter stand as it does—we have
already agreed to adjourn over until Monday—
and go on with the iSusiness of to-day. I hope
the Senator from California will not press his mo-
tion to reconsider. I do not know how the Sen-
ate may decide it; but if we are to have the yeas
and nays repeatedly, it will occupy most of tke
day to dispose of the question.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Illinois says
we have been engaged for two days. Well, sir,
we were not engaged for about two weeks. Dur-
ing the last three or four weeks we have done but
little business here. The Senate is a least four
weeks behind the House of Representatives. We
have several very important bills to be acted on—
bills to carry on the Government. We have one
for the admission of Kansas; wc have one to mod-
ify the tariff; we have a bill from the House re-
pealing the slavery laws of New Mexico; we have
a large number of important bills that will take
three or four weeks to act upon. I want to attend
to our business, and put an end to this session as
soon as we can perform that business. We have
nowa deficiency bill here—a bill thatoughtto have
been passed, in my judgment, weeks ago; and I
hope we shall meet to-morrow and pass that bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the Senate agreed to adjourn to Monday next.
Mr.TRUMBULL. I did notsuppose I should
be understood by anybody as meaning that we
had worked but two days because I spoke of the
protracted sessions that we had just been having.
The reason that we ad journed two weeks ago, and
did nothing for a period of ten or twelve days, is
well understood by the Senator from Massachu-
setts and by the country. Wc have a similar state
of things now coming upon us—the meeting of
another convention; and Imippnse there is an un-
derstanding generally that no important votes will
| be taken during the next ten days. I amnotsat-
j isfied myself that we are subserving the public
i interests, or doing justice, by the passage of many
of the bills that we are passing. It is not expected
that any of the great measures of which the Sen-
ator speaks will be taken up and considered next
week, if we sit ail the tfSne. I presume he him-
self, in the absence of several of his friends on this
side of the Chamber, would not press such ques-
tions as the admission of Kansas, the repeal of the
New Mexican laws, and others of which he has
spoken. As to the deficiency bill, which he thinks
should have been passed weeks ago, I think these
deficiency bills never should arise. I do not like
deficiency bills. We have got this one, and we
must pass it, it is said. By no means. I am op-
posed to the policy which allows your public
officers to go on and create debts ad libitim, and
come here lor us to pay them under the name of
deficiencies. I think they pass quite soon enough.
But, sir, I do not wish to argue this matter, or
consume the day in talking about adjourning over.
Mr. BROWN. 1 think we have had a great
deal of debate, and had better vote on the motion
of the Senator from Ohio to lay the thing on the
table. That stops talking, if we cannot stop it in
any other way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. HUNTER. I.want to make a remark. I
would not interfere with the disposition of the
Senate to adjourn over, if it were not that there is
a pressing necessity for some items in the defi-
ciency bill. If the Senate will consent to take it
up to-day, I shall agree to adjourn over; but if
we sit to-moprow, we must act on it to-morrow,
or I do not know what day we shall get it up.
Monday is set aside for debate on the resolutions
of the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,]
and I do not know when the vote will be taken on
them. Under these circumstances, I have felt that
it was my duty to claimants, many of whom are
witnesses brought from a distance, waiting here, to
press the bill. The items in the deficiency bill are
mostly items of deficiency in the contingent ex-
penses of the two Houses, and there is nothing in
it for the Government excepting some .items of
land surveys, the whole amount being between
five and six hundred thousand dollars. If the
Senate will take it up to-day, I will agree to ad-
journ over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I, for one, am willing to
take up the deficiency bill. I think we are accom-
plishing but little on the Private Calendar.
Mr. BROWN. Let us get clear of the question
of adjourning over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from California
to reconsider the vote by which it was ordered
that when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
Monday next.
Mr. HUNTER. I first make my motion to
take up the appropriation bill. If the Senate take
it up, I do not wish to interfere with the order
already rriade.
Mr. IVERSON. I rise to a point of order. The
motion of the Senator from Virginia is not ih
order until we dispose of the motion of the Sen-
ator from California.
Mr. HUNTER. The motion to reconsider can
be entered, to be taken up after the Senate decide
upon my motion. I now move to postpone the
prior orders, and take up the deficiency bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope the general orders of
the day will not be postponed. I concur with the
Senator from Georgia. This is a day devoted to
the consideration of private bills, and it seems to
me we ought to consider them. I know it is sug-
gested by many Senators that there are many bills
onthePrivateCalendarwhich ought not to receive
the favorable action of the Senate. That may be
so. Then let us reject them. We owe to those
claimants one duty, and that is the duty of con-
sidering and passing upon their claims; and if, in
our judgment, they are such as should not pass,
let us reject them. My opinion is very different
from what is perhaps a prevailing opinion here,
or what would be considered the prevailing opin-
ion, if 1 were to judge of the opinions of the Sen-
ate by their acts. My opinion is that a good claim
has the hardest gauntlet to run here of any place
I ever knew on 6arth; and, in my judgment, a
poor claim stands about as good a chance as a
good om .
Mr. FOSTER and others. Better, if it is large.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is very probable, and
| it may be accounted for in this way: a case that
has some capacity to it, which is very large, en-
lists the earnest efforts of the applicant. He comes
here and looks after it personally. Now, I sup-
pose if. any Senator were to attempt to investigate
