1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Oregon object to the present consideration
of the resolution offered by the Senator from Vir-
ginia ?
Mr. GRIMES. Suppose the Senator from
Oregon does object. Can the objection of the
Senator, as the Senate has given us unanimous
consent for the transaction of this business, be
now interposed so as to prevent the disposal of
it?
Mr. SUMNER. And, Mr. President, when
the floor had been awarded to me. I was in pos-
session of the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the Senator from Virginia was making
reports by the unanimous consent of the Senate,
after the bill of the Senator from Oregon had been
taken up by a vote of the Senate. The last re-
port was the resolution which has just been read,
it is in order undoubtedly for any Senator, under
the rules, to require a resolution and report from
a committee to lie over one day; and unanimous
consent being given to make reports, does not
affect that right m any way.
Mr. FITCH. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts is entitled to the floor unless the
Senator from Oregon objects.
Mr. FITCH. 1 merely desired to make a sug-
gestion to the Senator from Oregon, that the short-
est way would be to withdraw the objection. I
presume there will be no debate on the other side,
and certainly none on this; and there will be no
objection to the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. LANE. I withdraw the objection.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, i welcome
with pleasure 
Mr. FITCH. If there is to be debate on the
subject, I must renew the objection. I appealed
to the Senator from Oregon to withdraw it, sup-
posing there would be no further debate; but if it
is to be debated, I must object to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The objection hav-
ing been withdrawn, cannot now be lenewed.
Mv. FITCH. I understood it was withdrawn
with the understanding that there would be no
debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is too late
renew it.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I welcome
with pleasure the proposition for the discharge of
• Mr. Hyatt from his long incarceration in the filthy
jail where he lias been detained by the order of
the Senate. But i am unwilling that this act of
justice should be done to a much-injured citizen,
without for one moment exposing the injustice
which he has received at your hands.
The case, it seems to me, can be made as plain
as a diagram.
We must not forget a fundamental difference
between the powers of the House of Representa-
tives and the powers of the Senate. It is from
the former that the Senator from Virginia has
drawn his precedents, and here is his mistake.
To the House of Representatives are given in-
quisitorial powers expiessly by the Constitution,
while no such powers are given to the Senate.
This is expressed in the words, " the House of
Representatives shall have the sole power of im-
peachment." Hero, then, obviously, is some-
thing delegated to the House, and not delegated
to the Senate—namely, those inquiries which are
in their nature preliminary to an impeachment— j
which may or may not end in impeachment; and |
since, by the Constitution, every "civil officer" •
of the General Government may be impeached, ,
the inquisitorial powers of the House may be di-
rected against every "civil officer," from the
President down to the lowest on tile list.
This is an extensive power, but it is confined
solely to the House. Strictly speaking, the Sen-
ate has no general inquisitorial powers. It has
judicial powers in three cases under the Constitu-
tion;
1. To try impeachments.
2. To judge the elections, returns, and quali-
fications of its members.
3. To punish its members for disorderly be-
havior, and, with the concurrence of tsvo thirds,
expel a member.
Ill the execution of these powers, the Senate
has the attributes ot a court; and, according to
established pieeedents, it may summon witnesses
^ and compel then-testimony, although it may well
be doubted if a law be not necessary, even to the
execution of this power.
Besides these three cases, expressly named in
the Constitution, there are two others, where it
has already undertaken to exercise judicial pow-
ers, not by virtue of express words, but in self-
defense.
1. With regard to the conduct of its servants,
as of its Primer.
2. When its privileges have been violated, as
in the case of William Duane, by a libel, or in
the case of Nugent, by stealing and divulging a
treaty while still under the seal of secrecy.
It will be observed that these two classes of
cases are not sustained by the text of the Con-
stitution; but if sustained at all, it must be by that
principle of universal jurisprudence, and also of
natural law, which gives to every body, whether
natuial or artificial, the right to protect its own
existence; in other words, the great right of self-
defense. And I submit that no principle less
solid could sustain this exercise of power. It is
not enough to say that such a power would be
convenient, highly convenient, or important. It
must be absolutely essential to the self-preservation of
the body; and even then, in the absence of any
law, it may be open to the gravest doubts.
" Doubtless," says Blackstone, " all arbitrary
measures well executed,are the most convenient."
(Commentaries, vol. 4, p. 350.) But mere conve-
nience is not a proper leason, under a free Gov-
ernment, for the assumption of powers no tgranted;
and this is especially the case where the powers
are arbitrary and despotic, and touch the liberty
of the citizen.
Now, if the present inquiry were in the House
of Representatives, and were directed against the
President or the Secretary of War, on the ground
of negligence or malfeasance at an important mo-
ment, it would be cleaily within the jurisdiction
of that body,which has the sote power of impeach-
ment; but it would not come within the jurisdic-
tion of the Senate until it became the duty of the
latter body to try the impeachment instituted by
tl>e House.
/ But the present inquiry is neither preliminary
'to an impeachment, nor on the trial of an im-
peachment. It has no such element to sustain it.
It is precisely the same as if an inquiry should be
instituted into the murder of Dr. Buruell in New
York—or into the burning of slaves in Alabama
—or into the banks of New York—or into the
conduct of the supreme court of Wisconsin in
alleged obstructions of the fugitive slave bill—
with regard to all which the Senate has no judi-
cial powers. And yet, it has judicial powers in
all these cases, precisely to the same extent that
it has in the case of John Brown at Harper's
Ferry.
I know it is said that this power is necessary
in aid of legislation. I deny the necessity. Con-
venient, at times, it may be; but ntcessaiy, never.
We do not drag the members of the Cabinet or
the President to testify before a committee in aid
of legislation; but I say, without hesitation, they
can claim no immunity which does not belong
equally to the humblest citizen. Mr. Hyatt and
Mr. Sanborn have rights as ample as if they were
officeholders. Such a power as this—which,
without the sanction of law, and merely at the
will of a partisan majority, may be employed to
ransack the most distant States, and to drag citi-
zens before the Senate all the way from Wiscon-
sin or fiom South Carolina—may be convenient,
and, to certain persons, may seem to be neces-
sary. An alleged necessity has, throughout all
time, been the apology for wrong.
So .spoke ttie Fiend, and with necessity
Tlie tyrant's plea excused Ins devilish deeds."
Such, according to Milton, was the practice among
the fallen angels.
Let me be understood as admitting the power
of the Senate where it is essential to its own pro-
tection or the protection of its privileges, but not
where it is required merely in aid of legislation.
The difference is world-wide between what is re-
quired {or protection and what is required merely
tor aid; and here 1 part company with Senators
with whom I am proud on other matters to act.
They hold that this great power may be exercised,
not merely for the protection of the Senate, but
also for its aid in framing a bill or in maturing
any piece of legislation. To aid a committee of
this body merely in a legislative purpose, a citi-
zen, guilty of no crime, charged with no offense,
presumed to be innocent, honored and beloved in;
his neighborhood,may be seized,handcuffed,kid-
napped, and dragged away from his home, hur-
ried across State lines, brought here as a criminal,
and then thrust into jail. The mere statement of
the case shows the dangerous absurdity of such
a claim. " Nephew," said Algernon Sidney, in
prison, on the mghtbefore his execution," I value
not my own life a chip; but what concerns me'is,
that the law which takes away my life may hang
every one of you, whenever it is thought con-
venient." It was a dangerous law that aroused
the indignation of the English patriot. But in
the present case there is not even a law—nothing
but an order made by a fractional part of Con-
gress.
There are Senators here who pretend' to find
in the Constitution the right to carry slaves into
the national Territories. That-such Senators
should also find in the same Constitution the right
to make a slave of Mr. Hyatt or Mr. Sanborn,
or of anybody else, merely to aid legislation, is
not astonishing; but I am at a loss how Senators
who love freedom, can find any such right in the
Constitution.
I say nothing, now, of the precedents of the
British Parliament; for they are all more or less
inapplicable. We live under a written Constitu-
tion, with certain specified powers; and all these
are restrained by the tenth amendment, declaring
that
" The powers not delegated to the United States, nor
prohibited to the States, are reserved to the States respect-
ively, or to the people."
But even the British precedents have found a
critic at home, in the late Chief Justice of Eng-
land, Lord Denman, pronouncing judgment in the
great case of Stockdale vs. Hansard, (1 Adolph.
and Ellis, 1;) and also in the words of an elegant
and authoritative historian, whose life has been
passed in one or the other of the two Houses of
Parliament; I refer to Lord Mahon, now the Earl
Stanhope, who, in his History of England, (vol.
4, p. 30,) thus remarks:
'' I may observe, in passing, that, throughout the reign of
George If., the privileges ot the House of Commons flour-
ished in the rankest luxuriance." * * * * " So
Ion" as men m authority are enabled to go beyond the law
on the plea of their own dignity and power, the only limit
to their encroachments will be that of the public endurance.-'
Nothing can be more true than this remark.
But Lord Brougham has expressed himself in
words yet stronger, and, if possible, still more
applicable to the present case:
"All rights [says this consummate orator] are now utterly
disregarded by the advocates of privilege, excepting that of
exposing their own short-sighted impolicy and thoughtless
inconsistency. Nor would there be any safety for the people
under their guidance, if, unhappily, their powers of doing
mischief bore any pioportion to their disregard of what is
politic and just."—Lord Brougham's Speeches, vol. 4, p. 344.
With these remarks, I quit this question,
anxious only that the recent usurpation of the
Senate may not be drawn into a precedent here-
after.
The resolution was agreed to.
LAND CLAIM IN OREGON.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
374) for the relief of the Missionary Society of
the Methodist Episcopal Church. It directs that
there shall be paid to the Missionary Society of
the Methodist Episcopal Church the sum of
$20,000, upon filing in the proper Department a
release to the United States, to be approved by
the Attorney General, of all claim to the land
embraced within the limits of the military reser-
vation at the Dalles, in Oregon Territory; and of
all claim for damages for destruction of property
on or near the land by the United States troops
or volunteers or Indians at any time anterior to
the date of the release.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
PETITION.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a memorial from ship-
owners and others, of New York, remonstrating
against the enactment of any law conflicting with
the acts of March 2, 1837, and August 30, 1852,
in relation to steamers; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
INVASION OF HARPER'S I'ERRY.
Mr. GREEN submitted the folllowmg resolu-
