1120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13.
ing, and the next special order was ahead of it on
the Calendar. I should like to know if taking up
a bill that is a special order now, and making it
a special order for next Thursday, does not put
it behind other special orders that have precedence
to-day ? That was the old practice of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair calls the
special order always at the hour which has been
fixed for it hy the vote of the Senate, no matter
what may be the age of the measure; arid he lias
done that at all times.
Mr. WADE. On the motion of the Senator
from Tennessee, I call for the yeas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved and
seconded to postpone the homestead bill until
Thursday next, and to make it the special order
for half past one o'clock on that day. On this
question the yeas and nays are demanded.
Mr. HUNTER. As I understand the question
now, it is between having this bill the special or-
der for to-day, or the special order for T hursday
next, at half past one o'clock. If so, I shall vote
to .postpone it to Thursday next.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Cannot the question be
divided, so as to take the vote simply on the post-
ponement, without making the bill a special order?
1 am willing to postpone it,, but I would rather
not make special orders, as they seem to interfere
with the business of the Senate, in the opinion of
gentlemen.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sup-
poses the question is susceptible of division; but,
whenever we have undertaken to divide questions
of this sort, it has always resulted in great em-
barrassment and loss of time.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I withdraw the-request.
Mr. MASON. I have not looked back to the
rules, but my recollection is, that wherever a ques-
tion is susceptible of division, it is in the power
of any member to ask that it may be divided.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair says so.
Mr. MASON. I think this is one of those
questions clearly" susceptible of division, and I
should prefer, with the Senator from Nortli Car-
olina, that it should be divided. I will not speak
of my impressions of the bill now, but I should
be for putting it in any position in the world
where it would never be heard of again, if we can
do it. I ask that the question may be divided,
and that we may first vote simply upon the post-
ponement.
Mr. BAYARD. I, of course, am no advocate
of the homestead bill; but it seems to me, as a
question of order, if the motion is simply to post-
pone the special order to a given hour on Thurs-
day next, it remains a special order at that time,
unless the Senate should discharge the special
order. I do not see how it can be otherwise. The
bill is now the special order; and when you post-
pone the special order until Thursday, at half past
one o'clock, what makes it less a special order at
that time than it is now? If the motion was to
postpone it generally, of course it would lose its
character as a .special order; but the motion being
to postpone until half past one o 'clock on Thurs-
day, it seems to me, of necessity, it remains a
special order of the Senate at that time, unless the
Senate shall discharge it. Therefore, I do not
think the present motion can be divided. I do not
think it necessary to move to postpone it to that
hour, and to make it a special order; for it is al-
ready one, and it can only.be discharged by a
positive vote of the Senate, postponing it without
reference to time, or postponing it generally, or
Postponing it and discharging the special order,
therefore think the motion cannot be divided.
Mr. GWIN. I wisli to call the attention of the
Chair to the condition of business. When we
adjourned on Thursday last, the West Point ap-
propriation bill was before the Senate, and we
were voting upon an amendment, and there was
no quorum when the Senate adjourned. Friday
was private bill day. The Senate did not sit on
Saturday. Yesterday, before we got to the spe-
cial order, before the special order could be taken
up, a question of privilege came up, which con-
sumed the day. We then went into executive
session. Now, I make this point: the 15th rule
provides that
" The unfinished business in which the Senate was en-
gaged at the last preceding adjournment, shall have the
preterenee in tlie special orders of the day."
It seems to me the unfinished business of Thurs-
day last was the West Point appropriation bill;
and, as this is our first legislative day, out of the.
Private Calendar, since then, it is now the unfin-
ished business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator made
that point of order before. The Chair has given
his construction of the rule, and is prepared to
decide it now.
Mr. IVERSON. I think the Senatorfrom Cal-
ifornia is mistaken in relation to the facts, or rather
a portion of the facts. The rule is, that " the un-
finished business in which the Senate was en-
gaged at the last preceding adjournment"—that
xs, the adjournment of yesterday—shall have pref-
erence. The business in which the Senate was
engaged at the adjournment yesterday was the
Court of Claims bill, which the Senator from Del-
aware has under liis charge. That was the un-
finished business of yesterday when the Senate
adjourned, and, according to my impression, that
is the first order of the day to-day. It takes pre-
cedence of all special orders. Did the Chair de-
cide that bill was not under consideration yester-
day? ["Yes."] I was not aware of that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that the Military Academy bill, which was under
consideration on Thursday last, is not the unfin-
ished business, nor is the bill from the Judiciary
Committee the unfinished business, because it was
not taken up yesterday. Therefore, unless some
other motion be made, the Chair will call the at-
tention of the Senate to the state of the question.
The Senator from Tennessee moves to postpone
the homestead bill, which has been called up as
the special order at this hour, until Thursday
next,at half pastoneo'c]ock-;and make it the spe-
cial order for that day, at that hour. The Senator
from Virginia moves to divide the motion so that
the vote will first be on the motion to postpone it
to Thursday next. The Chair will state, in an-
swer to the suggestion of the Senator from Dela-
ware, that in cither event it will remain a special
order. If postponed to Thursday next, at half
past one o'clock and made the special order for that
hour, the Chair will call it up. If simply post-
poned to Thursday next, it continues still a spe-
cial order, like the others, but falls behind various
other special orders on the Calendar. The ques-
tion then is on postponing it until Thursday next;
and, on the whole question, the Chair understands
the yeas and nays have been demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is oil
the first branch of the motion of the Senatorfrom
Tennessee, to postpone the homestead bill until
Thursday next.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Then I under-
stand it to be in order, after it is postponed, to make
it the special order for half past one o 'clock on
that day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Senate
will vote on the last branch of the proposition.
Mr. BIGLER. I suggest that there is no ne-
cessity for calling the yeas and nays on the post-
ponement. Let the yeas and nays be taken on
making it the special order; but there will be no
division on the question of postponement.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand that the re-
quest for a division was withdrawn by the Sen-
ator from North Carolina.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Virginia renewed it. Is general consent given
that the first branch of the motion may be put
without the yeas and nays ?
Mr. WADE. I withdraw the call for the yeas
and nays on that branch of the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By general con-
sent, it may be done. ["Agreed."]
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The other branch
of the proposition is to make the bill the special
order for half past one o'clock on that day; and
on this question the yeas and nays are demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 31, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Bright, Chandler,
Coliamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doohttie, Douglas, Durkee,
Fessenden, Fitch, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Kale, Ilamhn,
Harlan, Hemphill, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Ten-
nessee, King. Nicholson, liice, Simmons, Sumner, Ten
Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bidder, Biagg, Cliesnut, Clay,
Clingman, Davis, Fitzpatriek. Gwm, Hammond, Hunter,
Iverson, bane, Latham, Matlory, Mason, Pearce, Powell,
Siidell, Thomson, Toombs, Wigiail, and Yuleo—&3.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I now ask that
the homestead bill be printed, so that it rhay be
considered in print by the Committee on Public
Lands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
printed, as a matter of course, under the rules.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. That will an-
swer the purpose.
THE COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. BAYARD. I move now that the Senate
take up the bill (S. No. 53) to amend "An act to
establish a court for the investigation of claims
against the United States," approved February
24, 1855.
Mr. WIGFALL. The proposition is to take
up the judiciary bill. That bill will undoubtedly
lead to debate. 1 believe that the West Point bill
will not; at least, 1 will not discuss it—I will not
be betrayed into a discussion. I suhmit to the
Senator from Delaware, that he allow that biil to
be taken up, and have it voted upon. It has been
fully discussed, and I presume every Senator has
made up his mind as to which side he will vote.
The bill would have passed on Thursday last,
but that there was no quorum. I have not pressed
this matter, though it is one of pressing import-
ance. I gave way, on Thursday last, to the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,]
in order that he might discuss a question which
he desired to discuss; and I supposed that after
that discussion was over, we should have a vote.
The bill was lost on Thursday, because those
opposed to it would not stay and vote against it.
I will not take up more time; but I ask that that
bill may be taken up, and that we may be allowed
to vote upon it.
Mr. BAYARD. I know no reason to suppose
that the one bill will be more likely to lead to de- .
bate than the other. So far as the indications
have gone, either way, I have just the same de-
termination that thehonorableSenatorfromTcxas
has, in reference to the bill which is reported by
the Judiciary Committee—that is, not to debate
it any further unless it is absolutely forced on me.
I cannot, however, see any necessity for further e
debate, because the question was discussed in the
Senate before, in all its aspects. I hope the bill
will be taken up. I think it is likely to be dis-
; posed of as rapidly as the other; and it seems to
j me there will be time enough for both, if we do
! not talk too much.
| Mr. MASON. I wish to say a single word in
: reference to the priority here. It has struck me
I that this bill, although for the usual ^expenses at
j West Point, having with it the amendment to
raise a regiment for Texas, is of a character that
I ought to give it precedence over any ordinary
business at least. I do not know how other Sen-
ators may have been impressed by the corre-
spondence recently sent to the Senate from the
Executive; but it admonishes me that there is
great urgency in having troops immediately on
that frontier. I shall not discuss the bill; I did
take some little part in it heretofore; but I think
with the Senator from Texas, it will either pass
or be rejected without further debate. There has
been a great deal of debate on it. I hope it will
be taken up. *
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved and
seconded to postpone the orders prior to the bill
S. No. 53 from the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What are the prior orders?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are many
prior orders. The first special order before the
Senate now, is the resolutions of the Senator from
Mississippi in reference to the protection of slave
property in the Territories.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the motion will pre-
vail, then.
Mr. GWIN. I shall not vote for this motion,
because I want the West Point appropriation bill
to come up.
The motion of Mr. Bayard was agreed to; and
the Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
(S. No. 53) to amend '"An act to establish a court
for the investigation of claims against the United
States," approved February 24, 1855, the pend-
ing question being on the amendment of Mr.
Halu, to add as a new section: +
Ami he it further enacted, That whenever any per.son Is
sued in any Federal court by the United Shite*. he shaJI
have leave to file an offset; and it, upon tlie trial, it ehaii be
a>certained that a balance i due him, the eouit shall is>ue
a certificate of the amount so found due him, anU upon
