3008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15.
tion; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Mesolvcd, That twenty thousand extra copies of the re-
ports of the majority and minority of the select committee
on the (larper'sFeiry invasion, with the testimony and ac-
companying papers, be printed for the use of the Senate.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had concurred in some and disagreed to
other amendments of the Senate to the bill of the
House (No. 305) making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending the 30th
of June, 18G1, and had agreed to certain other
amendments of the Senate to the said bill, with
amendments; in which the concurrence of the Sen-
ate was requested.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
The message further announced that the House
had passed a resolution adhering to its amend-
ment to the bill of the Senate (No. 416) to secure
homesteads to actual settlers on the public do-
main, and for other purposes, disagreed to by the
Senate.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message further announced that the House
insists upon its disagreement to certain amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 215)
waking appropriations for tile current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various In-
dian tribes, for the year ending June 30,18(51, and
upon the amendments to otheramendments of the
Senate to the said bill, disagreed to by the Senate;
ugrees to the conference asked for by the Senate
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses there-
on, and had appointed Mr. Tiiaddeus Stevens
of Pennsylvania, Mr. Emerson Etheiudge of
Tennessee, and Mr. Charles L. Scott of Cali-
fornia, managers at the same on the part of the
House.
ENIIOLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; which thereupon received the signature of
the Vice President:
A bill (H. It. No. 324) authorizing the sale of
the Western Military Asylum, at Jiarrodsburg,
Kentucky;
A lull (H. R. No. 5G4) making appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Depaitment for
the year ending June 30, J8C]; and
A bill (II, R. No. 819) providing for additional
terms of the United States circuit and district |
courts in the State of Kentucky.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Presi-
dent of the United States had approved and signed,
on the 13th instant, the following acts:
All act (II. It. No. 245) for the relief of Marvett
Van Buskirk; 7
An act (II. R. No. 8) for the relief of George
P. Marsh;
An act (H. R. No. 385) granting an invalid
pension to Keriah Wright, of New York;
An act (II. R. No. 44(5) for the relief of Eras-
tus Hutchins;
A n act (H. 11. No. 556)forthe relief of Francis
Lavonture and Pierre Gngnon; and
An act (H. R. No. 523) extending the charter
incorporating the German Benevolent Socicty of
Washington city, in the District of Columbia,
approved July 27, 1842.
REPORTS I?ROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. MALLOP^Y, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 423) tot tile relief of Philip 13. Holmes
and William Pedrick, reported it withoutamend-
ment.
Mr. NICHOLSON, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, to whom was referred the
bill (I-I. R. No. 415) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Daniel Bedinger, deceased, :
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation; which was agreed to. j
He also, from the Committee on Revolutionary \
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Alary A. Berault, heir and legal representative of j
the late Joseph Wiieatcm,a lieutenant in the rev- j
olutuinary war, praying to bo allowed the half I
pay promised by Congress to those who should
serve to the end of the war, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was agreed
to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the heirs of Thomas
Brady, a soldier in the war of the Revolution,
praying to be allowed bounty land, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the heirs of General
Daniel Morgan, praying to be allowed the amount
of depreciation on the commutation received by
their ancestor, asked to be discharged fiom its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills; in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 288) recognizing the survey of the
Grand Chcniere Island, State of Louisiana, as
approved by the surveyor general, and for other
purposes;
A bill (No. 807) to authorize the reissue of land
warrants in certain cases, and for other purposes;
A bill (No. 838) to change the name of the ship
Rockhall to Massachusetts;
A bill (No. 839) to amend an act approved the
3d day of March, 1847, entitled " An act to es-
tablish a port of entry at Saluria, in the State of
Texas, and for other purposes;" and
A bill (No. 840) for the relief of congressional
township number eight south of range number
three east, m Mercer county, Ohio.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following Senate bills:
A bill (No. 43) for the relief of Solomon Wads-
worth ;
A bill (No. 17G) for the relief of R. W. Carter;
A bill (No. 285) for the relief of John Brannan;
A bill (No. 450) to change the location of the
custom-house fur the district of Brazos de Santi-
ago, from Point Isabel to Brownsville, in the Slate
of Texas;
A bill (No. 118) for the relief of David Myerle;
aiul
A bill (No. 378) to relinquish the title of the
United Slates toceitain lands occupied by the city
of Baton Rouge, in Louisiana.
SUSPENSION OF TIIE RULES.
The message further announced that the House
had concurred in the resolution of the Senate, for
a suspension of tin- l(Uh and 17th rules for the
the residue of the present session.
SUMMONING OP WITNESSES.
Mr. BAYARD. I move that the Senate take
up the bill No. 496, in regard to the Sergeant-at-
Arms of the Senate and Sergeant-at-Arms of the
House of Representatives. I think the bill ought
to be disposed of, in order to prevent any possi-
bility of a conflict between the officers of the Sen-
ate and the decisions of the States.
Mr. FITCH. I dislike to oppose the proposi-
tion; but there was an informal understanding, a
few days since, ih.it the joint resolution (No. 22)
of the House of Representatives, in relation to the
public printing, should be taken up this morning.
1 trust thai understanding will be carried out, and
the joint resolution taken up. I admit the pro-
priety, and necessity even, of the bill which is the
subject of the motion of the Senator from Dela-
ware; but the bill to which I allude is a more
pressing necessity. It should be acted upon in
some manner at once.
Mr. BAYARD. I made a motion to take up
this bill theothei day, and it was then voted down
by a close vote, and 1 must insist on the motion
to take it tip. If there are objections to it, I am
unable to appreciate what they are. I should like
to hear what the objections are to the passage of
the bill. I ask for the yeas and nays on my mo-
tion.
The yeas and navs were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope we shall take up the
printing bill this morning. This is the last op-
portunity that we shall have. It is a very impoi t-
ant measure, and I think will occupy but a very
short time.
Air. HALE. I desire to state that I wish to
look eareiully before I pass the bill authorizing
the Sergeant-at-Arms, who is an officer of the
Senate here, to appoint a deputy in every State
of this Union. 1 do not believe in the necessity
of it; and I am unwilling to vote for the creation
of such a brood of officers, and sending this ex-
traordinary commission of the Sergeant-at-Arms
into every State of the Union, until it is found
necessary. I do not believe in it. Inthefirstplace,
I do not believe that the Senate, as a Senate, pos-
sesses powers which require the presence of an
executive officer in every State of the Union. I
do not believe there was any power in the Senate,
either by the Sergeant-at-Arms, if he had gone
there himself, or his deputy, to undertake what
he did undertake to do by deputy in the State of
Massachusetts. I believe we live under a written
Constitution. Believing that, I am opposed to
any such bill as this, and opposed to taking it up
Mr. BAYARD. I do not enter into the merits
of the bill on the question of taking it up; but I
will remark, in reply to the Senator from Now
Hampshire, that if the Senate does not possess
the power to summon witnesses in many cases,
then I think they will be in a deplorable condition
for performing their functions, be they legislative
or judicial. The power is conferred here merely
to authorize the ministerial officer to have power
to do what every common law officer can perform
according to the rules of law—appoint a deputy
for mere ministerial acts.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope this question will
not be decided on the merits of the two bills, but
upon the exigencies of the public service. It is
very important that the printing bill should be
acted on at once; but there can oe no necessity
for the other bill, until (he next session, certainly.
I hope, therefore, that this question will be de-
cided m the negative.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayatd, Bigler, Brace, Blight, Chesnut,
Clmginan, Crittenden, Davis, Fitzpatnck, Green, Hunter,
Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Kennedy, Lane, M.tllory,
Mason, Nicholson, Saulsbury, Slidoll, Wlgl'alJ, and Yll-
I ee—2d.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bm«ham, Brown, Cameron,
Chandler, Clark, Dixon, Dooliltle, Doikee, Fcs-endun,
Fitch, Foot, (iunies, Hale, Hamlin, Uarlan. Rice, Sewaul,
Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkin-
son, and Wilson—Uj.
4o the motion to take up the bill was not agreed
to.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. PITCH. Now, I renew my motion to
take up the joint resolution (II. R. No. 22) m
relation to the public printing.
Mr. HUNTER. I will suggest to the Senator
from Indiana that at twelve o'clock a special
order comes up; and it is very near tlyit time
now. a
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana moves to take up the House joint leso-
lution in relation to the public printing.
Mr. FITCH. 1 do not design debating it now,
or_at anytime, except, perhaps, to answer the
objections which may be urged to the majority
report. It is too late now for a debate for or
against the minority or majority report. I move
to make this joint resolution the special order for
to-morrow, at half past eleven o'clock, and all
succeeding mornings until it be disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana moves to make this joint resolution the
special order for half past eleven o'clock to-mor-
row, and at the same hour for succeeding morn-
ings until disposed of, to the exclusion of other
business.
The motion was agreed to.
LIGHT-HOUSE BILL.
Mr. HAMLIN. I-ask the consent of the Sen-
ate now to take up the light-bouse bill. I think
we can dispose of it within the five minutes that
aie left of the morning hour. There will be one
disagreeing vote between the two branches, and
I want the bill to go back to the other House. It
can be disposed of m a very lev/ minutes.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
m Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 350) making appropriations
for light-houses, beacons, buoys, &c.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. This is the House bill pre-
cisely, and it has been before members. I think
there is no necessity for reading it, unless some
