102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
nor pointed out in the instrument to revise or alter
or abolish it; but do not let us do it by stealth and
indirection.
I must notice one other paragraph of the speech
of the honorable Senator from Illinois. He said:
" Mr. President, I am satisfied that I am not understood
by the Senator from Alabama. 1 say that the negro has
the same natural rights that I have; and now 1 say it is
not a crime, under all circumstances, to hold a negro in
slavery."
Why does not the Senator, in the State of Illi-
nois, place the negro, he being a freeman, on the
same equal ground with himself?
Mr. TRUMBULL, If the Senator from Ten-
nessee will allow me, as he has dwelt on that
point, I will restate my position in regard to that.
I do insist that all men are created equal, by which
1 do not mean that all persons are equal in organ-
ized society. The fact is an abstract truth; but
when we come to form government and organize
Noeujiy, all persons do not have equal rights. If
the Senator from Tennessee denies that proposi-
tion, I would ask him, in the absence of all gov-
ernment, and when men are crcatcd without a
society, who is superior? And how is it that a
white man is superior to a black man, or a man
to a woman ? I take it that women are created
with the same natural rights that men have; but
they do not have the same political rights in so-
ciety. I understand that declaration which has
been quoted from the Declaration of Independ-
ence, and the same language in the Illinois con-
stitution, to mean simply an assertion of the great
natural truth that all men arc created equal, to
hold that up before the people of this country that
everybody may see it. Now, when we organize
our society, we will infringe as little on that great
natural right as possible; but no government is
perfect, and therefore we do in Illinois make a
distinction between whites and blacks; and we
make a distinction between the political rights of
men and women. "While we do that, we admit
the great God-given truth that all are crcatcd
equal.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. That is the
precise point at which we come to ascertain those
rights: it is when governments and societies are
to bo formed. Then we raise the question at once
whether this description of individuals is equal to
another description of individuals. The constitu-
tion of the Senator's own State assumes that all
members of the white race, the race for whom
they were making and forming government, were
equal, and created equal. An African may be
equal to liis fellows in his own country, sur-
rounded by his own kind of people, who are infe-
rior to the white race; but, because he is trans-
ferred here, or happens to be born on this continent,
he is not invested with the same lights with one
of our race; he is not created equal in the very
beginning. Tim distinction begins with the very
germ itself. It depends entirely upon where he is
born.
But I wish to ask the Senator a question. As-
suming equality to be the rule m a natural state
where there is no law, he assumes, then, that the
black man is created with the same rights that the
white man is. You assume that the power of the
Fcdeial Government is sovereign over a Terri-
tory. You now go into a community where there
are no whites established. Will you, under this
general idea of liberty, and this declaration that
all men are created equal, in the organization of,
your tcrritonalgovernment under your sovereign ]
power, make the negro equal to the white man? [
Will the Senator answer that? _ j
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator desire j
that I should answer him now? !
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Certainly, if j
you think proper. «
" Mr. TRUMBULL. I should be governed by ]
the circumstances of the people. I would not !
give to the negro population the same political j
rights that I would to the white population m j
every ease. I do not know that I would in any !
ease. When we come to form our political gov- I
eminent, it is a matter of expediency as to how
it shall be formed, in regard to the political rights
of the persons who are to compose it. i am not
prepared to say that I would give the same polit-
ical1 rights cither to females or to negroes that I
would to the white male population. Under or-
dinary circumstances certainly I .should not.be
in favor of such a proposition.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. President,
all that I want is, to get at the truth, and I want
no fog ormystificationaboutthesubject. Do not
understand me as assuming that the Senator is
intentionally throwingfog about it. The fog may
be on my part, not on his. But perhaps I can
make my proposition understood by asking an-
other question. If, for instance, the Territory of
Arizona was colonized and filled up with a free
colored population altogether, would the Senator
be willing to admit it into the Union as a State on
an equal footing with the other States of this Con-
federacy ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. My idea about the admis-
sion of new States is this: I would not admit any
community applying to become one of the mem-
bers of this Union, by the admission of which I
supposed T was endangering the peace of the
Union itself. In my judgment, as I said the other
day when discussing this question, there is a dis-
tinction between the white and the black races,
made by Omnipotence himself. I do not believe
these two races can live happily and pleasantly
together, or enjoy equal rights without one domi-
neering over the other, and therefore I advocate
the policy of separating these races by a system
which shall rid the country of the black race, as
it becomes free. I say I should not be prepared,
in the existing state of things, to admit, as a
sovereign State of this Union, a community of
negroes or of Indians either.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I thank the
Senator for the admission he has made, and I
wish to press the matter a little further. 1 think
we shall get together directly; I think we are
traveling in converging lines, and we are travel-
ing pretty much to the same conclusion. Suppose
the four million slaves in the slave States were
all emancipated, and were to fill up one of our
Territories and apply for admission here, it seems
to me the Senator's answer would apply to them
as well as to the question I have put. If I am
wrong in construing it so, he can correct me; but,
in his last remarks, he has admitted what I set
out to prove, which was opposed to the whole
tendency of his argument and the doctrine he laid
down a few days since, and what, it seems to me,
according to my understanding, the honorable
Senator has been denying. Pie admits to-day,
in his explanation, that the Creator himself has
made a difference between the black and the white
race.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not in their natural rights.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. He says the
difference begins with the \ cry origin of man. If
the Deity himself, according to the Senator's own
admission, has made a difference between the races,
how can they have been created with precisely the
same equal rights and privileges? The dilferencc
began with the Deity. The Senator, in his last
explanation, has conceded the whole ground; and
all this clamor and claptrap about liberty, and men
being created equal, falls to the ground, and the
construction which should be put on the Declara-
tion of Independence is clear and unobscured.
In speaking about the latter part of the second
resolution of the platform of his party, which puts
slavery and polygamy together as "twin relics of
barbarism,*' the Senator, in reply to a suggestion
of the Senator from Alabama, [Air. Clay,] said:
" Mr. Pi evident, i will not cavil about the woid 1 crime.-'
1 do not call it a crime m citizens of the South to hold s-htve?.
at all.
Mr. Clay. I*not polygamy a come?
" Mr. Trumbui.l. Polj yauiy i-> <i crime under some cir-
cumstances, but not always a cnnie I taki- it that poljg-
amy is no cnmc in Tiukey."
The Senator makes use of the word " crime,
and says polygamy is not a crime under all cir-
cumstances; he says so in two parts of the speech.
Mr. Pn sident, 1 am one of the last who should
begin to discuss a question of ethics; but for my-
self, in early life—and I have practiced upon it
since—I tried to lay down in my own mind cer-
tain great rules of right and wrong, truth and
falsehood, vice and virtue. According to my judg-
ment, and the teachings I have received, these
things exist; and, in my view, a thing cannot be
a crime m one place, and not a crime in another,
according to circumstances. I do not believe that
right and wrong arc conventional. We know
what the practice of the world is; in some nations
one thing is practiced and tolerated by law and
custom, and m another precisely the opposite.
But does that dispiove the great fundamental truth
of the proposition upon which all religion, upon
which all sound morals should rest, that there is
a great principle of right which lies at the founda-
tion of all things, and that the practices of this or
that nation cannot change or vary it? What sort
ofa teaching is the Senator's to a nation? Nations
must have morals, as well as individuals. Nations
must have a high appreciation of the right, as well
as individuals. If right and wrong, if truth and
falsehood, if vice and virtue, are to he mere con-
ventional terms, as morality or immorality may
prevail in particular localities, where will this
country and every other country go? Each in-
dividual will be a law unto himself, according to
that system of ethics; and to one man polygamy
will be right, and according to some other indi-
vidual it will be wrong.
Arc these the doctrines that are to be inculcated
in this country? Are the pulpits and moralists to
inculcate the idea that each man is to have his own
system of morals; that each man must judge of
right and of wrong; and that there is no rule, no
fundamental rule, by which this great principle
shall be determined ? I repeat, that I hold that, ac-
cording to my teachings, there is a great moral
principle of right which lies at the foundation of
all things; that it exists from eternity; that it
began with the Deity himself, and will continue
until the termination of His reign; that it reigns
throughout all time as deep and as pervading as
nature itself. Now, we are told m the Senate of
the United States, in the presence of this intelli-
gence, that polygamy may be right under some
circumstances, and wrong under others.
The next question comes up, under what circum-
stances is it right ? It is said to be right in Tin key;
which is given as an illustration, and to be wrong
here. If it is wrong, it violates a great truth, a
great moral truth, and no set of circumstances
can make it right. If my memory serves mo right,
I read the teachings or the doctrines of a professor
called Hoffman, who, I think, wrote about the
year 1598, just two hundred years before the Vir-
ginia resolutions were passed. I like to remem-
ber epochs, eras, and great events. He laid down
the doctrine that truth was susceptible of division
into two parts; and all that was true in philosophy
was false m theology, and all that was true m the-
ology was false m philosophy. This is a sort of
paradox; and yet he founded a sect, and many
Hocked to his standard, and inculcated the doc-
trines that he taught. It seems to mc that system
of ethics would suit the doctrines which have been
recently inculcated, and which proclaim that,
under the circumstances of Turkey, polygamy is
precisely right; while, under the circumstances of
the United States, it is precisely wrong. I suppose,
according to that system, all that would be right
m Turkey would be wrong in the United States,
and all that would be right here would be wrong
there. It seems to me, you might make another
application of it, and say that all that is right in
Republicanism is wrong in Democracy, and all that
is right in Democracy is wrong in Republican ism—
I mean modern Republicanism. I think wc shall
have to fall back on the teachings of Professor
HofFman, if the system of ethics recently incul-
cated is to be fastened on the country; but I trust
and hope it will not.
So much for the honorable Senator from Illinois
and his doctrines. I stated in the beginning that
what I was saying in reference to the Senator from
Illinois, was rather outside of the line of remark
which I intended to make on the occasion. 1
stated that I should endeavor to show that the re-
cent demonstrations made at Harper's Ferry had
been the legitimate result of certain teachings for
a great number of years m this country. I shall
begin by caliine: the attention of the Senate and
the country to doctrines promulgated in reference
to the North and South prior to the year 1800,
about ten years after the Federal Government was
formed, t propose to read an extract from the
fourth volume of Mr. Jefferson's works, an entry
under the head of December 13, 1803:
" The Rev. Mr. Coffin of New England, who is now here
soliciting donations for a college in Gr^t'nc county, Ten-
nessee, tells me that when he fir>t determined to cngase m
this enterprise, hewiote a paper recommendatory ot tbo
enterprise, which he meant to pet signed by clergymen, and
a similar one for persons m a civil chaiacter, at the head of
which he wished Mi. Adams to put his name, he being the
President of the United States, and the application gomg
only for hi« name, and not for a donation. Mr. Adams, after
leading the paper and considering, said lie saw no po^sibil-
bility of continuing tiie Union of the States; that their dib-
