3010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
payment of outstanding Treasury notes, to au-
thorize a loan, to regulate and fix the duties on
imports, and for other purposes.
! Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, in accordance
"with the instructions of the Committee on Fi-
nance, I move to postpone this bill until the sec-^
ond Monday in December next; but when I make'
that motion, 1 feel that it is due to myself, and to
those whose opinions I in part represent, to give
the reasons which have induced me to submit this
proposition.
I believe, in the first place, that this is not a
propitious time to consider this question. I think,
sir, that if we were to attempt it now, political
considerations would enter tar too largely into
any decision which we might make on the sub-
ject. In the second place, I am not convinced
that there is any financial necessity for changing
the present revenue system. I do not believe, as
has been charged by others, that it will not yield
revenue enough to carry on the Government upon
a scheme of just and economical expenditures.
On the contrary, I believe it will not only do that,
but that the day is not far distant when the rev-
enues from it will be so increased as to enable us
to apply a portion of them to the payment of the
public debt, and to pay off that with sufficient
rapidity.
Now, Mr. President, the question recurs, what
is a sufficient sum to enable us to carry on this
Government economically ? Mr. Guthrie, in 1857,
submitted a scheme fur a tariff with the intention,
as he said, of reducing the revenues from customs
to $50,000,000, because he thought it was ample,
inasmuch as for some three yeais previously the
annual expenditures of the Governmcnthad been
only some $48,000,000. I think, if I am not mis-
taken, that the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Moans in the House of Representa-
tives has, at this session, declared that, m his
opinion, $50,000,000 would be enough for the cur-
rent expenses of the Government. We have seen,
in the estimates of the Secretary of the Treasury
this year, that he says $51,000,000 and a fraction
will carry on the Government, exclusively of pay-
ing the interest on the public debt, which, added
to the $50,000,009, makes an amount something
like $54,000,000. I showed the other day, from
a table which I had received from the Treasury
Department, that we should probably not spend
more than $59,000,000 and a fraction tlus year,
including $4,500,000 of old Post Office deficiency,
or debt, winch would in fact reduce the expendi-
tures for the current service to a sum of between
454,000,000 and #55,000,000. That statement was
based upon an exhibit liom the Department it-
self, mostly from fact, very little upon estimate.
We know from the statement of the Department
of the actual expenditures of the first quarter, less
a technical charge which I mentioned the other
day, that for redeeming the Treasury notes—and
it is technical because it conferred a correspond-
ing resource in the power to reissue—that the
amount was a little over $15,000,000. We know
from aTreasury statement of the actual annual ex-
penditures of the succeeding three quarters, up to
the 26th of May, thutthey were about §39,000,000
This added to the estimate of expenditure from
the 26th of May to the 1st of July—namely,
$5,000,000—would give an expenditure of some-
thing more than $59,000,000 as the expenditure of
the present fiscal year. In this $50,000,000 are
included$4,500,000ofPo3t0ffice debt; thus bring-
ing the expenditure for the current service of the
year to a sum ranging between $54,000,000 and
$55,000,000. So that we have this question de-
cided in these various ways, which show the con-
curring opinions of gentlemen of different parties,
and of different Secretaries of theTreasury, that a
ia sum of between $54,000,000 and §55,000,000
would be enough for the current expenses of the
Government, and to pay the interest on the public
debt. This, too, would seem to be confirmed by
the experience of the present fiscal year.
If this be the fact—--and surely I think we
ought to get along with a yearly expenditure of
$54*000,000 or $5.5,000,000^—then all over that, the
excess beyond that, would be applicable to the
payment of the public debt. Now, sir, we know
that we shall get £54,000,000 this year, or there-
abouts, fiom the customs alone. Whatever we
get from the public hindi whatever we ^et from
miscellaneous sources, will be so much above what
the expenditures ought to be, and should furnish ,
a surplus to reduce the public debt. We know
that these receipts from custom s must i ncrease, and
increase rapidly. We have received $54,000,000
of customs at a time when the great Northwest
is scarcely consuming at all. Is it unreasonable
to suppose'that when she recovers her capacity
for consumption, it will so increase the income
from customs as to bring the revenue up to the
Secretary's estimate of something like $60,000,000?
We know, too, that the receipts from the public
lands, whenever these military land warrants shall
be paid off and absorbed, must increase largely.
If,then,this be true—andundoubtedlyitistrue—
we have a right to calculate upon an excess from
the receipts of customs alone, together with the
public lands, to enable us to discharge this public
debt with sufficient rapidity.
What fortifies the expectation of the Secretary
of the Treasury in the event that the Northwest
does resume its capacity to consume—and it is
said one good wheat crop would put her in that
condition—is the fact that our exports now are
largely beyond the imports, and increasing rapidly.
It is thought by some competentto judge,thatour
exports for this year will amount to §400,000,000.
We know that the true mcasuie of imports is that
of the exports, and, if any thing, the imports ought
to be a little more, if the profits upon the exports
come back in that shape. It is not overstating the
case, however, to say that the imports will equal
the exports. That the export of cotton is destined
rapidly to increase, we know from the fact of the
price which it is now bearing. We know, from
past experience, that the export of specie is going
to increase largely. We know it from the fact,
not only of the increase of hiboi, but from the dis-
covery of new metalliferous regions.
Now, sir, I say all this justifies us in the belief
that the revenue from customs is likely to grow,
and to grow with sufjjeient rapidity, above its
present point of$54,000,000,in time to redeem tlus
debt. Why, sir, under the tariff of 1846, the ic-
ceipts doubled in something like ten years. If we
supposexpnly half of that ratio increase under this
tanij^we will luul that we shall soon have a reve-
nue which will be abundant for all ofour purposes.
1 know it has been said that there will be diffi-
culty in getting along next year; and some Sena-
tors seem to tlunk that I had led the Senate astray
by estimates m past time. 1 think, if they will
look to the past, they will find I have only argued
upon the estimates as submitted by the Secretary
of the Treasury. 1 said, the year before last, that
without adding to the public debt, they would be
able, from the means at their disposal, to get
through the last year; and it turned out to be true.
I saiil last year, we would get tluotigh this year
without adding to the public debt; and it turns
out to be true. We shall probably have a surplus
of between $6,000,000 and $7,000,000 on the 1st
of July next; and that, too, after having paid these
$4,500,000 of old Post Ofiice deficiency, which 1
reckon, and have a right to reckon, as debt. I say,
as far as 1 can scan the estimates of the Secretary
of the Treasury, it is likely we shall have a suf-
ficient balance next year to enable ustocairy out
the current expenses of the Government, and to
pay the interest on the public debt. Why, sir,
I showed you the other day, taking his own esti-
mates upon the ordinary and usual principles of
calculation, that there must be a surplus of some-
thing like $1^,000,000, and perhaps $16,000,000,
upon some views of the case; that is, supposing
that he will receive what we know he will receive
this year, and what he estimates he will receive
the next. Rut let us suppose he is in error as to
next year; that he falls §5,000,000 short of it;
when we come to deduct that from fifteen, it still
leaves us a surplus of something like $10,000,000,
which would enable us to meet all that will be
probably added to the estimates, and leave a sur-
plus in the Treasury. At any rate there i.y no
fear, if the provision for a loan should pass the
House, but that we will meet here in December
next without finding the Treasuiy in straits or
difficulties, and with abundant time to remodel the
tariff, if it should be necessary to do so.
Now, Mr. President, if theie be no financial
necessity for acting upon the tariff or changing it
at this tune, is there anything in the condition of
the great industrial interests of the country which
should prompt us to do so? Why sir, it was but
yc&\Lerday that 1 was looking over the Economist,
one of £jie leading papers on this subject in New
York, in which it was stated that the manufac-
turing interests never were in such a condition of
prosperity. Have any of the manufacturers comc
here to us to complain or to ask for new duties?
If they have, I am not aware of it, with the ex-
ception, perhaps, of a petition or two presented
early'in the session by the Senator from Connec-
ticut, [Mr. Foster.] Is it not notorious that if
we were to leave it to the manufacturers of New
England themselves, to the manufacturers of tex-
tile fabrics, hardware, &c., that there would be a
large majority against any change ? Do we not
know that the woolen manufacture dates its re-
vival from the tariff of 1857, which altered the
duties upon wool? We see, from the reports of
prices given by the Secretary of the Treasury in
his last annual report, that the prices of raw wool
for the last two years have been quite as good as
they were igi the two years previous.
Then, if there be nothing in the condition of
manufactures to induce the change, what other
industrial interest is there which demands it? Not
the producers of cotton, for we know that the
average prices, the last two years, have been a
cent higher than the average of prices for the two
preceding years, under a different tariff. Wo
know, too, so far as this change is operating upon
ourforeign trade, that it is increasing our direct
trafro with the continent; that it is decentralizing
our commerce, which formerly had concentrated
in England; and that a larger proportion is going
directly to the continentof Europe; thus, not only
enabling the cotton planter to get more for his
cotton, because it diminishes the expenses of car-
rying it to the place of consumption, but also giv-
ing to our ships a chance to compete upon better
terms, and to carry a larger proportion of freights
abroad; bceauso, with the exception of the Hanse
Towns, they compete on better terms with the
navigating and shipping interests of the conti-
nent, than they do with those of England.
I had an estimate prepared at the Treasury
Department, which will show something in rela-
tion to this change that is taking place in our com-
merce. I find, upon examining it, that whilst in
the year 1856, which was a year of expansion,
we exported directly to the continent $84,156,987;
but in the last year (and it is to be remembered
that commerce had not,then entirely levived) we
exported directly to the same place $92,561,425.
We find, too, from the same statement, that our
direct commerce with France has increased large-
ly. Instead of being about $42,500,000, as m
1856, it is now about $44,300,000. So, too, with
the Austrian dominions; and so I could go through
some of the principal countries of Europe, and
show that already the tide of direct trade is begin-
ning to change, and more and more of our exports
going directly to the continent. There is reason
that it should bo so; for the reduction in the tariff
operated beneficially upon the trade in those arti-
cles winch we get in return from the continent—
upon their wines, their silks, and their linen.
If this be the case, Mr. President; if it be true,
as this report of the Secretary shows, that whilst
all this has been going on, the price of articles
that we have exported, such as cotton, tobacco,
&c., has not diminished, but rather increased,
may I not ask what is there in the condition of
the industrial interests of the country to wan-ant
the change ? Why, sir, to prove that the manu-
facturing interest is benefiting under it, the ex-
ports of American manufactures arc increasing
rapidly and largely. In the last two years they
have been in excess of what they were any two
years of the previous tariff. For the two'years
1856 and 1857, these manufactures amounted to
about $60,000,000; for the last two years, 1858
and 1859, they were over $64,000,000. The im-
port for the present year will be larger than ever
before. What, then, is the interest that com-
plains? The iron interest, I know, comes here
to ask for protection. It cumplains that it has
been in a state of deep depression; and, to some
extent., I admit the fact; but I believe it is to be
traced to very different causes. It is to be traced
to the panic and revulsion of 1857. We all know
that the railroad bubble had produced an extraor-
dinary and unusual demand for iron. A larger
number of furnaces had sprung into existence
than could be worked profitably under the usual
demand for iron in the average state of trade in
the country. When this bubble burst, and all
was exploded, of course a number of these fur-
