1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
20673
along the Red River of the North and at Pembina
on the Canada line, known as a part of the Sel-
kirk Settlement.
Dakota, composed of the central portion of Ne-
braska and what is known as the southern por-
tion of Dakota, south of a lineNfrom the head of
Big Stone lake due west to the Missouri river,
and thence along the Missouri river to the
forty-sixth degree of north latitude to Wasli-
ington Territory, and bounded on the south by
the Missouri river, from the mouth of the Big
Sioux to the mouth of the Niobrara, and along
that river to the one hundred and second degree
of longitude west from Greenwich, then along
said meridian to the forty-third paralled of north
latitude, and by that parallel to the eastern bound-
ary of Washington, contains about-one hundred
and forty-five thousand square miles and a popu-
lation, so far as we are informed, of about six or
seven thousand.
Idaho, an Indian word signifying " Gem of the
Mountain," is the name the committee propose
for the Territory composed of part of what is now
included in the Territories of New Mexico, Utah,
Nebraska, and that portion of the Territory of
Kansas not included within the limits of the pro-
posed State of Kansas; bounded on the north by
the forty-first parallel of north latitude, on the east
by the one hundred and second meridian of lon-
gitude west from Greenwich, on,the south by the
thirty-seventh parallel of north latitude, and on
the west by Green river; containingabout one hun-
dred and twenty-five thousand square miles, and
a population of from fifteen to twenty thousand.
Nevada, composed of that portion of Utah west
of the one hundred and fourteenth meridian of
longitude, and that portion of Washington be-
tween the forty-second and forty-third parallels of
north latitude and Oregon and Green river, and
so much of New Mexico as lies between the
Virgin river and California, contains about one
hundred and fifty thousand square miles, with a
population of some ten or twelve thousand, and
rapidly increasing by reason of the silver discov-
eries along the base of the Sierra Nevada.
Arizona, composed of that portion of New Mex-
ico west of the one hundred and eighth meridian
of west longitude and east of California and the
Virgin river, comprises about one hundred and
thirty thousand square miles, and a population of
probably about six or seven thousand.
The existing Territories would contain respect-
ively—Washington, one hundred and sixty-five
thousand square miles; Nebraska, one hundred
and twenty-five thousand; Utah, seventy-five
thousand; and New Mexico, one hundred and
ten thousand.
Now, sir, aside from the wants of the people
in those Territories for organized governments,
the committee were to a great extent controlled,
in deciding upon this number of Territories, by
the belief that Congress would at this session
pass the bill now pending in the Senate establish-
ing three overland mail routes to the Pacific, and
discontinue the ocean service. If so, there would
be one line tri-weekly passing through the entire
length of the more northern of these Territories,
which we call Chippewa; one through Arizona
tri-weekly; and one dally through Utah, Idaho,
and Nevada. These lines would run along the
great arteries of emigration and settlement; and
they would therefore, besides affording enlarged
mail facilities to the country at much less expense
than now, afford also to the inhabitants better
and eheaper protection for the frontier than forts
or armies. The contractors would have to fix
their own stations and provide for their own
defense; in doing which, ihey necessarily afford
protection to the whole neighborhood. So these
routes would be the means of affording protection
to the emigrants and frontier settlers against In-
dian depredations. The seat of government of
a territorial organization is, in the judgment of
your committee, a far better, safer, and cheaper
protection than any other that the Government can
afford, not only for the settler and emigrant, but
to facilitate this intercourse with the extremes of
the continent. Therefore, the committee -thought
it advisable to organize these five Territories.
The northern one extends along the northern
route, and covers the Black Feet, Sioux, and other
Indians, who roam the country about the mouth
of the Yellowstone and are hostile in their dis-
positions towards the Government. The organ-
ization of Chippewa Territory will afford more
protection against the hostilities of these Indians,
for- the purposes above indicated, than any fort
with an armed garrison could possibly give.
Prom the seat of government of the Territory of
Chippewa would not be a long distance to Fort
Benton, and from there would' be but a short
reach into Washington. The nucleus of popula-
tion in Idaho would afford protection, as an inter-
mediate point, between the States and Utah; and
that of Nevada would do the same thing for the
region between Utah and California.
These Territories along this central line, which
is proposed to be a daily, would give protection
not only to the overland mail routes, but to the
settlers already there, and to the emigration that
it will encourage. On the southern route you
have, as an intermediate point between Texas and
California, the seat of government of the Terri-
tory of Arizona, to protect it against the depreda-
tions of these Indians, who have committed such
great havoc, not only upon our own citizens, but
upon the citizens along the frontier of Mexico.
Believing that this mode of defense is far bettor
and cheaper for the Government than armies and
forts, your committee propose to establish these
Territories as a system covering the whole terri-
tory of the Government; and thus to protect the
frontier, and shield our emigrants from Indian
hostilities and depredations. The army are sent
out into the wilderness, and establish forts for the
protection of our citizens. The Indians visit the
white settlements, and massacre its inhabitants,
and set your army at defiance by marauding al-
most under the guns of the fort. But with the
nucleus of a territorial government—with its white
men with homes to protect—this cannot be done
with impunity, especially if you have the self-
interest of mail contractors to shield and protect
settlements; for thereby they are protecting them-
selves. It is cheaper and better, in every view,
to open the wilderness, and at the earliest possi-
ble moment place there the nucleus for a territo-
rial organization, around which shall center a
government shielding and protecting its present
occupants and the emigrants, as they go forth
from the Atlantic to the Pacific coast. It can be
done at far less expense than it costs to send ar-
miesand transport provisions. The transportation
of the Army of the country has run up, in the last
few years, to an enormous extent. And why?
Because you send them into the wilderness, and
then transport, for thousands of miles, all that is
necessary for their support. When you establish
territorial governments for the piotection of the
people there, you have none of that expense; be-
cause each man supports himself, and while pro-
tecting his own fireside, protects his neighbor's,
and thus furnishes security against Indian hostil-
ities, and against the vicious and evil-disposed,
who lie m wait along the routes of the emigrant
trains for plunder, pillage, destruction, and death.
These considerations influenced the committee m
decidingupon the organization of fiveTemtories,
which would cover the three great overland routes
of travel to the Pacific, and furnish this protec-
tion and all its advantages with far less cost than
it can be done in any other way.
Now, in regard to the population of this Ter-
ritory of Idaho, commonly called Pike's Peak,
fifteen thousand American citizens have been
thrown into that wild regign, and are left to rely
upon mob law for their tftvn protection. They
are under the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of
the Congress of the United States; and is it not a
dereliction of duty for Congress to leave any por-
tion of American citizens, exclusively under its
jurisdiction, without the safeguards of law and
the protection of an organized government? By
organizing this system of territorial courts, offi-
cers and civil government are provided for these
pioneers, while you secure these other great ad-
vantages in the development of the wilderness.
In Nevada, at the Washoe silver mines, there is
a large population far removed from the seat of
government of Utah, and they need the protec-
tion of some government. In these other Terri-
tories which the committee propose to establish,
while it is true that there is less population, there
is, nevertheless, an imperative necessity for their
organization for the protection of the settlers; and
the other considerations to which I have referred
apply with equal force to these Territories.
We must remember that the Territories of the i
Union have no other law-making power for them
save the Congress of the United States. They
are not under the jurisdiction of any State author-,
ities. They are under no earthly civil jurisdiction
save that of the Congress of the United States,
The Constitution 'makes Congress the trustee for .
this great empire outside of the organized States, '
now owned or that may be acquired; and as the
trustee, we are bound so to administer the trust
as best to advance the interests of the cestui que -
trusts. How can you do it better than by devel- :
oping this wilderness in the shortest time, and
building it up into great States? In this way
Congress discharges its duty to itself and to the
people; but in no other. Congress organizes a
government, and pays its expenses, because the
first settlers who go into a new Territory to peo-
ple the wilderness are not able, either in numbers
or wealth, for some years at least, to pay the ex-
pense of supporting an organized government.
Hence, Congress being the only law-making
power for the Territories under the,Constitution,
which power it may exercise itself or delegate to
the people of a Territory, it is the imperative duty
of Congress to see that the safeguards of law are
thrown around every citizen reposing under the
shadow of the Constitution. It seems ta the
Committee on Territories that it is the duty of
the House to provide temporary governments
for the people who have been lured to the base of
the Rocky Mountains in large numbers in the
pursuit of gold, as well as for that other numerous
people at the base of the Sierra Nevada, who are
now engaged in digging precious metals and de-
veloping the material resources of that vast region
while building up great empires to be added to
the Confederacy. In the other three Territories,
the considerations that I have mentioned are suf-
ficient reasons why they should be organized.
I would now inquire if my motion te recommit
lias been entered?
The SPEAKER. The motion hasbeen entered.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. 1 came into the House this morn-
ing expecting that these bills would not be taken
up until to-morrow. These bills were postponed
yesterday, on the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania himself, until to-morrow.
Mr. GROW. Everybody seems to understand
what was done yesterday differently.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. They were post-
poned on the gentleman's own motion, and now
he is calling them up.
Mr. GROW. On yesterday, when I reported
the bill for the organization of the Territory of
Idaho, I moved thatthatbill with its amendments
and the business of yesterdaybepostponedtill Sat-
urday, in order that the tariff might be disposed
of. I proposed then to the House that all the
amendments which gentlemen wished to offer
should lie printed, with a notice to the House that
1 wished to-day to take up the business of the
present Territories. I moved this morning to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union for that purpose, but the House refhsed
to do it. So the regular order of business became
the call of committees. The Committee on Ter-
ritories was first called; and, as chairman of the
committee, I had to report these bills, or I might
not, perhaps,have any opportunity to do so. Be-
ing charged with this business, it is my duty to
see that it does not fail by any neglect of mine,
and I must therefore consult my own judgment
as to the proper course to pursue under the cir-
cumstances.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Tlie. gentleman,
in consulting his own convenience, ought not to
deceive his friends.
Mr. GROW. There has been no deception.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. The gentleman
ought not to make a statement one day and refuse
to stand by it the next.
Mr. GROW. I decline to yield further. The
gentleman is mistaken in his facts, and, therefore,
fails in his conclusions. I have not made a state-
ment one day and refused to stand to it the next.
Mr. GOOCH. For the purpose of makingthe
matter plain, I propose that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania shall have read from the Globe what
actually took place. It will turn out that he said
expressly he moved to postpone until Saturday
the territorial business of that day—the territorial
business of Thursday—not all the territorial busi-
