1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103
solution must ncce-sarily take place; tliat he, therefore,
saw no propiietyin rccommcnding to New England men
to piomote a literaiy institution in the South; that it was,
in fact, giving strength to those who weie to be their ene-
mies; ana, therefore, he would have nothing to do with it."
Thus we find that prior to the year 1800, when
a simple application was made to the eldef Adams
for the use of his name by a New England man,
the Rev. Charles Coffin, to solicit subscriptions
to aid in building up an institution in the South,
it was refused on the ground that the South would
ultimately become, and was then in point of fact,
the enemy of the North; and that as dissolution
would finally take place, it was a bad investment
for northern men to put their funds in southern
institutions. I referred to ihiscircumstancc, which
is familiar to me, as a beginning point, as a speci-
men brick of the building out of which this whole
fabric has been reared against the South and
southern institutions. In the Twenty-Seventh
Congress, at the extra session, John Gtuincy Ad-
ams said, upon the celebiated 21st rule, prohibit-
ing the reception of abolition petitions:
k' lie would hay that, if the free portion of this Union
were called upon to expend their Mood and their ttca«uie
to support that eau^e which had tlio cur^e and the dis-
pleasure of tho Almighty upon it, he would <-av that this
name Congress would sanction an expenditure of blood and
of treasure, for that cause itself would conic within the
constitutional action of Congress; that theie would be no
longer any pretension that Congiess had not the right to
interfere with the institution4! of the South, inasmuch as
the. very tact ot the people ot a fiec portion of the Union
marching to the suppoit of the masters, would be an intoi-
ference with those institutions; and that, in the event of a
war (the result of which 110 man could tell) the tteaty-
making power comes to he equivalent to univuisaJ eman-
cipation.-'
And do we not see the whole idea, to get up n
foray, make a descent on a southern State, estab-
lish a provisional government, and if the Federal
Government is called upon to interfere, under the
treaty-making power, we will emancipate all your
slaves ? This idea liar, been longer inculcated than
many are willing to believe. Mr. Adams's speech
continues:
" Tins was what he had then said ; and he would add to
it now, that, in his opinion, it the decision of this Hou^e,
taken two days ago, should be reversed, and a rule estab-
lished that the House would receive no petition on this
subject, the people of the Noitli would be ipso facta ab-
solved fiom all obligation to obeyany call from Congress."
Here is the whole doctrine laid down, broad and
wide, upon which these recent depredations were
to be committed. They have been the result of
teachings like these. Tfhc idea was thrown out
as to the manner in which the Federal Govern-
ment could be caused to interpose, and how, by
its interposition, under the treaty-making power,
all the southern slaves were to be emancipated.
This was what Mr. Adams said in the Twenty-
Seventh Congress—sixteen years ago. About
that time, in a letter written to the Abolitionists
of Pittsburg, on the subject of anti-slavery socie-
ties, he said:
u On the subject of abolition, abolition societies, anti-
slavery societies, or the liberty pail}, I have never been a
member of any of them. But, m opposition to siaveiy, 1
go as fai as any of these; mv sentiments, { believe, very
nearly accord with theirs. That slavery will be abolished
In this couutrx, ami throughout the world, I firmly believe.
Whethei it shall be done peaceably oi by blood, God only
knows; but it will be accomplished, T have no doubt; and,
by whatever way, 1 say let it come."
If it is to come by blood, let it come; that was
his language then. Now, let me ask my brethren
of the North, what are wc to infer from teachings
like these ? We find that, before 1800, it was
predicted by prominent, influential men, that this
Union was not to stand; that the South was your
enemy. In 1840, 1841, and 1842, we find the same
doctrine reiterated by Mr. Adams the second. We
find in the letter, which I have just read, that he
says he firmly believes the end will come; and,
by whatever means, even if it comes by blood,
let it come. Are we prepared to submit to a state
of things like this? Are wc to hear these teach-
ings year after year, and behold the recent devel-
opments, and say that wc feel no apprehension?
If I were to go into the speeches of Senators 1
could show you that the same idea and the same
doctrine, in reference to a dissolution of these
States, has been inculcated by the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] and the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Wade.] We find the same doc-
trine promulgated by the Senator from New York
[Mr. Seward] in a remarkable speech delivered,
not in this body, but before a portion of his con-
stituents. I remarked before, that I presented a
specimen brick, and I want to follow it up. I
speak now of Mr. Seward as a politician, making
a spcech to the people at Rochester, as I have a
right to do, and I shall not misrepresent him if I
know it. In that speech, the honorable Senator
from New York said:
" Hitherto, the two systems have existed in different
States, hut side by side within the. American Union. This
has happened because the Union is a confederation of States.
Cut in another aspect the United States constitute only one
nation. Increase of population, which is tilling the States
out to their very holders, together with a new and extended
net-woik of railroads and othei avenues, and an internal
cormneice which daily becomes more intimate, is lapidiy
bunging the States into a higher and more perfect social
unity or consolidation. Thus these antagonistic systems
are continually coming into closer contact, and collision
results."
The Senator continues—I want to quote him
fully and fairly, and not tear a portion of the
speech from the context, and thus do him injus-
tice:
u Shall I tell jou what this collision means? They who
think that it K accidental, unnecessary, the woik of nucl-
eated or fanatical agitators, and therefore ephemeral, mis-
take the case altogether. It is an inopie«sible conflict be-
tween opposing and enduring forces, and it means that the
United States must and will, sooner oi latci, become either
entirely a slaveliolding nation, or entirely a fier-laboi na-
tion. Either the cotton and nee fields of South Carolina
and tho sugar plantations of Louisiana will ultimately be
tilled by tree laboi, and Charleston and New Orleans be-
come maits for legitimate merchandise alone, or else the
rve fields and wheat fields of Massachusetts and New York
must again be suirendered by thcirfarmeistoslaveculture,
and to tin production of slaves, and Boston and New Yoik
become once more markets for trade in the bodies and souls
of men. It is the failure to appiehend this great tiuth that
induces so many unsuccessful attempts at final compromise
between the slave and free States, and it is the existence
of this gieat fact that renders all such pretended compro-
mises, when made, vain and cphemeial. Startling as this
saying may appear to you, fellow-citizens, it is by no mean*
an onginal or even a modern one."
The doctrine here proclaimed is, that there is
an irrepressible conflict between slave labor and
free labor. I hope the Senate will pardon me if
I digress again from the line of my argument, to
combat what, as I conceive, isa false proposition,
which has no foundation in truth. The premises
of the Senator are wholly incorrect; but, as long
as the conclusions drawn from them are not com-
bated, they have the same strength as if the prem-
ises were correct. Now, sir, is there, in fact, a
conflict between slave labor and free labor? If I
know myself, I want to be fair and honest on this
subject: and as humble as I conceive myself to
be, and as poor an estimate as I put on any argu-
ment of m3iic,I wish to God that I might to-day
speak to the citizens of every free State in this
Confederacy, and could get them, with unprej-
udiced minds, to look at this proposition as it is.
What, sir; a conflict, an irrepressible conflict be-
tween free and slave labor! It is untrue. It is
a mistaken application of an old principle to an
improper case. There is a conflict always going
on between capital ond labor; but there is not a
conflict between two kinds of labor. By soph-
istry and ingenuity, a principle which is con-
ceded by all,"is applied to a wrong case. There
is a war always going on between capital and
labor; but there is a material difference between
two desmptions of labor, and a conflict between
labor hi the aggregate on the one hand and cap-
ital on the other.
Where is the conflict? We know that as far
as labor and capital arc concerned, labor is al-
ways trying to get as much capital for labor as it
can; on the other hand capital is always trying
to get as much labor for capital as it can. Hence
there is an eternal warfare going on between cap-
ital and labor, labor wanting to absorb capital
and capita) wanting to absorb labor. Does that
make a conflict between two kinds of labor? Not
at all. Where is the conflict m the United States
between slave labor and free labor? Is the slave
who is cultivating the nee fields in South Caro-
lina, is the slave who is following the plow in the
rich and fertile plains of Mississippi, m competi-
tion with the man who is making boots and shoes
in New York and Massachusetts? Is there any
conflict between their labor? Is there any con-
flict between the man who is growing mules
and hogs and horses in the State of Ohio, and
the man in the South who is raising cotton, rice,
and tobacco with his slaves ? The assumption is
false, and upon these false premises a conclusion
has been drawn which has deluded thousands of
honest men in the country.
Instead of there being a conflict, an irrepressible
conflict, between slave labor find free labor, I say
the argument is clear and conclusive that the one
mutually benefits the other; that slave labor is a
great help and aid to free labor, as well free
labor to slave labor. Where does the northern
man go, to a very great extent, with his manu-
factured articles? He goes to the South for a
market, or the southern merchant goes to the
North and buys them. With what does he buy
them ? Does he buy them with the product of labor
that is in conflict with his labor ? No. What then ?
He buys them with the product of cotton, of rice,
of tobacco, and of sugar. Is that conflict? The
fact that he can produce these articles with slave
labor, enables him to get the means, and some-
times a superabundance «f means, by which he
can pay higher prices for articles raised in the
North.
Again, when a man raises mules and hogs in
the est and Southwest, and another man raises
cotton in the South, by means of his slaves, is
there, as I before inquired, any competition, any
irrepressible conflict between them? None. It is
not entitled, in point of fact, to be dignified with
the appellation of an argument; it is sophistry,
the product of ingenuity, calculated, if not in-
tended, to deccivc thousands of honest laboring
minds. Sir, I had been vain enough to think that I
could satisfy a northern man, strip him of his prej-
udices, that the southern man who has his capital
invested in slave labor, is his best friend. Let us
analyze this alittle more, and see where it will carry
us to. You talk about a slave aristocracy. Ifitis
an aristocracy, it is an aristocracy of labor. What
kind of aristocracy have you in the North ? Cap-
ital and money. Which is the most odious in its
operations—an aristocracy of money or an aris-
tocracy of labor? Which is the most unyielding?
Which is the most exacting ? Every man has the
answer in his own mind.
But to illustrate still further. The southern
man puts his capital into labor. He commcnccs
the production of cotton, or any other product
peculiar to slave labor. Is he not interested in
obtaining the highest price for slave labor? His
capital is in slave labor. His talent, his mind,
and his influence are employed to make slave
labor productive, and, at the same time, to make
it yield the greatest amount in dollars and cents;
and just in proportion as he can find new mar-
kets, devise more ways and means for consump-
tion, and thereby increase the price, in the very
same proportion iio increases his means—to do
what? Whenever you see cotton and the other
great staple of the South run up in price, docs
not everything increase in price, does not every
article manufactured at the North run up corre-
spondingly ? Thus the southern man, in obtain-
ing the highest price for the product of his capi-
tal invested in labor, gets the means by which he
pays the highest price for labor. He is interested
m getting the highest price for his products, and
by doing so he becomes enabled to pay the high-
est price for free labor, and he is the most reliable
advocate and the best friend of the laboring man
at the North. Who can contradict the proposi-
tion? He is interested in obtaining the highest
prices, and he pays corresponding prices for
everything that he consumes. Who gets the
benefit of it?
As I said just now, there is a conflict going on
between capital and labor. Do we not know that
a man who has his thousand dollars invested in
a slave producing cotton, is interested in the pro-
duct of that labor, while the man who has his
thousand dollars invested in money is interested
in reducing the price of labor. Capital at the
North is the oppressor of the laboring man.
There is where the oppression is; there is where
the irrepressible conflict exists. It is between
the dollars and cents of the North and the free
labor of the North, not between slave labor and
free labor.
If I were disposed, Mr. President, I might press
this point still further. I have no doubt that in
the event of a dissolution of this Union, Great
Britain would try for a time to make friendly
terms with the southern States, because it would
be to her interest to do so. The North manu-
factures and so docs Great Britain. Her capital
does not consist in labor; it consists in money,
which is always arrayed against labor. Leaving
that out of view, however, the reason why Great
Britain is so deeply interested in the abolition of
slavery in the United States is plain, and it must
