2069
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. It was understood
all over the House that all this business was post-
poned until Saturday.
The SPEAKER. That matter has already
been raised two or three times, and decided by
the Chair.
Mr. GROW. I will read from the Globe just
what I said, yesterday:
" I want to see if the House will agree to the proposition
which I made-a &hort time ago; it is to let the bill btandas
it in now, in the same relation to the business of the House,
and postpone the further consideration of the territorial
business of to-day till Saturday. Then let ail the amend-
ments which gentlemen desire to offer, be printed; and
when the bill comes up, gentlemen can vote down pending
amendments, so as to be able to offer others if they desire
to do so.
"I desire to say, in answer to the gentleman from Ala-
bama, that no injustice can be done to any part of the
House by letting the business stand in the same position
that it is now in. I certainly cannot consent that the bill
shall be placed in a woise position than it now occupies.
If sent to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, it will go to the loot of the Calendar. I propose to-
morrow to go into committee and take up the bills relating
to the organized Teiritones. I propose to devote the bal-
ance of the tune to the consideration of these bills, taking
one of them as a test."
Now, it will be seen that my motion was to
postpone the business of yesterday simply, which
was the report already made and the business on
the Calendar, and it could, of course, include re-
ports not made. It was the only way by which
we could go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and consider the tariif
bill; otherwise this territorial business, being the
special order, would have superseded the tariff,
which it was desirable to dispose of then. It was
my wish, this morning, to go into the Committee
of the Whole, and dispose of the business of the
organized Territories, as I indicated yesterday,
and not require their interests to be sacrificed to the
consideration of new Territories, when they could
come up just as well afterwards.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I move to post-
pone this business until to-morrow.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman cannot make that
motion until he gets the floor; and if he and other
gentlemen understood the rules a little better, and
paid attention to the business as it takes place,
there would be a gpod deal less trouble in under-
standing, or rather in misunderstanding, what is
done.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I said that my purpose was
to go into the Committee of the whole on the
state of the Union this moruing, and dispose of
the business on the Calendar relating to the or-
ganized Territories; and then the regular order
would be to take up the consideration of new Ter-
ritories. In that way the business of the organ-
ized Territories would not have been overslaughed
by these propositions to establish new ones. The
House, however, having failed to adopt my prop-
osition to go into committee, I am compelled to
report these bills on this call of committees, which
I shall do in their order. *
I am asked what Territories we propose to or-
ganise, and the names. We propose to organize
the northern portion of the Territory of Nebraska,
and what is now called Dakota, into a Territory
with the name of Chippewa. We propose to or-
ganize a Territory out of the other portion of
Dakota and a portion of Nebraska, by the name
of Dakota. The Territory including the Pike's
Peak region wc propose to call Idaho. Out of
the western portion of Utah, we propose to or-
ganize a Territory under the name of Nevada;
and another from the western portion of New
Mexico, under the name of Arizona.
I am asked, what is the meaning of Idaho?
It is an Indian name, signifying "Gem of the
Mountain." I would have preferred the name of
Tehosa, which means "Mountain Peaks," so we
should have the dwellers on the mountain peaks
from this Territory.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I appeal to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to permit me to
offer an amendment.
Mr. THAYER. I object.
Mr. GROW. I understand the gentleman from
Illinois to desire to propose the same amendment
to this bill which he indicated yesterday to an-
other bill; that is, to give the people of the Ter-
ritory the right to elect their own officers when-
ever they shall have twenty thousand inhabitants.
As objection is made to my yielding the floor for
the gentleman to offer it, I will offer that amend-
ment, and then move to recommit this bill to the
Committee on Territories.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Will the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania allow me to move to
strike out the proviso in the bill prohibiting sla-
very ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I object. There is a mo-
tion pending to lay on the table, and I insist that
a vote shall be taken upon that motion.
Mr. GROW. I am willing to yield to the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Clark] to move his
amendment.
Mr. THAYER. I call for the yeas and nays
upon my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Thayer's mo-
tion; and it was decided in the affirmative—yeas
102, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Allen, Thomas
L. Anderson, William C. Anderson, Ashmore, Barksdale,
Barr, Barrett, Bonham, Boyce, Brabson, Blanch, Bnggs,
Bristow, Burch, Burnett, John B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb,
John Cochrane, Cooper, Cox, Crawford, John G. Davis,
De Jarnettc, English, Etheridge, Ferry, Florence, Garnett,
Gartrell. Gilmer, Gurley, Hamilton, Hardeman, John T.
Harris, Haskin, Hatton, Hawkins, Hickman, Hill, Holman,
Houston, Howard, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Kilgore,
Killinger, Kunkel, Lamar, Landrum, Larrabee, James M.
Leach, Leake, Logan, Longnccker, Love, Charles D.
Mat tin, IVlaynard, McUueen, Mills, Million, Montgomery,
Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Moore, Edward Joy Morris,
Isaac N. Morris, Nelson, Niblack, Nixon, Pendleton, Pey-
ton, Phelps, Porter, Pryor, Pugh, Quailes, Reagan, Itiggs,
James C. Kobinson, Kust, Schwartz, Seianton, Simms,
Singleton, William Smith, William N. II. Smith, Steven-
son, Stokes, Stout, Stratton, Taylor, Thayei, Thomas,
Underwood, Vallandigham, Vance, Wiuteley, Wm&Iovv,
and Wright—102.
NAYS—>Ies«rs. Charles F. Adam?, Aidrich, Alley, Bab-
bitt, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brayton,Buflmlon,lluinham,
Butterfield, Campbell, Carey, Case, Clark ii. Cochrane,
CoUax, Conkltng, Curtis,Dawes, Delano, Duell, Edgcrton,
Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fcnton, Foster, Fiank, French, Goocli,
Grow, Helmick, Hutchms, irvme, Junkin, Francis W.
Kellogg, William Kellogg, DeWitt C. Leach, Loomis,
Lovcjuy, Marstou, MclCeun, MeKnight, Millward, Moor-
head, Morrill, Morse, Palmer, Pettit, Potter, Pottle, Itice,
Christopher Robinson, lioyce, Sedjrwick, Sherman, Spin-
nor, Stanton, Tappa.il, Tompkins, Train, Vandever, Ver-
ree. Wade, Waldion, Walton, Cadwalader O. Wa<hbmn,
Eilihu D. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wells, Window,
Wood, and Woodruff—73.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. PERRY stated that he had paired with
Mr. Noell; otherwise, he would have voted
"no."
Mr. BURCH stated that Mr. Scott had paired
with Mr. I'eekcu.
Mr. McPHERSON stated that Mr. Wilson
had paired with Mr. Stallworth. Hcalso stated
that he was out of the Hall, on business of the
House, when his name was called.
Mr. COX stated that Mr. McClernand had
paired with Mr. Burroughs.
Mr. AVERY stated that, if he had been within
the bar when his name was called, he should
have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. DELANO wished to give notice that if he
could get the floor when the vote was announced,
he would move to postpone this territorial busi-
ness.
Mr. CRAWFORD stated that his colleague,
Mr. Jones, had paired with Mr. Stevens, of
Pennsylvania, until the 4th of June.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. THAYER moved to reconsider the vote
by which tha bill was laid on the table; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE i'ltOAI TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton, one of their clerks, notifying the
House that the Senate have passed, without
amendment, a joint resolution of this House for
the relief of Thomas C. Ware.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN WASHINGTON TERUITOEY.
Mr. GROW, from the Committee on Territo-
ries, reported back a bill (H. R. Wo. 184) making
additional appropriations for the erection of public
buildings in Washington Territory; which was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GROW. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr.THAYER. Iaskfortellersonthatraotion.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. KILGORE. It is due to the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard,] who was ab-
sent some days ago, that I should state that, pre-
vious to his leaving, I paired him off with my
colleague, Mr. Wilson, who was not in the
House, with the understanding that if he came
into the House during the absence of the gentle-
man, I would find another pair. Mr. Wilson,
it appears, came into the House yesterday and
voted upon a territorial bill, which was one of
importance. Had I known that, I should have
paired off with the gentleman from Tennessee
myself.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is proper that 1 should
say that the pair made with Mr. Wilson was
made without his knowledge. I make th{s state-
ment in justice to the gentleman from Indiana, as
well as myself, for I take it for granted if he had
been aware of the pair he would not have voted.
Tellers were ordered on Mr. Grow's motion;
and Messrs. Tiieakek and Ashmore were ap-
pointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 75, noes 91.
So the House refused to go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. DELANO. I move that the further con-
sideration of territorial business be postponed until
to-morrow, in order that the House may proceed
to the consideration of private business, which is
the proper business for this day.
Mr. HOUSTON. I demand that we shall pro-
ceed to the consideration of the regular order of
business, which is the calling of committees for
reports.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts is in order in Submitting the motion to
postpone.
Mr. COLFAX. If we go into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, I give notice
that it is my intention to call up the Post Office
appropriation bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I want the mail contractors,
who have suffered because of the delay of Con-
gress to pass the appropriations, to understand,
that what injury has been done them has been
done by the other side, in postponing the consid-
eration of thePostOffice appropriation bill, %vhen
this side desired and was anxious to put it on its
passage.
Mr. DELANO. I wish to state my reasons for
moving to postpone the further consideration of
these territorial bills until to-morrow.
Mr. THAYER. I object.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. THAYER.. I demand the consideration
of tho regular order of business.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to make a privileged
motion. I move that the House take up the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the House
concurred in the amendment of the Senate to the
Military Academy bill.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order, pend-
ing the consideration of the special order. Re-
ports are now in order from the Committee on
Territories.
TiSBIUTOKY Off NEVADA.
Mr. GROW, from the Committee on Territo-
ries, reported a bill to provide a temporary gov-
ernment for the Territory of Nevada; which was
read a first, and second time.
Mr. GROW. I am willing to yield to the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Clark,] who repre-
sents the minority of the Committee on Territo-
ries, to offer the amendment which he moved
yesterday, and that is to strike out the following
proviso:
"Provided, That whereas slavery lias no legal existence
in said Territory, nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued to autlioiize or penmt its eiistenee therein."
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I submit that mo-
tion; and I wish to give notice that, at the proper
time, I will move to insert the following:
Provided, That the Legislature of said Tertitory shall
not, by any legislation whatever, establish or prohibit sin-
veiy in said Territory, or annul or impair the right* ol slave
or other property therein, teeognized aa such by the Con-
stitution of the United States. -
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker, I want it to
be understood that I object to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yielding to any gentleman to offer
amendments, unless he yields unconditionally.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman from Missouri
