8012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
I am informed that the claret thus taxed so
highly is the claret that is imported in the largest
quantities, such us people in ordinary circum-
stances use, and for which a taste is increasing
in our country; and we would be thus legislating
not only against the revenue by these exorbitant
duties, but against temperance itself. Thus it
will be seen that while liquors of the finer and
more expensive sort, under the specifics, pay but
a small duty, the tax becomes very high upon
those in common use; that is to say, upon the
great bulk of liquors which are consumed.
"We come now, sir, to iron. The appraisers say:
A. The dutiable'value of bar iron is from $30 per ton up-
wards, the great bulk of it being valued at about. $37
per ton. On these puces, which represent the value
Of eighty per cent, of the bar iron impoited info tlm
United Stales, the new duty would be equivalent to
lifty and loi ty per cent, ad valorem.
B. Dutiable value or rails, $29 per ton. .New duty equal
to 41 3-10 per cent.
<7. Dutiable valueof boiler plate about $45 per ton. New
duty equal to 44 9-10 per cent.
G. Rolled and hammered iron, not included in " A,5' av-
erages, in dutiable value, $45 per ton. New duty
equal to 44 4-10 per cent.
H. Dutiable valueof pig iron, §14 per ton. New duty equal
to 42 8-10 per cent.
M. Dutiable value ol old iion, $5 to §10. New duty equal
to 120 and CO per cent.
N. Included m " G."
Ce. Polished sheet iion. Dutiable value, six cents per
pound. New duty equal to 33} per cent.
Dd. Other sheet iron, common oi blaclv, not thinner than
No. 20 wire jruuge, ,^0 per ton Dutiable value,
$45 por ton. New duty equal to 14 4-10 pei cent.
Ee, Thinner than No.SG.andnot thinner than No. 2.>, wne
gauge. Dutiable value, $51 pci ton. New duty equal
to 50 per cent.
Ff. Thinner than No.26 wire gauge, $30 pcrton. Dutiable
value, per ton. New duty equal to 50 0 10 per
cent.
Here is the statement of the appraisers in regaid
to wool and woolens:
" From July 1, 1837, to December 1,1859, two yearn and
five months, there have been imported into this port 57,0U0
bales of wool, costing, ut the place of expoi union, irom 3
cents to 18 cents per pound. From and to the same date,
5,650 bale* from lyj- cents per pound to Si-i cents per pound ;
which, at 'i cents per pound duly,, would he equal to 10,\
per cent, ad valorem lot ibj cents quality ; 11^ per cent, tor
cents quality; per cent, lor '2 W unta quality. Fiuui
and to the same date, '2-i3 bales trom 27 cents pei pound to
74 cents per pound; which, at 9 cents per pound duty,
would be equal to 33J- per cent, c.d vuloiem lor 27 ci n'ta
quality ; 25 pet cent, lot 35 cents quality ; '20 per ct'iit for
45 cents quality ; 10$ per cent, for 51 cents quality ; 14J lor
63 cents quality ; 12J per cent, for 7:2 cents quahtv.
" Druggets, bookings, and felt tut pots and i arpetin™,at .">0
centrf pei :-quaru yaul, latin 41} to 111 pei cent, ad itiio-
rcm; cloths, eassnuerc-., buckskins,doeskin-., im\e<! sack-
ing-:, police cloths, habit cloths, ladies'cloakings, fancies.,
tweeds, plains, and lelt-*. or gooils of a similar chaiaetei,
valued at^5 eents, and not cveceding 75 cents per squaie
yard, 10 cent?, por pound and *.20 per cent, ad calu) cm ; at 50
cents per square >ard, fiom 41 j to pci ccnt.adialoicm;
beavor cloths, dutlil cloths, pilot cloths^ petershams, telt
cloths, or similar cloths-, suitable for ovci coats of blankets,
and valued at $lor less per square yard, 10 eents per pound
and 15 per cunt, ad valorem; at 50 cents per equate yaul,
ftom 30 to 95 per emit. ad valorem.3*
Here is the statement of the appraisers as to the
duty on cigars:
" On clgare from Cuba the duty ranges fiom 00 to 53 per
cent.
"■On German cigars duty ranges fiom 200 to 310 per
cent.
"Bremen, duty from GO to 1G0 per cent."
I do not know that I ought to weary the Sen-
ate with going through all these articles, liere
in these statements is to be found a true expo-
sition of this tariff-, here are the specifies reduced
by the New Yoik appraisers to the corresponding
ad valorem rates; and any one of them is quite as
startling in amount as those to winch I have just
inferred. For instance, take glass:
JJtr cent.
ad valorem.
Cimvn and ^ylnulcr class, pi opened duty 
l'o!Mui<! plah\ iVeiR'h ami KliclM), equal   
&on«!i pluti', hiniill .sue, one eiyluii ul ;ui atcli thick.,1'JO
JElou^h am Ui size, one meh iliiek.  ^95
One of these importers of glass came to me
with u specimen, and lie showed mo thick piate
£,lass winch he said was in common use, that
paid this latter extravagant duty of two hundred
and ninety-five or three hundred and ten per cent.
But besides ihe appraisers' estimates, I have other
accounts confirming the estimate which they put
upon it. in regard to books, the duty is equally j
absurd. \
Tin; duty on cotton bagging and gunny-cloth j
will range trom thirty-beven to seventyHluee per i
cent.; on cottons generally, twenty-eight to forty i
per cent.; on ready-made clothing, from twenty- j
eight to forty per cent.; on'unbleached cotton, j
from forty-three to forty-seven and a half per
cent.; on certain printed, colored, and dyed cot-
ton cloths, from twenty to eighty per cent. Bag-
ging and gunny-cloth are made partly of cotton.
Mr. DAVIS. They arc made of a species of
hemp, not made of cotton at all.
Mr. HUNTER. Be it so, then. I have the
samples here, and the duty will range from thirty-
seven to seventy-three per cent, on cotton bagging
and gunny-cloth. Of the duties on steel, 1 need
say nothing; we all have had representations upon
that subject.
Mr. SIMMONS. Have you got any statistics
from the custom-house as to what the rates of
duty on steel will be ?
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to hear you
read them.
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir. Then here are the
duties on some tilings that arc used for the com-
mon purposes of life by mechanics. I will com-
mence with white lead;
White lead, &c   25 per ccnt.
Sugar o( lead, white 33}
Sugar of lead, biown 50 "
Whiting   .80 "
Pans white 70 a
Oeher, jrlhnv, div 47 "
Ocher, yellow, and giound pamU in oil.. 23 "
Umber £> «
Putty 50 "
LmsccdoiJ 30 "
Hitpesoed oil   2(> «
Keioseue oil 13 ki
Alum, &e 33} *<
Copperas 33^ "
Mr. SIMMONS. I asked the Senator if he had
got any statement showing the duties on steel,
about winch we have had memorials.
Mr. HUNTER. I will come to that pres-
ently.
Then here is the statement in regard to sugar;
"Muscovado, or In own sugar, notadvnnced beyond its
raw state, from ^0 to 33} per ccnt., uveiagiitg, probublv, 3D
per rent.
*■'' Syiup of sugar, about 10 per ccnt.
tk Helmed sug.u, duty from 31 to 4-2 pci cent."
I will not weary the Senate by going through
all these schedules. The Senator from Rhoilc
Island asked me for the duty on steel. Here
it is:
" All steel, in In^ot^, bars, sheets, or win'*, not less than
one louith ul one inch m diametei, valued at 7 cents pci
pound, oi k"^, 1 j- cents per pound. Dutiable value lto.n 3
to 7 eents pci pound. .Vew duty equal, on lowest valua-
tion, to .">0 per ecnt.
Cki\U ^tccl, valued, as above, at? ecnf.spei pound, and not
above 11 cent* pci pound, '2 eents por pound New duty
on lowest valuation (? cents) equal to v&J pei cent
'-All -tee!, and valued as abo\ e, at 11 eenK per pound. 2.}
cent-"? pci pound. New duty on valuation ol II cent-; equal
to pci cent. No t in any ioun, to pay lcs.s tiian^O
pei cent, under the proposed taiilV."
Eat, Mr. President, to show how much revision
this tariff bill would lequiru if we wore to attempt
to art upon it, 1 will read a letter from a manu-
facturer in lialtimore, who, I believe, manufac-
turer the chairs and bolts that are used for rail-
road n :
Officf op tiic Calvert iuo\r and Hail Works,
Ualtimoue, May-20, L^H).
DtAR Sir : I beg leave to call jour attention to the; sev-
enth section of tin* new tariff bill a^so^sing the duties upon
bai iion,and 1 wish to show that U will opciale unequally
and very oppussively upon some large and nnpoitaut inter-
ests in this, couutiy.
lane-* Join to ten oi the printed bill hpeeifv ceitain sizes
which shall paj a duty ot .^15 pci ton—say Hat iron not less
than one inch by one toui'th or' an inch and not ovei six
iuther, by oneineh,sind toundand squaie non not less than
live eighths of an inch or nioie, than throe tnehe-j. All other
si/.es of bar uon—s-ee linos twenty-one and twenty-two—
pay per one bundled pounds.
The \vnter; with many othets, import for their ppeoial
manulactincs none ol the sizt s included m tin; above list,
bul many thousands oi ton-sol bar uon ovei six inches wide
and le.-.-> ihan live ui^lnhs of an inch tound and squaie, ioi
the manuiaeture ot lailioad spike-, and joint plates, and
other railway ttaek fustcmtic*. It eo^t-j to make no nioie
than othei si/es, and \ ct by this bill they ^ ill have to pay
$7 40 pei ton more duty, which amounts to a piohibition.
The bill, il passed in this shape, will dcstioy a huge amount
of capital and enfi prise invested in this cimimj.
It seems eminently ju-t that the bill should eontam no
arbitrary disomum Hion ot sizes, to benetit one class of
people to the injury oi nun oi another, but that the clause
embiacing the sizes should be stnekui out. and the bill
tnen lead • " On bai iion lolled or hanuncied 51 with
the lines lour to ten omitted.
Thi< is. the simple constiuetion of the existing taiifi".
Youis, veiy icspcetlullj'.
J. IIOPKINSON SMITH.
My own opinion of the section on non, denved fiom
many years ijealmg in Amencan andlorei^i m< tals. is that
the piopgscd duties, qre excessive, and will ueteat the ob-
jects ot revenue, ' I
The piesent duty paid on railroad Iron is about $750per
ton. and bar iidn §8 50 per ton. The average rate of duty
paid during the past ten years is about the same. The pio-
posed duty on rails is .<51 a pei ton, and on bar iron $ 15 per
ton, an increase of ovei sixty pei cent. On some articlea
the duty i* assessed at ovei one bundled percent. The bill
enumeiates a great vauety of mm and mamifactuicH of
iron, and each with a different rate of duty. / need not say
how much this will embarrass and complicate the collec-
tion of the revenue, and multiply opportunities tor fiaudu-
lent piactices.
The existing tariff levies a uniform rate of duty upon all
kinds of iion and manulactures of iion. It has been lound
simple in operation, and less liable to misunderstanding or
evasion than any ever in operation.
Hon. H. M. T. IIuntur.
I have many other letters remonstrating: against
this tariff, and reducing the specifies to ad valo~
rems, written by merchants in different parts of
the country,and which, if it were not too tedious,
I would read to the Senate in order to expose thu
monstrous nature of this bill which has been sent
to us from the House; but I know I should bo
taxing the patience of the Senate too far by doin<j
so, and accordingly I have .preferred to confine
myself mainly to the statement which has been
givn by the Government officers, the appraisers
in New York, who were the men most competent,
and impartial persons, to do the work of convert-
ing: these specifics into ad valorems.
Now, sir, we have seen that the operation of
this bill, in almost every case, is to lay moderate
duties on the high priced articles, and large duties
on the lower priced, which enter into general con-
sumption. It is so with brandies. So, too, with
sugar; there we find a very high duty on that
which is consumed by the poorer classes. So
too, in regard to all goods 011 which these specif-
ics operate; for they ?:eem to have been laid with
a view to bear heavily on those things which en-
ter into common consumption, while the finer and
more costly varieties pay but little duty.
Mr. BIGLER. Will the Senator allow me,
while he is at that point, on this subject of com-
mon sugars, to ask him wheiher this rate, after
all, is higher than people have paid under the ad
valorem principle3 What was the rate paid upon
sugar i/i 18.57 ? Does it not fluctuate ?
Mr. HUNTER. That question answers itself.
Eighty per cont. must be higher than twenty-four.
Twenty-four per cent, is all that can be imposed
under the present tariff, and I have just shown
what it will be under this proposition. I will turn
to it again if the Senator wishes it.
Mr. BIGLER. Why, Mr. President, the ad
valorem was two and a half units a pound on sugar
m 1857.
Mr. HUNTER. That does not meet the ques-
tion.
Mr. BtGLER. Tt is shown it is equal now to
one eenf a pound; and two eents on the whites.
Mi*. HUNTER. I suppose, then, two cents on
an article costing fifty cents is a higher tax than
one cent on an article costing two cents. Why,
sir, it is manifestly a matter of proportion.
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator from Vngmia, of
course, understands me as measuring this article
by the quantity. That is the way the common
people look at it. When they send to the country
store for ten pounds of sugar they understand ex-
actly what they are doing, and if they pay a cent
a pound they know what they do. If they pay
one and a half cents a pound they undersUind it.
What I mean to sa*y to the Senatorfrom Virginia
is, that his position is, that when sugar is very
low 
Mr. HUNTER, I hope tlie Senator will not
enter into that argument, but let me go on.
Mr. BIGLER. I will do so; but take this oc-
casion to remark, in justification of the interrup-
tion, that I intend to invite tim Senator from Vir-
ginia to interrupt me. My object is not to speak
for any home use, but for the purpose of the
Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not expect to interrupt
the Senator. 1 merely wish to analyze this tariff.
I thought it my duty, as I made the motion to post-
pone it, in order to prove the necessity of taking*
time to consider it, to get competent men to ana-
lyze this bill, ctnd to show what it was. In regard
to that question which the Senator raises with
me, it is one of arithmetic; it is one winch, m
my opimon, dors not admit of argument. Fifty
per cent, must be a higher duty than twenty-
four.
But, sir, as I was going- on to say, we have
seen from this statement, not only that the duties
are exorbitant> but that the higher duties fall upon
