1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1125
able to tell how the law was operating; because
we desired, by requiring from the Secretary of the
Treasury, from year to fear, an estimate in ad-
vance of how much money he thought he would
require for the current year to meet these judg-
ments, to keep the matter constantly under the eye
of Congress, and if we ever found the appropria-
tion growing, we would examine into the subject,
and if the exercise of the power became danger-
ous, we would cut it off. It was that we might
keep the vigilant eye of Congress on the opera-
tions of the court that we changed the appropria-
tion clause, and, instead of leaving it in the power
of the court to have its judgment paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, required that there should be, annually, a
specific appropriation to pay judgments of the
Court of Claims, so that it could not exceed fifty,
or one hundred, or one hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars; that we supposed would be ample,
in each year, without caHing the special attention
of Congress to the subject. My honorable friend
from Virginia would be the first, when his bills
came up, if he found the appropriations for the
Court of Claims increasing, to say: " I am going
to examine into this matter; these appropriations
formerly were only fifty or one hundred thousand
dollars a year, now they come up to $200,000.
How happens it that the claims against the Gov-
ernment are growing at this rate ? Let us stop this
expense; let us take away the power.'' We have
a right to take it away at any time. There is no
possibility of^its growing into an abuse without
its being brought under our eyes at each succeed-
ing session of Congress. Therefore, the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, deeming the innovation
a good one, proposed to the Senate to let the Court
of Claims pay its judgments without your inter-
vention; to let it pay its judgments without your
revision.
The Senator from Georgia says he is not will-
ing to do that. 1 will appeal to him whether our
po'wer is not sufficient, under the law, as it stands?
This matter does not appear to be understood by
Senators. The law, as it stands, originally cre-
ating the Court of Claims, requires the officers of
thatcourt to send us every year a report of its
judgments; so that from year to year we know
exactly how we stand, the amount demanded, and
the amount adjudged against the Government, if
anything is adjudged against the Government.
We have got, therefore, first, annually, that much
information. We know what was claimed; we
know what has been allowed. Now, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, m making up his annual
estimates, will call upon us to make appropria-
tions to satisfy presumed judgments that may be
rendered by the Court of Claims, at as near a
guess as he can make, just as he calls on us for
an appropriation for the transportation of the
Army; just as he calls on us for a thousand other
appropriations, the exact amount of which cannot
be estimated, but which he has to spend at his
discretion, under the responsibilities of his posi-
tion, and under the responsibility of rendering an
account at the very next session of Congress.
Suppose the bill passes: how will it operate >
The Secretary of the Treasury, at the beginning
of the year, in his estimate of appropriations, puts
down, "for amount to satisfy judgments of the
Court of Claims, $100,000." We pass the appro-
priation. We do not know how it is going to be
spent; but when we come together next Decem-
ber, the Secretary of the Treasury, by the bill, is
to send ill a list of all the judgments that he has
satisfied of the Court of Claims, and that is to be
compared by us, or by those of us who choose to
examine it, with the report rendered at the pre-
vious session by the Court of Claims of the judg-
ments that they hail rendered, as well as those that
may be rendered at the same session. We shall
have, then, the report fiom the court of each ease,
the amount claimed and ad judged; we shall have
' from the Secretary of the Treasury the amount
paid; and with all that before us, from year to
year', we shall have the entire control of the sub-
ject-matter, and power to stop it at any instant,
'if we think there is any extravagance, or anything
that we ought to cheek at any moment; the oper-
ation of the law constantly under our eyes, con-
stantly under our control.
But, so far as claims go beyond $3,000, wo put
the Government in the same position as other
suitors. The Commigee on the Judiciary has rec-
ommended to Congress at the present session, by
another bill which will come up, to increase the
limit of all appeals to the Supreme Court of the
United States, to $3,000. That is the reason why
we put $3,000 in this bill for appeals in cases
against the Government.
Now, sir, gentlemen want to limit the jurisdic-
tion of the Supreme Court of the United btates to
$20,000, unless Congress shall revise its decisions:
that is to say, if the Supreme Court of the United
States shall find, on appeal, that the Government
is indebted twenty-five or thirty thousand dollars
toaman,and shall render its final decree that that
sum is due to him upon principles of law and
equity, without any reference whatever to the
favor of the Government, that that is a just de-
mand, Congress is to take the decision of the
Supreme Court under its charge, discuss it, revise
it, and refuse the appropriation, or accord it, at its
discretion. We cannot trust the Supreme Court
of the United States to give a decision in a claim
of $25,000, $30,000, or $40,000, between the Gov-
ernment and the citizen; but the Constitution vests
it with exclusive original jurisdiction over con-
tests for empire between sovereign States. Claims
are brought by the Government before that court
involving millions of dollars, and it decides them
finally, and without appeal. States contend for
tracts of country; the jurisdiction of sovereignties
is involved; and your Constitution makes that tri-
bunal the last, for there must be a final tribunal
somewhere; and yet, for a few thousand dollars,
we are asked to take the decisions of the Supreme
Court of the United States under our revision,
because, forsooth, we, the members of Congress,
suppose that we have the intelligence, the time,
and the learning, amply sufficient to enable us
properly to revise the decisions of that court.
It is supposed that we are bound to do this
because of the indefinite nature of the appropria-
tion. I do not know Mow to meet this argument.
From the foundation of the Government the prac-
tice of Congress, the experience of the country, is
so much opposed to this notion of our having no
| power to make a general appropriation,'that I-
: scarcely know how to meet the argument. Did
i we not appropriate $3,000,000 to meet claims
i under the Mexican treaty ? Did Congress have
an appeal from every case m which the commis-
sioners or the courts decided upon the amounts
I paid to each individual ? Did we not appropriate
j money under the Florida treaty? Did we not
j give unlimited discretion? Five million my friend
! from North Carolina [Mr. Bragg] says—five
million were at once appropriated to be distrib-
uted amongst the claimants according to the judg-
ments of a special tribunal which we created; and
here, when this thing has been done again and
again, without the suggestion of a doubt, for im-
mense sums, and without Congress retaining any
eventual control over the disposal of the money
thus appropriated, everybody here becomes hor-
rified suddenly at loosing the purse strings at the
discretion of a court, and this, too, when the ap-
propriations are never for but one year at a time,
on estimates which yon may or you may not pass
at your discretion, and which you will inevitably
refuse to pass the instant that their amount ex-
cites one moment's suspicion or distrust.
Senators, believe me, there is no danger in this.
All your apprehensions are illusory. The courts
of justice of this country may be trusted to this
extent. You cannot buy them. Their reputa-
tions are at stake in theirrecorded decisions which
e\ civ man mav read. All that they do is known
and published to the world. I suppose I can show,
since I have been a member of the Senate, some
forty or fifty eases in which claims of tens and
twenties anil hundreds of thousands of dollars
have been, by the direct order of Congress, re-
ferred to a solitary officer of the Treasury Depart-
ment, to be bv him determined in the quiet seclu-
sion of his office, without the check of publicity;
without the presence of an officer to sustain the
side of the Government; with unlimited discre-
tion; and to a solitary clerk in a Department has
been confided,by the Congress of the United States,
the disposal of hundreds" of thousands of dollars
of public money; and yet, with a court organized,
i prepared, composed of experienced judges that
j you yourselves have a voice in appointing; with
! open doors: with published and printed speeches
| and discussion; with the entire community hav-
I ing a rifht to go in at any moment and listen to
all that is going on; and finally, with the check Of
an appeal to the Supreme Court of the United
States, where the amount is at all important; and
last of all, with the necessity of' coming to this
Congress for appropriations to carry out its jiidg-
ment, you are afraid to make a trial of a year or
two with an appropriation of one or two hundred
thousand dollars; and rather than do that, you
will emasculate this bill; you will destroy every
provision in it that has any virtue to carry out
the objects proposed, and you will bring tig just
back to where we started—an - examination by
Congress of every claim of two or three hundred
dollars that njay be made by an unfortunate
citizen throughout the land. You have got your
dockct filled with them now. Reject this bill,
and they will accumulate year after year, be-
cause,as I started with saying, it rs totally impos-
sible for us to attend to them all , and the result will
be that we shall be driven to this system in one,
or two, or three years hence, after an amount of
injustice'has been done to the present claimants
which your future legislation will "be utterly in-
competent to repair. _ _ . '
I beseech you make this experiment. Try it for
a year; try it for two years; then, if there is found
to be any danger in it, repeal it. Yon have it itt
your hands; you can do with it as you please,;
there is no power to check you or' interfere with
your discretion over the matter. Let us pass the
bill, and make an honest experiment of it. There
is no risk in it. The few thousand dollars that
may be lost, if there be a risk, will be well ex-
pended in the experiment. If it does not succeed,
we must try something else; but, most assuredly,
we cannot continue, in Congress, to entertain juris-
diction of cases of private claim. It is out of our
power to do it; and we shall have to leave it to
some committee eventually to do it, and take their
reports without examination. I hope that all
these amendments will be voted down, and that
the bill will pass.
Mr. IVERSON. I do not rise to continue the
discussion. I have expressed my views fully on
the merits of this proposition; and, the eloquent
remarks of the Senator from Louisiana have not
convinced me that I am wrong. I rise to say that
I insist on my amendment, to insert the words
" thereafter to be," so that Congress can retain
jurisdiction of the whole matter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzfat-
rice: in the chair.) The amendment is in section
four, line seven, after the word " appropriation,"
to insert the words " thereafter to be,' so that it
will read:
In all cases of final judgment by said court, or on appeal
by the said Supreme Court, where the same is in favor of
the claimant, the sum due thereby shall be paid out of any
general appropriation thereafter to be made by law for the
payment and satisfaction of private claims.
Mr. IVERSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that amendment. *
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. In the earlier part of the day, a
discussion arose between Senators as to whether
' the bill in its present form required money to be
| paid out of a general appropriation, or whether
1 an appropriation was to be madeto satisfy particu-
| lar judgments. The Senator from Wisconsin ad-
| dressed himself toitat an early part of the day. It
j is quite clear that estimates, when they are spoken
I of in strictness of language, are in anticipation.
' Our Government is conducted on estimates. Each
' year a Department presents a sum which will meet
! the probable expenditures of the current year, and
anappropriationismadetocoverthem. The ques-
tion before us, in the view which is now presented
of it, is whether we shall run a risk by appropri-
ating in advance for claims to be submitted to the
i Court of Claims ' I must confess myself opposed
| to it, notwithstanding the able exposition which
I has been made by the Senator from Louisiana.
! I have looked upon the Court of Claims as a
; well-organized committee for the examination of
j cases which are to come before the Senate; that
they were to examine the law and the facts more
fully than a committee of the Senate might do,
! and then the case to be presented to the Senate
j for an appropriation in satisfaction of the amount
i which should be found to be due. The present
i bill places it on a new footing, as a judgment
| rendered and money to be paid upon it, limited,
| however, to an appropriation which shall be made
1 upon an estimate. I do not think that the couit
