106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
cut open. There was a hole in his breast. William's
head was cut open, and a hole was in his side. My father
was shot in the forehead and stabbed in the breast. I have
talked often with northern men in the Teiritory, and these
men talk cxactly like eastern and northern men talk—that
is, their language and pronunciation were similar to those
eastern and northern men with whom we have talked.
An old man commanded the party. H-e was dark-eom-
plycted, and his face was slim. We had lighted the candle,
and about eight of them entered the house. There were
some outside. The complexion of most of those eight
whom I saw in the house were of a sandy complexion.
My father and brothers were pro-slavery men, and be-
longed to the law and order party.
Mrs. Doyle wrote a letter to Brown during his
imprisonment, showing that she still regarded him
as the murderer of her husband and children:
Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 20, 18.i9.
John Brown. Sir: Although vengeance is not mine, I
confess that I do feel gratified to hear that you were stopped
in your fiendish caieer at Harper's Ferry with the loss of
your two sons. You can now appreciate my distress in Kan-
sas, when you then and there entered my house at midnight,
and arrested my husband and two boys, and took them out of
the yard, and m cold blood shot them dead m my hearing.
You cannot say you done it to free our slaves ; vvehadnone,
and never cxpectcd to own one; but has only made me a
poor, disconsolate widow, with helpless children. While I
feel for your folly, I do hope and trust you will meet your,just
reward. Oh, how it pained my heart to hear the dying
groans of my husband and children. If this scrawl gives
you any consolation you are welcome to it.
MAUALA DOYLE.
N. B. My son, John Doyle, whose life I begged of you,
is now grown up, afid is very desironn to be at Charlestown
on the day of your execution; would ceuainly be there if
his means would peimit it, that he might adjust the rope
around vour nock, if Governor Wise would permit.
M. D.
To John IIrown* , Commander of the army at Harper's Ferry,
Churlcaton-ii, Jejjtrson county, Virginia. Care of Jailor,
Cfwrtatovn.
Now, how do the facts stand ? What becomcs
of tlio apology, what becomes of the excuse >
They say that old Brown is not identified as the
man who led the party that committed- this mas-
sacre. Harris says John Brown came to the
house; and the description of him given by young
Doyle, in 1856, is exactly that given now. Three
months after William Doyle and his two sons
were murdered, three months after Sherman was-
murdered, his skull cut open m two places, and
the stream had washed the brains out of his cra-
nium—throe months after that, John Brown's
son was killed at Ossawatomie. Then, what be-
comes of this excuse ? Why this apology for a
manlike this? Three long months after he had
committed this fiendish act, his son lost his life at
the battle of Ossawatomie. Itwas on that night,
about eleven o'clock, as testified by Mrs. Doyle,
as testified by her son, as testified by Harris,
these men, innocent, unoffending men, were taken
out, and in the midnight hour and in the forest
and on the road aide fell victims to the insatiable
thirst of John Brown for blood. Thenitwasthat
these murder* were committed, that hell entered
his heart—not the iron his soul. Then it was that
he shrank from the dimensions of a human being
into those of a reptile. Then it was, if not before,
that he changed his character to a demon who had
lost all the virtues of a man. And you talk about
sympathy for John Brown !
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the Senator give
way for a moment?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Yes, sir.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Senator
from Tennessee understood me to offer any apol-
ogy for, or to justify the act of John Brown, in
the foray upon Virginia, he altogether misunder-
stood and misapprehended the whole tenor of my
remarks. "What 1 intended, on that occasion, to
say, was this: that, while condemning the act,
while declaring that the people of the wholcNorth-
west unanimously condemn it as a crime against
the law, and have no sympathy with the act what-
ever, they did have some sympathy for the indi-
vidual himself; and I then went on to state the
factsandcircumstances which preceded this whole
difficulty, and endeavored to point out the school
in which John Brown was educated to take life
on this slavery question. It is true that, m th*
huriied statement of the facts to which I then' re-
ferred, perhaps* the remarks which I made might
have milled the Senator. My recollection is, that
I stated th.u itwas after the sacking of the city of
Lawrence that we, for the first time, heard of old
John Brown. It is true that, in the statement of
facts, [ m< ntionrd other circumstances beside the
sacking of Lawrence. Now, sir, without tres-
passing upon the {Senator, or the patience of the
Senate, I desire to read an extract or two from the
authority upon which I relied for the statement
of the facts. I refer to the History of Kansas,
which was written by the private secretary of
Governor Geary, Mr. Gihon. He says, at page
86 of his work:
"After the sacking of Lawrence, parties of free-State
men were organized and armed with the determination to
continue the war which had now begun In earnest. Some
of these committed depredations upon their political oppo-
nents, under the pretense of lecovering horses or other
property of which themselves and neighbors had been
lobbed." * *•**-  + *•**
" Captain John Brown, who lived near Ossawatomie, was
the leader of one of these free-State guerrilla bands. He
was a Vermonter by birth, an old soldier, and had served
through the war of 1812. He was a resolute, determined
and brave old man; but fierce, passionate, revengeful,and
inexorable. His hatred for the border ruffians had reached
so high a degree that he could emulate the wroist of them
in acts of cruelty, whilst not one among them was his equal
as a tactician, oi possessed as much courage and daring.
Hence his name soon became a terror, and not a few un-
successful attempts were made to effect his capture."
In reference to the alleged murder of Mr. Doyle
by Captain John Brown, this is the statement
which is made by this writer:
" Old Brown, as he was familiarly called, is said to have
been the leader of a band, who, on the night of the 26th of
May, attacked a pro-slavery settlement at Pottawatomie
and cruelly murdered a Mr. Doyle and his two sons, Mr.
Wilkinson, and William Sherman."
It is understood that Brown has denied that ho
had any part in that murder, and the brother of
Mr. Brown has also denied it; but however that
maybe, this is the statement which is made by
this historian:
a The excuse given for this act is that the persons killed
were there assembled to assassinate and bum the houses of
ccitam free-State men, whom they had notified to quit the
neighborhood. These five men weie seized and disarmed,
a sort of trial was had, and in conformity with the sentence
passed, were shot in cold blood. This was doubtless an act
of retaliation for the work done but a few days before, at
Lawrence.
" Captain H. C. Pate, who was in command of a preda-
tory band of about sixty Missourians, called c Shannon's
Sharp Shooters,' resolved to capture C:\ptam John Biown,
and, with this intent, visited Ossawatomie on the last day
of May. Old Drown was absent, and Captain Pate suc-
ceeded, without resistance, in taking prisoners two of hi&
sons whom he found engaged in their peaceful occupations.
Captain Pate's men burned the store of a German named
Winer, who was supposed to have been in the Pottawato-
mie affair, and al>o the hou<o of young John Biown, the
captain's son. After committing these, and other depreda-
tions upon the free-State settlers, the most of whose houses
they entered and robbed. Pate and his company lett the
place, taking with them their prisoners."
Again, sir, m giving a further account of Pate's
transactions with the sons of Brown, taking two
of his sons prisoners on the last day of May, not
in August, as the Senator stated, but the last day
of May, he says:
" Captain John Biown, n*., is a maniac in consequence
of the ciuel ticatment he received while a prisoner of Pate.
I1I& arms wcic m> lit inly buund vvithtords as to cut into the
tle^h, in which condition ho was compelled to tiave! inftont
of the horses for a number of miles, undci a burning sun, and
often foteed to run to keep fioni undei the hoi.-es' feet, lie
was al>o keptwithout food and water. Dining thc^c sulfer-
ings. and pnvations, Ins icason forsook lum, and has never
been icstoied."
And, as to the half-witted boy who was shot, to
which circumstance I made reference, he says:
kCEaily in the morning, about six o'clock of the same day,
Frcdeuok Brown, a half-witted young man, and son of old
Captain Biown, was killed m the road, near his fathoi-'s
house, by Martin White,'a member, from Lykens county, of
the Kansas Legislatuie, and toimeily a cleigyman. White's
own account ol this tuinsaction is, that sometime previous,
Captain Blown had stolen some of his holies, and on the
morning of hi^ death, Fiedeiiek was f>een by him tiding one
of these stolen hoisesand leading another; that he ordeied
young Brown nor to appioach, or he would shoot him. His
warning was unheeded, but Brown came on, apparently
feeling in his bieast tor a weapon, when he (White) raised
his gun, fi.ed, and t-hot lum."'
Mr. President, 1 referred to these facts, not to
justify the foray of John Brown upon Virginia,
not to declare that I sympathize with that foray
upon Virginia, for I expressly declared, as the
Senator must recollect, that 1 was opposed to
treason, come from what source, it might, whether
it was from filibustering from Canada into Vir-
ginia, or from the United States into Nicaragua,
or from Missouri into Kansas. I was willing to
join with the gentlemen upon the other side of
the Chamber to put down treason, come where
it may. All I desired, in the facts which I stated,
was to call the attention of the Senate to the
school in which John Brown was educated.
Where did he get Ins education? Who taught
him to draw blood on this question, and open up
the sluices of civil discord and civil war? That
is the question. I do not wish gentlemen to forget
that that is the question when they are discussing
this matter of treason; trace home the treason to
where it belongs. I say that, bad and wicked as
this foray upon Virginia is, it sinks into insig-
nificance compared with the foray which was led
by David R. Atchison from Missouri into Kan-
sas. Brown, with his seventeen white men and
five negroes—what is that, led on against the great
State of Virginia, to be compared with the inva-
sion into the Territory of Kansas of almost five
thousand men, when, at the time of the invasion,
there were not three thousand voters in the whole
Territory ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. Presi-
dent, I merely gave way to the Senator to make
a correction as to facts, not to make a long speech.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I beg pardon of the Sen-
ator.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. If you want
to inject a long speech into mine, I do not wish to
allow it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I beg the Senator's par-
don. I do not desire to trespass upon the Sena-
tor's time, or interrupt him when speaking; but
I think the Senator entirely misapprehended my
remarks, if he supposed I undertook to justify or
express sympathy for the acts of John Brown, in
his invasion of Virginia. My only purpose was
to call the attention of the Senate ana of the coun-
try to the school in which he was educated—not
to justify him, nor to express any sympathy with
the act or the crime which he has committed
against Virginia.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I am very
much obliged to the Senator for the explanation
he has made; but he has only confirmed the state-
ment of facts that I relied upon to strip old John
Brown of all apology and excuse for his outrage-
ous career and offenses. I stated that the murder
of the three Doyles and of Sherman and Wilkin-
son was on the 24th of May, predicated on the
affidavits of Mrs. Doyle, Mrs. Wilkinson, and
Mr. Harris. The gentleman corrects me by read-
ing from a book that I suppose has been got up
and made to sell, which says that old man Brown's
son was arrested on the last day of May. I ex-
hibited the fact that the murder^yas committed on
the 24th of May, and to contradict my statement,
he attempts to show that his son received this ill-
treatment on the last day of May. Does that con-
tradict what I said? Does that change the nature
of the fact in the least? Not at all. Old John
Brown and his comrades, midnight assassins, then
imbrued their hands in blood, with the weapons
that had been sent to them from the northern States,
or that they took with them. The sight of this
blood, and the exhibition of these weapons to his
son, Ro maddened him that it set him crazy with-
out the ill-treatment of any pro-slavery man. His
heart had not become adamant; he was not so
steeled to barbarity as his father was, and when
he saw the weapons, and the blood that was cry-
ing to Heaven for justice, he became a maniac.
Does that disprove anything that 1 said? The
book says this was on the lost day of May. The
affidavits show that the murders were committed
on the 24th. The Senator from Wisconsin reads
from the same book in reference to Brown's other
son, precisely what I said, that it was on the 30th
of August he was^killed, at the battle of Ossawat-
omie. What, then, does the explanation amount
to? Has the Senator corrected any fact that I
stated ? Ho seems to think that I misrepresented
him. The Senate will bear me witness, and the
report of what I have said will show, that I stated
expressly that in one portion of his speech he had
disclaimed any sympathy with the conduct of old
John Brown at flarper's Ferry, in the abstract,
and then I read that portion of his speech in ref-
erence to John Brown. Is that misrepresenting
the Senator? I stated all that he had said, and he
has furnished additional proof of the facts which
I presented. These facts stand uncontradicted.
John Brown stands before the country a mur-
derer. The enormity, the extraordinary ferocious-
ness of the father set the son mad. The blood of
these murdered men, not unlike that of sacrificed
Abel, cried even from the tongueless caverns of
the earth to him for pity, and to Heaven for jus-
tice; but his iron heart, not soul, refused to yield;
but Heaven, in the process of time, has meted out
to him justice on the gallows. Justice divine to
punish sin moves slow, the slower is its pace, the
surer is its blow. It will overtake us if living; it
