1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3015
peculiar fact: thatwhenever the importations liave
run above an average of eight dollars per capita,
wfi have had sudden revulsions, showing that the
country was receiving more goods than the people
were able to pay for. On this principle, I doubt
the estimate of the Secretary as a permanent meas-
ure for the country. It requires a per capita con-
sumption of $14 50 in order to get the amount of
revenue which is estimated, taking our population
at thirty mtflion. That is more than we can bear;
and revenue realized in that way would be a
greater misfortune to us than to lose the revenue
and have a debt, because we should be involved
in general indebtedness to foreign countries.
But, sir, I want to see a system of revenue that
will meet the current expenses, arrest the accu-
mulation of debt, and pay off what wc now owe.
Is not that sound policy ? If it be sound, if it be
right to pay our expenses as we go, and pay off
the debt we have created, then I say that we shall
need $75,000,000 a year for at least seven years
to come. Those Senators who arc willing to con-
sider this question I dcsiie to examine my fig-
ures. If you doubt that one of the great demands
to which I have referred will ever pass Congress,
you can modify this picture to some extent; but
I think all experience is against any such con-
clusion. You are bound to conclude that the
extraordinary expenses of the Government will
average as much hereafter as they have hereto-
fore; and when you do that, you are brought to
the simple alternatives of increasing the revenue
or increasing the public debt. That is exactly
where we stand; and I think that is the alterna-
tive from which there is no escape. I certainly
am safe in saying that, without increased revenues,
you cannot pay off the debt; and no man, not
even my friend from Virginia, has urged anything
against the propriety of something in that direc-
tion. I say it is unwise to postpone the measure,
which comes to us from the House of Represent-
atives under the authority, vested in that branch
of Congress by the Constitution, to provide rev-
enue to meet the exigencies of the public service.
It is unwise to postpone it; because there is ne-
cessity, I say, beyond question, to pay current
expenses; and no man will deny that it is neces-
sary to pay the public debt.
Then, upon what pretext is it to be postponed ?
*Wn have been told every day that there is no
time. Who has limited time? Who interferes
with time? The time is our own; we are paid a
salary, and there is an obligation upon us; and
the question of time as against a proper duty or
against a necessity, should not weigh for a mo-
ment. When the session is limited by the Con-
stitution, there may be a question of time; but
now there is none. What does the flimsy reso-
lution for adjournment, passed by the two Houses,
amount to ? It is more a question of disposition
than a question of time. If we desire to do it, we
we can do it; and it is no reasoning to my mind
whatever, that the Senator from Virginia shows
that the bill is defective in its details. That is a
reason why the Senator from Virginia should
amend those details, and give the country the
benefit of his knowledge and experience on the
subject. I do not admit that I am required to meet
liim on these points at all; it is not the view
winch it is necessary, at this point, to take of the
subject. If I had the Senator's admission, as I
have the admission of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, of the necessity for ail increase of the reve-
nue, then his whole argument would fall to the
ground. I presented a part of the Secretary's
report the other day, but I must present it in this
connection, in order to make my case conclusive,
and to show* Senators that I have not differed ma-
tonally from the view which the Secretary of the
Treasury entertains. After he had gone through
with this whole subject, and presented his appro-
priations, made his estimates, and then qualified :
against all extraordinary appropriations—and I
have read over to ynu eight millions to-day, every
dollar c f which will have to be paid—what does
the Secretary say:
- If the appropriations made at the present session do not
exceed the amount contained in the estimates, it is be-
lli ved that they can be met \\ ith the ordinary and extraor-
dni.uv ireripN aheady piovided bylaw. The estimated
b.uu'i'rt* that will be m the Tie.e-my on the 30th of June,
I bo 1.1- onl\ and leaves no nuugin fot additional
ap,m>p> urnon*.*'
1 have shown already that that margin of
$3,530,000 has been exhausted in the failure of
receipts m the last quarter, totally failed:
" If, theiefoie, the appropriations should exceed the es-
timates, or Congress should determine to provide within
tlus-pet iod for tiie redemption of any portion of the public
debt, it will become neeessary to make provision for such
contingency."
The estimates are for the ordinary expenses.
I have gone over the extraordinary appropriations,
which have passed one branch of Congress or
the other, amounting to §8,000,000. The Secre-
tary tells you there is a small margin. I show
you that there is no margin at all; that there is a
deficiency, and you are putting upon the Secre-
tary eight or nine million which he did not ex-
pect. Then what is his position under the state
of facts which I have presented? His position is
against the motion of the Senator from Virginia.
He says expressly that you must provide revenue
in view of what you have done. Here is his lan-
guage:
" The idea of increasing the public debt to meet the or-
dinary expenses of the Government, should not be enter-
tained for a moment. If additional demands are created
upon the Treasury by the legislation of the present Con-
giess"—
That is additional above the estimates—
" provision must be made to meet them by such increase
of the tariff duties as may be required for that purpose.
In such event, I would respectfully refer Congress to my
last report, a* containing the views of the Department on
that subject.-'
There it is. Taken in connection with the facts
which wc know here, and the Secretary did not
know when he made his report, so far from stand-
ing up against him, I am here arguing precisely
what he said was necessary; and it will be for him
and my friend from Virginia to settle their differ-
ence. As between the Secretary and myself, there
is none except a relative one. He may think we
need more and I less, or I more and he less; but
lie says, and I agree, that it is indispensable to
have more revenue if we do notintend to increase
the public debt.
1 do not intend, on this occasion, to allude to
all the long controverted questions which have
agitated this country and others ever since the
I dawn of civilization, touching the mode of assess-
i ing tariff duties. I shall pot do thatatlcngth now.
| I have stated heretofore that there arc certain
| great leading principles running through this en-
| tire subject, and in reference to which there is but
little dispute. It is a principle that wc should
assess no more duty than is necessary to raise
revenue to pay the expenses of the Government.
Another piinciple is, that the operation of that
assessment should be made as equal as possible.
Then there is a consideration which I hold is
equally binding on Congress: that is, that in ad-
justing these rates wc ought to give all the aid
and protection wc can to the great industrial in-
terests of our own country, our own manufactur-
ing and mining classes—those who are struggling
in competition with the cheap labor and capital of
other countries. As for the mode and manner of
doing this, who will say here that it is a matter
of principle? I confess that at one time in my life
I was quite wedded to the idea of a mere horizon-
tal rate. I never, however, avowed any other
sentiment thai? that in fdvor of mixed rates or
mixed modes, lsay cither mode is right or wrong,
just as it operates equally or unequally; but 1 say
that wherever you can make a charge upon the
quantify—a charge that is technically called spe-
cific—it is altogether better for consumers, while
it gives a degree of relief to home producers, and
is more reliable for the Government. It is abet-
ter piinciple, so far as its operation may be equal.
It may be perverted and misapplied. That was
what created prejudice against us use in the tariff
of 1842. It was misapplied in the tariff of 1642;
it was applied to articles of entirely different char-
acter and value under the same name. For in-
stance, all silks were tariffed at $2 50 a pound.
Every man knows that a silk dress that costs
fourteen or fifteen dollars will weigh quite as much
as a fine silk dress that a man of wealth would buy
costing fifty or sixty dollars. Then there was an
imaginative principle—a minimum principle—
which was applied to all cotton fabrics, which was
equally objectionable, in the tariff of 1842; and
the discussion that grew out of it seems to have
fastened itself upon the minds of very many of
my friends on this side of the Chamber, so that
they will not look at the question practically.
I said at the last session, and I repeat now, a
tariff for revenue is the Democratic doctrine; but
the mode of assessing the duty, whether upon the
value or quantity of the articles, has never been
made an article of our party faith. Thomas Jef-
ferson founded the party long before 1846, and
prior to that lime both modes or rules had been
uniformly used. But our faith, Mr. President,
must always be, to deal justly with all in the use
of either mode.
The English Government has attempted to over*
come the objection to the application of the specific
charge to textile fabrics, by a scale of rates in-
creasing and decreasing as the threads are many
or few in the square; and the present British tariff
is constructed almost exclusively on that princi-
ple, the revenues collected on the ad valorem being
but about one pound out of a hundred. Our tariff
of 1842 assessed specific duties on eight hundred
items, and on over fifteen hundred on the ad va-
lorem; and in 1845, $32,000,000 of the revenue was
collected on the former principle, and $52,000,000
on the latter.
The objections urged to the application of the
ad valorem principle to staple articles are, that it
seems to facilitate rather than restrain fluctuations
in prices; that the Government chargc runs to a
very large or a very small sum, just as the im-
pulses of trade and commerce may vibrate; and
that, when assessed on either a very high or a
very low value, it is not a true ad valorem princi-
ple, for that is intended to be a"percentage upon
the actual cost of the article to the producer; but,
as in the case stated, it becomes, instead, a charge
upon a fictitious value, or upon a fictitious in-
voice. The specific mode, on the other hand,
makes a uniform charge upon the quantity of the
article. It neither runs up nor down; and it is
held, therefore, that it tends to give stability to
prices.
The complaint of our manufacturers against
the ad valorem principle is, that it makes the
largest exactions when prices are highest, and the
least when they arc lowest; and, consequently,
the incidental aid to them always comes in an in-
verse ratio to the necessity that exists for it.
When they need aid most, it gives least; and
when they need least, it gives most. For illus-
tration: when iron runs up to $60 per ton, at the
present tariff the aggregate charge would be
§14 40; hut when it goes down to §40 a ton, the
charge is only $9 60: the practical operation being
to make the American manufacturers share the
fruits of any folly indulged in by their compet-
itors. if there bean excess of production in Eng-
land, for instance, the sum charged per ton, on
the ad valorem principle, runs down to the lowest
point, and enables the English pioducer to tbiow
his excess into our market. So, also, does it
facilitate the importance of the inferior article,
which the Englishman cannot sell in his own coun-
try. The specific rule, on the other hand, would
operate to resist the importation of such excess
and inferior article. The consumer has similar
ground of complaint; for it is perceived that, when
the price of goods is very high, the producei being
abundantly rewarded and the consumer already
oppressively burdened, the Government makes
the largest charge upon the quantity of the arti-
cle, a portion of which must enter into the price,
and thus add to the burdens of the consumer;
whilst, when prices are very low, and the con-
sumer can afford to pay, and the producer is
selling at a sacrifice, the Government exacts the
smallest sum.
But, so far as the objection of the Senator from
Virginia is concerned to the application of this
t piinciple to the importation of liquors, I say the
i application is right. A specific charge lias a tend'
: ency to exclude the bad article; and a tariff upon
j wines and brandies ought to be of that tendency.
| It is light m that particular. Nor does his ob-
! jection'to the feature with regard to cigars amount
to a conclusive objection. That is intended toex-
j cludethc ordinary German cigars that have driven
! our honest home manufacturers out of the busi-
i ness. That is all there is in that. Those articles
i are luxuries, and not necessanes;*and those who
| use them desire to have the best article.
The ad valorem piinciple operates badly on
home producers, as 1 have shown; and I think it
can be, to a very great extent, avoided, without
any injury to consumers whatever. Producers
