1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2071
objection to the details of the bills, I apprehend
that, by an overwhelming majority, the House
would vote to give a territorial organization to
every one of these Territories.
I desired to see these bills reported to the House,
such amendments as might be deemed advisable
proposed and votedon, and inthatwaytheopinion
of this House expressed as to the policy and duty
of this Government in relation to the Territories.
Now, what is the condition of the people in a
Territory before the organization of a territorial
government? It is simply this: they are living
there under mob law; they can have no other law;
they have not the right or the power to constitute
a single court which could be recognized by the
United States courts as having the least power or
authority. Every man in all these unorganized
Territories is living to-day where he has no law
but mob law for his protection; and there cannot
be organized in one of these Territories a court
from which an appeal can be taken to a United
States court. There cannot be a court organized
in one of these Territories whose acts will be rec-
ognized by the United States courts, or by any
legally-constituted court; and the question for this
House to determine is, shall we leave these people
in that condition?
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to propound a ques-
tion to the gentleman. The bill now under con-
sideration is a bill to organize the Territory of
Chippewa, which, I believe, borders upon the
British possessions. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts,who,I believe,isa memberofthe
Committee on Territories, inform this House how
many white people there are within the limits of
the proposed Territory of Chippewa?
Mr. HOUSTON, is there a single one there ?
Mr. PHELPS. Are there any but Indian
traders there?
Mr. GOOCH. I have not any facts or figures
before me in relation to the number of inhabit-
ants in either of the Territories. 1 am discussing
the policy of this Government with reference to
the Territories, and I was endeavoring to show
thatall the Territories of the United States should
be under some organization; that they should
be placed in such a condition that whenever any
considerable number of people went into a Ter-
ritory they should be under some government,
and not be obliged to live where there is no law
but mob law, and where there was not a court
of justice to which they could appeal for protec-
tion of person or property. That is the position
which 1 was considering; and it is immaterial as
to the number of inhabitants. It is, in my opin-
ion, the policy and the duty of Congress to pro-
vide territorial organization for all the Territories
of this Government, and to put every man who
is living in the Territories of the United States
under some government. And it was to accom-
plish that object that the Committee on Territories
reported to the House the bill now under consid-
eration, and those which have just been laid on the
table. Now, I want to know of the gentleman
from Missouri whether he commends that as a
wise policy or not?
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman inquires wheth-
er I commend the policy of defeating the territorial
bills at this session. I say that I do most em-
phatically; and have so voted. The bill now
under consideration is a proposition to establish
a territorial governmentfortlieTerritory of Chip-
pewa; and I now state that, in my opinion, there
are notone hundred white persons residing within
the limits of the proposed Territory.
Mr. GOOCH. I did not yield to the gentleman
for a discussion of the question of how many peo-
ple there are in the Territory of Chippewa. I
asked him whether he approved of the policy of
the Territorial Committee in providing govern-
ments for all the Territories ?
Mr. PHELPS. I do not approve of the bills
which they have reported here, and not one of
them would receive my sanction.
Mr. GOOCH. That is not an answer to my
question. I ask the gentleman whether he ap-
proves of the policy of the committee in providing
governments for all the Territories?
Mr. PHELPS. Your policy has been to pre-
pare bills for which you knew gentlemen on this
side of the House could not vote. Your object
was to prepare bills and present them here which
you knew the Democratic portion of the House
would never sanction; which you knew the Ex-
ecutive would not sanction, and which you knew
the Senate would not sanction. Then it is you
who have prevented the organization of territorial
governments over these Territories. I, for one,
am willing to organize territorial governments
where there are people in sufficient numbers to
warrant them, and where it is probable that such
organization will be required for their protection,
upon a proper basis; but I will not vote for any
bill to organize a territorial government contain-
ing a provision which excludes citizens of my
State from emigrating to that Territory with any
species of property they may see fit to carry there.
Mr. GOOCH. The gentleman did not answer
my question. We have offered him every privi-
lege that any man could ask to perfect these bills.
We have said again and again that we would
afford every opportunity of striking out every ob-
jectionable feature in every bill. We have said
m substance, to gentlemen upon the other side of
the House, that we place these bills before you
and give you the liberty of changing them, so that
they shall express the will of the House, if they
do not already; and now I have asked the gentle-
man a question, and he does not answer it; he
does not tell the House whether he is in favor of
the policy of providing governments for the Ter-
ritories of the United States or not.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman cannot make
that point on me.
Mr. GOOCH. I have made it.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman talks about
allowing us opportunities to amend these bills.
Will the gentleman and his friends vote for the
adoption of any of our amendments ? Will they
themselves aid us in taking out of the bill the ob-
noxious provision they have inserted in all these
territorial bills? I ask him if lie can, with good
grace, appeal to the Democratic portion of this
House to vote for these bills which he, in com-
mittee-room, aided m framing in the manner in
which they have been presented to the House?
I ask the gentleman from Massachusetts if he
voted for the organization of the Territories of
Arizona and Jefferson under the bills which were
pending in the last Congress ? Did not the gen-
tleman then vote to lay these bills on the table ?
Were there no people then in the Territory of
Arizona ? Were there no peopie in the Pike'sPeak
region at that time ? Both these Territories then
had their Delegates here outside the Hall of the
House of Representatives, asking us to give them
a territorial organization for the protection of
their people.
Mr. GOOCH. "She gentleman, instead of an-
swering my question, asks me a dozen others, in
such rapid succession that I cannot remember
half of them. I put to him a single question,
whether or not he was in favor of providing ter-
ritorial governments for the Territories of the
United States? There, sir, is a simple question
which I put to the gentleman, and he seeks to
evade it by asking questions of me. I put the
question again, whether or not he is in favor of
the policy of providing territorial organizations
for the Territories of the United States?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I desire to ask a
question of my colleague on the Committee on
Territories, the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Did lie not vote against establishing territorial
governments for Jefferson and for Arizona when
there were ten times as many people as there
are now in the Territory of Chippewa?
Mr. GOOCII. I can understand very well that
gentlemen on the other side of the House want
some excuse for the votes they have given here
to-day. [Laughter.] In answer to the gentle-
man's question, I reply that I do not remember
precisely how I voted in the last Congress upon
the bills to which he has referred; but I tell him
that I have never voted against a general system
of providing territorial governments for all the
Territories of the United^States.
Now, I can understand how a man who be-
lieves, as I think my colleague [Mr. Thayer]
does, that this Government has no power oyer
the Territories, or that it has no right to provide
a government for them; who believes that they
should be left outside of any action of Congress,
to grow up as they can, this Government having
no power at all to interfere with them—orat least
having no right, if it has the power—I say I can
understand how a man believingm such a policy,
should vote against these bills.
Mr. THAYER. If "the gentleman refers to
me by his remarks, I would like ta ask him when
I said that Congress had no power over the Ter-
ritories ? ,
Mr. GOOCH. If I recollect right, my colleague
said, in a speech which he made herea few weeks
ago, that this Government had no moral right to
govern the Territories.
Mr. THAYER. That, Mr. Speaker, is very
different from saying that Congress has no Con-
stitutional power to govern the Territories.
Mr. GOOCH. If my colleague had listened to
me, he would not have found it necessary to in-
terrupt me, for I made my qualification so as
to cover no broader ground than that which he
now admits he occupies. He admitted, as I rec-
ollect, the constitutional power, but denied the
-moral right. Now, sir, would any man demand
the exercise of a constitutional power which he
believed this Government had no moral tight to
enforce? I think such a constitutional power
would be of very little value. It therefore comes
to the same thing in the end, because a constitu-
tional power which you have no moral right to
exercise, is, for all practical purposes, no consti-
tutional power at all. My colleague, therefore,
makes a distinction without a difference. I know
he never would ask for the exercise of a power
which he has said we have no moral right to ex-
ercise. I say I can understand very well that a
man believing, as my colleague does, that Con-
gress has no moral right to govern the Territories,
should vote against all bills providing for the or-
ganization of territorial governments; butl do not
understand the position of gentlemen on the other
side of the House, who believe it is the right and
duty of Congress to provide governmcntsforthese
Territories, and yetvote against these bills which
we have presented to accomplish that purpose,
especially after we have given them an opportu-
nity to offer such amendments as they may de-
sire.
Now, sir, I hold that it is not only the moral
right, but that it is the duty of Congress to pro-
vide territorial governments for these Territories.
That has been the policy of the Government from
its foundation. We know it has been the theory
of this Government that wherever there is terri-
tory belonging to the United States, Congress is
responsible for its government. We have now,
as we all know, vast territories connected with
our Government, and the question is whether we
shall provide suitable governments for them, or
leave them unprovided for and without law, to
adopt institutions which may be hostile to the the-
ory and principles of our Government, and which
we must by and by eradicate, or permit to exist
to their detriment and ours. 1 look upon the peo-
ple of a Territory, not themselves as infants, but
upon the Territory as an infant State. The men
going into it are strangers to each other, and they
do not know who are the proper men to select for
their highest officers. They go there a few peo-
ple, scattered over a vast region of country, anil
from the very position which they hold in refer-
ence to each other geographically, they cannot
become acquainted with each other from the out-
set sufficiently well to enable them to select proper
men as their executive officers. For that reason,
sir, I .believe that it is the duty of Congress to
provide for the appointment of suitable men as
executive officers, not for the reason that these
men are not as capable of governing themselves
as wo are, but for the reason that they are not in
a position, from the outset, to frame and maintain
a government entirely independent of Congress;
and it is for that reason that the people of the
Territories are constantly making applications to
Congress for aid and assistance in the organi-
zation and maintenance of governments. Con-
gress does not force governments upon the people
of the Territories, but grants them in answer to
requests and petitions.
The people of theTerritories are thrown together
from all of the States of this Union, perhaps from
every country in the world; some with a knowl-
edge of our institutions and some without a knowl-
edge of them; and itseems to me that the true and
wise policy of this Government is, that Congress
shall give them organic acts, and through the Ex-
ecutive, or m some other manner, provide for the
appointment of the principal officers of the gov-
ernment in its organization, permitting the'people
to elect the men who are to enact their laws, as is
