2072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
now provided in ail bills for the organization of ter-
ritorial governments. Andforthispurposethepeo-
ple will from their own vicinity select men of whom
they may be supposed to have some knowledge,
and besides, the amount of power given to each
individual man in the Legislative Assembly does
notrenderitso important thatheshould be selected
with the same care and caution as the judicial and
highest executive officers.
After the Territory has been organized for a
time, after the people have had an opportunity
to become acquainted with each other, then the.
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Kellogg]—which has, I think, been accepted by
the committee—proposes thatthey shall elect their
own officers. And so long as the territorial con-
dition shall last, the United States pays from its
Treasury the expenses of the territorial govern-
ment.
The United States, through Congress and the
President, assists the people to form and sustain
a government, paying its expenses from the
Treasury of the united States, because the people
of a Territory are not, or are not supposed to be,
in a condition to organize their own government
at the outset, and pay the expenses of its main-
tenance. I never yet heard of any citizen of a
Territory who complained of this Government
for either of these acts.
Mr. LEAKE. Will the gentleman allow me
to propound an interrogatory to him ?
Mr. GOOCIt. Certainly.
Mr. LEAKE. I undeistand the gentleman to
say that he is in favor of organizing a territorial
government so that the people may govern them-
selves?
Mr. GOOCH. I have said that I believed it
was the right and duty of Congress to provide for
the appointment of executive officers, but that I
believed it was right and proper to permit the
peoplo to select the men who are to assist in the
enactment of laws in the Legislative Assembly.
Mr. LEAKE. How, then, does the gentleman
reconcile the outrageous vote cast yesterday, by
the other side, for a repeal of all of the laws passed
by the Territory of New Mexico on the subject
oi'slavery, with the view th.it he now takes?
Mr. GOOCH. It is for that reason, in part,
that I desire that Congress shall have power over
these Territories. I desire that Congress shall
have power to control the legislation of these Ter-
ritories. That is the reason why I am not will-
ing to let them organize governments for them-
selves, wholly independent of Congress. It is
bccausu I believe that it is the right and duty of
this Government, holding the relation of parent
to the Territory, whenever it passes laws which
are inconsistent with the theoryand policy of this
Government, to interfere and repeal those laws.
1 hold that the territorial governments hold the
same relation to this Government that the child
does to the parent; that so long as they govern
themselves properly and as they should, this Gov-
ernment will permit them to do so, with certain
limitations, and pay the expenses of their govern-
ment; but when they fail in their duty to govern
themselves properly, Congress should interpose
and correct or prevent the wrong which they pio-
pose to do. Oncof the reasons why I desire that
this Government shall retain its power over the
Territories is, that it may see to it that commu-
nities grow up there with laws and institutions
that will fit them at some future day to become
States, and be received into this Union on an
equality with the other States. And to accom-
plish that object, I deem it necessary that Con-
gress should retain its power over the laws en-
acted by the territonal government, and, when
need be, exercise it by repealing them. The gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Kelioog,] by his
amendment, proposes to authorize the people,
after a territorial government has been organ-
ized, and it shall have been ascertained that the
Territory has twenty thousand inhabitants, to
elect their judicial and executive officers. I do
not object to the pnncipleof the amendment; and
perhaps the number of inhabitants which has
been selected to confer upon the people that power
is judicious.
Gentlemen find particular fault with certain pro-
visions of these territorial bills; especially with
the one that states that slavery does not now ex-
ist in the Territory, and provides that nothing in
the organic act shall bo construed to authorizo or
permit its existence therein. That, sir, we all
know, is a.question which has been a great deal
discussed in this country. The Committee On
Territories had very good authority for introdu-
cing a restriction in relation to the existence of sla-
very in the Territory. I hold that we had the
undoubted right to do it; and I hold, still further,
that it was our duty to do it. I believe that the
best interests of this country require that slavery
shall be excluded from the Territories of the Uni-
ted States. WebelievethatCongresshastberight
and power to exclude it, and not permit the few
people who may first go into a Territory to fasten
slavery upon it forever; and therefore we have
introduced the provision to which I have re-
ferred.
Now, sir, I do not believe in the doctrine that
the Territories are to be open to the peoplo of the
country, to carry whatever property they choose
into them. I do not concur in any such doctrine.
Every State decides for itself what it will recog-
nize as property, and treats as property every-
thing which its laws make property. They have
one kind of property in Maine; another kind of
property in Massachusetts, Something may be
recognized as property in Maine which may not
be recognized as property in Massachusetts.
When we go into a Territory how shall it bo?
Has the Territory, which is organized, got to
adopt all the laws of all the States in relation to
property? When a controversy arises, as to the
title to property, is it to be determined by the State
from which the property came, or by the law of
the Territory where the property is? One man
may say, I come from Massachusetts, and this
article is recognized as property there, and I claim
to hold it here by the same title and under the same
law that I held it there. Another man may say,
I come from South Carolina; I claim to hold my
property by the same tenure that I would hold it in
South Carolina. The result would bo that there
would be just as many systems of laws in every
one of these Territories as there are States in the
Union. Wow, I hold that that would be an im-
possible Government. No man could frame a
Government to meet such a state of things as that.
I do not see how a Government could be adminis-
tered where there were thirty-three different sys-
tems of law m relation to property. And the fact
that it would be impossible to administer such a
Government shows that the Constitution of the
United States never contemplated such a Govern-
ment. Suppose a man goes from South Carolina
to a Territory, and carries with him his slaves, he
says: "I claim to hold m)*slaves by the same
tenure that I held them in South Carolina." A
man from Massachusetts goes to a Territory, and,
on his way out there, buys a slave, and carries
him with him. Will any man tell me by what
law he holds that slave?
Mr. KEITT. By the law of property.
Mr. GOOCH. Every government regards as
property that which the local law makes property.
No gentleman tells me by what law the Massa-
chusetts man is to hold his slave after he gets into
aTerntory. There is no law in the Territoryby
which he can do so; and he has gone from a State
which has no law in regard to slavery, except
that which piohibits it. And now I ask gentlemen
on the other side if their doctrine be that slaves
arc hold by the laws of the State from which the
master goes, how the Massachusetts man, bring-
ing a slave there, holds him'
Mr. BRANCH. I would like to reply to the
gentleman's question, if he will reply to a ques-
tion of mine.
Mr. GOOCH. I was asking the gentleman a
question. I would like to hear his answer; but I
make no bargains.
Mr. BRANCH. If a man from Massachu-
setts, on his way out to a Territory, marries a
woman in another State, and if the validity of
that marriage comcs into controversy when he
gets into the Territory, I ask the gentleman by
what law would the territorial courts decide
whether the marriage was valid or invalid ? When
the gentleman ans%vers that, I will say that, by the
same law a Massachusetts man may hold his
slave.
Mr. GOOCH. If the gentle'man from North
Carolina will point outto me a State where there
is u law piolubitmg marriage, a law saying that
no man can oi shall marry a wife, and if a man
from such State goes into a Territory and marries
a wife on his road there, then there will be some
parallel between the cases; but there is no parallel
between them now, because my State sanctions
marriage as well as every other State, and the .
common law sanctions marriage.
Mr. BRANCH. If Massachusetts had a law
prohibiting marriage, and if a Massachusetts man,
on his way out to the Territory, marries a wife
in the StateofSouth Carolina,andafterhe reaches
the Territory the validity of the marriage is called
in question,! ask the gentleman whether ho holds
that the law of Massachusetts could render the
marriage illegitimate, and bastardize the issue of
the marriage?
Mr. GOOCH. By no means. But the two
things arc entirely different. The marriage rela-
tion is recognized at common law. Slavery is not
recognized at common law. Slavery has a local
existence; and where it exists, it exists only by
the law of that place. It is a well-settled princi-
ple; and no one knows better than the gentleman
from North Carolina, that while a man can travel
all over tho world with his wife, he cannot take
his slave property where the local laws do not
recognize slavery. It is the master whom you
claim carries the laws of the State of which he had
been a citizen with him, not the slave.
Mr. TAYLOR. Will the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts answer me a question? I want to know
on what principle it is that the right of a person
to the property which he carries into a Territory
is recognized ?
Mr. GOOCH There are certain kinds of prop-
erty, Mr. Speaker, which are recognized as prop-
erty everywhere,which are recognized as property
at common law.
Mr. TAYLOR. Does the common law prevail
where it is not established ?
Mr. GOOCH. The common law prevails, I
apprehend, wherever the Constitution of the
United States extends.
Mr. TAYLOR. The Constitution of the United
States—the laws of the United States—do not ex-
tend to any territory beyond the limits of a State,
unless they have been extended by positive pro-
vision of law. That is the settled practice under
the Government of the United States.
Mr. GOOCH. The common law?
Mr. TAYLOR. Neither the common law nor
any other law. And now, again, I ask the gen-
tleman, on what it is that the right to any kind
of property which he may carry with him into a
Territory is protected. I will answer the ques-
tion if the gentleman allow me. It is on the prin-
ciple that, m the Territories of the-United States,
the citizens of the United States, who go there,
are protected in their rights of property under the
local law of the State from which he goes.
Mr. GOOCH. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. TAYLOR. Now, allow me. The Gov-
ernment of the United States is in a peculiar po-
sition. It is composed of a number of separate
and sovereign States. It has itself no law of
property common to all of the States; every State
establishes for itself its own laws of property;
and when citizens meet on the possessions of the
United States, which are the common posses-
sions of all of the States, each citizen who earries
with him property recognized by the local law of
the State he went from, is entitled to be protected
in his possession and enjoyment of it by the public
authority exerted there by the national Govern-
ment, which is only a trustee exercising power
for the benefit of all the States. But it is other-
wise with prohibitory laws of a particular State
that deprive a citizen of his rights. They do not,
as a matter of course, travel with him.
Mr. GOOCH. Why does not the law which
prohibits slavery go with him, as well as the law
which protects slavery ?
Mr. TAYLOR. Because prohibitory laws are
restraints or restrictions which prevent the exer-
cise of what were rights before their enactment.
Rights under laws are things positive, and exist;
and must be protected in the common Territories
by the national authority.
Mr. GOOCH. Property is protected as much
by prohibition as it is by sanction.
Mr. TAYLOR. No, sir. Not unless it is a
prohibition against interference with it.
Mr. GOOCH. By prohibiting certain things,
as well as by sanctioning other things, the value of
property may be affected; and the whole theory
of the gentleman seems to be based upon the as-
