1128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
should be refunded, (and the gross amount of
those duties, as I understand, is upwards of three
million dollars—I am so informed by the Senator
from Rhode Island—while the individual claims
are only about two thousand dollars, as a general
thing, or less than three thousand, the amount
necessary to authorize an appeal:) this court goes
on, and" decides these §3,000,000 of claims before
the nextsession ofXongress; there, then, is that
amount of existinpSudgments rendered against
the United States infavor of individuals through-
out the country; and to -whom is the one or two
hundred thousand dollars that you have appro-
priated in the general appropriation bill to be paid?
Ifow is it to be distributed among those several
claimants ? Is there any provision in the bill by
which there iff to be a pro rata distribution; or
are those who first come to receive the whole
money ? I should like to have the friends of the
bill state to us how that is.
Mr. 1BENJAMIN. Did I understand the Sen-
ator from Iowa as asking a question ? Will he
repeat his question ? I did not understand it ex-
actly. I was saying something to a friend next me.
Mr. GRIMES. Suppose the claims of those
individuals who fltow claim the refunding of draw-
backs, paid on account of spirituous liquors, shall
all be allowed by the Court of Claims: the indi-
vidual claims, as I understand, are generally less
than three thousand dollars; but the aggregate
amount exceeds, I am told by the Senator from
Rhode Island, probably three million. Suppose
that before the next session of Congress all those
claims should be allowed: you have appropriated
. in a general appropriation bill one or two hundred
thousand dollars to meet, the decisions of the court;
under the provisions of this bill, to whom is the
$200,000 to be paid? Is it to be distributed pro
rata among the several claimants who have judg-
ments, or is it to be paid to those in whoso favor
the first judgments are rendered?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator from Iowa, I
beg his pardon, certainly has not read the bill.
The bill provides that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall pay the judgments as they are rendered,
and presented to him for payment; and when ho
has got through with his appropriation, he will
stop, and he cannot pay any more until Congress
shall give him more money to pay with. That
is perfectly plain. The bill says so. The ques-
tion docs not arise.
Mr. IVERSON. I will ask the Senator from
Louisianaone question, if he will allow me. Sup-
pose that, after the $200,000, or any other amount
appropriated, shall be exhausted, there is left a mil-
lion and a half ortwo million of judgments: how
are they to bo paid? Of course, the next Con-
gress must make an appropriation; and according
to this bill and the construction put by the Senator
from Virginia, Congress is bound to make an ap-
propriation. Therefore, we might as well take
the original bill and provide that every judgment
of the Court of Claims to be hereafter rendered
shall be paid out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, because it amounts
to the same thing precisely. You make an ap-
propriation of two or three hundred thousand
dollars; that is exhausted, leaving a large amount
of judgments unpaid; and the next session, by
law, as well as the dictates of honor, you are bound
to appropriate to pay the balance.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will answer the Senator.
Suppose the Senator were to put to mo this ques-
tion, which would, of course, be still more start-
ling: suppose the court were to adjudicate, during
the summer, $10,000,000,000: where would they
be paid ? I simply say there is no such possibil-
ity. If he puts the question that the court may
give millions of judgments before the next Con-
gress, I answer him that the experience of fire
years shows the thing tobc an utter impossibility,
and therefore we do not provide for it. 1 will tell
him, further, that r>o possible scries of cases of
that kind could ever be brought before us from
the Court of Claims. You cannot make up any
class of claims in this Government involving mil-
lions of dollars with no claim amounting to $3,000.
That is all moonshine. So far as the question
arises about the return of duties, as they have
been spoken of to-day, I will say this, though it
is going off on a collateral subject: the Committee
on Claims, in reporting against these drawback
duties, which I have no more doubt are due by
this Government than that I stand here, has as-
sumed to reverse the ^decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States and of the Court of
Claims; and I further say that, to my knowledge,
Congress has never agreed to the report of the
committee; and I cannot believe it will do such
monstrous injustice as to agree to it. I have ex-
amined those cases; they have been sent to my
rooms under cover; and I have been astonished
to see that, in defiance of the decision of the Su-
preme Court of the United States, and in defiance
of the decision of the Court of Claims, the Com-
mittee on Claims has reported to Congress that,
where a man imports a cask of liquor which, at
the start from the foreign port, contained one hun-
dred gallons, but when it reached the port of de-
livery had lost half of it by leakage, and there
remained fifty gallons brought into the country,
he shall pay duty on the one^hundred gallons with
which he started from abroad, or else that he shall
not have his goods brought into the country at
all; for that is the whole question in these draw-
back cases.
The Secretary of the Treasury, over and over
again, made men pay duties on goods that never
reached the country; that were lost nt sea; lost by
leakage, or from some other cause. The Supreme
Court of the United States lield, when the amount
was large enough to go to it, that the Government
had no right to make any such claim. Those who
had paid under protest, or without protest, went'
to the Court of Claims, and asked to have their
money paid back. That court, under the decision
of the Supreme Court of the United States, and,
in my judgment, according to the plainest princi-
ples of justice, determined that the money had been
wrongfully exacted and ought to be given up; and
that case is brought up here as an illustration of the
millions upon millions of dollars we are going to
pay that we do not owe!
1 am sorry that I have been led into this col-
lateral subject, because it will bringup lialfa dozen
speeches again about it. I did not intend to refer
to it, but it has been spoken of three or four times
already in the debate, and that is the whole case
of the drawback claims. m
Now, as regards the pension claims, that class
of claims under pension laws was provided for
by the amendment of the Senator from Georgia,
(Mr. Toombs,] which we adopted. Our bill is
now exclusively confined to titles and claims to
money on principles of law and on principles of
equity; to cases where you eould go into court and
make an individual pay. In those cases, we say,
the Government ought not to take advantage of
its prerogative, and refuse to do justice.
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr. President, I should not
now say anything about this bill, because I once
said a few words about it, if the Senator from
Louisiana had not referred to a report of the Com-
mittee on Claims, or if he had stated the report of
the case as it was. The case he refers to was no
such case as he thinks. It was not a question of
drawback at all; nor had it ever been to the Su-
preme Court. The case was an application for
the return of overpaid duties; and it did not rest
upon the idea of our charging for a whole cask
of liquor when half of it had leaked out. In the
case that wo examined, till such deductions had
been made at the custom-house, where there was
any waste or loss. The question involved was
whether, when a merchant imported goods, and
insisted upon making his rest in his account as
to the charges that should go on them in the for-
eign port, he could, when he stopped having that
increased by the charges, claim the natural wa|te
there was in the voyage. That was the question;
and the Secretaiy of the Treasury had, as we
thought clearly, dccided undoubtedly that, upon
the importation of a cargo of merchandise, the
rest in the account should be made in the1 foreign
port when they were on ship-hoard, and that they
could claim no allowance for waste after that;
because it was for the benefit of the importer that
the rest should be made in the account at the place
of exportation, and that no additional charges
should be added; and if the importers take that
side of it, we concluded they were bound to take
the other, too, and not let us keep lining, and they
gaining, without our getting the compensating
advantages of the voyage; and I do not believe any
man who will examine those casps will under-
take to say that there is any editable or jitst
claim upon the part of any one of those men for
the return of those duties.
I think it must be some other case that the
Senator refers to. I know it was not this one that
was decided. I agree that men will get precedents
established, and go on from one thing to another,
until they take all the money there is in the Treas-
ury. The report of the comrftittcc was unani-
mous, and the Secretary of the Treasury was with
us, against both the Court of Claims and the Su-
preme Court, but we did not examine any such
question as the Senator supposes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Iver-
son.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bingham, Cameron, Chandler, Doolit-
tle, Durkee, Fitch, Grimes, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Iverson,
Johnson of Tennessee, Simmons, Stunner, Wade, and
Wilkinson—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler,
Biagg, Chesnut, Clay, Collainer, Crittenden, Davis, Dixon,
Douglas, Fessendcn, Fitzpatriek, Foot, Foster, Green,
Gwin, Hammond, Hemphill, Hunter, JCennedy, Lane,
Latham, Maiiory, Nicholson, Pearee, Powell, [lice, Thom-
son, Toombs, Wiglall, and Wilson—
- So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now renew the amend-
ment which I offered to insert at the end of section
four:
Jlnd -provided further, That in all oases when the amount
allowed to the claimant shall exceed the sum of $20,000,
the same shall not be paid or payable until a specific appro-
priation by Congress therefor.
I ask for the yeas and nays on the amendment.
The yeas ana nays were ordered. c
Mr. DAVIS. If the object of the Senator from
Wisconsin be to give the power to render a final
judgment in cases jindfcr that amount, and he
would so vary it, Jihould concur with him, or
even a smaller amount; but if the bill as it now
stands gives power to the court to render final
judgment, then I do not see that we have any
right to withhold payment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Thisproviso is, that it shall
not be paid or payable without a specific appro-
priationBy Congress; which, I think, would imply
a supervisory power on the part of Congress.
The word " payable" is used for that purpose.
The question being taken by yeas and naysi
resulted—yeas 18, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—j\lessr-i. Bingham. Cameron, Chandler, Doo-.
little, Durkee, Fitch, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Iverson, John-
son of Tennessee, Kins, tatham, Mallory, Simmons,
Sumnei, Wade, and Wilkinson—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler,
Brag?, J3iown, Chesnut, Clay, Coliamer, Crittenden, Davis,
Dixon, Douglas. Fcssenden, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Foster,
Green, Hammond, Hemphill, Hunter, Lane,
l'eaice, Powell, SlideH, Thomson, Toombs, Wilson, and
Yulee—30.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HALE. I have an additional section to
offer:
And be it further enacted, That whenever any person is
sued in any Federal court by the United Stales, he felia.Il
have leave to file an offset; and if, upon the trial, it shall be
ascertained that a balance is due him, and the judge who
tried the cause shall be satisfied that such balance is due,
the court shall issue a certificate of the amount so found
due him, and, on presentation to the Secretary of the
Treasury of said certificate, the amount so found due shall
be paid to the person entitled to receive the snme, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
By this bill you propose to open the Treasury
to suitors that go into the Court of Claims as
plaintiffs. Now, I simply propose that, in the
Federal courts of the JJnion, where you compel
a person to go in when you sue him, if there is a
balance found due him on offset, and the judge
who tries the cause is satisfied with the finding—
and that is one of your own judges, a Federal
judge, and the suit defended by a Federal officer,
on the finding of a jury, certified by the judge
that it is correct—the defendant shall have the
same privilege that your suitor, the plaintiff, has
here. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr.tBROWN. I desire to say, before the vote
is announced, that the Senator from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Clingman,] being indisposed, desired
to retire from the Chamber. He being altogether
for this bill,and I altogether opposed to it, I paired
off with him.
The result was announced—yeas 16, nays 35;
as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Cameron, Chandler,
Doolittle, Durkee, Grimes, Hale, Hailan, Johnson of Ten-
