8016
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
say it is enough if they bear the consequence of
their own errors; their own mistakes; but the
operation of an ad valorem principle upoa the goods
competing with them forces them to do more than
this; and whatever incidental aid they derive from
your revenue laws comes to them in an inverse
ratio to the necessity that exists for it. When
they need most, they get least; and when they
noed least they get most. "When business is brisk
and prices are high; when the consumer is al-
ready abundantly burdened, and the producer suf-
ficiently rewarded, the Government comes in and
makes this largest exaction, and swells the cus-
toms. It facilitates rather than restrains fluctua-
tions; and it imposes on the American producer
the consequence, to some extent, of his foreign
competitor, or the consequences of causes over
which he could have no possible control. For,
when there is an excess production of iron or
any other staple article in England, and the price
for that or any other cause declines, the ad valo-
rem runs down at an equal ratio, and thus facili-
tates importations, and breaks down the Ameri-
can producer. The specific principle would have
the reverse tendency. 11 would seem to run up, and
interpose against importation,and, in the end, the
home consumers pays more than he would have
done under a system of specific charges. That is
the operation that is complained of. Understand
me, Mr. President. I am perfectly aware that
you cannot apply the specific principle to a great
variety of mixed articles, the value of which can-
not be described by the quantity. I say it is
where the operation will be equal; and where the
charge is made upon the quantity of the article of
the same character and value, such as a ton of
iron, or a pound of sugar, that specific mode is
right and useful.
But, sir, 1 had not intended to go into these
details had not the Senator from Virginia forced
upon me the necessity. 1 think it right, in order
that we may be able to understand what those
who presented this measure really expect and
desire, that i should take a glance at the rates of
dutyunder the tariffs of 1842, 1846, 1857, and the
proposed bill. I think this is a much more simple
mode of presenting the subject than that adopted
by my friend from Virginia-, and if Senators will
listen to me for a few moments, I will run over
some of the loading articles. At the same time, I
stand upon my original position, that all the ar-
gument of the Senator from Virginia on these
details goes for nothing; because it is only a rea-
son why they should be altered. If the bill is
imperfect,he should make it perfect; but he gave
a coloring to the bill which 1 do not think it will
bear. .Now, sir, 1 desire to show that the allega-
tion that this measure is us extreme as that of
1842, is a mistake. That suggestion comes from
those who have not examined it.
First, let us take iron castings. In the tariff of
1842 they were put at four cents per pound; in the
tariff of 1856, at thirty per cent.; in that of 1857,
at twenty-four per cent.; in the present bill,at half
acent per pound, instead of four cents, as in thetatiif
of 1842. Pig iron was $9 a ton under the tanll'of
1842; thirty per cent, under that of 1846; twenty-
four percent. under that of 1857; and is £6 a ton in
the proposed bill. The ad valorem principle, re-
duced to specific rates for six years on thus article,
was$5 35 a ton. That is what the consumers of pig
metal have paid under the ad valorem rate. [Then
we come to bar iron and blooms, and rolled and
hammered iron. The duty was $25 per ton in
1842; in the tariff of 1846, thirty per cent.; in the
present tariff, twenty-four per cent.; and in the bill
gending bar and hammered iron is put at $15 a ton.
[oops and bands, under the tariff of 1842, were
$56 a ton; and in the present House bill arc put
at §20 a ton; and paid under the ad valorem prin-
ciple, for six years, an average of §16 87.
There is an item of wrought iron, which mani-
festly misled the Senator from Vnginia. That is
a very peculiar iron, and every slap-builder and
beiler-makcr in the country, and our supervising
inspectors, ought to protest against the admission
of the foreign article at ail, it is so inferior; and
one of the reasons for putting this iatc up is to
exclude the ordinary article, which has cost us so
many lives and so much property. That was
£56 a ton in the tariff of 1842; m the pending bill
it is only §19. Under the tariff of 1846, it actu-
ally paid $,25 11. Yet this is presented by the
Senator from Virginia as a monstrosity. Then
as to iron wire, the Senator from Virginia has
been misled. The iron wire is highly finished,
and costs an enormous price. The present ad
valorem duty amounts to $11 60 a ton. I am not
prepared to say exactly what it costs per ton;
but when you reduce the charge in the present
bill to an ad valorem rate, it is a small average
charge, and no Senator here would object to it if
it were in an ad valorem shape.
Brandy, in the tariff of 1842, was charged at
one dollar per gallon; 1856, one hundred per cent.;
1857, thirty per cent.; in the bill proposed, ono
dollar per gallon.
Champagne wine was, in the tariff of 1842, at
one dollar per gallon; 1846, forty per cent.; 1857,
thirty per cent.; and the bill under consideration
puts it at forty cents a gallon.
Maderia wine is put m this bill at seventy-five
cents per gallon. It was sixty cents in the tariff
of 1842, and is thirty per cent, under the present
law. Spirits from grain and other materials were
sixty cents under the tariff of 1842, and the present
bill proposes to put them at forty cents.
Now we come to the article of sugar, on which
the Senator from Virginia made such a special
point. Brown sugar was two and a half cents a
pound under the tariff of 1842. and is one cent per
pound in the proposed bill. White sugar, in the
bill of 1842, was put at four cents a pound; under
the proposed bill it is a cent and a half a pound.
Refined sugar, under the tariff of 1842, was six
cents; under the proposed bill it is two and a half
cents. In the tariff of 1846 all sugais weio thirty
per cent., and in the present law twenty-four per
cent.
But here I wish to turn to this sugar question.
Now on a table of duties which I have before me,
the importation of brown sugar for 1850, was
654,226,000 pounds; the revenue fiomwhich was
$6,542,000. That is under the present law. It
is virtually no increase; and if the Senator from
Virginia will take a period of four years, including
the year 1857, the bill pending is absolutely a in-
duction upon sugar, instead of an increase. Wc
collected over $12,000,000 in 1857 from this aiti-
cle alone, and it is worthy of comment here, that
that extravagance of price,that fluctuation which
made the consumer pay exorbitantly, was under
the ad valorem principle. If the duty had been one
cent a pound,you would have had but$6,000,000
from the poor, instead of having $12,000,000.
When we look at thus subject wc must look at the
whole of it. For my pai t, I only desire to look at
so much of it as anxwismy present purpose.
Then, again, as to hemp, which the Senator had
occasion to notice. Does tin; Senator from Vir-
ginia pretend to say that this bill is exorbitant
upon hemp? So far as the raw material is con-
cerned, it is helow the present rates, and below
the tariff of 1846. It was $40 per ton in the act
of 1842, thirty per cent, under that of 1846, twen-
ty-four per cent, now, and is £30 Por ton the
proposed bill. Manilla hemp was $25 m 1842,
fifteen pei cent, in 1816, nineteen per cent now,
and is $15 per ton in the proposed bill. Cordilia
hemp was ^20 in 1^12, twi lvev percent, in 1846,
twelve per cent now, and $12 per ton in the pro-
posed hill.
Next take silks. In 1842, they were £2 50 a
pound; in 1S46, twenty-five to thirty percent.; in
the present law nineteen to twenty-four per cent.;
in the proposed bill from twenty to thirty per
cent, ad valorem. What is there in that item to
become so much alarmed about?
Then look at the item of glass. I am not so
familiar with the various forms of ^tass; but let
us look at the duties on window glass. Under
the tariff of 1842 it was two and a half to six cents
per square foot for square plate ^lass; for the
ground glass ten cents: and polished glass as high
as twelve cents a square foot. It was twelve pel-
cent. in 18*'6: is from fifteen to twenty-four per
cent, in the present law. It is one cent per square
foot on common, two cents on the ground, and
three cents oil the polished glass under the pro-
posed bill.
Then as to the article of steel, there is not the
startling difference thai ihe Senate: fiom Virginia
seems to think; but 1 do not care to go over that.
I have an abundance of documents hcic to answer
him in legard to it. All this demonstration about
steel come from the importers and from a foreign
house or two, who have the boldness to assert to
the Congress of the United States that there are
no manufactures of steel in the United States, and
that steel is a raw material. Why, sir, there arc
six or eight establishments in the city of Pitts-
burg, in my own State. It is one of our growing
home interests; and in a very short time we shall
have an abundance of home-made steel; and when
you do get it, you will get a better article, prob-
ably, than the most of that which is now im-
ported. One of the grounds of complaint is, that
there is but twelve percent, on German steel, and
importers manage to smuggle in under the term,
" German bar-steel," steel that belongs properly
to the other classes. But I do not say this sec-
tion of the present bill ought not to be modified,
by any moans. It appears that it needs modifi-
cation; but, as I said before, that is no reason for
refusing to consider it.
On cigars the duty was forty per cent, in 1842.
Forty per cent, in the tariff of 1846 is thirty per
cent, now; and it is proposed in the present bill to
charge fifty cents per pound and ten per cent, ad
valorem above that. This may be very exorbi-
tant, but the intention is to give our own American
makers the business which they used to follow,
and which has been taken from them by the Ger-
man tobacconists, and by which American con-
sumers are imposed upon. The German cigars
are brought here at a lower rate than cigars can
be made in this country, and a worse artielc.
Great Britain charges $2 50 a pound on cigars,
and my friend from Virginia is startled at fifty
cents. They do something else, as the result of
their long experience, equally startling to that
Senator. They collect their entire duties, save a
mere fraction, on the specific principle. I believe
it is less than two dollars out of $100 that they
collect on the ad valorem principle. They used to
collect much more, and 1 saw it recently stated
that thero was a great advance in the way of lib-
eral intercourse and free trade between Great Brit-
ain and Fiance, because in their late treaty they
made a regulation about the tariff. What does
that amount to ? It was said that it was ad valo-
rem. It is ad valorem for about six months, and
that ad valorem is a basis to be reduced to specific
rates and carry out exactly the British policy. I
do not stand hero to impress that mode of charge,
but I do insist that it is simply a mode of maki ng
the charge. You may make it right upon the
quantity or wrong upon the quantity; you may
make it right upon the value or wrong upon the
value. This is just one of those business ques-
tiona which men who comprchoud its workings
must properly adjust.
Now for the wool business. The tariff of 1842
provided that wool costing under seven cents per
pound should be free, and over seven cents and
under eleven, should pay a duty of five cents per
pound. The duty was twenty per cent, m the tariff
of 1846. The present rate is fifteen per cent, on
wool costing twenty cents per pound and up-
wards. Now, what is proposed here ? Three cents
per pound on wool costing less than eighteen and
not over twenty-four cents per pound, and nine
ccnts on that over twenty-four cents per pound.
So far as wool is concerned, I understand that the
particular guardians of that interest in the other
branch of Congress refused to vote for the bill
because they thought it put the rates of wool too
low.
There are very many things; in connection with
the details of this subject which I might go over,
but I now desue to bring my icmaiks to a close.
I have already taken much more time than I in-
tended. I did not intend to go into any of these
details, and should not have done so bnt for the
course pursued by the Senator from Vnirinia.
Rut, sir, in addition to the reasons which I have
assigned, connected with the necessities for icvis-
ion, I should not be candid, and 1 should not do
myself or the Senate justice, did I not say that
otfier motives impel me. My constituents believe
that the present adjustment of duties does not
leave their great iron inteiest m the relative posi-
tion which it orcup'ed prior to 1857; that it baa
no special benefit from the present large frse list.
The free articles enter but very little into the pro-
duction of iron, and the duty was reduced six per
cent. For the manufacture of textile fabrics it is
direct protection and aid. Th«y are, therefore,
anxious on this subject; and it was news to rac
