1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2078
sumption that where no law exists, any one man
may reduce another to slavery, and hold him as
his slave; or that one man has the right to own
his fellowman until some law shall be enacted
which shall restrict or restrain that right.
Mr. REAGAN. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. GOOCH. I cannot answer the questions
of more than six or eight gentlemen at a time.
Now, in regard to the doctrine of carrying prop-
erty into Territories, I hold that when the United
States establish a government over a Territory, it
is an independent government; that it is just as
independent of all State governments as State gov-
ernments are independent of a territorial govern-
ment. And the same rule applies when you take
property from a State into a Territory, as when
you take property from a Territory into a State,
or from one State to another. The State or Ter-
ritory to which it is carried determines for itself
whether it will recognize it as property or not,
and whether it will protect its owner in the enjoy-
ment of it or not.
Now, sir, by what rules are States governed
with respect to this matter? If, on the whole,
the recognition of property in slaves does not con-
flict with the best interests of a State, nor the
moral sentiments of the people, by comity, the
owner would be permitted to hold his slaves
when taken into it; but if, in the opinion of the
people of that State, it does conflict with the best
interests of the community, or the moral senti-
ments of the people, he would not bo permitted to
hold them there.
I hold that when we, as Congress, legislate in
regard to the Territories, we have the same right
to decide for the Territories what property shall
be recognized therein and what shall be excluded
therefrom, as a State lias to decide what shall be
property within its limits; and comity does not
require us to permit the carrying of any property
into a Territory which, on the whole, would oper-
ate injuriously to the interests of^that Territory,
or the recognition of which, as property, would be
against the moral sentiments of the people of the
country. I hold not only that we have the right,
but that it is our duty thus to legislate.
That is the position we hold in relation to the
power of Congress over the Territories; and that
is why we insert in our bills the proviso that sla-
very shall not exist in the Territories.
Mr. REAGAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to interpose a remark just there ? I wish to enter
an objection to the position taken by the gentle-
man from Louisiana, [Mr. Taylor.] I dissent
from the proposition that neither the Constitution
nor the laws of the United States go into the
Territories until taken there by positive enact-
ment. Certainly it is true, and I think it is estab-
lished by the adjudication of the proper tribunals,
that the Constitution is coterminous with the
territory of the United States, and all its provis-
ions, which protect the vested rights and private
property of citizens of the United States, follow
them, go with them, and protect them wherever
they go, either in the Territories of the United
States, or in the States, if the State jurisdiction
does not supersede the operation of the provisions
of the Constitution.
Mr. STANTON. I should like to answer the
gentleman from Texas.
Mr. TAYLOR. If the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts will allow me, I will only state that there
cannotbe found an instance, since the foundation
of this Government, in which there has not been
a positive law to extend the authority of the Con-
stitution and of the laws over a Territory of the
United States. And whilst I agree with the gen-
tleman from Texas as to the manner in which the
power is to be exercised wherever the authority
of the United States extends, it is entirely on a dif-
ferent principle. The true principle is this: where
there is a power exercised under the authority of
the United States, that power is exercised by the
public agent, whoever he may be, in conformity
with thcprinciplesofthe Constitution,from which
he derives his power, and it is subjected to all the
limitations imposed on it in that instrument.
Mr. GOOCH. I do not propose to discuss the
question about which the gentleman from Lou-
isiana and the gentleman from Texas disagree,
but 1 want to ask the gentleman from Louisiana,
what law of the United States provides for the ex-
istence of slavery in the Territories?
Mr. TAYLOR. None, sir; but it is the com-
mon law of the land, as it is a part of the law of
property in a portion of the United States.
Mr. GOOCH. The common law of whatland?
Mr. TAYLOR. Hold still. [Laughter.] The
law of property in each State is its own law. The
Government of the United States is but a trustee
for the States. It is in the exercise of delegated
powers only for the benefit and advantage of the
several Stales and of their citizens; and wherever
the authority of the United States extends, the
rights of individuals, under the laws which regu-
late the rights of property within the limits of the
several States, are of equal force and effect within
the Territories of the United States; and it is the
duty of the General Government to exert its
power there for the protection of the citizen in
the possession of these rights, no matter from
what State he goes.
Mr. GOOCH. What laws do you refer to ? Do
you refer to the Constitution for your authority
or to any legislative enactment ?
Mr. TAYLOR. The Constitution extends over
the United States simply.
Mr. GOOCH. Yes, sir; but does itnotextend
over the Territories ?
Mr. TAYLOR. When the Governmentof the
United States extends it there, and not till then,
as you will discover, if you will consider the cases
in which we have wrested territory from a foreign
Power and held it by executive authority.
Mr. REAGAN made a remark which, in con-
sequence of the prevailing confusion, the reporter
could not hoar.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I rise to a question
of order. I desire to know how much time the
gentleman from Massachusetts has ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has five min-
utes. The Chair will take care of that. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. GOOCH. There was so much confusion
that it was impossible for me to hear the gen tie-
man from Louisiana, or the gentleman from Texas;
but I understood the gentleman from Texas to
inquire where we get the right to destroy prop-
erty. I do not consider this any destruction of
property. It exists as property while in a certain
condition, and when it is removed out of that con-
dition it ceases to be property.
Mr. REAGAN. By what law?
Mr. GOOCH. Two men leave a State, one man
being the slave of the other; but when they pass
voluntarily and together out of that State into
another, where slavery is not recognized, each
has an equal right to claim the other-as his slave,
or rather neither has any right to claim the other
as a slave.
Mr. REAGAN. By what law?
Mr. GOOCH. By the law of nature; by the
fact that the two men were made by God, and
were entitled originally to equal rights and priv-
ileges. When they pass beyond the local limit
that made one of them a slave, they assume the
position which God intended them to occupy, and
stand upon an equality before God, and before
the laws.
Mr. REAGAN. Does the gentleman regard
the law of nature as overruling the provisions of
the Constitution, or as superseding the protective
provisions of the Constitution?
Mr. GOOCH. The gentleman asks me if I
consider the law of nature as overruling the Con-
stitution. I tell linn no. I consider the Consti-
tution of the United States to be in accordance
and in agreement with the law of nature. I con-
sider that the Constitution of the United States
does not provide for and establish the existence
of slavery. The men who framed the Constitu-
tion of the United States never intended to make
a Government which was to uphold and be re-
sponsible for the existence of slavery. The Con-
stitution only recognized slavery from necessity.
The institution of slavery is not in accordance
with the provisions or the spirit of the Constitu-
tion.
That provision of the Constitution which pro-
hibits the abolition of the slave trade up to a cer-
tain date is often quoted as showing that the Con-
stitution recognizes and provides for the existence
of slavery. "Just the reverse is true. Thirteen
independent States, every one of which had the
power to continue the slave trade as lorn* as it
might please, yielded up that power to a Govern-
ment which they knew would suppress it as soon
as it had authority to do so; and for that reason
they insisted that i,t should not he exercised until
1808. Instead, therefore, of being quoted as a rec-
ognmon of slavery or the slave trade on the part
of the United States Government, it may, in my
judgment, be properly quoted as showing that the
United States Government was intended and ex-
pected to be hostile to slavery and the slave traSle.
That power was exercised by this Government at
the earliest possible moment,
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. THAYER. Mr. Speaker, I have listened
with great interest to the remarks of my colleague,
and also to those of the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Cortis]. They have manifested suitable
ingenuity in the discussion of this question; for,
sir, it is the work of giants to prove to the people
of this country that they have not right to gov-
ern themselves, and that Congress has a right to
govern them. That is a work that can be done
only by giants. It is easy for ordinary men,"for
common men, to show to the people of thiscoun-
try that they have the right to govern themselves
and that they are abundantly prepared to exer-
cise that right. In the early history of this Gov-
ernment, we had the Providence Plantations, the
Plymouth colony, and the New Haven colony,
which drummed but a Governor forced upon them
by a non-rfsident Power, and thereby secured to
that State an indestructible possession—the proud
history of the charter oak. Those men from the
old country formed upon our soil model govern-
ments, ana they did it without ever having had
the experience afforded by the exercise of self-
government.
But, sir, it is contended that we who have al-
ways governed ourselves, when we go to a Ter-
ritory of the United States are unable to tell our
hands from our feet. It is contended that a man
not only loses his rights, but loses his common
sense, by going to a Territory. The gentleman
from Iowa 
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. THAYER. I will allow no interruption.
The gentleman from Iowa refused to let me ask
him a question. I remember that.
Mr. CURTIS. I certainly did not, or at least,
I did not intend it.
Mr. THAYER. I shall not be interrupted. I
have the floor.
Mr. CURTIS I did not hear the gentleman if
he asked me any question.
Mr. THAYER. I was not astonished at the
surprise which my colleague manifested thatl had
taken the lead in this business of killing off these
territorial organizations which go upon the as-
sumption that the people in a Territory are in-
fants. Therefore I could understand the grief
which he and the gentleman from Iowa must have
felt when they saw that this leading and thisvot-
ing wore successful in the accomplishment of that
result. Rachel mourned for her first-born, and
would not be comfortcd. This day's slaughter
of the innocents is no doubt an appropriate cause
and occasion of grief.
Sir, grief may have a salutary influence upon
men. The efforts of ingenuity and of invention
may quicken their intellects. I am glad to see
gentlemen strivingfor arguments that do not exist,
and can never be found, showing why Congress
should make an organic law for the people of the
Territories, who are a thousand times better ablo
than Congress to understand their wishes and
necessities. There was need, sir, in this work,
of quick and ready invention, of nervous strug-
gling for expedients. "VVc have witnessed all that
this day—
"All the soul in rapt suspension;
All the quivering, palpitating
Chords of life in utmost tension
With the fervor nf invention,
With the rapture of creating."
I said grief itself may be salutary, and when
these gentlemen see that they are m the minority,
and that we who oppose their favorite measures
are a majority in this House, I sympathize with
them. I know something about the effect of de-
feat; and I say it, for their consolation, that I
think it may be good. Sir, I have known some-
thing of the feeling of men who have experienced
defeat; this feeling of distrust of the power of
Providence to carry forward a good cause; this
loss of faith in men; this ruinous, and apparently-
crushing despair, may sometimes work great good.
The pearl is only the crystallizedtearof theoyster.
Mr. GOOCH rose.
