1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
j? a ■
109
the North who are ready to strike down the con-
stitutional guarantees and limitations of this Gov-
ernment. An assault, too, is made upon the Su-
preme Court of the United States. That, perhaps,
is one of the most unfavorable symptoms of the
times. Has not the Supreme Court of the United
States decided that citizens of the South have as
mucif right to carry their institutions and various
descriptions of property into the Territories as
citizens of the North have to carry theirs? That
court has, upon solemn argument and re-argu-
ment, pronounced the Missouri compromise to be
unconstitutional, because it violates the rights of
the people of the South. Yet the Supreme Court
is assailed! It shows the feeling at the North.
They make war not only upon ihc Supreme Court,
but upon the constitutional rights of the South,
when in conflict with their sentimentality. It has
been said by the distinguished gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Corwin,] and the acquiescence in his
views by the other side would make them appear
to be those of the Republican party, that they
were in favor of the fugitive slave law. Am I to
understand that the Republican party proper is in
favor of that law? Why, then, these assaults
upon the Supreme Court and the South? If that
party has a predominating influence at the North,
as is alleged, why do they not efficiently indicate
that recognition of the fugitive slave law? Why
is it that a citizen of the South puts his life in
jeopardy when he pursues his runaway slave into
the North, in order tp return him to his service?
If our friends of the North wish this Government
to continue as it has done, then the constitutional
rights of the South must be respected. It becomes
the solemn duty of the members of the Republican
party at once to carry out the provisions of the
Constitution. Then* have been Union meetings
in Boston, and Philadelphia, and elsewhere; but
they will have no good result unless they influ-
ence the action of the northern Representatives
upon this floor, now or hereafter. They must
act. upon the public sentiment of the North so as
to induce patriotic results here m the councils
of the nation. If they do not do that, they amount
to nothing; then they are a delusion. There is
not a gentleman here who does not know that, if
the policy which has prevailed in the North be
allowed to continue; if infamous publications like
the Helper book are indorsed, even though by
inadvertence; if such publications are circulated
broadcast throughout this Union, for the purpose
of stirring up strife, insurrection, and civil war,
the Union must fall, sooner or later, however
much we may be attached to it; however mindful
of its glories and its benefits.
Mr. Clerk, the distinguished Senator from New
York [Mr. Seward] has declared that there is an
"irrepressible conflict"betweenslavcholdingand
non-slaveholding States. Is that conflict to go on,
fomented by passion and prejudice and all sorts of
means? "V^hy did he take that position ? In the
North, a portion of the people, at least, have been in
the habit of running men representing the most
fanatical and extreme views, for the Presidency.
They ran John P. Hale and Gerrit Smith, I
believe, and others. Mr. Seward, who is a sharp,
keen, calculating politician, came to the conclu-
sion, no doubt, that he would take the wind out
of the sails of such aspirants, and adopt himself
the most ultra ground and thus exclude all others,
for none can be more extreme. I apprehend, there-
fore, it was that he promulgated this idea of an
44 irrepressible conflict;" and it is well understood
that no man in the North can express more ultra
views. And, sir, I am apprehensive that it will
come to pass, when this Republican party puts
forth its presidential candidate, that Mr. Seward
will be their standard bearer. If a man, en-
tertaining such views, be successfully indorsed
by northern sentiment, then his election to the
Presidency will give rise to a momentous ques-
tion as to how far the States of the South and the
States upon the Pacific, and, indeed, all States
that go for the Constitution, should take steps to
protect their interests, if they mean to maintain
constitutional and well regulated government. I
saw a backing down, however, I think, upon the
other side; and I have, I must confess, an abiding
confidence in the integrity and perpetuity of the
Union. That change of tactics was indicated, I
thought, by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cor-
win,] in the remarks which he made a few days
ago. They seem not prepared to indorse Wil-
liam H. Seward or his extreme sentiments. If,
however, he should be put up as the candidate of
the Republican party for the Presidency, and lus
extreme views should be sustained, then, sir, we
of the South will know where to find the North.
But I believe, Mr. Clerk, that there is patriotism
enough in the North to rebuke the revolutionary
and disorganizing views entertained by such a man
as William H. Seward. At the last presiden-
tial election, there were one million two hundred
thousand votes polled in favor of the national can-
didate. But if the sentiments entertained by the
distinguished gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Corwin]
are those of the Republican party, upon what
ground can that party stand ? If they acknowl-
edge the constitutionality of the fugitive slave law,
if they recognize the decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States, that the South have
equal rights with the North in the Territories,
then upon what basis does that party stand ?
If they are in favor of the constitutional guaran-
tees, and do not hold to the extreme views charged
upon them, why do they come up and attempt to
organize this House in opposition to the action of
the Democratic party ? Must they not be regarded
as a stupendous faction ?
I have observed, in a speech made by a distin-
guished gentleman at a union meeting at Boston,
where there were several thousands assembled, he
stated that there were thousands of votes regis-
tered in Massachusetts that had not been polled
for many years. A small minority, in fact, in
Massachusetts have been managing the destinies
of that State, if this be a correct representation.
Now, in a crisis like this, when the Government
is shaking from center to circumference; when
this great Confederacy, with all its advantages, is
in jeopardy—now, I say, there is an occasion for
the people of the North to rise in their majesty
and rebuke the mad spirit of disloyalty. We do
not ask them to vindicate slavery; if their views
are adverse to it, so be it. We have examined
this question in all its bearings. By our social in-
stitutions slavery exists unalterably in the South.
We have four million negroes. What is to be
done with them? Suppose you free them, how
do you avoid the evil? The negro is, by a fixed
fact, one of the institutions of the country. You
cannot change his destiny. They were brought
here by some ruling of divine Providence un-
doubtedly, and you cannot hold us responsible.
While this Government was being formed in 1789,
how came the clause inserted in the Constitution
that the slave trade should not cease for twenty
years? Why, Mr. Jefferson, and many men in
the days of the Revolution, and before the adop-
tion of the Constitution, I believe, thought this
institution of slavery might be avoided in process
of time, and that it would gradually disappear.
When the delegates met, and the North and some
of the States South, and against the remonstrances
of Virginia and Maryland, inserted that provision
in the Constitution providing for the further in-
troduction of slaves for twenty years; during
that period the country was filled with Africans
by your merchant adventurers of the North, who
had the control of the navigating interest of the
country at that time. They are here, ond how
shall we get rid of them? Northern men, I say,
banded with the extreme men of the South, to
fasten this institution upon the country, and now
we have some three or lour million of the African
race. Is there any man who has examined this
subject philosophically, and in reference to our
social system, who hos devised a better scheme
for the protection and preservation of the rights of
white men, as well as those of the negroes, than
you find existing in the slave States? Can any
of these new lights, any of these transcendental
philosophers, point out a remedy? If you cannot,
then is it not one of those unalterable institutions,
the destruction of which would shatter your social
system North, South, East, and West? If you
affect this interest of the South, you derange every
interest of this country. How would it operate j
upon the New England States—the manufacturing ;
States. When we raise cotton, we send it cither
to Old England or to New England. Now is there
a man upon the other side of the House who is
not clothed to some extent with fabrics raised by
negro labor? Not one, I presume. What will
be your condition if you destroy your *nanufac-
turing establishments for the want of material?
What would have been the condition of this coxin-
try from the mouth of the Ohio down to the Ba-
lize, but for the existence of the institution of
slavery?—for the whole of that region is adapted
to slave labor and the raising of cotton and sugar.
It would have been a vast wilderness, for you
would not have had white population sufficient to
fill up that region with laborers adapted to the
growth of cotton and the sugar cane. Nor could
white laborers have happily occupied that region
in the cultivation of such crops.
Mr. CURTIS. I would ask my friend if there
are not twice as many laboring white men in the
South as there are negroes?
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I think not.
Mr. CURTIS. That is about the proportion.
I think there are about six million whites, and
about three million negroes.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. There are
about four million negroes, slave and free. Now
let me say to the gentleman from Iowa that there
is no incompatibility at the South between the la-
bor of the white man and slave labor, each in its
appropriate and adapted sphere—none whatever.
The white man is engaged in different labor and
pursuit. Take the history of this country from
its origin, trace and examine it in the light of po-
litical economy, and answer me, men of the North,
would this country, with all its magnificence, all
its power and grandeur, have occupied its present
high position, had it not been for this African
population? Whence could we have drawn a suf-
ficient laboring population? You have already
pretty much exhausted Ireland; y#u get but few
men from that quarter now; you get some from
Germany, a few from France, and a portion from
other parts of the continent; and I ask you, would
you have filled up our country with laborers of
climatic capacities, but for the African? The
negro has been profitably employed at the South
in growing cotton, sugar, and rice; and the white
man, at the same time, has felt the benefit of this
munificent system of Government in other and
more congenial occupations. If my friend from
Iowa will examine the question fairly, I think he
will come to the conclusion that if the African, by
a wise Providence, 1 believe, had never been in-
troduced into this country, we should have been
at least half a century behind our present posi-
tion. We are much indebted, in my humble judg-
ment, to that act of an all-wise Providence; for I
think it must have been the act of a benevolent
Providence that the African was brought to this
country; and if the African is removed, and his
destiny changed, it must be done by the same Al-
mighty power. If you undertake, by the action
of this Government, by cembmations at the North,
to make war upon the institutions of the South,
you may destroy not only the South, but this
great Confederacy. Thtit institution is a part of
our social system, and cannot be changed without
fundamental convulsions. Have we not grown
great, powerful, and magnificent with African sla-
very? I ask the gentleman from Iowa if he can
point to any instance in sacred or profane history,
of any people who have flourished as have the
good people of this glorious country > This in-
stitution existed at the formation of the Constitu-
tion, and it was expressly recognized and formed
a part of that sacred compact, and it has entered
into our social and concentrated existence as an
integral part.
I hope, and yet believe, that there is enough of
patriotism and enough of common sense in the
North to keep this Government moving along in
its high career of prosperity. We have consid-
ered this question, and have, it is too true, an
apprehension that fanaticism may be able, by
concentration, to destroy the Confederacy and
break up this Union. Yet that is still a question.
Let us see how the next presidential election will
result. If that election be determined in favor of
the views of the Republican party, then, I appre-
hend, the southern States and the States of the
Pacific, and all other order-loving States, will
take counsel together, as our forefathers did in
the revolutionary struggle. They will take no
hasty action, but will resolve deliberately, se-
riously, and with a full understanding of their
condition. If this great fanatical party comes
into power, takes control of the Government,
possession of the White House, and of this Cap-
itol, and of all the offices of the Government,
would not this metropolis be overrun with swarms
of Republican officeholders and office-seekers?
