1130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
domestic enemies; and it stands a parti though a
^forgotten part, of the Constitution of the United
States, that " ft well regulated militia is necessary
to the security of a free State-" Though thatmaxim,
sir, was not a part originally of that instrument,
yet it is impliedly acknowledged, in all its force,
in the several clauses relating to that subject.
Congress has power to provide for calling forth
the militia to execute the laws of the Union, to
suppress insurrection, and repel invasion. Con-
gress is also specially empowered " to provide for
organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia,
and for governing such part of them as may be em-
ployed m the service of the United Slates, reserv-
ing'to the States respectively the appointment of
the officers, and the authority of training the mi-
litia according to the system prescribed by Con-
gress." "
No subject, sir, engrossed the attention of the
earlier Presidents of this Republic more than this
very power, thus amply, but cautiously, conferred.
General Washington, in every formal communi-
cation to Congress during his term of office, earn-
estly invoiced their attention to it; and, in his sev-
enth annual message, or address, he refers to it as
an object of so such moment, in his estimation, as
to excite a constant solicitude that the considera-
tion of it might be renewed until the greatest at-
tainable perfection should be accomplished. Pres-
ident John Adams also, in his special message, in
1797, again pressed the subject upon the attention
of Congress; and Mr. Jefferson was importunate,
even, in urging upon (.hat body additional and
more effective legislation in regard to the militia.
In his first annual message, in 1801, he uses this
strong language:
" These considerations render it important that we should
at every session continue to amend the dcfects which from
time to time show themselves in the laws lor regulating the
militia, until they are sufficiently pcrfeet. Nor should we
now, or at any time, separate until wc can say that we have
done everything for the militia which wc could do were an
enemy at our door."
And this recommendation he earnestly renewed
in every annual message during his term of office.
After him, Madison, speaking of the militia as
" the great bulwark of public safety," and Mon-
roe, and the younger Adams, and Jackson, and
Van Buren, and later Presidents still, down to
within the last eight or ten years, have, with per-
tinacious importunity, again and again pressed this
subject upon the consideration of Congress. And,
indeed, it is safe to say, that no question of public
policy whatever has at any time called forth such
united and persistent recommendation from the
Executive Department for fifty years together;
and it is equally true, that no Secretary of War
~ has failed during that period to bestow earnest
attention ufton it. Yet, strange to say, no subject
has been more utterly neglected by Congress.
The Constitution gives us the power—exclusive,
if we choose to exercise it—of organizing, arming,
and disciplining the militia^ In 1792 an act was
passed to organize and arm the whole body of
white male citizens of the respective States be-
tween the ages of eighteen and forty-five. It was
very imperfect in its details, and made no adequate
provisionfor the discipline according to which they
were to be trained by the several States. Though
still nominally in force, it is now everywhere,
for the most part, disregarded. Indeed, if it were
to be strictly executed, every white male citizen
of the United States, over the age of eighteen and
under forty-live, would be required, within six
months after enrollment and notification, to pro-
vide himself withagood musketor fire-lock, bay-
onet and belt, "two spare flints," and a knap-
sack; or with a good rifle, knapsack, shot-pouch,
powder-horn," twenty balls,and a quarterpound
of powder." Every commissioned officer would,
in like manner, bo required to arm himself with a
sword, or hanger, and "espontoon;"or, if a dra-
goon officer, to provide himself with a horse four-
teen and a half hands high, sword and pistols,
and "holsters covered with bearskin caps;" and
every private amSfog dragoons would be required
to find a serviceable horse, of the same height,
with bridle, saddle, mailpillion, valise, holsters,
breast-plates,crupper, boots,.spurs, pistols,saber,
and cartouch-box. That, sir, is literally what
the law of 1792 exacts of every white man in the
United States between the ages of eighteen and
forty-five, except members of Congress, ferry-
men, stage-drivers, clergymen, and a few others
specially exempted from its operation; andall this,
let it be remembered, at the individual cost of each
citizen enrolled under the law. And the Congress
which passed it refused, by a vote of 50 to 6, upon a
motion specially made for that purpose, to strike
ou't the provision. Some progress was, indeed,
made a few years later, when, by the act of 1798,
thirty thousand stand of arms were ordered to be
purchased by the United States and sold to the
States, for the purpose of armigg the militia. But
it was not until 1808 that Congress recognized
the duty, clearly imposed upon it by the Consti-
tution, of providing arms at the expense of the
United States for the militia of the several States.
It was in that year that the act, which I pro-
„pose now to amend and make more effective, was
passed, appropriating the sum of $200,000 for that
purpose. It has never been changed in this re-
spect; nor has there ever been any enactment to
faithfully and sufficiently execute the other provis-
ions of the Constitution empowering, and indeed
requiring, Congress to organize and discipline the
militia. We have, in these respects, virtually
abdicated our power over the subject Sir, I do
not ask or expect Congress to take action in either
of these particulars. The States themselves have
beencorapel!ed,by your negligence, toprovide for
them by their own legislation; and it is better,
perhaps, that the subject should remain where
it now is—in their hands, Congress having so
totally abandoned all attention to it, that the very
title " militia" has disappeared for years from the
index to your Statutes at Large. Indeed, if any
one will venture now to introduce the subject here,
or speak the name, constitutional as it is, he is
in great danger of being made the object of ridi-
cule by valiant gentlemen, inside of this House
and out of it, who, but for " vile guns and vil-
lainous saltpeter, "would have been soldiers them-
selves.
Sir, Judge Story, eminent chiefly as aciviiian,
but deeply imbued with the spirit of the revolu-
tionary period of our history, and full of an en-
larged patriotism, has warned us solemnly of the
danger to be apprehended from the growing indif-
ference to this great bulwark of our public liber-
ties. " Is there any escape," he asks, "from a
large standing army, but in a well-regulated mili-
tia?"
But, Mr. Speaker, while the citizen soldiery of
the country, looked to in the beginning of this
Republic as the very right arm of its national
defense, has been thus persistently neglected, and
sometimes despised, not so the standing Army of
the United States. It, sir, has been the foster
child of Congress. While you have passed but
half a score of acts for the encouragement of
the militia, since the beginning of this Govern-
ment, you have enacted more than one hundred
for the support, the increase, or the efficiency of
the Army. While, in fifty-two years, from the
23d of April, 1808, you have appropriated just
§10,400,000 for the militia, you have, within that
same period, expended $500,000,000 upon the
Army. Sir, I am no enemy to your Army ; I,am
its friend. I am for its continuance; for its in-
crease ; for its efficiency every way. I am for the
Military Academy, too, ana for more of them;
and for military academies established and fos-
tered by the several States. I glory, sir, in the
skill afiddiseipline and valor and the achievements
in times past of that gallant little Army, dotted,
as it is now, all over the vast area of these States.
But I remember that there are brave men and
good soldiers outside of that Army, and in the
various walks of civil life. I know, too, that for
the purpose of national defense, or even for pro-
tection from domestic violence and insurrection,
your Army is as nothing; and that your main re-
liance is now, as it ever has been, and rfiust ever
continue to be, upon the militia and volunteers to
swell the ranks of that Army and make it effect-
ive for victory.
I will not detain the House to discuss this point
at length now. But allow me, for a moment, to con-
trast the action of Congress in regard to these two
great arms of the public defense for the past fifty
years. I take the date of the act of April, 1808, for
a starting point; because it was then that, through
the most strenuous exertions of Mr. Jefferson, the
first appropriation for arming th^militia was made
by Congress. I close with the year 1858; thus in-
cluding, within this brief review, a period of just
half a century.
In 1808 there were seventeen States in this Con-
federacy; now we have thirty-three, with others
juJc at our doors. In 1898 the population of the
United States numbered about seven million; now
it exceeds thirty million. Your Army, in 1808,
mustered, all told, 3,204; on the Istof July, 1858,
it numbered 17,498. In 1808 the militia was re-
turned at 636,386; in 1858 at 2,755,726, or seven-
teen times as great; and the actual number, no
doubt, exceeds this return by nearly a million.
In 1806 the militia of Ohio was returned at 15,351;
in 1845, the dale of the last return from that State,
at 176,455, or eleven times greater. In 1808, under
the act of that year,tt  appropriation equaled the
sum of thirty-one cents to each militiaman in the
United States; in 1858 it had fallen to less than
seven cents. But the contrast is far more striking
in the item of expenditures. Remember that the
appropriation for arming the militia has remained
stationary during all the wonderful mutations in
numbers, wealth, territory, States, improvements,
and whatever else has made us a great people, at
just $200,000, for half a century. Not so the
standing Army. For the year ending September
30, 1808, the expenditures of the War Depart-
ment, including Indian affairs, fortifications, and
armories, and the expenses of the new army ren-
dered necessary then by the impending hostilities
between Great Britain and the United States—and
it was the year after the attack upon the Chesa-
peake—were just $3,023,759 55. For the year
ending June 30, 1858, the expenditures of the
War Department sum up thus: Army proper,
#17,455,976 85; fortifications, $2,667,44811; arm-
ories and arsenals, $1,443,235 74; in all, $21,-
566,660 70, or more than the entire expenditure
of this whole Government thirty years ago; and
that not including the expenses of the Indian de-
partment. ^
Thus, sir, while the militia have increased in
fifty years from six hundred thousand to certainly
three million, or more now, the appropriation for
arming them has remained stationary at $200,000;
while your Army, increasing within the same pe-
riod from three thousand two hundred to seven-
teen thousand four hundred, has increased its ex-
penditures from $3,000,000 to $21,500,000. ^
Sir, these facts and figures need no comment-
ary. Is it not time, then, I appeal to you, that
some attention, at least, should be bestowed upon
the militia of the country ? I repeat, that I do not
ask or cxpect Congress to provide at all for the
discharge of its high constitutional duty of organ-
izing and disciplining the citizen soldiery of the
States; although General Washington said, some
seventy years ago, that the " devising and estab-
lishing of a well-regulated militia would be a gen-
uine source of legislative honor, and a perfect title
to public gratitude." But I am too well aware of
the many and most serious difficulties in the way
of perfecting such a' system, to hope to see it
accomplished. No; better leave it still with the
States, and the more especially, inasmuch as to
discipline or even to organize efficiently the whole
body of the militia of the United States, number-
ing now nearly four million, i3 utterly impracti-
cable. But some of the States have introduced
the system, which they are slowly perfecting—
and, with the past eight years, Great Britain has
followed their example—of volunteers, enlisted
oftheirownaccord,foratermofvears. These,sir,
will, in time, become the National Gijabd of
America. They are deserving of the utmost en-
couragement. But it is not right that Congress
should abdicate its entire power, or rather its en-
tire duty, in regard to this subject. It is not just
that the States which already have been com-
pelled 1%' your negligence to take upon themselves
the burden of'organizing and disciplining the mi-
litia, and the heavy cost attending it, should be
required also to provide arms out of their own
treasuries. It is still more grossly unjust to de-
mand that the individual volunteers, who are al-
ways young men, and usually workingmen of
limited means, and who incur large expense in
procuring uniforms, as also loss of wages and of
time while upon duty, should furnish arms, and
equipments for themselves. You abdicate your
high constitutional duty to organize, and disci-
pline the militia. Is it not,-then, just as little
as you can do to provide arms for these volun-
teers who are in a sort of actual service? Sir, it
was for this very purpose that your armories were,
in part, originally established, and afterwards
greatly enlarged. Upon this point, Mr. Jeffer-
