112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12.
the names of the Republican members who, by
their signatures, recommended the circulation of
the compend of the Helper book. It sounded the
key-note of the opposition, which commcnced
with our assembling here, by the introduction of,
in my judgment, the irrelevant resolution of the
fentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Clark ;] and it
as insisted that there should be no organization
of this House by the election as Speaker of any
one of those who recommended the circulation of
that pamphlet. However much, therefore, I may
have heretofore, or may now oppose many of the
doctrines advocated in the Herald, I cannot with-
hold from that paper the crcdit which it deserves
for the complete control which it has over the
Administration, foreshadowing and directing, not
only the policy of Mr. Buchanan and his Cabinet,
but the course to be pursued by the members who
sustain him upon this floor; and all this, too, not-
withstanding its fierce opposition to Mr. Buchanan
in 1856, and the support it then yielded to Mr.
Fremont and the Republican party.
I desire, Mr. Clerk, in order that the House
may understand the character of the charges
ma3e by the homo organ of the X^rcsident, that
you will read the following article from the Con-
stitution .
The Clerk read, as follows:
"The Black Republican Rkserve.—Since the com-
mencement of the piesent session oi' Confess, and of the
debate on Mr. Clark's lesohilum as to the unworthiness
of Mr John Sherman to preside over a bianch of the na-
tional Legislature, it has been evident that the Black Re-
publicans counted with great confidence on the support of
a lew men who, though not avowedly Clack Republicans,
feeble m nunibeis, and insignificant as men, weie yet nu-
merous enough, and, for the nonce, important enough, to
consummate the election of Sherman as Speaker to the
House ot Representatives, whenevei the mass of the Black
Republicans were willing to pay the price demanded for the
service to he performed. This feeble little band of mercena-
ries, on every division which hits been taken for Speakei,
voted not for Sherman, nor lor Bocock, but for each other;
and the steady devotion with which Hickman voted lor
IIaskin, and Haskin voted ior Hickman, would have been
the subject of universal admiration, weic it not that both
Hickman and IIaskin are too well known to admit of the
existence of such a 1'eehng for a moment.
We do not believe f<till that thosemcmbcib of the House
whoaic classified as anti-Lecompton Democrats will all sell
out to Sherman, and brand themselves as traitors to their
constituents and to the eountiy. We believe that there aie
some men among them whoao political fortunes aie not so
desperate an to drive them to commit so infamous an act.
Rut we do believe that Rylades Hic kman and Orestes Has-
kin not only will take, but have taken, the Black Republi-
can shilling, aie now enlisted in the Blaek Republican
ranks, and form the Black Republican reseive. We know
not how many more may be induced to follow their exam-
ple ; but we have not the least doubt that there i-> no propo-
sition that the Black Republican parly could make, how-
ever treasonable and flagitious,which 'independent' Has-
kin and the independent Hickman would not be perfectly
ready to support, provided the Blaek Republicans will only
agree to pay the pricc for value leeeived.
" Mr. Haskin announced yesterday, in reply to the scath-
ing rebuke administered to him by Mi. 1_.oc.an, of Illinois,
that ho never would support Mr. Bocock, because that gen-
tleman was suppoited bythelnendsof the present' eonupt
and extravagant Administration;' that he was electcd as
an * independent' memberof the Ilou^e of Representatives,
' with no collar around his neckand that he would most
gladly 'affiliate' with the Black Republicans in opposition
to the Administration.
'k It has been long a matter of notoriety that Mr IIaskin
was 'independent.' When—though elected by a Demo-
cratic constituency, pledged by cveiy promise which a man
of honor would hold sacred to bupport the Democratic party
and the Democratic Administiation, and to oppose the
Black Republican enemies of that party—lie turned against
his party, took counsel and acted in concert wxth the Black
Republicans, he gave the most striking proof that he was
entirely ' independent' of those obligations which honor-
able men are in the habit of holding sacred, ft may not
have been until after Mr. Haskin found that this 'corrupt
and extiavagant' Administration had refused to allow him
to control ceitain Federal patronage, that the idea struck
him of boroming * independent,' in his peculiar accepta-
tion of that teim; but since his determination was fixed,
and he accepted the honorable distinction of a waiter on
Black Republican favor, it is only just to him to say that
he has continued to be perfectly 'independent,1 according
to IIaskin etymology, and has never worn any 'collar
which in the least degree contiolled his action within the
limits which men of political honesty and honor never
attempt to outstep.
"Since Mr. Haskin assumed this 'independent' posi-
tion he has constituted himself a very sleuth-hound on the
track of corruption and extravagance, the detector and ex-
poser of every moral and political delinquency; the ruth-
less avenger of even the most trifling peccadillo. It is true,
however, that his first essay as an investigator of 4 eoirup-
tion and extravagance'was not a success, and the result
of that investigation, which Mr. Haskin predicted was to
bla t the character of so man}-, only resulted m damage to
the investigator.
" Covered with scars, Mr. Haskin went back to hisenn-
stittients. He called himself a 'Democrat5—a Jefferso-
nian Democrat—it we remember rightly. He asked them
to reelcct him; but he soon found that the Democracy of
his district knew lnm no more ; that they admired inde-
pendence, but not aS Mr. Haskin understood it; and they
gave him,chmng the5ummer and fallot last yeai,the most
unmistakable evidence that they would not, if they could
help it, give Mr. Haskin another opportunity to misrepre-
sent them in Congress. In this forlorn condition he called
on his Black Republican fiiends, and not in vain. Gree-
ley and the New York Tribune supported his candidacy,
and the whole force of the Black Republican party was
brought to bear to reelect him. He was elected, at least
so the board of canvassers declared, by a majority of thir-
teen votes over Gouverneur Kemble. Thus elected he
comes back to Congress, and has the effrontery to call him-
self a Democrat, while his every act, his every word, his
every look, is designed to injure and defeat the Democratic
party, and consummate the objects of the Black Repub-
licans.
" It is well understood how very1 independent'Mr. Has-
kin is in thus aiding the election of Mr. Sherman. The in-
corruptible and economical Mr. Haskin has a friend whose
honor of conuption and extravagance is scarcely less in-
tense than that of Mr. Haskin himself, and whose ' inde-
pendence' is of a precisely similar character. That friend
is the notonous editor of the Philadelphia Press, John W.
Forney. Mr. Forney is a prominent candidate for the hon-
orable, and, to Mr. Forney, lucrative, office of Clerk of the
House of Representatives. The 'independent' Haskin
avowed, we aie informed, that the 'independent' Forney
should be Clerk, and the incorruptible Haskin would un-
hesitatingly vote for Sherman, or any other Black Repub-
lican—even were he as Black as John Brown—if by so
doing he could win support for the incorruptible Forney.
"We know not whetherihe baigain has been concluded,
but from the speech of Mr.IIaskin, yesteiday, and the mo-
tion of Mr. Hickman, we suppose that the understanding is
complete. If it be so, we can only say that we wish the
Black Republicans joy of tlieiracquis>ition,and rejoice that
neithei the ' independent' member nor his ' independent'
aspuaut for the Clerkship, can hcnccloith presume to claim
any connection with the Demoeiatic paity. They aie now
openly and befoie the world where they have been secretly
for months, (m the camp of the Black Republicans,) and
there let them lemam until, having peifoimcd the service
for which they were employed, they aie again driven out by
their passion foi ' independence.'
*' On Mr. IIaskin's leinarks, of yesteiday, vvc shall make
but one comment or observation of any kind.
"When he spoke of the conuption and extiavagance of the
present national Administration he knew that he was guilty
of the giossest misiepresentation. We use the mildest term
of which we can think. But, in Older to test hi* sincenty
and the force of his conviction, we now challenge linn pub-
licly to define his chaige, and specify wherein the Adinui-
i*-tintion has been either eonupt or extravagant. We tell
him that the chaige is false ; but if lie thinks differently, and
we are wrong, let him investigate as freely as he pleases,
and we piomise him bcfoiclmnd that he shall find no obsta-
cle. but everj assistance and facility in prosecution ot his
inquhy fiom evciy department of the Go\ ernment, ftoni the
President down to his mo^t subordinate officer.
'* We icpel, with the di&dain with which conscious integ-
rity can repel any chaige emanating fiom such a source, the
chaige w Inch was yesteiday piefehed against the Govern-
ment. If ever there was a Government which has faith-
fully, purely, honestly and economically discharged its
duties—and in times, too, ot extiaoidinary difficulty and
piessnie—it is tiiat over which President Buchanan pte-
sides. We daio Mr. IIaskin oi any other of his associates
to ptove his accusation. If he does not prove it, as we
know he cannot, wo only ask the public to accept this as
another strong evidence of the peculiai ' independence '
of which he boasts.
" Hickm\n and IIaskin are clearly the reseive of the
Black Republicans. Only give them the nod in the shape
of a pionnse to go for Forney, and up they jump ready to
ohev anv mandate which the blackest of the Black Repub-
licans will give them."
Mr. HASKIN. Now, Mr. Clerk, for the
charges contained in that articlc—evidently pub-
lished "by authority." Tho first is, that the
eight independent anti-Lecompton Democrats
upon this floor arc mercenaries. In answer to
this, let me say that no one m the country knows
better than Mr. Buchanan himself the utter false-
hood of this charge; for he endeavored by threats
and by the seductions of his patronage, without
effect, to draw true men away from the path of
duty. The second is, that there is a corrupt bar-
gain between the Black Republicans, so-called,
and the distinguished gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Hickman] and myself. 1 emphati-
cally and indignantly deny tins charge. The
third declares that I was false to my pledges when
1 was elected to the Thirty-Fifth Congress. Dur-
ing the campaign in 185(5, winch resulted in my
election, I made as many speeches us probably
any other candidate upon the stump, and jn each of
them I insisted before my people, that, if elected
to Congress, I would not vote for the admission
of Kansas as a State into the Union, unless I was
satisfied that the constitution under which she
applied had been fairly submitted, and fully and
fairly ratified by the popular vote. I then declared
that I had no compunctions of conscience for or
against the admission of a slave State; but that,
inasmuch as by the compromise measures of
1850, and the Kansas-Nebraska bill of 1854, Con-
gress had determined upon the doctrine of non-
intervention in the affairs of the Territories, in
order to localize the question of slavery and leave
it to be decided by the people there, as are other
domestic institutions, 1 stood by that settlement
of this exciting question. For that reason I ob-
ject to the introduction of the resolution of the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Clark,] which
reopens the slavery agitation at the threshold of
this Congress, and before this House has organized
by the election of its proper officers, and which
unnecessarily excites the country throughout its
length and breadth. "Well, sir; in pursuance of
my pledges, and in the performance of my duty
as a Representative of the people—free from the
control and dictation of the Executive—X did,
during the last Congress, do all in my power to
prevent the admission of Kansas, under a con-
stitution which every fair member upon this floor
will now concede in no way reflected the will
of the majority; but, on the contrary, was the
emanation from a small minority of the people of
that Territory. I, therefore, deny the charge
that I have not lived up to all the pledges that I
made in 1856.
Another charge is, that I was actuated in my
course during the last Congress toward the Ad-
ministration by motives of revenge, for the reason
that the President had refused to allow me the
control of certain Federal patronage. I reply to
the President himself, for I judge that this charge
was made by his consent and approbation, that
I never asked him for the appointment of a single
man to office; and that about the only persons I
recommended, if I remember rightly, were those
whose claims my Democratic colleagues likewise
recommended and supported, most of whom were
appointed. The President must know that the
motive which actuated this charge is as malicious
as the charge itself is infamous and void of truth.
It is also charged, Mr. Clerk, that I undertook
an investigation at the last Congress which re-
sulted in my discomfiture. I did commence an
investigation, under a resolution of the last Con-
gress, into the sale and purchase by the Govern-
ment, in 1857, of a property upon Lone: Island
Sound, opposite my district, known as Willett's
Point, for fortification purposes. Now, for the
results, in brief, of that investigation as detailed in
the proof before the committee and the reports
made to this House. It was proved that tho
fSeei-etury of "War purchased this property for
$200,000, when the appropriation thereforwas but
#150,000; and that in this he transcended the power
given him to the extent of #50,000. Now, Mr.
Clerk, if the Secretary of War could usurp the
rights of the House of Representatives, which
has, under the Constitution, the power to origin-
ate all bills of supply, and the rights of Congress,
and exceed an appropriation to the amount of
^50,000, he certainly could to the amount of
$5,000,000, or even, sir, to the extent of burdening
this country by the debt of England, which now
almost strangles her commerce and her industry.
This was an important discovery of itself, as it
showed an unlawful expenditure of the public
money; but it was outside of the corruptions which
I maintain were incident to the transaction, and*
which would have warranted Congress in placing
its seal of reprobation upon the extravagance and
illegal conduct of the Secretary of War. In addi-
tion to the fact that the Secretary of War went
beyond the appropriation, it was proved that for
this property there was paid $150,000 more than
it could have been purchased for a few months
previously. It was proved that the broker and
personal friend of the Secretary of War, who
loaned the money with which this property was
purchased by the person who sold it to the Gov-
ernment, and who at the time was discounting the
notes of the Secretary to the amount of from ten
to twenty thousand dollars, destroyed his check
books for the purpose of preventing the ascertain-
ment of facts which would, in my opinion, have
shown tho complicity of the Secretary of War
and his particular friends in this improper trans-
action.
Another charge is, that, in 1858,1 proceeded home
from here and called myself a Democrat—"a Jef-
fersonian Democrat." It is true that I went home
in J une, 1858, and called a meeting of the independ-
ent people of my district, and allowed my name
to be proposed for reelection. I asked them to ap-
prove my whole course in Congress, as well in ref-
erence to the Willett's Point investigation as to
my opposition to the territorial policy of the Ad-
ministration. I submitted it to the electors of my
