i860.
.THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
are packed; where they exist in crowds? My col-
league certainly knows all that; I will not take
the position of denying that he knows all that.
How, then, can he, with a knowledge of the his-
tory of this country and of all countries, claim that
there is the greatest danger to republican institu-
tions or to good government where there are the
fewest people ? The fact—and every man knows
it—is this: that where there are few people there
never was, and never catj^be, any great danger.
My colleague's other proposition is, that the
people are strangers to each other. Does my
colleague suppose these Yankees are like the
Frenchman who would not' save a drowning man
because he had not been introduced to him ?
[Laughter.] Does my colleague suppose the Yan-
kees have not the power of getting acquainted ?
If they had no social qualities whatever, they
would see if something could not be made out of
ail acquaintance. [Great laughter.] Does my
colleague deny that? [Continued laughter.]
Mr. G-OOCH. I do not deny that, if they will
only let my colleague get up an organized scheme
of emigration, and put the Yankees there, for he
would select the right kind.
Mr. THAYER. I will do my whole duty in
that regard. [Laughter.] Now, Mr. Speaker,
what is there in this humbug of congressional in-
tervention that commends itself to the people of
this country ? Nothing. Neither you, sir, normy-
self, will live to see another Territory organized
by this Government to govern our fellow-citizens,
equal to you and to me, in the territories of this
Union. The vote in this House to-day has shown
that the people are tired of intervention, and of
all the qiiarrels that hang upon it. There is no
end to those quarrels; for so long as there are two
views in this country concerning freedom and
slavery, so long, whatever party is in power, there
will be quarrels concerning Executive appoint-
ments for the Territories; ana not only concerning
those, but concerning every act which those exec-
utive officers may do m the Territories. There will
not only be quarrels here in Congress, and quar-
rels in all of the States, but there will be quarrels
among the people of the Territories themselves;
for, sir, they enlist under party standards on the
one side and the other, and no party, by any pos-
sibility, can ever attempt to do anything that the
other party cannot, will not, censure and con-
demn. There will be these constant partisan
quarrels in the Territories, and they, with vari-
ous reports of crimes, of murder and robbery
and arson, committed by executive officials, or
at their instigation, will be brought to the notice
of this House, and parties here will range them-
selves upon the one side and upon the other, and
wo will have bitter, burning animosities, and
never-ending disputes about this matter of non-
resident jurisdiction. This is a kind of govern-
ment in no way consonant or consistent with our
institutions. It never had any business under the
stars and stripes. Now, sir, thank Heaven, it is
ended. It has gone, once and forever, and we are
no more to know it. Whatever we may annex,
hereafter, I say let it be annexed as a sovereignty
and not as a dependency. We have had enough
of this history of dependencies. Let us have no
more of it. I appeal to honest men in all parts
of the House; men who love the country more
than they love prejudice; men who favor the
institutions of the country more than they
favor party, now, once and for all, to settle this
policy.
Sir, it was said by my colleague, with a sneer,
that I had joined the Democratic party to-day in
my vote. 1 say thatnotonly the Democratic party,
but the American party, so far as I know, with-
out an exception, and many of the gentlemen who
act with me in the Republican party, voted to lay
these bills upon the table. I tell you that, so far
from being denounced for our action by the people,
we shall be applauded, and the country will thank
us, of whatever party, for having taken this per-
plexing question out of the Halls of Congress.
From this time we will enjoy the luxury of attend-
ing to the legitimate business of legislation.
I move that the bill be laid upon the table.
The question was taken 011 Mr. Thayer's
motion to lay the bill 011 the table; and it was
agreed to.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid upon the table; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled bills of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 15) for the relief
of Thomas C. Ware; and
An act (H. R. No. 661) to furnish additional
mail facilities.
JAPANESE EMBASSY.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communication:
Commandant's Office, Navy-Yard,
May 11, 1860.
To the Honorable Speaker and Representatives:
Gentlemen: As the Japanese embassy is expected to
arrive at this yard on Monday next, the' 1-lth instant, at
meridian, It will afford the°tffheers of the yard and myself
pleasure to receive you on the occasion, if.jou have a desire
to witness the landing.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully,
FRANKLIN BUCHANAN, Commandant.
Mr. BRANCH. I move that the communica-
tion be laid upon the table; and also, that when
the House adjourns to-morrow, it be to meet on
Tuesday next.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand the
yeas and nays on that motion.
Mr. COLFAX. I trust that the public busi-
ness of the country is not to bo neglected in order
that members may witness the landing of our dis-
tinguished Japanese visitors. They will be in
the vicinity for some time.
Mr. BRANCH. There is no one here, Mr.
Speaker, who is more desirous than I am to have
the business of the House proceed without inter-
ruption. No gentleman is more anxious to close
this session than I am. But, sir, here is an esa-
bassy the arrival of which upon these shores will
be an event, if not in the political, at least in the
commercial history of this country. So import-
ant has it been considered by tlus House that a
few days ago we voted, without a dissenting voice,
to appropriate $50,000 for the reception and en-
tertainment of tho embassy. Is it too much,
when they are about to arrive at the seat of our
Government, in a national ship, upon the invita-
tion of the nation, that the House sltall adjourn
over, so as to give its members an opportunity to
go and pay the respectful attention which is due
to the nation's guests? I do not propose that
this House shall adjourn to attend the reception
in a body, for I am opposed to any such thing;
but I only move, in order to enable members of
the House to attend who may see fit, that the
House shall adjourn over Monday. To that ex-
tent 1 think it is proper to go in showing respect
to these ambassadors. If gentlemen tlunk it is
needless to consume the whole day, I will agree
that an hour shall be fixed for our meeting that
will allow us to participate in-the reception m the
morning.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will agree
to that. Monday is suspension day, and is a day
that we cannot afford to lose. I am interested in
having a session on that day, to take up the river
and harbor bill. I hope gentlemen who propose
to adjourn over will understand that. If the gen-
tleman will amend his motion,so that two o'clock
will be fixed for the meeting of the House on
Monday, I will not object.
Mr. SHERMAN. The House has determined
that the daily sessions shall hereafter comrncncc
at eleven o'clock a. m. If we are to participate
in the reception, I trust that the House will meet
at eleveg o'clock, and at twelve take a recess for
two hours. In that way we will not lose much
time.
Mr. BRANCH. That will be about the time
when they will land. The gentleman from Illi-
nois says that Monday is suspension day. I think
that is one of the days we can best afford to ad-
journ over, for we know that there is little, if any,
business ever done 011 thatday. But I will modify
my resolution, Mr. Speaker, so that when wead-
journ on Saturday next, we shall adjourn to meet
on Monday at three o'clock.
Mr. WlSHBURNE, of Illinois. I will inter-
pose no objection to that motion.
Mr. -BRANCH. Now, if any gentleman de-
sires to offer an amendment, to my motion, so as
to test the sense of the House, I will give him an-
opportunity of doing so, and then I will call Ae
previous question.
Mr. ASHMORE. I desire to make a sugges-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. The motion is not de-
batable.
Mr. ASHMORE. We can reach the object of
my friend from North Carolina, and accomplish
all that is desirable, by meeting here on Monday
morning at eleten o'clock, and adjourning a little
before twelve, or taking a recess till two o'clock,
and_ then returning to the House and resuming
business. 1 think that will meet the object of
every member; and the House will not be under
the necessity of adjourning over. It is a thing
unusual in the history of deliberative bodies to
adjourn over to meet any embassy, of'any de-
scription or from any country.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask the gentleman from
North Carolina to withdraw the call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move to lay the
whole subjcct on tho table.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope that, before adjourn-
ing, the House will at least take a vote on my
proposition.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I do not de-
sire to debate this question; but simply to say, in
reply to what fell from the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Colfax,] that the reception is the'
most impressive part of the whole proceedings
connected with tho arrival of the Japanese em-
bassy. It is the most ceremonious and emphatic
part of the whole proceedings. And certainly,
sir, nothing can be more august, nothing more
imposing, nothing more proper, than for this em-
bassy from a distant country, which for more than
three centuries has been closed up to the Christian
world, to behold the representatives of the peo-
ple, with the executive branch of the Government,
assembled together to do it honor. We ought to
remember that we are a preferred nation; that this
embassy is sent to us in preference over all other
nations of the world, who have solicited the Jap-
anese to send embassies to them. We cannot do
it too much honor; and I hope that, waiving every
other consideration, we will agree to unite with
the executive branch of the Government to do full
honor to this embassy.
Mr. CRAWFORD, I ask the gentleman from
North Carolina to withdraw the call for the pre-
vious question, that I may move to amend his
proposition so as thatthe House, when it adjourns
to-morrow, may adjourn to meet 011 Tuesday
next.
Mr. BRANCH. I am perfectly willing to with-
draw the previous question for that purpose, if
the gentleman from Georgia will renew it.
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 move that when the
House adjourns to-morrow, it adjourns to meet on
Tuesday next; and I move tho previous question.
Mr. COX. If it be in order, I should like to
make a statement about this Japanese humbug.
Mr. GROW. No; it is all Japanned 6ver.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. GARNETT. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the gentleman from
Virginia will withdraw that motion.
Mr. BRANCH. Will this come up to,-morrow
as unfinished business ?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. BRANCH. Then I have no objection to
letting it go over.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of fhe Whole on the state of the
Union, to take up the Post Office appropriation
bill.
The SPEAKER. The question before the House
is the motion to adjourn, offered by the gentle-
man from Virginia.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understood that to be with-
drawn, for the purpose of letting me make my
motion.
Mr. GARNETT. I do not wish to press my
motion to adjourn; and if the gentleman from
North Carolina withdraws his motion, I will
withdraw mine.
Mr. BRANCH. I do not withdraw my mo-
tion. I insist upon it, and will demand the yeas
and nays, if necessary.
