3022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
The Senator, in Assigning the causes of the fail-
ure of the present tariff bill to meet the wants of
the public service, has given a variety of reasons,
but not oncc did he state what the expenses have
been, or give the aggregate of the expenses from
year to year, for the last five years. If he had done
so, it would have shown that they are not lessen-
ing but increasing. He tells us what might be
done if people were as economical as he is. I do
not doubt that, if everybody took the course that
he and his friends have taken here lately, of pay-
ing nobody, of voting no money to pay for ar-
rearages, and when you come to a treaty, say
** we have not the money to pay that, and we have
not time to look into it," you could make out to
get along with less money.
I do not intend to go into a very elaborate dis-
cussion of this question on its general merits; but
I will now state what the expenses of this Gov-
ernment, exclusive of interest on the public debt,
have been for the last five years, to see what
prospect there is from the other side of the House
for a probable reduction of these expenditures.
In 1855 the expenditures were $56,000,000—I
leave out the hundreds of thousands; in 1856,
$60,000,000; in 1857, $65,000,000; in 1858,
&72,000,000; in 1659, $66,000,000. Everybody
Knows why this last year was rcduced. It was
because we did not pay the Post Office arrearages,
and we had to pass a bill appropriating some
$7,000,000 here this year to pay that deficicncy.
JTh-is would have been the largest year in the his-
tory of the Government if we had paid up the
current expenses; and yet the Senator goes on to
cipher how we can get along with #5,000,000.
The average of the past two yeais is $69,000,000,
without counting the Post Office deficiency of
last year, of some $4,000,000 or $5,000,000, and
we have paid no private claims, paid nothing but
what there seemed to be an absolute necessity for.
We stopped the public buildings last year, when
the Secretary of the Treasury asked us to put !
$2,000,000 on the Treasury building and on two
custom-houses, and we made no appropriation
for the extension of the Capitol lust year. With
all these works suspended, the water works sus-
pended, and all your public buildings suspended,
and without paying a dollar towards tne defi-
ciency in the Post Olli.ce Department, you spend
$66,000,000 the present year, and, including the
ordinary expenditures for those other items, there
is no doubt they would have gone to #>74,000,000,
being $2,000,000 more than the year before.
The Senator says there is some hope of getting
$60,000,000 fiom customs, but he does not ven-
ture to estimate over $56,000,000. The other
items of income last year were less than fourmil-
hon; from lands and miscellaneous sources the
receipts were #3,900,000. Then the revenue would
come shortof sixty million, with all these sources,
provided we got his estimate from the customs,
and la&t year and the year before the average ex-
penditure was seventy-three or seventy-four mil-
lion—$14,000,000 more than he pretends to ex-
pect.
I dislike to believe that there is any design to
mislead the Senate; but I can hardly bring my
mind to believe that the Senator from Virginia
supposes, that with a single million dollars more
than the outstanding Treasury notes, we can pro-
vide for those Treasury notes, and meet the cur-
rent expenses of this Government from our now
current receipts. As 1 said yesterday, we have
had now two prosperous years, and yet we have
gone behind, and I see no improvement. X have
returns for the first two quarters of this year. The
Senator from Pennsylvania read very recent re-
turns, but I could not get any returns that were
complete of the last quarter ending the 31st of
March, but in the first two quarters of this year
the importations were £179,240,000, and the
duties $26,700,000; so that if we continue the
same for the other two quarters, we shall go to
$53,500,000. I do not know but that there will
be more importations, but 1 have understood that
the importations are falling off, not coming up to
what they were last year. We cannot look cer-
tainly for any great increase. There will proba-
bly be about three hundred and sixty million im-
ported this year, and this will give a revenue of
between fifty-three and fifty-four million.
The Senator from Virginia assigned the fact of
the reduction of the duty as a reason for the sud-
den recuperation of the industry and business of
the country. It is the first time I overheard that
assigned as a reason. I stated that,Jta 1857, we
had got a balance against us in the* summer of
1857, by over importations, of some eighty or
ninety million, and that that was what produced
the revulsion and the crash among the banks; but
he says thatlowdutiesenabled the northern banks
to stand. I do not know that the northern banks
stood any better than the southern banks. They
all stopped specie payment; but I suppose they
stood then justaboutwhere they did before. They
were good enough all the time. The northern
banks all stopped, as well as the banksin the city
of New York, at least those in the great cities; I
do not know so much about the banks in coun-
try places. If there is anything more dangerous
than another to the steady operations of trade, it
is the constant reduction of duties.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The hour for taking a reccss has
arrived; but previous to doing so, the Chair will
present certain House bills for the purpose of
reference.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 288) recognizing the survey of the
Grand Cheniero Island, State of Louisiana, as
approved by the surveyor general, and for other
purposes—to the Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (No. 807) to authorize the reissue of land
warrantsin certain cases,and forotherpurposes—
to the Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (No. 838) to change the name of the ship
Itockhall to Massachusetts—to the Committee on
Commerce.
A bill (No. 839) to amend an act approved the
3d day of March, 1847, entitled "An act to estab-
lish a port of entry at Saluria, in the State of
Texas, and for other purposes'5—to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
A bill (No. 840) for the relief of congressional
township eight, south of range three east, in Mer-
cer county, Ohio—to the Committee on Public
Lands.
A joint resolution (No. 41) to reduce the price
of public printing—to the Committee on Printing.
LIUIIT-IIOUS£! HILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
{louse had concurred in the amendments of the
Senate to the bill of the House (No. 350) making
appropriations for light-houses, beacons, buoys,
&c.
TELEGRAPH TO THE PACIFIC.
The message further announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendments of the House, to
the bill of the Senate (No. 84) to facilitate com-
munication between the Atlantic and Pacific States
by electric telegraph.
HOMESTEAD RILL.
The message further announced that the House
further insisted upon its amendment to the bill of
the Senate (No, 4J6) to secure homesteads to
actual settlers on the public domain and for other
purposes, and agreed to the further conference
asked by the Senate on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
Schuyler Colfax of Indiana, Mr. Muscoe R II.
Garnett of Virginia, and Mr. William Window
of Minnesota, managers at the same on the part
of the House.
THE SLAVE TRADE.
The message further announced that the House
had receded from its first amendment to the bill
of the Senate (No. 464) to amend an act entitled
"An act in addition to the acts for the suppres-
sion of the slave trade," disagreed to by the
Senate.
HAIL ROUTE PREEMPTIONS. ■
The message further announced that the House
insisted upon its amendment disagreed to by the
Senate to the amendment of the Senate to the bill
of the House (No. 44) confirming certain land
entries under the third section of the act of 3d of
March, 1&55, entitled "An act making appropri-
ations for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment during the fiscal year ending the 30th of1
June, 1856," asked a conference on the disagree- I
ing votes of the two Houses thereon, and ap-
pointed Mr. Williamson R. W. Cobb of Ala-
bama, Mr. Carey A. Trimble of Ohio, find Mr.
John G.Davis of Indiana, managers at the same
on the part of the House.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN,
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its disagreement
to the amendment of the House of Representatives to the
amendment of the Senate to the hill (H. It. No. 44) last
mentioned, and agree to the conference asked by the House
of Representatives on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, the Vice Presi-
dent was authorized to appoint the committee of
conference on the part of the Senate; and Mr.
JoHNsoNof Arkansas,Mr.Bragg, and Mr.Har-
lan, were appointed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNER).
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; which thereupon received the signature of
the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 43) for the relief of Solomon
Wadeworth;
A bill (S. No. 176) for the relief of R. W. Car-
ter;
A bill (S. No. 285) for the i-elief of John Bran-
nan; and
A bill (S. No. 450) to change the location of
the custom-house for the district of Brazos de
Santiago from Point Isabel to Brownsville, in the
State of Texas.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Buchanan, his Secrctaiy, an-
nounced that the President had this day approved
and signed the following acts and joint resolutions:
An act (S. No. 14) for the relief of Francis
Dainese;
An act (S. No. 287) to incorporate the National
Gallery and School of Arts in the District of Co-
lumbia;
A joint resolution (S. No. 5) for supplying the
Choctaw, Cherokee, and Chickasaw nations with
such copies of the laws, Journals, and other pub-
lic documents as arc furnished to the States and
Territories;
A joint resolution (S.No. 34) in relation to the
works of the exploring expedition;
A joint resolution (S. No. 35) providing for
the observation of the eclipse of the sun which
will occur on the 18th day of July next; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 43) to correct a cler-
ical error m the act approved May 4, 1860, for
the relief of Stewart McGowan.
The Senate took a recess until six o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at six o'clock.
SCHOOL LANDS IN ILLINOIS.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate take
up the bill of the House of Representatives, No.
235. It will not take a moment to dispose of it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 235) for the relief of congres-
sionaltownship number two north, of range num-
ber nine west, of the fourth principal meridian,
in Adams county, State of Illinois.
As section number sixteen, in township num-
ber two north, of range nine west, of the fourth
principal meridian, in Adams county, Illinois, is
located in a lake or pond, and is in consequence
wholly unfit for cultivation, and is worthless to the
inhabitants of the township for school purposes,
the bill authorizes the school trustees for the town-
ship to select one section of land in legal sub-di-
visions of any of the public lands of the United
States subject to entry or sale at the minimum
price of $1 25 per acre. When the lands have
been selected by the trustees, and a description
returned to and approved by the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, a patent is to issue
therefor to the inhabitants of the congressional
township, and is to be held and disposed of by
them for the use of schools within the congres-
sional township in the same manner as other school
lands are held and disposed of; but section six-
teen in the township is to revert to, and invest in,
the United States; and be disposed of in the same
manner as other public lands.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
