1134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
King, the First Assistant Postmaster General, on a
visit to the city of New York recently, found four
unauthorized-post offices, or places designated by
their signs as post offices, and that people had
lost money that had been deposited in those offices,
supposing them to be Government offices. The
bill recommended to us, and drawn up by the
Post Office Department, the committee have unan-
imously indorsed; it provides that no office shall
- Jje kept as a " letter office" or " post office;" or
with the words " post office," or " letter office,"
or "United States mail," or words of similar
import over it, for the purpose of deceiving the
people in.that way; and expressly reserving that
the bill shall not cut off " city expresses," " dis-
f>atch posts," &c., which are in operation in the
arger cities, for the delivery of letters within their
limits.
The bill was then read, providing that no per-
son, except those appointed for that purpose un-
der laws of the United States, shall establish any
other office or post office for the reception and
Jelivery of letters; nor the establishment of any
place with the words " post office," "letter of-
fice," " United" States mail," or woids of like
import, under a penalty of $500 for the principal,
and §100 for the assistant; and if the offense is
continued or renewed after written notice by the
deputy postmaster or agent to desist, the same
penalty to be forfeited for every day thereafter;
provided, that conductors and proprietors of ho-
tels, &c., may keep boxes or bags with the words
" for thejiaails" inscribed thereon; nor shall the
act be construed so as to prohibit city dispatch
companies from receiving letters for delivery in
their respective cities, provided they so designate
their offices as to show that they are not post
offices or branches.
Ml*. COLFAX. I would state, as several gen-
tlemen have asked the question during the read-
ing of the bill by the Clerk, that there is a special
reservation in the bill allowing hotels to have a
letter-box for the reception of letters, for the pur-
pose of transmitting them to the post office. It
also authorizes the Postmaster General to au-
thorize persons to have places for the reception of
letters for the mails; at a store, for instance, at a
distance from the post office.
Mr. MILLSON. From the reading of the bill,
as I heard it from the Clerk's desk, I infer that it
is the intention of the bill to punish, as offenses
against the United States, the unlawful acquisi-
tion of letters belonging to private persons.
Mr. COLFAX. No, sir.
Mr. MILLSON. Well, then, the unlawful ac-
quisition and detention of letters under false pre-
tenses. 1 ask the gentleman if the States are not
perfectly competent to punish all such offenses
whenever the exigency of the times render it ne-
cessary 3
Mr. COLFAX. This is a case peculiarly within
the province of Congress, as connected with the
Post Office service of the United Statee.
I desire to add, that Mr. King, the First Assist-
ant Postmaster General, states that, at one of these
offices in New York, they had the effrontery to
put up the following notice: "Letters received
here one hour later every day than they are re-
ceived at the post office in Nassau street," which
| is the real post office at New York; thereby hold-
ing out inducements to uninformed people to put
their letters into this office, instead of into the reg-
ular post office of the city of New York.
Mr. MILLSON. I see the propriety of pun-
ishing such offenses; but it does not appear to me
that they are offenses against the United States.
The control of the United States over the mails
does not carry the right to punish the unlawful
and fraudulent procuring of letters and other val-
uable things intended to be put into the mails, i t is
an offense against the law ofa State, which a State
ought to prevent. I think the bill ought to be sent
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. COLFAX. The objectof the bill is to pre-
vent persons from puttingup over their offices signs
which delude the uninformed portion of the pub-
lic, and make them believe that such places are
regular post offices. That is the intention of the
bill, and nothing else; but as the gentleman from
Virginia objects to the bill, let it go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BRANCH. I did not hear distinctly the
point made by the gentleman from Virginia; but
if I understood him correctly, it appears to me
that the point is clearly well taken. This bill
does not propose, as I understand it, to protect the
United States Government against losses which
may be inflicted upon it by individuals; but it is
an attempt to protect communities against swind-
ling by scoundrels. If there are officers in the
city of New York, such as are described by the
gentleman from Indiana, an act of Congress is not
the proper mode of suppressing them; but an in-
vasion by the police of New York, to break up
such places established for the purpose of getting
property or money under false pretenses. I think
there is no want of a remedy; and I am only as-
tonished, if the Postmaster General found exist-
ing in the city of New York, in open day, such
notorious attempts to impose upon the people,
that the police has not broken them up. I do not
believe that Congress ought to intefere, and I do
not believe it has power to do it. If this were a
bill to protect the Government of the United States
and its mails from being pilfered or plundered by
individuals, I could have no difficulty about the
matter; but I think it would be much better to
refer this matter of attempts by individuals to im-
pose upon unwary persons to the police of the
respective communities, or to the respective State
Legislatures.
Mr. COLFAX. I will state to the gentleman
that the reason why the-committee thought this
bill necessary was because these officers were de-
frauding the Treasury of the United States of the
postage upon letters, which, according to the law,
cannot be sent in any other way than by the United
States mails. It defrauds the Post Office Depart-
ment of the United States of the revenue which
belongs to the United States.
Mr. BRANCH. 1 would ask the gentleman
from Indiana whether there arc not already laws
to protect the Government against competition of
private individuals for carrying letters? I under-
stand that the_laws are ample upon that^ubject.
But, as the gentleman from Indiana consents that
the bill shall go to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, I will not further discuss
the matter.
Mr. HILL. I desire to ask the gentleman from
Indiana if the first section of this bill would not
have the effect, if ad opted, to do away with the very
common convenience, in sparsely settled neigh-
borhoods, of putting little boxes by the road side,
along which mails are carried, in which mail mat-
ter is placed to be received by those in the neigh-
borhood to whom such mail matter may belong,
or in which mail matter may be deposited to be
taken to the post office ?
Mr. COLf AX. A proviso of this bill expressly
provides that nothing in that bill contained shall
prevent the keeping of a box or bag for the recep-
tion or delivery of letters for the mail by any per-
son, &c., if it does not assume to be a "post
office."
Mr. HILL. I hope the bill will be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The bill was so referred.
CHANGE OP REFERENCE.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. The Committee on
the PostOffice and Post Roads, to whom have been
referred various petitions and memorials in refer-
ence to a Pacific railroad, and other matters, which
properly belong to another committee, ask to'be
discharged therefrom; and that the same may be
referred to the select committee of sixteen on the
Pacific railroad. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
PJSAY <fc AYLIFF.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill for the relief of Peay &
Ayliff; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. At the request of
the gentleman from Arkansas, who desires to put
this bill upon its passage, I will make a state-
ment, in order that the House may determine
whether it should be passed or not.
These persons contracted, some years ago, to
carry the mail, in the State of Missouri, over a
route more than a hundred miles long, by two-
horse hack service. ' The evidence shows that,
for fifteen years before that, the service upon that
route had been performed by four-horse coaches.
The evidence also shows that the service upon
that, routo ought not to have been decreased, be-
cause the mails were constantly increasing in
weight, and that it was absolutely outof the ques-
tion, after they had taken that contract, to carry
the mails with that kind of conveyance. They
prove, by the then Governor of Arkansas and by
a Senator in the other end of the Capitol, that it
was out of the question to carry the mails in two-
horse coaches, and that they were obliged, at the
start, to put four-horse coaches upon the route.
These facts were also proved by sixteen or sev-
enteen witnesses, many of whom are certified to
be truthful and reliable persons. We have not
undertaken to decide how much more than the
contract price these parties ought to have; but we
have reported a bill referring the case to the Post-
master General, with instructions to take testi-
mony; and, if it is ascertained that the kind of
service they contracted for could not be carried
on, that it required four-horse instead of two-horse
service, he shall pay them the usual price for that
service.
The bill was then read.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not intend to object to
putting this bill upon its passage; but I shall vote
against it myself when it is put upon its passage.
If, however, it is to pass, I think an amendment
to it ought to be made.
The law requires that the Postmaster General
shall let the mail contracts in such a way that the
mails shall be carried safely and jpeedily. I do
not remember the precise language. Now, this
bill does not say that, if these parties were com-
pelled by the weight of the mails to increase their ser-
vice from two-horse hacks to four-horse coaches,
then they shall be paid extra compensation; but
merely, that if they found it necessary to put on
four-horse coaches, then the Postmaster General
shall allow them some difference of pay. If the
amount of mail matter transported over thatroad
was more than two-horse hacks could convey,
and the contractors were compelled, because of
the weight of the mail matter, to put on additional
service, 1 am willing to pay them for that addi-
tional service. But I want the bill to be so amended
that the Postmaster General shall not be misled
into allowing additional compensation when the
weight of the mail matter transported over the
line did not require additional service.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. The committee
instructed me, in drafting this bill, to provide that,
if the testimony should show that, from the weight
of the mails, these parties were obliged to perform
extra service, then they should have their accounts
audited, and be paid for the extra service. If the
bill docs not so provide, I feel authorized, with-
out a recommittal of the bill, to interline the «
words, "in consequence of the weight of the
mails."
Mr. I-IINDMAN. I am quite willing to accept
that amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let tlje bill be read again,
as modified.
The bill as modified was read. It provides that
the Postmaster General be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized and directed to adjust the accounts of *
Peay & Ayliff, late contractors on mail route No.
7503 in the State of Arkansas; and-if it appears
from the evidence produced by said Peay & Ayliff,
or on file in the Department, that said contractors,
in consequence of the weight of the mails, were
compelled, between the 1st of July, 1854, and the
1st of June, 1857, to perform extra service, not
contemplated under or covered by their contract,
then the Postmaster General shall cause the ac-
counts of said contractors, for such extra service,
to be audited and paid at a fair rate of compensa-
tion. 4
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 think the bill really expresses
rather more than the gentleman has explained. I
think the bill ought to state that if, upon ex-
amination-of the evidence the Department may
take, the Postmaster General is satisfied that the
contractors could not carry the mail, because of its
quantity and weight, without the use of a higher
grade of service, then he shall allow additional
compensation.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. That is substan-
tially what the bill does provide.
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, that is possibly the
effect of it. I know my friend from Arkansas does
not desire this bill to pass in a wrong shape, and
I suggest to him that it had better be recommitted.
This service was rendered from 1854 to 1857.
Suppose the proof before the Department shows
