1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1185
that for one trip, for one month, for one year, |
during that time, there had to be increased ser- j
vice: this bill, according to the construction that :
I put upon it, gives compensation for the whole
of that time, embracing about three years; and
it provides, further, that, if the parties produce
evidence that the contractors, from the weight
of the mails, had to put on additional service,
then he shall readjust the accounts. Now, you
must remember that the odds are all against the
Department; because the Postmaster General can
get hold of no witnesses, except such as the con-
tractors themselves may produce. In all likeli-
hood, the Post Office Department can examine
no evidence but what may be sent up by the con-
tractors themselves.
Mr. HINDMAN. I think the gentleman from
Alabama misapprehends the meaning of the bill.
In regard to this matter of extra service, the lan-
guage of the bill is:
And if it appears from the evidence produced by said
Peay & Ayhff, or on file in the Department, that said con-
tractors, in consequence of the weight of the mails, were
compelled, between the 1st of July, 1854, and the 1st of
June, 1857, to performextra services, not contemplated un-
der or covered by their contract, then the Postmaster Gen-
eral shall cause the accounts of said contractors, for such
extra service, to be audited and paid at a fair rate of com-
pensation.
That is, tliat they are to be paid for the extra
services by them necessarily rendered in conse-
quence of the increased weight of the mail matter,
and not for any other than the extra services which
they were compelled to render. I trust the House !
will at once put the bill upon its passage. i
Mr. HARDEMAN. I would like to ask the |
fentleman who reported this bill a question. If I
understand him correctly, he states that it is in j
evidence that the service had been performed on
this route in four-horse coaches for several years
before these parties took the contract.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. For fifteen years.
Mr. HARDEMAN. Then, these contractors
took the contract with a knowledge that for fif-
teen years the service had been performed in four-
horse coaches, and they offered to do it in two-,
horse hacks.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. The gentleman mis-
apprehends. The Post Office Department has
power, under the law, to advertise for just such
service, on any route in the United States, as that
Department may think proper, and they adver-
tised for two-horse service on this route. I do
not know that these men lived within fifteen hun-
dred miles of the route. Men in Pennsylvania
frequently become contractors for mail service in
Texas and Arkansas.
Mr. HARDEMAN. I inferred, from what has
been said, that this man, knowing that it had been
usual to carry the mail on that route by four-horse
coaches, bid for the service by two-horse coaches
for the purpose of obtaining the contract as the low-
est bidder. If so, I do not think he is entitled to
relief.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Not at all. I now
, call the previous question upon the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HINDMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I have another bill
to report
Mr. SHERMAN. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
"Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I desire to report
one other hill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it a private bill?
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, It is.
Mr. SHERMAN. You can report it, then, on
Friday. Before making a motion to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
I ask that certain communications which have been
received by the Committee of Ways and Means
may be printed.
'the order to print was made, there being no
objection.
sice seamen's FUND.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am also instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to report the fol-
lowing resolution; which I ask may be adopted ]
by the House:
Rciolced, That the Committee on Public Expenditures
be instructed to inquire into the mode of expending the
fund for sick and disabled seamen, underthesevcralacts of
CoDgress for the relief of such seamen, and the appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in said fund; with leave to re-
port by bili or otherwise.
The resolution was agreed to.
LIGHTING TUB CAPITOL, ETC.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to^report the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds be instructed to inquire into the mode and manner
of lighting tiie Capitol and President's House, the public
grounds around them and around the executive offices, and
Pennsylvania avenue, Bridge and High streets in George-
town, Four-and-a-Half, Seventh, and Twelfth streets across
the Mall; the annual expense thereof; and if iighted by gas,
how supplied, and on what terms ; and whether a contract
cannot be made for a supply of gas on better terms than it
is now furnished at; ,with leave to report by bill or other-
wise.
The resolution was, by unanimous consent,
received,and agreed to.
LOAN, TARIFF, ETC.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am also instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to report a bill to
provide for the payment of outstanding Treasury
notes; to authorize a loan; to regulate and fix the
duties on imports, and for other purposes.
Mr. COBB. I object to the introduction of that
bill.
The SPEAKER. The biffcannot be received,
if objected to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the objection comes
too late.
Mr. COBB. Certainly not. I cannot object to
a bill until it has been read or stated. I objected
the moment that was done.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state that I only de-
sire to have the bill read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and printed. The friends
of the bill desire to submit it, not only for the
consideration and information of the members of
the House, but for the consideration of every-
body. I do not propose to take any advantage
of a motion to rec< lsider, or of any privileged
motion, to get it before the House. The propo-
sition is simply to refer it to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. *
Mr. COBB. With the understanding that the
bill shall be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and no motion
to reconsider made to bring it before the House,
I will withdraw my objection to its introduction.
Mr, McQUEEN. If the gentleman from Ala-
bama withdraws his objection, I will renew it.
We have voted away the public lands, and now
it is proposed to impose an additional tax upon
the people. I object.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I appeal to gentlemen upon
the other side to withdraw all objection to the in-
troduction of this bill. The wants of all sections
require it should pass.
Mr. COBB. Under the circumstances, I think
I will hold on to my objection.
The SPEAKER. If objection be made, the
bill cannot be introduced.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I desire to report
from the Committee of Ways and Means one of
the general appropriation bills.
Air. CAMPBELL. I object to the introduction
of that bill; and 1 give notice that I will object to
the introduction of any appropriation bill until the
tariff bill has been reported. It is more important
than anv other.
Mr.S"HERMAN. Allowme,thcn, Mr. Speak-
er, to say to gentlemen on both sides of the House,
that if these objections are persisted in,itwill be
impossible for the Committee of Ways and Means
to get through the ordinary appropriation bills for
carrying on the Government. I hope the House
will allow both these bills to be introduced. It is
aprivilege that has never been denied.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think if the gentleman will
look, he will find that the rule requires the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report the appro-
priation bills within a certain time after the com-
mencement of the session.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. HOUSTON. The rule requires the com-
mittee to report the appropriation bills, and they
j have the right to do it. A single objection cannot
prevent their introduction. I have known the
chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means
taken to task for not reporting these bills within
the prescribed time; it is his duty to do it. I do
not mean to say that this committee has not per-
formed its duty in this respect; I think it has; bat
I do mean to say that it is not only the duty of
the committee to report these bills, but that it is
their right to report them at any time, and that
an objection cannot prevent them from being re-
ported.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand what has been
the practice in this respect; and I now beg the in-
dulgence of gentlemen on both sides of the House
to permit me to introduce these bills. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means has no privilege under
the rules above any other committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman will look
at the rules, he will find that they have that privi-
lege.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am familiar with the rule,
and I will state that the Committee of Ways and
Means will be prepared during the present week
to report all the annual appropriation bills; and if
the House will sustain them, they will take them
up and disj>ose of them promptly. If the House .
will sustain them, they will endeavor to have them
all passed before the meeting of the Charleston
convention. I trust that all objection will be
withdrawn, and that both these bills will be al-
lowed to be introduced, and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. Mc&UEEN. I have no objection at all to
the introduction of the regular appropriation bills
I am as desirous as tiny other member that they
shall all be passed through this House; but I will
say that, so long as my opposition can avail any-
thing, 1 will oppose any bill to increase the taxes
upon my constituents for the benefit of any State
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am under the impression
and belief that the bill first sought to be reported
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means is of more importance to the country than
any appropriation bill which can be submitted for
the consideration of this House; and I will object
to the introduction of every appropriation till so
long as gentlemen on the other side persist in their
objections to this bill.
Mr. McGlUEEN. I am ready to admit that
it is importantto the iron interestof Pennsylvania
that a tariff bill shall be passed; but it is as im-
portant to my constituents that they shall not be
taxed for the support of the interest of the people
of any State.
Mr. CAMPBELL. This bill is as important
to other interests of the country as it is to the iron
interest of Pennsylvania. It will protect the in-
terests of the South as well as those of the North.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask that the rule relating
to the reporting of these appropriation bills shall
be read:
The 79th rule was read, as follows:
" It shall also be the duty of the Committee of Ways and
Means, within thirty days after their appointment, at every
session of Congress commencing on the iirst Monday of De-
cember, to report the general appropriation bills—for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of Government; for the
Army, for the Navy; and for the Indian department and
Indian annuities—or, in failure thereof, the reasons of such
failure."
Mr. HOUSTON. In addition to that, I will
say that 1 cltn produce a case directly in point.
While I was chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, I proposed to report one of tbese bills
Objection was made, and the Speaker allowed me
to report the bill over the objection, as a matter
of right. I have no doubt the case will be found
reported in the Congressional Globe. I remem-
ber it perfectly well. That has been the construc-
tion of the rule, and why ? Because here is a duty
required of a committee, and that committee can-
not discharge that duty,under this rule,if I make
objection. Can you require that a committee
shall report within a certain time, and then, when
that committee proposes to make its report within
the time fixed, and when it is not the regular call
of committees for reports, permit one member of
this House, by his single objection, to prevent
the committee from the fulfillment of its duty under
the rules of the House ? The whole thing is ab-
surd—utterly absurd. If the rules enjoin a duty>
of course they will provide the means for its ful-
fillment, impliedly, if in no other way. The posi-
tion taken that one objection prevents the recep-
