1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided m
the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 63; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams,
Adrain, Asliinore, Babbitt, Barksdalc, Barr, Barrett, Beale,
Blake, Bocock, Bonham, Brabson, Branch, Bnstow, Bur-
nett j&urnham, Butteifield, Case, Clopton, Clark B. Coch-
rane, Cooper, James Craig, Crawford, Curtis, De Jarnette,
Dunn Edwards, Eliot, Florence, Foster, Grow, Hale, Har-
deman, J. Morrison Harris, Helmiek, Hoard, Howard,
Hughes, Hutchiiis, Junkin,WiiliamKellogg, Keuyon, Kun-
Itel, Landium, Larrabee, James M. Leacli, Logan, Long-
necker, Loomis, Love, Lovejoy, Mallory, Marston, Mc-
Knight, MePherson, McQueen, Millward, Laban T. Moore,
Edward Joy Morris, Morse, Nelson, Nixon, Oiin, Pendle-
ton, Perry, Peyton, Phelps, Porter, X'ugh, Quarles, Rice,
Schwartz, William Smith, Spinner, Stallworth, Stanton,
William Stewart, Stratton. Tappan, Taylor, Thayer,
Tlieaker, Thomas, Train, Underwood, Yandever, Wade,
Winslow, and Woodrutf—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Alley, Thomas L. Anderson, Wil-
liam C. Anderson, Avery, Bingham, Blair, Buffinton, Burch,
John B. Olark, Cobb, John Cochrane, Colfax, Coukling,
Burton Craige, Duell, Edgerton, Etlieridge, Fenton, Ferry,
Gartrell, Gooch, John T. Harris, Hatton, Holman, Houston,
Humphrey, Irvine, Jackson, Francis W. Kellogg, DeWitt
C. Leach, Lee, Millson, Montgomery, Moorhead, Morrill,
Isaac N. Morris, Niblack, Palmer, Pettit, Potter, Pryor,
Reagan, Reynolds, Christopher Robinson, James C. Rob-
inson, Rovce, Scott, Sherman, Simms, Stokes, Tompkins,
Vance, Waldron, Walton, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Wells, Wmdom, Woodson, and Wright—63.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. ADRAIN said, that inasmuch as this Con-
gress had already appropriated $50,000 for the re-
ception of the Japanese embassy, lie thought that
it was proper tlie members of the House should
be present at the landing; he should, therefore,
vote "ay."
Mr. PERRY said that he had paired with Mr.
Noell upon all political questions, with the lib-
erty, however, to transfer. He took the liberty
of transferring that pair to Mr. Trimble, who
was absent from the House in consequence of
indisposition. He should, therefore, hold himself
at liberty to vote.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM said he had paired
on all questions, except territorial business, until
Monday next, at twelve o'clock, with his col-
league, Mr. Ashley.
Mr. LONGNECICER stated that his colleague,
Mr. Verree, had paired with Mr. Whiteleyon
all political questions until next Monday week.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, said that
his colleague, Mr. Wood, had paired with Mr.
Maynard until Tuesday next.
Mr. COBB said: Mr. Speaker, if this adjourn-
ment is to meet the Japanese at the landing that
we may present something imposing, I will vote
against it, believing if we remain in session, and
conduct ourselves as we should, and they visit us
here, it will make a much better impression on
them. I am for cultivating the most friendly
relations with those visitors.
Mr. LEAKE stated that, if he had been within
the bar when his name was called, he would have
voted "ay."
Mr. STOUT said he had paired with Mr.
Gurley.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I do not wish to vote,
if I can explain a remark I made yesterday. I
said the Japanese matter was an expensive lram-
" bug. I did not mean a humbug per se. 'But owing
to the utter indifference of this Congress as to our
Mexican affairs, where our commercial interests
are suffering so much, and where our citizens are
so unprotected, and where so many of them are
murdered, I think this Japanese demonstration is
a humbug.
Mr. ADRAIN. I object to debate.
A Member stated that Mr. KiLi-iNCERWasout
of the House in consequence of indisposition.
The vote was then announced, as above re-
corded.
Mr. ADRAIN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope that motion will not
be adopted. There may be some storm or other
cause which would make the House wish to change
its order.
Mr. ADRAIN. There will be no storm topre-
ventthemfrom landing. I insistupon my motion.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BROOKLYN POST OFFICE.
Mr. HUMPHREY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to construct a building for a post
office in the city of Brooklyn, State of NewYork;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
\ TERRITORY OP IDAHO.
Mr. GROW. • The bill for the establishment
of the Territory of Idaho was postponed from
Thursday last. I shall make a short statement
in reference to it, and then leave the House to dis-
pose of it as they please. On Thursday last, when
the Committee on Territories introduced this bill,
two amendments were offered—one to strike out
the proviso in reference to slavery; and the other,
offered by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr, Kel-
logg,] allowing the people of theTerritories, when
they shall have a certain number of inhabitants, to
elect their own officers.
Mr. THAYER. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. GROW. I hope the gentleman will allow
me first to make my statement,
Mr. THAYER. Very well;_go on.
Mr. GROW. It is due to myself, as well as to
gentlemen who have misunderstood what took
place on Thursday. I moved on Thursday to
postpone this bill and amendment?, with all the
other territorial business of that day, until to-day,
in order that the House might dispose of the
tariff bill. Now, in the confusion which existed
yesterday, as well as the day before, several gen-
tlemen supposed that all the territorial business
of the House had been postponed until to-day. If
gentlemen had given attention to the motion which
I made, or had read the motion as it appeared in
the Globe of yesterday, they would have seen
that my object was to report one of these bills for
organizing new Territories; allow gentlemen to
piesent their amendments, so that tlicy should be
printed, and gentlemen could then see them in the
order in which they would have to be voted on;
then postpone that bill until to-day, and, in the
mean time,'allow yesterday to be devoted to the
business of the organized Territories. This is
what I said on Thursday:
" I want to see if the House will agree to the proposition
which I made a short time ago; it is to let the hill stand as
it is now, in the same relation to the business of the House,
and postpone the further consideration of the territorial
business of to-day till Saturday. Then let all the amend-
ments which gentlemen desire to ofler, be printed; and
when the bill comes up,gentlemen can vote down pending
amendments, so as to bo able to offer others if they desire
to do so.
" I desire to say, in answer to the gentleman from Ala-
bama, that no injustice can be done to any part of the House
by letting the business stand in the same position that it
is now in. I eertainly cannot consent that the bill shall be
placed in a worse position than it now occupies. Jf sent
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
it will go to the foot of the Calendar. 1 propose to-morrow
to go into committee and take up the bills relating to the^
organized Tcrutories. I propo-e to devote the balance ot^
the tune to the consideration of these bills, taking one ot
them as a test."
That proposition was agreed to. This bill, with
the amendments, went over until to-day. The
proposition included all the territorial business of
that day; but of course nothing could be included
except the bills which had then been reported. It
was necessary to put the motion in the form in
which I made it, in order to take up and -dispose
of the tariff; otherwise, if the House had gone
into committee, they could not have taken up the
tariff bill; bccause territorial business had been
made the special order for that day in committee
as well as in the House. Yesterday I moved, m
accordance with my promise, to go into the Com-
I mittceof the Whole on the state of the Union for
j the purpose of disposing of the business of the
organized Territories; after which I proposed to
dispose of the business of organizing new Territo-
ries. That the House refused to do. Thebusiness
in order4 then, was to call the committees for re-
ports, and, as chairman of the Committee on Ter-
ritories, I was bound to present the reports with
which I had been charged. There was no cer-
tainty that the Committee on Territories would be
called again during the present session of Con-
gress. ,
Now, sir, when this House has charged me
with the management of certain business, and an
opportunity presents itself for its transaction, it
shall not be my fault if it is not considered. Liie
bill presented on Thursday for the organization
of the Territory of Idaho contained in it a.P*°"
vision giving the Territorial Legislature the right,
by a two-thirds vote, to pass bills over the veto
of the Governor. The majority of the committee
yesterday instructed me, in the bill for the es*b-
lishmentof a government for the same Territory,
to' change that two-thirds clause so that a majority
of the Territorial Legislature may overrule- the
veto of the Governor, and pass bills so vetoed.'
They gave me the same direction as to all the
bills, although it was not.my expectation to re-
port any of them .yesterday. I presumed that We
would go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and dispose of the busi-
ness of the regularly-organized Territories by
three o'clock, and that then, if that was the tem-
per of the House, we could go to the considera-
tion of the bills for the organization of new Ter-
ritories; but by the refusal of the House to go into
committee, my order of transacting this business
was reversed.
If I am entitled to the floor upon the bill, I pro-
pose to submit a few remarks on it. If a point of
order be not made I will proceed at once.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I raise apoint of
order. The bill for the Territory of Idaho was
reported from the Committee on Territories by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and onhismo-
tion its further consideration was postponed until
this day. He stated then to the House that he
proposed to report five bills for the organization
of new Territories, and that he would consider
the action of the House on the bill for the organ-
ization of the Territory of Idaho to apply to all
the other bills. The record shows that fact.
Mr. GROW. Alt the bills were not postponed.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. The further con-
sideration of the bill for the organization of the
Territory of Idaho was postponed until this day;
and, sir, according to the gentleman's statement
on Thursday, all the other bills went with that
bill for Idaho. Notwithstanding that, sir, the
first thing he did yesterday was to report another
bill for the organization of this same Territory of
Idaho. What excuse does he give for that?
Mr. GROW. The gentleman does not state
correctly what was done yesterday. The first
motion that I made was to suspend the rules, and
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. I made that motion in order that
we might first take up and dispose of the regular
and ordinary business of the organized Territo-
ries; but, sir, the House refused to go into com-
mittee for that purpose. Then I was forced to
take up the other business first.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. The gentleman
excuses himself by saying that he moved that the
rules be suspended and the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union for the consideration of the regular
business of the organized Territories, and that,
when that was refused, he fell back on his reserved
rights. As a further justification, he alleges that
the Committee on Territories authorized Inm yes-
terday morning to change the bill for the organ-
ization of the Territory of Idaho, abill previously
introduced for the organization of the same Ter-
ritory having been postponed to this day.
Now, sir, the gentleman reported liis bill yes-
terday, and it provided for the organization of the
same Territory, with the same boundaries. We
have not learned in what particular it was differ-
ent from the bill which he reported on Thursday
The bill reported yesterday contained the same
features which were so objectionable to me. It
was brought up when I was absent from the Hall.
When I came into the House yesterday morning,
I found the gentleman from Pennsylvania upon
the floor, pressing the consideration of the bill
I did think the gentleman was acting in badfaith.
But the bills were reported, and tho House is
aware that as each came up it was laid upon the
table. Now, it would seem that the gentleman
falls back upon his bill reported on Thursday
There may be some technicality of parliamentary
law that wili enable him to bring up this bill for
the organization of the Territory of Idaho, when
we alfknow that a bill for that purpose was laid
upon the table yesterday. I protested against the
bill being taken up yesterday; but against my
protest, tho House did take it up. On the motion
of some gentleman, the bill was laid upon the table.
jN"ow it is taken up again. Ho shuffles and shuf-
fles, and he always turns this Jack upon the top.
"When theHousehave disposed of a question, it is
an insult to it to force that question again before
it, consuming time that ought to be aevoteu to
