I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
dr. evans's report.
Mr. PITCH. It will be recollected by the Sen-
ate that the Committee on Printing, to "whom was
referred Dr. Evans's geological survey of Oregon
and Washington Territories, reported it back,
and asked to be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the subject. I move that the man-
uscript and accompanying papers be taken from
the office of the Secretary of the Senate and. re-
turned to the office of the Superintendent of Pub-
lic Printing, where they appear to belong.
The motion was agreed to.
mary preston.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 297, for the relief of Mary Preston, widow of
George Preston. /
Mr. LANE. It is hardly worth while to take
up a Senate bill at this time of the session.
Mr. GRIMES. I will explain it to the satis-
faction of the Senator from Oregon, I think, if it
is taken up. I will merely state that it is for the
widow of a man who was thirty-seven years in
the service of the United States as a soldier and
ordnance sergeant—one of the best soldiers we
ever had.
Mr. BRAGG. How much does the bill give?
Mr. GRIMES. It gives her eight dollars a
month.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 291) for the relief of Mary
Preston, widow of George Preston. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place upon the pension
rolls, at the rate of eight dollars per month, the
name of Mary Preston, widow of George Pres-
ton, late an ordnance sergeant in the service of
the United States, from the 7th of February, 1859.
Mr. TOOMBS. Read the report. I find you
are at the same business I left you at—depleting
the Treasury.
The Secretary read the report made by Mr.
Grimes from the Committee on Pensions, from
which it appears that the husband of the petitioner
served in the United States Army as private, ser-
geant, and ordnance sergeant, for above thirty-six
years, continuously, and died at Port Smith, Ar-
kansas, February 7, 1859.
Mr. TOOMBS. Now, Mr. President, hero is
as naked a violation of every principle, and every
rule, in regard to pensions, as ever was presented.
The Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] moved
the other day to pension them all. Here is aman,
to whose widow it is proposed to give a pension,
and no reason is given for it except that he served
as a sergeant in the Army of the United States,
and laid down in his bed and died at Fort Smith
in a time of profound peace. Is it possible that
anybody can be found in the Senate of the United
Statest to sanction such a principle as this, overrid-
ing the law of the land; overriding every princi-
ple connected with pensions for fifty years? I
should like to know the reason, or if any can be
given in the Senate except that this man died in
the service of the United States in a time of pro-
found peace. That is now the question.
Mr. DAVIS. I think I can give the Senator a
better reason than that.
Mr. TOOMBS. What is that ?
Mr. DAVIS. The length of time he served the
United States. I knew this old sergeant well.
He served under Pike. He was one of the oldest
and one of the most faithful soldiers in the Army.
He had borne arms under Pike in his campaign !
in the western country, at a time when that re-
gion, where now States have been organized, was
a wilderness. He was a man of remarkable ca-
pacity and of remarkable character. He was
ordinarily selected to instruct recruits. Hisduties
were those of asub-heutenantin the French army.
I think it is a case of extraordinary merit, and I
suppose it was presented as an exception to the
general rule.
Mr. TOOMBS. The exception to the general
rule, then, is thirty-six years'service. The usual
one is the station of the party or the poverty that
he left'his family in. But here is a naked case
of a subaltern having served this length of time
in the Army, because, I suppose, he was better
paid there than anywhere else. 1 presume the
persons in the Army of the United States can be
ordered to any place that the Government selects.
It does not make him different from any other
that he served on the frontiers where States arc
now organized. So has everybody that has
served at all. I have served myself in places
that are now Territories; and if that is a reason
for giving a pension, I suppose the whole Army
will have pensions. I presume there are very few
who served ten years but what have served in
places that were once Territories and are now
States. It is a total departure from all the prin-
ciples recognized by the Government. It can
only be upon the principle that you can pension
the widow of every man who dies in the service
of the United States. I say a man in the civil
service is just as much entitled as one in the mil-
itary service in time of peace, whether officer or
private. What great hardship is there in serving
as an officer or soldier in the Army of the United
States, wliori perhaps they get there better wages
than they would anywhere else? Then I say it
is a departure from all the principles which have
been laid down. 1 have never known, in my life,
a pension granted on such an extraordinary posi-
tion as this. It is, in fact, saying that everybody
who applies for a pension shall have it; and that
seems to be the rule of the Committee on Pen-
sions of the Senate of the United States. I call
for the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to say, in connection
with this bill, that I have no^particular interest in
it. It is a case that was presented originally to
the Senate by the Senator from Arkansas, not
now in the Chamber, [Mr. Johnson.] It has
been suggested that it had better not be passed
during his absence, and, therefore, perhaps it had
better lie over.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to that. You take
up a case of this sort when nobody is here to call
attention to it arid get it through. That is the
way most of these bills are passed.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not tlunk there can be any
necessity for passing it over.- I think in any
other country than our own such lengthy service
would have been pensioned during the life-time
of the individual. Ithas extraordinary merit,and
is an exceptional case.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President 
Mr. GRIMES. We have passed during the
present session of Congress pensions based solely
upon the amount of service——
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) The Senator from Minnesota
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. RICE. When I addressed the Chair, I
supposed from what the Senator from Iowastated,
as the Senator from Arkansas was not in his seat,
that this bill was postponed. I rose for the pur-
pose of calling up another measure. If this bill
is not disposed of, of course I must yield.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in the
power of the Senate to postpone the further con-
sideration of the bill.
Mr. K.1CE. I understood from the Senator
from Iowa that, in consequence of the Senator
from Arkansas not being in his seat, it was his
wish that it should be laid over.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to its going
over. The Senator from Arkansas, I know, takes
a special interest in it, and has special informa-
tion concerning it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Iowa move to postpone the further con-
sideration of the bill?
Mr. GRIMES. I will consent to its being post-
poned for the present.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to any postponement.
I want a vote, on it. Do not take it up m the Sen-
ate when there are but ten or fifteen present, and
pass it through. If it is a case of extraordinary
merit, let it be adjudged by the Senate of the Uni-
ted States. If you are to pension for length of
service, give every honest man who serves a cer-
tain length of time a pension. If that is your judg-
ment, make it the law. The idea here is, that
because this man served tlnrty-six years, we
should pension his widow. Why not pension
the widow of every other honest man who serves
for a length of time? As I would not pension any
man born of woman, unless he came in under the
lav/, of course I will not vote for this bill. It is
against my principles, and the principles of my
fathers, and of this Government.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in the
power of the majority of the Senate to postpone
the further consideration of the bill. .
Mr. DAVIS. I do not understand the ground
of the objection of the Senator from Georgia.
Does he want a vote taken or no?
Mr. TOOMBS. I do. I say I object to the
postponement, and want the vote taken. • .
Mr. DAVIS. As I understand him, he objects,
to the postponement, and then objects to there
being- so thin a Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS. No; I did not. I objectecTto
the postponement, and demanded the yeas £ind
nays on passing the bill. I do not want it to be
postponed, and then have it taken up again when
there is nobody to examine theprinciple, or when
somebody is absent. Let it be taken up now and
discussed. I object to its postponement.
Mr. DAVIS. I thought the Senator objected
on account of the Senate being so thin.
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir; not at all. I object
to the bill being postponed. If there are too few
people here to defeat bills, there are too few
to pass them, or there ought to be. It seems,
when objection is made to the bill, the Senator
from Iowa moves to postpone it on account of the
thinness of the Senate, I suppose. If that is the
true reason, it is a very good reason for notpass-
ing it.
Mr. GRIMES. I move a postponement of the
bill for the present.
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion, ayes 18, noes 8—-no quorum voting.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to any business being
done by the Senate. This will be the first busi-
ness in order when we get a quorum.
legislative expenses op minnesota.
Mr. RICE. I believe I did not lose the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. RICE. I rise for the purpose of asking
that the bill from the House of Representatives,
No. 703, which was reported from the Commit-
tee on Territories yesterday, be considered. If
there is any objection to it, I shall not press it.
It has passed the House unanimously, and is now
before the Senate. There is a clerical error in the
bill in regard to the date. The Committee on
Territories propose to amend it in that particular;
and should the Senate deem it proper to pass the
bill, it is necessary that it should be acted upon
early, in order that the House may concur in the
amendment reported by the Committee on Terri-
tories.
Mr. LANE. What does the bill provide ?
Mr. RICE. Thebill isthis: in J857,Congress
made an appropriation of J>26,000 for paying- the
legislativecxpensesoftheTerritory of Minnesota.
Mr. LANE. An expensive. Territory.
Mr. RICE. It may have been an expensive
Territory; but I think it would come with a bet-
ter grace from any other Senator here than for the
Senator from Oregon to say so. This money was
appropriated to pay the legislative expenses of
that 'I erritory. There was, to carry out the en-
abling act, a session of the Legislature of that
Territory. This money has never been paid by
the United States. The State of Minnesota, after
she became a State, borrowed money, on which
she has paid, and is now paying, eight per cent,
interest, and liaspaid all these debts. The object of
this bill is simply to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay it to the State for the Territorial
Legislature. That is all there is in it. There is
a clerical error in the bill as it came from the House.
It is stated that the appropriation was made in •
1856, when it should be 1857; and the Committee
on Territories have reported the bill with that
amendment. If the Senate deem it to be right, it
ought t<9*be passed in order to go back to the
House to have that clerical error remedied.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that there is no quorum present; and it is
impossible to transact business until a quorum
appears.
Mr. MALLORY. Several Senators have since
comcin. There is a quorum now present, 1 think.
Mr. RICE. I presume there will be no objec-
tion to the bill. If there should be, I will let it go
over. I merely want that clerical error rectified,
in order that it may go back to the House. I
believe there was no objection to the bill in either
the committee of the House or the Senate, or in
the House.
