116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
that there were, upon the pi-esentation of that re-
solution, but two alternatives which could have
been adopted by honest and candid men. What
wart they, sir? First, if they signed the indorse-
ment of this infamous book with a knowledge of
its contents, and if the doctrines which it contains
reflected their real sentiments," it was their duty,
as honest and as candid men,to have marched up
to the responsibility that devolved upon them by
virtue of their previous acts, to have met the
question without equivocation or evasion, and to
have voted down the resolution. But if those
gentlemen who hail from the land of schools and
school-hotises, who claim that in their particular
section of the Union is embodied the mass of the
intelligence, the education, and the wealth of this
country; if those gentlemen, with the killing fact
before them, disclosed by the gentleman from
Mississippi, [Mr. Lamar,] that this publication
had beeh long ago the subject of discussion at the
other end of the Capitol; if, with this fact before
them, they could reconcile it to themselves to set
up the plea of ignorance, it was their duty to have
come forward and disclaimed the doctrines con-
tained in that book, and have apologized to that
section of the Union whose rights they had ihus
violated unconsciously- But how was it met?
Tlie subject had hardly been presented to the
consideration of this body, before a question of
order was raised by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Stevens;] and what was that ques-
tion of order? Why, that, until the House was
organized by the election of a Speaker, we could
do nothing except to ballot for Speaker—in other
words, that when my colleague [Mr. Phew.]
presented to this House (he name of Mr. Bocock
as a suitable person to fill the office of Speaker,
by virtue of this rule of parliamentary law, he
was precluded from laying before the House, and
the members thereof, the peculiar qualifications
of his candidate, whether they rested 011 his pre-
vious public acts or Ins personal characteristics,
and,gentlemen on the other side were precluded
from calling them in question. But so much was
the common sense of the House taken aback by
that question of order, that it seems to have been
abandoned almost before it was made. The Re-
publican party upon this floor were then in a
dilemma from which there seemed to be no pos-
sible extrication. Sir, it was beyond their power
to have offered the amendment which was pre-
sented by the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Gilmer.] And why? Because there is not
one of them who had not opposed, with all his
power, every proposition contained in that amend-
ment. It was, therefore, beyond their reach; it
was impossible for them to get at it; and—I speak
it with humiliation and shame—they found upon
this floor a gentleman who could place this in-
strumentality within their reach, who occupied
a different position. It was at this critical mo-
ment, when there seemed 110 means by which
they could dodge the responsibility, that the gen-
tleman from North Carolina [Mr. "Gilmer] inter-
posed with his blanket amendment, to cover over
their iniquities.
Now, sir, I should not undertake upon my per-
sonal responsibility to say to this House what
were the motives of that gentleman in offering
that amendment; nor shall I undertake to say to
tho House what were the motives of the gentle-
mail from Tennessee [Mr. Nelson] in sustaining
that amendment; but I have a right, sir, to draw
conclusions from tho facts which surround us.
Both of those gentlemen have denied all compli-
city with the Republicans upon this floor, and I
take them at their word.
But I must bo permitted to call their attention
to the law of accomplices for a moment. I do not
know what the law may be in North Carolina or
in Tennessee, but out in the backwoods of Mis-
souri we understand an accomplice to be one act-
ing in concert with another to accomplish some
wrongful act. That is what we understand. We
do not understand that it is necessary to consti-
tute an accomplice that there should be an express
agreement or bargain between two, or even an
implied understanding; but if two individuals,
having in view the same design, unite in action
by fit means to accomplish that design, we hold
and regard them as accomplices. There is an-
other old rule of law and of morals to which I
beg leave to call the attention of the distinguished
gentlemen from North Carolina and from Ten-
nessee, and that'is, that every man is presumed to
intend the necessary and legitimate consequences
of his own acts, and that presumption becomes
conclusive unless he overturn it by positive and
sufficient evidence. How, then, do these two gen-
tlemen stand with reference to the Republican
party on this floor, drawing the logical conclusions
that must be deduced from this proposition ? Here
is tho Republican party in a dilemma from which
they have no means of extrication. The gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. Gilmer] offers an
amendment; arid what is that amendment ? Why,
to strike out all after the word " Resolved" in the
resolution of my colleague, the necessary and le-
gitimate consequence of which is to remove from
the consideration of this House the proposition
contained in that resolution censuring those gen-
tlemen who signed this recommendation of tho
Helper book. That is the necessary and legiti-
mate consequence of this amendment, and the rule
of law to which I have referred interposes and
says that those gentlemen so intended it.
But, sir, the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Inelsoh,] with an ability worthy of a better
cause, undertook to account to the House for his
support of that amendment. And how did he do
it? In the first place, he said, in substance, that
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
North Carolina could not, by any reasonable rule
of construction, be so construed as to wound the
feelings of any gentleman npon this floor. I do
not suppose that the honorable gentleman under-
stood the force of that reason when he gave it to
the House. Sir, here is a set of men who are
charged with a high moral and political crime.
A resolution is offered, at an appropriate time, to
censure them for it—to bring them to the bar of
the House, and try them before the House and
the public,and punish them by avote of censure.
Now, I hope and trust that I fully appreciate
those refinements of feeling that would lead every
gentleman to respect the feelings of others, partic-
ularly when associated with them on terms of
equality; but if it was a high moral and political
crime to send this incendiary work into the South
with their indorsement, then I cannot appreciate
that extraordinary sensitiveness which would
lead a man to shrink fiom the lcsponsibility of
passing a vote of censure on such conduct.
Sir, if that gentleman had been the presiding
judge of the court in which John Brown was in-
dicted, and the grand jury had been called up be-
fore him to receive their charge, he would have
addressed them something like this: Gentlemen
of the grand jury, it is true that these men have
been guilty of the blackcst crimes known to tho
laws of tins land; but if you bring in a bill of in-
dictment against them, and bring them for trial
before this court, you will hurt the feelings of that
stern old Puritan; and therefore, gentlemen, when
you retire to your room, I advise you, instead of
bringing in a bill of indictment against them, you
shall pass a resolution indorsing the compromise
measures of 1850. That will have the effect of
quieting this agitation and excitement, and to
restore peace to the country, and that is all we
desire.
Sir, it is a sufficient reason, to my mind, for
rejecting the resolution of the gentleman from
North Carolina, that it was intended to screen the
Republicans of this House from the responsibility
attaching to the signing of that circular.
But there is another reason assigned by the gen-
tlemen from North Carolina and Tennessee, that,
perhaps, deserves some consideration at the hands
of the members of this House. I refer to the elo-
quent address made to tjje House on the subject
of agitation. I11 love and affection to the Union
of these States, I profess to be not bohind those
gentlemen, or any other gentlemen 011 this floor;
but it has been peculiarly unfortunate that it so
happens that whenever 'these laudations of the
Union come up, whenever these denunciations of
agitation are hurled against the agitators, on every
occasion it has so happened that the agitation de-
nounced was against the aggressions of the North
upon the rights of the South, guarantied to them
under the Constitution and laws of the country.
But, sir, I repudiate this excuse upon higher
grounds, I say that no nation011 the face of the
earth, of which we have any record on the pages of
history, ever long maintained their liberty without
agitations against aggressions upon thoir rights.
And I go further: I say that no nation on the face
of the earth that will tamely submit to a violation
of their constitutional rights is worthy of-frcedom.
Sir, My mmd involuntarily recurs-back to the
past, when a British Parliament, led on' by a cor-
rupt ministry, asserted and carried into effect a
right to tax the colonies without their having a
representation in the body which passed those
laws; my mind recurs back to the period of time
when the celebrated stamp act was passed, and
when our fathers and your fathers met in neigh-
borhood councils, and in their colonial councils,
to agitato against the aggressive measures of the
BritishGovernment; there were then, as now, men
in the country who cried out "No agitation ! no
agitation!" "you will anger theBiitish lion; you
will destroy that harmony and unity of feeling
that exists between the colonies and the mother
country." That was the cry even as far back as
that day. I remember when Patrick Henry rose
m the Colonial Assembly of Virginia, and, m lan-
guage that burned as it fell from his lips, hurled
his denunciations against the British Government
for its tyrannies and aggressions. Yet, then, as
now, were there men in the country who cried
out against agitation. Do gentlemen' wish to
know by what name .they were called ? . In that
day they were called " tories," because they up-
held the strong arm of the imperial power against
the rights of the people.
I remember, at a later period, after the Consti-
tution had been formed, during the Administration
of the elder Adams, this system of aggression
upon tho rights of the people commencod, and
manifested itself by the enactment of the alien and
sedition laws. Agitation then rose, from one end
of the land to the other, and in the front rank of
the agitators of that day I find the immortal names
of Jefferson and Madison. There were then, too,
men in the country who cried "Down with agita-
tion! down with agitation!" *8fet, these men con-
tinued to agitate until they secured the repeal of
the alien and sedition laws, and hurled from their
power the administration which was making these
aggressions upon the rights of the people.
Out of this legislation and this agitation grew
up those immortal resolutions of Virginia and
Kentucky of J 798 and 1799, which the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Nelson] derisively termed
"straight-jacket lesolutions. "I thank thee,
Jew, for that .vord." Straight-jacket resolutions!
Ours is a straight-jacket Constitution. When our
fathers framed it they put a straight-jacket upon
it, and from that day to this there has been a strug-
gle between the two great parties of the country;
one trying to keep the straight-jacket on, and the
other trying to take it off. I' think the object
of the Constitution was, that there should be a
straight-jacket put on it, and this single sentiment
of the gentleman has furnished me a clue to the
otherwise mazy labyrinth of his speech in this
House. Old blue-light Federalism spoke, forth in
thunder tones in that short, meaning sentence.
Down with agitation! Sir, I thank God that wo
have men in the country who will continuo to
agitate in defense of their rights. But, sir, those
who were then opposed to agitation, after being
defeated, retired tor a time from the public gaze.
The snake was scotched, but not killed. Tho
disease soon began to manifest itself again.
A number of years after, a contiotersy arose
between this Government and Great Britain in
relation to the impressment of seamen, and thosG
noil-agitators were the men who burned blue-
lights on the rock-bound coasts of New England,
as signals and beacons to guide the vessels-of-war
of tho enemy into our harbors. They were the
men who, in sacred conclave at Hartford, formed
their treasonable designs, and fulminated their
treasonable resolutions, against their country, to
whom they owed their allegiance.
Later oil, there arose another set of agitators,
and foremost amongst these was the glorious and
immortal Henry Clay: and would to God that ho
were here to-day to denounce these men who
would deny us the right of agitation against the
violation of our rights. I regret that he is not hero
to rebuke these men—to pour oil upon these trou-
bled waters. But, alas ! we have only his exam-
ple, for he himself sleeps beneath the green sod
of his own loved Kentucky. But, sir, this agita-
tion had the effect of awakening the slumbering
patrioxism of the men of the country in every
direction. They sustained the Administration of
Madison in his war measures, and brought the
