1136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13.
tion q£ the report of the committee is absurd and
untenable. I remember'distinctfy, when I was
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
Iproposed to report oneof the appropriation bills.
Objection was made, but the Speaker promptly
decided that I was entitled to mate the report, not-
withstanding the objection; and I did make the
report from that committee. I will procure the
r^ferenqc to that case.
Mr.- SHERMAN. I have no doubt, sir, that
the note in Mr. Barclay's book gives the true in-
terpretation of the rule of the House. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means are, under the rules,
enjoined to report the appropriation bills within
thirty days from the date of their appointment at
the beginning pf each session.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hopes that the
gentleman will yield, to permit a former decision
to be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Mr. George W .Jones made tlie point of order that, un-
der the 79th rule, which requires the Committee of Ways
and Means to report the general appropriation bills within
thirty days alter the commencement of the scsskmi, it was
In order for the said committee to report at this tune.
" The Speaker overruled the said point of order.
"From this decision Mr. George W.Jones appealed.
" Pending which, on motion of Mr.-OnR,
" Ordered, That the said appeal be laid on' the table."
The SPEAKER. That is to be found in the
Journal of the House, third session, Thirty-
Fourth Congress, page 155.
Mr. HOUSTON. That, sir, is not the case to
which 'I have made reference. The case I re-
ferred to was one which occurred when I was
chairman of the Committee of "Ways and Means.
I will cite that case before I sit down. There was
no appeal from the decision of the Chair, which
was in my favor.
Let me have the attention of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.] Suppose the Committee
of Ways and Means propose to report the appro-
priation bills, and I object, and the thirty days
expire: then, that eonfmittee are bound, under
the rule, to report their reasons why these bills
were not reported. That committee can come here
and say that they were unable to report the ap-
propriation bills, because, while they had them
ready, objection was made, and they were pre-
vented from coming before the House. They may
Ray that the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Campbeix] objected, and that, for that reason, they
were unable to discharge their duty under the
rules. The first session I was chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, I was compelled
to state the reasons why one or two of the appro-
priation bills were not reported within the time
fixed by the rules. The reason for their noil-re-
port was, that the public documents necessary to
bo had before these bills were drawn up had not
been printed, (for the printing was then done under
the contract system,) and I stated then, that they
could not be reported until these documents were
printed. Here is the case to which I have already
made reference:
"Navy Jlppropriation Bill.
.. .IIo"STI"<' Itwill take some time to dispose of all
the bills reported by the Committee of the Whole, and but
a moment for me to report the nnval appropriation bill. I
therefore ask the consent of the House to report that bill
now.
"The Speaker. Upon referrim; to tlie rule?, the Chair
1 I .t'";,a')mion Ulat tilc gentleman has a right to repoit
UIC Ulii
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, there is no
use of discussing this point of order further. It
is plain and obvious to every gentleman, that the
Committee of Ways and Means have no privi-
leges in reporting bills, that arc not possessed by
the other standing committees of the House. It
is our duty, under the rules, to be ready to report
the appropriation bills within thirty days after
our appointment. When thatcommittee is called,
then we are enabled to report; but when there is
not a call, and our turn has not arrived, I do not
think we can make a report, unless by general
consent. We have, as J say, no privileges in
making reports, that are not possessed by other
committees.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio whether the first bill he proposed to report
from the Commiticc of Ways and Means was not
also an appropriation bill ? It makes, as I under-
stand, an appropriation for the purpose of pay-
ing the outstanding Treasury notes, or, in other
words, paying the debt of the United States. This
is as much an appropriation bill as any other.
The national debt is $58,000,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me say a word in
reply. The first bill I introduced appropriated
$21,000,000 for tlie purpose of redeeming the out-
standing Treasury notes. «
I wish now to submit a suggestion to the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, [Mr. McQ-ueeji,]
The motion I made m regard to this tariff bill, a
revenue bill, or whatever you may choose to call
it—this bill for the redemption of the outstanding
Treasury notes—does not place it in any better
condition than it will bo in if left in the hands of
the Committee of Ways and Means. My mo-
tion is that it be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and that it be
printed. It will be printed and spread before us;
and it cannot be taken up in that committee, ex-
cept after prolonged debate, and by a majority
vote. That same majority, sir, could at any
time get that bill out of the hands of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. McQJIEEN. Why not separate the two
subjects ? Why the necessity ef including in one
bill an appropriation to pi>y the debts of the Uni-
ted States, and a provision to increase the tariff?
I ask why it would not be better and more proper
to have these distinct matters in separate bills? I
make no objection to the speedy payment of the
debts of the United States; but, sir, I do object
to giving any advantage to the getting of a bill be-
fore this House for increasing the tariff. I shall
in no way further a proposition that has for its
object the enlargemem of the taxes imposed upon
the people of the United States.
Mr. Speaker, I have no doubt that this in-
crease of the tariff is an important measure for
the interest of Pennsylvania. I have yet to learn,
however, that it is to the advantage of my con-
stituents. I must ever oppose any measure that
adds to the class interest of Pennsylvania, or of
any other State, at the expense and to the great
loss of the people I have the honor to represent.
While it is important to them that they shall se-
cure all the advantages they can from the legis-
lation of the country, it is equally important to
my people that they shall not be overburdened
with, as I believe, unjust taxation.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I dqjftot propose, at this
time, to enter into a discussion of the tariff. It is
not before the House. I will do so at a proper
time.
Mr. McQ.UEEN. If the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means will separate the prop-
ositions, I will make no objection to any bill pro-
posing to pay the debts of the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have only to say that the
action of the Committee of Ways and Means has
been just as it is presented in that bill as I pro-
pose "to report it. There was no proposition
made in that committee for a division of the sub-
ject. I think that the subjects are properly to-
gether—the appropriation for the payment of the
outstanding Treasury notes, and a provision in
reference to the revenue of the United States, pro-
viding for the means for the purchase of those
outstanding Treasury notes.
Mr. McQlUEEN. That latter is a separate and
distinct matter.
Mr. SHERMAN. They are so intimately con-
nected that it would be difficult to separate them.
Mr. McdUEEN. There is now, in my judg-
ment, no necessity for an increase of the tariff for
purposes of revenue. Two years ago it was urged
that there was such a necessity, on account of the
commercial crisis which had then partially passed
over the country. There was a pretext then for
an increase of the tariff, but, sir, then; is no such
pretext now. There is now 110 necessity for any
increase of the tariff for the purposes^of revenue;
because the commercial interests of the country
have revived, and the importations this winter, I
understand, exceed, perhaps, those ever before
made during the same time. Therys no necessity
for any tariffjneasure now, unless it is for the pur-
pose of fostering class interests, and putting into
the pockets of the iron manufacturers, and other
manufacturers, money taken from the pockets of
the consumers of the country.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Is not the gentleman from
South Carolina aware that the Government is in
debt §58,000,000, and that it is necessary to in-
ciease the tariff, in order that we may have rev-
enue sufficient to pay that debt?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If there is
to be a general discussion on this subject, I want
to have a chance to say something- in favor of the
lead interest.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I under-
stand that this discussion is going on under a
question of order. I want the Speaker to decide
whether an objection prohibits the introduction
of an appropriation bill. I shall not discuss the
question of a tariff under a point of order. I
agree, sir, that until the tariff bill, as it is called,
is allowed to come in, no man on this side of this
House ought to permit a dollar of appropriation
to be made. I, however, now ask that the Speaker
shall decide the question of order.
Mr. Mc&UEEN. I understand thatthe Speaker
has dceided it, and that an objection docs prevent
an appropriation bill from coming in.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks, under
former decisions on this point, that it is very clear
the Committee of "Ways and Means have no priv-
ilege in making reports, not possessed by other
committees
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Then dis-
cussion is not in order.
The SPEAKER. And the Chair supposes that
the provision which directs the Committee of
Ways and Means to report the appropriation bills
within thirty days, means that they report if that
can be done in the regular order of business, and
when that committee is called upon under the
rules.
Mr. HOUSTON and Mr. SINGLETON took
the floor.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I object,
unless there is an appeal taken from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. SINGLETON. Is it in order to move that
there be a suspension of the rules, in order that
the bill may be reported ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to move for
a suspension of the rules on any other day than
Monday.
Mr. HOUSTON. With the permission of the
gentleman from Ohio, I wish to say a word.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I object to
any discussion.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is necessary that I shall
put myself right. I do not propose to enter into
any general debate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended,. and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to state that the de-
cision which has been read was made upon a bill
—the fortification bill—not included among those
mentioned in the rule, which provides for their
being reported within thirty days. Of course,
then, that decision has nothing to do with the
point I made.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whele on the state of the Union.
And I insist upon the motion; and if it is agreed
to, I shall then ask that the committee take up the
consular and diplomatic bill, which will give rise
to no debate.
The motion was agreed to; and the House re-
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Washburne, of Illi-
nois, in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated that when the com-
mittee was last in session, they had under con-
sideration the President's message; and that Mr.
Love was entitled to the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to lay aside, for the
present, the consideration of the President's mes-
sage, for the purpose of taking up the consular
and diplomatic bill. I do not think it will take
more than a half or three quarters of an hour to
consider that bill; and if the gentleman from Geor-
gia LMr. Love] will withdraw his claim to the
floor for the present, I will agree to an under-
standing that, if this bill is not disposed of in the
time I have named, we will then lay it aside, and
take up the other matter.
The committee proceeded to consider House
bill No. 4, being a bill making appropriations fpr
the consular and diplomatic expenses of the GroV-
ernment for the year ending June 30,1861.
The bill was then read.
