3024
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15.
■The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Senate proceed, to the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 703) making appropriations
for the payment of the expenses of the Legislative
Assembly of the Territory of Minnesota.,
Mr. HAMLIN. Fish of one and flesh of an-
other is no rule for me. If there was no quorum
to act on the bill under consideration a little while
ago, there is no quorum for this.
RICE. i think there is a quorum now
present.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The Chair will
see whether there is a quorum or not. The Chair
is informed by the Sergeant-at-Arms that there is
no quorum in attendance, and the Senate, therefore,
cannot procced to business.
Mr. FOLK. To test that question, I oslc for
the yeas and nays on the motion of the Senator
from Minnesota. I am very certain that there is
a quorum here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this motion
the yeas and nays are called for.
. Mr. RICE. 1 do not wish to obstruct business.
I do nBt want to have the yeas and nays called
on this question. If there is not a quorum pres-
ent, let us wait. If any Senator says that this
bill is not right, I do not wish it to pass. If it is
light, it should be acted on at once, in order that
the House may correct the error they have made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sergeant-
at-Arms reports to the Chair that there is no quo-
rum present.
Mr. MALLORY. The motion was to take up
the bill. 1 object to its being taken up, and upon
that I ask for a division of the Senate. Then* is
a quorum present.
The question being- taken on a division; thcic
were—ayes 24, noes 5; no quoium voting-.
Mr. RICE. 1 suppose it is in order to make
some remarks upon the subject, is it not?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in or-
der to transact any business.
Mr. FOOT. 1 move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. PEARCE. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 5, nays 134; <us follow?,:
Yi3Ae>— Messrs. Climes, Hale, Ttumbull, Wade, anil
Yuleo—;>.
NAYri—Messrs. Anthony, Bicjlcr, lUnqJuun, Bin"?,
ei<in, Chuk, Dixon, Dooiittle, Duikce, t'Y^-"'nd«-si,
Pitch, Foot, Hamlin, Ikirhut, Hemphill, Hunter, Johnson
of Tennessee, i/jme, Mailoiv. [WboKon, Pemco.
1'olli, Powell, Rice, Saulshtny, Newaiil, Simmons, Sum-
nei, Ton JfycK, Tooinbs, VVigiall, umt VViUcm—3-1.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. RICK. I now move to take up the bill I
have indicated.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committer of the Whole, proceeded to con-
Rider the bill (H. R. No. 703) making appropri-
ations for the expenses of the Legislative Assem-
bly of the Territory of Minnesota. It directs
that the sum of $!2G,0G0, or so much of it as has
not. been heretofore paid, appropriated by the act
of August, 185G, for the payment of the expenses
of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
Minnesota, be appropriated to be paid to the Stale
of Minnesota.
Tiie Committee on Territories reported the bill
with un amendment, to strike out, in line five, the
word "August," and insert "March 3," and
in line six, to strike out the word "six," and
insert " seven;" so that it will read:
That the stun of .$$6,000, or so much thereof as has not
been heretofore paid, appiopriated by the act of Marcii 3,
A. I). 11307, Ate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill oidered to bo read a
third time, Itwasread the third time,and passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. MALLORY. I will ask the consent of
the Senate, to take up and pass a bill which will
not occupy five minutes. If it does, I will with-
draw it. It is a very hard case, and the Senate,
i know, will pass it if it is taken up. It will not
give use to any discussion.
Mr. CAMERON. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. MALLORY. Let me pass this bill. If it
takes five minutes, 1 will give way.
Mr. CAMERON. Then somebody else will
have a request to make. I must insist on theorder
of business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the busi-
ness before the Senate is the bill which was under
consideration when the Senate took a recess, on
which the Senator from Rhode Island is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. FITCH. "What 1ms become of the bill
for the relief of Mary Preston, which was pend-
ing on a motion to postpone? There was no
quorum present on a motion to defer the bill.
That motion, I think, is still pending, and I call
for the consideration of the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
was passed over for want of a quorum, atfd the
Senator from Minnesota has since moved/lie con-
sideration of another bill, after a quorum was
present.
THE TARIFF.
The Senate, as in Committee of the "Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (II. R. No.
338) to provide for the payment of outstanding
Treasury notes, to authorize a loan, to regulate
and lix the duties on imports, and for other pur-
poses, the pending question being on the motion
of Mr. Hunter, to postpone the further consid-
eration of tlie bill until the second Monday m
December next.
Mr. SIMMON'S. Mr. President, when the
Senate took a ree.ess" 1 was speaking of the effect
of the postponement of this measure, and consid-
ering our rolatj^ms with the House of Represent-
atives. It will be lecoliected that there was ubill
pending; yc&teidny for the .support of the execu-
tive, legislative, and judicial drpartments of the
Government—a bill, jn fart, to pay the President
and membeis of Congress and the judicial de-
partments, which came from the Representatives
of the people of this country; and what has the
Senate done with it? They have said, we will
take tlu.s bill, provided you will let us get into
debt to raise the money. That is the effect of it.
We have saddled our own supply bill-with a rider
to force the llou.se of Representatives to submit
to oui tcrni'5. i have read sometimes that the
Commons of England used to put riders on the
supply bills, to secure some rights of the people,
in order to starve the Crown into compliance; but
1 never knew the House of Lords, on a supj^y bill,
attempting to starve the House of Commons to
their way. I understand it if" the constitutional
right of tlie House of Representatives to appro-
priate the money from the Treasury ni the pay-
ment of these departments of the Government; to
provide the ways and means fur supplying the
Treasury; and we have no right to laise such
measures.
Therefore, I preferred the action of the Senate
on this bill; because, if we act upon it as it is, we
can go on and perfect thy bill, if there are in it
the crude provisions that are unvested by the
chairman of the Committee on Kinance. But,
suppose the House of Representatives should at-
tach the remaning part of tins bill to a bill for
the supply of the civil department of the Govern-
ment: 1 should like to ask the chairman if u would
be m order then to amend, or whether we should
not have to reject it or take it altogether? Now,
a bill of this sort should come before the Senate
subject to be amended in every particular, that
all men might have a chance to embody their
views, or at least try to i>et such amendments as
would suit them; but if tins bill is to be postponed
until December, if the House of Representatives
intends to carry out their method of supplying
the wants of this Government, they have 110 other
means left than to attach the remaining part of
tins bill as an amendment to an appropriation
bill; and let it come up here as it was before,and
then, as I understand the rules of the Senate, it
would not be subject to amendment. We should
either have to reject it entire, or accept it entire. 1
should prefer to have it subject to discussion and
amendment. At any rate, 1 think it would be
prudent to see whether the House of Represent-
atives will accept this amendment which lias been
saddled on on appropriation bill, before we dis-
pose of this bill permanently.
This tariff bill has been attacked upon this gen-
eral principle: it has been said to be a bill with
such provisions as to impose the greatest burdens
upon the laboring class of men, the mass of men,
who consumc the least costly articles, and to
lighten the burdens of those who consume the
most costly articles. That is an objection made
by the Senator from Virginia to its general feat-
ures. So far as I have examined it, I believe the
bill possesses exactly the contrary features. It is
designed and intended by its movers, as appears
on the face of it, to tax articles consumed by the
laboring, producing class of men in the country,
at the lowest rates, and impose the highest rates
of duty upon the luxuries of life that are consumed
by men of some wealth, or by those who do not
work especially for what they spend. It is that
peculiar feature in the bill that commended itself
to my judgment, and I believe I have examined
every section of it excepting it may bo the duties
upon wines. They are said to be more exorbit-
ant upon the poor wines than upon the good ones,
and that the Senator from Virginia says is greatly
against temperance. I do not know how much
drinking wine has to do with temperance; but one
thing I do know: if a man is going to drink any
wine, he ought to drink good wine; and the less
poor wine that comes into the country the better
it will be for the health as well as for the temper-
ance of the people. That I understand was the
reason for putting the same duty on wine that is
made up of logwood and arsenic as on the pure
juice of the grape. If any rates of duty would
exclude poor liquors, I would be willing-to im-
pose them.
The Senator from Virginia made another objec-
tion, that this taxes raw material, such as silk.
He said there were great complaints about it
coming from particular parts of the country, and
he road a catalogue of complaints from the cus-
tom-houses of the great difficulty of collecting
specific duties, and especially where you had to
count the threads. He said you would have to
arm the officers with microscopes or telescopes in
order to count these threads. If the Senator had
been accustomed to deal in those articles, he would
know that there is not a price current published
in the land where any reference is made to them
but what they are quoted by the number of threads.
All that class of merchandise is sold in thM way
in Europe and this country, and it is as familiar
with the dealers in them as it would be to sell
sugar by the pound.
But he has an objection to putting a specific
duty on sugar by the pound. He considers that
it would be a great deal more work to tell how
much the duty will be on a box of sugar at a cent
a pound, than to count up twenty-four per cent.
It will require, as he seems to think, a great deal
of ciphering to make out the specific duty at one
cent a pound, and very easy to cast twenty-four
per cent. On one class of merchandise, he says,
they have got to pay specific duty, and then have
the minimum and maximum and advalorvuiduiy;
and that there are four kinds. That is on woolen
goods. It was thought it would produce the
greatest satisfaction to manufacturers of wool if
the duty was imposed by weight on woolen goods,
equivalent to the duty that was imposed by the
hill on raw wool, and double the rate per pound.
Manufacturers said that two pounds of wool
would turn out about a pound of cloth. All that
is very easily reckoned. The real ad valorem le-
mained about the same as in the present bill, with
the exception that less rates were put on the coarse
fabrics. That was the reason these prices were
put in. The coarse and durable fabrics, which
were less costly, paid less than goods costing a
dollar a yard and other high prices. That was
a discrimination of those who wear the heavy
fabric. There is no sort of difficulty about it.
You have got the valuation. The present Saws
require every invoice to he made out, stating the
quantity and weight, and'everything that is ne-
cessary m order to assess the duty; and if the
duties are by the pound they are requiied, when
they enter the goods, to produce an invoice, stat-
ing the number of pounds; and when the duty is
upon value, they will have to state the value as
well as the number of pounds. That is the pres-
ent law.
I have one word to say about this duty on raw
materials, which is complained of m these peti-
tions that are presented here. As a general re-
mark, it has become a general prevailing sentiment
in this country, thai anything that makes up the
element of a fabric has a right to come m at a
different rate of duty, on account of its being a
