1§59.
THE CONGRESSIONAL QLOB1.
m*;
war to a successful termination.. To these circum-
stanccs, to which I have called your attention,
there is a conclusion which necessarily follows;
and it, is ■ that, in all the different .periods of the
history of our Government, there has been a class
of men banded against aggression, who have stood
up for the constitutional rights of the people; and
there has always been another class, claiming
extraordinary powers for the General Govern-
ment, and denouncing agitation against its aggres-.
sions;,and, although they belong to different par-
ties, be they either American, Democratic, or
Republican of the North, by the ear-murk we
always know them; and whenever we come to
the discussion of great principles, their real prin-
ciples will manifest themselves, as has been, the
case upon this occasion. Know, then, sir, that
the reason assigned by the distinguished gentle-
man from Tennessee for sustaining the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Worth Carolina falls
to the ground.
Now, in order to show how these gentlemen
really stand before this House and the country, I
desire to call their attention to another set of rules
of law, and that is the law which governs acces-
sories after the fact.- It is provided in the statute
books of all the States of this Union, so far as.I
know, and I believe by the laws of every civilized
Government upon earth, that accessories after the
fact are as guilty, liable to the same punishment
and to the same extent, as he who commits the
crime. In other words, if A murders B, and C,.
with knowledge of the fact,, attempts, to conceal
the crime, or. to screcn the offender for the punish-,
ment he deserves, C is alike guilty with the per-
petrator of the crime. Now, apply that rule to
the case of those two gentlemen,- [Messrs. Gil-
mer and Nelson,] who claim to belong to the
southern Opposition. We have indicted those
Republicans who signed a recommendation of
this Helper book; we brought them to the bar of
this House for trial; we held them up before an
indignant public, that sentence might be passed
upon them; and about the time some of them were
about to plead guilty, and we were about to con-
vict the remainder upon testimony, the gentlemen
from North Carolina and Tennessee interposed
to cover up their guilt, to screen them from pun-
ishment, and thus made themselves accessories
after the fact. Then, although, upon my personal
responsibility, I do not charge these gentlemen
with improper motives, I have the right to call the
attention of the House to the logical position those
gentlemen have voluntarily assumed.
Mr. GILMER. I desire to ask the gentleman
one question.
Mr. NOELL. No, sir; I beg the gentleman's
pardon.
Mr. GILMER. I did not suppose the gentle-
man would arraign a man without giving him an
opportunity to answer.
Mr. NOELL. I do not, upon my responsibility,
question the motives of gentlemen; butl have the
right to draw logical conclusions from facts and
circumstances within my reach.
My object in calliilg the attention of the House
to the position occupied by those two gentlemen
was not only that the members of this House
might see how they stood in reference to this
question, but that those gentlemen themselves
may examine the positions they occupy; and that
if, upon mature reflection, they should find that
they are not such as they feel they should occupy,
they might have an opportunity to retrace their
steps, and sot,themselves right before their con-
stituents and the country.
Before I dismiss this branch of the subject, I
desire to say to the House that I am anxious for
a vote upon the pending resolutions—upon the
amendment of the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Gixmer,] that I may ascertain how
many members there arc upon this floor who will
aid and "assist the Republicans who signed the
Helper circular; and when we have taken that
vote, I want a vote upon the original resolution,
that I may see how many members upon this floor
will indorse the action of the Republican mem-
bers who signed that circular. I desire to say a
few words to those who are acting with me upon
this occasion—the Democrats upon this floor. I
have regretted to hear extreme propositions made
upon our side of the House, to which I cannot
assent; and I feel it due to the House to state in
what respect I differ from those gentlemen, and
in particular in regard to grave constitutional
questions. I understood the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Miles] to say that he. held, and
that his constituents held and maintained, that the
first and paramount allegiance of a citizen was
due to his own State, and, that the allegiance to
the General .Government was secondary and sub-
servient.
' I understood my friend from Alabama [Mr,
CuRRy] to hold and maintain the same constitu-
tional doctrine, witji this addition, tha,t the States
themselves.are the sole and exclusivejudgesof
the time when their reserved rights are violated
or invaded by the General Government, and that,
whenever they believe such a state of things to
exist, to go out of the Union. Now, as a, Union-
loving man, I cannot assent to the full scope of the
doctrines thus laid down, if I do not misconstrue
them. "With all due respect to those gentlemen,
I beg leave to state in-what respect I differ from
them. It will be admitted by those gentlemen,
and by every member i^ion our side of the House,
that the Constitution of the. United States is a
compact between the States—between different in-
dependent sovereignties, which sovereignties ex-
isted anterior to the formation of the Constitution
of the United States.. The attesting clause of that
instrument shows that the framers of that instru-
ment understood, that the States—not the people
of the States—wore present at its formation.
Now, while I admit that no combination of
people, as a mass, could meet together and take
away from the States-any of their {sovereignty,
I do contend that the .States, by their, voluntary
and unanimous consent, could permit a portion
of their sovereignty to be withdrawn from them
and invested in another body. That I understand
to have been done. That is, that our Constitution
was the result of a compact made by all the States
—that before that compact all the powers of Gov-
ernment were vested in the several States. When
this compact was made, certain of their powers
were withdrawn from the States, and deposited in
the General Government, the effect of which
arrangement was a separation of the powers into
two classes—those given to the General Govern-
ment, and those reserved to the States. This being
the case, I maintain the position that there can be
in our complex system, no such thing as para-
mount and secondary allegiance; in other words,
that, in all national affairs, ill regard to all the
powers conferred on the General Government, we
owe a sole and independent allegiance to this
General Government; and, in regard to all powers
not delegated, we owe a sole and independent al-
legiance to the States. That is my understanding
of the Constitution. The idea of paramountand
secondary allegiance involves a conclusion that
the powers of Government are all drawn from
one stock—a conclusion to which I will never
yield my assent. I understand further, in regard
to the remedies of which these gentlemen have
spoken, that when the States met i(i convention
and entered into this compact, they agreed that a
certain tribunal should decide all questions that
might arise under that Constitution; and they in-
vested that tribunal with powers thus to decide.
In accordance, with that agreement, wc have, from
that period to this, looked to the Supreme Court
of the United States as the tribunal that was to
decide this question. They did, in the recent
case of Drecf Scott, decide precisely that ques-
tion. That being the case, the idea of a peace-
able secession within the Constitution is one
which I cannot sustain. I do not controvert the
ultimate of revolution. I do not controvert the
position that, when the grievances of the people
become so intolerable that they can be 110 longer
borne, it is the right of every people in this kind
of Government, as well as in all others, to throw
off the yoke which they are no longer able to
bear; but it must be done by revolution.
Mr. MILES. Do I understand the gentleman
to say that the General Government, as exercised
by Congress, possesses the inherent right of sov-
ereignty; or docs it not only possess such powers
as have been delegated to it by the Constitution,
the federal compact which binds together the Con -
federacy of States? In other words, are the dif-
ferent States of this Confederacy sovereign States
or not; if sovereign, in what sense are they sover-
eign, and what does the gentleman understand by
the political term "sovereign?"
Mr. NOELL. My understanding is that the
States are sovereign in all those powers.thatha^e,*-
not been surrendered to the General Government,
by express agreement; but in regard,
powers that hjave,,-by express agreem^ntvpejin
transferred to the General Governni^nt^piejrjajje
to that extent deprive4 of theirsovCTjignty. ;
Mr. MILES. But- may I a^.iny friend .
whether the sev§ral,State£,jn,ent§rin^.into .this .
compact which we terra the Constitution, did sur-.
render any of the ultimate essential rights of so>t.
ereignty, and whether lha iwprpigni States. -have -
not the power of l-esumiijg tho§e ofeleg^tgd pow-
ers which were,.under .the Constitution,-surreh-.
dered up .to the Genial-Government?" .
Mr. NOELL. I do not so understands
Mr. MILES. Whenever the constitutional 1
compact is violated, arc not the sovereign States.,
then, as contracting powers to that instrument, at
liberty to resume the powers which they dele-
gated?
Mr. NOELL. I do not admit the doctrine; for
if the gentleman's astute mind were to dwell for a
moment on the philosophical results'that must
necessarily follow the proposition, when applied
to all forms of human government, he would cer-
tainly dismiss it as fallacious. Let-the samS rule
and the same reasoning be applied to the relations
existing between citizens and the State,:.and what
would be the result ? Government is formed tor
the mutual benefit and protection of all-ijitizfins,
each one of whom, when he conies into the politi-
cal community, surrenders certain of his rights- -
for the good of tilt whole. If the doctrine'of the
gentleman froift "South Carolina were aTco^rcgL
ionej and i£ the States ha,ve the right to withdraw-
from th« compact they have entered into, then- an
individual has the same right to withdraw'fr.Om
the compact into which he entered, and so esc'apa
the consequences impending over him.
Mr. MILES. I do not desire to interrupt the
gentleman's argument, for this i.snof the occasion
to discuss the great question of the relations of
the States to each other or to the General Govern-
ment; but he must allow me to say that I can by
no means admit for one moment the analogy that
he instances, in saying that the individual citizens
of a State are no more bound by the laws of the
State than the States are bound by the laws ,of
Congress. That is an analogy which seem?- to
mo entirely fallacious. In the case of citizens,
they owe their allegiance to the State as citizens;
and where there is no conflict between their duties
to the General Government and their duties to the
State, the question, as a practical one, cannot arise
at all. Therefore, it will not do for an individual
citizen to say," I will not obey a law of my State
because my individual judgment and conscience
arc opposed to it." That would be the overthrow
of society. That is the higher law. Thfit is pre-
cisely the doctrine in which, I conceive, men at
the South who study political philosophy- with
the lights of history differ from the northern peo-
ple, who are getting into individualism, or who
believe in individual sovereignty. Not satisfied
with squatter sovereignty, they come down to
individual sovereignty; and, with them, the test
and touchstone of truth is every man's own in-
ternal convictions. It is evident that such a con-
dition of things as that must put an end to all
society.
Mr.NOJELL. I think the gentleman and myself
will understand each other well on this question.
That was the very position I assumed; and the
gentleman docs not recollect that the only differ-
ence between the position occupied by the indi-
vidual to the State and that occupied by the State
to the Union consists in the fact that m the one
case there is a written constitution and in the
other only an implied agreement. That is the only
difference, as I understand. The individuals com-
posing the community enter into society, and, for
the mutual benefit of all parties, form a govern-
ment and establish certain forms which keep them
within the bounds prescribed by their government,
and enforce every man's right and require every
man to perform his duty. So, when the States
entered the Union, they contracted by a written
agreement that certain powers should- be conferred
011 the General Government and be exercised by
that Government; and, at the same time, they
agreed that a certain tribunal should decide all
questions that might arise under that compact;
the result of which agreement is, that there can
be no such thing.asa peaceable withdrawing from.
