118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
that compact and so escaping the consequences
that might impend over a particular State or the
cozens of a particular State. That is my opinion.
A Member. Then you think the Supreme
Court is supreme?
Mr. NOELL. I do not understand the Supreme
Court to be supreme; but I understand what the
fathers of the Constitution proclaimed in the letter
which they sent to the old Congress—that there is
no such thing as perfection inhuman institutions.
I understand that; and that is thei very reason why
they formed the Government on this complex
system, so that one Department of the Govern-
ment might operate as a balance to others, on the
presumption that all the Departments of the Gov-
ernment would never become so corrupt as that
all would be guilty of violating the rights of
States. That was the reas on why the convention
stated' in the letter addressed to the old Congress
that it was not to be expected that all the sover-
eign rights of the States could be preserved,
while at the same time giving to the General Gov-
ernment sufficient power to perform certain func-
tions. I will, sir, read to the House what was
said by the convention that framed the Constitu-
tion, through their president, in an address to the
old Congress for the purpose of explaining the
point that I make in reference to this matter:
"The friends of our country have long seen and desired
that the power of making war, peace, and treaties, that of
levying money, and regulating commerce, and the corre-
spondent executive and judicial authorities,should be fully
and effectually vested in the General Government of the
Union: hut the impropriety of delegating such extensive
trust to one body of men is evident; hence results the
necessity of a different organization.
" It is obviously impracticable m the Federal Government
of these States to secure all rights of independent sover-
eignty to each, and yet provide for the interest and safety
of all. Individuals entering into society must give up a
share of liberty to preserve the rest. The magnitude of
the sacrifice must depend as well on situation and circum-
stance as on the object to be obtained. It is at all times
difficult to draw with precision the line between those rights
which must be surrendered and those which may he re-
served ; and on the present occasion, this difficulty was
increased by a difference among the several States as to
tliplr situation, extent, habits, and particular interests."
I shall not read further, Mr. Clerk. I have
read enough to show the idea I intend to convoy,
when I say that the founders of the Government,
in forming it upon this complex plan, and divid-
ing it into different departments, had in view the
very difficulties which gentlemen refer to in their
speeches. ' 
■There is another objection to the idea intended
to be conveyed by these gentlemen, and it is this:
X say, sir, that the very doctrine which they un-
dertakes to maintain is the doctrine intended to
be carried out practically ill some of the northern
States in their efforts to annul the fugitive slave
law. When Massachusetts, Vermont, Wiscon-
sin, and other States, undertake to determine when
their constitutional rights, their reserved rights
of sovereignty, are invaded and violated by the
GenendGovernment, and enact laws carrying out
their idea, they are standing precisely on the plat-
form maintained by the gentleman from South
Carolina and the gentleman from Alabama. It is
against our policy. 
Mr. MILES. I claim my friend's pardon for
interrupting him; but he must allow me again to
protest thai no position has been assumed by any
southern State with which I am acquainted, that
at all approximates to the position assumed by
Massachusetts and some other northern States,
where they expressly nullify an express provision
of the Constitution. If he could show that any
southern State has'ever undertaken to nullify an
express provision of the Constitution, his afgu-
mcnt would then be correct.
Mr. NOELL. I readily admit that no southern
Slate has done it. I readily admit that; and I ex-
pressly deny that any soxithern State has done it.
Mr. -MELES. No southern State is likely to
do it.
Mr. NOELL. But the doctrine enunciated by
(.he gentleman leads to that conclusion. When
the Legislature of Massachusetts arrogates to it-
self to decide the constitutional question, jiotwith*
standing the Dred Scott decision, and other de-
cisions of the Federal judiciary maintaining the
constitutionality of the fugitive slave law;when the
Legislature of Massachusetts arrogates to itself
the right to determine that the fugitive .slave law
is unconstitutional and passes a law in violation
of it and undertakes to give to fugitive s1nvcs the
right of trial by jury, it is upon the principle, and
upon the principle alone, that the gentleman main-
tains: that the States themselves are the sole and
exclusive judges when their constitutional rights
are invaded.
Mr. LAMAR. I wish merely to put in a pro-
test here that I -do not know «f any gentlemen at
the South who claim for th£ Legislature of a State
the right to annul an act of Congress upon the
ground that it is unconstitutional. We do claim,
sir, for the sovereignty of the State that right; but
we do not hold that in the Legislature of a State
is embodied the sovereignty of that State.
Mr. NOELL. Well, sir, I have always un-
derstood that the sovereignty of a State—the
sovereignty of a Government—spoke through the
law-making power. I have always understood
that that is the usual form in which a State
speaks.
But I repeat, sir, for the purpose of putting my-
self right, that I do not concur with these gentle-
men. I know that in our Action with reference
to the violation of our constitutional rights by the
North, I will be found acting in concert with those
gentlemen; but I do not desire it to go to my con-
stituents that I acquiesce in the extreme doctrines
that I understand them to maintain. And, sir,
I was about saying that it is against the true policy
of men who love this Union to inculcate the idea
that there can be this quiet and peaceable disso-
lution of it. Sir, if the sun of this great Republic
is destined to set, and set forever, it must go down
behind a seaof revolutionary blood, and the sooner
we come to kno w that fact the better it will be for
all parties concerned. I claim the right of revo-
lution when our grievances becoiuetoo intolerable
to be borne, and I warn gentlemen of the North,
and gentlemen from every section  'that when they
arc striking a blow at the Union—striking a blow
that will lead to the dissolution of the compact
into which we have entered—they are striking a
blow that will drench this land in blood.
Mr. Clerk, having said thus much in reference
to the constitutional question, I trust it will not
be deemed improper on my part, .although there
are many older and wiser heads here than mine,
to venture a word of advice to my friends, brave
and true, whom I see around me. 1 would say
to them that violence and excitement and bitter-
ness of denunciation are not consistent with the
position that men should assume who are con-
scious of their rights and conscious of their ability
t® maintain them. Let us take warning by the
example of Brutus, who, by his rashness in un-
dertaking to rid Rome of a tyrant, laid the foun-
dations by which the successors of that tyrant
could the more securely rivet the chains of the
people. I want no modern Mark Antony to preach
another funeral oration over the dead body of
Caesar, and to point to the gaping wounds upon
the body of the Republic as having been made by
our hands. Let us stand by our rights with the
moderation, the prudence, the firmness, that be-
comes men. Let us not put ourselves in the po-
sition of aggressors. That is my position; I
claim that it is the position of the great Demo-
cratic party of this Union; it is the position which
my constituents occupy, and which, I belie,ve, the
South occupies.
Sir, I desiro to call the attention of the House,
for a brief moment, to a little episode which
took place in our presence the other day. I al-
lude to the dramatic exhibition presented by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Kellogg,] when
he rose to a privileged question with the New
York Tribune in his hand And, upon my con-
science, Mr. Clerk, I acquit the gentleman of all
improper motives in reference to that matter. I
believe that there is a power behind the throne
greater than the throne itself, of which he has
been made the dupe as regards that matter. If
there is such a thing as love at first sight, I con-
fess that I was taken by the open and candid
countenance of that gentleman. I do not believe
that he could find it in his heart to concoct a scheme
for the purpose. of breeding dissension in our
rank?. I admit that the arrangement smelt too
much of midnight oil,«and I have no doubt that
Horace Greeley concocted that scheme, and that
the paper was sent here for the express purpose
of being put into the hands of that innocent man,
who was made the dupe of that transaction, and
of being brought into this House, not for the pur-
pose of injuring Horace Greeley, but ?f bringing
distractions into our ranks. They knew that
Senator Douglas had friends upon this floor,
food and true, who would stand by him in this
lall. And let me tell gentlemen upon the other
side of the House, once for all, that, so far as I
am concerned, I regard those gentlemen as my
allies in this irrepressible conflict, and that noth-
ing from the other side of the House shall affect
the relations which exist between me and them.
So far from that, their denunciations, strong as
they may be, will only have the effect to induce
me to forget the differences of the past. It is well
known that I am no particular friend of Judge
Douglas. Every one who knows me knows that
I am the fast friend of this Administration. If
we have differences, we will select another theater
upon which to settle them. We ask no interfer-
ence in this family difference; and I tell gentlemen
that interference in such cases often results in
breaking the heads of those who interfere. ♦
While upon this subject I desire to address my-
self to those gentlemen upon this floor who delight
tocallthemselvesanti-Lecompton Democrats,and
who give aid to the Republican party. I allude
to the gentleman from New York [Mr. Haskin]
and the gentleman from Pannsylvania, [Mr. Hick1 '
man.] It does seem strange to me that those gen-
tlemen, professing to be Democrats, professing to
stand upon the Cincinnati platform, professing to
hold to a strict construction of the Constitution—
for, if Democrats, they must hold to that—should,
in one short year, wheel around and throw them-
selves into the ranks of the Seward irrepressible
conflict party; for all those gentlemen ask is that
they should be permitted to put one little plank
into the platform of that party—the little plank
that the people of the Territories shall be permit-
ted to establish or exclude slavery in the Territo-
ries. That admitted, they will act with that party.
I understand that to be the position of those gen-
tlemen, whether they avow it openly or not. I
respectfully advise the Republican party upon this
floor, as votes are greatly in demand, to accept
that proposition, and also to go into the market
and take all the votes they can get upon the same
terms; for I have never known the Republican
party to deny the right of any party or set of men
to abolish slavery wherever they chose to do so.
But, while upon the subjcct, I take occasion to
congratulate the Democratic p^rty upon the safe
riddance of those gentlemen, inside of the party
they might have done irreparable injury; outside
of the party, and in the enemy's ranks, they are
powerless for harm. I congratulate those gentle-
men who have received this accession to their
ranks, but let me give the m this little piece of useful
advice: do not trust them; especially do not put
them upon guard in a critical moment; for men
who will betray a good cause, for like reasons
will be very apt to betray a bad one. And I con-
gratulate Judge Douglas upon this abandonment
of him by his fast friends, who, like the brethren
of Joseph, are about to sell him to the Egypt-
ians, or, like Judas, betray him with a kiss; for
I am authorized, from what I have witnessed upon
this floor, and have heard from gentlemen whom
I know to be in the confidence of that Senator, to
say that their alliance would not meet the appro-
bation of that distinguished statesman.
Before I conclude, I must make an appeal to
those gentlemen on this floor who are known as
the southern Opposition. It is said, gentlemen,
that you hold the balance of power in this House.
There are two parties, and but two parties, in this
great nation who arc engaged in conflict for the
control of the administration of this Government.
The one is the party whose programme I have
laid before you, and who have constantly carried
out that programme for years, the legitimate fruit
of which manifested itself in the Harper's Perry
insurrection. The other is the Democratic party
of this nation, standing fair and squartfupon the
Constitution and all its compromises. If you
hold the balance of power, you are reduced to the
necessity of choosing between those two parties.
It may bo true that the Administration has been
guilty of corruption, though I do not admit it; it
maybe true—though, as a friend of the Adminis-
tration, I do not admit it—that the Administration
has done many^wrongs; you may differ from.us
in reference^to the naturalization laws, and on
many other points 6n which w.e are at issue; yet,
gentlemen, recollect the on£„great question, the
one great i^gue upon which'this battle is fought,
