1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and that issue is one which you are to decide
upon.
Let me take an example to illustrate this point:
Two gentlemen live near neighbors; a little quar-
rel springs up about a trivial matter—a trespass
upon property, it may be. They are citizens of
a large city. One word brings on another, until
a violent ieud exists between them. The house
of one of them takes fire; the result of which, if
not extinguished, will burn down not only the
house of his opponent, but his own house, and
turn his wife and children out, without a shelter;
not only this, but will reduce the whole city to
ashes. This individual, called upon to assist in
extinguishing the flames,says: "No, sir; I have
a quarrel with that man; let him burn up; I would
rather my property and the whole city should be
destroyed than forego the gratification of my feel-
ings of revenge at this time." What would you
think of such a man? Is not that the position you
occupy, if you refuse to help us? Will gentlemen
upoa this floor, known as the southern Opposi-
tion, be impelled by such motives as these? I
thank God that no feelings of revenge could im-
pel me to such a course. I have said the respons-
ibility rests upon you. A dark cloud rests upon
the political horizon. The lurid flame of discord
is shooting athwart the heavens, and this mighty
sea of human passion is being lashed into fury by
the wild fanaticism of anti-slavery fanatics. Will
you not and can you notcomc and help us to dis-
pel that cloud, to extinguish the flames; and say
with us, to that raging sea and its surging waves:
" Thus far, and no farther, shalt thou go." If you
can and will, unborn generations will hail you as
the benefactors of mankind. But, if you prove re-
creant to your high duty, and some great calamity
should, through your fault, overtake us, the stings
of a guilty conscience will follow you to igno-
minious graves, and the execrations of posterity
be heaped mountain-high upon yourmomory. See
to it that you so decide this great question that you
can answer to your conscicncc, your God, and
your country.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Tired of this unavailing
talking, and impatient for action, I move that the
House do now proceed to ballot for Speaker.
Mr. KEITT, (in his seat.) We can debate
that.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Hickman] has the floor.
Mr. HICKMAN. Mr. Clerk, with regard to
the attack made by the President's newspaper on
myself and others, I have but a word to say. If
made by the President himself, he knows it to be
false. If made by any other person he does not
know it to bo true; for, sir, the reason why I oc-
cupy the position here to-day which I do occupy,
is because I could not be purchased. [Applause
from the Republican benches and from the galle-
ries.] This reading me out of the Democratic
party has been faithfully persevered in for the last
four years, by many abler and stronger than the
gentleman from Missouri, '[Mr. Noell,] and still
they have not yet got rid of me, and it will take
them perhaps four years longer of persevering
effort, if I shall choose to remain in their good
company.
My " treason," to which very frequent reference
has been made here, not merely during the pres-
ent session, but during former ones, has a history
connected with it—a history with which the gen-
tleman from Missouri ought to be acquainted.
Sir, it dates back four years, when, in this Hall,
on the grievous charge being made—a charge
which pervaded the country and which was be-
lieved by the country—that fraud and force and
all manner of crimes had so far invaded the Terri-
tory of Kansas that they had prostrated thor-
oughly the people, I chose to introduce a resolu-
tion to investigate that charge. That was the time
when my treason commenced, for I then took the
stand against an undivided Democracy; and, sir,
I charge on that undivided Democracy, from
whom 1 do dissent to-day—not, however, because
I have failed to be a Democrat—a persevering
effort, both in this Hall and in the other wing of
the Capitol, to stifle that investigation and to sup-
press the proof of the fraud. Then, sir, I was
read from the Democratic party; and yet, after
the committee, which 1 was, to some extent, in-
strumental in raising, (and this is the first time I
have ever referred to it,) had made their report to
Congress, no man in the country was sufficiently
reckless to deny that the charge which had been
preferred was fully and completely proved. Then,
sir, I was denounced as a renegade and a traitor,
and for what ? What was the body of my offense ?
Because I chose to differ from the Democracy,'be-
lieving that the charge ought to be investigated,
and that, if fraud existed, it ought to be revealed.
And have they ever washed their hands of it to
this day? No, sir; to no greater extent than
siltacc may have done it.
Well, sir, I returned home to my people with
all the brand of treason which that body of men
could place upon my forehead; andMr. BuChanan,
the present President of the United States, in-
dorsed my Democracy in the face of that accusa-
tion which had gone up against me, and insisted
on my renomination, as he believed that it would
be valuable to his canvass. Mr. Buchanan did
not denounce me.
Now a word in respect to that canvass, for the
mere purpose of instituting a brief inquiry as to
where the charge of treason may properly rest,
and as to who is the renegade. The State of
Pennsylvania was in very imminent peril at that
election; and Mr. Buchanan knew that ' the elec-
tion in that State rested upon theanswertoasingle
inquiry, which was this: was it safe to trust him
with the management of Kansas affairs. Why, sir,
it can be proved by a thousand living witnesses, if
necessary, that during that summer, this man who
now fills the Executive chair, made it his business
to pledge men, everywhere in the North, that if he
should succeed in his election, as ho knew the
free-State element in that Territory to be the
strongest, Kansas should come into the Union as
a free and not as a slave State. That charge has
been frequently made. It has never been denied
in Pennsylvania; and by means of the pledges
that he thus gave, did he succeed in carrying that
State at the November election. As soon, how-
ever, as he reached the city of Washington, it
was discovered that the mind of the President had
undergone a very sudden change—not that his
judgment was convinced, because I think it can
be very clearly shown that he never alleged that
his mind had undergone any change up to that
time; but ho made the fear that three or four
southern States would secede from the Union a
pretext for urging upon Congress the adoption of
the fraudulent Leeompton constitution. Now,
we begged leave to differ from him in his policy.
We were again denounced as traitors, and again
read out of the Democratic party. Well, sir, the
President's hand was raised against us, and every-
thing that Executive power and patronage could
do was done for the purpose of destroying us in
our respective districts. We are now back here
again, to rebuke again the treachery of this
wicked and reckless Administration; and if that
is treason, the other side have got to make the
most of it.
I have said all that I propose to say upon that
point at this time. I shall avail myself of another
opportunity to go into it at greater length.
Now, sir, the charge of treason that has been
made was not sufficiently powerful to humiliate
and disgrace us, and we find this newspaper add-
ing to it a charge of corruption. If there is any
man m this body of men who knows of any con-
tract or agreement that I have entered into with
anybody, for any purpose, let him proclaim it
now, or forever hereafter hold his peace. I have
never done so anywhere, at any time; and I say
now, that if the election of my friend, Colonel
Forney—and I take pleasure in calling him my
friend—could only be effected by such an arrange-
ment—that if 1 could only procure his election as
Clerk of this House by entering into a covenant
with any man here, upon this side of the House, I
would refuse to do it. As Mr. Buchanan could
not purchase me, so can I not be purchased by
others. [Applause and hisses.] I have already
been offered more than I am worth, and I refused
to sell myself at that. [Laughter and applause.]
Why, sir, this is all false pretense. I know
where the trouble is, and the country knows
where it is. I have ventured to express opinions
against giving to slavery an unlimited charter to
travel where it pleases. That is the body of my
offense; all the rest is false pretense. And I desire
to say now, that if Democracy consists in sup-
porting all the claims which the southern country
may make upon us, I shall very soon cease to
be a Democrat. I have been in this House long
enough to learn many things which I never could
have learned at home, and I think it'hasperfected
my education upon this point: I havelearned that,
a man may support everymeasure ofa Democratic
Administration, and yet if he shall vote againsta
single interest of slavery, he ceases ipso facto to
be a Democrat; but if'he vote against every meas-
ure of the Administration, and will sustain the in-
terests of slavery, ho is ipso facto a goo'd Democrat.
I put that as God's naked truth before this Hotise
and before the country, and I intend to standupon
it as a solemn conviction.
Now, sir, I wish to say a word to the Administra-
tion side of the House, and I intend, in what I say
upon this occasion and upon every other, to treat
every man here as I would bo treated myselfj
respectfully; butl shall express my opinions, if I
choose to do so, all of them, fearlessly. Therfe is a
contest between theNorth and the South, and the
admission might just as well be made now as at
any future time. There is a state of feeling ex*
stmg between the North and the South which can-
not be removed; it is as deep laid as the founda-
tions of mountains, and, sir, it pervades every
point like an atmosphere. If you want to know
why the North have feelings upon this subject,
I will tell you. They have become satisfied that
there is but one thing which will satisfy our
southern brethren, and that is the right to carry
slavery everywhere, to plant it everywhere, to
sustain it everywhere, against the united wishes
as it is against the united interests of the North.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. Will the gentle-
man permit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. HICKMAN. I interrupt nobody and I
do not wish to be interrupted myself, for I do not
want to get into a controversy.
This determination to extend slavery is south-
ern interest, and the Representatives of the South
arc compelled to ask as much. I do not complain
of them for so doing; and when our interests are
directly adverse to theirs, and lay in another di-
rection, why should we be denounced for pursu-
ing our interests as they pursue theirs.
More than this. The North has grievous
charges to prefer against the South, and they are
charges which they will have answered. Thatis
my conviction; and if the expression of these sen-
timents stamps me with the title of Abolitionist,
so be it, I will wear it as well as I can. Yes, sir,
they have charges to make against the South
which they will have answered. They charge
them with the violation of covenants, compacts,
and compromises. That is what they charge
them with, and it is well that they should know
it. It is useless to cry peace, sir, when there is
no peace. Why, sir, wncn the compromises of
the Constitution were entered into by our fathers,
it has been said that if the same spirit had existed
which exists now, those compromises never could
have boon made. I see the truth of the remark;
I feel the truth of the remark, sir; for when those
compromises were entered into, they were entered
into under the solemn conviction that the power
of slavery from that day was not to increase but
to be diminished. If they had had the feelings*,
or if they had pursued the policy which our
southern friends are now intent upon, those com-
promises never could have been entered into.
What did they get—what did our southern friends
get by those compromises? They got the slavery
representation. They got the foundation for a
fugitive slave law. They got exemption from ex-
port duties. They got three very large advan-
tages. What did the North get, or what did the
interests of freedom get ? Why, sir, they got the
implied pledge that after the year 1808 the importa-
tion of Africans, or the foreign slave trade, should
cease.
Now, sir, the South boasts to-day that they are
in full possession of all the benefits of all the com-
promises of the Constitution; that they have the
slavery representation; and, if I underst®od a gen-
tleman who spoke a few days ago, he declared that
they have here, by force of the three-fifths repre-
sentation, twenty members upon this floor. They
boast, sir, that they have the fugitive slave law,
andthat the North does not abide by its provisions.
They arc certainly exempt from duty upon ex-
ports ; and where is the North, withher share of the
compromises of the Constitution? Why, sir, we
hear it boldly avowed—not here, but it will come
here before spring, itwiheome before the flowers
come—that they do not intend that the foreign
