1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3027
I am tuld, is. IknQw that iron is very low. How j
cheap it can be manufactured, I do not know. ;
The great West arc under a system of production j
and exaction that almost paralyzes them. They j
have got 111 debt more than they .should have done, '
and the prices, of their produce are low. The |
market is rather overstocked, and a diversion of j
some labor to other pin suits would speedily re-
lieve their markets.
I will mention one other effect that I think this
system will produce. I think it would check
slightly the amount of importations; and 1 believe
we are even now importing more than we can pay
for without getting further in debt; not that I
think the tables show so; for I do not believe they
exhibit the actual cost of the merchandise thai is
entered in the custom-house by more than forty
million dollars a year. A small check on the im-
portations would make a favorable balance of
trade in the country, would retain more of the
precious metals, and reduce the rates of interest.
The rates of interest just now are low enough in
the great commercial centers*, but take the vast
amount of indebtedness in the agricultural and
manufacturing portions of this country, and the
rates of interest are exorbitantly high even now,
and there is nothing that will make them perma-
nently fair but a steady, favorable state of the for-
eign balances; and a rate of duty that will check
an excessive importation will do more to relieve
the producing classes than even the incidental en-
couragement afforded in securing the market.
But the Senator from Virginia had something
to say about the warehousing system. He said
it was a very great benefit m making up a great
commercial center in the country. Sir, of all the
misfortunes of the country, I think its having
such an overshadowing commercial center is one
of the greatest. I would prefer that the foreign
trade should be distributed about among the sev-
eral cities of this country. 1 do not want any of
these overshadowing commercial centers to con-
trol the business of all the commercial cities in the
Union. 1 have no wish to retaid the prosperity
of any city; I want them all to prosper, but I do
not believe it is wise, in a republican form of gov-
ernment, to build up great commercial centers, or
centers of any other kind. I do not want any
great governmental centers. . I would like to have
things more on a good many pivots. This ware-
housing system is nothing more nor less than a
scheme of trusting people for duties, without in-
terest. Just as much as would be lost to import-
ers, by paying the duties in a month, is now lost
to the United States, by waiting upou them with-
out interest for a year. That is the whole ol u.
They can leave their goods in warehouse as long
as they please, under this bill, if they pay the du-
ties. i have no objection to letting them age their
brandies in warehouses, if they want to do so; but
make them pay the duties. 1 am willing to give
them a reasonable time for reexportation, li they
want it; let them enter the goods tor reexporta-
tion if they choose, but do nutlet thementei bran-
dies and liquors of all lands, and uge them, and
get them ready for maiket at the expense of this
Government, i do not know why we should do
it. 1 should like the Government to give me cap-
ital enough to carry on my business, and wait
without interest, i think 1 could get along a great
deal easier, if 1 was in business, than if i had to
pay interest. If the importers bad to pay the du-
ties promptly, we know it would increase the cost
t>f the article. We are hiring money all the time,
and giving six per cent, on it, payable on demand.
We have "a. lloating debt, whu.li is liable to come
into the Treasury at any time. When an un-
portei owes the Gove inuient ^>10,000 duty,hegoes
and buys tiTn asui y note, ami pats it m Ins pock-
et-book, drawing interest oil it, and his goods he
in warehouse without his paying the duties, with-
out his paying interest, until he can get a ehanec
to sell thoni; and if it is a year, he gets ^GUU out
of the Treasury, while we have been waiting on
him. it' there is any good policy in that, it is
more than I can conceive. That is about the whole
objection there is to continuing the waiehouse
system, with a credit for the duties. If 1 did
nothing else, 1 would say that after a reasonable
time, it the good? remain m warehouse, they
should he on interest.
I shall nut go into the various objections that
the Senator fiom Virginia urged. 1 have looked
over this little bit of cross-questioning that we had
here hist year between the Senator from Georgia
and myself, and I find that I asked him then,
when he talked about getting $56,000,000, what
was the basis of importations on winch he made
that calculation; and he said $350,000,000. 1 told
him he could not get it. We have imported
within ^12,00U,00U of that amount; but we have
not got within $7,000,000 of the duties that he
estimated. 1 said then the aveiage rate was about
fourteen pel cent. He estimated it at something
over sixteen. It turns out to be fourteen.
I will not detain the Senate longer, as I suppose
they are desirous of having a vote on the post-
ponement of this bill; but if the Senator from
Virginia were here, I would make a proposition
to lay over the final vote until to-morrow morn-
ing; and then, if the other House should happen
to send us our loan bill in any way amended, we
could take the choice of the propositions. I do
not know that they will; but I see no immediate
haste for postponing this measure. If there is a
majority for postponing it, that majority will man-
ifest itself at any time when the vote is taken.
Unless somebody wants to make some further
argument on it, it seems to me that we might as
well go on with other business now, and postpone
the consideration of this question until to-mor-
row.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mi-.Mallory
in the chair.) The question is on the motion to
postpone.
Mr. BIGrLER. I have no disposition to detain
the Senate further on this subject. Aly impres-
sion is that we ought not to vote on the subject
in such a thin Senate. My expectation was that
we should fix a time to vote.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Before the vote is taken,
I wish simply to make one remaik. If I thought
that the tariff act of 1846 could be substituted lor
the bill which has been presented fiom the House
of Representatives, I would vote against this post-
ponement, because i believe that sufficient revenue
should be laised to defiay the expenses of the
Government, and I am willing at any time to vote
for auch a tariff as will raise such tin amount of
revenue. I cannot, however, vote for the bill ot
the House of Representatives. 1 shall \ote for
the postponement, believing that there will be no
chance of substituting the tariff of 1846 for that
presented from the House, of for perfecting, at
the present session of Congress, any tai iff act that
would be acceptable to the country.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll on the
motion to postpone.
Mi. BINGHAM. I have paired off on this
question wuh the Senator from Georgia, [Air.
JUerson.J 1 should vote against postponing.
Mi. DURKEE. I have paired oil with the
Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Blxjamix.]
Mr. FITCH. I have paned oil* on this ques-
tion wiih the Senator irom Vermont, [Mr. Col-
la.mmi,] who is detained fiom the Senate by ill-
ness.
Mr. GRIMES. On this question I have paired
off with the {Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
IIammoxd,] who m necessarily < ailed away. Were
I iK>t paired, I should vote in the negative.
ThJ lesait was announced—yeas ~5, nays 23;
as follows:
YllAo— ^l< s lhyarJ. Tiuiw, Ohosnut. Clubman. Da-
vi-.. Fn/j. ut i<'K. CJ.een. Gu in, ik'wpi'ij], fltPtOM. Johnson
o; \i johnson ot 'iVuo ! j.'iu*. M.eJoi v . F'-.f oc.
i'o:!:. iM\< e !, K:c \ bui\. fcelnrtiun, tSlult'll,
Toonifo', WiL'iaii.'unil Yuiee—JS.
\AYH~Mo-if. , r,!•::.>!, C
Cl.uk. DooitUle. 1 V—U'dM. i
i! mibi). ikvifuu Km;:. La'ii.iii*, Hcwai
no: 'jVn Kv'fk. Tiumbaii, Wyd. , W.l'i
So the fuither con>i>h.iMtion of the bill was
postponed to the .second •Monday of December
ne.ct.
Air. HARLAN subsequently said: On the mo-
tion to postpone the tanfl In;], J had ngieed to
pair with the Senator from Mis^isMopi, [Mr.
Browx,] and voted madveiteiuly. _ I ask the
unanimous consent of tin* Senate to withdraw that
vote. It does not affect the iesait. [" Agreed !"M]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection, and permission i<3 given to the Sen-
ator fiom Iowa to withdraw his vote.
AK.UY APPIIOPTUAXIOX BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 now lencw ray motion for
a conference 011 the Army applanation bill. I
f move that we insist on oar amendments to which
ut iOiu Chamlk-1.
.,t. Pa-iet. Hale,
, Sininmi!-', Pum-
i-on. a.,d WiNm
r he House lias disagreed, non-concur in theHouse
amendments to our amendments, and ask for a
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two j
Houses. tk/
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust that the Senate *
will not agree to insist upon its amendments with-
out considering what the House of Representatives
has done. I find, on looking at the proceedings
in the House, that it has agreed to a portion of the
amendments made by the Senate without amend-
ment, and several of the amendments made by the
Senate the House has agreed to withamendments,
and to quite a number of the amendments made
by the Senate the House has refused to agree.
Now, sir, I am opposed to that species of legis-
lation by which we turn over our legitimate du-
ties to a committee of conference of two or three
men of each House; and that will be the result
of the motion which the Senator from Virginia
has made. He proposes that, in the lump, wb
adhere to all our action, without knowing what
the House has done. What does the Senate know
in regard to these amendments which the House
lias agreed to withamendments? What propri-
ety, 1 ask, is there in the Senate resolving here
that we will adhere to the bill as we passed it,
without considering at all what the House has
done ? Claire a number of these amendments have
been amended in the other House; and 1 ask, is
it respectful to the other House, is it respectful
to ourselves, to resolve that we will adhere to tliia
bill as we passed it, in utter disregard of what tha
House lias done ?
It may be that some of our amendments have
been improved by the action of the House. At
any rate, it is our duty to considerarid know what
the House has done; but the result of the motion
of the Senator from Virginia is to turn over the
bill to a committee of conference. Then what
does* that committee of conference, composed of
three men selected from this body and three from
the other, do ; They get together and patch up a
bill to suit themselves, and then it is brought into
the different branches of Congress, and we are
required to vote for that report of the committee
of conference or lose the appropriation bill. That
pressure is put upon us, and we are told beie,
" you must adopt the report of the committee of
conference"—a report that we have never seen;
! probably these nmendmentsmodified and changed
in a hundred different ways; and we are to take
it as these half dozen men fix it up for us, or clss
the appropriation bill is to be lost; and it is under
that pressure that the most objectionable legisla-
tion that has ever taken piace has occurred.
Now, sir, we have time enough to examine this
bill. Monday next is not the 3d day of March,
when the terms of the menibeis of Congress ex-
pire under the Constitution. We may prolong
the session, if it be necessary, to consider these
amendments; and I insist that we. act upon the
amendments. I do not care to have distinct votes
upon the amendments of the Senate to which the
House has disagreed. There may be no pro-
priety 111 doing that, but there is a very great
piopriety in considering the amendments which
ha\e been amended in the House; and I suppose
that I have a right to call for the reading of the
action of the House upon this bill. I make that
call; that the Secretary report to the Senate what
the amendments are which the House has made
'"■rile PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mi-.Fitzpat-
iiick in the chair.) The Chair will order the
rule controlling the motion of the Senator from
Illinois to be read.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator chooses to
ha\e the amendments read, he can have them
le^d; but my motion is an entire thing, and the
sense of the'Senate must be taken upou it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments will be re;:d.
Mr. SIMMONS. I suppose, if at any time
the House disagree to an amendment of ours, it
is in Older for any Senator to move to concur
with the House; and how can you do that with-
out taking separate votes >
Mr. HUNTER. It will be time enough,after
they are read, to raise the question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the amendments.
The Secretary read the first amendment of the
Senate, in which the House non-concurred, which
was, in the clause making an appropriation for
