1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and 1 know it will be regarded Willi anxious concern by my
constituents, as 1 believe itwillbe'bythe people of Indiana
generally. Sir, they are a people who have always acted
with strict fidelity to the Constitution and the rights of all
the States." ********
" We do not like the institution of slavery, neither in its
moral, social, or political bearing; but consider that it is a
matter which, like all other domestic affairs, each organ-
ized community ought to be allowed to decide for itself.
This I know to be the sentiment of my constituents, and I
believe it is of nine tenths of the people of Indiana. We
have fiee institutions, and are happy and prosperous, and it
is natural that our sympathies should be in favor of freedom.
Whilst we intend to act in perfect good faith toward our
brethren of the South, we do not concca! that we ardently
hope that slavery may not be extended; and this, I believe,
is a sentiment eommoji to all the free States. That slavery
will, in the Providence of God, some day cease to exist in
tins country, f have always believed; nor can I doubt that
its existence in the United States will, by colonization and
otherwise, be made, under Divine Providence, a means of
Christianizing, civilizing, and regenerating the whole Af-
rican laee, now but one degree removed from the biute
creation."
Having thus given his own sentiments, and
those of his constituents, he states the proposition
he will prove in these words:
" But I return to the question more Immediately under
consideration, and shall endeavor to show that, under the
Senate bill, slavery can have no legal existence, unless the
Legislature, chosen by the citizens of the Territory, eive it
bemg by legal enactment."
This proposition he endeavors to prove, not so
much by reasoning of his own, as by the opinions
of eminent statesmen, and the decisions of high
judicial tribunals, citing first the opinions of Mr.
Clay, as follows:
" It was my good fortune to be present when this claim
waseonsideied by one of the most eminent southern states-
men this country has ever produced. In a speech made in
the Senate. February 5,1850. Mr. Clay adduced arguments
touching tlio point, which, S believe, have never been suc-
eesstully answered, and are unanswerable. Among other
tilings, he said •. ' Now really, I must say, that the idea that
CO instunii. upon the consummation of the treaty, the Con-
stitution oi thf> United States, spread itself ovei the acquired
teintory, and earned along with it the institution of sla-
veiy, is «o irreconcilable with any comprehension, or any
leason which 1 possess, that I hardly know how to meet
it. Why. sir, these United States consist of thirty States.
In hfteen oi ihem there was slavery; in fifteen slavery did
not exist. How can it be aigued, upon the otiier side, that
the hiteen slave States, by the opeidhon of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, carried into the ceded country
their institution or slavery, any more than it can be argued
on the other side, that, by the operation of the same Con-
stitution, the fifteen free States carried in the ceded terri-
tories the principles of freedom, which thev, lioin policy,
have chosen to adopt within their limits.'
" Upon another occasion, during the same session, Mr.
Soule contended for the constitutional right to carry slaves
into the Territories.
"Mr. Clay replied, if, by the Constitution of the United
States, there is a right, on the part of every slaveholder in
this country to carry slaves into the ceded territories,
(WIHOII 1 CERTAINLY DO NOT BELIEVE OR ADMIT,) What
more does the Senator want? Does he wish the Constitu-
tion to be reenaeted? Can the paiamount authority be
strengthened by an act ol'suboidmate power?
He went on to say that he could not agree to an amend-
ment which assumed, in point oflaw, that, under the Con-
stitution o* the United States, there was a light to carry
slaves into the Teriitories. He declared, in most emphatic
language, that he could vote for no such proposition."
He next invokes the authority of the "great
Missouri Senator," Mr. Benton, who was then a
member of this body, thus:
'• it i am not mistaken, the same sentiment was advanced
on the iloor ot the Senate, March 8,18oil, by another dis-
tinguished southern Senator, now the ' observed of all ob-
sei Vtr  in this Hall. Upon that occasion, the great Mis-
snuri Senator said:
u • Believing in what I have said from the beginning, that
slaveiy is extinct in New Mexico, and in all California, and
cannot be revived m either, 01 j*anypartofeither, without
positive enactment, 1 am leadj^to vote them governments
Without any piovis-ion upon the subject of slavery.'
" \V hatever may be the views of that distinguished gentle-
man, as to the propriety of passing this bill, I cannot doubt
that he considers slavery purely a creature of municipal
law; that it would not be carried into Nebraska and Kan-
sas, by tne operation of the Constitution alone, and that it
can have no legal existence ' without positive enactment!'"
Then follow the opinions of Mr. Badger, of
North Carolina; Mr. Franklin, then a member
from Maryland; and he concludes with the fol-
lowing extract from the sneech of Mr. Harris,
then a Representative from'Mississippi:
" Between you and me, Mr. Chairman, the Constitution
docs not carry a slave anywheie, except it be a runaway
una it does take Inrn back from a fiee State to his master in
a slave State. There is law for that. But, sir in a Terri-
tory, from the face of which all law has been swept in
what way does the Constitution protect slavery ? There
must be local regulation to enable you to invoke the Con-
stitution. Is the Constitution to keep a marshal there to
prevent the slave who may be carried there from setting up
for himself? If Nebraska is to remain free ofloeal law
relative to slavery, like an island fresh risen from the sea,
and two men—a black man and a white man—find them-
selves there, will the Constitution decide which is master
and which is slave? I confess I should feel some appre-
2083
heiiMon lest the black man should turn the tables upon
. * * . * '• I undertake to say that the
opinion prevails ('Ktensiveiy that slavery cannot exist ex-
cept by the sanction of local law. The opinion prevails
extensively-North and South."
He then goes on and quotes the decisions of
the courts of Louisiana, Mississippi, and Ken-
tucky. I ask special attention to the following,
as a conclusive reply to the position assumed yes-
terday by some gentlemen on the other side, that
the common law recognizes slavery, and would
carry it into the Territories:
" It has been decided in the State of Mississippi, (Walk-
er s reports, page 86,) that' the right of the master exists,
not by joree of the law of nature or of nations, but by virtue
only of thepositive law.' And again, in the same State,
slavery is condemned by reason and the laws of nature. It
exists, and can only exist, through municipal regulations,
r pd Marshall's Kentucky Repoits,470,it is laid down,
that slavery exists only by positive law of a municipal
character, without foundation in the law of tiatuie, or the
unwritten and common law.' And in a celebrated case in
the Supreme Court of the United States (Prise™, the State
of Pennsylvania. See Peters's Digest, vol. 2, pa«e 610,) it
was laid down, < that the state of slavery is deemed to be a
mere municipal regulation, founded upon, and limited to,
the range of the territorial law.' 
He finally comes to this conclusion, 'to which
I ask the attention of the House:
<( I think then, Mr. Chairman, that it is char, beyond the
possibility of a doubt, that under this bill, as it ivill stand if
the proposed substitute be adopted, slavery cannot legally exist
either in Nebraska or Kamas, unless the people iheinsetves*
first legislate it into being through the regularly-constituted
law-making power of the Territory."
That,sir, was proclaimed as northern sentiment
while that bill was pending. It was the doctrine
which the Democratic party claimed was well
established, and upon which they justified their
repeal of the Missouri compromise. They held
that the law of nature and the common law shut
out slavery from the Territories, and that the
Constitution would not protect it in a Territory
until there was a local law establishing the institu-
tion. I might refer, in the same connection, to the
opinions of others, who were then members of th is
House, from my State. I will give you the senti-
ment of Mr. Dunham, then a prominent member
of his party, and who, since his retirement from
Congress,has more than ijncc been honored with
high positions by the Democratic party of Indi-
ana. Hear what he says, in a speech made in this
House on this same measure. I quote from his
speech as it will be found in the Appendix to the
Congressional Globe, volume 29, pp. 1132, 1133:
"Slavery, then, is the mere relation of captor and cap-
tive; and the laws which recognize and regulate it in the
respective States are municipal regulations only. They
have noforce or effect beyond the boundaries of the State
lor which tliey are enacted. The courts of the South have
so decided. .If you voluntarily carry your slave ftom the
fetate of Kentucky and the <sgi of her law*, to the State of
Indiana, you become subject to the laws of Indiana, and no
longer retain ptopeity in that slave. No natural law reco"-
mzes your right to property in a slave in the State of In-
diana. No international law gives you the powei tnie-
cover that slave, and to reconveyhim to the Stale in which
your title ib recognized to be valid. It is true, that the Con-
stitution has established certain regulations and rightn be-
—... —... .. ivfjuiuiiuuo (uiu i be-
tween the Mates; but when you pa^-s beyond the provisions
ot the Constitution, the relation of the States is but the illa-
tion of one nation to another. Then, Kentucky and Indiana,
Ohio and Virginia, stand in the relation in which Enfflund
stands to Fiance, or France to Germany. That relation is
regulated and controlled by international law only; and
there is nothing in that which recognizee property in youi
slaves, nor does the Constitution of "the United States do so
except in the instance referred to. There is nothing, there-
fore, m either, which gives you the power to exercise own-
ership over a slave in a free State, or a fiee Territory, into
which you may have voluntanly conveyed him. Slavery,
1 repeat, exists and is upheld alone bv the municipal
authority of the State withm which it exists; and that
authority cannot extend it beyond the boundaries of that
State.
" The Constitution and laws of the United States create
it nowhere, cany it nowhere, maintain it nowhere, recog-
nize it nowhere, but where it has been first established or
recognized by the local law of a State; and then only in the
single instance of permitting the recaptme of the fugitive.
And as there is nothing in this bill which Mediate* sla-
very into'the Territory either of Nebraska or Kansas, it
necessarily follows that there will be no law or authority
by which it can be extended into either of those Territo-
ries, or by which it can eiist or be maintained in either,
unless the Legislature to be elected by the people, yet to
settle it, shall lieieatter, by positive enactment, expressly
establish it. Sir, I have no hesitancy in asseitmg that,
without such positive legislation, the moment a slave, bv
the consent of his master, passes within the boundaries of
either of these Territories, that moment his shackles will
fail from around him, and he will become free."
_ That, sir, is the very sentiment of the prohibi-
-ion which we have inserter) in this hill. From
mi, io mv. v y ui tilt' piUUiLU"
tion which we have inserted in this bill. From
all of the northern States, in 1854, I venture to
say that there could not be found a member of Con-
gress upon this floor who would have dreamed of
advocating any other doctrine. It was the senti-
roent of the party then; and are we to be called
Ioolish,are we to be denounced as innovators,and
t te originators of new theories, because we abide
as7 DemolraticT111"11' y°arS ^ WaS baptized
• ^"^B^ACK. c°Mc&gue [Mr. English]
is not hare; and in consequence of his absence, I
will put a question to the gentleman from Indiana,
now upon the floor. I want to know what his
object is in now making these quotations from
, if'G^ISH s- sPeechos? Does he do it to at-
tack Mr. English's present position ?
Mr. CASE. Not at all; I am well aware what
his present position is, and I would not misrepre-
sent my colleague, or any other gentleman. I
am using his speech to prove, not what was his
particular theoryr but what was the theory of '
Democracy in 1854.
Mr. NIBLACK. Does my colleague hold to
the doctrine then promulgated by Mr. English?
Mr. CASE. Certainly I do. I never held to
anything inconsistent with it.
Mr. NIBLACK. _ Does the gentleman believe
that that is the doctrine of the Constitution at tha
present time ?
Mr. CASE. Yes, sir.
Mr. NIBLACK. Why, then, the necessity of
inserting into this bill that which he holds to be
the action of the Constitution without any law?
Mr. CASE. I have endeavored to explain that.
It was for the purpose of maintaining our own
consistency, for certainty, and to establish what
we believed was the law of the land.
Mr. NIBLACK. Then, sir, if the object of
this Congress, whether on the subject of Terri- "
tories or otherwise, is to maintain the consistency
of the Republican party, I think that we will be
busily engaged until next December; and that we
will not get through then. [Laughter.]
Mr. CASE. I know that my colleague does
notoccupymuch of the time of the House m talk-
ing, and I give him credit for it. He is well aware
(for lie has had some experience in making the
laws of our State) that it is not unusual for a le-
gislative body to pass, in the shapo of a statute,
the recognition of a principle of common law. It
is done that there may be no uncertainty on the
subject. But there is another reason why it is
eminently proper that we should thus declare our
views. Parties are divided, and have different
views of the Constitution on this very point; and
this is our only, or at least our best mode of as-
serting what is our construction of the Constitu-
tion, and what we believe ought to be the law <?f
the land.-
Mr. LAMAR. I think the gentleman, in his
reference, must have misunderstood the position
of Mr. Calhoun.
Mr. CASE. I said that, in the opinion of Mr
Calhoun, the Constitution did not extend to the
Territories until it was extended by statute.
Mr. LAMAR. The gentleman is under a mis-
apprehension of Mr. Calhoun's position on that
subject. He maintained that the Constitution did
extend over the Territories;and that was the issue
between him and Mr. "Webster. Mr. Calhoun,
in the discussion that tookplace between them, said
that the Constitution was the supreme law of the
land. Mr. Webster inquired what land? To which
Mr. Calhoun rejoined, the land embracing the
Territories of the United States, fie may have
declared that some legislation on the part of Con-
gress was necessary to'enforce constitutional ob-
ligations; but he did say that the Constitution
extended throughout all the Territories of the
Union, and guarantied the protection of the rights
of person and property.
Mr. CASE. I have no desire to misrepresent
Mr. Calhoun's opinions on this subject. I am
well aware that lie contended that the Constitu-
tion, when once extended over all the country, did
protect the rights of the citizens of the several
States. I may have misrepresented his opinion on
the point. I have stated it as 1 recollected it. If I
am in error, I am very willing to be corrected. My
recollection is, that Mr. Calhoun, like Mr. Web-
ster, said the Constitution was a Constitution for
States, and not for Territories; but it is a long
time since I have looked up what he did say.
I will now read the proviso attached to the ter-
ritorial bills reported by the Committee on Terri-
tories, to show that it is in precise accordance
with the opinions I have read:
^Provided, That whereas slavery lias no legal existence
