1860. '
1MB CONGRESSIONAL G-L0BJ&
twm
i
captured, or what expenses incurred under this
law. I have before me alawghowing the expenses
which may arise in suppressing the African slave
trade. I will not read it, but the gentleman can
read it for himself. -
I now appeal to the gentleman from Mississippi
to give way, andaltow this bill to be laid aside, to
permit the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Love]
to go on with his remarks upon the President's
annual message.
Mr. McRAE. I have no objection afcall to this
bill being laid aside now, if it will come up to-
morrow in the position in which it now stands,
and that I shall have the floor upon it.
Mr. MILES. I must, with all due respect for
the Chair, take an appeal from his decision ruling
the amendment which I offered some minutes ago
out of order.
Several Members. Too late.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will entertain
the appeal. The Chair will state the question.
Mr. McRAE. The gentleman cannot take the
floor from rne.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi is entitled -to the floor. When he shall
have concluded, the Chair will give the floor to
the gentleman from South Carolina, unless the
gentleman yields to the gentleman from South
Carolina now, to take his appeal.
Mr. McRAE. I will yield to the gentleman
for that purpose, with great pleasure.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I appeal to gentlemen to
allow this bill to pass over informally for- the
resent, and to allow the President's message to
e taken up.
' The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
he understood it to be the decision of the com-
mittee that this bill should be taken up for half
an hour, and that if it was not disposed of within
that time, it should be laid aside, to allow the gen-
tleman from Georgia to proceed with his remarks
upon the President's message.
Mr. CRAWFORD. That was my understand-
ing.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will then con-
sider that the order of the committee.
Mr. MILES. I am perfectly willing to give
way to accommodate the gentleman from Georgia.
I desire, however, first to inquire if the Chair will
recognize my right to appeal from his decision ?
The CHAIRMAN. Should the present occu-
pant be in the chair when the bill is again taken
up, he will recognize his right to take an appeal.
pkesident's annual message.
The committee then resumed the consideration
of the annual message of the President of the
United States.
Mr. LOVE occupied the floor for three quarters
of an hour, upon the relations between the people
of the North and the South, especially in connec-
tion with the issues growing out of the next pres-
idential election. [His speech will be published
in the Appendix.]
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, followed, in a
speech of nearly two hours' length—the time hav-
ing been extended, by general consent—upon the
subject of the alleged connection of Senator Doug-
las with Republicans in his reelection to the Sen-
ate of the United States. [His speech will be
published in the Appendix.]
Mr. McCLERNAND replied to Mr. Kellogg
upon the same subject. [His remarks will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
Mr. VANCE obtained the floor; butyieldeditto
Mr. COX, who moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Davis, of In-
diana, having taken the chair as Speaker pro tp.ra-
pore, Mr. Washbdrne, of Illinois, reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the Union generally under con-
Nideiv.tion, and particularly a bill (H. R. No. 4)
making appropriations for the consular and diplo-
matic expenses of Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1861, and had come to no reso-
lution thereon; also, that the committee had had
under consideration the annual mes'sage of the
President of the United States, and the resolu-
tions proposing to refer the same, and had come
to no conclusion thereon.
IXDIAN AGENCY IN JEFFERSON TERRITORY•
Mr. ALDRICH, by unanimous consent, mtro-
| duced a bill to establish an Indian agency in the
Territory of Jefferson; which was read a first and
- second time, and referred to the Committee on
I Indian Affairs.
And then, on motion of Mr. LEAKE, (at six
o'clock, p. m.,)-the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
: Wednesday, March 14, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gcrley.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter of the assistant clerk of the Court of
Claims, returning, in compliance with an order
of the Senate, the papers in the case of C. J. Cook
and A. A Lockwood; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GRIMES presented the petition of Hetty
G. Dorr, daughter of John D. Alvey, postmaster
of the American Army, at head-quarters, during
the revolutionary war, praying that the laws
passed for the relief of the officers and soldiers of
that war, or their widows and orphans, may be
so construed as to include his heirs or legal rep-
resentatives; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. TEN EYCK. presented a petition of citi-
zens of New York and New Jersey, praying Con-
gress to pass a law to prevent all further traffic
in, and monopoly of, the public lands of the
United States; and that they be laid out in farms
or lots, of limited size, for the free and exclusive
use of actual settlers; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented the petition of
H. L. Dousman, in behalf of himself and other
owners of land at Prairie du Chien, praying
that the surveys affecting farm lots numbered
one to twenty-three, inclusive, made by Lucien
Lyon, United Suites surveyor, in the year 1828
or 1829, may be corrected; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FITZPATRICK presented the memorial
of Daniel J. Brown, praying compensation for
extra services while acting as a clerk in the Patent
Office; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. DAVIS presented the memorial of James
Harrington, a laborer on the public grounds in
the city of Washington, praying that he may
have the benefit of the joint resolution of August,
1856; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds.
REVISION OF THE TARIFF.
Mr. FOSTER. I present various memorials,
praying for an alteration o£the existing tariff laws
of the United States. These memorials are signed
by a large number of citizens and electors of Con-
necticut, residing in Hartford, Windsor, Weth-
ersfield, Windsor-Locks, Manchester, and New
Britain, in Hartford county; in New Haven and
Naugatuck, in New Haven county; in Norwich,
Yantic, Mystic, and Jewett City, in New Lon-
don county; in Plymouth and Wolcottville, in
Litchfield county; and in Hebron, Vernon, Rock-:
ville, Ellington, and Stafford Springs, in Tolland
county. As the memorials are short, I ask that
one of them be read at the Clerk's table.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Memorial to the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United States :
The memorial of the undersigned, citizens and electors
' of the estate of Connecticut, respectfully showetii: That
i foreign wares and fabuesarenow pouring into our seaports
I ill quantities wholly unprecedented ; that, m' spite of tile
i glut of importation, the Federal Treasmy is in an embai-
1 rassed condition, the public debt has been more than dou-
bled '/.-[till,'I the last thiee vears, and $-20.1)00,000 of Treas-
ury notes are soon to fall due, for which no provision has
been made. Your memorialists, therefore, entreat your
honorable bodies to revise the existing tariff, replacing ad
valorem by specific duties, so tar as practicable ; and ac-
eoidina to'the labor of our own country such moderate in-
cidental protection as may be consistent with tire creation
of a revenue adequate to all the legitimate and economical
wants of the Government.
We are, respectfully, your fellow-citizens, &c,
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, the signatures
to these memorials are so numerous and so re-
spectable, that I should hardly discharge the duty
I owe to my constituents if "I did not say a few
words in regard to the general subject before mov-
ing the? appropriate reference. It seemk t,(J me Wit
■what is asked in'th'd memorials is [ust-and> neces-
sary,: and ought tobegrajited. ! "The subject-in-
volves the present condition of the country in
-regard to its imports and revenues, and' the effect
of our present laws, especially on the industrial
classes. . From an examination of the repori"of
the Secretary of the Treasury, laid on our tabfes
ashorttime since, itapjfcarsthatlhe-wholeamouBt
of imports into the United States during the fiscal
year ending the 30th ofJunelast,was#338,768,130,
of which gold and silver'coin and bullion made- tip
$'l,434,789, leaving $331,333,841, of goods and
merchandise from foreign ports, beside gold 'And
silver, Imported into the country in a single yeta.
Of -this amouut, however, there was exported
abroad $20,895,077, leaving to be consumed at
- home within our own country, $310,438,264. The
whole amount of our exports during the Startle
period was $335,894,385; of whichgefid and silver
coin and bullion made up $57,502,305; leaving,
therefore, an amount of exports, aside froftn gold
and silver, of $278,392,080. Thus, the excess of
imports over exports was $32,046,184.
■ I am aware that there is-one theory that goes
upon the ground that a country is rich in propor-
tion to the amoun.t of its imports, and .that large
imports are a proof of large wealth and of the in-
crease of wealth. For myself, T have hp^ ;be£h
accustomed, at any period of my life, to deal in
such large figures as these,'and possibly may not
be able to comprehend all the philosophy of that
school of political economy, it seems to me that
if we simplify it a little, and take the case of an in-
dividual , a planter or a farmer, and try the question
on a small scale, we may understand it better.
Suppose, then, that a planter or farmer takes
the surplus product of his farm or plantation, all
that he has to dispose of, and sells it to a neigh-
boring merchant, and that he buys from the mer-
chant all that he wishes for family consumption.
At the end of the year he settles his account, and
finds that he owes the merchant $500. Now, that
planter or farmer is certainly not doing a thrifty
business', he is not making money; but is losing
it, although his imports, so to speak, are $500 a
year more than his exports. I take it to be very
manifest that an individual, under such circum-
stances, is not on the road to wealth, but is on
the road to the alms-house; and 1 am utterly at a
loss to conceive of any difference in point of prin-
ciple, between an individual "Smd a nation under
just such circumstances.
We, as a nation, the last year, imported more
than we exported, to the amount, as 1 have al-
ready stated, of $32,046,184. I believe that that
is a losing business, and that a nation pursuing
that course is tending to bankruptcy. 3N ow, look
for a moment at some of the articles which go to
make up the enormous amount of our imports.
I have looked over the tables, as prepared by the
Secretary of the Treasury, and find that we im-
ported of manufactures of cotton, §26,345,081; of
manufactures of wool and worsted, $33,521,956;
of iron and steel, and manufactures of iron and
steel, $19,221,947; amounting, in the aggregate,
to §79,088,984 of these three classes of articles—
manufactures of cotton, manufactures of wool
and worsted, and iron and steel, and manufactures
of iron and steel.
Now, Mr. President, I must say that I believa
this country ought to have manufactured all these
several articles here at home, and not imported
one dollar of the more than seventy-nine million
dollars' worth that we did import. That, I be-
lieve, is the course which we, as an economical
nation, ought to have followed. It is pretty ap-
parent that we are not raising revenue enough to
meet our expenses. Our expenditures during the
past year, as appears by the message of the Prcs^
ident of the United States, were $83,751,511 57.
The estimated expenditure for the current year is
$66,714,92879; and the estimated deficiency for the
fiscal year is $5,988,424 04. I shall confess my-
self much mistaken if our expenditure does not ex-
ceed the estimate, and, of course, if the estimated
deficiency is not short of the reality. But, sir,
even if both should be right, or both be more than
subsequent facts shall prove to be true, it is very
clear that proper legislation requires the revision
of the tariff laws, and requires such a change as
shall make the receipts of the Government equal
to the amount of the expenditure. The correct-
ness of this principle must certainly be recognized
