2084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
in said Territory, nothing herein contained shall bo con-
strued to authorize or permit its existence therein."
Mr. LAMAR. - Let me say to the gentleman
that the point he has stated was exactly the point
in dispute between Mr. Calhoun and Mi*. Web-
ster.
Mr. CASE. I may be mistaken as to the fact.
There are those of ottr party, Mr. Speaker, who
believe that Congress has no power to legalize
slavery in the Territories, ana that that power
does not exist in the people of the Territories.
There are those of this side who believe that Con-
gress has the power to legalize it; and I believe
that the Democrats very generally recognize that
position.
Mr. HUGHES. I do not.
Mr. CASE. I am glad to hear one member of
that side say so. <
Several Members rose from the Democratic
benches, and said that they did not.
Mr. CASE. 1 know that there arc many on
that side of the House who claim that no action
of Congress is necessary, because the Constitution
protects slavery in a Territory as soon as a man
takes his slave there. It was the position of the
gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Taylor,] yester-
day, that when the Constitution was extended to
the Territories, though there might be no local law
to aid him, it operated to protect the emigrant in
the rights he enjoyed by the local laws of the State
fiom which he came, but not to prohibit those local
rights. I believe I state the proposition of the gen-
tleman fairly. It struck me that it was strange—
and 1 always listen attentively to legal suggestions
coming from that gentleman—that he should an-
nounce the proposition that emigrants going into
the Territories carry with them the local law of
the place from which the emigrants come so far as
to protect them in what rights they may have en-
joyed at home; and that the territorial authorities
ha ve no power to proh ibit them from theenjoyment
of any of those rights. Let me illustrate it; and
I can find no better illustration than is furnished
mo by the hypothetical case putby a distinguished
Senator [.Mr. Wade] the other day. It was the
su pposition he made that, in the course of our prog-
ress as a nation, the time might come when the
Pejce Islands might be annexed to our posses-
ion*; and, becoming a State, wo might have Sen-
ators and Representatives here from the. State of
Fojoe. Now, sir, they have a peculiar local
right" there—the right of conquering their ene-
mies, and the additional rightof fattening and eat-
ing them. Now, I understand the gentleman's
proposition to go this far: that they, being a State,
might complain that they had not an equality of
rights under the Constitution, if citizens of Fejee
were not permitted to go into the Territories and
exercise tliat right, without any power in the local
Legislature to prohibit it, because that would be
one of the home rights of the emigrant.
Now, sir, I come to th£ consideration of one or
two other propositions of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, for I shall not attempt to reply in
detail to his speech. 1 took no notes while he
was speaking, and have had no opportunity to
read his remarks as published.
I allude to his argument against the prohibition
of slavery, oi any inteifercnce with it, based upon
the idea that you cannot make men good—cannot
make them do right by force. While I have in-
sisted that his argument in relation to popular
sovereignty would not stop short of the absurdity
of allowing the people of aTerritory, if they saw
fit, to annex themselves to a foreign Government,
so here I say his argument goes to the length of
saymg that legislation should never interpose to
prohibit or punish any wrong. And when he
has gone that far he has demonstrated, notrnerely
that wo should let, slavery alone—an institution
which some of us think is a great moral wrong,
while others believe it to be eminently benevolent
and good—but that all our legislation for the pun-
ishment of crime has been a blunder, which should
forthwith be blotted out. You cannot force men
to be good—ergo, legislation is useless to restrain
any moral wrong! That, Mr. Speaker, is his
argument, briefly and plainly stated. His philos-
ophy is, that we should cultivate an enlarged
" faith in the people'1—trust to their honesty to
do all that is right and proper.
Now, sir, 1 believe I have fuil as much faith in
the people as my friend from Massachusetts. I
quite agree with him that the majority of man-
kind are reasonably honest in their actions and
purposes. The fact that a majority is generally
to be found in favor of enacting good and whole-
some laws for the restraint of the few who may
be disposed to do wrong; the fact that we have
courts to punish wrongdoers, ought to satisfy
any "philosopher" of the honesty of the majority.
But, sir, we go on the theory—which is true m
law and in fact—that of necessity we have these
Territories under our care and guardianship; and
while we do not deny that the men who go there
are eminently fit and able to take care of them-
selves, and never deny that they have the same
ability as men in the States, yet they are subject to
our Government, and must be under our control.
Otherwise wc have within our own jurisdiction,
and upon our own soil, a people setting up then-
independent authority, and saying they will no
longer allow us to rule over them. And I care
not whether the gentleman says his argument is
against the moral right or the constitutional right.
What we have the constitutional right to do, that
it is our constitutional duty to do, when the time
arrives for action. And we should act upon this
matter, as upon all other matters, upon the theory
that a great majority of men are honest, and yet
never ignoring the fact, known to all observers,
that many men will do violence to their conscience
and to duty if a sufficient temptation is placed
before them. If the proposition of the gentleman
is sound, you might dispense with all courts at
oncc, and rely upon the people to do right at all
times.
I will not occupy the attention of the House
longer. I regretted very much to trouble gentle-
men with these remarks, for I knew they were
anxious to proceed to the consideration of other
bills. Could T have obtained the floor yesterday
when I thought it was due me, as a matter of
courtesy, as one of the majority who reported
these bills, I should have occupied it but a few
moments.
I will only say, in conclusion, that I am not
indifferent to the fate of this bill. It is the most
important of the series. If any gentlemen were
opposed to the bills tfcat were tabled yesterday,
because of their peculiar provisions as to the veto
power, let me say that the one now under consid-
eration follows the precedents on that subject. If
any find fault with the proviso to the sixth section,
let it be remembered that the committee agreed that
my colleague upon the committee [Mr. Clark, of
Missoun,] should have an opportunity to move to
strike it out, and his motion tothatetfcctis pending;
and that it was further agreed that the gentleman
from Georgia, if he wished to move to inseit the
proposition that the Territorial Legislatuie should
not pass any law interfering with the subject of
slavery, should have the opportunity to do'so. So
that, it" this bill is not satisfactory to the House,
there is abundant opportunity to amend it in those
respects, and allow the Territory to be organized.
I believe that it is specially important that this
Territory should receive the favorable action of
Congress. We of the committee have discharged
what we thought to be our duty; but if the ma-
jority think that this bill should go to the tabic,
and that no Territory should be organized, I am
content, and shall not attempt again to introduce
the subject before the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have the floor now; andif
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Thayer]
desires to reply to the assaults which have been
made upon him, I will yield him a portion of my
time, and then I will move to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to any arrangement
of that kind, because some of the rest of us desire
to say a word or two.
The SPEAKER. Docs the gentleman yield
to the gentleman from Massachusetts to make a
motion ?
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir; I will make the
motion myself if the gentleman does not desire to
speak.
Mr. BINGHAM. I took the floor before the
gentleman from Alabama addressed the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama has been endeavoring, for two or three days,
to get the floor, and he now has it.
Mr BINGHAM. Then I object to the gentle-
man transferring the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. Though I desire to make
some remarks, yet, as the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has been pretty severely assailed, if it
is his desire to reply to those assaults, and he will
agree to move to lay the bill upon the table, I will
yield to him.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to that. The gen-
tleman from Alabama, having taken the floor,
cannot transfer it conditionally to any other mem-
ber. That is my point of order.
The-SPEAKER. The point of order is well
taken.
Mr. BINGHAM. And X claim the floor, if
the gentleman from Alabama does not desire to
occupy it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will occupy but little time
in debate upon this bill, and then I will move to
lav it upon the table.
'Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will the gen-
tleman yield to me a moment? '
Mr. HOUSTON'. What for ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I want to read
ten lines.
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir. The gentleman
may, at his leisure, read twenty, and I have no
objection. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Then the gen-
tleman refuses.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think if the gentleman
would read good reading he would be benefited.
I was very much astonished to hear the speeches
made by the gentleman from Indiana, who has
just taken his seat, [Mr. Case,] by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Gooch,] by the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Curtis,] and by the
chairman of the Committee on Territories, [Mr.
Grow.] They were extraordinary speeches.
Those gentlemen spoke warmly in favor of the
organization of governments for Territories in the
Northwest. And yet, at the last session of Con-
gress, a short twelvemonths ago, those very gen-
tlemen—every one of them—voted to lay on the
table, without debate, a bill or bills proposing to
organize governments for the very same, or por-
tions of the same, Territories. The gentleman
from Iowa said yesterday that he would warn
gentlemen who were voting to lay these bills on
the table that they were acting injuriously to the
interests of young republics—infant States; and
admonished us to be cautious, and especially
those who were looking to political promotion—
looking to the Presidency. Why, the gentleman
himself was one of the first to take a step in that
direction, in opposition to the organization of ter-
ritorial governments m the Northwest. He was
followed by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Case,] by the chairman of the Committee on
Territories, [Mr. Grow,] by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Gooch,] and by almost all
the members on that side of the House. Their
votes against the bills, at the last session of Con-
gress, are recorded on the Journals. And now
they pretend to be in favor of organizing such
Territories; they pretend to want the people to
have the benefit of law, and to be relieved from
the influence of mobs. Why has their tune
changed so suddenly ? Why do they reverse their
action in so short a time? It is because wc are
to-day twelve months nearer to a presidential elec-
tion than we were then, and they want to make
political capital for their party at the approaching
presidential and State contests in the northern
States. ^
Again, sir, they sometimes charge that this side
of the House has introduced the agitation and
discussion of the slavery question, while, in the
very bills that they now propose, they have un-
necessarily introduced and embodied provisions
relating to it. Such provision has no proper con-
nection with or relevancy to the bills, and was in-
troduced for the mere purpose of agitation—for
the mere purpose of feeding vitiated appetitites
among their constituents, some of whom have
been misled by false teaching, and for the purpose
of manufacturing capital for the ftext presidential
election.
Now, sir, I regret that the time which was al-
lotted to the territorial business has been unne-
cessarily consumed by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania and his friends. The House allowed
two days for the transaction of such business,
and the time has been uselessly and unprofitably
consumed, as we have witnessed.
I was speaking of the purpose for which this
proviso with regard to slavery was introduced
with these territorial bills. The proviso recites
