3028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
the regular supplies of the quartermasters de-
partment, to strike out "$1,580,000," and insert
"|1,440,000."
$ Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Secretary to
read that amendment again. I understand that
the Senate, raised the amount appiopriated for
this purpose §500,000, and that the House has
now agreed to that with an amendment.
The Secretary. It is an increase of $140,000.
Mr. TROMi\ULL. The House has increased
upon the Senate.
The Secretary. The Senate increased the
House bill $140,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, what is the action
of the House on that ?
The Secretary. To non-concur.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the the Sen-
ate agree to this action of the House.
Mr. HUNTER. Youcannotdo that until you
vote downmymotion. Aly motion is an entirety.
I move that we insist, and ask for a conference.
If the Senate vote down that motion, of course,
then, the amendments come up, one by one, and
the Senator can make Ins motion.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think the Senator from Vir-
ginia is wrong. This question does not assume
that privilege. Because his motion was first made,
it is not to be first put. The rule as to the order
in which these motions are to be put is clear:
first to agree, second to disagree, third to recede,
fourth to Insist, and fifth to adhere. Now, the
motion of the Senator from Virginia is a motion
to insist; but the very first motion, parliamentanly,
is a motion lo agree or disagree.
Mr. HUNTER. That is all true, if the Sen-
ator makes a motion as an entnety to leeede fiom
all that the House disagree to, because thatniotion
is first in older which would soonest put an end
to the dispute between the two Houses; but the
motion, as the Senator from Illinois puts it, does
not effect that object, for it is upon a single amend-
ment. Now, I propose to "insist upon all the
amendments, and ask for a conference. lie does
not supersede my motion by separating the amend-
ments; for otherwise it would be equivalent to
saying I could not make the motion, but if he
chooses to move that we recede from all our amend-
ments to which the House disagreed, that would
supersede my motion, because it would end the
dispute beLw^en the two Houses, and that is the
reason of the priority winch is given to these
motions.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is the very thing which
cannot lie done. Vou cannot group a class of
amendments together and move to concur in them
all, because they are distinct. You can do it, I
knew, by the universal tonscnt of the Senate.
Anything can be done, 1 believe, but to create a
woi Id, by the univuisal consent of the Senate; but
you cannot make a motion lo take a class of
amendments and adopt them altogether. Now,
the Senator from Illinois moves that we agree with
the House: that is the motion; he puts it so; but
to get at that motion you must have a distinct
question taken upon every disagreeing vote. Now,
those first in order will be wheie the House have
ugieod to an amendment of the Senate with nn
amendment. 1 understand the Senator fiom Illi-
nois to desire to go no further; and 1 believe there
are but two such amendments. 1 do not see tiny
necessity for going over amendments upon which
we have once voted; but it does seem to me that
there is very great good sense in the proposition
submitted by the Senator from Illinois in taking
up those amendments which the House has
amended, and seeing if we cannot, in the Senate,
agree with the House. When we fail to agree
with the House, it will be ample time to send the
bill to a committee of conference on those disa-
greeing votes. Where amendments have been
made, it seems to me the Senate ought to vote upon
them. 1 would not desire logo over and retrace
our steps on all the other amendments. 1 thmk
that would be useless; it would only be confirm-
ing what we have already done; but here is a new-
proposition. We do not know what the amend-
ments adopted in the House are; but they may
be of such a character as to commend themselves
to our judgments as an improvement. It may be
that we should desire them in the very shape tile
Househaspioposed them. At ail events, it seems
to me, on such a disagreeing vote, wnere an amend-
ment. is presented to us, we ought to have the
action of the Senate, and not send it to a commit-
tee of conference, which supersedes the Senate,
and becomes the legislative body of the country.
Mr. FESSENDliN. 1 should like to suggest
to my colleague that this is not the case that he
supposes. 3t is not a case where there is an
amendment to our amendment. We amended the
original bill of the House, and they refuse to con-
cur in the amendment that we make.
Mr. HAMLIN. But they have amended some
of our amendments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But not the one on which
this motion is made. This is not one of those
cases.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I do not care for a
separate vote on this amendment. I am willing
that the vote shall be taken generally on the
amendments which stand as the Senate passed
them, but I am not willing that those amendments
which had been amended by the House should
be taken in gross. I am utterly astonished at the
proposition made by the Senator from Virginia,
that we are to vote en masse; that we have no right
to call for a division. Was ever a proposition so
monstrous as that presented in alegislative assem-
bly before? A practice has grown up here—
abominable, I may say—by wfiich the legitimate
duty devolving upon the whole body is turned
over to a committee of conference. It is bad
enough that we do it by general consent. Here
are more than fifty amendments to this bill. Now,
suppose theHouseofReprescntatives has amended
every one of them: am 1 to be told here, as a mem-
ber of this body, that 1 have no right to consider
them at all; that they ate bound to go to a com-
mittee of conlerence; and that we have no right
to ask to consider the action of the House of Rep-
resentatives upon a bill which we have sent them,
and to determine whether we will recede or not?
I know, sir, that by consent—by unanimous con-
sent—and under the pressure that is brought to
bear at the close of the session, we have turned
over our legitimate duty to committees of confer-
ence; but 1 never supposed that the Senator from
Virginia would contend seriously for such a prop-
osition as this, that he has a right to put the mo-
tion to adhere to all the amendments and disngre
entiiely with the action of the House of Repre-
sentatives in a lump, without consideration, and
force a vote upon, them, without allowing the
members of the body even to understand what the
amendments are. "1 trust, sir, that no such rule
will ever obtain in this body. In regard to the
particular amendment under consideration, if it
has not been amended m the House, but stands
as it left the Senate, I do not call for a separate
vote on it. i am willing that the vote shall be
taken upon insisting on all such amendments, but
I do insist that we shall consider the amendments
which the House has made to our amendments,
anil know what they are.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator has admitted
himself that his first proposition is wrong, and
has withdrawn it. Now, sir, the reasoning of the
Senator from Maine on this question of order is
a mere reasoning upon the propriety of consider-
ing business. He has as much right, if he can
divide, to call fora division on those amendments
which we have passed here, and which were not
amended in the House, as upon the other; but
the Senator thinks not on those. Why? Be-
cause he does not want to consider them; but lie
thinks 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to say to the
Senator that I do not think any such tiling. I
have the right to demand a separate vote on each
one; but I say, asone individual, 1 do not demand
it. 1 am willing, by consent, to waive it; but 1 do
insist that I have the right, of which the Senate
cannot deprive any member of this body, to de-
mand, at any tune, a sepearate vote on each
amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. That was not the reasoning
on which the Senator was supported. The rea-
soning upon which he was supported was that
there was a propriety ill having a separate vote
on one set of the amendments and not upon the
other. Now, sir, if it is a rule of order, it applies
as much to one as to the other; but, m truth, the
rule.of order does not apply to either. A motion
to insist en masse and ask for a committee of con-
ference's essential, in order to catry oir business
with dispatch. There may be cases where the
Senate may not think it proper to do so. The
differences may be of such a nature that they may
choose to consider them separately; and if so, a
majority may vote down such a motion as I have
now made; but I insist that, in order to dispatch
public business, it must be in the power of a major-
ity, if they choose, to refer this whole matter to
a committee of conference. If the Senator had
asked originally to confine his proposition to those
amendments which the House has amended, as
there are not many of them, sooner than have any
controversy with him, I should be willing, so far
as I was concerned, to consider those few amend-
ments to which the Househad made amendments;
but he did not do so. He raised his question of
order upon the right to ask for a committee ot
conference on the amendments as an entirety, and
he insisted as much upon the one as the other.
Suppose we were to take them up now and debate
them all over again: when should we end the mat-
ter? If we intend to prolong this session, and
choose to give a week more to the military ap-
propriation bill, we might get through with it;
but it seems to be obvoius that there are times
when Congress may find it necessary to dispatch
the business with moie rapidity; and when that
is the case, the majority has a right to refer the
whole to a committee of conference; but, so far
as this matter is concerened, as there are not
many, I am willing to take a separate vote upon
those amendments to which the House has made
amendments, if that will end the Controversy; for
I am anxious, if we can, to terminate the session.
Mr. KING. I suppose there is no doubt of
the right of any member of the Senate to call for
a division of any of these questions where the
propositions are independent and stand by them-
selves, no matter how many may be included in the
motion. I suppose no rule of parliamentary law
is clearer, and it is universal. Before the amend-
ments are read, I am not going to give my assent
to grouping them all together. I am willing to hear
them all, and then, if there is any one upon which
I want a separate vote, I shall insist upon my
right to ask it.
Mr. PUGH. I care very little about this mat-
ter, except for the extraordinary proposition of
the Senator from Virginia, which puts an end
to the ehaiacter of the Senate as a legislative
body. Every one of these amendments is a sep-
arate proposition, and it requires the unanimous
consent of the Senate to take any two of them
together, precisely as when the bill came out fiom
Committee of the Whole Senate. Every one of
them is separate; we can insist upon each one; wo
can amend each of them; we can recede from each
ofthein. They are separate; and instead of the
Senator's having the power hem .by a majority to
call upon us to vote for half a dozen propositions,
or fifty, I say he cannot group any two of them
without the consent of every Senator, nor can he
make a motion to commit half a dozen proposi-
tions to a committee; and a conference is nothing
but a committee. lean move to commit a bill;
but it is only a motion germane to the bill, just
as if Iliad moved to lay on the table. A con-
ference is nothing but a committee.
Now, sir, 1 agree that, for dispatch of business,
we may waive this; but rules of order or the rights
of Senators are not to be set aside, whether it be
the last day of the session or the first day. 1 agree,
for one, that if any Senator deems it mateiia! to
call for a separate vote on any one of the amend-
ments, he has a right to do it; and all the lest of
the Senate together cannot deprive him of it, un 
less you disfranchise him as a Senator. Individ-
ually, I do not care about a separate vote on this
occasion; and I would not have said a word but
for the extraordinary proposition made by the
chairman of the Finance Committee, which ill
effect disfranchises every Senator on this floor.
1 say I do not care about a separate vote in this
case; but if tile Senator from Illinois wants a sep- -
urate vote on any of the amendments, I insist that
he alone is the judge whether he will call for" it
or not.
Mr. GRIMES. I apprehend, sir, that if we
proceeded with this bill, we should get through
with it whilst gentlemen are discussing this ques-
tion of order. On reference to the bill, it will be
observed that,although there are nominally fifty-
three amendments, there are very lew of them
material; they are generally in relation to the lor-
tifications, which have since been embraced in a
different bill. If we take them up seriatim, wo
can get through ill half an hour.
