THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
slave tr9.de .shaJlt^e closed. They intend to open
the traffic. Yes, sir, they have opened the traffic;
they make bold to say so, and southern courts 'w-
fus^ tp punish oft'enders., t say, then, the Nqrth
^targes upon the South, that they have swept
$w$y from the Nprth the benefits of the compro-
mises of the Constitution, when the South are in
the fuU enjoyment of all the advantages ■which
could possibly result to them.
. When you comedo the compromise of 1820;
when, in order,to get Missouri into the Union as
a slave State, they gave to us of the North the
solemn pledge,and entered into bonds that slavery
eshould never exist north of the southern line of
that Sfate; after having got Missouri in, and
reaped all the advantage which they could reap
from that compromise, the South came here—
not the North—the South c;jmc here, almost a
united South, to say that the benefit which the
North received from the compromise of 1820
should be swept away; and, sir, southern breath
swept it away; and we had, in consequence, the
struggle in Kansas as to whether slavery should
or should not go into territory from which it had
been prohibited.
But, sir, the North charge further that in the
compromise of 1832—the great compromise of the
gijeatcompromiscr—northern trade was pr.ralyzed
and northern industry destroyed. And .hen, sir,
last, and not by any means least, wo have the
compromises of 1850 and 1854, which I choose to
join together, as they constitute but one single
compact. After we bought, yes, sir, after wo
bought California into the Union, giving to the
Scmth monstrous prerogatives, which I will not
undertake now to enumerate, they made us. the
solemn guarantee that if we would adopt the prin-
ciple of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, to leave the
whole question of slavery to the fiaal determina-
tion of the people of *he Territory, and exclude
agitation of the slavery question from Congress,
they would abide by it. Now, sir, where an; we ?
Who is there that represents that southern senti-
ment of 1850 and 1854, upon this floor ? Who is
there that represents it? Is there any southern
member who represents it' It is likely that there
is., If there be,'however, he has maintained a
most respectful silcnce up to this moment. No,
sir; the southern ■jentimentdestroys all the benefits
which the North were to reap from the compro-
mise of 1850 and 1854. I will not undertake to
say what the motive of the gentlemen was who
introduced the Kansas-Nebraska bill, but I think
that ho man ought, to have doubted what the cffect
of that bill would be. The South undoubtedly
expected that it would conduce to the interest of
slavery, and the effort was strenuously made, I
think, m Kansas, to force that benefit from that
provision of tire bill. But from the moment that
it failed to plant slavery in Kansas, it has been
repudiated, and if I understand the position which
the South occupy to-day, it is that they will have
nothing to do with this thing of squatter sover-
eignty. They wash their hands of it.
Now here is the first, the second, the third, the
fourth, and the fifth compromise which the North
have entered into with the South upon this all-
absorbing subject of slavery; and the N orth charge
upon the South that in every single instance
of compromise they have violated its sanctity
after having received the benefit, or tried to re-
ceive the benefit arising from their side of the bar-
gain. And these charges have to be answered,not
here merely, but at other times and other places.
They will have to be answered next year, and I
assume now the position that the South have got
to wash their hands of these things, or they have
got to give up the Federal offices. [Applause and
cries of "Good! "upon the Republican side.] Now
the South have rights guarantied under the Con-
stitution; but the South have not all the rights.
The North have a few. Individually, I would not
withhold from the South, or from tiny portion of
the South, the least, as I would not the greatest
right, guarantied to her either by fundamental law
or statute. I would treat her as I would treat a
younger sister; I would give her more than she was
entitled to, rather than less, because she is the
weaker party. I would bestow bounties even
upon her; but when she comes here or anywhere
else and demands, as a right, what is not her
right, and seeks to wrest from, the North what
she is not entitled to, I would deny her. That
is my position, and those are my principles at the
present time; for if I understand the politics of
the country; if I have not been blinded for the
last four years, there are no politics in the United
States now but "nigger." The -whole politics
of the, country are involved in the negro ques-
tion. , Shall slavery travel into the Territories or
shall it not? that is the question. There is no
other question, and there will be no other ques-
tion in the presidential contest of 1860, and if
I am constrained to choose between the party
which insists, that slavery shall travel everywhere,
against right, and that party which says it shall
r.ot go anywhere, even when it has a right, I cannot
help'it. That is all. I stand upon the principle
of the Kansas-Nebraska bill. I believe it is suf-
ficient for us. It is anyhow the bond between the
North and the South, and I will try it a little fur-
ther, and I am with the men who are for that
principle. 1 know how it will result._ It will re-
sult exactly where the Republicans desire it should
end—it will end in the exclusion of slavery from
all the Territories of the United States. If there
is any man who is committed to the principles of
the Kansas-Nebraska bill, who does not answer
that question in that way when it is propounded
to him, all I have to say is that ho is cither will-
fully blind or slightly dishonest.
Sir, I have never uttered apolitical sentiment in
my life, that I can remember, that I would not
utter here in the hearing of the South—not one. I
have always stood by the Democratic party when
I believed it to be right, I adhere to the princi-
ples of the Democratic party; and I have always
opposed that party when I believed it to be wrong;
and I intend to do so forever. There shall not be
any misunderstanding between any gentleman
upon the Democratic side of the House and my-
self. I feel perfectly certain that the party has
been banif upted by this Administration of J ames
Buchanan. I lenow it. I know it; for whenever
the Democratic party can no longer control north-
ern mftsses, then that party is bankrupt; and that
is the condition of that party to-day. There is not
a northern State, not one, as there is scarcely a
northern county, that can be carried upon the doc-
trine upon which Mr. Buchanan this day bases his
Administration. I want the party to put itself ex-
actly right at Charleston; and, if it will not put
itself right, I want it to put itself plainly wrong.
I do not want the people, either of the North or of
the South, to be deceived by any platform which
can be interpreted in one way jn one section and in
another way in another section. If it is the senti-
ment of the Democratic party that slavery shall
travel with the column of our advancing civiliza-
tion, I say, put it so before the people, express it
plainly, and receive the northern verdict upon it.
I should have said something about Union
meetings at the North, but my friend from New
York [Mr. I-Iaskin] has rendered that entirely
unnecessary. I say this, which will cover every-
thing I should have said at greater length: that
there is no sentiment nowin the North which can
plant itself upon southern policy, as I understand
it, and live; for the reason that it would be gov-
erned by selfish considerations. And if this con-
dition of things existing between the North'and
South shall load to a dissolution of this Union,
which no one would deplore more than I should;
all I can say is, the North, under those circum-
stances, will endeavor to take care of themselves.
I have never seen a northern man, in latter times,
that was much scared. I know many men have
been alarmed, in times past, at the cries of disso-
lution; but I have never yet seen a northern man
who expressed any alarm as to the results of a
dissolution of the Union. I will state what my
conviction is on the subject. I do not know,
however, that I thoroughly understand what is
meant by a dissolution of the Union. If it means
a dividing line of sentiment between the North
and South, and virtual non-intercourse, why we
have reached that dissolution already, for northern
men cannot now travel in the South; and, as I
understand it, any postmaster in any village of
the South, where the receipts of the office would
not amount to five dollars, can, if a letter bearing
my frank goes into his hands, open it, examine
it, and burn it, on the pretext that it is incendiary.
Sir, we have reached that dividing line between
the North and the South. But, if dissolution
means that there is to be a division of territory, by
Mason & Dixon's line,.orbyany other line, Isay
" no;" that will never be. I express my opinion
—and that opinion may go before the country,
whether false or true—when ,l,say "no;" the
North will never tolerate a division of the terri-
tory. [Applause from the Republican benches.]
Mr. GARTRELL. I should like to know how
you are to prevent it.
Mr. HICKMAN. I will tell you how it will
be prevented. I am neither a prophet nor the, son
of a prophet; but I express my belief that there
is as much true courage in the North, though it
may not be known by the name of chivalry, [sen-
sation,] as there is m the South. I do not use
the word contemptuously, for I admire chivalry
everywhere. There is as much true courage at
the North as there is at the South. I always
believed it, and, therefore, I will express it; and
I believe, sir, that w;ith all the appliances of art
to assist, eighteen millions of men reared to in-
dustry, with habits of the right kind, will always
be able to cope successfully, if it need be, with
eight millions of men without these auxiliaries.
[Great sensation, some applause from the Repub-
lican benches and the galleries, and hisses in other
parts of the Hall.]
Mr. LEAICE. Will the gentleman permit me
to propound to him a respectful interrogatory?
Mr. HICKMAN. I am up now answering an
interrogatory. I am answering why I am not a
rascal. [Laughter and applause.] That is the
main interrogatory.
I am sorry, sir, to trouble the House with these
remarks. I entered this Hall on Monday with
the firm determination that 1 would not be dragged
into a speech; I found that it was impossible to
maintain that determination—that attacks were to
be made incessantly, continuously; attacks, too,
that could not be passed over in silence. I have
answered them. There is no charge resting upon
me of corruption, either here or at home. If there
had been any there, it would have been exposed
long before this. I have passed between raking
fires there, as I have here. My colleague [Mr.
Florence] smiles, for he knows something about
it. If the charge could have been made, it would
have been made and proved; and, therefore, I do
not want any charge to be made against rne here
by any gentleman on this floor, much less by a
contemptible,hoodwinked newspaper, at the other
end of the avenue, which has not as much circu-
lation as a decent northern village journal, when
they have got nothing to found their charges upon.
Mr. SICKLES obtained the floor; but yielded
to
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, who moved that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, called for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and was decided in
the negative—yeas 105, nays 112; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adriun, Allen, Thomas T,. Anderson,
Ashmore, Aveiy, Barksdale, liarr, Barrett, Bonham, Bote-
Icr, B05 ce, Brabson, Branch, Briggs, Bnstow, Burch, Bur-
nett, John 13. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane,
Coopei, Cox, James Craig, Burton Craige, Crawiord, Curry,
H. Winter Davis, John G. Davis, Reuben Davis, De Jar-
nettc, Dimmick, English, Florence, Fouke, Garnett, Gar-
troll, Gilmer, Hamilton, Hardeman, J. Morrison Harris,
John T. Harris, Hatton, Hawkins, Hickman, Hill, Hind-
man, Holman, Houston, Howard, Hughes, Jackson, Jones,
Keitt, Kur.kel, Lamar, Leake, Logan, Love, Maclay, Mai-
lory, Charles D. Martin, Elbert S. Maitin, Maynard,
MeClernand, McGucen, MeEae, Miles, Millson, Mont-
gomery, Italian 'J'. Moore, Sydenham Moore, Isaac N.Moi-
ris, Nelson, Niblaok, Nooll, Pendleton, Peyton, I'lielps,
Pryor, Pugh, Quarles, Reagan, Reynolds, James C. Robin-
son, Ruffin, Scott, Sickles, Simms, Singleton, William N.
H. Smith, Stevenson, James A. Stewait, Stokes, Stout,
Taylor, Thomas, Underwood, Vallandigliam, Vance, Web-
ster, Whiteley, Window, Woodson, and Wright—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrieh, Alley,
William C. Anderson, Ashley. Babbitt, Beale, Bingham,
Blair, Blake, liouli^ny, Brayton. Buffinton, Burlingame,
Bumham, Buirouglis, iiuttcrfieid, Campbell, Carey, Car-
ter, ColUix, Conklm, Convin, Covodc, Curtis, Dawes,
Delano, Iluell, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Etn-
eridge, Farnsworth, Fcnton, Ferry, Foster, Frank, Gooeb,
Graham, Grow, Gurlcv, Hale, Hall, Helmick, Hoard,
Humphrey, Hutcluns, Iivinc. Junlun, FrancisW. Kellogg,
William Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, Killmger, Larrabee,,
DeWitt C. Leach, James M. Leach, Lee, Lortgnecker,
Loomis, Lovcjoy, Marston, McKean, McKnight, McPher-
son,Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Morse, Nixon,
Palmer, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Porter, Potter, Pottle,
Rice, itiggs, Christopher Robinson, Royce, Schwartz,
Seranton, Sedgwick, Somes, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton,
Stevens, William Stewait, Stratton, Tappan, Thayer,
Theaker. Tompkins, Train, Trimble, Vandever, Van
Wyck, Verree, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Elliliu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wells,
Wilson, Windom, and Woodruff—112.
So the House refused to adjourn.
