1859.
THE COJST(xRESSIQISrAL GLOBE.;
¥Pr
Pending the vote, .
Mr. CASE stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Davidson.
Mr. McKNIGHT. X move that the Hous$ do
now procecd to ballot for Speaker before adjour#-
fir. CLARK, of Missouri. I object tp haying
a ballot taken until I have got a vote on my res-
olution. I will not consent to another ballot'until
that time. Jt was for a higher purpose than was
alleged by some gentlemen on the other side of
the House that I offered that resolution; It was
not for c(elay. I want to get at the sentiments of
gentleropn, and I will smoke them out [laughter]
before we take another ballot.
Mr. SICKLES took the floor, but yielded to
Mr. BARICSDALE, who moved that the House
do-now adjourn.
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. STANTON called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Reagan and
Wilson were appointed.
The House divided; and the tollers reported-
ayes twenty-nine.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to; and, thereupon (at eight minutes to
five o'clock,p. m.,)the Housp adjourned.
IN SENATE.;
Tuesday, December 13,1859.
The Journal of yesterday was'read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. KING presented the petition of Daniel P.
Ticmannand others, citizens of New York, pray-
ing Congress to pass a law to prevent all further
traffic in, and monopoly of the public lauds of
the United States, and that they be laid out in
farms and lots of limited size, for the free and
exclusive use of actual settlers; which was ordered
to lie on the table until the committees shall be
appointed.
Mr. BINGIIAM presented the petition of Allen
Gaylord and others, citizens of Ohio, praying that
land may be granted to the heirs of those who
served in the Indian wars, and that of 1812 with
Great Britain; which was ordered to lie on the
table until the committees shall be appointed.
Mr. TEN EYCK presented the petition of
William A. Newell and others, citizens of New
Jersey, praying the passage of a law to prevent
all further traffic in, and monopoly ,of the public
lands of the United States, and that they be laid
out in farms and lots of limited size, for the free
and exclusive use of actual settlers; which was
ordered to lie on the table until the committees
shall be appointed.
He also presented the memorial of W. Brenton
Boggs, a purser in the Navy, praying to be al-
lowed additional pay during the time lie was at-
tached to the expedition for the exploration and
survey of the China Seas and Behring's Straits;
which was ordered to lie on the tabic until the
committees shall be appointed.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. BAYARD gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce the following bills:
A bill to amend an act entitled "An act to
regulate the carriage of passengers in steamships
or other vessels," approved March 3, 1855;
A bill to supply vacancies in certain offices;
A bill concerning appeals and writs of error;
A bill concerning seamen; and
A bill conccrning the administration of justice
in criminal cases.
Mr. RICE gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce the following bills:
A bill to provide for the construction of a cus-
tom-house, postoffice and court-housc,in St. Paul,
Minnesota;
A bill to provide for the crection of a military
post jn.the valley of the Red River of the North,
near.the British boundary line; and
A Bill to extend the provisions of the swamp
land, act to the State of Minnesota.
INVASION 01 HARPER'S FEBRY.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, submitted by Mr. Mason,
on the 5th of December:
Resolved, Tiiata committee be appoinjte^ to inquire into-
tile facts attending the late invasion and seizure of the arm-
ory ar.a arsenal oi' tfie United States at Harper's Ferry, in
Virginia, by a band of armed men, and report whether the
same was attended by armed resistance to the authqiitics
and public force of tile United States, and by the murder
of any of the citizens of Virginia, or of any tioops sent
there to protect the public property; whethersueh invasion
and seizure was made under color ot any organization
intended to -subvert the government of any of the States of
the Union; what was tho chmaetct an<l extent of suci^ oi-
ganization; and whether anyoLtlzonsofthc United State*,
not prfesent, were Implicated theiem or accessory thereto
by contributions of mono v, arms, munitions, or otherwise;
Wfiat was the chaiactor and extent of the military equip-
ment in the hand.', or under the contiol, of said armed bmjtL
and where and how and when the same was obtained afid
transported to the place so invaded. And that said com-
mittee report whether any and what legislation may, in
tbcil opinion, be neccRsaiy, on thepartof the United States,
for the futuic preseivation of the peace of the country, oi
for the safety of the public property; and that said committee
have power to send for persons and papers.
The pending question being; on the following
amendment offered by Mr. Trumbull:
And that the said committee alrfo inquire into the faets
attending the invasion, seizure, and  obboiy, in December,
1855, of the arsenal of the United States, at Liberty, in the
State of Missouri, by a mob or body of armed men, and
report whether such bcizuiu and jobbery was attended by
resistance to the authoiities of the United States, and fol-
lowed by an invasion of the Territory of Kansas, and the
plunder and murder of any of its inhabitants, or of any cit-
izen of the United States, by the persons who thus seized
the arms and ammunition of the Govcuiment, or others
combined with them. Whether said seizure and lobbery
of the arsenal were made under color of any organization,
intended to subveit the government of the States or Terri-
tories of the Union; what wits the character and extent of
such organization j and whethei any citizens of the Umtc$
Ptate.?, not present, were implicated therein or accessory
thereto by contributions of money, arms, ammunition, or
otherwise; what was the character and extent of the mili-
taiy equipments in the hands or under the contiol of naid
mob, and how and when and wheie the same were (subse-
quently used bv such mob: what was the value oi the arms
and ammunition of every description so taken from *aid
arsenal by the mob; whethei the <-amo or any pait thereot
have been ictuiitcd; and the value of such as wcie lost;
whether Captain JLuthci Leonard, theUmted^tatcsofheor
m command of the aiscnal at the time, communicated the
facts m lelation to its seizure and robbeiy to lus superior
officer, and what measures, if any, tVcrc taken in rcteience
thereto.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate ad-
journed upon the motion of tho Senator from
Florida, fMr. Malloky.] Is the Senate ready
for the question ?
A long pause ensued. Many of the seats of
Senators were vacant.
Mr. WADE. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn. ["Oh, no!"]
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. 1 hope we shall hare the
question on tho resolution. This is a good time
0,fhe VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Illinois,
on which tho yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, tho Senator from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Doomttle,] in the remarks
which he submitted to the Senate the other day,
used this language:
I aqree, Sir. President, that the time has come when
no should understand each other, and undeistand each
other fully and distinctly; when thcie should be no con-
cealments, when wo t-hou!fl make a clean hiea^t oi tile
whole matter, and learn how we stand upon this floor."
In that sentiment I fully and cordially concur;
and, to ascertain where wc stand, reluctantly rise
this morning with the purpose of addressing the
Senate, in the spirit of courtesy and of candor. I
wish to know how wc stand, and, endeavoring to
suppress any feeling of bitterness or of indigna-
tion, which recent events and some of the debate
ill this Senate might justly excite in any southern
breast, shall, at the same time, speak with frank-
ness, impartiality, and truth. I trust that I shall
be heard with patience, and be answered with
frankness, for I wish to know where we stand.
Northern Senators, on the other side of the
Chamber, profess to respect, and declare that they
will observe and maintain, all the constitutional
rights of the South. If you be sincere in this dec-
laration, if your party intend to keep this pledge,
there is no cause of difference between us, and we
may remain, until the final trump shall sound,
brethren and equals in this Confederacy. But
pardon me if I mistrust your pledges. While you
may think that such is the spirit and such the
iendency of the principles and sentiments, which
you avow, wo regard them in a far different light.
I think ;tljat the manner;eumI tone.crf, Ua|s
negatives this professions pi &-iendalup ita&ifefese -
ship, of respect and-re{p*d far-ottf-constitutional'
rights. . >
W hat .have we heard, up.on fti^l^c^/.CMI'
Senator treats the late murderous foray apoa.yife'
ginia with a levity which wotild be insu-Hmg
if.it came fi;om any .other than ono
regard all things asajojte,and whapral^fy.^iH
die, like, Rabelais, with a jest uppii his lms.,,and;
never realise the responsibilities pf life-or
until he is'called to judgment. 'Aoo.th'cr ridicule^,
tile cowardice, .{he,weakness,;thqimy.QtsBC«pftU^);
South in sufferings, handful of mep to sj?uc> tljp/
arsenal, and'tp defy ,a town of fifteep,Ixund):e,4J- Qi;
more inhabitants. Another cuterlftins
newly-discovared revelations of the opinjjiw.w
Washington, Jefferson, and other fathers of.fty:
Union, and framers of the Declaration of)I.t\9,^
pendence and the Federal Constitution, disftjjri.
proving; of slavery. Another endeavors to exc f§
domestic dissension and. discord within our.ow^;
ranks in the South, by appealing.,to non-sl^ve,-,,
holders to come up to the support of the
lican party, professing to vindicate their rights.-
arid to rescue them from the curse of slavery and,
the oppression of slaveholders; thus striving to
scatter dragon's teeth over the plains of the Soutlj,
in the hope, it would seem, that there will sjraag
up armed men ready to destroy our domestic,in-
stitutions, to desolate our fields, and to drench opr
hearthstones in fraternal blood, Others, with
frightful mariner, and with fierce and bravp wow}^
threaten us with, cpcrcion if wc refuse/, fo subiprit
to their,authority ,'po. matterJiowever .tyreinni^i,
unconstitutional, and oppressive  
These are tho evidences of fraternal affection
and of respect for the South which yQU tender!
Mr. President, Wendell Phillips has ijaid, I
think truly said—-speaking of this fpray -upon
Virginia—that " it is the natural result of anti-
slavery teaching. For one, I accept it; I expected
it.'' I admire his courage and his candor. Like
another corsair, he shuns no question, and he
wears no mask. He speaks his whole mind, and
the real feeling of his heart. He indulges in no
diplomatic or Delphic language, but speaks in
plain Anglo-Saxon what he thinks and feels; ajj4
for this I applaud him and approve his conduct.
I may claim somewhat of prophetic ken for. ail
opinion expressed .on this floor, now pear four
ycarssincc. I said that the natural and necessary
result of thq anti-slavery teachings of the Repu-b-
lican party was civil strife and .bloodshed, and
that it would occur if that party prevailed in the
North. I spoke it under a solemn sense of re-
sponsibility to my State and to the Union. I
believed it. My predictions have proved proph-
ecies, and have been realized at Harper's Ferry.
How could it be otherwise? I submitto Senators
whether they ought to expect to teach their con-
stituencies to hato slaveholding and slavehold-
ers, and yet to restrain them from any violation
of our rights? When you teach them that slavery
is a crime against man and a sin in the eyes of
Heaven,and lias.no guaranteein theFedcral Con-
stitution, how can you expect men to respect our
rights or to refrain from acts of violence and of
injury' The principles you profess, the senti-
ments you avow, the very platform read in our
hearing, bind you, as honest men, to exert every
moans within your power to abolish slavery, not
only within exclusive Federal jurisdiction, but
within the States in which it exists, _ _ ■
Governor Chase, of Ohio, expressed to a citizen
of my State and a resident of the town in which
I live, what 1 do sincerely believe is the general
sentiment of the Republican party. The Rev.
William D.Chadick, a gentleman, a scholar,and
a Christian, the presiding pastor of a Presbyte-
rian church in my town, who never desecrated
the pulpit by political discourses, but has proved
himself a. man of pure piety and pcace, says, in a
letter to an editor of a newspaper irf that town,
that, in. a conversation with Governor Chase,
during the winter of 1857, at Cincinnati, where
he had gone to ascertain where ho could colonize
some forty or more slaves manumitted by a cit-
izen of Alabama, that Governor Chase closed his
remarks by saying with emphasis, that—
" • For his part, lie would rather never see another free
lic-'i'O set his foot upon Ohio soil.': I asked his reason.
'Because,' said he, 'their moral influence1 is degrading.
I then remarked, that it appeared to me a glaring incon-
sistency la lJiai and. others In Ohio, ta lovo our southern
