3030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
when he does, cannot vindicate his objection, is
the emptiest declamation upon which the Senate
was ever harangued. He selccts a iittle item, the
estimates for which are before the body, which
he had only to read to know how every centwaa
to be appropriated, and announces, as a great
measure ,of economy, that here is a proposition
to take a* smaller sum than that estimated for by
specific items, and he considers it proper, as a
legislator, to adopt the smaller sum. Then, why
not strike it all out ? A particular thing is asked
for; a specific estimate is sent in to cover it. If
the estimate is rejected in half, why not reject it
in whole ? Examination of the facts on which it
rests may have been made by the House; they
may have chosen to reduce the cavalry depot to
one half, and therefore to require one halt that
amount of stable. If that be the reason on which
the House acted, the Senate can only learn it by
conferring with them through an appropriate com-
mittee. The Senator from Virginia made the
proper motion—the motion which would enable
the Senate to proceed rapidly to the execution ot
its purpose—to learn from the House why it had
objected to the amendments the Senate had made.
Then it would be for the Senate to decide, after
they received the information through their com-
mittee of conference, as to the final action on the
proposition.
The motion to concur in the amendment of the
House was not agreed to.
The Secretary read the fifty-second amendment
of the Senate, as follows:
,/Jnil be it farther cnacted t That each candidate, u hen ad-
mitted into the Milnaiy Academy a* a cadet, under the
qualifications now required. \v ho shall make application
foi advancement to a ela>s that has passed thiou«h the
course ot study piesci ibed ior the fi, -t, the first two, or lii.-t
three yont-!, and who, upon examination bv the academic
board, shall be found piolicient in the academic cou^c pio-
Bcribed lor the fir t. the firot two, or the first three yeais,
mav bo advanced to such class.
The House amendment was to strike out all
after the word " enacted," and in lieu thereof in-
sert: *
That the term of study of eadeV?inthe.MiUtary Academy
at West Point shall be tour years, and no more.
Mr. DAVIS. I move that the Senate do not
concur 111 (he amendment.
The motion was agreed to—ayes twenty-five,
noes not counted; ana the House amendment was
non-concurred in.
The Secretary read the fifty-third amendment
of the Senate, which was to add to the bill as tin
additions! section:
Jliu! he it farther enmtcdy Thai the lotot hnd in the city
of Sun Ammuo/iYxa'', donated to the United Si.it''-> on the
f>tii day ot Maieli, !8!>7, :n a ««te !m an aisenal and bauaek^,
but lot which it has been found to be un-.uitable. be, and
the sune i^j reconveyed to the said city ot Sail Antonio.
The amendment of the House was to strike
out ilie word " donate," and insert "given."
Mi. PEARCE. I move that the Senate con-
cur in that amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PEAIICE. Our amendments, to which
the House made amendment*, having been dis-
posed of, I now move that the Senate insist on
their other amendments, including those which
they have already determined to insist upon; and
ask for a conference on the disagreeing- votes of
the Houses
Mr. IUCE. 1 desire to nsk whether the Sen-
ate has taken action on the sixth amendment, in
which the House did not concur''
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in-
formed that it was an amendment to which the
House disagreed.
Mr. PEARCE. It is included in my motion.
Mr. RICE. I am satisfied.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr! PEARCE, the Vice Presi-
dent was authorized to appoint the committee ot
conference on the part of the Senate; and Mr.
| Pearce, Mr. Davis, and Mr. Foot, were ap-
pointed.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PEARCE, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing1 votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. It. No. 215) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses of
the Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes, for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1861, submitted the
following report, which was read:
The coiumittec of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses, on the amendments to the bill (II. Tt. No.
■2J5) making appropriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department and tortulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes for the year ending
June 30, 1861, having met, after full and free conference,
have agreed to recomend to their respective Houses as fol-
lows :
That the Senate Recede from the following amendments,
namely : second, ninth, tenth, eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth,
fourteenth, fifteenth, sixteenth, seventeenth, eighteenth,
nineteenth, twentieth, twenty-fn st, twenty-second,twenty-
third, twenty-touith, tvventy-fitth, twenty-seventh, twen-
ty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thn ueth, thirty-first,thirty-second,
tlurty-thiid, thiity-tourth, timty-fifth, thiUy-sixth, thirty-
seventh, thirty eighth, thirty-ninth, fortieth, forty first, for-
ty-second, forty-third, forty-fouith, iorty-fiftl), ioity-sixth,
foity-sevcnth, forty-eighth, forty-ninth, fiftieth, fitty-first,
fitty-second, lifiy-tluuMliry-loiuth, fifty-fiith,fiftj-seventh,
fifty-eighth, fifty-ninth, bixlieth, sixty-first, ^xty-second,
sixty-third, sixty-iouilh, sixty-filth, sixty-sixth, sixty-sev-
enth, sixty-eighth, seventieth, seventy-fir*t, eighty-second,
eighty-thud, and ninctj->e<ond.
That the lloiwi lecede fiom their disagreement to the
following amendments, and agree to the same, namely:
seventy-ninth, eightieth, eighty-first, and eighty-fifth.
That the Ilou- o recede tiom their disagreement to the
sixty-ninth amendment, and agree to the same with an
amendment, as follow*: Strike out all after the word
u month," in line lour, page 17, to and including the word
" superintendent"," ui line twenty-six, on fame page.
That the Senate agree to the amendment of the House to
the seventy-eighth amendment ot the Senate.
That the Senate iece.de from their disagiecment of the
amendment of the IIou<eto the Senate's ninety-first amend-
ment, and agiee to said House amendment with an amend-
ment, as follows: Stiike out fiom said Ilou^e amendment
the word* k' tor the extinguishment of their title to lands in
the icgion around Pike's Peak."
That the ilou&e recede from their disagreement to the
seventy -fomth amendment, and agree to the same with an
amendment, as follows: Strike out said ^evenly fourth
amendment, and in lieu theicot"insert the following:
To enable the Secietaiy of the Intenor to pay settlers for
their lmpiovement^ on lands Mtuaied within the g'-netal
reservations at i'uget Sound, the value of which shall be
a«ceitamed under the direction of the said Secretary,
$9,000.
That the House iccede from then disagreement to the
eighty-fourth amendment, and agiee to the same with an
amendment, as follows: Strike out said amendment, and
in lieu theieof inseit the following:
Eoi surveys of reservations lor the Nez Peices, Flat-
heads, and Yakainas Indians, and the Indians west of the
Cascade mountains, $13,000.
J. A. PEAIICE.
W. K. SEBASTIAN,
HENRY WILSON,
Managers oil the pait of the Senate.
Til A I) 1) EUS STEVE\TS,
EMERSON ETIIEiUDGE,
.Managers on the -pant of the House of Representatives.
Mr. PEARCE. Numerous as these amend-
ments are, I can explain them, I think, in a very
few minutes. The first amendment of the Senate
from winch it is proposed that they shall recede,
i« numbered two. That amendment strikes out
the clause providing for five per cent, interest upon
$200,000 for purposes of education, per sixth ar-
ticle of the treaty of August 7, 1856, with the
Creeks, $10,000. That should be considered in
connection wilh another amendment, the seventy-
fiist. The seventy-first amendment proposes an
exchange of funds of the Creek Indians, for whom
we held in trust §200,000 at an interest of five per
cent, per annum—a general education fund. Wc
also hold in tru.-a another fund amounting to
$200,000. This last fund is the proceeds of cer-
tain lands leservcd for the orphans of these In-
dians by the treaty of 1832. Wo are bound to pay
these Indians, who have now arrived at their ma-
jority, all of them, the amountof thattrust fund,
and it was proposed to transfer that fund to the
council of the Creek Indians to settle with these
orphans who have now come of age, for the
amount. The Cieek Indians were willing to ac-
cept the stock in which we had invested the
$200,000, the proceeds of the orphans' lands', in
lieu <^f the sum which they now have in our Treas-
ury, and for which we. pay them §10,000 a year.
The committee of conference were unable to agree
upon this seventy-first amendment, the House of
Representatives insisting on its being stricken out;
and upon agreeing to i ecommend that to bcstricken
out, it was necessary for the Senate to locede
from the second amendment, which stiuck out
the pi ovifiiun for the payment of interest upon the
§200,000 education fund.
All the other amend men ts, up to the sixty-eighth
inclusive, provide for the payment of annuities,
instnllni'-nts, and sums of money and supplies of
goods, farming utensils, farming labor, &c., to
the Indians of Oregon and "Washington. It was
found that these annuities and goods were not clue
at present, and that it was not necessary to make
provision for tlicnuin this bill. Itwillbetime
enough to make provision for them next year.
"W*e therefore agreed to recommend that the Sen-
ate recedc from all these amendments.
The seventieth amendment is in fact a clerical
error of only two dollars. There were misprints
in the estimates, and the clerk of the Senate Com-
mittee on Finance thoughtan error had been made
of two dollars, which was put in. We find, how-
ever, that it was right as the House sent the bill
to us, and therefore we propose to recede from
that.
The seventy-first amendment I have already
explained. The House committee declined to
admit that into the bill. It is in relation to the
exchange of funds of the Creeks.
The eighty-second and eighty-third amend-
ments provide "for defraying the expenses of the
removal and subsistence of Certain Indians in Or-
egon to the reservations therein, aiding them in
procuring their subsistence, purchase of provis-
ions and presents, compensation of laborers and
other employes, for the year ending June 30,
1861, 525,000;" and alike provision in relation to
certain Indians in Washington Territory.
Mr. SIMMONS. I think the Senator has al-
ready counted up about eighty amendments, and
it seems to me that we cannot carry all these in
our minds. When he gets through, I should like
to have a vote upon each one if I can. I should
like to know what I am doing. I want to vote
upon that about the school money.
Mr. PEARCE. This is the report of a com-
mittee of conference, and the question must be
takckall together. In regard to these two amend-
ments, I will say that there seemed to be no treaty
stipulations requiring us to furnish this subsist-
ence, these provisions and presents, and the whole
affair was indefinite. We could not ascertain
whether these sums of money were necessary or
not. It seemed to rest altogether in the discretion
of the Indian agents, and we found the House
committee entirely unwilling to trust to that dis-
cretion. We were therefoie compelled to rec-
ommend that the Senate recede.
The ninety-second amendment, which we rec-
ommend the Senate to recedc from, provides that
" nothing contained in the act to regulate trade
and intercourse with the Indian tribes, approved
June 30, 1834, orin any act supplemental thereto,
shall be so construed as to inflict any penalty or
punishment upon any one who, in good faith,
shall introduce any wines or spirituous liquors
into any Indian country, only with the intent
and purpose of transporting the same from one
State or Territory to another State or Territory
of the United States, or from one place to another
in the same State or Territory." It seemed to
be ve^y doubtful whether that altered the law;
whether the law, without this provision, would
not be that; but we found that the Indian tubes
themselves were very much opposed to the intro-
duction of spirits in their midst even under the al-
legation that they were only being carried through
from one settled country to another country set-
tled by whites. That is the last amendment as to
which wo recommend the Senate to recede.
Then the House recede from their disagreement
to the seventh, ninth, eightieth, and eighty-fifth
amendments; which I suppose I need not read.
• The House recede from their disagreement to
the sixty-ninth amendment, and concur in the
same with an amendment. This is a somewhat
important amendment. It provides a new policy
altogether for the Indians in California. The pres-
ent system of managing the Indians in California
is cumbrous, expensive, and insufficient, to say
the least of it. It was supposed that no new ar-
rangement could produce any worse condition of
things,and that probably great benefit might result
from this. The amendment, however, contained
two parts. Besides the one which authorized a
new arrangement of the districts and new provis-
ions as to managing the reservations upon which
the Indians are to be plai.cd, there was also a pro-
vision in it, as it went from the Senate, that the
Secretary of the Interior should be authorized, at
his discretion, to lease all or any of the reserva-
tions or farms for a term of years to responsible
parties, who may be willing to farm them and to
provide for the support and comfort of the In-
dians, for a sum not exceeding $'$,000 per annum.
This was to farm out the Indians whom we now
support 011 reservations, by leasing the reserva-
tions to responsible parties, they to take care of
the Indians for a consideiution to be given. This
