1142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
Thfe ;YICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state the question. The Chair now calls up'the
special order for two o'clock, which is the reso-
lution authorizing the enlargement and construc-
tion of a branch to the Louisville and Portland
canal; but the unfinished business of. yesterday,
the Military Academy bill, ta^es precedence of it.
The Senator from Maine moves to postpone the
specif order, with a view to make a motion with
reference to the time whefn, the. Senate shall meet.
Mr. HAMLIN. , I, only move to postpone it
informally, so that 1 may be enabled to submit
this motion'. :
Mr. GWIN.' • Does the unfinished business
thereby lose its position on the Calendar ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. No, sir.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
The,"VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the motion of the Senator from Maine, tjiat
from and after to-day the Senate meet at twelve
o'clock, meridian, until otherwise ordered.
The question was, agreed to; there being, on a,
division—ayes 22, .noes 15. - -
italTART ACADEMY BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
(H. K. No. 5) making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Military Academy for the year ending
June 30, 1860, the pending question being on the
following amendment submitted by Mr. Hale to
the amendment offered by Mr. Wigfall:
" Jlnd be it further enacted, That when the regiment of
mounted volunteers shall have been raised for the public
service, as herein provided, the present force of the United
States troops shall be reduced by the equivalentof one regi-
ment of mounted troops ; and the President of the United
States be authorized and required to disband that number
of officers, non-commissioned officers, musicians, and pri-
vates now ni the Army of the United: States.
Mr. HALE. I want to say but a single word
about that amendment 1 shall take but a mo-
ment's time. I offered that amendment because
I am willing to give Texas everything she wants,
but I do not wish to increase the Army. The cf-
fectof the amendment, if passed, is just this: the
new regiment will not be called out at all; but one
regirncnt,instcad of it, will be sent there, and will
do everything that is necessary. The Army will
. not be increased^; Texas will be relieved; and we
shall not be burdened with a bill of $1,00$,000,
which we shall have -to pay if we raise this new
regiment. That will be the effect of the amend-
ment. It wijj grant relief to Texas, and there will
be no expense resulting from it. I hope the Sen-
ate will adopt the amendment, and then we can
pass the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
iticic in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire.
Mr. HALE. I want the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 16, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. .Bingham, Cameron, Chandler, Dixon,
Doolitrle, Dmkcc, Grimes, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Simmer,
Ten Evcfc, Toombs, Trumbull, Wado, and Wilkinson—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bigler, Bragg, Bright, Brown,
Chesnut, Clay, CoJlamer, (Jritte'nden, Douglas,Fessenden,
Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Foster,Green, Gvvin, Hammond,
^Hemphill, Hunter, lverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Ken-
nedy, Lane, Latham, Pcarce, Powell, Eice, Sebastian,Wig-
fall, Wilson, and Yulee—32. ' ' h
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to propose an
amendment as a proviso to the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator that there is an amendment
already pending. Does he offer his proposition
as an amendment to the amendment?
Mr COLLAMER. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion is on the amendment offered bv the Senator
from Vermont, to insert at the end of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Texas the following:
Provided nevertheless, Thar said regiment shall not be
called into service unless required for the public safety, m
the judgment of the President of the United Stales.
Mr. HALE, "We have adopted that amend-
ment substantially before.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
inform the Senator from Vermont that an amend-
ment to that effect has already been added.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 a,sic the Secretary to
read if.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
he it further cnac/eJ, That tl/e money hcrchyappio-
priated, or any part thereof, shall not be withdrawn from
the Treasury, unless the President of the United States shall
be of the opinion that the exigencies of the public service
in Texas requires the calling out oi the regiment aforesaid.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is all right, I with-
draw my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment offered by. .the Senator
from Texas, which will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sec. —. Jlndbe it further enacted, That the following
sums be, and the same are hereby, appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appiopriated, fui the
support <if one regiment of Texas mounted volunteers, au-
thorized by the act of Congress approved 7th April, 1858.
For regular supplies of the quartermaster's department:
fuel, forage, straw, and stationery^ $100,000.
For incidental expenses of the quartermaster's depart-
ment: for blacksmith's and shoeing tools, horse and mule
shoes and nails, iron and steel, horse medicines, picket-
lopes, shoeing .horses, and miscellaneous, $5,000.
For transportation of supplies, transportation of clothing,
camp and gariison equipage, ordnance, subsistence, quar-
teirnaster's and medical stores; for the purchase of mules,
and the purchase and repair of wagons, and for the hire of
teamsters, ,$130,000.
For clothing, camp and garrison equipage, $50,000.
For subsistence in kind, $76,466.
For pay of the yolnnteers, $353,979 33.
For arms and their appropriate accouterments, (exclusive
of hoise equipments,) §58,946 70.
Sec . — Jlnd be it further enacted, That the money here-
by appropriated, orany part thereof, shall not be withdrawn
from the Treasury unless the President of theUnited States
shall be of opinion that the exigencies of the public service
in Texas requiie the calling out of the regiment as afore-
said.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question on the amendment?
Mr. PIALE. Before the vote is taken, I should
like to inquire, for information, what is the pro-
vision of the law for raising this regiment in re-
gard to its perpetuity.
Mr. WIGFALL. I will state to the Senator
that the act of April 7, 1858, provides that this
regiment may be callcd into scrvice for eighteen j
months, unless soonerdismissed by the President.
It is to lie mustered into service under the arti- '
e'es of war, and to be subject, as any rpgiment of !
regulars is, to the control of the Government, and j
may be dismissed at any time that the public
emergencies would justify it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Texas.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. The bill includes an appropria-
tion for the West Point Academy, does it not?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. HALE. Well, as I am equally opposed
to both, and I do not care about fighting this any
longer, I wish to vote against the whole bill.
Air. FESSENDEN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, to insert, as a new section:
Jlnd he it further enacfeU, That the term of study at the
Webt Point Academy shalUie, and the same is hereby, fixed
at foui years. ~
The object of the amendment is simply to de-
fine by law how long the term of study snail be.
It is perfectly well known that one Secretary puts
it at four years, and then changes it to five; and
another—I do not know who, but the change has
been made lately—puts it back to four, and again
to five; and so it moves around. I do not know
what object is intended to be accomplished by it;
but it struck me as highly proper that the term of
study should be defined by law and perfectly un-
derstood. I have heard, from very good author-
ity, that the officers of the institution think that
the term should be four years. They are satisfied
with that; and that being the case, and believing
them to bo the best judges, I think we had better
fix this matter, in order that those who go there
to obtain an education shall not be subject to have
the time changed contrary to their expectations
when they entered. I believe feur years is long
enough.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not know where the Senator
derives the information of frequent changes. I
have heard of but one. Within my knowledge of !
the Academy, which goes back a great many j
years, I know of but one change, and that was to i
add a year. {
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the Senator is I
mistaken.
Mr. DAVIS. It is true that the subject has
been under contemplation to reduce the term again
to four years, but it has not been done. It is also
true that a board is now examining the programme 1
of studies. What conclusions they will reach,
how far they may propose to change the pro-
gramme of studies, or what alterations they may
suggest, I do not know. I do not think the boarc!
of officers have yet reached any conclusion. I
should think it unfortunate, under the.se circum-
stances, to fix the period by law; but if it were
proper to fix the period at all, I should then pro-
f ose to fixit at the period which is no w established.
nstead of attempting to change it by law, which
is to change all the programme ®f studies of the
institution, I would prefer to fix it at the term
which now exists. If there is any fear of such
vacillation as to disturb the efficiency of the Acad-
emy, then let it be fixed at the existing term. I
believe it is better than four years.
Whilst the subject is Before us, I will say to
the Senate the question is one which may be stated
very simply and in a very small space. It is
whether you will throw open the Academy to the
competition of all classes of boys in our country
or not. If those having the least advantages in
early life, those born beneath an unfriendly star,
whose poverty has not permitted them to acquire
the preliminary instruction at home, are to enter
the Academy at all, it must be upon a very low
standard of acquirement, if you adopt the pres-
ent Iqw standard, then it is quite clear you cannot
teach all that it is proposed to teach in the Acad-
emy within the period of four years. If you raise
the standard so as to bring them into the Academy
with the preparation which would enable them to
enter a college or the equivalent of it, they can
complete the course very readily in four years.
If the Senate think proper to reduce those who may
be admitted into the Academy to such as have had
considerable preliminary instruction at some other
place, I see no objection then to reduce the term.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would like to ask the
Senator forhowmany years since the establishment
of the Academy the term has been five years ?
Mr. DAVIS. I think this is about the sixth year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. By whom was the change
made ?
Mr. DAVIS. It was made while I was Secre-
tary of War.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Has it not been changed
back since?
Mr, DAVIS. There has been some confusion
about it. There was once a programme of stud-
ies sent on to reduce it to four years, but the pro-
gramme was not accepted. The term remained,
consequently, at five years.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to ask the
Senator if there has not been some recent change,
if the term has not been changed from five to foui
years, and then from four to five years, within
verv short time ?
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have heard that fro*
members of the Academy.
Mr. DAVIS. I think I can understand per
fectly why these questions are asked me. Cadet
have believed that the course was reduced to fou
years, from rumors at the Academy, and then tha
it was restored to live years atasubsequent period
by order of the Secretary; but the professor?
could not reduce the term; they could only-pre-
sent a programme. It is, I believe, also true that
they altered some of the studies under the expec-
tation that that programme would be adopted; but
it was not adopted; the course remains as it was
before; the term is five years^ It is known to
Senators generally that the several studies, as pre-
scribed for the four years, were deemed very
laborious, and that several boards of visitors rec-
ommended a modification so as to reduce the num-
ber of dismissals, considering it thus evinced that
the course was overtasking the intellect of those
who were admitted into the Academy. It is also
known to every one who has taken any interest
in the subject, that certain studies were excluded,
particularly those of a practical military charac-
ter, and the additional year was necessary for the
introduction of these additional studies. We must
either send them into the Army without the edu-
cation which it is deemed proper they should
have, or we must raise the standard of admission,
or we must keep up the term to its present period
of five years.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not know how many
years this new arrangement had been operating
with reference to the five year term. 1 had the
impiession it was made under the Senator from
