1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
you make us believe it in the face of these acts ?
Do you think you can persuade us to credit your
assertions, when I ask you here to condemn, to
disapprove, in any terms yo.u may please, these
acts of your Legislatures, and you sit mute, and,
by your silence, acknowledge that they express
your principles and your sentiments ? Where is
the Senator on that side of the Chamber, who, if
summoned by a legally authorized officer of the
Government, either State or Federal, to assist in
the recapture or the rendition of a fugitive slave,
would do so ? I venture to say there is not one—
not one. Yea, your Legislatures have gone even
further. The Legislature of Michigan has made
it a penal offense to carry a slave within the limits
of that State, and I believe the same is true of the
State of New Hampshire. Yet the Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Chandler,] the other day, pro-
tested that he was in favor of observing all the
obligations of the Federal Constitution. I ask
him to say whether he condemns the action of the
party to which he belongs in the Legislature of
Michigan, within a few years past, by which they
have nullified the fugitive slave act and rendered
it a penal offense to carry a slave even within the
limits of the State. He says nothing. He admits,
by his silence, his approbation of this legislation.
The Senator from Wisconsin tells us of his
party, speaking for his party, that:
" As I understand it, we stand here as equals and breth-
ren, the "representatives of equal and sovereign States,
bound to maintain the Government of the United States,
the Constitution of the United States, and the laws of the
United States which are enacted in pursuance of the Con-
stitution. As individual members of the Senate, we are
bound, by our oath to the Constitution of the United States,
to maintain that Constitution, and to maintain the laws
which are enacted in pursuance of it, and to maintain them
at all hazards and against all enemies, no matter whether
they come from abroad or whether they exist at home."
And, notwithstanding I show him that the mem-
bers of his party are the enemies of that Consti-
tution, and the violators of the laws of the United
States—that they have violated them Under the
solemn adjuration of an oath to support them, by
their legislation—he, by his silence, approves these
violations. He does not dare get up and rebuke
his party. He does not dare, with all his pro-
fessed devotion to the Union and the Constitution,
to raise his voice in their behalf.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Alabama yield?
Mr. CLAY. Certainly.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire not to enter now
into a discussion of the question, but simply to
state to the honorable Senator from Alabama that
the Constitution of the United States, construed
properly, gives to the Congress of the United
States no power to pass a fugitive slave law. The
Constitution of the United States simply inhibits
the States from discharging from service the fugi-
tive who may be held by the laws of the State
from which he escapes. I shall not now enter
into the discussion; but at a proper time and on a
proper occasion, I am willing to do so.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I shall enter into no
constitutional argument with the Senator respect-
ing the fugitive slave act of 1850, or that of 1703;
but his Legislature has never passed any act for
the rendition of fugitive slaves, and will the Sen-
ator say here that he would advise his Legislature,
in the absence of any congressional legislation
upon the subject, to pass a law for the punish-
ment of stealmg or robbery of our negroes, and
providing for their rendition? Would he advise
his party and the people of the State he repre-
sents, to pass such an act? He, too, is silent. Ho
would not do it. What a bare mockery of our
rights, what a sheer pretense of regard for your
constitutional obligations, to tell us that you will
violate the fugitive slave law because you do not
regard it as constitutional, and yet, at the same
time, admit that you will pass no act by your
State Legislatures to maintain that Constitution
and to vindicate our rights, solemnly guarantied
byyour fathers and ours in that instrument!
Thus I show that, by your avowed sentiments,
by your professed principles, and by the acts of
your party, wherever you have obtained power
within your States, you evince your hatred of
slaveholding and slaveholders. Why should you
get up and express your abhorrence of the crime
of John Brown? Why should you endeavor to
exculpate your party from any complicity, jsither
in act or in intention or in principle, with John
Brown, when, on the platform which you flaunt
in bitter mockery and raillery in our faces, you
denounce the. institution of slavery as a crime de-
serving the execration of all Christian and civilized
people? Would you receive Brigham Youngand
his followers as your equals in social life? Do
you think that he is entitled even to the civilities
and courtesies that are due between gentlemen?
You cannot say that you do; and yet you damn
us to everlasting infamy, together with him, by
your platform, which you avow is the exponent
of the principles of your party. I repeat, then,
how can you expect us to affiliate with you, or
to feel any of that fraternal love which is the spirit
of this Union, and without which it cannot long
exist, when you proclaim to the world, without
hesrtation, your abhorrence of our institutions and
your hatred of us? Do you think that we are
more or less than men; that we are devoid of the
sensibilities of human nature; that we have no
pride of honor, no pride of State, no pride of an-
cestry? If you do not, why mock us with your
professions of fraternal love and respect, and chide
us for not reciprocating those sentiments?
The root of all this evil is in the antagonism of
principle and sentiment that cannot be reconciled
if you speak what you mean and believe. You
proclaim by your platform and maintain by your
legislation the equality of the negro with the white
man in social and political rights. You nevercan
impress the non-slaveholders of the South with
that idea. They do not, and never can, believe
that the negro is the equal of the white man.
They know that ho is not their equal by nature,
and was not made or declared their equal by the
Constitution of the United States. They believe
that slavery is the normal condition of the negro.
They have unanswerable reasons for that belief.
The history of the aboriginal negro in Africa, of
the freed negro in the West Indies, in Liberia, in
your own States, as well as in ours, attests the
correctness of this opinion. Look at your own
statistics; look at the records of your poor-houses
and prison-houses, and what do they establish ?
That free-negrodom is the synonym of poverty,
destitution, pauperism, viciousness, crime, dis-
ease, and death!
I repeat, the root of the evil is your assertion
of the equality of the negro with the white man.
The fruits of it are your platform pledge to pro-
hibitslavery in the Territories of the United States,
You promise to go no further in your platform;
but the. logical and necessary sequence of that
pledge and the principles you avow is to prohibit
slavery wherever the Federal Government has
exclusive jurisdiction—whenever you get the
power. There is not a Senator, except, perhaps,
the Senator from Illinois, who spoke the other
day ,who belongs to the Ilepubl ican party ,who will
say here, in our presence, that if he had the power
in both Houses of Congress, and by the aid of the
chief executive of his party, he would not favor
passing an act abolishing slavery in the Territo-
ries, if it existed there, and prohibiting slavery
in all the Territories of the United States. If
there is one, let him now speak. Not one of yeu
but is pledged by your platform to prohibit and
abolish slavery in all the Territories of the United
States. Such was your avowed purpose in the
canvass of 1856; and such is'your purpose this
day, although you may not avow it. You pro-
claim that it is not only the right, but that it is
the duty of Congress, to prohibit in the Territo-
ries " those twin relics of barbarism, polygamy
and slavery." Wow, I submit, if you feel bound
by your respect for the laws of God, which arc
violated, as you allege, by the institution of sla-
very, by your respect for the Federal Constitu-
tion, which you swore to support—the primary
object and ulterior design of which you say was
to secure liberty to all men within exclusive Fed-
eral jurisdiction—how can you escape the obliga-
tion, or neglect your duty to abolish slavery in the
District of Columbia, whenever you can get the
power? Many of you have declared a purpose
to do so; and your great leader, Mr. Seward,
has once offered a bill to carry out that purpose.
Is there one of you who will say that Congress
possesses greater power over the Territories of
the United States than over the District of Co-
lumbia? Not one, I presume. Why are you
not equally pledged to abolish it in all the forts,
arsanals, dockyards—wherever the Federal flag;
floats and excludes State jurisdiction ? If faithful
to the principles you profess, if you would cSrry
them out to their logical and necessary result, you
must do it. How could you, in 'view of ttii's plat-
form, give any countenance; or protection to
slavery upon the high seas? Suppose a'vessel
filled with negroes from the port of Charleston
should sail for the port of Galveston, in Texas*
and it should be seized by a British or French
man-of-war, and all the slaves should be confis-
cated, is there one of you who would, as a last
resort, redress our wrongs by war ? Is thefe pne.,
who would be willing even to claim and insist oil
recompense for our property through our foreign
minister at either of those courts ? I ^ause for ft
reply. Not one! We have instances to attest
that your party will not seek indemnity for our
losses of such property anywhere, of any State
or nation, under any circumstances.
Well, Senators, what does this all illustrate
and evidence ? That the declaration of Governor
Chase is a frank though perhaps impolitic avowal
of the common sentiment of your party, that you
hate slaveliolding and slaveholders, and that so
intense and bitter is your hatred that you will not
observe the solemn obligations of the Constitu-
tion to protect their property and maintain their
constitutional rights. Then, if your party obtain
power, and you can control the legislation of this
Government by a dominant majority in the House
of Representatives and Senate, and by a chief .
executive officer, what are we of the South to
expect ? Why, that you will denounce sentence
of outlawry against slaveholders wherever they
go beyond the limits of the slaveholding States;
that if they dare venture upon the high seas, in
a non-slaveholding State, in the Territories, in the
District of Columbia, in any fort, arsenal, or dock-
yard in the United States, it must be at the peril
of their property and their lives. You condemn
them to eternal quarantine within the limits of,
the slaveholding States. And what is your pur-
pose in doing this ?
The Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Coixamer,]
whom I respect for his intelligence, his personal
integrity, and his high bearing, avowed what that
purpose is—and it has been declared by other Sen-
ators of your party—when he said that the policy
of the northern people, in inhibiting the spread of
slavery in the Territories, was its ultimate exter-
mination. To quote his exact language, he paid
the northern people believe " that the more it is
circumscribed the less is it productive, and the
sooner will be emancipation." Then, forewarned
as we are that the purpose of your party is the
ultimate extermination of slavery-
Mr. COLLAMER. Wil' '
me to interrupt him?
Mr. CLAY. Certainly.
Mr. COLLAMER. I take it the gentleman
understands, from the very terms which he has
quoted as beingmine, that emancipation would bo
the act of the southern people themselves.
Mr. CLAY. Exactly.
Mr. COLLAMER. Not that we desire eman-
cipation in any other way than by the iict of tho
people who are themselves the owners of the
slaves.
Mr. CLAY. I read what the Senator said.
Now, the Senator disclaims, and I believe he
honestly and sincerely disclaims for himself, any
purpose to assail that institution within the States
by an attempt to abolish slavery by congressional
act. I acquit him of any such purpose as that.
Mr.COLL AM ER. Itccrtainly implies nothing
of that kind—nothing but emancipation by the
masters themselves, like manumission, sending it
from the hand. _
Mr. CLAY. But the idea announced by the
Senator, and expressed in the speech from which
I have quoted, is that if you will circumscribe
slavery and confine it within narrow limits, by
the increase of that people the time must soon
arrive when they will cease to be a source of profit
to the master, and when they will be a tax upon
him; and he will, therefore, be constrained, in self-
defense, to emancipate his slaves. That is their
mode of achieving the same object which is avowed
by the Abolitionists, and the only difference be-
tween them is in the manner of the act. Both
have the same will and purpose. The one goes
to it directly by trampling on the Constitution,
and by exerting all the powers of the Federal Gov-
ernment to effect it; the other proposes only to
abuse and pervert those Federal powers, by ex-
