1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the Private Calendar. It relates exclusively to
the business of the people of the Territory, and
not to the business of the people of any State.
Mr. GROW. If this bill be considered underthis
special order, we may have added, as an amend-
ment, a bill to pay the Indian war debt of Oregon
and Washington.
Mr. REAGAN. If that proposition were made,
the gentleman's question would then properly
arise, but it is not made; and this bill considered
on its own merits is strictly territorial business.
I repeat that it relates to the business of the peo-
ple of a Territory; it provides for an investigation
into spoliations committed upon the citizens of
that Territory; and it would seem strange if such
a bill could not be placed upon the territorial
Calendar:
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks this
bill ought not to be upon the Private Calendar, as
it relates to a large class of ■ claimants; but the
Chair also thinks that it is not properly territorial
business. It is true the claim arises in a Terri-
tory, but it does not arise under the government
of that Territory, and therefore is not properly
territorial business.
Mr. REAGAN. Let me ask the Chair if noth-
ing is regarded as territorial business which does
not arise under a territorial organization ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
this bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. OTERO. I cannot allow this bill to have
that reference without saying something on the
subject. I am particularly interested in this mat-
ter. I say it is a territorial bill, beyond all ques-
tion . It relates to nothing else except theTerntory
of New Mexico. I want gentlemen to examine
the bill, and ascertain for themselves whether
there is anything in it, except what pertains to
the citizens of New Mexico. It is absolutely ter-
ritorial business, and nothing else. When terri-
torial bills are reported from committees, they are
referred to a Committee of the Whole House 011
the Private Calendar; but it is not until you as-
sign special days'for the consideration of territo-
rial business, that you place those bills upon the
territorial Calendar. During the Thirty-Fourth
Congress, a law was passed authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Interior to examine into those claims.
That law can Be found in the bill which passed
that Congress to defray the expenses of the In-
terior Department.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order. The
gentleman is debating the merits of this bill. There
is a good deal of business upon the Calendar, and
I hope we shall have no discussion out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The pomt of order is well
taken. Does the gentleman from New Mexico
appeal from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. OTERO. No, sir, I would not upon any
question whatever; but I really did think, after
we had abolished slavery in New Mexico, the
other side of the House would help me. [Laugh-
tel'^ LANDS IN NEBRASKA.
A bill (H. R. No. 701) granting lands in alter-
nate sections to Nebraska Territory, to aid in the
construction of railroads therein.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I raise the same point of
order in reference to this bill, as was raised in
reference to the preceding one.
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the Chair,
this bill also comes within the same rule. Ter-
ritorial business relates to the organization or
government of a Territory. That is the only fixed
rule upon the subject.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. This same question
of order was raised the other day, when that
bill was reported from the committee, and the
Speaker, after full discussion and argument, de-
cided that it related to territorial business, and was,
legitimately, territorial business. I tlunk it has
been so decided ever since I have had the honor
of being a member of this House.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I raise the point of order that
this question is not debatable.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. The gentleman has
no right to make a point of order when I am upon
the floor upon a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has a right
to take an appeal, and discuss the question upon
that appeal.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I intend to take an
appeal, and I shall do so after I have made the
few remarks I desire to submit. This bill pro-
vides for a grant of land to Nebraska, to aid 'in
the construction of a railroad therein; and it is just
such a bill as has been passed for every State and
every Territory in this Union. It was decided,
only day before yesterday, by the Speaker, to be
legitimately territorial business, and it was placed
upon the Calendar upon that decision, and if I
had had any intimation that this point would be
raised, I have no doubt I could have brought au-
thorities to show that such bills have always been
so considered.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman from Indiana that he is mistaken in" regard
to the question decided by the Speaker of this
House. The point upon that bill was made, I
believe, by myself, when it was reported from the
committee, but the point was directed to the com-
mittee which reported the bill. Reports were called
for upon territorial business, and the Speaker
decided, that as this bill related to a Territory,
therefore, it was in order for the committee to re-
port it. The point made here is, that it is not
properly upon this Calendar, and that it does not
come within the special order of the House.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. My motion was, that
it should be placed upon the territorial Calender,
only day before yesterday, and it was decided by
the Speaker that it properly went upon that Cal-
endar. There is no misundcretandmgas to what
the Speaker decided, and if the Chair adheres to
his ruling, I take an appeal.
The CHAIRMAN.' The Chair decides that
the pending bill is not properly a tenitonal bill,
as it does not relate to the government and organ-
ization ofa Territory.
The question was taken, " Shall the decision of
theChair stand as the judgment of the committee ?"
and it was decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, and
the bill was passed over.
MILITARY ROAD IN NEW JIEXICO.
A bill (H. II. No. 200) making appropriations
for the completion of the military road from Fort
Union to Santa Fe, in New Mexico.
Mr. CLARK, of Mi®ouri. I raise the point
in reference to that bill, that it is upon the wrong
Calendar. It provides for a military road 111 a
Territory, and rests precisely upon the ground of
the other bill, which has been ruled to be im-
properly upon this Calendar.
'I he CHAIRMAN. The erection of a military
road is part of the government, and is for the
benefit of the government; and therefore the
Chair overrules the point of order.
The bill, which was read, appropriates §35,000
for the completion of the military road from Fort
Union to Santa Fe, in New Mexico.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
MILITARY ROADS IN WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
A bill (T-T. R. No. 702) making appropriations
for the construction of military roads iWthe Ter-
ritory of Washington.
The bill appropriates the following sums, to be
expended, under the direction of the War Depart-
ment, in the construction of the following-named
military roads in the Territory of Washington:
From Fort Benton to Walla-Walla, the sum of
$100,000; from Steilacoom to Fort Vancouver, the
sum of $10,000, to be expended exclusively 011
that portion between Cowlitz river and Monticello.
Mr. BRANCH. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Washington Territory how much
money this Government has appropriated already
for the construction of military roads 111 the Ter-
ritory of Washington.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. The amount
of money appropriated for that purpose, during a
period of seven years, averages about twenty-five
thousand dollars a year, making $175,000 111 all.
I may be inaccurate to the extent of $10,000, pos-
sibly; but that is nearly the amount.
Mr. BRANCH. Then, in the course of eight
years, we will have appropriated for the construc-
tion of roads in one of our Territories $285,000.
Now, sir, this question has been repeatedly dis-
cussed since I have been in Congress, and I do
not propose to go at large into it now. 1
this House is prepared to pass this bill, and all
similar bills which are presented to the commit-
tee, which give bounties to the Territories at the
expense of the people of the whole Union. I wish
to call attentioa to the fact of the extravagance
and expense we are going into for the Territories.
We call these military roads. Aceording to my
understanding of what a military road was
amongst that people from whom we derive • the
name—the Romans I mean—it was a road made by
the troops in the field. Those magnificent work®,
which have stood the test of time, stood under
the decaying influence of the elements, as endur-
ing monuments of the "knowledge and mechan-
ical skill of that people, were constructed by the
troops. They literally cut their roads to meet the
enemy, as well as to whip them when they got
to them. It is a new construction you put upon
the phrase " military road" when you appropri-
ate money out of the Treasury in order to con-
struct roads for the troops to find the enemy.
■The system is running into a degree of extrava-
gance which the people must soon begin to feel
in their Treasury. .
They are not military roads, but commercial
roads, constructed for the beneiitof the settlers of
those new Territories, under the pretense that
they are making roads over which we can pursue
the Indian tribes hostile to us. We are taking it
upon ourselves to construct roads for the benefit
of the settlers in those Territories. The people
of the old States, and of the new States, too, are
required to make roads for themselves; and, in
addition to that, to make roads for settlers out of
the public Treasury. I repeat, I know it is use-
less to make any attempt to check this system.
The only pretense upon which we could with any
justice have embarked in this expenditure was,
that the Government owned the land, and it might
be necessary to make a few great highways to
enable settlers to reach those lands and bring them
into market.. But now we are about to appropri-
ate all the lands. We are about to give them to
whoever chooses to take possession of them.
There can no longer be that pretense to urge why
the Government should take upon itself this large
expenditure. I, for one, shall vote against the
bill and against all similar bills, although I have
no hope they will be defeated.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I desire to say
one word with reference to this matter. These
appropriations have been most urgently recom-
mended by the War DepartmeKt. It is not, as my
friend from North Carolina says, for the benefit of
commerce or for the benefitof settlers; but because
our troops now need these very roads for their
movements and operations. There is now in the
hands of the Military Committee an emphatic rec-
ommendation from the War Department for these
roads, and an emphatic recommendation from
General Harney, urging both these appropriations
as a military necessity now existing. General
Harney states in his report that the $110,000 rec-
ommended for the road from Cowlitz river to the
Monticello should have been expended before,
and that it is required now to have the road to
move the troops. The Secretary of War has sent
over to Oregon a detachment of troops—three hun-
dred in number—who have to be moved over this
incomplete military road from Fort Benton to
Walla-Walla. It is not urged as a commercial
road, but as a road required by the military ne-
cessity at present existing.
Mr. HATTON. I would like the gentleman
to state how many troops we have now in Wash-
ington Territory.'
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I will give a
1 ittlo larger compass to it, because this is not sim-
ply a road for Washington Territory, but also for
Oregon; and we have two thousand troops in the
department at Oregon, to whom this road is a
channel of communication with the States.
Mr. HATTON. I propose to ask the gentle-
man the length of the road to be constructed?
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. The length
of the road is some five hundred miles from the
open waters of the Missouri river to the Columbia
river.
Mr. HATTON. Then it is proposed to appro-
priate $110,000 to enable these troops to make
this trip. That is the effect of it, as I understand it.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. 1 spoke of
this road as an incomplete road, and I said the
War Department urged that it should be com-
pleted, so as to make it, properly speaking, a
military road, not a mere summer trail.
