1144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14;
Legitimate purpose and object to set themselves
about. ' . t.
- Tliere is something curious about this, Mr.
President. The act which has been referred to
was passed on the 7th of April. 1858—nearly two
years ago. It was passed in view of an existing
emergency. It provided—
"That the President of the United States beaothorized
to receive into the service of the United States one regi-
ment of Texas mounted volunteers, to be raised and organ-
ized by the State of Texas, for the defense and protection
iSf the frontier therein." ••
That which was temporary in its purpose, and
tp continue, when the act was passed buteighteen
iqo.nths, has been, unexecuted by the President,
from that day to this. The eighteen months have
expired long ago; and now we propose to raise
this new regiment, just exactly as if the emer-
gency upon which it was authorized now ex-
isted.
, If Texas requires everything the gentlemen say
—and I am not going to gainsay it—I want to
know if twenty-six hundred of the Federal troops
now there are not sufficient? And if, in the
opinion of the lieutenant general, a sufficient num-
ber of other Federal troops cannot be ordered
there, then I am willing to give a regiment of
Texas mounted volunteers. But, sir, I do not
believe that the exigencies of the service there, re-
quire this particular kind of force. 'Yet, I will
not obtrude my own opinion on the Senate. I
am willing to rely on the opinion of the lieutenant
general. I suppose nobody will impeach his
judgment or his patriotism or his entire integrity
in the opinion thathe will give, if he is called upon
by this amendment which I propose, to give one.
I simply want to say that if, in the opinion of a
man perfectly competent to give it, this regiment
is not wanted, we will' not, at this time, put our
hands into the Federal Treasury, and take out
$1,000,000 a year, for the purpose of sending this
regiment out, when it is not necessary. That is
oil that I mean by the amendment. I do not de-
sire to argue it. I simply content myself with
asking for the yeas and nays.
Mr. "WILSON. I have no doubt, sir, .that
there is a general feeling in the Senate and in the
country, that the expenses of the Army have
been very large; but I find, on examination, that
the Army is stationed in nearly one hundred and
thirty posts scattered over the country, and in
very small numbers at each post. There are in
the department of the West, comprising Minne-
sota, Nebraska, and Kansas, eight military sta-
tions, with two thousand two hundred and eight
men. I suppose that those troops are necessary
there, and that those familiar with that country
do not propose to withdraw them. In the de-
partment of New Mexico there are fourteen mil-
itary posts and two thousand and ninety-six men;
in the department of Utah, two military posts and
two thousand nine hundred and nineteen men; in
the department of Oregon, fourteen posts and two
thousand three hundred and fifty-three men; in
the department of California, fourteen posts and
one thousand two hundred and seventy men.
Here, sir, in the Territories of the United States,
in seventy-six military posts, are nearly thirteen
thousand men, scattered over a vast expanse of
Territory, and I suppose that those who have
stationed those troops understand the wants of
those vast sections of our country.
Now, it is said that the troops from these dis-
tant portions of our Territories cannot be placed
at once upon the banks of the Rio Grande for the
defense of the State of Texas. I have reflected
somewhat on this subject, and have made up my
mind to vote for the proposition to raise this regi-
ment. I do not like to disagree with those with
whom I commonly concur; but, in my judgment,
wo need all the care of the Government of this
country to keep out of a controversy with Mex-
ico. I do not say that we arc drifting into a war
with Mexico; but I believe it will require the watch-
ful care of every department of this Government
to keep out of a war. The Governor of Texas
has sent a communication here which I think
amounts to just this—no more, and no less: that
there have been invasions of the State of Texas
which will not be submitted to; that if the Fed-
eral Government will take the matter in hand, and
send troops there, or raise this regiment of volun-
teers, and protect that State against the Mexicans
and against the Indians, the authorities of Texas
will take no action; but if you decline to do so,
they can draw out ten thousand men in a few
weeks, and he will take the responsibility of do-
ing it. I believe that, if he does it, he will cross
the river, and carry out an idea which wc all know
he entertains, of extending over Mexico ax pro-
tectorate, or conquering that country. Wc may,
therefore, by voting- down this proposition, in-
volve the country in a war; and I think it the part
of prudence, of safety, of peace, of humanity, to
raise this regiment, and take, ourselves, the con-
trol of-the affairs of that frontier.
It is said the Governor can call out troops, and
we shall have to pay for them. I do not want the
Governor to call out the troops, or to have the
command of them. I want the Government of
this country, with all the responsibilities that de-
volve upon it, to take care of this boundary ques-
tion, and to take care of this question concerning
the Indians; and I would rather trust this force
under the Government of the whole country, than
under the government of the people living on the
frontiers—a people who regard the lives of In-
dians as of little more value than the lives of a
horde of buffaloes that range over the prairie.
Why, sir, we have, in the annual report of the
Secretary of the Interior, a statement of the action
of a portion of the people of that State in regard
to the Indians placed upon a reservation. First,
they demanded the removal of the Indians. After
the Government, under their pressure, decided
that they should be removed, then they said they
should not be removed; and when they were re-
moved, and the Indian agent returned, he-was
murdered. We all know that on these frontiers,
North or South, in any part of this country, there
is a hostile feeling between the frontier settlers and
the Indians; and I would rather trust the Army,
and the officers of the Army, and the Government
of the whole country, than trust the people who
live on the frontiers, to manage and control these
matters. For these reasons I shall vote for the
appropriation of seven hundred and odd thousand
dollars for the support of this regiment. The
President will take the responsibility of calling
it into service, if it is needed. I shall do it be-
cause I want to preserve the peace of the country,
and to take every precaution necessary for that
purpose.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I have listened
to the Senator from Massachusetts, as I always
do, with pleasure, but he gives utterance to the
strangest logic that I ever heard in my life. The
Senator says ho does not want to trust this mat-
ter to the inhabitants of Texas, the frontiersmen;
that they do not regard the lives of Indians more
than they do buffaloes; and therefore he is going
to vote for this bill. What does this bill do? It
puts a regiment of these very mounted Texas
volunteers on to those buffaloes and Indians. I
want to send the regular Army there. I want to
send forces there ofK^-ed and commanded by
our own men, subject to Federal authority, and
subject to the rules and articles of war. But the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts is afraid
to trust the Texans to manage this matter, and
wants the Army to do it, and therefore he will
not have the Army, but lie will vote for a regi-
ment of Texas mounted volunteers " to be raised
and organized by the State of Texas, and for the
defense of the frontier," and all the officers of
this regiment of Texas volunteers arc to be com-
missioned under the authority of this very State
of Texas, that he says ho is afraid will run over
into Mexico and involve us in a war!
Well, sir, I yield to his fears; but how does he
reconcile this argument with sending to the frontier
a regiment raised by Texas under the authority
of that very Governor of Texas whom he is afraid
to trust ? rle allows him to raise a regiment, offi-
cered by Texas, accountable to Texas, and not
accountable to us; he is for sending them there
in this critical state of affairs, while I want to
send the Federal Army, officered by Federal offi-
cers, and subject to Federal control; and, that wo
may not be mistaken or misled in this matter, I
want the judgment of the highest military officer
in this land on the subject—an officer in whose
judgment and integrity and skill and discretion I
presume everybody lias the most unlimited con-
fidence. If the Senator is afraid to trust the Gov-
ernor of Texas, why on earth does he not come
over and agree with us and send the Federal forces
there, and, if ho has not all the confidence he
might have in the discretion of the Governor of
Texas, repose in the discretion of the lieutenant •
general ?
Now, sir, with all my respect for the Senator,
I am obliged to meet his arguments as they strike
my mind; and it does not follow, because you
have great respect for a man, that you are bound
to respect his arguments, particularly when they
strike you as a little absurd, as they do me in this
instance. I declare that, on this subject, I do feel,
and feel deeply. What is the use of continually
strengthening the military arm of this Govern-
ment? I do not desire a reduction of the Army,
as the honorable Senator from Mississippi said,
at this time and on this occasion. I do desire it;
for I know that we have got more than four times
as many as we need; but the difficulty is, that,
whenever wc have an actual occasion to use them,
we always want to increase. It would seem, ac-
cording to the logic of gentlemen, that we want
about twenty thousand men under arms, at an
expense of about twenty million dollars a year, to
do nothing; and when there is something to do,
we must have an extra supply and some extraor-
dinary force raised.
But, sir, I see it is idle to contend against this.
It is going through. All the tracks are one way—
to increase the Army—and there are none back-
ward. It is not to be diminished. It will not be
diminished. All the expenses are increasing'.
Here we are now about to increase the expenses
of this Government at least $1,000,000 annually.
Gentlemen tell us these troops may be disbanded
some time. So the world may come to an end
some time; and I shall thank Divine Providence
if we ever get our Army diminished before that
event comes round; but it will never be dimin-
ished as long as you have any Federal Treasury
to spend, or Federal credit to borrow money with.
Just as long as you have that, the Army will be
increased.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire does not understand my logic. If the Sen-
ator understood the facts of the case, perhaps he
would understand my logic better. Now, sir,
the point is this: a demand is made for troops for
the defense of that frontier. If this regimentis to he
called out, it is not to be called out by the Gov-
ernor of Texas, and is not to be under his con-
trol. If it is organized and called into the field
by the United States, it will be officered, it is true,
by Texas men, but the troops will be under the
articles of war, and under the control of the com-
manding officer of the Ai my of the United States,
precisely as the regular Army is. This regiment
will become part and parcel of the Army, subject
to the control of that officer. That is the fact.
If, however, the Governor of Texas calls out
troops himself, on his own authority, they will
be under his own control, and will be marchcd
where he chooses to march them. That is the
distinction. It is because I want these troops to
be under the articles of war, and to be under the
control of the Government of the United States,
to be absolutely under the direction and control
of the commanding officer of the Texas military
department, that I prefer to make this appropri-
ation to call out these additional troops, rather
than trust to the contingencies that may arise if
we refuse it and the Governor calls for volunteers
and raises, perhaps, ten thousand men, as he
says he can do in thirty days. If he does so,
and brings them into the field under his own con-
trol, he may involve us in an expenditure of mil-
lions of dollars, and may involve us in a war with
Mexico. That is the distinction. I think it is a
"plain and clear one; and I think if the Senator
from New Hampshire will look at the facts of the
case, he will understand the reasons I have given
for this vote of mine. 'At any rate, they are sat-
isfactory to my own judgment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the motion of Mr. Half., resulted—yeas 12, nays
33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bingham, Chandler, Dixon, Durltec,
Grimes, Hale, Ilarnhn, Harlan, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trum-
bull, and Wilkinson—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Bright, Brown, Ches-
nut, Clay, Clingman, Crittenden, Davis, Douglas, Fessen-
den, Pitch, Fitzpatrick, Foster, Gwin, Hammond, Hemp-
hill, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of
Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Nicholson, Pearee, Powell,
Eiee, Slide!], Thomson, Toombs, Wigfall, Wilson, and
Yulee—33.
So the amendment was rejected.
