1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that place, reported a bill (S, No. 510) supple-
mental to an act approved March 2,1857, entitled
"An act to establish Augusta, in the State of
Georgia, a port of delivery;" which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
FORT -GRATIOT RESERVATION,
Mr. DAVIS. The Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the
memorial of the corporation and citizens of Port
Huron, Michigan, in relation to the Port Gratiot
military reserve, have instructed mc to report a
bill, which grants to them a certain portion of a
lot of land lying adjacent to the cemetery of the
city of Port Huron, under the discretion of the
Secretary of War.
The bill £S. No. 509) to grant to the city of Port
Huron, Michigan, a part of the military reserva-
tion of Fort Gratiot, for the enlargement of the
city cemetery at that place, was read the firsttirne,
Mr. KING. I asic that the bill be put upon
its passage, by unanimous consent. It will take
but a moment, and I believe there can be no ob-
jection to it.
By unanimous consent the bill was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It, proposes to require the Secretary
of War to convey to the city of Port Huron,
Michigan, of the military reserve of Fort Gratiot,
a lot, not to exceed thirty acres, to be taken frorft
the land adjoining the city cemetery, and to be
used for its enlargement, and for no other pur-
pose, so far and under such conditions and-reser-
vations as, in the opinion of the Secretary of
War, the public interest, present or prospective,
may require.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
JOEL M. SMITH-
On motion of Mr. BRAGG, the bill (H.R.No.
421) fur the relief Joel M. Smith was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
direct the proper accounting officer of the Treas-
ury to pay to Joel M. Smith a sum equal to two
per centum on ail moneys disbursed by him as
agent for paying pensions prior to February 15,
1847, and for which he may not have'received
compensation.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
"WILLIAM XELSOJf.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the Senate to take up
a little bill for consideration that will not occupy
five minutes. I move to take up Senate bill No.
508.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.No.
508) for the relief of William Nelson was read
the second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It proposes to direct the account-
ing officers of the Treasury to allow to Lieuten-
ant William Nelson, United States Navy, in the
adjustment of his accounts, the amount charged
against him for goods stolen from the United
States ship Fredonia, while under his command,
not to exceed §1,005 76.
Mr. MALLORY. The committee were unan-
imous upon the bill. A naval officer being forced
to act as purser by the Department, one of the
seamen on board stole goods. That man was
convicted of theft, and putm the penitentiary here;
but the officer has had to pay the money. The
object is to relieve him.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a tlurd reading, read the third
time, and passed.
BENJAMIN SAYRE.
Mr. FOOT. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was lefcrred the bill (H. R. No. 99) for
the relief of Benjamin Sayre, have had the same
under consideration, and directed me to report it
back, with a recommendation that it pass. It is
a bill, in the opinion of the committee, of unques-
tioned justice, long delayed; and I have then au-
thority for asking the favor of the Senate to allow
it to be put on its passage.
Mr. MTCH. This is an Indiana bill, and it \h
seldom that the people of that State trouble you
here, The claim is just; and I hope the Senate
will pass it at once.
The lull was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to direct the Secretary of the
S033
Treasury to pay to Benjamin Sayre, of Wabash
county, Indiana, $2,043, in full of his claim for
work and labor, under his contract with the Uni-
ted States, bearing date December 8,1833, in sec-
tion sixty-seven of the Cumberland road in Indi-
ana, in the division east of Indianapolis.
The bill wj\s reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed,
PROTECTION OF PROPERTY.
Mr. BRIQ-HT. I move to take up for consid-
eration the bill (S. No. 488) in relation to mali-
cious injuries to, and trespasses upon, public and
private property within the District of Columbia.
When it was reported from the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, it was objected
to by the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Hale,] whom I do not now see m his placc; but
I undei stand that, after having examined the bill,
he has withdrawn his objection. I move to take
up the bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the considera-
tion of the bill was resumed, as in Committee of
the Whole. It was reported to the Senate, or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
SALUU1A A PORT OF ENTRY.
Mr. BIGLER. The Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred House bill No. 839 to
amend an act approved the 3d day of March, 1847,
entitled "An act to establish a port of entry atSa-
luria, in the State of Texas, and far other pur-
poses," have directed me to report it back with
the recommendation that it pass; and I ask for its
present consideration.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 will state-to the Senate that
that bill only reorganizes the district. It makes
no other change than taking a man from one place
and putting him in another.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It provides
that the office of surveyor of customs of the port
of Corpus Christi, in the district of Sdluria, Texas,
be discontinued, and a deputy collector appointed
for Corpus Christi, with the same powers as the
deputy collectors at Aransas and Sabine, The
compensation of the deputy collector at Corpus
Christi is to be at the rate of $500 per annum, and
the fees prescribed by law, not to exceed, m the
aggregate, in any one year, the sum of $1,500.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
EAST WASHINGTON LIBIURY.
Mr. BROWN. There is a little bill on the
table, in reference to a library association in this
District, which has passed the House, and has
been referred to a committee here, and favorably
repotted on some time ago. I ask the Senate to
take it up and consider it now, for the reason that
the committee have proposed a very slight amend-
! ment, which is accepted, but it requires the bill to
i go back to the House,and unless we scmlitbark
1 to-night they will probably not be able to get at
| it. 1 move to take up the bill (H. R. No. 521)
to incorporate the East Washington Library As-
sociation.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BROWN. The biil need not be read. It
is the ordinary form of an act of incorporation.
The amendment only need be read.
The Secretary read the amendment of the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, which is, in
line five of section two, to strike out the words
" and elsewhere" in the following clause:
The !-ai<{ corporation shall be, by the name and st\lc
aforesaid, heieattor capable m law and equity to sue and be
sutid, t<> plead ami be impleaded, to rccovei and be iccov-
ored tionij within the Distuct of Columbia and elsewncre,
&c.
The amendment was ngreed to; and the bill was
reported to the Senate as amended,and the amend-
ment was concurred in, and ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a thiid time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
NOTICE OF A BILL,
i Mr. HEMPHILL gave notice of his intention
j to ask leave to introduce a bill to establish an ad-
ditional judicial district in the State of Texas.
MARY PRESTON.
Mr. KING. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I beg the Sen-
ator to withdraw the motion for a moment.
[" Vote it down!"]
Mr, KING. The Senate can vote it down, hut
I think it is time to adjourn.
Mr, JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I beg the Sen-
ator not to make the proposition now until 1 can
have a bill taken up which was under discussion
to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion to
adjourn is not debatable.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I may be al-
lowed, by the courtesy of the Senator from New
York, to say a word or-two. There was a prop-
osition pending to-day in regard to -
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Wilson
in the chair.) The motion is not debatable, ex-
cept by unanimous consent.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It will be
granted. 1 am sure that what I ask will he con-
ceded at once. 1 desire to pass a bill for the re-
lief of the widow of a man who was one of the
most extraordinary that we have ever h$d in the
service of the United States.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to adjourn.
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion—aves 8, noes *21.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is not a
€juorum voting.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. But the Senate
refuses to adjourn, and 1 beg to submit my mo-
tion. The Senator from Iowa [Mr, Grimes] pre-
sented here to-day, and it was debated, the case
of the widow of Sergeant Preston, who ^pftes
for a pension. It is the most extraordinary case
that has occurred for a long time, or that ever oc-
curred in the scrvice of the United States. Mr.
Preston was in the Army for a long continued
series ofy ears, and his services were extraordinary
in their character. The bill was reported favor-
ably. The circumstances were spoken of by the
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] who in
his early days—and they are very distant, I as-
surcyou, [laughter;] I do not mean to say that
he is old, but it is a long time ago—served with
this man and knows what his services were, I
ask that that bill shall be taken up. I do not think
there will lie any considerable debate; butl desire
that there may be afforded some evidence of the
gratitude of this country in the shape of a pension,
which a very desperate Committee on Pensions
has reported in favor of this widow.
Mr. KING. There is no quorum here, and I
object to taking up the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas- We can take
the vote by yeas and nays, and thus discover how
many are present. I ask that the bill be taken
"}The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
fiom Arkansas moves to take up Senate bill No.
291, for the relief of Mary Preston, widow of
George Preston.
The question being taken, there were—ayes
twenty-seven, noes none.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A quorum has ,
not voted.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is very obvious that we can
no longer do business here. We have no quorum.
I move to adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Senator
from Georgia has not got his heart in this mat-
Mr. TOOMBS. We tried your bill twice.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Yes; and the
Senator tried to defeat it every time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest that the motion is not debatable.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I shall insist
on this case being heard.
Mr. GREEN. 1 raise a question of order that
the Senator from Arkansas had called for theyeas
and nays before the motion to adjourn was made;
and while that call for the yeas and nays was
pending on the motion to adjourn, the floor could
not be taken from him by anybody.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair did
not so understand.
Mr. TOOMBS. Does the Senator say that,
before the roll is called, we cannot move an ad-
journment ?
Mr. GREEN. There was a call for the yeas
and nays; and nothing is in order until it is de*-
tcrmincd whether the yeas and nays shall be taken
or not.
