1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, I am inclined to
think that the course of instruction at the Mili-
tary Academy ought to be fixed at four years:
and, with a view of having the sense of the Sen-
ate upon that question, I renew the amendment
which was offered by the Senator from Maine, to
add to the bill, as an additional section:
Jlnd be it further enartei, That the term of study at the
West Point Academy shall he, and the same is hereby,
fixed at four years.
I dislike very much to oppose the views of the
Senator from Mississippi, who has had great ex-
perience in relation to the Academy, and also in
the service of the country; and I have very great
respect for his opinions; but I have spent por-
tions of several summers at West Point, and I
have noticed the course of instruction, the char-
acter of the Academy, and the attainments of the
young men constituting the corps of cadets, and I
am satisfied myself that there are many good rea-
sons why the course should be fixed at four years.
First, tliatis a sufficient time for any young man
who is fit for the service to prepare himself for
the duties of a soldier. It is a sufficient time for
him to obtain such information as was contem-
plated when the Academy was established; and I
think I may say that the world has not produced
finer soldiers than many of those who graduated
at West Point under the four years' term.
There is another reason why it should be re-
stricted to four years. It is that the Academy at
present does not afford a sufficient number of
graduates for the service. We are making citizen
appointments every now and then. The object
of the Academy was to prepare young men for
the Army. By keeping the course at five years,
you are not able to educate the same number that
would graduate under a four years' course; and,
m fact, there were not enough graduated under
the four years'course. Then, why should we
deprive the country of the servicc of those addi-
tional officers who would bo properly prepared
under a four years' term? I believe—I do not
speflk certainly; I leave it to the Senator from
Mississippi to say—that ordinarily, less than half
the cadets who enter the school graduate. A five
years' term is too long.
If the standard of preparation is not right, let it
be raised. The board of examination call'raise
it, and require such a course of preparation as will
enable young men to go through ill four years. I
am satisfied that very much inconvenience can-
not grow out of the change. Now, there are five
classes. The first class will graduate in Juno
next. The second class can be graduated in Jan-
uary following, if you please; that would reduce
their term to four years and a half; and then the
thii d class could graduate in June of the year fol-
lowing, making their term four years. There
will be 110 more inconvenience in reducing the
term than there was m raising it. The firstgrad-
uates under the five years' couise graduated last
June; and if I recollect aright, about twenty con-
stituted the whole number of that class, or per-
haps it may have been twenty-two or twenty-
three. That was the extent of the class that
graduated at the end of the five years' term. It
must be apparent, I think, to everybody, that 110
inconvenience could grow out Qf the change; and
that much good would result from it. If we had
more graduates, we should have more young men
qualified for the service than we can have under
the present system.
But, in addition to all that, I am satisfied that
five years is too long a period to keep a young
man at WCot. Point. Itjs the hardest school in the
world; and to keep him there five years is not
necessary to prepare him for the Army, and that
too after he has been, perhaps, three or four years
at college before entering the Military Academy. I
hope the Senate will reduce the course to four
years, and fix it at that, so that there shall be no
other change by the action of the Department.
My recollection is not exactly like that of the
Senator from Mississippi in relation to the changes
that have been made at West Point. If I am not
mistaken, during the last year that he was Secre-
tary of War, he ordered the course up to five
years. My recollection is, that summer before last,
the present Secretary of War reduced it to four
veors, and the order was published and read at
West Point: and then about the 1st of April last,
another ordfr was issued from (he War Depart-
ment oidering the term up to five years again;
and I think-1 am not mistaken about the matter.
But at any rate, Mr. President,.I want the sense
of the Senate in relation to fixing the course at
four y ears; and I think the interests of the Academy
would be promoted by it; and in my opinion the
interests of the country would be consulted by
allowing each Senator the right to appoint a cadet.
Now the appointment of cadets is confined to one
from each Representative district; and less than
one half of them graduate; and when you bring
the course up to five years the country derives
very little benefit from the Academy. IfSenators
believe with me that the number of. graduates
ought to be greater, and that it would be wise to
provide that each Senator should have the ap-
pointment of one cadet, and that the interests of
the country would be promoted by extending the
privilege to them, I trust that some one will pro-
pose an amendment. I'simply make the sugges-
tion. I hope the Senate will now fix the course
by law, so that there shall be no changing it back
andforthasheretofore. Fouryearsislongenough.
Fix it at that, and young men will graduate as
well, and bo as well qualified for the service at
the end of four years as they will be at the end of
the present long term.
Mr. DAVIS. The course of a great institu-
tion cannot be veered about like a weathercock.
The Secretary of War certainly never committed
such a blunder as to send an order forthwith to
reduce the course to four years. What the Sen-
ator must have heard, was an order to prepare a
programme for a four years' course, which pro-
gramme, I have learned, was prepared, but was
neverapproved, and consequently the change was
never, in fact, made. It could not have been made
without further action by the War Department.
It is a serious matter; it takes years to bring it
about; and when Congress goes into the Academy
to arrange the studies, it is as great a misfit as a
bull in a china shop. The academic staff had been
for twenty years seeking an increase of the time,
and when finally it was decided upon, itwas neces-
sary to wait until by accident a very large class
was appointed, which \v~s susceptible of division
into two, and the opportunity was thus offered of
increasing the classes from four to five. The Sen-
ator thinks it is as easy to reduce as to raise. It
is a difficult thing to do either; the reduction the
more so of the two, because when ho attempts to
reduce, he throws the whole line of studies into
confusion. It is a thing which must be done pro-
gressively; it will take several years to work back
from one programme of studies to another; and
this easy mode of fixing a date by which studies
are to be completed, without any reference to the
books to be mastered, and the capacity of the stu-
dents to learn, is more facile in legislation than in
academic execution. I may reach the conclusion
that afour years' term is long enough: I want the
advantage of the thorough investigation which
will be before us when the report of the board
which is now sitting upon the programme of
studies and the course of discipline, shall have
been presented to the Secretary of War, and re-
ferred to us.
As to the capacity shown by graduates of the
Academy, I think that is a very poor rule for the
purpose for which it is now cited. It does not
always follow, that all the knowledge a man pos-
sesses was acquired at any one of the schools at
which he may have been; and it is a fact, which
is very well known to the Senator, that when he
finds an officer in the Army able to perform that
duty, which so frequently devolves on the officer,
of sketching in the field, it is not because ho was
taught it at West Point. The course has never
provided for sketching in the field. It has never
provided for the study of the manufacture of arms
m armories, and arsenals, and founderies. It has
never provided for studying mineralogy, and geol-
ogy, and botany, in the field. It has never pro-
vided for the practicing the construction of tem-
porary intrenchments; never provided for any of
those portions of practical military instruction
"which must be learnedin a school of application it
they are learned at all.
Our Army is too small for schools of appli-
cation, and nothing is more idle than to borrow
our theories from Governments maintaining great
armies with schools of elementary instruction, and
schools of application to which graduates are sent.
We must have the school of elementary instruc-
tion and the school of application combined in
the small military establishment which wo main-
tain : and it is by those who overlook this striking
fact—by those who insist that Congress in- their
generosity shall establish schools of application-—-.
that this argument lias been made, so far sis it has
been -made, by>those* who comprehend .the whole
bearing of the subject. .Those wh 0 made an effort,
for a long term of years, to increase the course, were
the academic board. It is true of a majority:, as I
am informed, that they have -how.changed their
opinion—that they find the course -too tedious',
but is there no other remedy than to reduce it to
four years? Is human capacity-exhausted-by
declaring a particular number of years, or do we
employ superintendents, professors, command-
ants, and instructors who cannot take the trouble
to govern men by some of those moral forces
which are applied m every institution that sus-
tains itself? Why shall there not be two classes
of cadets? Why may not one year's practical
instruction be of those who have so near reached
the commission as to be governed by different
rules of discipline, and the tedium be relieved by
relaxing the discipline applied to them ? Ther^
are other resorts still within the reach of men who
choose to study the question; and I am not dis-
posed to lower the standard of instruction for our
officers of the Army beneath the highest measure
of attainment which may be reached by a course
of application in the Academy; in order that-we
may make it easy for administration, and reduce
the duties of those who are charged with it, for
that is the beginning and the end of the question
As to the number of graduates being too small
for the wants of the Army, tliatis no grievance
to me. I prefer to introduce new elements into
the service. I prefer that all the officers of the
Army should not come from one school. I prefer
that some should be drawn from civil life. I prefer
that some should be drawn from the ranks; and
Congress, I think, acted not only generously, but
wisely, in the recent provisions they have made
for conferring brevets on non-commissioned offi-
cers; as it were, macadamizing the road which
leads from *he enlisted to the commissioned sol-
dier. These are sources of supply which I do not
wish to close. I am not eager to increase the
number of graduates. I am not anxious to find
every one who enters the Academy passing through
as a'graduate. I wish to sift them through the
narrowest mesh which can be applied to human
intellect, and human tenacity, and human perse-
verance. I wish to take the cream of those classes
which are sent there. I grant you that not half
of those who enter graduate—no, sir, not a third;
sometimes very little over a fourth; and it is be-
cause they have passed through this severe cruci-
ble that we have got the pure metal which the
Senator commends.
I think, Mr. President, that the Senator from
Maine acted judiciously in withdrawing his
amendment, on the exhibition of the fact that
the programme of studies was now a subject
under consideration; but as it is renewed, I will
take occasion to say that, so far as I-know, it is
the concurrent testimony of all the members of the
academic board that, by the introduction of Eng-
lish studies into the first year of the course, they-
have prepared the cadets better to comprehend the
higher branches of mathematics and natural phi-
losophy, and thus they have gone on more advan-
tageously in their subsequent studies than under
the old course, to which we must return, if we
readopt the four years' term.
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, I am the last man
in the world who would shut the door upon merit.
I am glad that Congress has made the way for the
private to reach command; and I shall always be
glad to see the soldier win his way from the ranks
to the higher positions of the service. From such
material the armies of the world have obtained
their most illustrious commanders.
Now, Mr. President, I cannot for my life see
any inconvenience that could possibly occur in the
change, when the course was changed. The class
that would have graduated June a year ago, un-
der the* four years' course, was divided. Those
who had progressed well, graduated at that time;
but the younger half of the class were kept over
to the end of five years. I am sure the same rule
will work in bringing it back to four years.
Mr. DAVIS. I wili tell the Senator exactly the
[ machinery employed. A very laige class hap-
I pened to be admitted in a particular year All
