1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2089
an anomalous state of things, as will appear at
once. This Legislature was elected under the
State constitution. The'State was not admitted
into the Union. Some legislation for the Territory
was necessary; and although the hody was not
elected under the territorial laws, still, by thegen-
eral consentof the people, they metand legislated
for the Territory. The Governor of the Terri-
tory recognized them as a legislative body for the
Territory; the judges of the Territory sanctioned
the laws which they enacted; and those laws were
in force so long as Minnesota remained in a ter-
ritorial condition. *•
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman's answer to
one question will determine my vote. I think
ho answered it before, but I am not sure that I
understood him correctly. Did the territorial
Governor approve of those enactments'
Mr. GOOCH. I understand that he did.
Mr. PHELPS. Then I shall not object to the
passage of the bill.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN THE TERRITORIES.
The next bill upon the Calendar was.a bill (II.
R. No. 704) appropriating money for the crection
of public buildings in certain Territories therein
named, and for other purposes.
The bill appropriates the following sums of
money out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated: For building a peniten-
tiary in Nebraska Territory, $30,000; for com-
pleting the capitol mJNetiraska Territory, $20,000;
for completing a capitol in Washington Territory,
$43,000; for completing a penitentiary in Wash-
ington Territory, $15,000; provided that no part
of the several sums appropriated, nor any of the
unexpended sums heretofore appropriated for the
erection of the public buildings m the Territories
of Nebraska, Washington, and New Mexico, shall
be expended until some person or persons will
contract to complete the several buildings for the
sums appropriated, together with tlie unexpended
sums heretofore appropriated; and shall file with
the Governors of the Territories respectively, a
bond, with good security, to that effect, and ap-
proved by such Governois. The bill further
appropriates the'sum of $20,000 to the corporate
authorities of the city ofOmaha, in NcbraskaTer-
ritory, to be applied, under the direction of the
corporate authorities, in redeeming all the out-
standing scrip issued by the city of Omaha, ap-
plied to the erection of the capitol of the Territory
of Nebraska; provided the sum appropriated shall
be so applied pro rata that it will redeem and pay
off all outstanding scrip.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. 1 move to amend
the bill by inserting after the word " dollars," in
the second line of the fourth section, the words:
For completing tlie penitentiary in the Tcrntoiyof New
Mexico, $23,400.
The amendment was agreed to:
Mr. REAGAN: I move to amend by striking
out the first section, as follows:
" Sec. 1. For building a penitentiary in the Territory of
Nebraska, $30,000."
Wow, Mr. Chairman, I have this to say: it
seems that this is for building a penitentiary in
theTeintory of Nebraska, fur which wepiopose
to appropriate $30,000. It is the duty of Con-
gress to provide territorial governments for the
Territories, and to appropriate the amount neces-
sary for carrying" on such governments, and to de-
fray ail necessary and legitimate expenses con-
nected therewith. But here is a Territory coming
and asking Congress to build a penitentiary, and
another asking us to build them a State capitol,
and to appropriate money enough to construct
public buildings better than many of the States
themselves have. Sir,ltis an anomaly; and more
than that, it is an outrage upon the people of the
country who are taxed to pay this money. I trust
the House will strike this section from the bill.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I beg leave to say
that, from the very first territorial government
that was ever organized under this Government,
Congress has always appropriated money to con-
struct these public buildings.
Mr. REAGAN. It is a bad practice, if they
have. .
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. In New Mexico,
and in all the Territories, they have made pro-
vision for carrying on the courts and for erecting
jails for the custody of prisoners.
There is a provision attached to this bill, which
I think right and proper, and to which 1 wish to
call the attention of the House. It is that the
money under these several appropriations shall
not be expended until the contracts shall be en-
tered into, and that the sums appropriated shall
be sufficient to complete the buildings, so that
there can be no further appropriations for them.
In relation to the section which provides for the
claims ofOmaha city, it is perhaps proper that I
should make this explanation. It originates m
this way: an appropriation was made by Con-
gress sufficient only in part to construct a capitol
m the Territory of Nebraska. The building was
left m a condition where it was exposed to the
weather, and liable to serious damage. The city
of Omaha issued scrip for completing the build-
ing. The scrip, at the price at which it is held,
can be purchased, as i understand, for about
twenty thousand dollars. I think it should be
paid; and I hope this explanation will be satisfac-
tory to the committee.
Mr. REAGAN. 1 ask for tellers upon my
amendment.
Mr. GROW. 1 would suggest to the gentle-
man from Texas, that when wc come into the
House, we may have separate votes upon all these
propositions, if gentleman desire it. 1 hope, there-
fore, he will allow the matter now to go, without
a division of the committee.
Mr. REAGAN. Very well; with that under-
standing I will withdraw my amendment.
Mr. CURTIS. I move to insert in the last line
of the fourth section, after the word "Govern-
ors," the words " chief justices," so that the
section will read:
Si.c. 4. For completing a penitentiary in Washington
Terruory, .^lo.OOO: Fronded, That no pail of the several
sum* heieby appiopriated, nor any ol the unexpended
Minis heretofore appiopriated foi the erection of the public
building m ^aid Ten it ones, of Nebraska, Washington, and
New Mexico, shall be expended until some peisnn or per-
sons. will contiaet to complete the said several buildings
foi the Minis hereby appropriated, togethei with the unex-
pended vnins heretofore appropuated ; and r-hall file with
the Governors of raid Territories, respectively, a bond, with
good fc.ejjjirity, to that eifeet,and approved by such Govcrn-
oi? and chief justices.
I think some one besides the Governors ought
to be charged with the acceptance of these con-
tracts.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I have no objec-
tion to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRANCH. I move to strike out the fifth
seetimi of this bill, as follows:
"Srr. 5.■' he. it further enrtrtrd. That The nim of^00,00fl
is hereby appropriated to the corporate autbotities--of the
city ot Omaha, in Nebra^ca Territory,, to he applied,under
the diieetionof ^aid coipor.itc nuthoi itics m icdcenmi? all
the outstanding soup i^-ued bv said city of Omaha applied
to the erection of the capitol of said Temtoij of Nebraska:
ProiUed, That tin; sum hereby appropriated shall be so
applied pro rata that Jt will redeem and pay off all said out-
standing soup.''
I bad occasion, Mr. Chairman, to examine this
claim during the Thirty-Fourth Congress, when
I was a member of the Committee on Territories,
the matter having been referred to me particularly
for investigation.
Mr. GROW. I would suggest to the gentle-
man that he can have a sepaiate vote upon this
section in the House.
Mr. BRANCH. The previous question will
no doubt be called in the House, and I therefore
make a short statement in reference to it here.
The facts, as I recollect them, are these: the Gov-
ernment had commenced the erection of a capi-
tol at Omaha, 111 the Territory of Nebraska—
Omaha being a new paper town, with prospects
which, m the opinion of its friends, were very
bright. At that time, however, the settlers there
were very few. The Government failed to pros-
ecute the building, either because a doubt had
arisen in the nunds of the officers of the Govern-
ment as to whether they bad not selected the
wrong place for the seat of government, or for
some other cause.
I say the Government failed to prosecute the
building; it failed to make an appropriation, and
the building was allowed to stand until it should
be determined finally 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. The gentleman >s
wrong in his facts. The papers which were sub-
mitted to me, and upon which I acted in sub-
mitting this report, show that the appropriation
made by the Government for the capitol was ex-
hausted, and the building, "in its unfinished state,
was being injured by exposure to the weather;
and the appropriation winch had already, been
made by the Government would have been ren-
dered of no avail had not the authorities of Omaha
taken the matter into their own hands and saved
the building from destruction.
Mr. BRANCH. I am very ready to yield my
recollection as to the facts to that of the gentle-
man from Missouri, as it has been two or three
years since 1 examined it; but his statement con-
firms the statement I made. He, perhaps, did
not understand it. The Government, I say, failed
to prosecute the work upon the building as rap-
idly as the people of Omaha desired. There had
arisen some controversy and difference of opinion
among the people of the Territory as to where
the seat of government should be. The propri-
etors of Omaha city, and the residents there, in
this position of affairs, issued the scrip of their
city to raise funds to complete the building.
Mr. CURTIS. Not to complete it, but only to
preserve it.
Mr. BRANCH. To carry on the building as
near to completion as their means would permit.
The distinct impression made upon my mind
was, that the citizens of Omaha—the proprietors
of lots in Omaha—might be actuated by the desire
to fix the seat of government in their town. How-
ever that may be, they issued this scrip, and paid
it out to contractors on contracts entered into at
a price which made the scrip bring a very small.
sum of money. They then came to Congress,and
asked Congress to reimburse the whole amount
of §50,000 of scrip issued by them. I remember
one fact very distinctly—and in reference to that
1 cannot be mistaken—that according to the testi-
mony then before us, it was clear that the scrip
had sold for a very small sum of money; and I
am equally clear in my recollection that the im-
pression then made upon my mind was, that the
citizens of Omaha had expended this money to
prevent the scat of government being removed.
That impression was made upon my mind by
having examined the case when I was upon the
Committee on Territories.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Iowa whether itis not the determr
lnation yet of the people of Nebraska Territory
to get their seat of government removed from
Omaha ?
Mr. CURTIS. Iam very intimately acquainted
with all the facts in this case. I know that in that
Territory, as well as in every other, every town
wants to be the capital; but I believe that last
winter, when the Legislature was in session, not
a motion was made for the removal of the capital.
I believe they are reconciled to the location.
I will correct another error which the gentle-
man from North Carolina has fallen into. I do
not think the scrip sold for less than thirty per
cent, discount, which is a less deduction than was
made in Washington Territory, or in other Ter-
ritories. The expenditure of that money by the
city was made in good faith, in order to put the
building in such a condition that it would accom-
modate the Legislature, which had to sit there,
according to the provisions of law.
Another thing I can tell you; and that is, that
that Territory, out of the appropriation made by
Congress, carried that building nearly to comple-
tion, while the same amount expended in Kansas
only laid the foundation of the building.
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman from Iowa
says, and says truly, that all the towns of a Ter-
ritory are desirous of-securing the location ot the
scat of government We all know it is the fact.
I have lived in a Territory, and know something
about the motives which actuate people residing
in them; and a very good way to secure the scat
of government is to go on and finish the capitol
buildings, and then come to Congress,and ask
Congress to pay for them. The gentleman from
Iowa admits that there is a controversy as to
where the scat of government should be. This
town,'Omaha, is upon the border of that Terri-
tory, and in all probability it cannot and will not
remain the permanent seat of government of that
Territory.
In reference to these local squabbles, as sug-
gested by a gentleman upon the right, our doc-
trine should be the doctrine of the Kansas-No-
