1860.
THE.CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
mi
come up, unless the Senate adhere to the regular
order by taking up the Calendar and going on
with it. I object to this motion on that account.
Mr. BAYARD. ■ I will simply mention that
this is Senate bill No. 3, and it stands second in
the order of business on the Calendar. It was re-
ported at the last Congress, nearly two years ago.
The evils of the state of things, which it i? in-
tended to reach, ought to be remedied bylaw; be-
cause in your passenger ships a large class of un-
protected females arc exposed to outrages and
brutality, which your laws, after trial, do not pro-
tect them from. If gentlemen desire this state of
things to continue, they will refuse to pass the
bill; but here is a bill which has been long before
the Senate of the United States without having
been considered, though it comes backed by the
strongest statements of fact, showing the neces-
sity of the proposed legislation. It was recom-
mended unanimously two years ago by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and it is reported again
this session.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will simply state, in reference
to that bill, that it is one of very considerable con-
scquence. It involves your powers under the Con-
stitution to punish offenses less than felony which
are committed on the high seas. It is a question
of extreme difficulty, and a bill of that sort, I
think, ought not to be hastily passed. It certainly
involves a very great principle, and one that I be-
lieve even the committee had v%ry great doubts
about, although the evil is great. It is a question
of very great doubt and difficulty, and has been
for many years, how offenses less than felonies
committed on the high seas should be punished.
Mr. BAYARD. On board American vessels ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir.
Mr. BAYARD. I was not aware that our ju-
risdiction to punish offenses committed on board
American vessels was the subject of any doubt
whatever.
Mr. TOOMBS. I never saw it in the Consti-
tution .
The motion of Mr. Bayard was agreeed to;
there being, on a division—ayes 25, noes 13; and
the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (No. 3) to amend an
act entitled "An act to regulate the carriage of
passengers in steamships or other vessels," ap-
proved-March 3, 1855. It provides that every
master or other officer, seaman or other person,
employed on board of any ship or vessel of the
United States, who shall, during the voyage of
such ship or vessel, under promise pf marriage,
or by threats, or by the exercise of his authority,,
or by solicitation, or the making of gifts or pres-
ents, seduce and have illicit connection with, any
female passenger, shall bo guilty of a misde-
meanor, and, upon conviction, shall be punished
by imprisoment for a term not exceeding twelve
months, or by a fine not exceeding $1,000, with a
proviso that no conviction shall be had under the
provisions of this act on the testimony of the
female seduced, uncorroborated by other evidence,
nor unless the indictmcnt shall be found withm one
year after the commission of the offense, and that
the subsequent intermarriage of the parties seduc-
ing and seduced may be pleaded in bar of a con-
viction. The fine may, in the discretion of the
court, be ordered to be paid for the use or benefit
of the female seduced, or her child or children, it
It also provides that neither the officers, sea-
men, nor other persons employed on board of any
ship or vessel bringing emigrant passengers to the
United States, shall visit or fiequent any part oi
such ship or vessel assigned to emigrant passen-
gers, except by the direction or permission of the
master or commander first made or given; and
that every officer, seaman, or other person, em-
ployed on board of a ship or vessel, who sha.l
violate this provision, shall be deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor, and, on conviction, shall forfeit to
the ship or vessel Ins wages for the voyage during
which the offense has been committed. Any mas-
ter or commander who shall direct or permit any
offieer or seaman, or other person employed on
board of the ship or vessel, to visit or frequent
anv part of it assigned to emigrant passengers,
except for the purpose of doing or performing
me necessary art <v duty as an officer, seaman,
T>irson employed en bonrd the ship oi \esse,,
t'. In- ('.remed guilty of a misdemeanor, and, on
of, to be punished by a tine ot
Bora
or
conviction ihoreo
fifty dollars for each occasion on which he shall
so direct or permit this provision tp be violated.
It is to be the duty of the master or commander
of every ship or vessel bringing emigrant passen-
gers to the United States to post a written or
printed notice, containing the preceding provision,
m conspicuous place on the forecastle, and in
the several parts of the ship or vessel assigned to
emigrant passengers, and to keep the same so
posted during the voyage; and upon neglect so to
do, hefis to be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and, on. donvjetion, to be punished by a jine not
exceeding §500.
Mr. HALE. I should like to inquire of the
gentleman who reported the bill, if there is not
some legislation necessary as to what court shall
have jurisdiction of these offenses ? I see there is
no provision for any court or any district to have
jurisdiction of these offenses committed on the
high seas.
Mr. BAYARD. These acts made misdemean-
ors, and the jurisdiction would be settled by gen-
eral laws. The jurisdiction of the court exists*
under the general provisions of the law. There
is no necessity for any special provision as to the
jurisdiction. I ask that the memorial of the Com-
missioners of Emigration of New York may be
read, on which the bill was originally,founded,
showing the state of the facts.
Mr. HALE. In cases of piracy the jurisdic-
tion is vested in the first port at which the vessel
arrive sT
Mr. FESSENDEN. This will come under the
same general law.
Mr. HALE. I think there is no general law
on the subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Delaware asks for the reading of a paper,
which will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
To the honorable the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United States:
Your petitioners, the Commissioners of Emigration of the
State of New York, respectfully represent:
That, by the laws of the State of New York, the care and
protection of enngiants arriving at the port of New Yoik
are committed to vonr petitioners.
That, during the last two 01 thiec yeais, the frequent com-
plaints made to your petitioners by female emigrant's «*u-
rivi'i" at the above port, of ill treatment and abuse from the (
captains and other officers of some of the vessels engaged
m the passenger business, caused your petitioners to inves-
tigate the subject; and, from such investigation,your poti-
uoneis regret to be obliged to say, that since the diminution
in the number of cabin passengers insailing-fchyvs pi oduced
by the rapid steam communication between this aiul the
eastern islands and continent, propriety and decent observ-
ances, on the pait of the officers of many ships, have very
frequently been departed from.
That after leaching the high seas from Et^ropean ports,
the captain iKVjtiently selects some unprotected female
from among his passengers, induces her to visit his cabin,
and when there, abusing his authority as commander, partly
by thieats and partly bv promises of marriage, accomplishes
her luin, and retains her in his quarters for the rest of the
vovage, lor the indulgence of his vicious passions and the
purposes o( prostitution. *
That the other officer of the ship, having no apprehen-
sion foi the commission of a common breach of duty with
him, often imitate the example of their superior; and when
the poor, friendless women, thus Boduccd, aruve at tins
noit, they arc thrust fiom the ship upon shore, and aban-
doned to their fate, without any remedy for the past wrong
which has been done upon them.
That such occurrence^, as above described, have become
so frequent, that youi petitioners feel it then duty to ask
for legislative interposition to put an end to these flagrant
offenses on the part of oflfocrsof vessels ; and for that pur-
pose the acts bein^ done on the high seas, out ot thejuns-
diction of the States—appeal to your honorable bodies, and
respectfully aslc ior sucli an amendment to tlic passenger
lawh as may prevent, by sevcie punishment for the act,
the recurrence of this incieasmg evil and wrong.
And your petitioners will cvei pray.
The bill was reported to tlie Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
LOUISVILLE AMD PORTLAND CANAL.
Mr. POWELL. I move to take up the reso-
lution which was the special order for to-day,
being the joint resolution 111 relation to the Louis-
ville and Portland canal.
Mr HALE. i move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr' POWELL. Will the Senator allow me a
word? Will this be left as the unfinished busi-
nefhe PRESIDING OFFICER. It will require
a vote of the Senate to take it up.
M'' HALE. J withdraw the motion.
Ths motion of Mr. Poweu. was agreed to; and
the Senato, as in Committee of the Whole, pio-
ceeded;!*>. consider the joint, resolution (S. No.
6) authorizing-tie enlargement and construction
of a branch w the'Eouisviliraaid Portland' «yn'aK
, Mr. HALE'. I .fflov?' ilfrt ,the,Sgja|te
aBjourn. ^ ,,t- . u -j-
The Motion was agreed to: and the Sentue
adjourned. - ■' V
' HOUSE OP REPBESENTA^IVESi; j;''
• -'Wednesday,
Tlfe House met at twelve o'elQ$£",j i ■ Erayer
by tha Chaplain,Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.. ." -
The Journal of yesterday was read and appro
. APPOINTMENTS OS COMMITTEES; '
The SPFAKERappointed Mi, Bark a mem-
ber of the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia, in place*of Mr; Rice, excused. ,.
The SPEAKER also appointed Mr. Hikdman
a member of the special committee on the Pacific
railroad, uncjer the order of the House, .made on
Monday last^, ' , ... .
FALSE TRADE-MARKS, ETC.
Mr. MOORHEAD, by" unanimous consent,
and in pursuance of previous notice, introduced
a bill to prevent and punish fraud" in the' use of
false stamps, brands, labels, or trade-Marks; which
was read a first, arid second time, and referred, to
the Committee on Commerce;,
UNITED STATES- JUDGE EOR KANSAS. .
Mr. PARROTT, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the preamble and joint resolutions of the
Legislature of Kansas Territory, asking .for the
appointment of an additional judge fpr.said Ter-
ritory; which were laid upon the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
THE MENOMONEE INDIANS.
Mr. BRANCH. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer a small resolution, calling —
for information in regard to the case which the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.( Washburn,] a
few days ago, proposed to liave investigated. If
the resolution shall be passed, when the reply
comes in I hope the gentleman ' from Wisconsin
will be permitted to indicate the standing com-
mittee of the House to which it shall be sent for
examination; and he will find, if there is any prob-
able ground to suppose that frauds have been
committed, that there will be no objection on this
side of the House to a full investigation. The
resolution is as follows:-
Resolved, That the-Seei etary of the Treasury be requested
to communicate to this House copies of all the correspond-
ence relative to ccrtam charges made against A. D. Hose-
stool, Indian agent, with his action thereon.
There berng no objection to the resolution, it
was considered and agreed to.
HALT-PAY PENSIONS,
Mr. DUELL, by unanimous consent, and in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a joint
resolution explanatory -of the act entitled "An
act to continue half pay to certain widows and
orphans," passed February 3, 1853; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
NEBRASKA BAILIIOAD BILL.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I had the honor, the
other day,of introducing a bill in reference to the
grant of public lands to tho Territory of N ebraska,
for the purpose of aiding in the construction of
railroads. That bill will come up on its final pas-
sage to-morrow. The Committee on P.ublicLands
have agreed to report an amendment to the bill,
and have directed me to present it to-day, for the
purpose of having it printed in the proceedings of
the House, it-being their intention to offer it when
the bill comes up for action.
The following is the amendment:
Add at the end of the bill as follows: J ,
Sec.— Jlnd ic it further cnadeA, That there be, and are
hereby, granted to tlic Ten ltory and future State ot Kansas
alternate sections of the public lands, to the same extent,
and In the t-ame maimer, and upon the same conditions
and limitations, in every lespeet, as are by the preceding
sections ot this act granted to Hie Territory of Nebraska, to
aid in the construction of the following 1,-uMoad.,, to w t.
a railroad from Leavenworth to Lawrence, on tile Katua-
1 river, thence up and along the valley of said river to I ort
! Riley, and thence to tlie western boundary of said Tern
tory; a lailroad from some eligible point at or "e^ 'he
mouth of the Kansas river, so as to connc=t,^®.' ,0 tllc
soun-l'acific railroad, to Lawrence, and tiiuice to tin.
