1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8035
CALL OF COMMITTEES FOR REPORTS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular "order of busi-
ness is the call of the committees for reports.
Mr. VANDEVER. Is it a call of committees
for reports of private bills ?
The SPEAKER. Any bills.
Mr. GROW. Is not this private bill day?
The SPEAKER. The committees will be called
for reports of bills for commitment and printing
only, under the resolution passed last Monday.
Mr GROW. So the reports would not be con-
fined to private bills, under the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. They would not.
The call of committees for reports wa3 then
commenced where it was last suspended.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. WALTON, from the Committee of Claims,
made a unanimous adverse report on the follow-
ing bills from the Court of Claims; which were
laid on the table, and the report ordered to be
printed:
A bill (No. 28) for the relief of David Wood,
merchant, of the city of New York;
A bill (No. 30) for the relief of John Michel,
merchant, of the city of New York;
A bill (No. 31) for the relief of Atkinson, Rol-
lins & Co., merchants, of the city of Boston;
A bill (No. 32) for the relief of Aymar & Co.,
merchants, of the city of New York;
A bill (No. 33) for the relief of Wolfe & Co.,
merchants, of the city of New York;
A bill (No. 34) for the relief of Stanwood &
Reed, merchants, of Boston;
A bill (No. 35) for the relief of Samuel A. Way,
merchant, of the city of Boston;
A bill (No. 36) for the relief of J. D. and M.
Williams, merchants, of the city of Boston;
A bill (No. 37) for the relief of Udolpho Wolfe,
merchant, of the city of New York;
A bill (No. 38) for the relief of Alfred Atkins,
merchant, of the city of New York;
A bill (No. 39) for the relief of George W.
Wales, merchant, of the city of Boston; and
A bill (No. 40) for the relief of F. B. Wales,
merchant, of the city of Boston.
THOMAS H. BAIRD.
Mr. HOARD, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Thomas H. Baird,
administrator of Dr. Absalom Baird, deceased;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
JOHN BRANNAN.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the same committee, re-
ported back an act (S. No. 285) for the relief of
John Brannan.
Mr. TAPPAN. I would state that this bill is
to pay for services rendered in the State Depart-
ment; and Secretary Cass says it ought to be paid.
I ask that the bill be put upon its passage.
No objection being made, the bill was ordered
to be read a third time.
The bill was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. TAPPAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
K. W. CLARKE.
Mr TAPPAN, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, an act (S. No. 176) for the relief of R. W.
Clarke.
Mr. TAPPAN This bill is of the same char-
acter with the last one, and I ask that it be put
upon it passage.
No objection being made, the bill was ordered
to be read a third time.
The bill was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. TAPPAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
"The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN HASTINGS.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee of Claims,
repoitod back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, Senate bill No. 109, for the relief of John
Hastings, collector of the port of Pittsburg; which
was referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and ordered to be printed.
ASUURY DICKINS.
Mr. MAYNARD, from the same committee,
reported back Senate bill (C. C. No. 129) for the
relief of Asbury Dickins; which was referred to
a Committee of the Whole House; and, with the
report, and the views of the minority of the com-
mittee thereon, ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM S. HENRY'S HEIRS.
Mr. MAYNARD also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill for the relief of the heirs-
at-law of the late Major William S.Henry; which
was referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
RICHARD FITZPATRICK.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to call attention to a bill for
the relief of Richard Fitzpatrick, for damages to
his plantation during the Seminole war. This bill
has been pending here for over seven years. Jt
was referred to the Court of Claims. That court
has examined the case and has reported a bill,
which has passed the Senate. I ask in behalf of
Judge Hawkins, of Florida, who is confined to
his room by sickness, that that bill be taken up.
Mr. PEYTON. Is there a report accompany-
ing this bill ?
Mr. MAYNARD. There is no report from
the Committee of Claims; but the decision of the
Court of Claims is very brief, and if the gentle-
man desires it, it can be read.
Mr. STANTON. It had better go to the Cal-
endar, along; with the other bills.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is on the Calendar now.
Mr. STANTON. And what docs the gentle-
man want ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to discharge the Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar from
the further consideration of the bill.
Mr. STANTON. I must object to that.
THE SHIP MASSACHUSETTS.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I am directed by
the Committee on Commerce to report a number
of bills of a public nature, involving no appro-
priation, and which itis necessary to have passed,
in regard to the due husbanding of the revenues
of the country. 1 have not had an opportunity
before of reporting them from the committee, be-
cause the return of the opinion from the Treasury
Department has been so recent that I rould not
make the report on the call of the committee. I
trust, therefore, that as I report them the House
will see no objeelion to putting them on their
passage. If, however, objection be made to any
of them, I will yield.
Mr. STANTON. Is it in order to report pub-
lic bills this morning ?
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir; all business,under
the rule that we are acting under.
Mr. STANTON. I supposed that this was
private bill day.
The SPEAKER. The rule is for reports of
bills for reference.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I present these
bills to the sense of justice and propriety of the
House.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 must insist on the regu-
lar call of committees, so as to give all the com-
mittees a fair chance.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Then I shall not
report any bills, if they are to be referred to the
universal grave of business—the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The first bill that I am authorized to report is
a bill to change the name of the shipRockhall to
the name of Massachusetts, and for this reason:
a commission in the State of Massachusetts,
which was authorized to purchase a vessel in
which to teach apprentices to the nautical branch
of the reform school, purchased the Rockhall, and
ask that the name be changed to Massachusetts.
The Department agrees to that, and concedes that
it is very proper. I report the bill, and ask to
have it put upon its passage.
There being no objection, a bill to change the
name of the ship Rockhall to Massachusetts was
reported from the Committee on' Commerce, re-
ceived its several readings, and was passed.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CUSTOM-HOUSE IN TEXAS.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I am authorized
to report back from the Committee on Commerce
Senate bill No. 450, to change the location of the
custom-house for the district of Brazos de Sant-
iago from Point Isabel to Brownsville, in the
State of Texas. The Committee on Commerce
had prepared a bill. It was submitted to the De-
partment, and the Department approved of it. In
the mean time, this bill came in here from the
Senate, and was referred to the committee. I ask
that it be put upon its passage.
The bill was read. It changes the custom-house
for the district of Brazos de Santiago from Point
Isabel to Brownsville, abolishes the port of entry
heretofore existing at Point Isabel, and creates
Brownsville a port of entry for said district. It
directs that the collector of said district shall hence-
forth keep his office at Brownsville aforesaid, and
that the same shall be removed, under such in-
structions as the Secretary of the Treasury shall
prescribe; that a deputy collector of customs shall
reside and keep his office at Brazos de Santiago,
who shall be authorized to enter and clear ves-
sels; and that all goods, wares, and merchandise,
of whatever description, transported in bond to
Brownsville from any other port or place in the
United States, via Brazos harbor, may, on their
arrival in said harbor, be transhipped, under such
regulations, not incompetent with law, as the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may prescribe, in other
vessels for transportation, vi%the Rio Grande, to
Brownsville; ana any goods, wares, or merchan-
dise, of any description whatever, imported into
said district, via said lnubor, from any foreign
country, may in like manner be transhipped to
Brownsville.
The bill received its third reading, and was
passed.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EL PASO COLLECTION DISTRICT..
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I am directed by
the Committee on Commerce to report a bill for
the creation of a new collection district, to be de-
nominated the district of El Paso. The Depart-
ment has informed the committee, and, through
myself, the committee informs the House, that
this is very requisite to the due collection of rev-
enues on the southern frontier. The Department
prepared a bill, and sent it to us, and we report
it now. It is assented to, and asked for by the
Representatives from Texas in this House and
in the other branch of the national Legislature.
Mr. PHELPS. I suggest to the gentleman
from New York that he withhold this matter till
the Delegate from New Mexico be in his seat.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Very well; I with-
hold it for the present.
PORTS OF DELIVERY.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I am also instructed
by the Committee on Commerce to report a bill
giving to Corpus Christi, now a port of delivery,
a deputy collector under the law of 1847. A
petition was presented asking that it be made a
port of entry. The Department was unwilling
that it should be made a port of entry, hut was
willing that it should have given to it, under the
law of 1847, a deputy collector; so that statistics
might be presented to the Department to enable
it to judge whether the commerce at that point
was sufficient to warrant its being a made a Port
of entry. The bill which I report is a bill to
amend an act approved March 3, 1847, entitled
"An act to establish a port of entry at Saluria,
in the State of Texas, and for other purposes."
The bill was read a first and second time.
I Mr. HUGHES. I wish to inquire whether this
involves the necessity of constructing a custom-
house there?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Oh! no, sir; no.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly road the third time, and passed
