1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
your people as you would imply that you do of
Us. I would not desire a union with you another
(lay, because it seems to me the implication is that
we are not equals. You seem to think that you
are unequally yoked. You are high, chivalrous,
noble men, born to command, associated with a
craven set, who have nothing left but to register
your decrees; and if, perchance, indulging in fan-
ciful theories of the equality of States and of men—
no, I will not say of men—of white men, they
should undertake to place a man, as the repre-
sentative of their opinions, in the executive chair,
by that they have sealed their doom, and have
committed an act which, from that day forth, is
to be considered as the knell which sounds the
dissolution and destruction of this Confederacy!
I will not detain the Senate longer; but I rec-
ollect an anecdote, which I have already told,
that I think illustrates the manner in which we
are to yield and settle these difficulties, and I
hope that I shall not be considered as having too
much levity. It is to be remembered that our
- speeches have been rather solemn this morning,
and we may temper them with a little levity. I
remember hearing a distinguished clergyman once
say, that in the State of Connecticuta very serious
and alarming controversy arose in one of the
churches, and it got divided about equally. To
render the division more sad, one of the deacons
represented one division and the other the other.
The minister, seeing this state of things, preached
a sermon on union, and presented it so forcibly
that every heart was struck with the idea that
union must be had at any rate. So Deacon Jorfcs,
with a teeming heart, earnest for union, went down
to see Deacon Snow, and said he, " Deacon, we
must have union." " Good! " said Deacon Snow,
"we must." "Well," continued he, "Deacon,
there is but one way on earth that we can get it."
Deacon Snow replied, " Brother, do tell me what
that is." "Well," answered he, "you must give
up, for I cannot." [Laughter.] It seems to me
that that is just exactly the appeal that is made
to us. There is a dreadful state of things—an ir-
reconcilable difference; and the appeal is made to
us, "You must give up, for we cannot; you are
used to it, and we are not." [Laughter.]
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, in the few remarks
which I submitted, I did not intend to say any-
thing against the Republican party, but I desired
to call the attention of that party to the remarks
of the Senator from Alabama, and I observed that
that Senator had spoken his true sentiments, and
the sentiments of those whom he represents. They
believe that the principles of the Republican party
are destructive to the constitutional rights of the
slaveholding States, that they can only preserve
those rights by resisting the principles of that
party; and if a President of that party were to be
elected and installed, it would be destructive to
their constitutional rights. I stated that he spoke
the sentiments of his people, and that the South
would act on his convictions, and break up this
Government, in such an event. That was all I
said: it was no threat.
Let mo call the attention of the Senator from
New Hampshire to the vote in the last presidential
election; and how significant it was. I do not
now recollect what was the popular vote of the
slaveholding States; but we will assume that it
was five hundred thousand. How many of those
votes were cast for the Republican candidate for
the Presidency ? In but few of those States was
there any Republican electoral ticket—I do not be-
lieve in more than one or two—and in a large ma-
jority of those States, there were not men enough
who would avow the principles of that party, or
who would dare avow them, to be electors. It
was a purely sectional contest on their part, while
on the other hand the Democratic candidate, who
received the electoral vote of every slaveholding
State, with one exception, received the vote of
one million two hundred thousand freemen in the
free States of this Confederacy. Sir, nothing is
more significant than the result of the last presi-
dential election; and the result of the State elec-
tions which have since taken place. They all
show th^t the Republican party is a sectional party,
that ithas no existence in the southern States, and
never can have any existence there, and that the
success of a Republican candidate for the Presi-
dency is to be achieved cxclusiv<jly by the non-
slaveholding States, and by the majority thagjfrave
in the electoral college; and that the peopl<?§T the
South, regarding the principles of that party as
destructive to their constitutional rights, will act
on their convictions in the event of the success of
a Republican presidential candidate, and the re-
sult will be the destruction of our present form of
Government. That was an the statement I made.
I appealed to the fears of nobody, of no section,
of no party; that was not my object; but I did
appeal to the judgment of those who entertain
certain principles, whether it was best for them to
persevere in those principles when they saw that
the effect of their triumph must be the destruction
of the Government. Now, I do not profess to be
braver than anybody else; I certainly am not
brave enough to adopt and carry out any line of
policy that would jeopardize the existence of this
glorious Confederacy, and I have in a small way
attested it.
In 1850, when I came here as one of the
Senators selected by the people of California to
present their constitution for admission as one
of the sovereign States of this Confederacy, the
delegation called oil various gentlemen of distin-
guished position in the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives; and, among others, on the then
illustrious Senator from Kentucky, (Mr. Clhy,)
and we requested him, and those other gentlemen
whom I shall not name—because it was on his
advice that we called oil them—to favor the im-
mediate admission of the State of California into
the Confederacy. We were without any govern-
ment. California had first been conquered, and
then purchased from Mexico; and the United
States had not even given us a territorial govern-
ment. We had not a solitary civil officer of this
Government within the borders of California. We
were living under a purely military government,
at the head of which was a colonel m the Army
of the United States, who assumed and exercised
all authority over that vast extent o*P country.
We had no government of our own, except such
as we were compelled to form; and, in this state
of things, we adopted a State constitution, and
under it we presented ourselves here as represent-
atives of the State; and we wanted immediate
admission. Mr. Clay, with others, expressed his
desire that the State should be instantly admitted,
and said he would exert himself for its instant
admission. Afterthisstatementbyhimand others,
I went away; I thought I had nothing further to
do; I had performed my duty by presenting the
matter to those who had the power. The Presi-
dent of the United States said the same thing; he
declared that he would send in the constitution,
and urge the immediate admission of the State.
Thus, having no doubt of the immediate admis-
sion of California, I left this city temporarily.
While I was away in New York, I found that
the Senator from Kentucky had changed his po-
sition, and had gone against the immediate admis-
sion of California. I came to Washington and
had an interview with him; and he told me that
a number of memBers of the lower House of
Congress, and among them,-I believe, I see now
before me a Senator of this body who was one
of the spokesmen, had called upon him and had
pledged their honor to him that they would never
permit California to be admitted as a member of
the Confederacy until the question of slavery in
the Territories was settled; that there was a suf-
ficient number who were determined, by resort-
ing to the rules of the House, to prevent the pas-
sage of a bill admitting California as a State, and
that they intended to prosecute their determination
even to the destruction of the Government. Mr.
Clay said he was thoroughly convinced of the
truth of their assertion, and hence he had determ-
ined not to press the separate admission of Cali-
fornia into the Union.
I acquiesced in that view of the Senator from
Kentucky. I did not want the admission of
California to cause the destruction of the Union
itself, and hence I was willing to have her just
rights delayed; the privileges to w hich she was
entitled, as a portion of the Confederacy, over-
looked for a time, rather than that her admission
should result in the destruction of the very Con-
federacy of which she sought to be a member. I
was not, like the Senator from New Hampshire,
brave enough to jeopardize the existence of the
Government in order to accomplish an object
which I knew to fee right and proper, and that
was the immediate admission of California as a
sovereign State. I was willing to bide my time
rather than to bring this injury and danger upon
the country.
Further, sir, at a later period of' that contest,
which is familiar to many of those in this Chamber,
who were then participants in it, it is well known
that the conflict became more fierce, and I was called
on by the President of the United States in order
to make a demonstration which he suggested, to
separate these questions, one from the other, to
join my colleagues—the other Senator and the two
Representatives from California—in signing a
memorial and protest against connecting the ad-
mission of California with the other compromise
measures; and he pledged himself that if I would
join my colleagues in seeding that protest to the
two Houses of Congress, California would be ad-
mitted in a week, and I would be in my seat in
the Senate. I told him of the interview I had had
with the Senator from Kentucky, and said that as
far as I was concerned, I would not force the
question when I believed, as I then did, convinced
by the experience of those older than myself, that
it would jeopardize the Confederacy. I was not
brave enough to seek to accomplish what I knew,
was immediately just and right to the State which
I represented, and to press it so as to jeopardize
the existence of the Union, and that is what I
have indicated here to-day. I have submitted to
the judgment of those who represent the Repub-
lican party, even if they think it is right, whether
it is proper to press the success of a political party
in this country to the point of destroying tho Gov-
ernment. That was my suggestion. I said that
I made the suggestion because I represented a
constituency in favor of the preservation of the
Union, although they arc very remote from the
seat of your Government. Wo revere this Union,
wo honor it, and we desire to preserve it. My
only object in the remarks which I made, was to
present to the country the idea that there is dan-
fer, and to submit whether it is not best to pause
efore parties get so much excited that it will bo
impossible to prevent a collision.
Mr. WILSON. I rise, Mr. President, for the
purpose of saying a word or two in reply to the
remarks which have been made by the Senator
from Ajabama. That Senator stated, and repeated
the statement often during his speech, that the
people of the North hated slavery and hated slave-
holders ; and he quoted remarks said to have been
made by Governor Chase, and made the declara-
tion that we of tho free States concurred in that
sentiment.
Mr. CLAY. The Senater does not fairly rep-
resent me. I said the Republican party; not the
people of the northern States.
Mr. WILSON. Very well, sir. I did not in-
tend to misstate the Senator. I know that he
referred to the Republican party. I think there
must be some mistake in the remark attributed
to Governor Chase. I have known Governor
Chase long and well; and if there be a man m
America who does not entertain such a sentiment
as has been attributed to him, I believe he is that
man. I think there must be some mistake about
that matter. I have no doubt about it. I tell
the Senator from Alabama that he docs to us on
this floor injustice, if he believes that we hate
slaveholders. He does the Republicans of the
free States the grossest injustice in making the
declarations he has made here to-day. The Sen-
ator from Alabama may travel in every frcs State
of this Union, and he will be received with the
kindness and the courtesy that the people extend
to any of us on this side of the Chamber.
Mr. CLAY. Not if I carried my slave with
me; because, by the laws of your State, of New
Hampshire, and of Michigan, I should incur the
perils of a felon if I carried my slave to any of
those States and sought to hold him there.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Alabama
has no right to carry his slaves into a free State;
and the moment he takes them there, they become
as free as himself. Now, sir, I say that the Sen-
ator may go into Faneuil Hall, he may go into
Tremont Temple, he may go into any gathering
of the Republicans of Massachusetts, and he will
be treated with tho kindness and the courtesy that
should be extended to a Senator of the United
States. I repudiate, to-day, the charge that the Re-
publicans of my State hate slaveholders. No man
can ever witness a gathering of Republicans in
any part of our country without hearing declared,
in the boldest and most explicit language, thatths
