1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
Mr. VANDEVER. This bill was originally
placed on'the Private Calendar; but 1 think that,
at a subsequent time, the House ordered it to be
placed on this Calendar; and my point is, that it
js not appropriate for this or any other committee
to revise the action of the House referring par-
ticular bills to this or any other Calendar.
Mr. GROW. I am willing to stay here; but I
cannot ask the House to stay when there is no
more territorial business to be done. I there-
fore move that the committee rise.
Mr. OTERO. I ask the indulgence of the com-
mittee for one moment.
Mr. GROW. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. VANDEVER. I hope the objection to
this bill will be withdrawn.
Mr. OTERO. I do not wish to take preced-
ence of the gentleman's bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
the bills referred to cannot be taken up, objection
being made by the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. OTERO. I would like to know on what
ground the objection is made.
Mr. BURNETT. If the bills will not give rise
to discussion, 1 have no objection to their being
taken up and considered.
BLUEMONT COLLEGE.
The committee then proceeded to consider bill
H. R. No. 203, to enable the trustees of Bluemont
College to preempt a certain quarter section of
land, and for other purposes.
The bill was read.
Mr. COBB. I ask my colleague on the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to give the reasons why
these gentlemen should have this exclusive privi-
lege, which has been denied to many others who
have applied for the same thing. I am satisfied
that the Committee on Public Lands, at the last
session, ordered me to report adversely on this
bill; but there may be circumstances in the case
which render it proper that we should give to these
gentlemen a privilege which we have refused to
other colleges and institutions.
Mr. VANDEVER. I will state the facts of
the case. This particular quarter section of land
was preempted by an individual, and this bill
simply gives the assent of Congress to confirm
the legal title to the land to the trustees of this
college; who, at a subsequent period, by the per-
mission of the preemptor, made valuable improve-
ments on it.
Mr. COBB. Those being the facts, I think the
bill right.
Mr. VANDEVER. There is no adverse claim.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN NEW MEXICO.
The committee then proceeded to consider a bill
(H. R. No. 195) to confirm certain private land
claims iri the Territory of New Mexico.
The bill was read.
Mr. COBB. I object to it. I want an oppor-
tunity of looking into it.
Mr. OTERO. I am very much surprised that
the gentleman from Alabama should have been
here six years, during which this matter has all
the time been before Congress, and yet never
looked into it or learned anything about it.
Mr. COBB. This bill came from the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims. I have not been a
member of that committee. I have been a mem-
ber of the Committee on Public Lands. If the
bill had been before that committee, I should have
been familiar with it.
Mr. OTERO. The gentleman has been a mem-
ber of Congress, and should have looked into it.
Mr. COBB. Well, if the gentleman will with-
draw his imputation upon me for ignorance, I
believe 1 will withdraw my objection to the bill.
[Laughter.]
Mr. OTERO. Certainly; I withdraw every-
thing.
The bill was then taken up. It provides that
the private land claims in the Territory of New
Mexico, as lecomnendedfor confiimation by the
surveyor general of that Territory, and in his
letter to the Commissioner of the Land Office
of the 12th of January, 185S, designated as Nos.
I, 3. 4. 6, 8, 9, 10, 12, 14, 15, 16, 17, and 18, and
the claim of E. W. Eaton, not entered on the cor-
rected list of numbers, but standing on the origin-
al docket and abstract returns of the surveyor
general as No. 16, be, and they are hereby, con-
firmed; provided, the claim No. 9, in the name of
John Scolly and others, shall not be confirmed
for more than five square leagues; and provided,
further, that this act shall only be construed as a
relinquishment of all right and title on the part of
the United States, and shall not affect any atlverse
valid right, should such exist.
The Bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
CHARLES H. MASON—AGAIN.
Mr. GROW. Now 1 hope, the committee will,
by unanimous consent, take up and dispose of the
bill for the relief of Charles H. Mason. It sim-
ply provides for the difference between the salary
of Governor and secretary of a Territory, while
he acted as Governor.
Mr. BRANCH. I can say that it is a very
meritorious claim.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
' Mr. GROW. I move now that the committee
rise and report the bills to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Sherman reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the Calendar of territorial business, and had di-
rected him to report sundry bills to the House,
with the recommendation that they do pass; also
three bills, with the recommendation that the
Committee of the Whole On the Private Calendar
be discharged from their further consideration;
and also, with the recommendation that they do
Mr. GROW. I propose that all the bills, with
the exception of No. 704, relating to the public
buildings in the Territories, be acted on in gross;
that the previous question be ordered on them, and
then we may adjourn.
There being no objection, the previous ques-
tion was seconded, and the main question ordered
on all the bills.
All the bills reported from the committee, with
the exception of the one indicated, were then, as
amended in committee, ordered to be engrossed,
and read a third time; and being engrossed, were
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. GROW moved to rcconsider the vote by
which the bills were passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I demand a separate vote on
the bills.
The SPEAKER. It is too late. >
Mr. MILLSON. I wish to say that I did not
give my assent to acting on the bills m gross. I
merely assented to their being taken up. I, how-
ever, will make no question on the matter now.
On motion of Mr. GARTRELL, the House
then (at five o'clock, p.m.) adjourned until Mon-
day next, at three o'clock, p. m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 14, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gukley.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Journal will
be read.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to dispense with
the reading of the Journal. I want to submit a
motion to adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to dispensing with the reading of the
Journal.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
iVIr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
what occasion there is for adjourning.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The Senate is very thin,
and most of our people have gone, anyhow.
Mr. COLLAMER. If they want to stay away,
let them do so.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I submit the motion. I
shall be governed by the views of the majority.
Mr. LANE. I think we had better have the
Journal read. I am opposed to adjourning unless
it is necessary to adjourn. We have a greatdeal
of business to do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
direct the Journal to be read, although by unani-
mous consent it was dispensed with on a very
deliberate statement by the Chair.
Mr. LANE. I am not anxious to have the
Journal read; but I do not want to adjourn. I
do not at, all desire any discussion to-day" by any
Senator who wants to go away; btitlf the'Senate
remain in session, I hope I shall have an opportu-
nity of getting up the Oregon war debt bin, and
have it discussed, with a view of having action
as early as possible. It is a vital matter, a matter
of justice;and I want to know whetherthe Senate
will extend justice or refuse it to-the people of ray •
State. I hope theSenate will take up that bill, or
some other matter that we can consider, and con-
tinue to discharge our duty here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the Journal.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal of
Friday.
Mr. BIGLER. I did not understand the Sen-
ator from Oregon as insisting on the reading Of
the Journal. It was dispensed with by common
consent, I understood. I make the motion again
that the reading be dispensed with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itcan only be done
by unanimous consent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary must
continue the reading of the Journal.
The Secretary proceeded with and concluded
the reading of the Journal of Friday.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE..
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills; in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 557) to establish two Indian agencies
in Nebraska Territory, and one in the Territory
of New Mexico;
A bill (No. 703) making appropriation for the
payment of the expenses of the Legislative As-
sembly of the Territory of Minnesota;
A bill (No. 702) making appropriations for the
construction of certain military roads m the Ter-
ritory of Washington;
A bill (No. 705) making appropriations for
territorial libraries;
A bill (No. 203) to enable the trustees of the
Bluemont College to preempt a certain quarter
section of land, and for other purposes;
A bill (No. 189) for the relief of the legal rep-
re., entatives of the estate of Charles H. Mason;
A bill (No. 181) to provide fora superintendent
of Indian affairs for Washington Territory and
additional Indian agents;
A bill (No. 195) to confirm certain private land
claims in the Territory of New Mexico; and
A bill (No. 200) to provide for the completion
of the military road from Fort Union to Santa Fe,
New Mexico.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills and joint
lesolution:
A bill (S. No. 90) to create an additional land
district in Washington Territory;
A bill (S. No. 340) to carry into effect the con-
vention between the United States and the Re-
public of Paraguay;
A bill (H. R. No. 661) to furnish additional
mail facilities; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 15) for the relief
of Thomas C. Ware.
RECEPTION OF THE JAPANESE MISSION.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, we all
know that on this day is to occur a very remark-
able event—the landing of the Japanese mission
to this country. In order that very many who
desire to witness it, and I confess myself amongst
the number, may have the opportunity to do so,
and as the Senate is very thin, in consequence no
doubt of most of our members having gone to
witness that scene, I move that the Senate ad-
journ, so that we may all be afforded an oppor-
tunity of witnessing it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
whether, if he moves an adjournment, it may not
be better to fix a specified time for reassembling.
Probably all this show will be through m the
course of an hour and a half or two hours.
Mr. FOSTER. They will not be here for three
hours.
