1148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
south boundary of Kansas, in the direction of Fort Gibson
and Galveston Bay; a railroad from the western bound-
ary of the State of Missouri, south of the fourth standard
parallel line, so as to connect with the Osage Valley and
Southern Kansas railroad, thence westerly, in the direction
of Burlington and Emporia, to Fort Riley.
Sec."—. Jindbe it further enacted, That there be, and are
hereby, granted to the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska
alternate sections of the public lands, to the same extent
and in the same manner, and upon the same limitations
and restrictions in every respect,-as are by the preceding
sections of this act granted to the Territory of Nebraska, to
aid in the construction of a railroad from Elmwood, in
Kansas, or some .other eligible point, to fee determined by
the Legislature, so as to connect with the Hannibal and
St. Joseph railroad,:to Fort Kearny, in the Nebraska Ter-
ritory. '
Sec.—. And, be it further enacted, That none of the
lands herein granted shall be disposed of by said Territo-
ries, upon the line of any of the roads herein mentioned,
until after the construction and equipment of twenty con-
secutive'miles of said road.
CALL OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. GROW. I now call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. PENDLETON. I hope the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will not insist upon that call.
Let us introduce our bills and have them referred.
Mr. GROW. I must insist on the regular order
of business.
The SPjSAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness being called for, reports are in order from
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. CASE. My colleague, [Mr. Kilgore,]
I know, has a report from that committee, which
he is desirous to report. He is not in his seat at
present. I hope he will be allowed to make his
report when he comes in.
APPEAL IN CERTAIN CRIMINAL CASES.
Mr. HICKMAN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back a bill to provide for an
♦ appeal to the Supreme Court of the United States
in certain criminal eases, with an amendment.
Mr. HICKMAN. I ask that the bill and amend-
^ment be printed,
Mr. SPEAKER. What disposition docs the
gentleman propose for the bill? The bill is 011 its
passage, unless thegentleman proposes some other
disposition of it.
Mr. HICKMAN. I did not suppose it was
necessary to make any reference. If so, I move
to refer it to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The bill was accordingly referred, and ordered
to be printed.
THE NATURALIZATION LAWS.
Mr. HICKMAN, from the same committee,
reported back House bill No. 104, to amend the
naturalization laws of the United States; which
was laid on the table.
CHARLESTON COURT-HOUSE.
Mr. HICKMAN, from the same committee,
reported back the presentment of the grand jury
of the city of Charleston, South Carolina, urging
the necessity of a new court-house in that city;
which was laid on the table.
PHARMACEUTICAL ASSOCIATION.
Mr. HICKMAN, from the same committee,
reported back the petition of Samuel M. Colcolie
and others, asking the incorporation of the Amer-
ican Pharmaceutical Association; which was laid
on the table.
JOHN S. CHAUNCEY AND OTHERS.
Mr. HICKMAN, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petition of John S.
Chauncey, George Miner, and others, securities
for Dangerfield; which, with the petition, was laid
on the table.
CENSUS LAWS.
Mr. HICKMAN, from the same committee,
reported back the following resolution, with a
recommendation that it do not pass:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into tlie expediency of an amendment
of the law providing lor the taking of the seventh and sub-
sequent censuses of the United States.
The resolution was laid on the table.
M'FARLAND & DOWNING.
Mr. HICKMAN, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the petition of McFarland
& Downing; which was laid on the table,andthe
report ordered to be printed.
PAPER CURRENCY.
Mr. HICKMAN, from the same committee,
reported back a bill to establish and regulate a
paper circulation of uniform value throughout the
United States, and for other purposes, with the
recommendation that it be referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to move
that that bill be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and to ask that the bill be printed. It is
a matter that has reference to the commerce of
the country. I suppose there will be no objec-
tion to that reference.
Mr. HICKMAN. I have no objection.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think that bill ought not
to go to the Committee on Commerce. It is a
bill, if I understand it from its caption, having
reference only to the currency for the District of
Columbia.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Oh, no; the bill
provides for the deposit of gold and silver bullion,
and the issuance of certificates of deposit, which
may be used as currency throughout the United
States.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then, I take it for granted
the bill ought to go to the Committes of Ways
and Means.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I would suggest to
the House that this subject should be appropri-
ately referred to the Committee on Commerce,
that committee now having before them the ques-
tion of a branch mint for the city of New York.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be referred to
the Committee on Commerce, if no objection be
made.
Mr. FLORENCE. I object. It is clearly the
business of the Committee of Ways and Means to
take charge of all'such subjects as this. It has
nothing to do with the duties of the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. BRANCH. I desire to know what reason
the gentleman from Illinois can give for moving
that this bill be printed. It is certainly an un-
usual course for the House to order bills referred
to standing committees of the House to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. For the reason
that we are continually receiving requests for
copies of the bill by persons outside the House,
and for the further reason that we desire that it
shall be printed for the information of the House.
Mr. BRANCH. Well, sir, I think the system
which is in use, of printing all the bills reported
from committees, entails expense enough upon
the House, without printing the bills referred to
committees.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask that rule 83 be read,
which defines the duties of the Committee on
Commerce.
The rule was read, as follows:
" It shall be the duty of the Committee on Commerce to
take into consideiation ali such petitions and matters or
things touching tiie commerce of tiic United States shall
lie presented or shall or may come into question, and be re-
ferred to them by the House ; and to lepoit fioin tune to
time their opinion thereon."
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Will my friend
from Pennsylvania declare that this matter of cur-
rency has nothing to do with commerce ?
Mr. FLORENCE. I will say to the gentle-
man from New York that, in my opinion, no
such subject can be referred to the Committee on
Commerce under the rule of the House. I do
not say that it has nothing to do with commerce,
for in its transit from one point of the country to
another it maybe connected with commerce; but
I submit that the matter of a currency has nothing
to do with the duties of that committee, as laid
down in the rule which has been read. And fur-
ther than that, it has been, I believe, the uniform
practice of the House to refer all matters con-
nected with the currency of the country, or with
bank issues, to the Committee of Ways and
Means. That has been the uniform practice, if
my memory serves me correctly.
Mr. HOUSTON. So far as I am concerned,
I do not care where the bill goes; but I will say
that, so far as that subject has heretofore been
considered by the House, it has been referred al-
ways to the Committee of Ways and Means. As
I understand this bill—and I have not read it at
all out of committee—I understand thatit proposes
to regulate the deposit of bullion, the transmis-
sion of itfrom one pointof the country to another,
and the issuance, perhaps, of draftsof some sortor
character, to be transmitted from one portion of
the country to another. I think it has been the
uniform custom, and I think the proper course is
to refer it to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. The question now is upon
the motion to refer to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I do
not concur in the objection of the gentleman from
North Carolina to tfie printing of these bills. The
Senate is in the habit of printing all of their bills,
even bills introduced by a member on leave; and
I think one reason why so much of the legislation
of this House passes without the knowledge of
its members is that its bills are not printed. They
are reported back here, sir, and are frequently put
upon their passage. A motion to reconsider the
vote by which they were referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union is made;
and then that motion is called, up, the previous
question is demanded and sustained, and the bill
passed under the operation thereof; the'members
knowing nothing of it, except that which they
may gather while the yeas and nays are being
called. I think that it would be a wholesome
innovation to adopt here the practice which
prevails in the Senate, and in most of our State
Legislatures, that all bills brought into this House
be printed.
Mr. FLORENCE. What we have here is one
of the results of a violation of the rules of this
House. I think that if, every morning, we pro-
ceeded in order, and according to the rules, instead
of acting in the confusion and disorder which gen-
erally prevail hefe, it would facilitate our business
very much. We would then avoid a good deal of
the difficulty which now obstructs the course of
legislation in this body. I have no objection to the
printing of this bill. I think, as a general rule,
that we should afford every means possible for
the communication of information to the members
of the House, in order that they may act intelli-
gently. It is not the order to print that I object
to; but I do object, sir, to the reference of this
hill to the Committee on Commerce., which, under
the rules, has nothing whatever to do with the
matter in hand
Mr. Speaker, the proposition made the other
day by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. John
Cochrane,] that a bill in relation to the establish-
ment of an assay office, or a coinage department
of the Mint of the United States, should go to
the Committee on Commerce, was made, I think,
in defiance of the rules of this House. I think
that that bill ought to be brought back from that
committee. I think that it ought to be discharged
from its further consideration, and referred to a
more appropriate committee. I am of the opinion
that it ought to go to the Committee of Ways and
Means, who, under the rules, have the custody
and consideration of all subjects relating to the
currency and revenues of the country.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Will the gentleman
yield to me for one moment?
Mr. FLORENCE. Certainly.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I take it, sir, that
when the voice of this House refers a matter to
a committee, it is paramount to its rules, and is
itself a rule for that case. We of the Committee
on Commerce have found that that subject was,
with eminent propriety, referred to us. 'We have
found that it is intimately connected with the com-
merce of the whole country—with the commer-
cial interests as well of Philadelphia as of those
of New York. I trust, too, that we shall be able
to make to this House such a report as will be
extremely satisfactory to my friend from Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have great confidence in
the gentleman's ability, integrity, and sense of
justice. I tell him that I have nothing to do with
particular localities of the Union, as such, so far
as this subject is concerned. I stand here with
"no pent-up Utica" contracting my powers. I
am here to legislate for the whole country, and I
do not believe that I am in any way actuated by
selfish local prejudices. In this matter, I spcalc
of a general principle which should rule and gov-
ern the action of this House. I do not object or
favor a reference because Philadelphia or Nrw
York is concerned. I have nothing to do with
either, except to take care of the interests of the
people I represent whenever occasion offers. I
am upon this floor, first of all, to watch and guard
the interests of Philadelphia. That I am frank to
admit.
Mr. Speaker, one word on the reference of this
subject being an expression of the voice of the
