1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
House. Every one remembers that, on the day
the reference was made, there was so much con-
fusion, because of the great number of members
seeking for the floor—there was so great a rush
to get bills and resolutions before the House —
that it was difficult to learn what was the voice of
the House on any proposition. The bill I have
mentioned was referred, sir, without that exam-
ination and consideration which we ought to give
to a subject so vital in itself, and so vital in refer-
ence to the execution of our rules. That is one
reason why we should never proceed to the dis-
charge of any business out of order, and in de-
fiance of the rules of the House. That bill was
referred under a resolution, introduced by unan-
imous consent, that bills and resolutions should
be introduced for reference which would give rise
to no debate. I do n^t stand here to review the
references made under that resolution during the
day or two when it was in force. The bill for a
coinage department in New York came in here,
and was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
because the attention of the House, which then
was perhaps impossible, was not attracted to it.
There was such a rush of business, that if a gen-
tleman left his seat for one moment, to see any-
body at the door who had sent for him, something
of that character would be taken up and referred
before the members had time barely to know what
was going on.
Mr. JUNKIN. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask my friend
from Pennsylvania, where, upon that occasion,
when the voice of the House was so weak, when
its attention was so much relaxed, was the senti-
nel who always stands upon the walls, guarding
the interests of the great city he represents?
Mr. FLORENCE. That sentinel, on that oc-
casion, had divers duties to discharge. He was
here to watch the interests of his constituents,
and also he had to take care of their interests
outside of this House. He was called from the
House, and, during the moment that he was ab-
sent, this bill was referred to the Committee on
Commerce. If ho could that day have obtained
the floor, he certainly would have insisted that
the bill should take its appropriate reference to
the Committee of Ways anil Mean?, instead of
- to the Committee on Commerce. Next morning
he would have made the motion to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred to the Com-
mittee-on Commerce, but he did not arrive here
time enough, having business at the Departments
to attend to which detained him beyond the time
when such a motion was in order. Gentlemen
must know that ho had duties to l}is constituents
to discharge at the Departments as well as here.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I demand the
previous question on the motion to refer to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BRANCH. Does that demand for the pre-
vious question covcr the motion to print?
The SPEAKER. It covers both motions; the
motion to refer and the motion to print.
Mr. BRANCH. I ask for a separate vote on
the motion to print. .
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the right
to demand a division of the question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the bill was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
on the motion to print.
Mr. BRANCH. I wish to say in regard to
that motion, not meaning to debate it at length,
that if it is agreed to, it will inaugurate a new
practicc. Our former practice has been never to
order bills to be printed, unless they have been
examined by a standing committee and reported
back to the House. If we adopt the practice of
printing bills upon their second reading, or upon
their reference to a standing committee of this
House, then we will have to print nearly one
thousand bills,uponan average, each session, one
half or two thirds of which are never reported
back, favorably or unfavorably. It will only in-
volve the country in that much additional ex-
pense and clog up the records of this House. I
object to it, simply because it is inaugurating a
new practice, and one which I think will be a bad
0IMr. CURTIS: I hope that the bill will be or-
dered to be printed. I agree with the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. V all andigham] in what he said
on the subject. Many bills are never seen by the
members of this House, because they have not
been printed when introduced here. I take it for
granted that no mem'ber will ask for the printing
of a bill, unless it is important that it should be
printed; and I hope that when, hereafter, mem-
bers ask that bills shall be printed, their request
will be complied with by the House.
The question was taken; and the motion to
print was agreed to.
PENNSYLVANIA JUDICIAL DISTRICTS.
Mr. HICKMAN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back House bill No. 33, to di-
vide the State of Pennsylvania into three judicial
districts, and to establish a district court to be
holden ill the city of Erie, with the recommend-
ation that it do pass; which was referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and, With the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
PROTECTION OP CITIZENS.
Mr. HICKMAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report back to the
House several resolutions referred to them, and
to ask that they be severally adopted. •
The Clerk read the first resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee be instructed
to inquire and report to this House what additional legisla-
tion, if any, is necessary to give protection to citizens en-
gaged in the pursuit of their private and lawful business
while traveling or sojourning in other States than those in
which they reside.
Mr. RUFFIN. I object to it.
The SPEAKER. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary reports sundrv resolutions
back, with a recommendation that they do pass.
The first resolution has been read, and the ques-
tion is now upon agreeing to it.
Mr. McQJJEEN. Mr. Speaker, if it is in order,
I desire to amend the resolution by inserting an
amendment that said committee inquire whether
any person or persons are in the habit of going
into the southern States to steal negroes from said
States, or to incite the slaves of said States to in-
surrection, arson, and murder; and whether any
citizens of the United States are engaged in the
establishment of underground railroads, or in the
management of the same, for the transportation
of such stolen negroes to Canada; and if so, to
report what legislation, if any, compatible with
the Constitution, is necessary to prevent the same.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that that reso-
lution was reported upon adversely.
The SPEAKER. It is reported upon favor-
ably.
Mr .'KELLOGG, of Illinois. These resolutions
were offered to the House, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary. There was no au-
thority given by that reference to us to take any
action upon them. The committee felt it to be its
duty to report this, with the other resolutions,
back to the House, and then they could pass a
resolution asking for the action of the committee,
or refuse to do so. It is merely putting the mat-
ter m the same position it was in when it was re-
ferred to the committee. The committee have
taken no action upon it, because of the peculiar
reference of it. The resolution did not pass the
House, but was merely referred to our committee.
The only action the committee could take upon'
it, was to report it back; and, if the House passes
the resolution now, it will be merely directing the
committee to inquire into the matter. This is
merely a recommendation in relation to the char-
acter and substance of the inquiry.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think that the chairman of
the Committee on the Judiciary , in all likelihood,
mav be mistaken; that is my impression, and I
would suggest to him to withdraw the resolution
until he can look at the record of the committee, so
that there may be no mistake about it.
Mr. HICKMAN. I am willing to withdraw
the'resolution for that purpose.
The resolution was accordingly withdrawn.
UNITED STATES TROOPS AS POSSE COMITATES.
The next resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire as to the legal authority to employ the
armed forces of the United States for posse comtatus, and
have leave to report by bill or otherwise.
The resolution was agreed to.
UNITES STATES COURT IN KENTUCKY.
The next resolution was then read,,andis as. fol-
lows: '  ■
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of holding sn.an-
nuai session of the Federal court in the cities of Covington
and Padacah, in the Commonwealth of Kentucky.
T}ie resolution, was'agreed to.' ,f
SLAVERY IN THE TERRITORIES, ETC. !
The next resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That so, much of the President's message ay
refers to the legality of slavery in the Territories, and so
much thereof as recommends*, or has relation to, an appro-
priation to be made by Congress, to be paid to the Spanish
Government for the purpose of distribution among the
claimants in the Aioistad case, be referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, with instructions to inquire into and
report upon the propriety of said recommendation in rela-
tion to the Amistad case, and of the statement and recom-
mendations of the said message in relation to the legality of
slavery in the Territories.
Upon this resolution
Mr. GROW demanded the previous question,
which was seconded; and the main question was
ordered to be put.
The main question was upon agreeing to the
resolution; which was agreed to.
RENDITION OF FUGITIVES FROM JUSTICE.
The next resolution was read, as follows:;.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be, and
they are hereby, directed to inquire whether any, and if
so, what, further legislation by Congress is necessary to
secure the prompt, iaithful, and efficient execution of the
provision of section two, arUcle four, of the Constitution
of the United States, in respect to the rendition of fugitives
from justice; with leave to report by bill or otherwise.
The resolution was agreed to.
PAY OP CONTESTANTS FOR SEATS IN CONGRESS.
The next resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to report a bill amendatory of the act passed Feb-
ruary 19,1851, providing that no contestant for a seat in the
House of Representatives shall be paid anything, either as
salary or otherwise, unless he shuil be successful in llis con-
test, and be admitted to bis seat in the House."
The resolution was agreed to. ,
ACCOUNTS OF CHAKLES N. PINE. ■
The next resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be, and
hereby is, respectfully requested to transmit to this House,
at the earliest possible period consistent with hii other of-
ficial duties, a statement showing the several amounts paid
to Charles N. Vine, late United States marshal for the
northern judicial district of the State of Illinois, specifying
the amount of each payment, and what the same was for;
whether the jurors of said district court have at all times,
when discharged, been paid off m money or certificates- Of
service ; and if not in money, the reason for not so paying
them; and what is the present state of the accounts of the
said Pine, showing particularly in this connection, whether
lie was at any time, or is now, in arrears to the Govern-
ment, or a defaulter thereto, and if so, in what amojint,
and when said defalcation first occurred; and whether the
amount thereof has been paid to the Government by the
securities of the said Pine, and if not, the reason therefor,
and whether they have been sued for the same. That the
said Secretary of the Interior be also requested to commu-
nicate to this House, the several sums of money paid to the
United States district attorney for the northern district of
the State of Illinois, since the date of his appointment for
his services, or alleged services, as such attorney, speci-
fying particularly the amount of each item of payment, and
what the same was for.
The resolution was agreed to.
NORTHERN JUDICIAL DISTRICT OP NEW YORK.
Mr. HICKMAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report the following
bill, upon the recommendation of the Secretary
of the Interior, and to ask that it be now put
upon its passage: .
A bill to repeal the third section of an act en-
titled " An act to increase and regulate the terms
of the circuit and district courts for the northern
district of the State of New York," approved
July 7, 1838. r „ .
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I would like the
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary to
state the contents of this bill, and its effect.
Mr. HICKMAN. There are some papers, cor-
respondence, &c., accompanying the bill, which,
if read, will explain it.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. So far as 1 am in-
dividually concerned, I would not like to have the
reading of these papers trespassupon the atten-
tion of the House, if the House is satisfied with
this bill. If the bill is approved by the district
attorney of the northern district of New YoxK, it
will meet my approbation.
