THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C,
Thirty-Sixtii Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1859.
New Series No, 9.*
my knowledge in his day and time; for the pap(fs
report that the whole assemblage rose spontane-
ously and simultaneously to their feet and greeted
the mention of his name with deafening applause—
a Senator who has been hitherto the leader of his
party in all their measures of oppressive policy
towards the South; and I say that I have reason
to believe that he spoke the sentiment of the great
Republican party—I mean great in numbers—be-
cause he has been thus honored by them, and be-
cause since lie uttered the remarks which 1 shall
read, he has been reelected to the Senate of the
United States. Of course I mean Mr. Scward.
The Senatorfrom New York, m 1855, speaking of
the many bonds of tli e Union upon the N or Ji, said:
" The slaveholders, m spite ol all their threats, uie bound
to it by the same bond-i; and they aj o bound to it also by a
bond peculiarly their own—that ot dependence on it lor their
own feafetv. Three million slaves aie a kpHtiio force con-
stantly in their pie&euce, m then veiy minhi. The servile
wai is always the most i'eaifui ibim oi war. The woikl
without sympathize with the s&ivi!e enemy."
Now, I submit, if that monster, John Brown,
h&d achieved his purpose, and had succeeded in
arming fifteen hundred or two thousand slaves in
Virginia v/ilh tJ^e murderous weapon which was
prepared in Kew England for their use, and we
bad witnessed a bloody insurrection in this coun-
try, should I be doing great wrong, great injus-
tice, to the distinguished Senator from New Ym*k
if 1 charged that luj sympathized with this servile
foe, that he approved this insurrection? I answer
in his own htngua.' ;e to such a charge, "The world
without sympathises with the servile foe;" raid !
why? fVcause I presume that the Senator from j
New York, apcukingfor his party, regards us, as I
expressed in your platform, us violators of the |
rights of humanity, and criminal in the eyes of |
God and of all Christian men. I
Mi. President, 1 am not prepared to allege that !
all the members of the Republican party, or that j
all the Republican Senators upon this floor, arc j
ready to indorse this sentiment of the Senator 1
from IsVwYork; I am not prepared to say that all 1
of them hate slaveholders; but what i say is, that J
it is the predominant sentiment of the party which t
they represent. I censure them for not condemn- j
aig that sentiment in their midst; ay, for having
encouraged it by the principles they avow, and
the sentiments they profess. They have them-
selves invoked a spirit in their midst which is
45 subtler than brute force and mightier than armed
men." They ha^ e themselves created a storm upon
which they may ride to power, but which they
cannot fhen control. We hear the low mutterings
of its ominous thunder, and sometimes see the
fitful gleams of its baleful lightning; and, sir, if
no higher purpose could animate us, the mere
brute instinct of self-preservation would impel us
to prepare for the conflict, and the defense of our
rights against that powei which threatens their
destruction, and which, so far as State legislation
can, has destroyed them, by, if necessary, armed
resistance.
I speak, sir, as an American Senator, as an
embassador from a sovereign and coequal State
of this Union, with a due sense of my responsi-
bilities to the people of my State, and to the Union
—ay, of my responsibilities to myself. I have
spoken, and will speak, m no terms of menace. I
will not venture even to predict what my people
will do. 1 only <i\ow what 1 believe their honor,
their love of independence, and their love of ex-
istence itself will justify and require of tJiem. I
know how you have been accustomed to treat all
intimations of a purpose oi a power, under any
circumstances of oppression, however grievous,
to separate, to secede, and establish an independ-
ent government on the part ot the South. X
know the Senator, who sits on your right, [Mr.
Wade,] has laughed to scorn the idea of the
southern people having the power or the will to
resist the North, and to maintain their independ-
ence out of the Union. J know that he indulged
in every expression of contempt for our weakness,
and of hatred of our crimes, and ended by declar-
ing that any member of a partnership would kick
such a partner out.
9
Sir, I do not choose to protract this discussion.
I trust that X have said enough, and shown enough
this morning to justify me in the positions I have
taken. I have shown that by the noil-action of all
and by the legislation of some seven States in the
northern part of this Confederacy—1 have not
prosecuted my inquiries long enough to ascertain
whether there are others—a solemn obligation
of the Federal Constitution for the restoration of
fugitive slaves has been nullified, and that they
have gone further in some of the .States, and pun-
ished criminally the carrying of a slave into them.
I have appealed to Senators to know whether they
condemned this legislation', whether they were
willing to keep that part of the covenant which
our fathers made; whether if there were no legis-
lation by Congress on the subject, they would
themselves adjure their party to enact laws to se~
curethe rendition of fugitive slaves. I have asked
them whether in case a vessel filled with slaves,
launched from the port of Charleston, on its way
to Galveston in the State of Texas, was seized by
any foreign Power, and ®ur property confiscated,
they would be willing to exert all the poweis of
this Government, either for its recovery, tir for our
remuneration; and whether they would merely
claim through tile representative of our Govern-
ment in any such foreign court, of a Power that
had thus abused our rights, any remuneration., 1
paused for a reply to all these questions. 1 asked
them without passion, and in no offensive terms.
Silence, silence, was the only response to all these
interrogatories. I told you that I should construe
your silence into an approbation of these acts nul-
lifying tlie fugitive slave aet, and you suffered me
so to interpiet, it thereafter.
Then the olt< rnative presented to the South by
your party, if you get the power, is that we must
continue to pay taxes, to perform military duty,
to endure all the burdens of this Government,
and yet you will disregard and violate some of
the solemn obligations which were, intended for
our benefit whenever the occasion arises; that we
are to stand in the Union as subjects really, and
not as free citizens; that we are to stand in it as
outlaws, who dare not pass the limits of the slave-
holding States vv ilii our property, at the peril of
its loss and even of our own personal liberty.
If you think that this is just, that it is consritu-
tional, that it is fraternal, it is impossible for us
to harmonize, it is impossible for us to live under
a Governnunt administered by your party.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President ■
Mr. FESSENDEN. If my friend will give
way I will move an adjournment.
Mr. WADE. Very well.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. MASON. If the Senator will allow me,
I hope that we shall, at the le-jst, obtain one vote
on this resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You cannot get it to-day.
Mr. MASON. I hope we shall not adjourn yet.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question oc,
the motion to adiourn, and a division was called
for.
Mr. YULEE. I understood the Senator from
Ohio to desire it,.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He gave way for that
motion.
Mr. MASON. X ask for the yeas and nays on
the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator from Ohio desires
an adjournment in order that lie may deliver his
opinions to the Senate, of course 1 will agree
to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Ohio
gave way to my motion eaid assented to it.
Air. Y/ADE. I have no particular desire about
it. I do not expect to detain the Senate a great
while, of course.
Mr. MASON. Allow me to say that I did not
understand that the motion to adjourn was made
at the request or on an intimation to that effect
from the Senator from Ohio, If he desires it, of
course 1 shall not press the subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The motion has been made
on two successive days by gentlemen on the op-
posite side of the House, for an adjournment for,
the purpose of allowing gentlemen to go on with
their remarks a little more at their leisure, and it
is very strange that the .objection should'be made
now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr.,Foot in
the chair.) The yeas and nays have been ordered.
The Clerk will call the roll.
Mr. Anthony's name was called, and he was
understood to answer " yea."
Mr. YULEE. Before any answer is made, 1
should like to understand distinctly if the Senator
from Ohio desires an adjournment. If he does
not, v."e prefer to go on now.
Mr. WADE. It is a matter of indifference to
me. It is true, it is rather late now, and it may be
more convenient to go on in the morning.
Mr. MASON. I withdraw the call for the yeas
and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the Chair will regard the call for the
yeas and nays as withdrawn, though an answer
has been made. The Chair hears no objection.
The call for the yeas and nays is withdrawn.
The question is on the motion to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; ana the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tur.sD.vr, December 13, 1859.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by llev. C. M. Butler.
The J oumal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE Sl'EAICEKSIIIP.
The CLERK stated the question before the
House to be tin; motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hickman,] to amend the
Journal of Friday; on which the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Sickles] was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. SICKLES. Mr. Clerk, it would have been
more agreeable to me if some other gentleman
representing a constituency whose views accord
with those of the constituency which I have the
honor to represent, had risen to discharge the duty
which, in my humble judgment, remains to be
performed—the duty of giving a just expression
to the sentiment of the national men of the North,
and especially of that portion of the North from
whence 1 come. Seldom asking the indulgence of
the House heretofore, I would not now trespass"
on its patience, did I not deem it my imperative
duty to protest respectfully but earnestly against
much that has been said on this floor, in the course
of tins discussion, in the name of the North. Al-
though not very long in public life, yet for some
years past I have had the honor to participate
In a number of elections in the northern States,
where the whole subject of southern tights and
northern rights, of so uthern oggi essions and north-
ern demands has been fully discussed. I claim,
therefore, to know, by personal intercourse with
thousands and tens of thousands of the northern
people, by partieipationin theirdiscussions, some-
thing of dieir views. Disclaiming all desire to
give prominence to my personal views, not expect-
ing by any opinion that I may entertain, to in-
fluence the action of anybody, I ask only to ex-
press what 1 know to be the sentiment of the
people with whom I have been identified. It is
for that that I desire to ask the attention of the
House; and permit mo to say: " Hear me for my
cause."
' The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hick-
man,] who addressed the House on yesterday,
presented the existing crisis in language which
imparted to it, in my judgment, a gravity as yet
not realized; if he rightly interprets northern
opinion, the irrepressible conflict is not in. the
distant future, is not a prophecy; it is here, it is a
fact. He tells the House that there is a con-
flict. between the North and the South—a state of
feeling existing between the two sections that can-
