3038
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
CONSOLIDATED LAND OFFICES.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill making further provisions
in reference to consolidated land offices; which
was read a first and second time, and recommitted
to the Committee on Public Lands.
DAVID MYERLE.
Mr. TAPPAN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar from the
further consideration of Senate bill No. 118, for
the relief of David Myerle.
Mr. BURNETT. I object:
Mr. TAPPAN. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope the gentleman from
New Hampshire will allow me^o offer an amend-
ment to that bill in 'the shape of a proviso. I ask
it for the sake of having justice done by this
House in this matter, and in order that the money,
if appropriated at all, may be appropriated to the
parties who really have sustained the loss.
Mr. TAPPAN. I want to say to the House,
in reply to the suggestion of the honorable gen-
tleman from Kentucky, that his proviso merely
contemplates the payment of certain moneys,
which it is alleged by certain parties in Kentucky
that Myerle owes them. It is a matter entirely
between them.
Mr. MALLORY. It is no such thing; and the
gentleman knows nothing whatever about the
proviso.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope I may be permitted
to say one word upon this subject.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir; I
object.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from New
Hampshire has madb a statement in which he was
entirely mistaken. There is not a particle of
merit in this case.
Mr. HOUSTON. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
112, nays 56; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. (Jinnies F. Adams Aldi ich, Alley, Ash-
ley, liahbitt, Burr, iUngimnu Fiancia I'. lilair, Samurl >s,
lJlan, Blake, Boeock, Uonham, Bowler, Bouhgny, fhanch,
Brayton, Uin*£s, Bofitutou, Hutch, Uuttcrticld,
Cailt't, Case, Hoiace F.Clark. John B. CMaik, Cobb, John
Cochrane, Coliax, Corwin, Covodo, Cox. James Ciaig,
Davulhon, IU-ubui Davis, Delano, Dumnirk, JHu-ll, Dunn,
Edmund--ou, Edwards, Eliot, FJy, Kthondge, Katnswoith,
Fenton. Florence, Foster, Fouke, Frank, Gilmer, Goocli,
Graham, Grow, Gurlcy, Halt;, JIall, Hamilton, J. Mom ivm
Hanis llaskin, ih'lmick, llindm.m, Hoaul, William How
aid, William A. ilowaid, Uutehius, livnie, Junlcni, Kritt,
Ktancin W, Kellogg, Krnyon, Kuiikel, Lamai, Lee,Logan,
Marsion, Majiirtul. McKcan. McKinuht, Mci'lier^on, Mc-
Rae, MilKon, Miihvajd, Montgomery. Sydenham Moon-,
Moorhead, Edward Joy Mom*, Morse, Nelson, Niblaek,
Feny, i'ettu, J'ryoi, Royce, Scott, Hcdgwick, Spinner,
James A. Stewart, William Stevvnit, Stnitton, Tappun,
Thayer, Theakor, Tompkins Umloi wood, Van Wjck,
Wade, Cadwaluder C. Washburn, Elhhu B. Washbutne,
Ibrucl Waxhhutn, Wilson, Wood, and Woodruff—11^.
NAVS—!Yle«Nrs. A^limore, Avrry, Boyee,Hralwon, Bris-
tow, Burnett, Caicy, Ulopton, Burton Craijje, Ciawford,
John G. Davis, Dawesj lJe Jarneite, English, Feiry, liar-
nett, Gartrell, Hardeman, John 'J'. Ilarrio, [latum, Ilolman,
Houston, Uughcs, Jack>on, Jenkins. Jones, Landi um, Lai-
rabee, James M. Leach, Love, Lovejoy, Mallory, Mc-
Queen, Lab.m T. Moore, Peyton, J'orrer, Potter, I'u h,
Qtiailesj Reagan, Kijjgv. Christopher Robinson, Jame^ C
Itobmson, Kufhn, Rust, Sherman, William Smith, William
jV. II. Smith. Steven-', Steven-on, Stokes, Ta> lot, Thomas,
Tumble, Vance, and Wright—5t>.
So (two thirds having voted in favor thereof)
the rules were suspended.
Mr. TAPPAN. I now call the previous ques-
tion on the bill
Mr. MALLORY. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the demand for the previous question,
in order that I may have my amendment read for
the information of the House.
Mr. TAPPAN. I cannot do it. This claim
is well understood; it lias been here for ten or
twelve years.
Mr. MALLORY. I protest against this gag-
law, and I hope the call for the previous question
will be voted down, in order that justice may be
done in this case, and that it may be properly
understood.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. TAPPAN" demanded the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. MALLORY demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordere$.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 98, nays 75; as follows:
' YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Ashley, Babbitt. Francis
P. Blair, Boeock, Bonbam, Botelcr, Bouhgny, Boyce, Bray-
ton, Briggs, JBuffinton, Burch, Burlingaine, Bumham, But-
terfield, Campbell, Case, Horace F. Clark, J'ohn B. Claik,
John Cochrane, Colfax, Covode, Cox, James Craig, David-
son, Delano, Dunmiok, Duell, Edgerton, Edmundson, Ed-
wards, Eliot, Ely, Farnswouh, Florence, Fouke, Fiank,
Gooch, Grovv,Gurley, Hale, Hall, J. Morrison Harris, lias-
kin, Ilelmick, Hoard, William Howard, William A. How-
aid, Humphrey, Hutehins, Junkm, Kent, Francb W. Kel-
logg, Kenyon, Kunkel, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Logan,
Loomb, Maclay, Marston, Maynard, McKnight, McPlier-
son, Mcltae, Million, Mtllward, Montgomery, Sydenham
Moore, Edward Joy Morris, Morse, Nelson, Olin, Pettlt,
Chustopher Robinson, Royce, Scott, Sickles, Spmnei,
James A. Stewart, William Stewnit, Stratton, Tappan,
Thayer, Thra'cn, Tompkins, Vandevci, Wade, Walton,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihn B. Washburne, Wilbon,
Wmdom, Winslow, Wood, and YVoodiuft—98.
NAYS—Mes-it>. William C. Andurr-on, A^hmore, Avery,
Beale, Blake, Brab-.on, Bianch. Biis-tow. Burnett, Carej,
Carter, Olopton, Cobb, Corwin, Burton Craige, Ciawford,
Curry,JohnG. Davis, Da\vc«,De Jarnette, Dunn, English,
Tiiheiidg< , Ferry, Garneit. Gartrell, Gilmer, Giaham, Har-
deman, John'J'. Hani", Hill, Holman, Houston, Jenkins,
Jones, Kilgore, Kilhngcr, Lamar, Landrum, Larrabee,
Jame.s M. Leach, Leake, Lovejoy, Mallory, Chatles D.
Muitin, Elbert S. Mattm, MeKean, McQueen, Laban T.
Moore, Mooihead, Niblaek, Peyton, Phelps, Potter, Potter,
Pryor, Pugli, Quailes, Reagan,"Riggs. James C. Robinson,
Rulliu. Rust, Simms,William Smith,William N. II. Smith,
Stallwoith, Stevenson, Stokes, Thomas, Trimble, Vance,
Webster, Wells, and Wright—7o.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. TAPPAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to leconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONFIRMATION OF LAND TITLES IN LOUISIANA.
Mr. DAVIDSON. My colleague [Mr. Bou-
ugny] was not present when the Committee on
Private Land Claims was called. He has a small
bill which appropriates no money, but is merely
to confirm tiiu title of ahouttwo thousand people
of ILuon Rouge to their homes. I hope the House
will, by unanimous consent, allow the bill to be
reported and put upon its passage.
There being no objection, Senate bill No. 378,
to relinquish the title of the United Slates to cer-
tain lands occupied by the city of Baton Rouge,
in the State of Louisiana, was brought before the
Plouse for consideration; was ordered to be read
a third time; was accoidingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. DAVIDSON moved to reconsider the vote
by whieh the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was ngired to.
BUSINESS ON TIIE SPEAKER^ TABLE.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move now that the House
proceed to dispose of the business on the Speaker's
table in its regular order, and t hope gentlemen
will not struggle to suspend the rules until we
can get these bills out of the way. When we shall
have disposed of the business on the Speaker's
table, i propose to move to go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. YALLANDIGIIAM. Will the gentle-
man yield to me, to allow me to move to take
from the Committee of the Whole House a bill
which has passed the Committee of Claims and
the Senate twice? It will not take three minutes.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 do not wish to interpose
my single objection to any proposition the gen-
tleman desires to present. If it js the pleasure
of the House to go on with these motions to sus-
pend the rules, 1 am perfectly willing that it should
be done; but i think we had better dispose of the
business on the Sneaker's tabic.
Mr. BURNETT. What is the object of the
gentleman in mo\iiti; to proceed to business upon
the Speaker's table? Is it to put bills upon their
passage when they are taken up?
Mi\ SHERMAN. If there are any bills there
whieh contain appropriations of money, ns a mat-
ter of course they must be referred to a "Committee
of the Whole House, because a motion to suspend
the rules will not be in order.
The question was taken on Mr. Sherman's
motion; and it was agreed to.
KENTUCKY CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. STRATTON. It was my intention to
have called up, in accordance witJi notice given
yesterday, the Kentucky contested-election case
of Chrisman vs. Anderson; but, inasmuch as the
report has but just come from the Printer, I do
not mean to press its consideration to-day. But
I desire to give notice to the House now, that to-
morrow, at the expiration of the morning hour,
I will call up that case, and ask the House to
dfspose of it.
THE HOMESTEAD BILL.
The House then, in pursuance of its order,
proceeded to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table; when thefollowing message from
the Senate was taken up for consideration:
In the Skkate op the United States,
June 14, 1860.
Resolved, That the Senate further insist on its disagree-
ment to the amendment of the IIou&c of Representatives to
the bill of the Senate No. 416, to secure homesteads to act-
ual settlers on the public domain, and ack a fuither con-
feience on the disagreeing votes- of the two Houses there-
on. The Senate have appointed Mes«.r>5. Johnson* of Ten-
nessee, Fitzpatrick, and Cameron, the committee of
confeicnee on the part ot the Senate.
Mr. COLFAX. Yesterday, on my motion, the
Plouse of Representatives, after a full analysis of
the two bills passed by the Senate and House,
agreed to adhere to their own bill; but it is no
more than respectful to the Senate, a coordinate
branch of the legislative branch of the Govern-
ment, inasmuch as they have asked for another
conference, that we should comply with their re-
quest. I move, therefore, that a committee of con-
ference be appointed; and upon that motion I call
the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the Speaker
if it is m order to move that the House recede
from their disagreement to the amendment of the
Senate ?
The SPEAXCER. Thr Chair supposes it is
hardly in order pending the demand for the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
The motion submitted by Mr. Colfax was
then agreed to; and Messrs. Coltax. Garnett,
and Windom, were appointed as such committee
of conference on the part of the House.
SUSPENSION OF JOINT ItULES.
The following message from the Senate was
then read:
In Senate of the United States,
June 14, I860.
Resolved, (the Ilou^e of Representatives {.oncuirin<r.)
That the IGth and l'/th joint rules be su*>pended loi the re-
mainder of the sof-siou.
A Mumbfei. What arc the rules?
Air. SHERMAN. They are in relation to send-
ing bills to thr President on the last three clays of
the session. It is the usual resolution. I move
that the House concur.
The motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC TELEGRAPH.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. 184, to facilitate communication
between the Atlantic and Pacific States; thr Sen-
ate having concurred with all the amendments of
the House, except that striking out the names of
the corporators, and inserting a provision for let-
ting the contract out to the lowest bidder.
Mr. COLFAX. I will state briefly the differ-
ence between the two Houses on this bill, and
then, if gentlemen desire it, they can have the
amendment read in full. The Senate passed the
bill granting a subsidy of $50,000 a year to the
company, for which they were to perform the
Government telegraphing. The House reduced
the subsidy to $40,000 a year. The Senate fixed
the maximum charge for messages of ten words
at four dollars. The Plouse reduced it to three
dollars. The House also inserted many salutary
restrictions m thr bill upon the company, and for
the protection of the people of the United States
who may desire to send messages over the road.
They fixed the starting point at some point on
the west line of the State of Missouri; they
commanded them to receive all messages coming
through other and competing lines; and they
adopted many other restrictions upon the com-
pany, wh^h they believed to be wholesome. The
House, by a vote of eleven majority, on motion
of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Burnett,]
also adopted an amendment, striking out the
names of the corporators, and requiring the con-
tract to be let out to the lowest bidder, after due
advertisement.
