1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1151
Mr. HOUSTON. I want to hcarthat bill-read.
The Clerk read the bill. It provides for the
punishment of the crime of polygamy in theTer-
ritoiies of the United States,or other places over
which the United States has exclusive jurisdic-
tion, by a fine not exceeding $500 and imprison-
ment for not less than two nor more than five
years, and also annuls certain acts of the Legisla-
ture of Utah countenancing the practice of polyg-
amy.
Mr. MAYNARD. That is an'important bill,
and I ask that the report of the Committee on the
Judiciary may be read.
Mr. HOUSTON. I thought I was entitled to
the floor. I asked for the reading of the bill. I
am willing, however, that the report shallbe read.
The SPEAKER. The report will be read.
The report was read, in part, by the Clerk.
Mr. HOUSTON. That report seems to be' a
prettv long one, and I do not think it is necessary
that it should be read at length. I desire to move
that this bill be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. If the House
sees fit to send it there, of course the report will
be printed with the bill; and members can read it
for themselves, without taking lip the time of the
House with its reading now. I hope it will be
the pleasure of the House to send the bill to the
committee. I'think it is too imp irtant a bill to
be passed through without more mature consider-
ation tham wc shall be likely to give it here. I did
not know that this bill was to be reported from
the Committee on the Judiciary this morning. I
was not present when it was acted on by the com-
mittee, but I was surprised to see the bill make
its appearance in the House this morning. I hope
it will be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of or-
der. I understand that my colleague [Mr. Nel-
son] has the floor upon this bill..
Mr. NELSON. If I understand the rules of
the House, 1 am entitled to the floor upon this
bill, having reported it to the House. If I am, I
now, as I have been directed to do by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, move to put the bill on its
passage, and call the previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD. My point of order is, not
only that my colleague is entitled to the floor, but
that, the reading of the report having been com-
menced, it was in violation of the rules to inter-
rupt the reading before it had been concluded.
This is an important bill; and desiring to under-
stand its provisions thoroughly, I asked that the
report Should be read; but, before the reading
was concluded, the gentleman from Alabama, in
violation of the rules of order, interposed, and
made a motion which I think it was not in order
for him to make, my colleague being entitled to
the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will state what are the
facts in connection with this matter. The gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Nelson] reported this
bill and took his seat; and when the Chair was
about to put the question on the third reading of
the bill, no one claiming the floor, I addressed the
Chair and was recognized, and having the floor,
I had the right to make the motion which I did.
Mr. STANTON. I think the gentleman is mis-
taken. I saw the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Nelson] upon bis legs, ready to take the floor
when the reading of the report should have been
completed.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Nelson] did not call for the reading
of the report; but, on the contrary, the Chair was
stating the question £11 the third reading of the
bill, when I called for the reading of the bill my-
self. I took the floor, and the Chair recognized
me, no one else claiming it, and I was entitled to
the floor and had a perfect right to make the
motion to refer, which I made.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order. I sub-
mit that, after the reading of a paper has com-
menced, it is not in orderto interrupt the reading,
unless it be for a motion to dispense with the fur-
ther reading. I think the gentleman from Ala-
bama, therefore, was not entitled to the floor to
make his motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I had the right to make the
motion,for I had the floor upon the bill, to make
any motion which could properly be made in ref-
erence to it. .
Mr. GROW The gentleman could not obtain
the floor for that purpose while the report was
being read.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will state how the matter
4hands. I obtained the floor before the bill had
been read. When the Chair was about to put the
question upon the third reading, I called for. the
reading of the bill; and after it had been read, the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] hav-
ing called for the reading of the report,' that there
might be no mistake as to my right to the floor,
I stated that I was entitled to the floor, having
called for the bill; but that I would allow the
report to be read, I still retaining the floor. The
Chair having recognized me as entitled to the
floor, I moved that the bill be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
as I liad the right to do.
Mr. GROW. I have submitted a point of order,
which I ask the Chair to decide. No debate is
in order upon it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that, according to the uniform practice of the
House, as understood by him, the memberreport-
mg a bill has the right to open and close the de-
bate upon the subject. If the gentleman from
Tennesse, who reported this bill, claims the floor,
he is entitled to it.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee did not claim the floor, and, not having
claimed it at the time, he certainly has \iot the
right to take it from me after I have occupied it,
and made the motion to refer the bill.
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand
the gentlemen from Tennessee to claim the floor?
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee cannot claim the floor now. He did not
claim it when he was entitled to it, and it is too
late now for him to claim it.
Mr. NELSON. I will state what occurred. At
the time the bill was presented to the House, I
stated that I had been instructed by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary to report & bill, which, in ac-
cordance with the instructions of that committee,
•I moved to put oil its passage, and called the pre-
vious question. That was what I stated; and,
if I am entitled to the floor, I now move to put the
bill on its passage, and call the previous ques-
tion, as I have been instructed by the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee, then, as I understand, calls for the pre-
vious question.
The SPEAKER. He does.
Mr. HOUSTON. Now, Mr. Speaker 
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order. No
debate is in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not going to debate. I
rise tow question of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state his
point, without debate.
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, sir; I will state it with-
out debate. The point I present to the Chair is,
that admitting the statement of the gentleman to
be correct—and I am not disposed to controvert
it—at the time when he stated that he was in-
structed by the Committee on the Judiciary to
report the bill, and call the previous question on
its passage, he could not then call the previous
question; because the bill was not before the
Houseuntil it had been stated by the Chair. After
the bill had been stated, the gentleman did not
claim the floor to call the previous question; and
the Chair agrees with me that his former call was
notrecognized, because, when I rose and obtained
the floor, the Chair was putting the question upon
the third reading of the bill, and not upon second-
ing the demand for the previous question. And
when I rose and proposed to submit some consid-
erations to the House upon the bill, the gentle-
man from Tennessee did not then claim the floor.
These are the facts; and the Chaircertainly agreed
with me that the previous question was notpend-
intr when I obtained the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the gentleman from Tennessee did call for the pre-
vious question on the bill. He was entitled to
the floor for that purpose; and if the Chair did not
hear the call, that does not deprive the gentleman
of his rights under the rule. If the gentleman
from Tennessee claims the floor, he is entitled
to it.
Mr. NELSON. I claim the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman cannot take
the floor from ma. If the gentleman and the
Chair so manage that the question is beirtg put
upon the bill; an Jit is open to amendment ordebate,
and I get the floor, and propose to. debate or to
amend it, I would like to know by what process
■I can be deprived of the floor ? . ■:
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the gentleman from Tennessee could not Jose
the floor and his right to o'coupjr it, 'because' ;the
Chair did not happen to hear; Mm. -The-Chalr
holds thathe is now entitled-to his position here,
tinder the rules, as the reporter of the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee did not insist ujjori his right, and the Gfaair
was putting the question upon ordering' the bill
to a third reading when 1 took the floor. He did
not claim the floor when I took it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the gentleman from Tennessee is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. NELSON. Then I demand the previous
question.- ' ■
Mr. HOUSTON. It would have been the
shorter way for the Speaker to have called for the
previous question himself.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask my colleague to with-
draw his demand for the previous ^question'until
the House can hear the entire report of the com-
mittee read. ! am anxious to hear it.'r
Mr. HOUSTON. I move.that.the bill be laid
upon the table; and on that motion I demand the
yeas and nays. > ■
Mr. GROW. The House is dividing, and that
motion is not now in order.
The SPEAKER. The motion.hasbeen.repeat-
edly ruled to be in ofder. - <
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. J am appealed to by friends
around me to withdraw the motion that the bill
be laid upon the table; and I do so in deference td
their judgment, and not my own.
Mr. WHITELEY. I appeal to the gentleman
from Tennessee to withdraw his demand for the
previous question. This bill relates entirely to
the Territory of Utah, and I understand the Deler
gate of that Territory is absent. ' I think that the
bill ought not to be acted on until he is present,
and can be heard in reference to its provisions.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. He is here.
Mr. WHITELEY. Then let him be heard.'
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Has the morning
hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. N EL.SON. Then I withdraw the demand
for the previous question. I move that the bill
be recommitted to the Committee on the Judiciary;
and, that motion being entered, I renew the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. SHERMAN. The motion to recommit
keeps the bill before the House, and, as it will
come up in the morning hour to-morrow, I move
that the House now proceed to the consideration
of the business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. GROW. I ask, first, that the bill reported
by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Nels6n,]
with the accompanying report, be ordered t'Q be
printed.
The SPEAKER. It will bo so ordered, if there
is no objection.
There was no objection, and it was ordered ac-
cordingly.
MARKHT-TTOTJSE FOR WASHINGTON.
Mr. KILGORE. Before the question is taken
on the motion that the House proceed to the con-
sideration of the business upon the Speaker's
table, I ask the unanimous consent of the House
that I shall be permitted to make a report from
the Committee for the District of Columbia, which
I would have made this morning if I had been
present when that committee was callcd.
There was no objection.
Mr. KILGORE, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back Senate bill
No. 192, authorizing the corporation of Wash-
ington city to make a loan and issue stock for
$200,000 for building a market-house, with an
amendment.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Let the bill and amend-
ment be read.
The bill was read inextenso. It authorizes the
corporation of Washington to contract for a
and issue stock to the extent of $200,000, on the
faith of the corporation, for the sole purpose of
paying for the erection of a market-house on the
situ of the present building; said stock tb bear m-
