1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The Senate agreed to every amendment adopted
by the House except this last cine. They be-
lieved that, if we desired to have a speedy com-
pletion of a telegraphic communication between
the Atlantic and Pacific, this amendrnent of the
House should not be concurred in. The amend-
ment requires that there shall be an advertisement
for sixty days, and a much longer time will elapse
before a contract can be made, so that it will be
impossible to make any considerable progress in
the worlc before the next season. But if the con-
tract shall be given to these corporators, as pro-
vided in the bill as it passed the Senate, I believe
that the line will be completed, or nearly so, be-
fore the meeting of the next session of Congress,
and we shall have an instantaneous communica-
tion between the Atlantic and Pacific, so that the
President may communicate with San Francisco
in the same time that it will require to communi-
cate with Georgetown, in this District.
Now, sir, 1 have made this explanation of the
condition in which this question comes before us.
I move to concur in the amendment of the Sen-
ate; and upon that 1 demand the previous ques-
tion. I am perfectly willing, if the gentleman
from Kentucky desires it, he shall have the yeas
and nays upon the motion to concur.
Mr. BURNETT. I appeal to the gentleman
from Indiana to withdraw his demand for the
previous question. I think it is due to me that I
should be heard upon this question. It will be
recollected that I moved this amendment, to which
the Senate have disagreed; and I think the Speaker
ought to have recognized me instead of the gen-
tleman from Indiana.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky will remember that I reported this bill. If
I had not believed that, in accordance with the
usual practice of the House, I was entitled to the
floor, 1 should not have sought it. I do not de-
sire, however, to be discourteous to the gentleman
fiom Kentucky; and, although I have several
times asked the floor of him when he has declined
to accord it, I will withdraw the demand for the
previous question, and yield the floor to him, if
he will limit himself to five minutes, as I have
done myself, and then call the previous question.
Mr. BURNETT. I will call the previous ques-
tion when I shall have concluded my remarks.
Mr. COLFAX. Will the gentleman limit him-
self to five minutes?
Mr. BURNETT. I do not know about that.
Mr. COLFAX. Then I insist on my demand
for the previous question. I am willing to place
the gentleman from Kentucky upon the same
footing with myself, but not to go further.
Mr."BURNETT. I accept the proposition of
the gentleman from Indiana, and agree to call the
previous question in five fninutes.
Now, sir, I want the House to understand the
effect of this bill as passed by the Senate. It is
simply further to extend the monopoly, which
now exists mall the States east of the Mississippi
river in telegraphing, to the Pacific ocean. The
present lines of telegraph in the country are all
under the eontroland superintendence of six com-
panies, and the men named in this bill are the
"presidents of thos" companies. No other man or
set of men can bulla a line of telegraph from any
one of the great cities of this Union to anothei,
and sustain it. Why? Because, by an agree-
ment among these telegraph companies, if any
other company were to build a line from this city^
to Boston, for instance,they will reduce the tanfl
of charges to such a point as to destroy the new
*line. Now, you propose by this bill to place in
the hands of these men the whole control and the
exclusive monopoly of all the telegraphing be-
tween the Atlantic and Pacific.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the gentleman from Ken-
tucky allow me a wold ?
All'. BURNETT. No, sir; I am confined to
five minutes, and I will not give up any of my time.
Mr. SCOTT. I want to contradict that state-
ment.
Mr. BURNETT. Now, sir, I was proceeding
to say that these companies are already extend-
ii.-o- a line of telegraph to the Pacific coast. Before
the contract can be made, and they can getasub-
sid) from the Treasury, it will be completed. The
whole effect of this bill will be, therefore, to draw
from the public Treasury $40,000, to be paid into
the hands of these pnvate individuals, without
any necessity or cause whatever for it.
Why, sir, one of the best evidences you can ■
have that this is a mere job, is the fact that the
lobby around this Capitol have been here clam-
orous in their demands for the passage of this
bill.
Mr. Speaker, if this bill is to pass, I want the
contract thrown open to competition; and if there
is no other company which has the capital or the
means to go into a competition for thework, these
companies will obtain the contract. I ask this
House whether they are ready to fasten upon the
country an exclusive monopoly by this subsidy
of §400,000 drawn from the public Treasury ? I
hope, if this bill is to become a law at all, it will
be passed with this amendment of the House. I
demand the nrevious question.
Mr. SCOTT. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw the demand for the previous question.
Mr. COLFAX. I am willing that the gentle-
man from Kentucky shall withdraw the demand
for the previous question, if the gentleman from
California will renew the demand.
Mr. BURNETT. No, sir. I am not going
to be cut down to five minutes in this way, and
let the gentleman from California go on, when I
shall have no opportunity to reply.
Mr. COLFAX. I want to say to the gentle-
man from Kentucky that I extended the same
courtesy to him that I did to myself. 1 only occu-
pied five minutes.
Mr. BU R.NETT. Oh, no man can beat the gen-
tleman from Indiana in courtesy. 1 want that
understood. I am opposed to all sorts of monop-
olies, and ill favor of equal rights. The gentle-
man opened for five minutes, and confined me to
five minutes. Now, sir, I withdraw the demand
for the previous question; and, sir, you will see
that if 1 or any one else want to say anything
upon this bill, the gag will be applied.
Mr. SCOTT. By the courtesy of my friend, I
have the lloor, and I will detain the House but a
I few moments. I must say that the degree ot
fierceness which the gentleman from Kentucky
has manifested towards this bill is unparalleled
and unprecedented, in this Congress, at least. I
have watched his proceedings through the whole
progress of'this bill. The other day, when a mes-
sage from the Senate announced that the bill was
returned to the House, the gentleman from Ken-
tucky was ready m his opposition to it. It seems
to me that he has been pouring forth his"galvanic
batteries upon this bill all the time. So far as I
am concerned, I will say, thatalthough my State
is more deeply interested than any other State in
the Union iif this enterprise, I do not know per-
sonally buftwo of the men whose names are men-
tioned as corporators in this bill.
The gentleman stated that the bill provided for
a monopoly, and that it precluded other men and
other companies from coming in and establishing
a different line. It has been so charged before,
and at the time I contradicted it. Let any gentle-
man take that bill, and read it fairly and impar-
tially, and he can come to no other conclusion
than that the privilege is open to all companies
who choose to establish another line.
But, will not the House take into consideration
the fact that this is a new undertaking; that this
line has to traverse two or three thousand miles
of our almost uninhabited territory? Will they
not take into consideration that it is the duty ot
the Government to give a bonus to these menr
And in reference to that matter of a monopoly, I
.will state to the gentleman fiom Kentucky that
the acts of the Legislature of the Slate of Cali-
fornia show that they contemplate that there will
be not only one line t>ut two lines; because the
State has passed a law giving a bonus of >(10.000
i to the company which constructs the fiist line,
and $40,000 to the company which constructs the
second line.
I tell the gentleman further, m reference to the
selection of men for this great national work and
i enterpuse, which is to inure to the benefit of
; every State in this Confederacy, that he ought to
i select men who have the means, the capital, the
! experience, and the patents in reference, to tele-
graphic operations, so as to give the country the
j assurance that they will have a communication
' established by telegraph between the Atlantic and
Pacific coasts.
But the gentleman says this is a lobby measure.
I ask the gentleman if he considers the United
States Congress a lobby, or whether he thinks
this House and the Senate sunk so low that a
few outsiders and speculators can swerve tliem
from the path of duty ? If you left the price to
be charged for telegraphic communications open
to the control of the company, it might operate
grievously upon the country. But this bill limits
the price to three dollars for each message of a
limited number of words from St. Louis to San
Francisco—the very same price that is charged
from New York to NewOrleans. So they cannot
establish a monopoly. What is a monopoly ? It
is a privilege granted to a certain man or body
of men by which they can exercise and enjoy
an advantage to the exclusion of everybody else.
Can this, then, be a monopoly ? If the retention
of the names of these corporators, however, is to
jeopardize this bill; if it is to strike down this
project of a communication with the Pacific coast,
I say, in the name of God, let the corporators go
to the four winds of heaven, and let the Govern-
ment establish a line in which every man has an
interest.
Mr. BURNETT. If the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia will give me his ear for a moment, I will
show him that this is a monopoly. Who are the
men named in this bill as corporators ? The gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Colfax] will tell you
that they are mostly the presidents of the vari-
ous telegraphic lines in this country. That is a
striking fact.
Now, I want to state another thing. By an ar-
rangement entered into between these various
companies, they agree that they will reduce the
price of'transmittmg messages upon each of their
respective lines, if another line shall come into
competition with it. We have, then, in reference
to the telegraphic lines in the United States, a
complete monopoly; because no other lines can
compete with the existing lines under that arrange-
ment.
Now, what docs this bill propose to do? It
certainly proposes to cut off all competition, and
to pay the company named in this bill a bonus of
$40,000 a year, to be taken out by the Govern-
ment, to be sure, in the transmission of commu-
nications. If the Government messages amount
to more than thatsumannually, we shall be called
upon hereafter to pay it.
Mr. COLFAX. I will simply say to the House,
that so far as this union of the telegraph com-
panies of the States is concerned, it has nothing
to do with this bill. Nothing in this bill gives
these corporators a monopoly. It does not even
give them the land. It only gives them the use
of the land for ten years. As to the $40,000, the
Government is to receive, in return, that amount
of telegraphing. I have no doubt the Government
will need thatamount of telegraphing for years to
come. Certainly they would have needed that
amount for the last two or three years. The es-
tablishment of this line enables the Government
to have a direct communication with all its mili-
tary posts upon the route from the western States
to the Pacific coast. Now I call the previous
question.
Mr. BURNETT. Gentlemen say that the
names of these corporators make no difference
with them. Now, if the House will agree to have
them struck out, I am satisfied. Otherwise, I
move to lay the bill upon the table. If you are
witling to strike out the names of these men you
may pass your bill as it is.
Mr. COLFAX. And give the work out to straw
bidders.
Mr. BURNETT. I call the yeas and nays
upon the motion to lay upon the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 70, liays 120: as follows:
y i;.\s—Messrs. Afctimoro, Avery, Bali^dafe, Iiarr,
Beale, Blake, llocouk, Bonhani. Hiancil, Burnett, Clapton,
Oobh. Bui ton Cicugc, Crawford, Curry, Jolm G. ljavis. Keu-
ben Davis, EdstMtou. Etlmimdson, Feiiton, t reach. Garncit,
Gart!t'ii. llaidi man. John T. Harris, llas.cm, llatton, Hill,
Holman. Houston, William A. llouaul, Jackson, jonkins,
Jones, Keitt. Kenjm,, KUgore, K.llmger. Ivimkel, James
M. Jjoacll, Jbeake, Logan, Love, Louviy. r.lbert Mai-
tm MaMiaid, Mcl'herson, Meftueen, ^ullson. Sydenham
Moore fciuic N. Morris.,Pettlt, I'ugh. Iteaipin. Kisres, James
C Robinson, Kulnn. Singleton, William finuth, William N.
1J. Smith, Stallworth, Stanton, Biokcs, Thenkei.Thomas,
Vanee, Wilson. Win-low, Wood, and Wnght—'70.
N VYS—•!':■■ Charles F. Adam-, Green Adams, Ald-
ncll, Alley, William O. Ande^on, A-,hlcy, Bingham,
cis I'. Blair, Botclei, llouligiiy. lliabson, iSiaylon, iiriggs,
Bristow, JSuffintoi], Hindi.' Bit: ihinrliaiii, laitter-
fleld, Carey, Caiter, Case, Hoiace F. Clatk. John B. Uailc,
John Cochrane, Coifax, Coiwin, Cox, JamesCiaig,David-
