1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. DAWES. I believe I have the floor; and
I ask the Clerk to read the resolutions reported
by the committee.
The Clerk read the resolutions, as follows:
Resolved, Tliat George B. Cooper is not entitled to a seat
in the Thirty-Sixth Congress, as the Representative from
the first congressional district of Michigan.
Resolved, That William A. Howard is entitled to a seat
in the Thirty-Sixth Congress, as the Representative from
the first congressional district of Michigan."
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to know if the
gentleman from,Massachusetts intends to take a
vote to-night?
Mr. DAWES. I have no doubt that the course
of debate will be such that no vote will be taken
to-night. I do not know whether gentlemen on
the other side are ready to debate the question or
not.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Gentlemen upon thisside
are not ready to take the vote to-night.
Mr. DAWES. I did not suppose they were.
Mr." GrARTIlELL. I trust my colleague on
the Committee of Elections will allow the resolu-
tion of the minority of the committee to be read,
as J intend to offer it as a substitute for the reso-
lutions of the majority.
Several Members. Offer it now.
Mr. GARTRELL. Well, I will offer it now.
The Clerk read the resolution of the minority
of the committee, as follows:
Resolved, That George B. Cooper is entitled to retain
his seat in the present Congress as the Representative of
the first congressional district of Michigan.
Mr. CAMPBELL. With the consent of my
colleague on the Committee of Elections, I wish
to give notice to the House that, as soon as the
Michigan case is disposed of, I wish to call up
the Nebraska contestcd-clcction case.
Mr. HUGHES. With the permission of the
fentlemanfrom Massachusetts, 1 desire to say that
am opposed to all these arrangements with ref-
erence to the taking of votes. It is the duty of
every member upon this floor to be present at all
times when questions come up; and I shall never
consent to any arrangement, upon one side or the
other, by which a vote shall not be taken at any
time when this House is in session.
Mr. DAWES. The report in this case was
made by the chairman of the committee, the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer;] and
it is at his request that I call it up.
The first congressional district of Michigan is
composed of four counties. The election which
is here contested occurred in November, 1858; and
the official canvass showed the sitting member to
have a majority of seventy-five. The contest is
confined entirely to one county—the county of
Wayne--and to only five of the twenty-eight voting
districts in that county; so that the whoie inquiry
upon which these resolutions is based is confined
to a very narrow limit, and is, therefore, subject
to very little debate.
The resolutions offered by the committee, which
are that the contestant is entitled to the seat now
occupied by the sitting member, are based upon
four propositions, either of which is sufficient, if
found to be correct, to give the seat to the con-
testant. They are; First, illegal votes. The
committee found illegal votes sufficient to more
than counterbalance the majority of the official
canvass for the sitting member. That is one
ground. Another ground is a total departure
from the requisitions of the law of the State of
Michigan, in the manner of holding the election
in one of the wards of the city of Detroit and in
one of the townships. The third ground is, that
the election in one of the townships was held in
a different place from that in which it was ap-
pointed to be held; and the fourth is, that there
were no proper officers in one of the wards in the
city of Detroit. In point of fact, there are but
three grounds upon which these reports are based;
two of these grounds being properly included in
one.
I call attention, in the first place, to the first
ground of contest upon which these resolutions
are based—and that is, the challenge of illegal
votes. The committee found something over one
hundred votes, cast for the sitting member, to
have been cast by persons not authorized by law
to vote at that election. Those one hundred and
more votes are divided into four classes; one class
embraces fifty-eight of these votes, another nine,
another four, anil another twenty-five, and there
are some others. The fifty-eight votes all depend
2095
upon a single fact. They were cast in the sec-
ond ward of the city of Detroit. That ward—the
one in which the contestant resides — was not
large, and the voters of the ward are all known to
be inhabitants of the ward. Although there was
great disturbance at the polls during the whole of
the day, and it is known that many of the politi-
cal friends of the contestant were kept away from
the polls, yet there was found, when the polls
closed, to have been a large increase of voters in
that ward, something over one hundred more
votes, I think, than were ever cast before; and
upon the poll-list there appeared the names of
about that number of voters never known to the
oldest inhabitant of the ward before.
Prom these circumstances the contestant and
the committee were led to direct their examina-
tion to that ward for the purpose of investigating
the character of votes there given. 11 appeared that
one Thomas Howrigan, a naturalized Irishman,
residingin this ward, justbefore the election took
a contract with the political managers of his party
to carry this ward for the Democratic party, in
consideration of a price. The ward gave usually
twenty-five or thirty majority for the party of the
contestant. On this occasion, asl have said, this
Thomas Howrigan entered into a contract with
those who were to have the offices to dispose of
if the city election should be carried for the Dem-
ocratic party. In that event he was to have a
certain office, provided he carried the second ward
for the Democrats. In pursuance of this contract
he went to work.
The constitution and laws of Michigan required
that, in order to be a qualified voter in that State,
there must be a residence of three months within
the Statu,and of ten days before the election within
the township or ward where the vote is cast. This
mail Howrigan, in pursuance of his contract, went
out and engaged sixty-two persons to come into
the ward on the express stipulation that they
should board with him for the ten days previous
to the election, and have their board and grog free,
on the consideration that they should" vote the
Democratic ticket when the election came. There
were sixty-two of these persons, according to his
own testimony. He was instructed, he says in
his testimony, in what constituted the qualifica-
tions of a voter in that ward. He was instructed,
he says, by the constitution of Michigan and the
laws of that State, that ten days' residence made
a votei\ And he decided that if a man resided in
the ward for the term of ten days, as he says, that
constituted him a legal voter of the ward, and he
came to the conclusion that staying in the ward
was equivalent to residing in the ward.
Butalthough these sixty-two men were brought
into the ward justten days before the election, yet
in reference to some of them there was an inter-
regnum in their ten days' residence before the
election took place; for in staying with him tinder
their contract, and having nothing to do but to
eat his bread and drink his grog, they got up a
prize fight, and went out into Canada to settle it;
and in settling it, a portion of them got into jail
in Canada on the Friday previous to the elec-
tion, and remained there till Monday, when the
political friends of Mr. Howrigan went over there
and bailed them out; so that, I say, there was a
slight interregnum in the ten days'residence of
a portion, though not applicable to the whole six-
ty-two, however. According to the law, even as
laid down by this man Howrigan, the right to
vote of those who were lodged in jail was some-
what invalidated.
The committee came to the conclusion, that, in
order to be a resident of the second ward of the
city of Detroit—such a residence as would entitle
a man to cast his vote there—he must come there
for some other purpose than that for which these
men came; that, under the law of the State of
Michigan, he must have made his home in the
second ward; he must not only have changed his
residence to that place, but he must have gone
there with the intention of making it his perma-
nent residence, or his residence for an indefinite
time; in the language of the law, "without any
present intention of removing." Yet it appears,
from the testimony in this case, that these persons
came there without bag or baggage, without em-
ployment, and without any other purpose than to
remain there for ten days previous to the election
in order to vote, in pursuance of their contract,,
the Democratic ticket; and that immediately after
! the election they left, and have not been seen there
! since. Fifty-eight votes were rejected from the
; poll of the sitting member cast for him in this
ward by these men. The evidence appeared clear
to the committee that these parties; or numbers
oi them, came from Canada, not being even citi-
zens of the United States, but coming from Can-
ada directly to this second ward, having their
board paid by this man Howrigan, in pursuance
of their contract, and voting the Democratic ticket.
Some of them were picked up in other parts of
the city by him, and kept in the ward for ten days,
for the purpose of voting; and having voted the
Democratic tieket, left.
It is due to the sitting member to say that he
had no participation in this arrangement. He was
not a resident of Detroit; and whatever arrange-
ments of this description were made, were with-
out his knowledge. Indeed, they were probably
made merely for the purpose of carrying that ward
for the Democratic party. T think it is also due
to this man, Howrigan, to say, that although he
carried the ward, according to agreement, for the
Democratic party, yet he never got his office.
[Laughter.]
There were twenty-five votes challenged, and
the committee came to the conclusion that they
were fraudulent. The evidence in reference to
them is this: they were cast in the fifth ward of
the city of Detroit. A man by the name of Orvis
was under indictment for embezzlement, and com-
mitted to the county jail. One or two days before
the election, Alexander H. Stowell, a Democratic
candidate for alderman in the fifth ward, bailed
him out. Immediately afterwards, Orvis went to
work to get votes for Stowell in the fifth ward.
All the voters he procured voted in that ward, and
for the candidate who bailed him out and the sit-
ting member. Orvis came from Cleveland about
a montli_bcfore the election. He was not a citizen
of Michigan, and was, therefore, not entitled to
vote. Ho voted, and he brpught to the polls va-
rious others—from twenty-five to thirty. We have
taken the lowest number—twenty-five. Where
they came from does not clearly appear, for Or-
vis himself is serving out his time in the peniten-
tiary of Ohio at this time, and it was difficult to
obtain his testimony.
All the testimony that was obtained from him
was an affidavit presented in behalf of the sitting
member to the House at some former period. His
deposition is not, therefore, in the case; and where
he obtained his voters, I say, does not clearly ap-
pear. There was a mystery about as to where
he got them. It was told where he said he got
them; but as the committee were disposed to con-
fine themselves to legal testimony, they were un-
able to ascertain from whence the voters came;
but they were strangers—none of them known to
the residents of the ward. They were seen there
on the election day for the first time and the last
time. The man who employed Orvis, too, seems
singularly oblivious in reference to them, as to
where they came from, and as to what the exact
contract was. The committee, under all the facts
which appeared, thought it reasonable—inasmuch
as the ward was a small one, and if these persons
whose votes were challenged werequalified voters,
it would require but an hour to show who they
were and where they lived—to require that the
sitting member should show that they were legal
voters, after the testimony I have alluded to re-
specting them had been introduced.
I desire, in order that the House may under-
stand precisely what appears in reference to the
arrangement between Stowell and Orvis, to read
the testimony of Stowell:
" Alexander II. Stowell swam for contestant, and tes-
tified :
" Question, Where do you residep
<■ Jlnswer. In tile fi/tll ward of the city of T)etioit
" Question. Were you Hie Democratic candidate for al-
derman ot that ward at the election in November, ibodr
" Jhistier. I was.
" Question. Were you at the polls during the election
on the 2d November?
" Answer. I was.
" Question. Do yen know Charles Ii. Orvis, the person
referred to by tlie witness Smith ?
JJnsvjer. i do.
Question. VVa he in attendance at the polls that day ?
" Jlnsver. lie was, from time to time.
" Question. Had \ou known Imn prior to election?
«Jlvt,u;er. I had, for a short time.
" Question. When ) oil became acquainted with Charles
B. Oi vis, was he not under arrest for fraudulently convey-
ing pioperty?
" (Objected to.)
