1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
131
lieve to be true. If any enterprises have been
recently fitted out for that purpose, the parties
have been more than ever cautious to evade the
vigilance of the United States authorities.
The next charge made in the name of the North
is, that the Missouri compromise was broken. I
know thero are men who regard the Missouri act
as a compromise. It has been popularly called
and described as a compromise. Sir, a compro-
mise means, in a just sense of the word, a meas-
' ure to which all parts of the Union, by common
accord, have given their assent, and which they
have steadily maintained. In that sense of the
word, I deny that the Missouri act can with any
propriety be called a compromise. It was an ex-
periment, made with the most patriotic motives;
an experiment entered upon with the hope of put-
ting an end to any further controversy about the
extension of slavery. But it was a failure, for it
did-not have the result which was hoped for it,
claimed for it, predicted for it. It was a failure,
sir, for the best reason in the world—because it
was not founded on any principle; it was an arbi-
trary line, not resting on any interpretation of
constitutional rights,but founded on speculations
with regard to climate and productions, and on
the hope that, arbitrary line though it was, the
consequences to the Union, to its peace, and pros-
perity, resulting from sectional parties formed
upon the slavery issue, would persuade all por-
tions of the country to yield their assent to it.
But, sir, the hope, bright, and good as itwas, was
futile; and therefore I say that it was not only an
experiment, but history has proved it to have, been
a failure. It had ceased to have vitality in that
quarter where alone it could be sustained. It had
ceased to command, if it ever received, the assent
of the people of the Worth.
Sir, there were very few men who survived,
politically, m the northern States, their support of
that measure. Intended as a measure of pacifica-
tion, it was a mere expedient, not founded 011 any
principle, and was repudiated by the North. The
North, therefore, cannot complain that the South
did not adhere to the. Missouri line. The North
recognized an acceptable distinction between the
Missouri act and the Kansas-Nebraska act. The
one was an adjustment of the question, or an at-
tempted adjustment of it, founded on principles
of justice, by which the equality of the States and
their equal right to participation in the new Ter-
ritories was securcu. That principle will live.
It will stand, however much it may be assailed
now; however much it may be misrepresented
North or South; however much it may be mis-
understood anywhere. I believe that it is the
better opinion, to-day, of the North, that the prin-
ciple of leaving to each locality, Territory or State,
the utmost control over its own affairs, is not
only a true principle in our system, but is the
only principle on which the American Confeder-
ation can ever stand. It is the principle which
enables us to hold together in one grand system
States separated by continents and bounded by
the great oceans of the globe. It is the vital
principle of leaving to every Territory the gen-
eral control over its own internal affairs, subject
to the great constitutional guarantees that cover
the whole land; to the laws of Congress; and to
the judicial interpretation of those guarantees and
laws; the people looking to the courts for their
protection and for the enjoyment of the rights
secured to them.
That, sir, is the principle which the North be-
lieves to be embodied in the Kansas-Nebraska
act; and when the moment of agitation shall have
passed away, when the exciting causes, most of
them temporary, however irritating, shall have
ceased to exist, the North will hereafter, as here-
tofore, regard this principle as one congenial to
its convictions, as one 011 which the hopes of the
patriot can rest, and as entirely just and fair be-
tween all sections of the Confederacy.
The gentleman next, in the name of the North,
charged the South with a violation of compact
and good faith, m regard to the compromises
of 18.50 and 1854, which he blends together and
calls one compact. He did not condescend to
give the specifications or the grounds on which he
made that charge. But it is not difficult, I think,
to gather the particulars to which he referred.
What were the mam features in that compro-
mise ? There was a fugitive slave law passed, or
rather an amendment to the old law, thought to
be a better statute, more efficient to carry out the
objects and intent of the constitutional provision.
I ask any northern man whether he can say in
candor and fairness that that law has been fairly
and faithfully administered at the North, East, or
West, in spirit or in fact? Sir, the history of the
times informs us sufficiently upon th at point. We
know that efforts, more or less powerful, more or
less encouraged by a political party, and actively
fomented by"desperate fanatics, have resulted, in
a number of States, in a practical nullification of
that law. Laws have been passed by the Legis-
latures of several States in direct conflict with
the fugitive slave act, and inflammatory appeals
have been made to local populations which have
almost rendeied it impossible, in view of the ob-
stacles creatcd by public sentiment, to enforce it.
Who is responsible for that portion of the com-
promise of 1850 and 1854?
Well, sir, another element in the compromise
of 1850 was the admission of California. It was in-
sisted upon with almostentire unanimity through-
out the North. California was admitted. There
it stands, unresisted, unimpeached. The South
yielded her share of this compromise. I ask the
gentleman, can he with candor rise here and
claim in the name of the Noith that the North has
kept its part of the bargain, while the personal
liberty bills rest upon the statute books of many
of the States, and 111 view of the organized efforts
in the Republican party and out of it to render
the execution of it impossible ? Sir, if there is a
disposition to charge a violation of compact any-
where in reference to the compromise measures
of 1850 and 1854, it might come with far more
propriety from otier sources than from the
North.
The gentleman goes 011 to say that the result of
all this is, that the great and only question to be
met 111 the next presidential election is the ques-
tion of slavery, and that it will be presented in
but one form—shall slavery be allowed to go into
the Territories > He does not refer to any Terri-
tory in which that question can be 111 any way
practically agitated. He has not shown that there
is any reason for such an issue in view of any
exigency in our affairs, such as existed two 01*
three years since in reference to Kansas. We are to
understand that it is to be brought forward as an
abstract question, not with reference to an exist-
ing case, but to establish it as a part of the or-
ganic law that slavery shall never go into any
Territory of the United States. And in the very
next breath the gentleman, assuming to speak for
the North, charges upon the South a violation of
the compromises of 1850 and 1854,, and declares
that he himself stands upon the principle of the
Kansas-Nebraska act. Sir, was it the principle
of the Kansas-Nebraska act that slavery should
be excluded, absolutely excluded, as a part of the
organic law of the country, from all the Territo-
ries, or was that the spirit in which it was con-
ceived and passed? Was that the principle on
which the compromise, as he calls it, was based?
And yet the'geiitleman says that that will be
the rallying cry", the test and the prize of battle,
in the nextTpresidential election; while he accuses
the South of violating all compacts, covenants,
and compromises, and yet claims that he is still
for the Kansas-Nebraska act! Sir, I tlnnk it
would be impossible, in tile compass of a single
sentence or proposition, to embrace more of in-
justice to northern opinion, more inaccuracy of
statement, and more inconsistency of politicnl
action, than is embodied m these declarations ot
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Sir, the North
does not stand upon any such ground; the North
does not desire to enter upon a political contest
upon any such question; the North is practical as
well as loyal to the Constitution of the country;
it would prefer to see the next presidential con-
test decided upon far other and more useful issues.
Sir, I might venture to predict, in view of the
spirit proclaimed in some quarters, unjustlypro-
claimed in the name of the North, an issue or an
element which would enter deeply into the, con-
victions and judgment of the people of the North,
East, and West in the coming presidential con-
test. I would say, that, looking to the fact that
the balance of power between the North and South,
sectionaliy considered, is lost; looking to the fact
that the North has the preponderance in the legis-
lative and executive departments of the Govern-
ment, and, as a consequence, also in the judicial'y;
looking to the fact that, simultaneously, with the
loss of that balance of power between the sections
and the acquisition of predominant power by the .
free States, we see organizing throughout the
North a sectional party, based upon the idea of
destroying the guarantees which nave. heretofore
afforded peace and security to all sections of the
Confederacy, proclaiming, through their greatest
chief, an "irrepressible conflict" between the so-
cial systems North and South, and to the proda-
mation upon this floor that there is irremovable
discord between the North and the South, having
its "foundations deep as mountains and as-per-
vading as the atmosphere;"—looking, I say, to
such lacts and suclwleclarations, the next pres-
idential contest will bring the North, the East, and
the West in the presence of this momentous ques-
tion: Will you use this power, this ascendency,
which time and progress and the free coopera-
tion of all your sister States has given you, to
establish justice, or to attempt subjugation; will
you use it in the spirit of the fathers of the Con-
federacy, to promote a more perfect Union, to
secure domestic tranquillity, to advance the prog-
ress of the Confederacy in wealth, in civilization,
and in happiness; or will you employ it in a cru-
sade against rights recognized in the fundamental
compact which binds us together, and never ques-
tioned, except in the madness of political stnte
and as the means of gratifying an unhoJy ambi-
tion? This, sir, will be the question for the North
to answer, upon its responsibility to history ana
to Heaven. This will be the question for the
North to answer, as we value the Confederacy,
and as we look to the welfare and rectitude or our
own material and moral position. .
But, sic, for myself, knowing. something 01
northern sentiment, of northern opinion, of north-
ern interests, of northern loyalty to constitutional
obligations, 1 lay claim to answer. I wiU venture
to predict what that, response will be. Sir, when
the people of the North see, as they are now wit-
nessing, and as will be still more palpable to them
in the progress of events, that the result 01 its
doctrines of irrepressible conflict, and of the intru-
sion of abstract questions relating to slavery in
our politics, is the encouragement of fanatics, 01
traitors, of the imasion of homes and firesides in
our sister States; that they load to such scenes ot
cxcitcmcnt and danger as we have witnessed upon
this floor; when men from the most conservative
portions of the South, coming here—no disunion-
lsts, not seeking to foment political excitements
tell us that their people are losing, or have lost,
their sense of security at home, as well as their
confidence in the loyalty and fraternal feeling ot
the North; when these truths, solemn truths,
go home to the northern mind and reach the north-
ern heart, as they will, that people, sir, will shrink
with as much horror from any alliance with sucn
men, or such doctrines, or from any responsioil-
ityfor such results, as they shrink from, the same
policy v/lt ieh was pursued by the British King,
who himself encouraged, as Mr. Jefferson wrote
when he penned the first draft of the Declaration
of Independence, the exportation of slaves into
the colonies, and acquired great gams to the royal
; treasury in consequence, and to the privy purse;
and yet, in the course of time, for the accomplish-
! ment of political ends, incited those same slaves
1 to take up arms against their masters. So, when
; the North shall see that they have among them
i the descendants of men, who, growing rich by
; the African slave trade, crowding the southern
1 plantations with the results of their spoliations
j upon foreign shores; when they see the descen -
! ants of people who thus accumulated wealth sub-
! scribing portions of that very wealth to promote
i insurrection at the South, to incite the offspring
< of those whom they exported and sold there, to
; take up arms against their masters; when they
see that the people of the North are conscious
: that they hold within their boundaries such men,
! more or less connected with and more or less
j giving direction to a great political party, ascen -
ant in many States; when they find that such ar
the consequences of giving ascendency to a se
tional party, 110 matter whether their leaders do
or do not personally indorse such •
tell you, as one knowing something of thei sen -
ments, convictions, and feelings of the PI.*
the North,something bf the organizational£<*££8
in northern States, somethuigof the causes^hich
promote their rise or whitvh precipita , >
