1152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14.
terest at not more than six per centum per an-
num, and to be redeemed at the pleasure of the
corporation,.within the space of fifteen years from
the date of the issue thereof, the interest to be paid
quarterly; provided that the entire revenue of said
building shall, after paying contingent expenses
and interest on the stock, be appropriated to the
payment of the stock issued, in accordance with
the provisions of this act; and it provides further
that rio more than $220,000 shall be expended in
building said market-house; nor shall any con-
tracts be entered into which involve a larger ex-
penditure for the completion of the same.
Mr. KIJLGOR.E. Let the amendment of the
Committee for the District of Columbia be read.
I shall ask that it be adopted, and that the bill
shall be put on its passage.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and, in lieu there-
of, insert:
That all the grounds lying between Seventh and NmtEi
streets, and fronting on Pennsylvania and Louisiana ave-
nues, now and hitherto used and occupied for the Center
market, be,and the same are hereby,ceded to the corpora-
tion of Washington, on condition that said corporation,
within two years after this act takes effect, erect thereon
a market-house, together with such offices and apartments
tn the second story thereof as may be deemed necessary.
The said house to be so constructed as to admit foot pas-
sengers through only one entrance to the market on the
north side, market wagons and other vehicles on the south
side only, with means of exit for the same on Seventh and
Ninth streets, and to exclude marketing from Pennsylvania
ami Louisiana avenues, and the sidewalks and pavements
thereon. And for the purpose of erecting such market-
house and improvements connected therewith, in case a
majority of the freeholders and householders, who are legal
and competent voters, within said corporation shall vote
as hereinafter provided in favor thereof, it shall be lawful
for said corporation to create a debt in such form as may
be found expedient, not exceeding the sum of $200,000, at
a rate of interest not exceedin™ six per cent, per annum,
any restriction in the charter of said city or 111 existing
laws to tile contrary notwithstanding.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That at the first an-
nual election held in said city after the passage ot this act,
the person or board receiving the vote of each voter at such
election who is a freeholder or householder of said city,
shall propound to such voter the following question, to wit:
" Are you in favor of creating a debt of 4^00,000 for the
building of a new market-house And the answer to said
question, whether yes or no, shall be set down upon the
poll-list opposite the name of such voter; and, in case a
majority of such freeholders and householders answer such
question in the affirmative, then this act shall take eflect
and continue in full loree, but not otherwise.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Mayor of
said city shall cause notice to be given of the taking of said
vote, by publication in three or more of the newspapers
published in said city, at least ten days prior to the day of
holding said election, which notice shall distinctly state the
question to be propounded, as aforesaid, to the freeholders
and householdiug electors at said election.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That in ease this act
shall take eflect as hereinbefore provided, it shall he so con-
strued as to vest the title to said lots in said corporation so
long as tiie market-house and apartments shall be continued
thereon and used for the purposes aforesaid, and no longer.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading; and being engrossed, it was read
the third tffne, and passed.
Mr. KILGrORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the House pro-
ceeded to consider the business upon the Speak-
er's table.
The SPEAKER announced that the first busi-
ness was Senate resolutionNo. 19, being" A res-
olution suspending the fifth section of the act
making appropriations to defray the deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department, for the fiscal year ending the
30th of June, 1859, and in part for the support of
the Post Office Department for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1860,"being the section relat-
ing to printing.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the resolution
was referred to the Committee on Printing.
The SPEAKER announced the next business
to be House bill No. 228, relating to the print-
ing and distribution of the annual message of the
President of the United States and accompany-
ing documents.
The question was upon the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw the motion to
reconsider, and move that the bill be now put
upon its passage.
The bill was then read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also movqd
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon tive
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled Senate bill
No. 239, for the relief of the legal representatives
of Charles Pearson, deceased; when the Speaker
signed the same.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. JENKINS. I took occasion, some days
since, to cast censure upon the telegraphic agent
of the Associated Press, for a statement that ap-
peared in the papers in relation to certain doc-
trines which were ascribed to me. I wish to say
now, that, from the papers I have since seen, I
am satisfied that the fault was not upon the part
of the telegraphic agent, but was the result of a
typographical error.
COMMITTEE 03? THE WHOLE.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, with a view to take up the
diplomatic and consular bill. And before that mo-
tion is put I desire to submit the usual motion that,
within ten minutes after the committee shall pro-
ceed to the consideration of the consular bill, all
general debate shall cease; and, also, the same
motion with regard to the Indian bill.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Would it not be better to
close all debate ? I believe we have had no oppor-
tunity to debate anything that has been passed.
Mr. SHERMAN. The motion I have made
does not cut off the five minutes' debate.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Everything that has
passed through this House has been put through
under the wliipand spur of the previous question.
It seems to be favored not only by the House,
Mr. Speaker, but I think by yourself. As fast as
the previous question was moved, I noticed that
it was announced as having been seconded. It
was so announced yesterday, when only six mem-
bers voted for it. And would it not be better to
cut of all debate, and render all our rules nugatory
in that respect? We passed a bill day before yes-
terday involving millions' worth of public lands,
and were not allowed one moment to be heard, or
even to offer a single amendment to the bill. And
it does seem that, neither in the House nor m the
Committee of the Whole, are we to be allowed to
debate any important measures presented for our
legislation.
The proposition now is to close debate in the
Committee of the Whole in ten minutes upon these
important bills. There is one provision in one
of these bills that I wanted to say something
about myself. It is that provision in the consu-
lar and diplomatic appropriation bill which pro-
poses to appropriate $40,000 to execute the laws
for the suppression of the African slave trade.
I want to say to the House and to the country,
that if it is the intention of the country to execute
that law, $40,000 is wholly inadequate to do it.
It is the law of the land; it has been pronounced
to be a constitutional law by the judicial tribunals
of tile country; and without expressing any opin-
ion as to the propriety of that law, as it stands
upon the statute-book, as one of the Representa-
tives of the people I am willing to place a suffi-
cient amount of money at the disposition of the
President to execute that law. I know something
about the expense and the hazards to be met in
executing that law. Attempts have been made
to violate that law in the State of Georgia; simi-
lar attempts have been made, without a doubt, in
other States of the Union.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman's speech is
not m order.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will get through in a
very few minutes.' If it is the intention of this
House to enforce the laws of this land, the Pres-
ident of the United States is entitled to have a
sufficient amount from the Treasury to enable
him to enforce them.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in orderupon
the question before the House.
The question was upon the motion of Mr. Sher-
man to go into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; and that debate be closed upon
the consular and the Indian bills in ten minutes
after the same shall have been taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into'the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Wash-
BOitNE, of Illinois, in the chair.)
CONSULAR APPROPRIATION BILL.
The CHAIRMAN* stated that the business
before the committee was the consideration of the
consular and diplomatic appropriation bill; upon
which Mr. McRae was entitled to the floor.
' Mr. MILES. I understood that the gentleman
from Mississippi yielded the floor to me.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state
to the gentleman from South Carolina that he
understood the floor to be yielded to him for the
purpose of raising a point of order.
. Mr. BOCOCK. I rise to a question of order.
I understand that the President's annual message
was under consideration before the committee
when it last rose, and that it is therefore first in
order now. I wish to know how it is got rid
of? Yesterday, by unanimous consent of the
committee, the President's message was laid aside,
and other bills taken up for consideration for half
an hour. They were considered for half an hour,
and then, by virtue of the agreement, they passed
from before the committee, and the President's
message came up again for consideration, and
was under consideration when the committee rose.
Now,upon that question the gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr, Curry] had the floor. Nobody could
get the floor without his consent, to move to lay
aside the President's message. How, then, was
the message got rid of?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair ruled that the
motion to close debate being carried, it made the
bill a special order.
Mr. BOCOCK. That cannot be. The order to
close debate was made by the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, in theusual form,
and that is, that the debate upon this particular
bill be closed in commmittee in ten minutes after
the consideratio n of that bill shall next be resumed,
and not in ten minutes after the House shall again
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. Now you cannot, by vir-
tue of such a resolution as that, get rid of the
President's message in order to take up another
bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that the
determination of the House to close debate upon
this bill is in the nature of a special order. The
Chair will say that the debate is limited to ten min-
utes, and the bill will soon be disposed of. The
gentleman from South Carolina rises to a point of
order, and he will send up his amendment to the
Clerk's desk to be read.
Mr. MILES. I propose to add the following
to the end of the last clause in the bill:
And that the Secretary of State be directed to pay, out
of any unexpended balance of the appropriation of $75,000
made for expenses in the case of the Echo Africans, in
the consular and diplomatic act, passed at the last session
of Congress, the amount claimed as compensation for his
scrviccs in said case by the United States marshal for the
district of South Carolina: Provided, That, in the opinion of
the AttorneyGeneraloftheUnitedStates,the said marshal
is entitled to receive the same.
Mr. SHERMAN. I raise a point of order upon
that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order was
raised yesterday, and the Chair decided the
amendment out of order, upon the ground that it
was ingraftinglegislation of a private nature upon
a general appropriation bill.
Mr. MILES. From that decision of the Chair
I take an appeal; and I presume I am entitled to
argue the point.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is entitled
to ten minutes, if the gentleman from Mississippi
[Mr. McRae] gives way to him.
Mr. McRAE. I yield to the gentleman from
South Carolina.
Mr. MILES. I contend that my amendment is
strictly in order. It certainly is as much in order
as the last section of the hill as reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means. That last sec-
tion makes an appropriation for a purpose pre-
cisely similar to that for which the appropriation
of $75,000 was made in a bill at the last session
of Congress. That $75,000 .was to pay the ex-
penses in the case of the Echo Africans. The
claim of the marshal is certainly, upon the face of
it, one of those expenses. His claim has been
