THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, JUNE 18, 1860.
New Series No. 191.
from two to three hundred thousand dollars that
is inflicted upon you by our refusing to progress
with this work." Sir, the work has got to be
completed. It is admitted, by the chairman of
the Ways and Means Committee, that it will be
completed by and by, and the honor of the Gov-
ernment is involved in the integrity of its con-
tracts, and should be preserved. 1 am exceed-
ingly sorry if our country is in such a condition
that it is necessary to curtail its expenditures by
leaving the public buildings incomplete and com-
pelling contractors, who have endeavored in good
faith to perform the conditions of their contracts,
to suffer a loss of money which they have ex-
pended in procuring materials and in complying
with the terms of their contracts. I hope the House
will not sustain the amendment of the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Mr. REAGAN. Mr. Chairman, I oppose the
amendment. I do so for the reason that, from the
amount of stone about this city of Washington,
I presume the crop of rocks must be very much
exhausted in New England. It may be that the
honor of the Government is involved in keeping
up the rock trade for the benefit of the constitu-
ents of the two gentlemen from that region of the
country who have spoken. Some of us have
thought that the honor of the Government was
involved in other things during this session of
Congress. Especially have 1 thought that the
honor of the Government was involved in protect-
ing the lives and property of its people; yet the
spirit of economy overcame the honor of the Gov-
ernment in that respect, and I hope the same spirit
of economy will b.e carried out by adopting the
amendment of the Committee of Way sand Means,
notwithstanding that it may somewhat affect the
rock trade. It will at least give time for a new
crop of rocks to grow; and it seems to me that wo
must have pretty well exhausted the old crop.
Mr. FRRNOH. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. I propose an amendment to
the amendment reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means. I desire to strike out the whole
amendment, with that of the Senate, and insert as
follows:
For the extension of the Treasury building, $3o0,00U.
The proposition of the Committee of Ways
and Means is that we shall concur in so much of
the Senate amendment as appropriates $165,000
for materials already delivered and on hand; and
they propose to allow these materials to-remain
upon the ground around the building, none of
tnem to be used for twelve months to come. 1
propose that, after we have paid for^thc materials
which we have on hand, an additional sum of
money shall be expended in placing those mate-
rials in the building towards its completion. Gen-
tlemen who have passed in that vicinity know that
the streets in the neighborhood of the Treasury
budding are blocked up by large masses of granite
and brick. I want to see some of those materials
taken from the streets and placed where they
are ultimately to be deposited. I desire to see
this work progress. I cannot understand the pol-
icy of allowing the large mass of material, which
has been purchased and collected in the vicinity,
to remain blocking up the streets for twelve months
to come.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the amendment of
the gentleman from Missouri will not be adopted.
I desire that the same system of legislation which
we have hitherto pursued in reference to these
public buildings shall not be continued. I desire
that some definite plan shall be fixed upon; that
some limit shall be made in respect to the amount
of money we are to appropriate for the comple-
tion of these works.
The amendment of the gentleman from Missouri,
if adopted, after paying for the material, will give
about $100,000 for the prosecution of the work.
The Secretary of the Treasury has furnished no
estimate for this work. Now, Mr. Chairman,
the plan of the Committee of Ways and Means,
so far as we had time to consider the subject, was
this: that we would pay for ail outstanding lia-
bilities for the public works in progress; but be- ,
191
fore any further large appropriations were to be
made, we would require plans, specifications, and
estimates for the work, and then provide,in some
general bill, fur the completion of all these works,
making the necessary appropriations.
In regard to the point made by the gentleman
from Maine, that these contractors have contracts
from the Department which places the Govern-
ment under obligations to meet these appropria-
tions, I have to say that the officers of the Gov-
ernment have no right to make contracts in ad-
vance of the appropriations, and that when they
do so they act in violation of law. These con-
tractors have brought this large mass of material
here not only in violation of law, but in the face
of the express direction of the Secretary of War.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Main?. Will the gen-
tleman from Ohio allow me to ask what evidence
he has that the Secretary acted m violation of
law in making these contracts ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have before nae an official
letter from the Department, which shows that
fact, and it shows that after these contractors had
been directed to stop bringing material here, they
have continued to do it for more than a year.
Now, we propose to pay them for all the material
that has been brought here, and then to stop the
works until we shail have specific plans and esti-
mates, which shall be adopted. I hope the amend-
ment of my friend from Missouri will not be
agreed to.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Will- it be in order to
move an amendment to that which the gentleman
from Missouri proposes to strike out?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes the
amendment will not he in order.
Mr. PHELPS. For the purpose of giving the
gentleman fiom Georgia an opportunity to offer
his amendment, I will, for the time being, with-
draw the amendment I have submitted, although
I shall subsequently renew it, and ask for a vote
of the committee upon it.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move to amend by re-
ducing the appropriation to §1,000. I desire to
say to the committee, that when this bill was up
for the consideration of the House of Represent-
atives originally, it went to the Senate with a
simple appropriation of $5,000 for the preserva-
tion of the materials which had been delivered for
the Tieasury extension. The House readily
granted the amount that was necessary for the
preservation of these materials; hut in the Senate,
the House appropriation was stricken out, and
an appropriation was inserted of $335,000 to con-
tinue the work, and of $104,000 for the payment
for materials which had already been furnished.
Now, the question for this committee to consider is,
whether they will stand by their original decision;
whether they will adopt the amendment of the
Committee of Ways and Means to the amendment
of the Senate providing payment for the materials
which have been delivered under contract, and
probably furnished from the State which the gen tie-
man from Missouri who addressed the committee
represents, or whether they will adopt the amend-
ment of the Senate. These materials have been
furnished under a contract made by Mr. Guthrie
when he was Secretary of the Treasury; and the
Committee of Ways and Means recommend that
these materials shall be paid for, and that an ap-
propriation of §1G4,000 be made for that purpose.
We are also willing to give §5,000, in addition,
for the preservation of the unfinished work upon
the Treasury extension; but further than that the
Committee of Ways and Means were not willing
to go. They were of the opinion that the capacity
of the Treasury building is now ample to contain
all the money there is in it, or is likely to be for
the present.
I hope the amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from Missouri—my colleague on the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means—will not be adopted.
There is no necessity for continuing the work on
that building. I repeat, that the presentbuilding
is ample to take care of all the funds. Comply
with your contract, pay the §164,000 which your
Secretary of the Treasury has agreed to pay, give
$5,000 for preserving the unfinished work, and
then let the work remain as it is until you shall
have more need of room than the present condi-
tion of the Treasury requires.
Mr. STANTON. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Georgia when he expects the Treas-
ury to be in a condition to require more room ?
Mr. CRAWFORD. I answer the gentleman,
never until the Administration of this Government,
legislative and executive, is exclusively in the
hands of the Democratic party. [Laughter.]
Mr. STANTON. That is precisely the point
to which i wished to direct the gentleman's atten-
tion. When both ends of the Capitol were in the
possession of the Democratic party, they started
upon the construction of these new wings to the
Capitol, and of the Treasury extension; and 1 can-
not tell how many million dollars have been ex-
pended upon these works by Democratic majori-
ties m both ends of the Capitol. What I want is
that they should be finished by that party while it
is in power. I think its race is pretty nigh run.
On the 4tli of March next, I think another party
will come rnto power; and 1 "want this Demo-
cratic party to complete the works it has com-
menced before it goes out of power. I want it to
meet the responsibilities it has incurred, and not
allow them to be thrown upon another Adminis-
tration.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to say that my
information is very different from that of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, and that these public works
were commenced under Mr. Fillmore's adminis-
tration, and not under a Democratic Administra-
tion.
ENROLLED BILLS.
The committee informally rose.
Mr. DAVIDSON, fiom the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled, bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (S. No. 285) for the relief of John
Brannan;
An act (S. No. 176) for the relief of R. W.
Clarke;
An act (S. No. 43) for the relief of Solomon
Wadsworth;
An act (S. No. 450) to change the location of
the custom-house for the district of Brazos de
Santiago from Point Isabel to Brownsville, in the
State of Texas.
The committee then resumed its session.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
Mr. STANTON. I know this, that Mr. Fill-
more's administration never had a Congress to
agree with it, and never had either House of
Congress. Both Houses of Congress were Dem-
ocratic under Mr. Fillmore's administration; and
I take it that nq, appropriation could be mado
without the assent of Congress. I believe it was
profligacy upon the part of Congress to commence
these wings of the Capitol, and the work was
commenced when there was an overwhelming
Democratic majority m both branches of the
Congress of the United States. You have been
undertaking works which will require an enor-
mous expenditure, and which cannot be com-
pleted with less than thirty or forty million dol-
lars; and I want you, the Democratic party, to
take the responsibility of completing them, and
not throw that responsibility upon the coming
Administration. I do not want the unfinished
jobs you have commenced under a Democratic
Administration thrown upon the Administration
which will succeed you, and which, I trust, will
be an economical, pure, and just Administration,
and one worthy of the confidence of the nation.
! I want you to finish the jobs you ha\ e commenced,
1 and to make the necessary appropriations there-
for. And if an additional tariff is necessary to
fill the Treasury, consider that question,and come
u> and meet it fairly and squarely, like men.
Mr. KUNKEL. Why did the other side of
the House repeal the tariff of 1846?
Mr. STANTON. It was repe^leti b,y the
Senate, and by a House which diu not have any
