2098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
bia, and to authorize the transfer of its effects to
the Columbia Institution for the instruction of
the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind, reported it
with an amendment.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
305) making appropriations for the support of
the Army, for the year ending the 30th of June,
1851, reported it with amendments.
Mr. SAULSBURY, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
Hannah M. King, widow of Jeremiah B. King,
a soldier of the war of 1812, praying for a pen-
sion, submitted an adverse report.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the petition
of G. C, Johnston praying the payment of a bal-
ance of an amount which the Secretary of War
was authorized to pay him out of the annuity of
the Shawnee Indians, reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, who were
instructed by a resolution of the Senate to inquire
into the expediency of amending the second pro-
viso to the third section of an act, entitled "An
act making appropriations for the currentand con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various In-
dian tribes," &c., approved March 3, 1855, so as
to exempt from the operation of said proviso all
of the North Carolina Cherokecs, who have be-
come citizens under the treaties of 1817 and 1819,
and subsequent treaties, and are embraced as such
in the census of the State, taken in 1850, reported
that it was inexpedient to grant the legislation
prayed for.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred a petition of members
of the Senate of Pennsylvania, praying thatapen-
sion maybe granted to Mrs. Mary Bennett, widow
of Captain Chailes W. Bennett, late of the reve-
nue service, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of James L. Williams,
a soldier of the Kentucky volunteers, who was
wounded at Buena Vista, during the late war with
Mexico, praying an increase of his pension, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the papers in relation to the claim
of John C.irter, who lost an arm by accident while
in the military service of the United States, for a
pension, submitted an adverse report.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Abraham Edwards,
an officer in the war of 1812, praying a pension,
submitted an adverse report.
Mr. POWELL, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Dr.
Thomas Goodseil, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion for services during the war of 1812, reported
adversely thereon.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Louisa T. Whiting,
widow of Major Fa'oius Whiting, of the Army,
praying a pension, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill (S. No. 446) for the relief of Louisa
T. Whiting. The bill was read, and passed to a
second reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr, SUMNER, fiom the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the memo-
rial of Jonas P. Levy, in relation to his claim
against the Aloxican Government, submitted a re-
port, accompanied by the following resolution,
which was considered by unanimous consent and
agreed to:
Resolved. That so much of the memorial of Jonas P.
Levy as relates to the dis'cuveiy and production ol new tes-
timony, maU'iial to the adjudication oi his claim against
the (Government of Mexico be leferred to the Comt of
Claims, to take such action thereon as may be deemed piop-
er. And the S< eretaryof the Department of State t.s heieby
authorized and requested to communicate to the Court of
Claims anv ouginal document*, or authenticated copies
thereof,which may be on file m that Department, and winch
 nav be deemed bv the parties to the atoressud'oiaim ma-
teria] to the proper adjudication thereof: ProiulcJ, The
communication of the said documents, or authenticated
copie-N thereof, may not be incompatible with the pubiic
Iiitoi est. |
DISTRICT BUSINESS. !
Mr. BROWN. I offer the following resolution,
and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That Saturday of the present week be set abide
for the consideration of business relating to the District of
Columbia.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the resolution will lie over.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. PTJGH. 1 ask the consent of the Senate to
take up for consideration Senate bill ]NTo. 305. It
is a bill which was reported some timesincc from
the Committee on the Judiciary,.but I have not
asked the action of the Senate upon it, because I
have been awaiting the action of the other House
on the territorial measures; but it concerns the
administration of justice in one of the Territories,
and ought to be acted on speedily. I move to take
it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole,proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 305) amendatory of the act enti-
tled "An act to establish a territorial government
for Utah," approved September 9,1850.
Mr. GREEN. I move to postpone the bill
until next Monday, and to set apart that day for
the consideration of territorial business. I think
it better, because there are several other questions
as well as this which ought to be considered and
dccidcd by the Senate.
Mr. PUGH. If the Senator from Missouri
will permit me, I desire to say that, as long as
there was a probability that Congress would erect
the Territory of Nevada, I did not press this bill;
but I am assured by the judge assigned to the
trial of causes in that district, that the present state
of affairs amounts to an absolute denial of justice;
that millions of dollars of property are now tied
up by injunctions and other proceedings; and
that, according to the law now in force, there is
not either a sufficient number of terms of the court
or a sufficiency of executive officers to administer
justice; and therefore this hill simply provides for
the creation of a separate judicial district in Car-
son Valley, with an attorney and a marshal, and
additional terms of the courts. The last section
raises the salary of the judges in Utah, which the
committee deemed an exceptional ease, on ac-
count of the great distance they had to travel and
the nature of the country. Still, rather than lose
the first two sections of the bill, I would consent
to strike out the third one, although 1 think it
proper; but certainly, if we are to have the ad-
vantage of the bill at all during this year, it ought
to go to the House of Representatives very soon.
If the Senate should pass a bill to create the Ter-
ritory of Nevada, this bill may then be laid on
the table in the House, and no inconvenience will
result. But certainly after the decisive votes in
the other House on the subject of these Terri-
tories, I conceive it my duty to press this bill as
far as I can towards a determination. That is the
reason I differ from my friend from Missouri.
Mv. GREEN. I agree with what the Senator
says, to a great extent. There is property tied
up by injunctions—mining claims.
Mr. PUGH. Mining claims and property of
the overland company.
Mr. GREEN. That is all true; but they have
an existing judicial district there, and they have
a judge.
Mr. PUGH. But they have no attorney or
marshal nearer than Salt Lake City.
Mr. GREEN. I understand that. They need
an additional marshal; but the marshal of the
Territory of Utah has the power to appoint a
deputy, if he will, and that deputy may reside in
that district, if he so directs. Now, I think it
very probable, for I have been so informed by
members of the other House, that if the Senate
pass territorial bills in proper shape, the House
of Representatives will take them up and pass
them. Therefore, I think it better to wait a few
days, and see whether we cannot get up all these
territorial questions, and settle them, if possible.
If we cannot, then I shall consent to go for the
Senator's bill.
Mr. PUGH. If the Senate will consent to the
Senator's motion to set aside some early day for
the consideration of all the subjects connected
with the Territories, I shall waive my motion.
Mr. GREEN. I will not only consent to it,
but urge it.
Mr. PUGH. If you will fix some early day,
I will consent to the motion.
Mr. GREEN. I propose next Monday.
Mr. GWIN. I have only this to say, in regard
to the arrangement made by the two'Senators:
that there is an absolute necessity for having
some courts organized in that portion of Utah
Territory. If a territorial bill can be passed, I
am for that; but I hope some early day will be
set when this subject will be acted on in the Sen-
ate, becausc there arc thousands of persons there,
and there is no law at all.
Mr. GREEN. I propose next Monday.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If there is no question
now pending before the Senate, I move to take
up House bill No. 220.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzfat-
rick in the chair.) There is a question before the
Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. What is the question?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mo Son of
the Senator from Missouri to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of Senate bill No. 305 until
Monday next.
Mr. GREEN. And make it the special order
for that day.
The motion was agreed to.
SANSON DART.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to take up House
bill No. 220.
Mr. GWIN. What is the bill ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A bill for the
relief of Anson Dart.
The motioli was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 220) for the relief of
Anson Dart. It proposes to direct the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury Department
to pay to Anson Dart, late superintendent of In-
dian affairs in the Territory of Oregon, the sum
of $4,000 per annum, deducting therefrom $2,500
per annum, already received, for the time he
served as such superintendent, being from the
1st day of July, 1850, to the 4th day of May,
1853; and also, to settle with lum upon principles
of equity and justice, so as to indemnify him for
all moneys paid and expenses incurred by him
for the use and benefit of the Government, for the
services of an extra assistant clerk six months,
and for the board of the Indian interpreters em-
ployed by him during his term of office as super-
intendent.
Mr. LANE. I should like, Mr. President, to
move to amend the bill; but I have not the amend-
ment drawn up. The Secretary can take down
the amendment that I propose. It is, that the
provisions of the bill, so far as salary is con-
cerned, shall extend to the superintendent who
served previous to Mr. Dart, and also to the su-
perintendents who have served as such subsequent
to his appointment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator please restate his amendment, so as to enable
the Secretary to take it down ?
Mr. LANE. I did not expect the bill to be
taken up this morning, or I should have come
prepared with an amendment The amendment
that I propose is, that the provisions of the bill,
so far as salary is conccrncd, shall extend to the
superintendent who served previous to Mr. Dart,
and to those who served in that capacity subse-
quent to his appointment or to his resignation; so
that if the bill passes, all persons who have served
as superintendents of Indian affairs in Oregon
shall be entitled to the same salary that you pro-
pose to give to Mr. Dart.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the amendment as he has prepared it, to
see if it meets the views of the Senator.
The Secretary read the bill as proposed to be
amended, as follows:
That the pioper accounting officer of the Treasury De-
partment be authorized and" dnected to pay, out of any
money in the Tieasuiy not oth<uwi;-e appropriated, to An-
son Dart, late supeiinteiideiu of Indian Allans in the Ter-
ritory of Oregon, and also to the superintendents who served
previously oi subsequently to the i>aid Anson Dart, the sum
of $4,000 per annum. &c.
Mr. LANE. That embraces those who served
subsequent and previous to Mr. Dart. If the bill
passes at all, Mr. President, it ought to pass with
this amendment. Then it would be paying the
same salary to all the superintendents, so that
there will be no discrimination. I should, how-
ever, be sorry to see the bill pass in either shape,
for I do not want to see the salary increased, either
for Mr. Dart or any other person that has served
