1154:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
Liberia: Jixxd provided further, That the same amount be
placed at the disposal ol the President for the faithful exe-
cution of the act of Congress in reference to the rendition
of fugitive slaves.
Mr. Chairman, I rise, sir, not for the purpose
of discussing the propriety or the impropriety of
-this law in reference to the suppression of the
slave,trade. I wish to be distinctly understood,
that whether this law be right or wrong, I am in
favor of its faithful enforcement so long as it re-
mains on the statute-book. And if this $40,000
shall be actually needed for this purpose, and
called for by the President, it ought to be given.
The. chairman of the Committee of "Ways and
.Moans, fiowever, is so indefinite in his statements
and estimates upon which this appropriation is
based, I confess I have some doubts as to the pro-
priety of this legislation. My mind is inclined
against this prospective legislation, taking it for
f ranted that there will be violations of the law.
t strikes me it will be time enough to make this
appropriation when we find it shall be actually
needed. We have just as much right to presume
there will be violations of the fugitive slave law,
and ask for $40,000 to carry this law into effect.
And for this reason, I offer this amendment, pro-
viding that no part of this money shall be used
for the education and maintenance of the Echo
Africans in Liberia; and that the same amount
called for to execute this law for tiie suppression
of the slave trade, shall also be placed at the dis-
posal of the Executive to enforce the fugitive slave
law. The enforcement of the one is as neccssary
as the other, and I hope this amendment will be
adopted.
Mr. REAGAN. I do not understand that this
Government provides for the educating these Afri-
cans, and therefore there is no necessity for the
passage of the amendment.
Mr. BONHAM. I ask the gentleman from
Georgia whether such is the fact?
Mr. JONES. The word education, I believe,
is used in the message which the President sent
to this House on this subject.
Mr. REAGAN. The President may have, in
his message, recommended that these Africans
should be educated at the expense of the Govern-
ment; but there ia no provision of law, that I
have ever heard of, for theiFeducation.
Mr. BARKSDALE. X desire to state this fact:
under the eighth article of the Ashburton treaty, a
squadron was placed on the coast of Africa for the
suppression Of the slave trade, which is now main
tained there at an expense of nearly a million
dollars per annum, certainly at a cost of $800,000,
which, 1 think, is the amount stated in the last
report of the State Department upon the subject.
Yet now, sir, without any reason being assigned
for it, we are asked to appropriate $40,000 more
to enforce the laws against the A frican slave trade.
1 admit that this slave trade has not been sup-
pressed, and it will not be suppressed. It is still
carried on, and it will continue to be carried on
until a check can be put upon Yankee avarice and
Yankee cupidity, for it is their ships which are
engaged in carrying it on. So far as I know, but
in a single instance has a southern vessel been
detected in that trade. It is carried on by vessels
from northern ports and manned by northerners.
This is a fact which I desired to state in addition
to the remarks made by the gentleman from South
Carolina.
Mr. REAGAN. I make the question of order
that this amendment is not germane to the bill.
It has no reference to the subject of it, and it is an
unnecessary obstruction upon the appropriation.
Thu CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the question of order raised by the gentleman
from Texas comes too late.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I now renew the amend-
men't offered by me yesterday, which was with-
drawn temporarily at the request of the gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Miles,] for the
purpose of allowing him to introduce a matter
which has been disposed of, I move to amend by
adding at the end of the bill the following:
Provided, That the sum of .$150,000. appropriated for
running and marking the lines between*the United States
and British possessions bounding Washington. Territory,
shall be so expended as to put an end to the work.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to lay aside the bill,
to be reported to the House.
Mr. MILES. I desire to offer a modification
of my amendment, which has been decided to be
out of order. I understand that there were some
particular words left out of the other amendment,
which induccd some gentlemen to vote in favor
of sustaining the decision of the Chair. This
proposed application is in accordance with exist-
ing law, and I am certain that it is in order.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order. There
is no amendment pending upon which any re-
marks can be predicated.
Mr. MILES. I propose to offer an amend-
ment.
~Mr. GROW, What I want is, that the gen-
tleman shall offer ljis amendment in advance, so
that we may understand upon what his remarks
are predicated.
Mr. MILES. I move to amend by adding at
the end of the bill as follows:
And that the Secretary of State be directed to pay, out
of any unexpended balance of the appropriation of $75,000
made for expenses in the ease of the Echo Africans, in
the consular and diplomatic act passed at the last session
of Congiess, the amount claimed as compensation for his
services in said case, by the United States marshal for the
district of South Carolina: Provided, That, in the opinion of
the Attorney General of the United States, the said mar-
shal is entitled to receive the same, and that the expendi-
ture thereof is authorized by any existing law.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I make the
point of order that the amendment is out of order
for several reasons. It is not in order, for the rea-
son thr tit is substantially-a private bill, and be
cause it is independent legislation upon an appro-
priation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of-order raised by the gentleman from Maine
upon the same grounds on which he decided the
amendment of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, offered yesterday, which was substantially
the same, out of order: on the ground that it is
not in order to incorporate a private claim in an
appropriation bill.
Mr. MILES. I dislike to appeal from the
decision of the Chair, especially when so large a
majority of the House, a short time ago, voted to
sustain his decision; but, sir, I consider that the
modification which I have made brings the amend-
ment clearly within the rules of order. 1 do not
consider it as new legislation at all; nor do I con-
sider it as a private claim. We last year appro-
priated a certain sum of money for certain pur-
poses.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a question of order.
The appeal is not debatable.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is hearing the
gentleman from South Carolina by the indulgence
of the committee. The Chair is desirous of being
enlightened upon the question of order, if the com
mittee will indulge the gentleman.
Mr. MILES. If gentlemen will not listen to
me, I simply submit the appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. McRAE. I wish to put a question to the
Chair. As the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means cannot state a single item of
those going to make up this $40,000,1 would like
to know whether, if it so happens that this claim
which is presented by the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Miles] is a part of that $40,000, the
last section of the bill is then in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will not under-
take to rule upon the last section of the bill. The
question now is upon the amendment of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina.
Mr. McRAE. Then the Chair declines to de-
cide whether the last section is in order, if this
claim is included m that $40,000 provision ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided on
the amendment of the gentleman from South Car-
olina. From that decision the gentleman has
taken an appeal.
Mr. McRAE. Then, the Chairdeclines to give
a decision on the point I have made ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair declines to give
an opinion on that subject at this time.
The question was taken; and the decision of
the Chair was sustained.
Mr. BONHAM. Mr. Chairman, is it now in
order to move to strike out the last section?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order.
Mr. BONHAM. Then I submit that motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. A new clause has been
added to the paragraph which the gentleman from
South Carolina moves to strike out.
The CHAIRMAN. Yes, an amendment has
been adapted, on the motion of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Maynaud,] limiting the appro-
priation for the Washington Territory boundary
survey.
Mr. BONHAM. .My motion is to strike out
the paragraph as it stood before that amendment
was attached to it.
Mr. WASHBURN,of Maine. Have we not
passed from that second section ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not, but
that the last section of the bill is now before the
committee.
Mr. BONHAM. I do not propose to interfere
with the" amendment of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee. 1 move-to strike out these words:
" To enable the President of the United States to carry
into effcct the act of Congress of 3d Maicli, 1819, and any
subsequent acts now in force for the suppression of the
slave trade, ยง40,000."
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a point of order.
I insist that the committee have passed from this
part of the bill; that, as a new section has been
added to the bill, it is now too late to go back and
move to strike out the words indicated by the
gentleman from South Carolina.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Such a mo-
tion, under the circumstances, is utterly unprece-
dented.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The whole of the lasfsection of
the bill is before the committee for amendment.
We have not passed from that section. If we
had, then there would be nothing before the com-
mittee. So long as any member proposes to of-
fer an amendment, that part of the bill is before
the committee.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I make the
point of order that the amendment is not ger-
mane.
The CHAIRMAN. The-Chair thinks that
the amendment is germane, and therefore over-
rules the point of order of the gentleman from
Maine.
Mr. BONHAM. Mr. Chairman,I have in my
hand the memorandum furnished the Clerk by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means.
My investigation went back no further than 1846,
anil 1 found no estimates, except for the last year,
for the purpose now contemplated.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to apoint
of order. The second section has been passed.
Independent legislation in reference to the north-
western boundary survey was received. That
could not have been received or acted upon until
we had passed from the second section. Having
passed from the second section and having adopted
this new and independent legislation, which, I
grant, was not in order, and could not have been
received if it had been objected to, this amend-
ment, I hold, is not now in order, not being ger-
mane to what is before the committee; to wit, the
amendment adopted on motion of the gentleman
from Tennessee.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Maine
renews his point of order upon the ground that,
the amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Maynard] having been adopted, it becomes
a part of the last section now before the commit-
tee, and that the motion of the gentleman from
South Carolina is not germane to that amendment.
Mr. BRANCH. A motion to strike out would
not be in order pending a motion to amend.
Mr. BONHAM. I haveonly five minutes, and
1 hope that I will not be further interrupted. I am
sorry, sir, to see the gentlemen on the other side
so sensitive on this subject. The first appropri-
ation was for $50,000, passed to carry the law of
1819 into execution. That was rendered neces-
sary because immediately after the passage of that
act, certain slaves had been capturcd by the United
States authorities. The subsequent appropria-
tions were much smaller. They wentdown so low
as $5,000, in 1856. Of late years they have not
been more in any year than $10,000. The appro-
priation for 1842 was $10,000, and then appropri-
ations ceased for fourteen years. What necessity
exists now for this appropriation which did not
exist during those fourteen years? Why are we
asked to appropriate $40,000 at this time, when 110
reason for it is given ? 1 trust that this House
docs not mean to squander the public money
without knowing to what purpose it is to be de-
voted.
