1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2099
in that capacity. The law fixes the salary at
$2,500. It is, in my judgment, a fair compensa-
tion It is enough for the services rendered by
any incumbent of that office, and it ought not to
be increased. This is one of the few cases, I
think, where Congress proposes to provide for an
increase of salary a scries of years after the duty
lias been performed, and where the salary had
been fixed by law.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator state his question of order ?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir. It is, that there is so
much noise in the galleries that it is utterly im-
possible to be heard on the floor. I wish that the
galleries might be requested to suspend conversa-
tion for a few minutes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It becomes
the duty of the Chair to admonish the galleries
that there must not be so much conversation.
The Chair is under the impression that the con-
fusion proceeds from the galleries, and not from
. the Chamber.
Mr. HALE. That is so, sir.
Mr. LANE. I will state this case, as I under-
stand it, in a moment. In the first place, I will
ask that these two communications from the Com-
missioner of Indian Aft'airs,onebearingdate 1856,
and the other 1860, be read by the Secretary:
The Secretary read them, as follows:
Department of the Interior,
Office of Ixdian Affairs, March 24, 1856.
Sir: For reply to your letter of the 19Ui instant, inquir-
ing "when Anson Dart was appointed supeiintendcnt of
Indian affairs in Oregon; when he enteied upon his duties;
how long he served ; and whether,"duung hi*, teun of sei-
vice, he visited this city," and u tor what pmpose; how
long he remained; and whether he iesigned and left Ore-
gon pievious to the appointment of hi- micccssoi ; and,
also, whether he did not tuin over the public piopoitv to a
private citizen," &c., &c., I have the honor to state, as fol-
lows :
Dr. Dart was appointed superintendent of Indian affairs
in Oregon in June, 1850. His official bond wa* executed
on the 1st of July, 1850; and his compensation, by direction
ot the Commissioner of Indian Afidir* then m office, com-
menced on that day. lie left New York about the 15m of
August following, and arrived in Oregon on the 28th Sep-
tember. He charged and was allowed pay as ^upenntend-
ent from the 1st July, 1850, to the s20lh April, 1853.
lie visited Washington in 1851-52, arrivmghere th?25th
December, 1851, and taking his final depaiture the 26th
Way, 1852.
IJy letter from this office of the 6th December, 1S51, Mr.
Dart was ordered to repair to Washington, for the pin pose
of furnishing to the Depaitment more lull and definite in-
formation respecting the Indian nftans of the Terutoiy.
Whilst the order was in transit to Oiogon, Mr. Dart wa«s on
his way here.
lie icached his supei intendency in Oiegon, after his re-
turn from this city, July *23, 1852. ami lemaincd there till
about the 20th April, 1853. It is undeistood that his own
object in coming to Washington was to confci ics-poctm*
Indian matters, particularly relative to certain treaties
which he had negotiated.
Mr. Dait resigned ins office by a letter of December 14,
185*3,-lus resignation to take effect June 30, 3853
The commission ofJoel Palmei, as vupeimtewlent
in place ofMr. Dait, was forwaided from this othceon the
18th March, 1853, and leceived by him on or about the 4th
dav of May following.
He pioceeded at once to the superintendent'^ office at
Milwaukee, and on reaching there was advised that Mr.
Dart hau left some two weeks previous to his arrival.
On the 11th April, 1853, Mr. Lot Whitcomb appears to
have executed a certificate that Mi. Dait had dehveied to
him certain articles of public pioperty, winch ho thereby
agieed to deliver " lo the success! ni office of Anson Dart,
Esq., on shoit notice." A copy of the paper mentioned
k heiewith inclosed, as also a copy of the letter of Mr.
Dart, addressed to tins oiiice on the loth of June, 1855,
atkmg that his salary be allowed to the 4th of May, 1S53,
instead of ttie 20th of Apiil, as it had been befoie settled.
1 also inclose an cxtiact from a ieport of Superintendent
Palmer, dated the 27th day of Mav, 1853:
'•Although the predecessor in ofliee of the present Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, on the 3d March,185*2, addressed
a letter to Hon. 1). It. Atchison, of the United States Sen-
ate, expressing the opinion that the salary of the super-
intendent of Indian affairs m Orison should be $4,000 per
year, inasmuch as the matter of additional pay to late Su-
perintendent Dart, now before Congress, was not presented
foi its consadei ation by the President or the Secretary of the
Interior, or any communications emanating from this office,
1 think that, m icsponse to that clause of the letter asking
if, in my opinion, 'he (Mr. Dart) is entitled to extra addi-
tional pay for the time he was in wivice, and if so, if others
who seived belote and since, in the same office, are i!ot
entitled to the same pay?' I cannot, in propriety, go fur-
tliei than to sav that I am of the opinion that the duties
of superintendent of Indian affairs in Oregon are now as
responsible, laborious, and impoitant as they evei*were,
and that others who served before and since m the same
office aie a« justly entitled to any nieiease of compensa-
tion as the late superintendent."
\ery respectfully, yourobedient servant,
CHARLES E. MIX,
Acting Commissioner.
Hon. Joseph Lane, Delegate, <§'c., United States House
cj Representatives.
P. S. I have the honor to add, at your request, that the
amount of public funds remitted to Anson Dart, durin^lns
term of office, was $09,240 23. The amount remitted to
Joel Palmer, to date, is §119,596 36.
Department of the Interior,
Office Indian Affairs, April 11. 1880.
Sir: Tn answer to the several inquiries relative to Dr.
Anson Dart and Joel Palmer, late superintendents of Indian
aflairs in Oregon, embraced in the memorandum left by you
at this office ye.-"tei day, [have the honor to state, as follows:
1. Dr. Dart was appointed superintendent in June, 1850.
His official bond was executed on the Istof July, 1850, and
his compensation (by direction of the then Commissioner
of Indian Affairs) commenced on that day.
2. Di. Dart chatged, and was allowed, the sum of $632
for expenses fiom New York to Oregon.
3. By a letter from this office, of the 6th of December,
1851, Dr. Dait was ordered to repair to Washington, for the
purpose of furnishing to the Department more full and defi-
nite information respecting the Indian affairs of the Teiri-
tory. Whilst this older was in transit, Dr. Dait was on his
way here. He arrived in this city on the 25th December,
1851, and left for Oregon on the 26th May, 1852, making one
hundred and fifty days. II is expenses foi that time were, for
board, $300, and miscellaneous items of cloncal assistance,
&c.,$64 50. His expenses m traveling to this city and re-
turning to Oregon, charged for by him, and allowed m settle-
ment, weie $1,400, based on his estimate of distances—
namely, fourteen thousand miles, coming and returning, at
ten cents per milo.
4. Dr. Dart left this city, after the above specified sojourn
here, on the 2Gth May, and leached his destination m Oie-
gon on the 23d July, 18.52
5. The amount expended in constructing a building for
the supeiintendcnt was, m the aggregate, as appears fioin
his accounts, $5,6 U 39; and there has been no final dis-
position made of the same.
6. This office i« not ad vised of the time Dr. Dart left Ore-
gon after forvvaiding his leMgnation; and no e.vpen.se in-
cident to lus return has been allowed.
7. The amount of public funds remitted to Anson Dait,
and disbuiscd by him during his tcim of office, was
$'69,240 3H. The amount lenntted to and di&buibcd byJot I
Palmer, duiing his teim. was ,<'233,872 07.
I have the honor to be, verv respectfully, vour obedient
servant, A. C. GREENWOOD,
Commissioner.
Hon Josr.pn Tjvne, United States Senate.
Mr. LANE. This caso can be summed up in
a very few words. Dr. Dart was appointed su-
perintendent of Indian affairs at the time men-
tioned in that communication. The salary com-
menced on the 1st day of July. He arrived in
Oregon 111 September, and he remained there on
duty from the 23d of September until October,
185], , In .Tune, 1851, Dr. Daitadd rcssed a letter
to the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, asking to
be ordered to Washington. Again, in October,
he addressed two letters to the Department, still
asking; to be ordered to Washington, and in one
of those letters he said:
" I would hc'te io-poctlully suggest for your coiMdeia-
tion the propi icly oi your lequestm; me to visit Washing-
ton city tlif lall, alter the lamy season commences hen-.
Theie will be a necessity lor the passage, at the next ses-
sion of Confess, of some special act or new connected with
Oiogon. IJcMdf^, 1 shall luue collected inlormation that
will be veiv impoitant lo the Dopaitmont at Washington, j
much ot which cannot piudently be embodied m my annual |
lepoit." |
lie desired to be ordered here that he might in i
person communicate to the Commissioner of In-
dian Afum s information that he could not commit
to paper. - 1 should like to know of the Senator
pressing; this claim, what those things were that
Dr. Dart had to communicate that he could not
spread upon paper. Hi«s purpose was to get out
of Oregon, to get to Washington. In October, ho
addressed a letter to the Commissioner, reminding
him that he desired to be requested to visit Wash-
ington; and in October, he wrote a second letter
making known to the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs that if his order did not arrive very soon, H
he-should repoit in person in Washington city, i;
He had got tired of waiting for orders. The De-
partmentdid not send an order; but about the time jj
he arrived here, the Department, upon considering ! J
his second or ihiid letter, madean order that was jj
in transitu at the time Dr. Dart was on his way to jj
this city.
Dr. Dart was on duty the first time in Oregon
about thirteen months. He went there at an ex-
pense of $632, as stated in'tlie communication just
read. He was on salary from the day he was com-
missioned. He was in this city one hundred and ,
fifty days, and he was m NewVoik some twenty j
days moiu, before he set out for Oregon, still under ■
pay. Afterpayinghim§G32fortravelingexpenses, |
when he was sent to Oregon, the Department al- 1
lowed him $700 traveling expenses when he re- j
turned to this city, and then they hired rooms for j
him, and paid his board in this city. Although j
his salary was still going on, they paid §300 for j
his boarS; and they hired a cierk fo,r him here, ,
and paid him some §64 50 to do some writing that
Dart had to do in Washington. He returned to
Oregon at an expense again of $700, making, in
the round trip, $1,400, although he came here at
his own request, and. for no purpose connected
with the duties of that office, but to confer per-
sonally with the Commissioner of Indians Affairs.
His visit here did not relate to the public business '
He was not m the discharge of his duty. Pie was
absent from his post, and was not on duty, as he
ought to have been. He was on duty altogether,
in Oregon, a little over twenty-one months.
It is a mistake, though stated by one of the
grave Senators of this body, that Dr. Dart suc-
ceeded in maintaining peace with the Indians
while he was superintendent. During his ad-
ministration of Indian affairs we had one of the
bloodiest wars that ever sprang up in Oregon.
I stated the other day that I had the honor of
serving in that war as a private under one of the
gallant officers of the Army, Major Kearny. In
that war, the gentleman who proposes this claim
would obliterate the efficient services of some of
the most gallant men that belonged to the Amer-
ican Army, and among them the gallant and la-
mented Captain Stuart, than whom there was not
on the face of the earth a man who discharged
his duty more handsomely in every battle, from
Vera Cruz to the city of Mexico. That gallant
officer lost his life in the Indian war that took
place while Dr. Dart was superintendent of In-
dian affairs; and though that war took place,
and was a bloody one, the Doctor never offered to
go to the sccne of trouble. He did not report
there in person; and when the Indians were col-
lected tor consultation, and with a view of making
a peace, and bringing about a reconciliation be-
tween the whites and the Indians, the superin-
tendent of Indian affairs was not on the ground,
nor did he visit^that section of country; but the
Governor of Oregon, Governor Gaines, went in
person, and took charge of Indian affairs, and
assumed the duties of superintendent because the
supeiintendcnt did not perform them. He had
much expense, labor, and trouble in bringing
about a peace. He did it himself. I came here
and procured an appropriation of some three
thousand dollars to pay the expenses incurred by
Governor Gaines in making his tour to the scene
of trouble, with his escort, sufficient to protect
him while he was in the discharge of that duty.
I mention tins that it may be understood that
peace was not preserved m that country. That
is one of the reasons urged that this man should
have pay superior to that which any other per-
son has ever had who has discharged the duties
of that office in Oregon. He was underpay nearly
three years. He wns in Oregon less than twenty-
two months, and during that time his salary
amounted to $7,013 89; traveling expenses in go-
ing out the first time, §C32; expenses of the round
trip to and fi om Washington, $1,400; board while
hero, £300; clerical expenses, $64 50; making a
sum total of 59,410 39 for less than twenty-two
months' scivuo. He was not on duty while ho
was superintendent while he was a* Washing-
ton, though his pay was going on, and (he Gov-
ernment was kind enough to pay his expenses
while hero.
I have niacin a calculation to show the amount
of expense of this superintendent, including his
clerks and interprets rs, during the twenty-two
months, or a huie less, he was on duty, and the
whole together—the salary, the traveling expenses
of Dr. Dart, together with the price of clerical aid
in Oiegon, including liis inteipretcis—amounted*
to £,17,070 31. Dr. Dart's pay for the time he
was ou duty, taking his salary altogether, with the
Herks and interpreters that he kept on duty about
him, amounted to about eight hundred dollars a
month; and now, not content with this, this man,
through his friends, comes here and asks for ad-
ditional pay: they selecting him out of the num-
ber that have served there as the one that shall be
entitled to extra compensation.
The expenses of this man—I speak of personal
expenses—his salary, and that of his deiks and
interpreters, during the time he was the superin-
tendent, counted for the time he was actually on
duty, amounts to about twenty-se\en dollars a
day; and now it is urged that lie shall have $1,500
per annum during the time he was under commis-
sion, during the time he was sitting lieie at double
expense to the Government; first, his salary, then
