1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBE.
■1155
It is said, sir, that this appropriation is neces-
sary to cxecute the law of 1819. Let that law be
executed; but what I want to know is, why it is
necessary to appropriate $40,000 at this time to
carry that law into effect? That law, as I under-
stand, provides for its own execution. Itauthor-
izes payment to the officers and crew, as well as
to the informers. We are not informed by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
whether one dollar of this amount is needed, nor
are we informed how it is needed. I hope, then,
that my motion to strike out will be adopted by
the committee. ,
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Chairman, I think that
there is an undue sensitiveness on this subject.
This appropriation of §40,000 may be a very need-
ful one; and if so, then 110 injury is donein pass-
ing it; and it may be a very unnecessary one; and
if so, not a dollar will be squandered, for the
money will remain unexpended; and after the ex-
piration of a few years it will revert to the Treas-
ury.
The plain object of the appropriation is this:
by the act of 1819, certain duties are imposed
upon the President. It is made his duty to return
.to the coast of Africa any captured negroes that
may be taken from slave vessels. If these negroes
should be captured and brought to the United
States by the ships of war, as they must be, the
President is required to return them to the coast
of Africa. He ought to have some fund at his
command out of which to meet the expense thus
incurred. A want of appropriation was felt last
year, when the President was obliged to make a
contract with the Colonization Society, dependent
upon a future appropriation by Congress. If you
require this to -be uniform, you mustput it in the
power of the Presidentto discharge it. Sir, there
is nota Department of the Government for whose
convenience contingent appropriations are not
made.
We have to appropriate contingent sums for
the Treasury Department, for the State Depart-
ment, for the War Department; and out of these
contingent appropriations such expenses are de-
frayed. This is appropriately one of the contin-
gent appropriationsfor the executive department,
or the department of the President. If vessels
are captured with slaves on board, the President
will need the money; and he ought to have it, to
enable him to perform the duty imposed upon him
by Congress. If no captures are made, the money
will remain in the Treasury; there is no expendi-
ture, no squandering of the public money at all.
But we should at all times provide the President
with the means of executing the solemn duties
devolved upon him by act of Congress.
Mr. BONHAM. I would ask the gentleman
why was not this amount appropriated from 1846
to 1852 > I believe the gentleman was a member
of this House then.
Mr. MILLSON Because it was notasked for,
I presume. And the mischievous consequences
of not asking for it were felt last year; and it be-
came the duty of the President to send a special
message to Congress to obtain the passage of a
special appropriation, to enable him to defray the
expenses which, by the act of 1819, it became his
duty to meet.
Mr. HILL. I move to strike out the appro-
priation of $40,000; and I do this to enable me to
obtain some information from the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means. I will ask him
this question: docs he know of any special ser-
vice to which this fund is to be appropriated; or
is it merely to be provided as a contingent fund
to meet such cases as those referred to by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Millson?] If,
for example, there should be a capture of ne-
groes by any vessel of war of the United States,
and those negroes were brought into an American
port, do I understand that this fund is to remain
intact for that purpose; or is it to be used for
secret service money by our naval officers, to enable^
them to interfere with the trade upon the coast of
Africa or elsewhere ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is a mere contingent fund,
laced, by the law of 1819. at the service of the
..'resident, to pay certain expenses defined by law,
•rowing out of the suppression of the slave trade.
It may "be that none of this money will be used;
it may be that more will be needed.
Mr. HILL. I understand, then, that if there
should be no capture made of slaves, there would
£
be no expenditure of this appropriation. I will
withdraw my amendment.
The question was upon the amendment of Mr.
Bonham; which was not agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN moved that the consular and
diplomatic appropriation bill be laid aside, to be
reported to the House, with a recommendation
that it be passed.
The motion was agreed to.
indian appropriation bill.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the committee
took up and proceeded to consider House bill No.
215, being a bill making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and; for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with various Indian tribes, for the year ending
June 30, 1861.
Mr. BARKSDALE. It is known that thegen-
tleman from Alabama [Mr. Curry] has the floor
for to-day. And I would suggest to the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways^nd Means that
he will allow this bill to be laid aside, and per-
mit the President's message to be taken up, so as
to allow the gentleman from Alabama to go on
with his remarks.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means have instructed me to report but one
amendment to this bill. The bill proposes merely
to carry out existing laws. We can adopt the
bill then.
Mr. BARKSDALE. It will take an hour to
read the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. The reading of the bill can
be dispensed with.
Mr. BARKSDALE. It would be necessary to
read the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would ask that the read-
ing of the bill be dispensed with; and I will
submit the only amendment I am instructed to
offer.
Mr. BRANCH. That would be not to read
the bill by paragraphs at all, and I cannot consent
to that.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then let the bill be read,
and at three o'clock, if we have not concluded its
consideration, we can lay it aside.
The CHAIRMAN. Under the rule, the bill
will be read the second time by sections, for amend-
ment. The Chair understands the gentleman from
Ohio.[Mr. Sherman] that this is a regular appro-
priation bill, and confined strictly to appropria-
tions to carry out existing laws
Mr. GROW. The bill can be read by clauses,
and if no amendment is made to it, it can be dis-
posed of in half an hour
Mr. BARKSDALE. Very well; with the un-
derstanding that the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Curry] will have the floor at three o'clock,
1 will ask nothing more.
The reading of the bill was then proceeded with
until the Clerk had reached the following clause;
Fui [jieseiit^. lu Indians, §j,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to ask the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
who states that this bill is made up of sums that
are prescribed by acts of Congress, by wltat act
of Congress this appropriation of $5,000 is recom-
mended ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Those arc some items pre-
scribed by treaty stipulations.
Mr. MAYNARD. What treaty stipulation
calls for this appropriation ?
Mr. SHERMAN. As to the tribes of Indians
in California, we endeavor to treat them the same
without treaties as we do other tribes with whom
we have made treaties. The appropriations for
the Indian scrvice in California are made without
trc&tiGS«
Mr. MAYNARD. That is the reason I wished
to ask the gentleman the question whether this is
for some general secret-service fund, to be used
by the Indian bureau at their discretion, or whether
it is to be bestowed upon some particular tribe of
Indians.
The reading of the bill was proceeded with a
few lines further, when
Mr. STOUT offered the following amendment,
to come in after line twenty in the printed bill:
Provided, That, m the State of Oregon and the Terri-
tory of Washington, the supeiintendem shall be allowed a
saiaiy of S3,SOU per annum ; and each of the Indian agents
in said State and Territory shall be allowed §2,500 per an-
num ; and the several sub-Indian agents in tbii said State
and Territory shall be allowed §1,500 per annum.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to this amendment.
It is not in order to offer such an amendment to
that portion of the bill, as we hare passed by.that
portion of it.
The amendment was ruled to be out of order.
Mr. STEVENS,of Washington. 'I move to
amend the bill by inserting, after line fifty-threS,
the following: • . - .
For making treaties with the Indian tribes of Wash-
ington Territory, not included within existing treaty stipu-
lations, $1IK00Q.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to the amendment.
It is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules out the amendment. :
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to move to strike out
a part of the bill making appropriations provided
for by; another bill. I move to strike out all from
line eight hundred and sixty-one to line,eleven
hundred.and sixty-seven.
. Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I desire to
say a word in reference to that amendment. The
portion of the bill which the chairraanof the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means proposes to strike
out contains appropriations according to the reg-
ular estimates for the Indian department," and are
required to carry out treaties. They are to pay
the second installments of a treaty. If these ap-
propriations are not made now, there will be a.
deficiency in that department another season.
Mr. BARKSDALE. It is now three o'clock;
and it was agreed that at this hour the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Curry] should oecupy the
floor.
The CHAIRMAN- That was the understand-
ing of the committee.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suppose the gentleman
from Washington will be entitled to the floor when
the committee resumes this bill?
The CHAIRMAN. He will be.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to lay aside this bill,
and resume the consideration of the President's
message.
The motion was agreed to.
president's annual messaob.
The CHAIRMAN. Upon the President's mes-
sage, the gentleman from Alabama is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. CURRY. Mr. Chairman, none of the opin-
ions I shall utter will probably meet the approba-
tion of a majority in this House, but I shall seek
to challenge'confidence,if not concurrence, by tile
manner in which I shall avow and discuss them.
Much of what I shall say will not be new to those
who have studied the questions, but it has been
said, with much truth, thatit is necessary for each
generation to discuss anew the groat problems of
humanspeculation, which continually come back,
after certain intervals, for reexamination.
Scarce a speech has been made or an essay writ-
ten, for ten years, against slavery, in which the
opinions of the.early fathers of the Republic are
not introduced. These, however, were but mere
speculations, and were not ingrafted upon the or-
ganic law; and actual results are a safer standard
by which to measure abstract principles. Besides,
times have changed since this Government was
first inaugurated as an experiment, not yet satis-
factorily tested. Then there were but little over
half a million slaves, and scarcc a pound of raw
cotton exported. In 1784, a vessel containing
eight bags of cotton was seized at the custom-
house in Liverpool, on the conviction that so much
cotton could not be the growth of America. In
1787, in the debate on slave representation, in the
convention that framed the Constitution, Mr.
Pinckney said:
" North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, in their
rice and indigo, had a peculiar interest winch might be sac-
rificed."
Cotton was not mentioned, forin that year there
were but one hundred and eight bales shipped from
theUnited States. Nowtherearencarfourmillion
slaves, worth $3,500,000,000; and ofsouthern prod-
ucts, there were exported last year $200,000,000,
and those exports enter materially into the com-
forts, necessities, and luxuries of the world. Last
year the cotton crop of the South was near foor
million two hundred and fifty thousand bales;
$161,000,000 worth was exported. Bain, in his
History of Cotton Manufacture, says:
" It is impossible to estimate the advantage to the hulk of
the people from the wonderful cheapness of cotton goods.
