1156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
And—
« The peasant's cottage may, at this day, with good man-
agement, have as handsome furniture £or beds, wtadows,
and tables, as the house of a substantial tradesman sixty
years since."
African slavery is now a great fact—a political,
social, industrial, humanitarian fact. Its chief
product is king, and freights northern vessels,
drives northern machinery, feeds northern labor-
ers, and clothes the entire population. North-
ern no less than southern capital and labor are de-
pendent in great degree upon it, and these results
were wholly unanticipated by the good men who
are so industriously paraded as clouds of witnesses
against the institution.
■ Slavery has altered, and men's opinions have
altered. It is now of tremendous significance and
consequence. The interests associated with and
dependent upon it are too momentous for it to be
treated as an idle thing—made the football of pol-
iticians and fanatics, and its existence and secu-
rity imperiled by rash counsels and rasher action.
Involving and comprehending so much; being the
source of wealth and power and greatness; con-
tributing so abundantly to civilization and human-
ity, is it. unreasonable that the South should de-
mand its extension and protection, and exhibit
sensitiveness at the threat to surround her " with
a cordon of free territory, and to compel slavery,
like a serpent in a ring; of fire, to sting itself to
death?"
The North has demanded expansion; and is
now So urgent in getting rid of a superabundant
population as to demand that the Government
shall gratuitously provide free homes as an in:
ducement to emigration. But for an outlet, sub-
sistence would have pressed close on the heels of
production, and there would have been that irre-
pressible conflict between capital andlabor which
excites so much apprehension among reflecting
men,and of the disastrous harvestof which New
England is now reaping the "first fruits" in the
strikes at Lynn, Natick, Marblehead, and other
neighboring towns. To deny future expansion to
the South, is either cold, ferocious, malevolent
cruelty, or it is a significant concession that our
system is not subject to the same evils which
afflictor threaten the more populous North. The
South needs expansion, now or hereafter. The
right, the liberty, must not be gainsaid or re-
stricted. We legislate for the future. A decade,
a century, may be but a span in a nation's history.
He is a poor statesman, and worse philanthropist,
who will do nothing for posterity because pos-
terity has done nothing for him. Keeping the
slaves, increasing rapidly, within circumscribed
limits, while the whites diminish by emigration,
is the inexorable effect or purpose of the merciless
policy which denies to us expansion. The nu-
merical ascendency of the blacks, or the vast dis-
proportion of the races, with the exhaustion of the
productive capabilities of the soil, will render
emancipation certain, or slavery unprofitable, or
the destruction of the white race'probable, or the
establishment of another Jamaica but a question
of time; where, according to a late English work,
(Trollope's,) there are three hundred thousand
blacks, seventy thousand colored people, and only
fifteen thousand whites; and the African breed,
through the pai-liamcntary system and the electoral
franchise, has the control of the Government.
This normal law of national being, this neces-
sity of growth, must find development, if possi-
ble, in the limits of the Union. For years, the
action of the General Government denied or qual-
ified this essential right, and prohibited to the
South that equality of condition, without which
the Government could not and ought not to have
been established. Mr. Webster, who was ostra-
cized for not keeping pace with the precipitate
tread of anti-slavery ism, said, in 1847:
" Wo should take the first, last, aHd every occasion which
otters, to oppose the extension of slavery."
And in 1848:
" I shall oppose ail such extension, at all times anil under
all circumstances, even agam-it all inducements; against
all limitations of great interests; against all combinations;
against all compromises.''
The Republican party, so powerful and well
disciplined, harmonizes to-day solely in Us advo-
cacy ofthis one controlling, overmasteringdogma.
All " territory," outside the limits of a sover-
eign State, " belonging to the United States," is
common property, and every citizen has equal
rights m and to it It was acquired by the Federal
Government for the common benefit of the States
united. It is held by the Government, acting as
the agent of the people of the several States, for
their common use.' The universal conviction at
the South is, that we have the right to emigrate
unmolested, with our slaves, to any Territory be-
longing to the United States. Seward and the
Republicans say, "No; Congress, by positive
legislation, must exclude us." Prominent men
in the North, some t>f whom act with a more
healthy organization than the Republican, say,
"No; the Territorial Legislature, may lawfully
exclude us"—only a question about the mode of
exclusion, which is to be accomplished by either
process. In one event, we are to be killed by the
congressional garrote; in the offier, by the more
stealthy process of territorial poison. Bear with
me, while to both I endeavor to apply the touch-
stone of logic.
The doctrine of congressional exclusion is tersely
and boldly expressed in the Republican platform,
which declared that "the Constitution confers
upon Congress sovereign power over the Territo-
ries of the united States for their government; and
that, in the exercise of this power, it is both the
right and duty of Congress" to prohibit slavery in
the Territories. The powers of the Federal Gov-
ernment are expressed in the grants of the Con-
stitution; and, to authorize the exercise of power,
it is not barely necessary to show the absence of
prohibition, but an affirmative grant, or a " neces-
sary and proper" implication from such affirma-
tive grant. What clause warrants the inference
of such supreme power ? The unsuccessful search
of the bird sent out from Noah's ark typifies the
effort to locate the exact clause which authorizes
this gigantic claim of sovereignty. As Mr. Clay
said of the constitutional power to incorporate a
national bank, it is a vagrant power. Mr. Curtis,
in his argument in the Dred Scott ease, had been
called upon by the opposing counsel to point out
the precise clause on which he based the power
of Congress, and not to support an assertion of the
power by citing the Constitution passim. " Their
call, "said Mr. Curtis, "shall be answered. I give
them notice that my argument will be confined to
the third section of the fourth article." And in his
elaborate argument, as well as in his recent able
pamphlet, he confined himself to that clause. Mr.
Benton, in his review of the Dred Scott decision,
scornfully repudiated the idea that that clause con-
tained any such substantive power; and asserts
that the Territories, as political entities, are never
once mentioned in the Constitution, and the word
"territory" occurring but once,and that as prop-
erty, assimilates to other property—as land, m
fact; and as a thing to be " disposed of—to be
sold."
Most usually, however, the advocates of this
power agree with Mr. Curtis and the distinguished
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Corwin,] and base the
assumption upon the power of Congress " to dis-
pose of and make all needful rules and regula-
tions respecting the territory or other property
belongingto theUnited States." This clause was
adopted without debate in the convention; and,
says Judge Campbell," was demanded by the ex-
igencies of an exhausted Treasury, and a disor-
dered finance, for relief by sales, and the prepara-
tion for sales, of the public fcWds." It was little
imagined that there was lurking under this appar-
ently iimocentverbiage a supremacy in Congress
over the territory nearly equal to that claimcd by
the British Parliament over the colonies; and that
Congress, when it exercised jurisdiction over this
public property, could launch out into the shore-
less, starless sea of discretion, determining the
rights and disabilities of inhabitants, and dis-
franchising whole communities of their property-
rights. It is an assertion of the power to create
and establish the social and political system of
every new State; and hence the action of the Re-
publican Legislatures of Ohio, Vermont, Connect-
icut, &c., instructing their members of Congress
to vote against the admission of new States into
the Union, thus concurring in the recommenda-
tion of the Hartford convention, to curtail the
slave power by preventing the admission of any
more slave States.
In this clause, " territory or other property " is
the subject, the corpus of the grant. The power
given is to make needful rules and regulations for
the property of the United States. The most com-
mon analysis of the phraseology shows that
"territory " is spoken of as one of the kinds of
property. If it be a general, absolute, unlimited,
sovereign grant of legislative authority over the
property, the other clause in the Constitution giv-
ing exclusive legislation over the seat of govern-
ment and places purchased for forts, magazines,
arsenals, dock-yards, and other needful build-
ings, was entirely unnecessary. It was a cumula-
tive and specificgrantofwhat was, in more general
and comprehensive phrase, elsewhere granted. In
the case of the United States vs. Gratiot, as well
as in the Dred Scott case, the judges say that
" the term ' territory' is merely descriptive of one
kind of property, and is equivalent to the word
' land.'
If the construction placed on this clause be cor-
rect, and unlimited legislative power be conferred,
and a substantive authority for civil government be
conveyed, the conclusion seems irresistible, that
Congress can exclude slavery from every foot of
the public domain, whether in Alabama or in Kan-
sas,whether in the States or in the Territories. The
power to " make rules and regulations " applic's
as well to "territory or other property" m the
States as in the uninhabited wilderness. From
this clause alone does Congress derive the power
to dispose of the public lands, and this power
operates in as well as out of the States. Towards
the common territory, Congress cannotadopt any
rule which is not common and uniform to every
State,and has no rightful power to exclude prop-
erty recognized by the Constitution of the United
States, or by the constitution and laws of any par-
ticular State.
The claim of sovereign power over the inhabit-
ants of the soil, as derived from the poxoer to dis-
pose of the soil, or lands, or territory, is a reenact-
ment and revival of one of the "essential facts
and constitutive elements of the feudal system."
That system blended sovereignty with property,
and attributed to the proprietor of the soil, over
the inhabitants, almost all the rights we call sov-
ereignty, and such as arc possessed by the Gov-
ernment. It ascribed to the possessor of the fief
all the rights of the public power; and the pro-
prietor of the soil could enact laws, impose taxes,
and render justice. Guizot, in his History of Civ-
ilization of France, says the feudal regime was
considered by the mass of the population as an
enemy to be fought and exterminated at every
hazard. From its origin to its destruction, from
its epoch of splendor, and at the period of its deg-
radation and decay, the feudal system was never
accepted by the people. The Republican doctrine,
deduced from the proprietorship of the soil, from
the possession of real property, is as repugnantto
all American ideas of personal rights and personal
liberty—to the elemental necessity of the consent
of a people to the existing Government—as feud-
alism was to France, when whoever struck a blow
at it had popularity.
To this claim of sovereign power over the Ter-
ritories, as derived from any source, I might, as
against the Republicans, have conclusively inter-
posed the decision in the Dred Scott case, wherein
the act of Congress prohibiting slavery in the
Territory was solemnly adjudged to lie unconsti-
tutional and void. The decision was full and
proper and essential. So satisfactory and grateful
was it to the South, there is danger of forgetting
one of the old State-rights landmarks. The Su-
preme Court is not to be regarded as the ultimate
arbiter for the decision of all constitutional ques-
tions. Besides the fact, that the judiciary can only
take cognizance of technical cases—and there are
many political questions that cannot be drawn
within its authority—it should never be elevated
above the sovereign parties to the Constitution,
who, as sovereign and independent States, having
formed the compact, have the unquestionable right
to judge of its infraction. The judiciary, as well
as the executive or legislature, may usurp dan-
gerous powers, and is alike subject to the ultimate
right ofiudgment by the parties to the Constitu-
tion. To use the language of Madison's report:
" However true it may be, that the judicial department
is, in all questions submitted to it by the forms ot the Con-
stitution, to decide in the last resort, this resort must ne-
cessarily be the last m relation to the authorities of the
other departments of the Government; not in lelation to
the rights of the parties to the constitutional compact, from
winch the judicial, as well as the other departments hold
their delegated trusts. On any other hypothesis, the dele-
gation of judicial power would annul tlie authority delega
ting It."
