136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
State of New Jersey is true to the Constitution
and the Union.
I am no sectionalist. I make no war upon my
southern friends. I would not deprive them of a
single right under the Constitution of the United
States. I would give them the same rights which i
I hold myself; and I would here say that the only 1
way in which the peace of this country can be
preserved) the Constitution upheld, and the Union
saved, with all its countless blessings, is to stop
this warfare of one section upon the other. The
distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Hickman,] who spoke yesterday, spoke with
power, but he went too far; he did not represent
the true state of feeling at the North. He said
we might cry " peace," but there was no peace.
Now, Mr. Clerk, there is peace; there must be
peace. "What! are we, the Representatives of thir-
ty-three sovereign States, assembled here to fan
the flames of civil discord and sectional strife, that
will inevitably lead to the destruction cf the fair
fabric of American liberty? Are we to engage in
that work ? Are we to continue in such work ?
If it goes on, what will be the next step? The
hand of brother will be raised against, brother,
and our country will run with rivers of blood.
Sir, I am for peace. I am a national man, and
I speak the sentiments of my people. I have
just received, a Republican paper from Railway, )
in my county and district, m which I see there :
is a call upon the common council of that vil-1
lage to unite with the people of all parties m \
defense of the Constitution and the Union, and ;
protest against the unlawful invasion of John ;
Brown and his men into a southern State. And '
not only there, sir, but in another port of my 1
district, in Eiemington, hi the largest Democratic i
county in my district, to-morrow night there is j
to be'held a large Union meeting, not composed I
of Democrats alone, but of all parties, Democrats, i
Republicans, and Americans—all uniting together j
to deprecate this invasion of John Brown and his i
misguided men upon the soil of Virginia. I hopo, j
Mr. Clerk, that southern men do not suppose j
that John Brown and his lutle band, poor, mis-1
guided men, represent the sentiments of ihe north-
ern people. I tell you, sir, that there is not a
man in my district—I go further, 1 do not think
that there is a man in my State, not one, 1 be-
lieve, who approves of that unlawful invasion.
John Brown had no right to go there, and, 1 say,
that every northern man who goes into a southern
State to interfere with the just rights of southern
men, and stir up a bloody insurrection among tin;
slaves, ought to be served in just the same way
that Brown has been served. (_Applau.se."! Al-
though applause in the galleries may be improper,
yet, I tell you, my countrymen, who fill these
galleries, that you cannot applaud a better sen-
timent than that one, that the people of these
sovereign States must mind their own business
and keep their hands off the rights and institutions
of other States. [Renewed applause m the galle-
ries.] That is the only way m which we can have
peace. J t is the only way by which the Union of
this country can be preserved.
Mr. Clerk, I have one word more to say to our
southern friends; to those who have urged ex-
treme views; those who have counselled against
this Union, provided William H. Seward or
Governor Chase should be elected President of
the United Slates. While you complain that the
JN'orth does not uphold the Constitution, that the
North invades your rights, that the North does
not uphold the fugitive slave law, we have here
the doctrine of rebellion against this Government,
provid; d a man of certain political sentiments is
elected President of the United State. Is not that
treason? The majority of the people of this coun-
try have the right to elect just such a man Presi-
dent as they please, and no southern man and no
southern State has the right, or dare justly upon
that ground to go out of the Union. Such a doc-
tnnc is treason, and if it is attempted to be carried
out, I pray God that there will be power enough
in this Government, that there will be enough
good, patriotic, and conservative people to put
it down. This disunion sentiment of the South
must be suppressed as well as this abolition sen-
timent at the North. I consider a disumomst,
a man who .goes for breaking up this Govern-
ment simply because a certan) individual should
be elected President of the United States, just
as dangerous to the peace of the country as the
rankest Abolitionist at the North. If Mr. Seward
should be elected President, and I do not expect
ever to vote for him—1 am no Sf.ward man, for I
expect to vote for a candidate for the Presidency
who is national in all his feelings and sentiment®—
I say, that if Mr. Seward should perchance ever
be elected to the highest office within the gift of
the people of the United States, the South will be
bound, if it hold the Constitution sacred, to sub- j
mit; and I ventuie the prediction that not a south- I
ern State,not even Georgia, which Senator Iveji- j
son predicted will go out of the Union in the event |
I have stated, will go out of this Union if Mr. j
Seward is elected President of the United States. I
Why do I say so' Why, sir, because no southern \
State could sustain itself before the country and j
the world on such a false ground. ;
Those disunionistsrnustwaituntilMr. Seward, '
if he should he elected President, has done some-
thing clearly to violate the Constitution of the
United States before they can have just cause for
going out of the Union. " They have no right to
go simply on the ground of apprehension that lie
will violate u. They must wait patiently the re-
sult; and if he should override the sacred provis-
ions of thi| Constitution, and deny to the southern
Suites their just and equal rights under that in-
strument, then will be the time for them to take,
counsel together, and see what is best to be done
under the circumstances. Why, sir, if Governor
Seward should be elected, he may be the most
conservative President that this country has ever
had. He mav be, and I think he will be, true to
the Constitution. Why would Mr. Seward, if
elevated to the Presidency, endeavor to violate the
Constitution and break up the Union? lie will
be secure in the highest office m this country, the
highest object of his ambition. He will be clothed
with the great power for which he has been strug-
gling for years. Whilst this is so, is it reason-
able, is it natural to suppose, after he has the robes
of power thrown around him, and presides over
(his great and glorious country, that lie would
take any step to destroy this Union, the people of
which have given him the highest office, and con-
ferred upon him the highest honor m the,world?
But, notwithstanding the excited state of feeling
which is exhibited upon this floor, and throughout
the South, the Union will Inst, it was stated by
the distinguished gentlemanfrom Maryland, [Mr.
Stewart,] that governments of men were not
ruled by Almighty power—that the Almighty
power kept m their scvcnl orbits the glorious
planets above us, but never held control over hu-
man governments. 1 have always been taught to
believe in an oveiruhng Providence, and I believe
that Almighty power has preserved us from our
infancy up to our present national manhood, that
if will pieseive us now, if the conservative and
patriotic men of the Norfh and South will only
stand forth m defense of the Constitution and the
Union,
I regret, I\fr. Clerk, very much, that owing to
indisposition, 1 was unable to hear the distin-
guished gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Nel-
son,] who spoke the other day, as I understand,
so glowingly and gloriously of our hallowed
Union. lie is reported to have said, .speaking
of his own State, that the disunion sentiment
was not ripe theie; that the people of Tennessee
were loyal to the Constitution and the Union.
Why, sir, the people of Tennessee false to this
Union ! where sleep the bones of that great and
glorious old chieftain who duiing his lifetime
aid everything in his power to hold fast these
several States and bind them together! Is it to
be supposed that one sound of discord, one note
of disunion would come up from the State of Ten-
nessee, where sleep the bones of Andiew Jack-
son ? No, n<>: the very cry of disunion would
wake up those bones to life; and would to Cod
that great man was now at the holm of tins Gov-
ernment. There was a time when the cry of dis-
union was raised m the State of South Carolina.
That cry was put down. Andrew Jackson was
at the head of the Government then, and he put
jt down, and 1 wish he were here now, because
I am afraid that the pr< sent Executive has not
the moral courage and stamina necessary m
these trying and critical turn's. Mr. Clerk, the
Union will be preserved with all Us countless
blessings. There was a sentiment proclaimed by
Andrew Jackson, which had a response in every
American heart at the time it was uttered, and
which will find a ready and cordial response
now—" the Union, itmust and shall be preserved.5 5
[Applause in the galleries.]
Mr. CURTIS obtained the floor.
Mr. McRAE. Will the gentleman yield the
floor?
Mr. CURTIS. It is not my object to make a
speech, but to move that the House proceed to a
ballot for Speaker. That is the first thing in order,
and the only thing in order. I move that the
House proceed, viva vocc, to a ballot for Speaker.
Mr. McRAE. I ask the gentleman from Iowa
to give way.
Mr. CLAR.K, of Missouri. I ri£c to a ques-
tion of order.
Mr. McRAE., Either the gentleman from Iowa
or myself is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CURTIS. I will yield to the gentleman
from Mississippi a few moments.
Mr. HICKMAN. As I understand the state
of matters before the House, no vote can bo taken
now. There is a question before the House which
prevents it.
The CLERK. Gentlemen will please come to
order.
Mr. McRAE. That is the very thing I want.
Mr. CURTIS. I yielded to the gentleman
from Mississippi for a moment, but to no one else.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Missouri
rises to a question of order. The gentleman will
please state Ins point of order.
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman cannot take
the floor from me tor that purpose.
Mr. McRAE. The gentleman from Iowa has
Yielded the floor to me. The gentleman from
Missouri can make the point of order, and I can
speak to that. As I have the floor, I mean to
maintain it. [Cries oftk Go on!55]
Mr. CURTIS I want th« Clerk to understand
that I yield the lloor but temporarily to the gen-
tleman from Mississippi.
The CLERK. The Clerk understands that the
gentleman from Iowa has yielded the floor to the
gentleman from Mississippi. The Clerk can re-
cognize no agreement upon the pari of gentlemen
when the floor is yielded.
Mr. McRAE. "Befoie proceeding, Mr. Clerk,
to address the House upon the question to winch
1 especially intend to direct its attention, and thai
is to the question of its organization, the only
proper question before it, I may be permitted, I
trust, without ever having interrupted a gentle-
man upon this floor, and without ever having
asked a question of a gentk man having the lloor,
to ask a single question now of the gentleman who
last addressed the House, [Mr. Adraix.] That
gentleman has said that heretofore he has belonged
to the Democratic party; that lie has belonged to
it upon ihe principles whn h that peity has advo-
cated; he has belonged to it, m not only its prm-
: ciples but its organization. The question I wish
to direct to him now is this: whether, if the na-
tional Democratic convention, at Charleston, re-
adopt the Cincinnati platform, he will support its
candidate ?
Mr. ADRAIN. I answer that, by stating that
| if tne Charleston convention jays down the Cm-
i cumuli platform, and places on it a man who has
eonstiued it as Mr. Buchanan did in his letter of
acceptance—namely, that the people of a Ten l-
tory, like those of a State, shall decide the ques-
tion of slavery for themselves, I wdl support that
nominee; but, if they do not put upon it a man
known as having advanced and held such views;
neither I nor my constituents will support the
nominee.
Nov/, sir, I wdl put this question to you, be-
cause I wish that we shall all understand each
other: if Judge Douglas be nominated at the
Chailt st,>n convention, with the construction that
he ha  always put upon the Cincinnati platform,
will you support him for the Presidency >
Mr. McRAE. Tvlr. Clerk, 1 am a fair m:ni,
known to be so at home, and by all who have had
an opportunity to judge of me from any expres-
sion'of opinion that! ever make. [Laughter.]
When the gentleman answers my question fairly,
I will answer lus. [daughter.]
Mr. ADRAIN. I answered the gentleman's
question, and I put a direcr question to him. He
has said to ibis House that he is amir man. Will
he demonstrate his fairness by answering my
question direct > Will he, or v/ill he not, support
j udge Douglas ? [Laughter.]
