SO44
/-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
New York does not now, for the first time, pro-
pose art commissions. The present law on the
subject is to be found in provisoes of the miscel-
laneous appropriation acts of 1858 and 1859, in
which it is provided that no part of the appropri-
ations made for the purpose of extending the
Capitol shall be applied to paintings or statuary,
except after designs for the purpose shall be first
submitted to a commission of three distinguished
artists, appointed by the President, whose accept-
ance of them should afterwards be approved by
the Joint Committee on the Library. That law
the Senate has proposed to repeal; and 1 think
perhaps the Senate has jlonc well. 1 call the at-
tention of the committee to the proviso which
first created this art commission, ft will be found
on page 323 of the last volume of the Statutes at
Large. It is as follows:
"Provided, That none of this appropiiation shall be ex-
pended In embellishing any part ot the (Japitol extension
with seuJpturc and paintings',unless} the designs lor the same
shall have undergone the examination of a committee of
distinguished artists, not to exceed thiee in number, to be
selected by the Piestdent. and that the designs which said
committee shall accept Mtall also receive the subsequent
appiohaiion of the Joint Committee on the Libraiy of'Con-
gress ; but this provision shall not be &o construed as to
apply to the execution of designs heretofore made and ac-
cepted from Crawford and Rogers."
Up to this time the ornamentation of the Cap-
itol hnd been left entirely under the control of the
superintendent of the Capitol extension; but for
some reason, satisfactory to itself, Congress, by
these provisoes, meant to change it, so that, so
faras paintings and statuary were concerned—not
decorative painting and simitar decorations, but
painting in the sense of a fine art—nothing should
ue attempted except on the joint authority of a
committee of artists and a committee of Congress.
The law makes this very plain. These artists
were to be appointed to examine designs, and
when accepted, they were to submit these designs
to a committee of Congress. They had nothing
else to do, and could not do anything else under
the law if they had wished to do so, butexamine
the designs and submit them to our committee.
This required only an occasioned duty, and not a
pci petual commission.
The President, about the 1st of May, 1859,
selected three artists, men honored and skillful
in their professions. If they have examined any
designs, f do not know it. They have certainly
not submitted any to the Library Committee for
approval; and so far as accomplishing the object
proposed by the law is concerned, the subject is
just where it was when these provisoes were
passed. Not a thing has been done, except that
in February last the Secretary of War transmit-
ted to this House the report of these gentlemen,
who do not say in it one word of what the law
permitted them to do—namely, the examination of
designs—but become discursive on a great many
subjects, such as painting llat surfaces, the dissi-
pating efiv< t of gaudy colors on the thoughts of
gentlemen given to thinking, the taste and econ-
omy of the superintendent of the Capitol, with an
allusion to high art in coming money.
Now, all this does no good. If this report were
much larger, and its topics much more various,
it is not one step advanced towards carrying out
the law, which is, that they shall examine designs
when submitted to them, and then refer their
action to the committee. Yet it will cost the Gov-
ernment a good deal, for it is fair to suppose they
will deserve to be paid while under a public ap-
pointment. It is because in itspresent form such
a commission can do no good, while it entails
expense, that I join in the recommendation to re-
peal these laws. Why ha\e such a commission
at this expense, when it has no duties to do? and
why retain it in this shape, when it is shown al-
ready to be a part of a cumbrous machinery that
cannot be made practical?
Instead of conferring with the Library Com-
mittee, they now come in by their report, which
has been published during this Congress, and
which has been referred to already, and ask that
their associates, made so by law, shall have no
share in these functions, and that they shall take
exclusive control of this whole subject and apply
appropriations in such manner as they choose.
And before Congress has given consent to this
change, and having no function except to exam-
ine designs, theyproc.eed to make estimates for art
purposes for the coming year at $66,900. That
the committee may see that I do thexr. no injus-
tice, I call their attention to the concluding por-
tion of their report. It is as follows:
" The commissioners, finding their functions and powers
not sufficiently defined by the acts of Congress of 1658 and
1859 to enable them to perform the duties contemplated in
their appointment, would respectfully urge upon the atten-
tion of Congress the necessity of such further legislation as
shall render the commission efficient and usetnlto the Gov-
ernment; which they believe can be best effected by clothing
them with the authority recommended by the artists ot the
United States, in the followingextractfrom their memorial
to Congress in 1858: 'Your memorialists respecttully urge
that the great end piopo^ed,namely, " the advancement of
art in the United Slates," may he most suiely and com-
pletely attained by the establishment of an aitcommission,
composed ot those designated by the united voice of Amer-
ican artists as competent to the office; who shall be ac-
cepted as the exponents of the autiioiity/and influence of
Amoiican art; who shall be the channels lor the distribu-
tion ot all appropriations to be madt: bj- Congress lor ait
purposes, and who shall secure to arti>t& an intelligentand
unbiased adjudication upon the designs they may present
for the embellishment ol the national' buildings.'"
Mr. Chairman, for a period of five years Con-
gress has not made an appropriation for these
purposes up to the extent of §10,000; and yet it is
proposed to have a perpetual and irresponsible
commission of art chargeable upon the Treasury r
receiving themselves a larger amount for salary
than has been used for such purposes heretofore;
when all experience shows, no.t only here but
elsewhere, that civilians acting in such matters,
without salary or reward, are at least quite as ca-
pable of administering public means, and perhaps
not far behind in those matters which pertain to
the public taste.
[Here the hammer fell.]
3Vlr. CAMPBELL. I move to increase the ap-
propriation $1,000. I beg the attention of the
committee while I brietly present to their consid-
eration the present situation and origin of the art
commission. It was found,previous to 1858, that
while Congress was appropriating hundreds of
thousands of dollars for the completion of the Cap-
itol extension and the ornamentation of the build-
ing, that the rooms in the Capitol were crowded
with incompetent persons, of no taste or experi-
ence, calling themselves artists, who were paint-
ing and defacing the walls,and great wantofskill
was apparent on all sides. There were excep-
tions, but they were decidedly the exceptions to
the &eneial rule.
In 1858 Congress, by an amendment placed
upon an appropriation bill of that year, declared
that no part of the fund appropriated for the Cap-
itol extension should be used for the ornamenta-
tion of the building or grounds in matters of sculp-
ture or painting, except by the direction and
approval of art commissioners, to be appointed
by the President; and that the designs for such
woiks of art should be approved of by them. The
artists of the United States assembled m general
convention at Washington, and named three of
their number to the President for appointment to
the commission thus created: two eminent as
painters, Messrs. Kensett and Lamdcn, and one
equally distinguished as a sculptor, Mr. H. K.
Biown. Upon this recommendation, the Presi-
dent appointed these three gentlemen to take
charge of the ornamentation of the Capitol, the
public grounds, and public buildings. They en-
tered upon the duties of their commission, and
they have been m session for upwards of one
year. That they have not ordered or completed
any work of art is because funds have not been
placed at their disposal for that purpose, fur-
ther legislation, too, was required before they
could pioc^ed with the responsible trust confided
to them. But they did examine the public build-
ings thoroughly and completely in view of their
artistical completion, and they made a full and
able report upon the subject. They have adopted
a design which, if carried out, will redound to the
credit of the country, and add greatly to the beauty
of this building, m which the Representatives of
a great nation hold their sessions. The very ob-
ject of appointing this art commission was to orna-
ment and beautify the Capitol properly, and to save
hundreds and thousands of dollars to the Treasury.
Now we appropriate money to anybody and every-
body to gild and paint as they see proper, with
taste or without taste, with experience or without
it, as it may happen. If gentlemen will look into
the matter, they will find that the art commission
recommended for the casting of the figure of
(i Freedom" in bronze, intended for the dome of
the Capitol, only one half of the amount which
the Secretary of War has given out that work
for, as I understand.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I desire to say
that I have heard that the Secretary of War has
awarded the contract for castingthe bronze figure
for the apex of the dome at a price $15,000 higher
than oifers made by others who were competent
to do the work. Is that true ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 only know the fact from
common report. I know nothing positively upon
the subject. I only know, from report, that the
model has been taken to pieces for the purpose of
being put in bronze, at a high price; but by whose
authority I know not.
I am one of those persons who think that it is
necessary to complete this great Capitol, and to
complete it in a creditable manner. We cannot
leave it to the destructive tendencies of the ele-
ments. We must finish its porticoes, and halls,
and covering; and we want it to come up to or
surpass the standard of the age. We want its
adornments, its sculpture, and its painting, to be
woithy of this nation, which it will, whether you
intend it or not, in a great measure represent. I
do not propose to spend money unnecessarily;
but 1 want the money you do appropriate put
undei the chaige of gentlemen of taste and expe-
rience, who will ornament the building in a man-
ner calculated to reflect credit upon the American
people.
I desire further to say that, although these gen-
tlemen have been discharging their duties for a
year, and are, by your creation, Government offi-
cers, they have never received a cent for their
services up to the present time. They are not
pensioners upon the bounty of Congiesw; they
have as much right to compensation as I have, or
the Speaker who fills that chair. Let us, then,
vote to-day for American art. A country like ours
should do something for its encouragement. I
trust the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Be ale] will be adopted.
Air. REAGAN. We arc now discussing a mod-
ification of an amendment relating to the law of
last Congress creating this art commission. I have
no desire to enter upon a discussion of the pro-
priety of enacting that jaw; but when a piuposi-
uon to amend that law arises, it is one which
certainly deserves the consideration of those who
have to deal with it. I insist that this whole
discussion of the law of Congress creating the
art commission is out of order upon this amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is now exhausted
upon this amendment; and inasmuch as no further
debate is in order, the point of order falls.
Mr. CAMPBELL, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. John Cocu-
iiake's amendment.
Mr. PETTIT. I desire to indicate here that I
shall offer to the thirty-sixth amendment of the
Senate the following:
And that no money appropriated by this ur any existing
laws-hall bo applied tor pamtmgs, statuary, or any other
\voik3 ofillustiativo urt, excepting the woik^ ol fiawford
and Rogers, unless the object*, and the amounts appropri-
ated ioi tiie same be particulaily exptes^ed by law.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I raise the point of order,
that that changes existing law, and hence cannot
be m order to an appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that it is
in order to limit and restrain the application of
money which we appropriate.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Why, sir, it changes ex-
isting law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds it to be
in order.
Mr. PETTIT. The thirty-sixth amendment
repeals the law creating the art commission. The
amendment which I propose saves a part of the
clause proposed to be repealed.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I agree mainly with the
remarks made bj>- gentlemen here on all sides, in
regard to the mode in which the Capitol has been
receiving itsdecorations; butventuring this opin-
ion at the same, time with great diffidence. The
principal fault has been that where a large appro-
priation has been made,amounting sometimes to
a million dollars, nhas been infrrcntially supposed
that the architect of this Capitol might employ a
portion of it in statuary, painting, frescoing, and
other work, as falling within and foiming a part
of the structure itself. That is, I apprehend, the
only ground on which the superintendent of the
