1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1157
We accord to this decision a higher authority
than that claimcd for the ordinary current of judi-
cial decisions, because the court, in this instance,
was made the umpire of the question by express
legislative enactment; and to its weight as an ad-
judication is superadded the authority of a law,
admitted by its opponents to be not unconstitu-
tional.
The second mode by which exclusion from the
common property is to be accomplished, or the
right of the South to expansion, is to be or may
be defeated, is through the alleged power of a
Territorial Legislature. This theory is of recent
birth, and is differently explained and limited—
sometimes not without confusion of ideas and
misapplication of terms; but its zealous advocates
press it, under euphonious and popular names,
as if, like some quack medicine, with equally at-
tractive nomenclature, it were the never-failing
catholicon for all the ills that our body-politic is
heir to. It is an erroneous opinion that this mode
of exclusion is advocated solely by a fragment of
the Democratic party at the North. Not an in-
stance can be cited, since 1850, wherein the Re-
publicans or Free Soilers, whatever may have
been their paper theories, have failed to vote for
every measure practically carrying it out. During
the Kansas controversy, various amendments
were proposed and sustained by the Republicans,
empowering the Territorial Legislature to ex-
clude slavery, or construing the bill so as to rec-
ognize this power. I am informed that that party
in Kansas, Nebraska, Minnesota, and Oregon,
incorporated this doctrine into their platforms,
and conducted their political campaigns on that
issue. Once a Territorial Legislature was re-
garded as the creature of Congress, limited in its
powers of legislation, as having no sovereignty,
and as being wholly subordinate to the creative
power. Its action was revisable; and a single
act of Congress could sweep it out of existence.
Its power being derivative, itmustconform to the
law of its being; and neither by direction or in-
direction could it transcend the powers of its
Federal creator. Latterly, however, territory is
only common property, if then, until it is organ-
ized into a territorial government; when, by
some legerdemain or hocus-pocus, it becomes a
quasi or absolute sovereign, and is invested with
the indefeasible right of self-government. If, on
any subject, the will of the Territory is not su-
preme, slavery is not the exception; for the great
expounder of this new dogma asserts that a
" Territorial Legislature can lawfully exclude sla-
very, either by non-action or unfriendly legisla-
tion." This power is variously derived, from the
alleged inherent power of self-go vernment, exist-
ing in every distinct political community, and
from the Kansas-Nebraska bill, as indorsed by
the Cincinnati platform. To the first derivation,
I have no answer to make beyond the statement
that it is in entire consistency with the first great
experiment of squatter sovereignty—the creation
of the State of California, whose admission into
the Union, under the circumstances, was the most
unparalleled outrage ever perpetrated on a people
pretending to be free. To the .second source of
power, I reply that, if found there, the South was
most miserably duped in that famous measure for
silencing agitation. Whatever may have been
the purpose of theframer of that bill—and he says
in his contribution to Harper, that it was to re-
move any obstacle to the free exercise of popular
sovereignty—it was supported at the South be-
cause of its repeal of the Missouri restriction, and
because we thought we had secured a safeguard
against territorial unfriendly legislation, by the
provision rendering all such legislation subject to
the Constitution of the United States, and by the
further provision giving an appeal to the courts of
the United States, in all cases whore property in
slaves was involved. If we were mistaken, this
power to exclude slavery by unfriendly legislation
—tins squatter sovereignty covered up under am-
biguous language in the Kansas bill, after the re-
peal of the Missourri restriction—is but a refined
imitation of the barbarity of the petty Celtic ty-
rant, who fed his prisoners on salted food till they
called eagerly for drink, and then let down an
empty cup into the dungeon, and left them to die
of thirst.
A territorial government is the creature of Con-
gress; is provisional and temporary; and itisidle
te pretend that it can usurp authority not con-
ferred in the act of organization, and exercise
power beyond the constitutional competency of
its creator. Any argument drawn from the sup-
posed analogy between such governments and
the American colonies is imperfect and illusory,
as most analogical reasoning is. According to the
British theory, Parliament is omnipotent; and no
American statesman has ever claimed over the
Territories what has been claimed over the colo-
nies—the power to bind in all cases whatsoever.
The dependencies are essentially different, and are
held by a different tenure. The British Govern-
ment regards the colonial condition as permanent
and unchangeable. Canada was a colony onehun-
dred years ago. She is a colony now. Territorial
governments are temporary and permissive public
corporations; and the Federal Government leaves
them to manage their local affairs, in the full con-
trol of their domestic policy, save as restrained
by the limitations of the Constitution and the pur-
pose of equal enjoyment, for which Congress, as
the trustceof the common and jointproperty, holds
and exercises its trusteeship. The colonies relied
upon the charters received from the Crown as the
guarantees of their freedom from oppressive inter-
ference by the mother country; and also upon rev-
olution—the power to make good their claim to lib-
erty by the bloody arbitrament of the sword. Our
organized Territories are mere subordinate com-
munities outside the limits of the States; held m
pupilage and training, until preparedto take rank
and position with sister confederate sovereignties.
If an organized Territory possess inherent rights of
self-government, and can, during its pupilage, fix
and determine absolutely its social institutions,
decide what shall and what shall not be property,
and by unfriendly legislation exclude slavery, itis
superior, in some respects, to a State organization;
and it is gross tyranny not to pass the bill intro-
duced by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Mor-
ris,] providing for the election of all officers by
the inhabitants of a Territory. We should forth-
with abdicate our ill-held power, and carry out to
its logical consequences this doctrine of squatter
sovereignty. Our laws appointing Governors and
judges, our defrayment of the expenses of the
government, and our claim of authority to repeal
the organic act, and transfer the inhabitants to
a different jurisdiction, are unauthorized and in-
defensible assumptions of control and superior-
ity.
If a Territorial Legislature be sovereign; if it
can exercise legislative Supremacy while it does
not violate the Federal Constitution even, if its
authority to that extent be unlimited, then, to use
a solecism, it is more sovereign than a State gov-
ernment, and the difficulty presented in the case
of Utah is remediless; for obviously it is contrary
to this neoteric theory of popular sovereignty to
repeal the act organizing the Territory, so long
as nothing is done in conflict with the Constitu-
tion of the United States. In addition to the Fed-
eral Constitution, States are restrained by fun-
damental laws of their own imposing. Judicial,
executive, and legislative powers are accurately
mapped out, and their limits strictly defined; but
under this modern political discovery, a majority
in a Territory is absolute, save, as hindered by
the prohibitions of the Federal compact, the Gov-
ernment may bet^wpe despotic or anarchical, and
outrages may be Committed revolting to public
decency, shocking to the moral sense, and sub-
versive of personal and proprietary rights. A
political theory involving such consequences is
an instructive lesson against departing from estab-
lished constitutional landmarks!
Every southern State has repudiated this doc-
trine of squatter sovereignty, and pronouncpd it
a wrong, destructive of their rights and equality.
Last summer it was announced and heralded by
telegraph, that a distinguished candidate for the
Presidency would not accept from the Charles-
ton convention a nomination if tendered to him,
if that convention should declare that slavery ex-
isted, by virtue of the Constitution, in the Terri-
tories beyond the power of the inhabitants to
exclude it. Wliethei conditions so defiantly pro-
scribed will be accepted, remains to be seen. Cer-
tainly the nomination of such a man would be
an indorsement of his doctrines, and a construc-
tion of the platform, according to his views, to
be carried into the practical administration^of the
Government; would be dishonoring to the South;
demoralizing to the party succumbing to a men-
ace, and a practical negation of the right of
southern citizens to emigrate to tlie common ter-
ritory with that form of labor to which they have
been accustomed. If the southern States have
been sincere in their declarations of hostility to
squatter sovereignty, or the claim set up of the
power of the Territorial Cegislature to exclude
slavery, they will insist upon a clear, distinct,
and unequivocal repudiation of the heresy. It
should be done in unambiguous terms, not sus-«
ceptible of a double construction. We want no
Villafranca treaties to be discussed in tedious Zu-
rich conferences; but a mamly and honest asser-
tion of principles. However others may act,
Alabama has spoken. For twelve years nearly
every political convention, of all parties, held in
the State, has condemned this doctrine of popular
sovereignty, as applied to Territories. Between
its'advocates and her, there is a groat gulf fixed,
which the mechanical genius and inventive,fac-
ulties of a presidential convention cannot bridge
over.
The true principle is, that if a master can go
into the Territories or upon territory, his slave
can accompany him; and neitherjCongress nor a
Territorial Legislature can divest him of the title
to his property. Just as soon as territory'is ac-
quired slave property is legal and constitutional,
and no power can invalidate until a sovereignty-
interposes. The Constitution, pmpij.0 vigors and
instanter, extends over the acquisition; and, in the
language of Chief Justice Taney, in the Dred
Scott case, "the right of property in a slave is
distinctly and expressly affirmed in the Constitu-
tion." The condition of a negro is not changed
by his entrance into a Territory. There is no
law, constitutional, international, or local, which
will make him a slave or a freeuian. If he was
a slave at the time of entering, he remains such;
if free, his status is not changed. Slavery or free-
dom adheres to him on the territory belonging to
the United States. There can be no law in a
Territory excluding slavery, as there is no power
having jurisdiction competent to emancipate or
alter the condition of the negro. If a negro was
a slave in a State, his servitude continues in a
Territory.
Slavery is not anywhere, as asserted in the
Harper Magazine article, "the creature of local
legislation, or the creature of local or municipal
law. That it must be established arid supported
solely by positive municipal law, is a gross error,
sustained chiefly by judicial dicta, which were
irrelevant to a decision on the particular facts of
the cases decided. No law, I believe, is found on
our statute-books authorizing the introduction of
slavery; and if positive precept is essential to the
valid existence of slavery, the tenure by which
our slaves are held is illegal and uncertain. A
citizen of a southern State, or aslaveholding coun-
try like Brazil or Cuba, can carry with impunity
his slave into any country where, "by the laws
thereof," slavery is not prohibited. The passage
of a master with his slave through the territory
of a non-slaveholding State, does not change the
condition of the slave, unless there is a legislative
enactment to that effect; and the law of nations
protects the master in transitu, enforces the law
of the domicil, if that protection does not contra-
vene public policy and the essential interests of
the community. It is a well-settled legal prin-
ciple that a person born into slavery in a foreign
State, would not be liberated by the accident of
introgression into another country, where there
was no law opposed to the existence of slavery.
The law of nations recognizes the relation; and
any interference with the rights of the master,
without valid cause, by the authorities of another
State, is a violation of that law. (See Judge
Campbell's opinion in the case of Dred Scott vs.
Sanford.) Unless there is a positive prohibitory
law in a foreign State, I can take my slave there,
and have him protected. Mr. Webster, in his
correspondence in the Creole case, contended that
property in slaves did not cease extra-territorially,
and our Government, in several instances, has
maintained the same doctrine.
It has been frequently stated in Congress that
slavery was not introduced into a single British
colony by authority of law, and that there is not
a statute in any slavehoiding State legalizing Af-
rican slavery, or " constituting the original basis
and foundation of title to slave property." Mr.
Benjamin, in a very masterly speech in the Sen-
