3046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
the necessary expenses of the Government. You
may'go back to the tariff of 1846: will not that
tariff bring us in a sufficient amount of revenue?
Who can doubt it? Then, unless the Committee
of Ways and Means are satisfied that there is to
be no change in our revenue system, I submit that
we are not acting upon a wise policy in following
the recommendations of the Committee of Ways
and Means. I prefer to follow the policy of the
Senate in this respect. Let us make the appro-
priations whichare necessary to contmueand com-
plete the public works; and then, if a majority
of either branch of Congress refuse to make the
necessary changes in our revenue system to meet
the appropriations, upon them let the responsibil-
ity rest.
I am, therefore, in favor of the appropriation
of $500,000 for the completion of the YVashmgton
aqueduct; but I do not understand the limitation
which is placed upon the application of the money
by the proviso which is incorporated into the
amendment of the Senate. I therefore move to
strike out the proviso; and unless some expla-
nation is made of it which is satisfactory to the
House, I hope the proviso will be stricken out.
Mr. SHERMAN. The policy of the Senate
to which the gentleman from Maryland has ref-
erence is in appropriating money and providing
no means for its payment.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. My principal
objection to this amendment of the .Senate is m
tills limitation upon the Secretary of War in the
expenditure of tile appropriation.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate have already
added $8,000,000 to the bills we have sent to
them; and yet iltey hnve refused to consider any
propositionfor raising revenue by a proper tariff,
either by rccnactmir the tariff of 18-10 or by adopt-
ing any other uuitl'. We sent ihem, six weeks
ago, a tariff lull, which has slept the sleep of death,
while they have been discussing aba tract questions
about, slavery and everything else. While they
have been wasting their time, they have refused
to consider any pioper means of laising revenue,
but have been adding millions upon millions to
J the appropriations.
Ill reference to the limitation which the Senate
have placcd upon this appropriation, the plain
English of it is, that the money shall be dis-
bursed by Captain Meigs,an honest, faithful offi-
cer, who has fonneily had charge of the work,
but who has recently been siipeiseded by the Sec-
retary of War. The Senate have chosen to cover
up their meaning ill the phiaseolngy used in lins
proviso. If there is to lie any apptopi Mtton
whatever made by Congress for lliis work, ot
course I should prefer that it should !>e expended
under the direction of Captain Meigs. But, until
there is money in the Treasury, or until I see
some othermode of raising money than by a loan,
I am not willing to vote for this appropriation.
This House had adopted a policy not to com-
mence new works; but now this committee has
just voted an appropt iafion to commence a new
'building, as ail additional extension or wing to
the Treasury building. The south wing has
already been completed, every stone in its place;
and it is as separate from the wing for which we
appropriate in this bill as two houses on Kittli
avenue. They have separate entrances, and are
in every respect separate structures. Can it be
that this side of the House will change its policy
of refusing to commence new buildings, because
somebody down in Maine has a contiaet for
stone ?
As a matter of course, if that policy is adopted,
we ought to vote $,<00,000 for tile Washington
aqueduct and gl ,000,000 to finish this building.
But I hope that we shall insist upon the policy
recommended by the Committee of Ways and
Means; stopping the progicss of these public
buildings; paying off all debts, and commencing
qnew, fair, and square at some future time; and
not appropriate a single dollar until a wise reve-
nue law is adopted.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland, by unanimous
consent, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move that the com-
mittee do now rise.
Mr. SHERMAN. Wo shall take a recess in
five minutes, under our resolution.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I do not want to take a
recess and hold a nightsession, unless it is neces-
sary. I would ask the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means if there is any necessity
for an evening session? If the time of adjourn-
ment is extended, I think there is no necessity
for it.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is an absolute neces-
sity for it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
at half past four o'clock he will feel compelled to
announce a recess.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I insist upon my motion
that the committee rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Does the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means say it is neces-
sary to bold an evening session ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly I say so.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. In continu-
ation of what I was saying, I will move to in-
crease this appropriation ยง1,000. The amend-
ment of the Senate is to appropriate $500,000 for
the completion of the Washington aqueduct.
Now, sir, I wish to say to the gentleman from
Ohio, the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, that 1 do not understand, even after
his explanation, if the House differwith the Sen-
ate in reference to the manner in which the reve-
nue should be increased, and at the same time we
are agreed that these improvements should be com-
pleted, why the committee of Ways and Means
should puisne the line of policy they recommend.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman whether he will vote for a proviso that the
money shall be borrowed?
Mi. STEW A RT, of Maryland. I am opposed
to this whole system of boi rowing. I am opposed
to a loan, it'it can be avoided. Jf you will bring
up the question of adopting some mode by which
the revenue call be raised, I will be ready to meet
tlt.xt question. But I shall vote for these improve-
ments, if we have to borrow the money for a rea-
sonable. time. If I had the entire control of the
matter, I would finish all these works, and 1 would
adopi some plan to raise the necessary revenue.
My idea is this: that whether a member of the
House or of the Senate, when a question comes
up, for instance for the completion of the Capitol
building, if it was necessary that it should be
completed, I would so vote. I would not under-
take to vote a small sum of money, merely for the
purpose of preserving the work so far as it has
progressed, and lea\e the streets blocked up with
marble and other materials, and propose to finish
1 he woilc hereafter. Jf there were some doubt,
undei such cm unistances, \v liethei we had a suf-
ficient ic n'liue, that would not at all affect my
vole. I would dispose of the question of the rev-
enue when that came up. On that question I un-
derstand there is a difference between the House
and the Senate, yet we are voting away thousands
of dollars out of the Treasury. When are we to
iret out of this difficulty? 1 would reenact the
tariff, if you please, of 1846, or some revenue
system not primarily for the benefit of ally par-
ticular interest of the country, though that may
be all incidental effect; and 1 would cairy on the
Govei liuient, but I would not carry it on m a time
of piofouud peace by borrowing money.
[Here the hammer fell.]
MESSAUE l-ROM THE SENATE.
The committee here informally rose, and le-
ceived a message from the Senate, by Mr. Patton,
one of their clerks, notifying the House that the
Semite insisted on its disagreement to the amend-
ment of the House to the amendment of the Sen-
ate to I he bill of the House (No. 44) confirming
certain land entries under the third section of the
act of the 3d of March, 1855, entitled "An act
making appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department dining the fiscal year ending
the 30th of June, 1806," agreed to the conference
asked by the House on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
Johnson of Arkansas, Mr. Bragg,and Mr. Har-
lan, the managers at the said conference on the
part of the Senate.
The committee then resumed its session.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise, not for debate, but
for the purpose of suggesting to both sides of the
House that we hold a night session for the pur-
pose of general debate. [Cries of"No!" "No!"]
Mr. VALLANDIGIi AM. I object to that,
until after we have disposed of some of our busi-
ness.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I am opposed to
the amendment of the gentleman from Maryland.
I wish simply to say, in reference to this amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maryland to strike
out the proviso, that I understand that the pro-
viso is intended to carry out a law of Congress
heretofore passed, which, by a misapprehension
of the Secretary of War, has been disregarded.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina-. 1 rise to a
question of order. There is no such amendment
pending.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman fromMarylandis to increase the appro-
priation $1,000.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. 1 thought it was a
different amendment. I was simply going to say
that, in consequcncc of a misapprehension of file
Secretary of War, the work was not transferred
to the Secretary of the Interior as directed by a
law of the last Congress. The aqueduct work
was turned over in part only, and put undercharge
of another officer, making two officers to conduct
the business of this aqueduct, and making addi-
tional cost to the Government by additional sal-
aries.
Mr. FLORENCE. What additional salary is
there?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I understand that
the Interior Department now asks the sum of
$4,000 for the superintendent, ill reference to a por-
tion of the water pipes alone connected with this
aqueduct.
Mr. FLORENCE. That was absolutely ne-
cessary, to keep the city from being inundated.
The" CHAIRMAN. The hour of half past four
having arrived, the committee will, under the order
of the House heretofore passed, take a recess until
seven o'clock this evening.
EVENING SESSION.
The committee reassembled at seven o'clock, p.
til., (Mr. Branch in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the bill (No. 501) making ap-
propriations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending 30th June, 1861, the
question being on Mr. Stewart's amendment to
increase the amendment of the Senate ยง1,000.
MESSAUE FROM THE SENATE.
The committee informally rose, and a message
was received from the Senate by M r. I'atton, one
of its chief clerks, notifying the House that the
Senate had pas.scil a bill making appiopriations
for the payment of the expenses of the Legisla-
tive Assembly of the Territory of Minnesota, with
an amendment, in which he was directed So ask
the concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Piesident. of the United States
had notified the Senate that lie had approved and
signed several bills and joint resolutions.
EXPENSES OF MINNESOTA TERRITORY.
Mr. WINDOM. The amendment sent from
the Senate to the bill for the payment of the ex-
penses of the Legislative Assembly of the Terri-
tory of Minnesota, consists of nothing but a mere
change of date; it is a clerical error, which has
been corrected. I move that the House concur
in the amendment.
The amendment of the Senate was concurred in.
MESSAGE FROM T1IE PRESIDENT.
A message was received fiom the President of
the United States, by the hands of Mr. Jamiis
Buchanan, his I'rivate Secietary, informing the
House that he had approved anil signed bills of
the following titles:
An act (FT. R. No. fifi4) making appropriations
for the servicc of the Post Office Department dur-
ing the fiscal year ending 30th June, lfc'Gl;
"An act (IT. R. No. 324) authoimng the sale of
the Western Military Asylum m Harrodsbuig,
Kentucky;
An act (H. R. No. 819) providing for additional
terms of tile United States cncuit and district
courts in the State of Kentucky;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 17) for the relief
of William H. De Groot; and
An act (I-T. R. No. 220) for the relief of Anson
'Da't' CIVIL APPROPRIATION MXL.
The committee resumed its session.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland, by unanimous
consent, withdrew his amendment.
