1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1159
tributions. Protection is the price paid by Gov-
ernment for the support of its citizens, and I can
conceive of no disgrace more heavy, no degrada-
tion more bitter, than the denial of this right of
protection, with a.simultaneous claim for main-
tenance against the slaveholder."
It may be said that these are judicial questions
and mere abstractions, which can besafely left to
the future, to be determined as exigencies may
arise. In a late memorable case, appeals have
been made from the Supreme Court to popular
prejudice and passion, and interpretations of the
decision form parts of political platforms. His-
tory is full of instances of judicial subserviency,
and political opinions very often control judicial
conduct. The famous Somersett case, the direful
spring of unnumbered woes, was decided under
circumstances that reflect no credit on the moral
courage of the eminent judge. The proposition
of Senator Seward, to put the Supreme Court
on the side of freedom, is fearfully admonitory
of the influence of popular excitement on the
judiciary. If I could lift my voice so as to be*
heard; if she would heed the admonition of a
loyal son, in tones of earnest entreaty, I would
beseech her not again to commit the fatal mistake
of yielding to party necessity what may be essen-
tial to future safety; not to concede a principle,
which, however apparently abstract or impracti-
cable, may, in the hands of hostility or fanaticism,
prove a potent engine of mischief or destruction.
[The hour expired at this point, but, by unan-
imous consent, Mr. Curry was allowed to pro-
ceed.]
As said Pitt, on the East India bill:
" It would be folly in the extreme, that the principle once
admitted would operate only on the present occasion. Good
principles might sleep.; but bad ones never. It is the curse
of society that, when a bad principle is once established,
bad men wilt always be found to give it its full effect."
Mr. Chairman, for what is the Democratic party
contending ? Is it for spoils and patronage, or for
principle? Is this immense array of means, this
combination of agencies, this drilling for the strife,
but to win a victory, barren and fruitless and
Pyrrhan ? Are we to struggle for a President,
merely to dispense executive patronage and feed
a greedy swarm of leeches ? This is of no avail,
is mischievous, unless accompanied by practical
results, by a triumph of principle. The election
of a President, however pure and patriotic, will
be as deceptive as Dead sea fruit, unless accom-
panied by a corresponding elevation of popular
sentiment. Sir, there is no strength in numbers,
111 a mere aggregation of men. A party must be
animated by a common faith; be vitalized by prin-
ciple; must embody imperishable truth; and its
principles must not be mere exceptional maxims,
politic and convenient forms, applicable only to
temporary exigencies, and to be laid aside as a
snake sloughs off its skin.
I have finished, Mr. Chairman, what I have to
say on these questions, endeavoring to compress
into one hour what, if properly elaborated, would
have required several; but I cannot close without
repelling an accusation which has been made on
this floor, and at Chicago and elsewhere, that the
President and the Democratic party, in favoring
the admission of Kansas, with the Lecompton
constitution, were endeavoring to fasten " a fraud''
upon the country, and " force a constitution upon
the people of Kansas against their will." One Sen-
ator, [Mr. Docglas,] who was most conspicuous
in his hostility to the Administration, and his war-
fare on the Democratic organization, while record-
ing his own services, and fighting the battle against
such an " arrogant demand," and against the
consummation of such a " fraud" as the admis-
sion of Kansas, congratulated his Republican
allies for the successful and valuable aid rendered
in that contest against the "Lecompton fraud."
The Kansas struggle has passed into history.
Violence and wrong were committed on both sides,
and there is much connected with the question
discreditable to the country. As one member of
the last Congress, I repel with scorn all imputa-
tion, whether it come from Republican or disor-
ganizing and recusant Democrat, of a purpose to
" consummate a fraud," or " force" an unwilling
State into the Union. It is demonstrable that the
Lecompton constitution was legally and validly
made and ordained as the organic law of the people
of Kansas, so far as they had power to institute
a government. The " sense" of the inhabitants
was taken upon the expediency of calling a con-
vention to frame a State constitution. They de-
cided in favor of the convention, and the Legis-
lature "passed a law authorizing the election of
delegates, and, at a subsequently legal and fair
election, the delegates were chosen. The country
will not forget that there is no allegation of the
slightest fraud, nor of a single illegal vote at any
of the elections I have specified, up to this time,
there is no pretense of fraud or illegality; and the
refusal of a majority, even, to vote on the ques-
tions, does not affect the previous legal px-oceed-
ings, and the right of a convention thus summoned
to frame and ordain a fundamental law. I only
interpose this brief explanation lest silence might
be construed into acquiescence, into an unfounded
censure.
The Alabama Legislature unanimously passed
resolutions authorizing the Governor to call a
convention of the State, in the event of the re-
fusal to admit Kansas under the Lecompton con-
stitution, supposing that these alleged irregulari-
ties were but flimsy pretenses to keep a slave State
out of the Union. The President and the Cabinet,
and the great bulk of the Democracy in Congress,
including every Democrat from the South, sus-
tained and favored the admission of Kansas under
that constitution. It is too heavy an exaction
upon party fidelity, too entire a surrender of per-
sonal manhood, to demand support at this time
for the highest office in the world for any man
who denounced what so large a majority of the
Democracy desired and sought to accomplish, as
" the consummation of a fraud."
Mr. VANCE. Mr. Chairman, it is a favorite
saying, and worthy of all acceptation with con-
servative men, that the further agitation of the
slavery question is to be deprecated as fruitful
only of evil. In this I have, ever since my first
venture in politics, fully concurred, and do now
concur. The abstaining from the discussion of
all dangerous and exciting topics, as far as it is
possible, is a cardinal maxim of that party to
which I have the honor to belong. But, so long
as this subject continues to be the great and over-
shadowing issue in American politics, upon the
disposition of which depends the ultimate destiny
of the Republic, it amounts to nothing more than
an abstract opinion in regard to an unattainable
good. It will be agitated and discussed so long
as one spark of available vitality can be struck
out of it to aid the ambition of politicians. It is
not my purpose, however, at this time to agitate;
but, if within my power, to calmly discuss the
subject of slavery in the United States. Such
discussion, if conducted alone with a view to the
elucidation of truth, will not serve to increase,
but to allay, agitation, and restore peace to the
popular mind.
I do not flatter myself that I shall be able to
give the committee anything new upon the ques-
tion; I may not even achieve the more ordinary
feat of putting old ideas into a new dress; but
even a reminder of old facts is useful. A fresh
assault needs a fresh repulse; a fresh attack of
the same disease needs another dose of the same
medicine; and the remedy being old and well
known, prevents not its application nor hinders its
efficiency.
With an assumption of superior morality, that
I must regard as to the last degree impudent, the
opponents of slavery every day assert here and
throughout the country that it is a sin against
God, and, mfcrentially at least, that slaveholders
are sinners above all men. Not that the original
slave trade, or the original introduction of a man-
acled slave into our Territories, until then free,
is sinful; but that slavery, as it now exists in the
South, is in violation of natural law, cruel and in-
human, and a sin against God. This is, I believe,
a fair statement of the positions of the Republican
party. It is my purpose briefly to examine this
proposition, together with its inevitable corollary,
that it is wrong to permit it to enter the Territo-
ries.
" I affirm," says the honorable gentleman from
Connecticut, [Mr. Ferry,] "thatproperty^inman
does not and cannot exist of natural right." Nat-
ural rights, in some respects, Mr. Chairman, re-
semble the Cincinnati platform—they are ex-
tremely plausible to talk about, and open to many
different constructions. Nothing is more unde-
fined; nothing more governed by ciicumstances or
prejudice. The doctrine is the incentive to much
that is good, the excuse for nearly all that is mis-
chievous . In all ages of the world menhav'e sought
to overturn well established principles, or to nul-
lify existing laws under its sanctions, from the.
patriot who strikes a blow for his co'untry to the]
thief who robs his neighbor's; dwelling," under the
plea that he lias a natural right to live by bread.
Now, sir, what are your natural rights? What
are the natural rights of all living creatures'? The
"wild horse stands upon the prairie, free and un-
tamed, where nature placed him; what right have
you to catch him, to put a bridle in his mouth, anil
make him serve you henceforth? So of all the,
beasts of the field. What natural righthave you
to subdue and destroy them at your pleasure'
Has not nature given them both life ana freedom
as their natural right? How, then, can your right
prevail over theirs, since both are the gift of na-
ture? Vegetation itself is endowed with life and
certain rights pertaining thereto; yet the lower an-,
imals ruthlessly destroy vegetation; and they, in
turn, are destroyed by man, natural rights and all.
How is this ? How can natural law destroy it-
self, and one page of the statutes thus repeal the
other ? If all this is by virtue of ftjitural law, will
gentlemen tell me where and what it is ?
To me there is only one natural law perceptible
in all this, and that is fliat immutable principle
which extends through all creation, from the*
smallest organism discernible' under the micro-
scope up to the great Author of all—the principle
of superiority, ft is this that enables one class to
Erey upon the other. Now what is easier than,
y the strictest rules of logic, to extend the prin-
ciple to the whole series, and to say legitimately
from the premises, that superiority gives the white
man a natural right to the person of his African
slave ? If gentlemen will agree to this, then our
controversy is at an end; or if they will show me
any other natural right whatever, by virtue of
which the superior orders of existence exercise
dominion over the inferior, then also will our con-
troversy cease. I would not be understood as
confounding right and power, but only as attempt-
ing to demonstrate the impracticable nature of
these high-sounding phrases and party catch-
words. But then you say that " God gave man
dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the
fowl cf the air, and over every living thing that
movetli upon the face of the earth." True, but
here you forsake natural, and resort to Divine
right; and in attempting to avoid Scylla, run point
blank upon the breakers of Charybdis, whilst the
*via media et tuta is untouched. I am not of those
who, regardless, perhaps, ofits unmistakable con-
demnation of their own practices, seek to pledg®
doubtful passages of the Bible to the certain dam-
nation of their neighbors. If we are to regard the
Bible as an exposition of either physical or political
science, we will be apt to bring both into false posi-
tions, and many a favorite dogma of modern poli-
ticians would fall to the ground for want of this
token of Divine approbation. The coal and iron
interests of Pennsylvania would certainly be in a
bad way, for I find nothing in that book which
requires me to tax my constituents enormously
for the benefit of Pennsylvanians, especially since
their Representatives so ingloriously backed down
from the support of my worthy colleague for
Speaker. And in particular would your pet home-
stead bill suffer, for the command is express,
"Thou slialt not steal." No, sir, every school-boy
has learned, from tho numberless stories of monk-
ish ignorance and superstition, hoy dangerousboth
to religion and to physical truth it is to assign any
other character to the Bible than that of a Divine
guide to Heaven. The late Hugh Miller, whose
melaecholy death scarcely stauled the reading
world so much as the boldness and originality of
his speculations in geology, has in fact adduced in
his last work one of the very strongest arguments
I remember to have seen in support of the truth
of Christianity, from the circumstance, that the
Bible alone, of all the known expositions of reli-
gion in the world, did not pledge its disciples to
any theory whatever of cither political or phys- .
ical science. But, nevertheless, when the scrip-
tural test is proffered the southern slaveholder, he
accepts it with the most unbounded confidence.
Every one at all familiar with its pages knows,
that for one single recognition in theBiole of man s
dominion over the inferior animals, the dominion
of man over man, in the relation of master and
servant, will be recognized, twenty times at the
