1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2103
ing there shall be an election for the following officers: one
supervisor, one township clerk, one treasurer, one school
inspector, two directors of the poor, two assessors, (if the
qualified electors present at the opening of the meeting
shall so determine by vote,) one commissioner ot highways,
so many justices of tho peace as there are by law to be
elected in the township, and so many constables as shall
be ordered by the meeting, not exceeding four in num-
ber,1' &c.
It will be observed that these meetings are to
be held annually, on the first Monday of April.
The law goes on:
« The annual and special township meetings shall sever-
ally be held at the place in the township where the last
annual township meeting was held, or at such other place
therein as shall have been ordered at a previous meeting;
and when there has been no such previous meeting, at such
place as shall he directed m the act or proceedings by which
the township was organized, unless it shall in either case
become inconvenient to do so,'-* &c.
And yet, being, by the statute of Michigan,
confined to that particular purpose; being held
down to the management of town affairs, the elec-
tion of their township officers; being a body cor-
porate, authorized to sue and be sued, to raise
money for the support of the poor, we are gravely
told, and by legal gentlemen at that, that this
statute applies to general elections held through-
out the entire State of Michigan. I venture the
assertion that such a construction and such an as-
sumption were never before presented by a legal
mind.
I might, Mr. Speaker, stop here, and there would
be an end to all that objection; but I go further,
and now propose to show, beyond the shadow of
a doubt, that there are general election laws in
the State of Michigan which apply to this case;
and that those laws were, in their letter and spirit,
carried out in in the change of placc of voting
from Kline's to Wilson's. If I do that, there is
tho end of this objection. At page 102, in this
same volume, I find the following statute, ap-
proved June 27, 1851, to take effect September
27, 1851:
'•Sec. 1. The peopleofthe State of Michigan enact that
a general election shall be hel.d in the several townships
and wards of this State, on tile Tuesday succeeding the
fii-st Monday of November, in the year 1852, and on the
Tuesday succeeding the first Monday of November, every
second "year thereafter,'1 &c.
Now, remember that the special town meetings
are held under the law annually on the 1st day of
April; but the general elections—the time of
holding which the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] seems to think the township clerk
assumes to fix as well as tho place—the general
elections for Governor, members of Congress, and
State officers, are held every two years, and the
time is expressly fixed by the statute. That is
the case in all the States.
Now, sir, this law provides further, that it shall
be the duty of the Secretary of State to give notice
to the sheriffs of the several townships of the offi-
cers to be elected biennially at these general State
elections; and the sheriffs receiving such notices
must serve a copy of them upon the township
clerks of the several townships, and upon the in-
spectors of election in the several wards; and that
the township clerks, or inspectors of elections, as
the case may be, shall issue their respective no-
tices at least ten days before the time fixed, of the
place, and call upon the electors to vote. But, in
order that 1 may not'misquotc the statute, I will
read the sections towhichreferenceismade. They
are as follows:
" Sec. 35. The secretary of State shall, between the 1st
day of July aud the l>t day of September pieceding a gen-
eral election, direct and cause to be delivered to tho s-her-
iff of each county in this State, a notice,m wntunr, that at
the next general election there will be chosen as many of
the following officers as are to be elected at such general
election, namely: a Governor, Sec., and a Representative in
Congress for the district to which each of such counties
bhall belong*" * A #.*>*-*
"Sfv.39. The sheriff, on receiving such notice, shall
forthwith cause a notice in wiiting to be delivered to the
township clerk in each township, and to one of the in-
spectors of election iri each ward m any city of his county,
which notice shall contain, in substance, the notices s>o
jeceived by such sheriff."
Now let us go one stef> further. We have got
down to the sheriff and his duties. He having to
discharge his duty, the clerk also has certain du-
ties to discharge; and, to show that the township
clerk discharged his duty according to the law,
its letter and its spirit,and that he appointed this
election to be held at Wilson's, where it was le-
gally held, and that the law regulating township
meetings on the first Monday of April has no
application to the general election, section forty-,
one provides:
" The township clerk, or inspector of elections, receiving
either of the notices so described in tins act to be delivered
lo him, shall, by notice in writing, under his hand, give at
least ten days' notice to the electors of the township, or
ward, of tho time and place at which such election is to
be held, and the officers to be chosen, &C."
•The gentleman from Massachusetts objected
that the township clerk had no right to fix the
place. I say, if the township clerk had no right
to fix the place, then the statute law of Michigan
is silent upon the subject; and as there is no other
law prohibiting the fixing the place, he is bound,
under this statute, to fix the place. The statute
provides that, upon receiving the notices from the
sheriff, he shall, under his hand, give notice to
the electors of the time and place. What time?
The time prescribed by the statute of the State—
the Tuesday after the first Monday of November,
every second year. Wbatplace? The place desig-
nated by the clerk of the township. That was
done. That was the only place where it could be
held.
It is, contended that theplace of holding election
was changed, without authority of law, from
Kline's to Wilson's. I say that these municipal
regulations have no reference whatever to the
general election, and that it was not only the right
of the town clerk, but his duty, to fix the time and
to fix the place.
Let us look at this matter for a moment, as
viewed in the light of the evidence as presented to
you by the record. 1 will show you what the con-
testant's own witnesses swear in reference to this
election, and thus to make assurance doubly sure.
I intend to take off the vail which envelops this
case, and exhibit it in all its deformity, that the
country may see upon what paltry pretexts fifteen
hundred legal voters of the State of Michigan are
to be disfranchised, in order that one man may be
put out and another man put in. Mr. Moran's
testimony will be found at page 25. He is a wit-
ness in the case, and here is his evidence:
" Question. Was the election held at tho place where it
was advertised to be held, by public notice ?
" Answer. I did not see tile notice, but I understood it
was noiiced to be held at Wilson's. Such was the curient
report."
The election was held, be it remembered, only
two miles distant, and it was the current report,
according to this witness, that it would be held
there.
" Question. Have you been informed by the supervisor
of the town that the town board had designated Wilson's
place to hold the election at ?
" Jtnsfer. I have There was a great deal of etcitemcnt
in the town, and I tliinlc one of the town board told me
that they had consulted Levi Bishop, Esq., Air. Howard's
law paitner, :> relation to it."
It seems, then, the town clerk, in accordance
with his duty, and as the law prescribes, desig-
nated or fixed the place of tho election, and no-
tice was given to everybody. He continues:
" Then: was a great deal of excitement in the town, and
I think one of the town boaid told me that they had con-
snltcdLew Bishop, Esq., Ml. Howard's law partner, in re-
lation to it
" Question. Did the persons who told you that they had
gone to Kline's come to Ilowaut's ?
Jlnsucr. They did.
" Question. Do you know of any person who was pre-
vented from voting that day in consequence of not know-
ing where the polls were held?
"Jinswer. I do not. I never heard of such."
Here is the evidence. If this party had come
up and shown by testimony that, owing to a
change of place, men had been defrauded of their
votes, and were absent from the polls because
they were unable to find the secret poll, it would
have presented a different case. But this witness
testifies that no man, so far as he knew, was de-
prived of the privilege of voting because of the
change in the place of voting. It was the current
report that the place had been changed; and m the
propriety of that change Mr. Howard's law part-
ner was consulted. Well, I take it for granted
that Mr. Howard knew it. His law partner, who
lives within a few miles of this place, was con-
sulted. The election was held. There was no pro-
test made by the contestant's friends. They were
there, challenging votes and protecting hisinterest.
Noprotestnvasmade then,and nowtheyfall back
upon special statutes, applying to mere township
meetings, and seek by them to override the gen-
eral election laws of the State. Such a pretext
cannot avail with impartial men.
Mr. Speaker, I have devoted more time to these
points than I intended. There is one other poll
sought to be excluded—the one at Van Buren;
and there the same fact presents itself, that Cooper
happened to get a few more votes than Howard.
They say, however, that as that cannot- change
the result, they do not insist upon it, and that it
is not a matter of much consequence. Well, I do
not think that it is a matter of much consequence.
The only point is the allegation that but two in-
spectors were sworn and acted, when the law
required three. A sufficient answer, however, is,
that the same law expressly provides that two
may constitute a quorum, what does a quorum
mean ? Does it not mean a sufficient number to
discharge certain duties prescribed by law ? What
is understood by a quorum of this House ? Do
you understand it to mean a full House? Surely
not. A majority of the members constitutes a
quorum. Two of the three inspectors were pres-
ent, were sworn, and acted. Iinsist that the third
inspector was sworn. Why? Because there is
not a particle of testimony—and I call upon the,
contestant to show it if there is—that the third
man was not sworn. You are called upon to pre-
sume that he was not, and that he was acting in
violation of law, when the evidence shows no such
thing. I dismiss that point, then, with there-
mark of the majority of the committee, that it is
a matter of no consequence, as it cannot affect the
result of the case in any event.
This brings me to the last point in this contro-
versy, and the important one, to which I invite
the attention ofthe House: the charge that Cooper
received one hundred and six or one hundred and
eight illegal votes. This is the most important
point in this case, and has received from myself
and from the committee, as it will doubtless re-
ceive from this House, a close and careful exam-
ination. Now, what is the evidence, and what is
the law? We are told that there ought to be de-
ducted from the vote of the sitting member sixty
votes cast in the second ward of the city of De-
troit—fourteen in the fifth ward, two in Grosse
Pointe, two in the eighth ward, one in the seventh
ward, four in the town of Van Buren, and twenty-
five others in Detroit, making in all one hundred
and eight votes. Now, if you are to deduct one
hundred and eight votes from Cooper's majority
of seventy-five, of course that gives Mr. Howard
the seat. It is m^ purpose to show you that this
cannot be done without, doing violence to the law,
to the testimony, and to your consciences. The
majority claim that fifty-eight or sixty votes were
attacked successfully m the second ward of the
city of Detroit. By reference to the evidence, I
find that nine of those votes were unquestionably
legal, and eleven doubtful; and that the remaining
forty are the voters known as theHowrigan men.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
told "us yesterday that these men were brought
there by Howrigan; that they boarded at his
house, had free meat and free liquor, voted the
Democratic ticket, and afterwards went off to
parts unknown; in other words, that they were
not residents of the city of Detroit, or of the State
of Michigan. I lake issue right there, and say
there is not a particle of evidence showing that
these men were non-residents and not entitled to
vote. On the other hand, there is indisputable
evidence, by the contestant's own witnesses, that
thirty of them voted legally.
Mr. Howrigan says:
" Question. Do you know, of your own knowledge, that
the men who boaided at youi house were legal voters else-
where in tho city before they eame to tile second ward r
" Answer. Several of them I know were.
"Question. Who?
" Answer. Tho two Gallaghers, Haley, O'Callaghan, Mc-
Carthy Davis Hale, Collins, Martins, Burns, Tibbetta,
Couglin, McOann, O'Keefe, Van Meter, Edwards, and Han-
cock."
There you have sixteen men who were known
by the contestant's own witness to be legal vot-
ers. Howrigan swears that of the forty men in
his house, five did not vote. Add the five to the
twenty-five, and deduct that number from sixty,
leaving but thirty votes to bo attacked. Thirty
ofthe sixty arc legal beyond all controversy.
Now, we are told, that at these annual town-
ship meetings, by tho laws of Michigan, a voter
is required to be a resident of the ward or town-
ship. That is all true. Every man who rep-
resents a city understands how, in municipal
elections, no one is entitled to vote except in the
ward where he resides. The effort here is to
