3048
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
if I am. not correct I would like some member of
the Committee for the District of Columbia to set
me right—is, that the officers of the Government
went on to condemn the right to take water out
of the Potomac under an old law of the Slate of
Maryland, which law the courts of Maryland
have decided has no validity; so that the Gov-
ernment has acquired no right to take the water,
and that the parties who have bought up the
right in the land will not dispose of it except at
an enormous price.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WHITELEY, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move now that
the committee rise, for the purpose of stopping
debate upon the Senate amendment.
Mr. WHITELEY. I hope the gentleman will
not do that until a vote has been taken upon this
proviso by itself.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. A vote can betaken
as well after the debate has been closed as now.
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope, before the com-
mittee rises, I shall be allowed to refer the gen-
tleman from Delaware to the act under which this
right has been condemned.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I insist upon my
motion.
Mr. FLORENCE called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Branch reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to ouler, had the Union
fcneralljr under consideration, and particularly
louse bill No. 501, it being the civil appropri-
ation bill, with the amendments of the Senate
thereto, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, moved that all debate
upon the pending amendment in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, be term-
inated as soon the committee shall resume the
consideration of said amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
NEW YORK vxmmc STORE CONTRACTS.
Mr. BARR. The select committee having in
charge the contracts for work at public store
No. 12, Broad street, New York, are now ready
to report. I ask that the gentleman from New
York, who has charge of the majority report,
may be permitted to report; and also, that I may
be permitted to present a minority report. That
committee have leave to repoi t at any time, and J
presume, therefore, the leport is a privileged
question.
Mr. SICKLES. I hope the gentleman having
charge of that report will move to fix an early
day for its consideration.
Mr. BARR. I propose to have a day fixed for
its consideration next week, if the I-fouse does
not adjourn.
Mr. SICKLES. I hope the gentleman will
have some hour assigned before the day fixed for
adjournment.
Mr. LONGNECKER. I think it had better go
over to the next session.
Mr. BARR. I move that the majority and
minority reports be received and printed, and
recommitted to the committee. '
Mr. IRVINE. Having been charged by a
majority to present the report, of that commit-
tee, I now submit the report, and move that it be
postponed until the second Tuesday of the next
session.
Mr. SICKLES. I move to amend that motion
by inserting Monday next at twelve o'clock.
Several Members. That is the hour Congress
is to adjourn.
Mr. SICKLES. I will modify my motion so
as to fix ten o'clock on Monday.
Mr. IRVINE, i cail the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The amendment offered by Mr. Sickles was
disagreed to.
The majority and minority reports were then
postponed until the second Tuesday of next ses-
sion, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BARR. I move that five thousand extra
copies of the report be printed.
The SPEAKER. The motion will,under the
rules, be referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. CiUARLES. X move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I believe I have the
floor, as I was recognized by the Chair. I move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. QJJARLES. I now move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I now insist upon
my motion.
The motion was agreed to.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Houso accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Branch in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 501) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th Juno,
1861, the pending question being on the amend-
ment of Mr. Barr to the ninth amendment of the
Senate, which was as follows:
For the completion of the Washington aqueduct, accord-
ing to the plan and estimates of Captain Mcjgf, $500,000:
Provided* That the office of engineer of the Potomac water
works is'hereby abolished, and its duties shall be hereafter
discharged by the chief engineer of the Washington aque-
duct, who shall be, a* heretofoic, an ollicer of the corps of
engineers not below the rank of captain, and having experi-
ence in the design and construction of badges and aque-
ducts.
Mr. WHITELEY. I move to strike out the
proviso.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurring upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Barr, the question was put, and
the amendment was not agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate was concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
For the eiectiun of a new jail in the city of Washing-
ton, -^oO,000, to be expended under the dnection of the
Seorotaiy of the Interior, who is hereby authorized to enter
into contract foi the building of said jail on the plan pro-
po-ed by Oh;ulos F. Anderson, architect, which was sub-
mitted to the Committee on the District of Columbia, and
which Khali be filed with said Secretary. The said jail to
ho circled on Government le.^etyation No. 13, jn the city
of Wa-lungton, and on the elevation south of the city
almshouse.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I move to amend
the amendment by striking out $100,00U of the
appropriation.
I am opposed to this amendment for several
leusons, one of which is very clearly set out in
a portion of the report of the Secretary of the
Interior for 1856, which I desire the Clerk to
read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" The act of the 18th August last lequired the Secretary of
the Interior to select a suitable site for anew jail at or near
the pemtcntiaiy m the city of Washington, and to cause
diawnigs and specifications to be prepared therefor, to be
submitted, with an estimate of its cost, to Congress at the
next session. Early measures were taken to enable me to
comply with the i equuMtions of this act. The aichitectm
charge of the Patent Ollice building was instiueted to ex-
amine careluUy the mo-t appioved designs lor buildings of
the kind, to prepare the requisite drawings, specifications,
and estimates; for the one proposed to be built. lie ha^ at-
tended to that duty, and furnished the plans heiewith sub
nutted, which are to airanged as to admit of an indefinite
enl-ugement, without interlining with its synmictiy. The
estimated cost i-s $150,000."
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I do not know
whether a new jail is absolutely necessary or not
in the city of Washington; bin I have this to say,
that if one is needed, and we are to appropriate
money for its erection, I see no reason why wc
should apply §250,000 for a building which the
Secretary of the Interior assures us, in that re-
port, can be erected in a proper manner, and with
suitable accommodation for $100,000 less. And
that view is strengthened in my mind by the
fact that the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds had this matter under consideration at
the last Congress, and reported unanimously in
favor of the plan suggested by the Secretary of
the Interior. I understand that committee have
had the matter under consideration this session
also, and that they have unanimously comc to the
same conclusion. It seems to me that here is an
opportunity to economize §100,000, if the com-
mittee deem it necessary to make any appropri-
ation at all.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. What right has Con-
gress to build a jail for this District at all ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. That is a ques-
tion which I did not embrace in the course of my
statement; but the courts are United States courts,
and I suppose the jail is a sort of necessary appur-
tenant to the courts. I take it we ought to build
the jail. *
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I oppose the
amendment. It seems to me that, if we are to build
a jail at all, the only reason why we should do it
is, that Hyatt complains that the one he is now
in is a nasty one. [Laughter.] And furthermore,
if we are to build one at all, it will take at least
$250,000 to build a jail to accommodate all the
people of the District who ought to be in it.
[Laughter.] I must, therefore, oppose the reduc-
tion of the amount. To be sure I shall vote
against the whole appropriation. This town is
a pauper upon the nation. We make their sew-
ers, and everything else, and we feed them, in
order that, at the opening of a session, they may
come here and hiss, if freedom is mentioned, and
applaud, if slavery is mentioned. Before I will vote
anything not absolutely necessary for this town
they must reform their manners. I shall vote
against this whole appropriation. I should hate
to starve them; but if they get so lean that, at
the opening of the session, they cannot howl or
hiss, so much the better.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. In order that we may have
a vote upon this amendment, I move that this '
committee rise, for the purpose of terminating
debate in the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Branch reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union gen-
erally under consideration, and especially the bill
of the House (No. 501) making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Goveenment for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1861, and had
come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move that all de-
bate upon the tenth amendment of the Senate and
the pending amendments thereto be closed in five
minutes after the committee shall again resume
its consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Branch in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the Senate amendments to the bill
of the House No. 501, making appropriations
for certain civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1861, the pend-
ing question being on concurring in the tenth
Senate amendment.
Mr. PEYTON. I move to amend by striking
out all of the Senate amendment after the word
'' for," and insert the following:
For a new jail to be erected for the District of Columbia,
under the d irection of the Secretary of the Interior, on some
suitable site, now the property of the Unitud States, to be
^elected by him within and near the borders of the city of
Washington, according to the plan submitted by him to
Congress on the 29th ot November, lbo(j, at a cost not ex-
ceeding .$150,000, which sum is appropriated therefor out
of any money in the Trea&uiy not otherwise appropiiated :
Provided, That when so much of the new jail shall be iin-
lMhod as will accommodate the prisoners, they shall be
tran-.ferred thereto, and the materials of the old jail he used,
as far as practicable, in completing and inclosing tbe new
building.
Mr. PEYTON. After hearing the remarks of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I must confess
that I have but little hope of success in getting an
appiopiiation for this new jail. This is a design
submitted by the Secretary of the Interior, euid
recommended by the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds,; and I was directed by that
committee to offer this amendment.
Mr. REAGAN. I would ask the gentleman
from Kentucky where he finds the obligation rest-
ing upon Congress to appropriate money for
building a jail in the District of Columbia?
Mr. PEYTON. 1 understand that the jail now
in Washington was erected by Congress. I un-
derstand, also, that the Capitol of the United
States was built by Congress, together with all
the other public buildings. I do not propose to go
