140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13;
Mr. McRAE. Well,when thegentleman shows
me that he represents the country, I will answer.
[Roars of laughter.]
Now, Mr. Clerk, what 1 proposed to do was to
jix the responsibility upon somebody for the non-
orgamzation of this House. 1 have given the
reasons why I think that responsibility rests upon
the minorities of this House,'who, while they luive
some representation here, have none m the States,
who have not the control of a single State m the
Union, and who, as a political or party organiza-
tion, are powerless in the Government, f have
said that I made no appeal to these southern Gen-
tlemen—that I only stated facts. 1 wanted to know
whether gentlemen from southern States, the rep-
resentatives of southernconstitueneies, could stand
here and see the anti-slavery sentiment of the Re-
publican pa:ty endeavoring to get control of the
House, and not come forward on this single occa-
sion and ally themselves with the Democracy, and
enable the South to present a united front against
this Republican organization. Well, sir, X regret
to say-that 1 have not found any of the genllemen
who lia%e got up from that side express a desire
to place the South in a position which, 1 think,
will give her groat strength, and show a united
voiceupon the part of her people against this anti-
slavery sentiment.'
Now, sir, so far as the anti-Lecompton Dem-
ocrats are concerned, if these southern Opposi-
tionists will cooperate with (lie Demociacy, the
responsibility would be upon them foi tin- non-
orgamzation of tins House. Two of them have
already decided, jud-.;.ng fioni what we have
heard from them, u> uni'e v/.in the Republicans.
Two of them iuv.e shown a leaning that way.
Of one of these {'Ah. Clauk, of New York,]
there is some hope; but for the last who spoke
[Mr. Adrajn] I think there. no hope. If the
gentleman from New Yo\k, [Mr. Clark,] who
seems tobe a fair man and si Demon.it, will come,
instead of going to the other side, and cooperate
with us, and wo havt those twenty-three South
Americans, then4 Mould then only be left three
votes for us to secure m eddition.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. 1 have been en-
deavoring lo ascertain, dunn^the discussion with
which we have been entertained this morning,
where thomembeis of die Demo< talie oigamza-
tion stand m iespe< t of questions which ) icgaul
as having material bearing upon ihesubjeetofthe
organization of the House; and by the comtesy
of the gentleman from Mississippi, i will address
him one or two questions. 1 de.siie to know
"whether, in case the Charleston convention nom-
inates Mr. l)oro{,,v<, upon a platfoim which de-
clares that it is inexpedient that Congress should,
by legislative enactment, protect slave properly
m the Territories, hi-will sustain his nomination.
Kurlher intcrrogatones 1 will withhold until ihat
one is answered.
A31. JUellAE. 1 will take the genUem.m'.s in-
terrogatories one at .( lime. Occupying the po-
sition which 1 have fanlv staled, and which tiie
whole House concedes to be light, 1 tell the gen-
tleman that, if he will come up, say that he is
a Democrat, and will cooperate with the Demo-
eiatic party, ho will then have the light to inter-
rogate me. (Great laughter.)
Mr. CLARK, of New Yoik. Mr. Clerk, T am
willing to answer specifically and pointedly any
question the answei to which, at this time, may
facilitate the oiganization of the House, provided
the inquir) do'-s not relate to a point at whieh
my mind has not yet nrri\ed. I say to the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Mississippi, with all
frankness, that I will never vote foi any person
for the office of Speaker of this House, who ss not
upon the platibim which 1 will very briefly de-
scribe. In the first place he must be a man who
is hostile, to any legislation by Congress ioi the
protection of slave propeity in the Ten non< s.
Ho must be inimical, thoroughly inimical, lo the
relaxation or abrogation of the laws prohibit-
ing the African sluve trade. He must be a man,
sir, who would not deem the election by the North,
by a sectional party at the North, of a sectional
President, as sufficient ground for an attempt to
dissolve the Union of these States. He must be
a man who, if placed in that chair, and the elec-
tion of President should devolve upon this House,
and William H. Seward should be elected Pres-
ident, under the forms of the Constitution, would
declarc that election, and use his influence here
i and elsewhere to enforce, if necessary, the aoqui-
; escence.of his people.
j I am not authorized to say, sir, that the candi-
i date of the Democratic organization of this House
! does not stand upon that platform. I have not as
j yet asked him any questions; but I have said
.! enough.to show that it may facilitate the organ -
!! ization of this House'if gentlemen upon the other
" side would distinctly inform gentlemen standing in
my position, of thegroumj which they occupy upon
the several questions to which I have referred.
1 am a friend of Judge Douglas; I do not par-
ticipate with him in all the views which he has
expressed upon the territorial questions. I am
not a believer in the doctrine of the inherent right
of the people of a Territory to do anything
than it is permitted them by Congress to (
have nevca doubted-
more
by Congress to do. I
1 do not now doubt—(and I
speak without reference to the subject of the Dred
Scott decision, which 1 will not now attempt to
examine)—1 do not now doubt the perfect control
and power of Congress over the Territories and
over the subject of slavery m the Territories. I
believe that Congress has the power to make a
Territory a slave Territory by permitting the in-
troduction of slaves. It may prohibit slavery in
the Territories. Nevertheless, J think it inexpe-
dient to exercise that power; and, sir, I will never
vote, in view of the conflict of opinion upon the
subject of slavery in the United States, to place
a man m that chair who is m favor of leg.sl.itiv
aetion by Congress, hu oienstent with the moral
sentiments mid the political opn ions of tlm "people
of the North.
Air. Cleric, when fnst eleeied ro Congress, 1
supposed ihat 1 stood upon the Cincinnati plat-
foim. i stand upon that platform to-day, as I
understand it. [ stand there to-day, as 1 undei-
stand the fair and literal moaning of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill. I have no doubt, sir, that it was
the intention of thai bill to permit the, people of
a Territory to exclude slavery if they saw lit. I
am not embarrassed, Al r. Clerk, as are other gen-
tlemen by the question touehing the power of
Congress, because, believing as I do in the sov-
ereignty of Congress over the Temtoues, i find
no difficulty in their delegating such power os
they see lit, and withholding such as they see fit
mil to delegate.
I hope that [ have now bom sufficiently explicit
to enable me to call upon tin. gentleman iiom
Mississippi for an answer to the several sugges-
tions 1 have made m respect to the action.of him-
self and colleagues from the South in reference to
the nominee of the Charleston convention.
Mr. McRAE. The three positions which tlv
'.cntieimm lias stated as those upon which he
eoeld not vole for the candidate for Speaker, are
not in (ho Cincinnati platform. Whither they
\\ ill be incorporated into file Ohaile.-aoa platfoim
or no!, is n question for the comention to decide.
'I'll" o.u in left renceto the v< opening of the Ani-
< an slav trade certainly will not be incorporated
into the Democratic platform No Democrat that
I know of in the South proposes or has propos; d
to make that party question.
Mr. CLARK., of New York, i am glad to
hear it.
Mr. McRAE. Some gentlemen entertain opin-
ions on this subject in tne South, and I for one
am not afraid to telf my individual opinion upon
it. JSo far as my individual opinion is concerned,
1 am m favor of reopening the African slave trade.
But, sir, 1 want it to be understand, that u hen 1
state (hat as my indi\idual opinion, it is not the
opinion or position of the Democratic party of
.Mississippi, or of any other southern State, that
1 know of: that I have no right to make any issue
for the Democratic party upon this question; and
when I stale that as my opinion, 1 want it dis-
tinctly understood that 1 am able, when the tune
shall come and it is proper to discuss it, to defend
j and maintain it: and I do not want my position
prejudged by any man in tli> South, or elsewhere,
simply upon the ground that I announce myself
m favor of the proposition. If gentlemen will
make a tabula rasa m the political field on this
question, in the State of Mississippi, or in miy
( State of the Union, leaving every man to be gov-
I erned by his own conscience or ins own convic-
tions, in reference to the South having the right
to be put upon an equality with the North in her
labor system and labor supply, I am ready for
the discussion, and do not fear the result.
Nowj as I have said, neither of the positions
the gentleman has taken are in the Democratic
platform; and as I have said that he is not en-
titled to ask such a question unless he shows him-
self a member of the Democratic party, I will ask
him a question. I ask him whether he will sup-
port the nominee of the Charleston convention
upon the platform adopted at Cincinnati ?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I did not suppose
that question would have been propounded to me;
but, sir, I am prepared to answer. I think but
little of platforms. They do not amount to much.
Mr. McRAE I do not want to hear an argu-
ment. Do I understand the gentleman to answer
that he would not?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I have not so
stated.
Air. McRAE. Then that is the question to
which I desire an answer.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. X will answer it
in this form: If the Charleston convention shall
readopt the Cincinnati platform, and place a man
upon it whose past political conduct, whose per-
sonal character, and who, in view of the influ-
ences under which he has been educated, and by
which lie is enciicled, gives assurance that ho will
abide by it faithfully and honorably, for one, I
shall support him.
Mr. AlcRAE. Air. Clerk, that is another illus-
tration of the fact that I cannot get a direct an-
swer. [Laughter.] Now, sir, let me say this to
my friend from New York: as I extended to the
gentleman, in answering the question I asked, the
courtesy of allowing him to make a speech of
one quarter of an horn 
Mi. CLARK, of New Yoik. I am deeply in-
debted !o the gentleman.
Mi. McRAE. Let me say that A do not con-
sider, in the first instance, that there is any per-
tinency in his question, so far as the election of
Speaker is concerned, whether h«- will support
Judge Douglas or any other man for the Piesi-
deney. Does lie assume the fact that Judge Doug-
la-;, or Mr. Ruehanan, or anj other man will be
the i,jommee of the Charleston convention? That
is a qui stion to be decided by the .great national
DemociaUe pariy in convemion. i asked him to
answi r whether he would support the nominee
; ofiluu convention, and he refused to answer,
j Nli'. CLARK, of New York. I did not mean
i lo he understood that I would not support Judge
j DounlAb.
! Mr. McRAE. You would support him in a
i certain eontingi ney.
I Mr. CLARK, of New York. Without a plat-
| form nior-" cheeifnlly than I would with one
i .Mi. McRAE. Will you suppoit the nominee
! upon the phdform as U now stands?
| Mi. CLARK, of New York. 1 will support
: Judge Dotklas if nominated by the Charleston
; convention upon the Cmcmimi platform.
S Mr. McRAR. Let, me say to the gentleman, in
all kindness, because I have hope that he will go
with us, though the indication is that he is going
to the other side, thai I have read or seen it stated
somewhere, with truth and beauty, that the
gloonvest knell which ever rings over the fall from
virtue is to hear of the, lost ester m of those we
lo\e. Let me say that if he tevkes his position
upon the other side with the Republican party",
when he finds himself there, in dreary isolation,
onions: those with whom ho has no common sym-
pathy, the gloomiest knell which will ever ring in
his ears wilrbe to heu) of the lost esteem of the
old D< moeraey.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. J. desire to say
thai 1 have not intended, by any single word 1
i have said, to refer in any manner to the organ i-
i /.ation of this House by the Republican party. 1
i have not said here, or elsewhere, that I can over
I stand upon their platform. All I seek Anther is
| to say, that the honorable gentleman, who is, of
! course, at liberty to interpret my remarks aceord-
I nig to their fair'import, will nevertheless not un-
derstand me as having made any statement in
respect to the organization of the House which
would justify his not unkind or discourteous
fere well.
Mr. McRAE. I believe I have disposed of
the two minority pai ties in this House, and shown
the position they occupy; and I think I have de-
monstrated, m the judgment of my own party,
and 1 am certnin'in the judgment of all impartial
and unprejudiced men, that the responsibility of
