1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2105
eration before; and I propose now to offer a sub-
stitute for the bill which was then before the House,
and to ask the previous question, and let the House
decide the whole matter without any further dis-
cussion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest to
the gentleman from Illinois that his motion would
not be in older pending the motion to commit to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I withdraw
the motion to commit.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a point of order. How
does the gentleman from Illinois supersede a mat-
ter of the highest privilege, which is now before
the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would inform the
gentleman from Massachusetts that that bill was
made a special order at this hour.
Mr. DAWES. I am aware of that fact; but
no special order can rise paramount to the right
of a member to a seat in this House.
Tiie SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that a
special order would override the other matter.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will state
to the gentleman from Massachusetts that we can
dispose of this bill to-day in time to take up and
dispose of his election case.
Mr. DAWES. With all respect, I desire to
say that I do not wish to be considered as yield-
ing consent to any such ruling of the Chair, for
it seems to me to be a wide departure from the
former rulings of this House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks his deci-
sion is in accordance with the former rulings of
the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I withdraw
the motion to c.ommit.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Geor-
gia [Mr. Crawford] made the motion; and the
Chair supposes it lies with him to withdraw it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I appeal to
the gentleman from Georgia to withdraw the
motion to commit to the Committee of the Whole
011 the state of the Union. It will be recollectcd
that when the bill was last before the House, it
was the understanding that it should come up and
be considered at this time, without any motion to
commit. I therefore ask the gentleman to with-
draw his motion, that I may offer my substitute
and have the matter brought before the House.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I have no objection to
withdraw my motion.
The SPEAKER. Then the motion of the gen-
tleman from Illinois will be received,
Mr. McKNIGHT. I should like to ask the
gentleman from Illinois whether it is his purpose,
to offer his substitute and then move the previous
question, thereby cutting off all amendments that
gentlemen may desire to offer? I wish to offer
amendments to this bill, and there are other mem-
bers who also desire to offer amendments.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I understand that the gen-
tleman fiom Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] who
has gone to the Chicago convention, has an im-
portant amendment which he desires to submit to
this bill, and which he would like to have the
House pass upon. I do riot know what his amend-
ment is, but I think it would be very well, per-
haps, to give him an opportunity of offering it.
Mr. DAWES. If this bill is going to cause any
delay, I respectfully ask the Chair to reconsider
its decision.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Chair
has decided the matter, and decided it rightfully.
Mr. DAWES. Then I feel compelled to ap-
peal, respectfully, from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. WASHBCJRNE, of Illinois. I move to lay
the appeal on the table.
Mr. DAWES. And on that I call for the yeas
and navs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts can get through his elec-
tion case after this bill is passed.
Mr. DAWES. I would not appeal from the
decision of the Chair, although I believe it is a
mistake, but that it is quite evident that this bill
is going to give rise to debate.
Mr. "WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do notsce
why the gentleman should think so.
Mr. DAWES. 1 should otherwise have yielded
to the decision, although it is the first time lever
heard of a special order overriding the right of a
man to a place in this House, and to vote on the
question. If I have learned anything about the
rules, it. is that there is no question of hig'herpriv-
ilege than the one now under consideration. But
I do not desire to raise any question with the Chair;
and if this bill were not going to give rise to de-
bate, and to consume time, 1 would desire very
much to get along with this matter.
Mr. WINSLOW. I should like to inquire of
the Chair at what time the special order was to
come up ?
The SPEAKER. To-day, after the morning
hour.
Mr. WINSLOW. Has the morning hour ex-
pired >
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir.
Mr. WINSLOW. I apprehend we have had
no morning hour yet.
The SPEAKER. The report of the Committee
of Elections has been discussed m the morning
hour.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois will consent to postpone this bill till mem-
bers shall have had an opportunity of offering
amendments and being heard upon them.
Mr. DAWES. It is utterly.impossible for the
gentleman from Illinois to have the previous ques-
tion seconded, on such an important bill as this,
without discussion.
Mr. PEYTON. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Illinois whether he designs to call the pre-
vious question on this bill, and to cut off amend-
ments ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do.
Mr. PEYTON. I have an important amend-
ment which I desire to offer to this bill. I dohope,,
Mr. Speaker, that we shall not be cut off from
offering such amendments as we have.
Mr. DAWES. I have felt compelled to take
an appeal from the decision of the Chair. I de-
sire to have that appeal put to the House, so that
the House may understand whether the question
of a man's right to a seat on this floor is or is not
a matter of privilege. I ask the yeas and nays on
the motion of the gentleman from Illinois to lay
the appeal on the table.
Mr. STANTOJ^. How did the gentleman
from Illinois get the floor to move to lay the up-
peal on the table 3 I understood the gentleman
from Massachusetts to have the floor.
Mr. DAWES. I do not know how the gentle-
man from Illinois got the floor. Everybody seems
to have a right to the floor the very moment I am
recognized, not only to make speeches, but to
make any motions they please. That I recognize
as the common law of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
the House, that there is a bill pending to provide-
for the safety of passengers m vessels propelled
in whole or in part by steam. When that was
before the House it was postponed, and made a
special order for this hour.
Mr. DAWES. Immediately after the morning
hour, it the Chair will allow me to correct it.
The SPEAKER. After the morning hour.
Mr. DAWES. There has been no morning
hour.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has passed,
and the Chair, therefore, decides that the special
order is to be taken up. The gentleman from
Massachusetts appeals from that decision. The
gentleman from Illinois moves to lay the appeal
on the table; and on that motion the yeas and nays
have been demanded.
$4i'- STANTON. The question I raise is this;
how has the gentleman from Illinois got the floor
to move to lay the appeal on the table? I submit ;
that the gentleman from Massachusetts had the
floor, and that no motion could be interposed to
take it from him.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
had the floor on this question all along.
Mr. STANTON. But I suppose the gentleman
from Massachusetts had the right to take the floor
on a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The appeal is not debatable.
Mr. DAWES. If it be apparent to the gentle-
man from Illinois that his bill can go through
without debate, I will withdiaw the appeal.
Mr. BARR. I do not think it can.
Mr. DAWES. On all sides of the House there
seems to be a desire to amend this bill, and it is
perfectly evident that a bill of such importance
cannot be put through under the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts will withdraw his ap-
peal, I will make a brief stateme'nt to the House;
and I trust the House will indulge me a moment.
Mr. DAWES. I will withdraw it, with the
understanding that I can renew it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will have that
privilege.
Mr. WA.SHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
say that this bill has been before the House since
the commencement of the session. It has been
printed for a long time, and every gentleman has
had an opportunity of reading the bill and the
report that was made in connection with it. It
has been discussed here for one entire day, and
was postponed to give gentlemen a further oppor-
tunity of examining the bill and report. I now
propose to introduce a substitute for the bill that
was before the House; and I will state to the
House very briefly in what the substitute differs
from the original bill. There are no very import-
ant alterations.
Mr. TAYLOR. Let me call the attention of
the House, and of the gentleman from Illinois, to
one point.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I know very
well what my friend from Louisiana wants, and
I will come to that. My friend from Louisiana
has another substitute. I propose he shall intro-
duce it as an amendment to my substitute,twhich
is an amendment to the bill, so that he can have
a vote on it. That, I presume, will be entirely
satisfactory to him.
Mr. HOUSTON. This bill, I understand, is
now a special order.
A Member. No, it is not.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man from Alabama is correct. This bill is a spe-
cial order for this hour
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, if it be a special order,
why not let it go to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, where debate will be
necessarily confined to the precise merits of the
bill, and then let gentlemen have votes on then-
amendments? You cannot do that in the House.
You may have one amendment, and an amend-
ment to that, but all other amendments arc cutoff.
, Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understand
very well that the reference of the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
would be the end of it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Not while it is a special
order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire the
House either to pass the bill now, or to lay it on
the table. It has been postponed from time to
time; and I believe the House is as well prepared
to act on the bill at this moment as it ever will be.
It is entirely within the control of a majority of
the House. If the majority of the House second
the demand for the previous question, the v.ote
will be first on the amendment proposed to be sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr.
Taylor,] and then on my amendment, which is
in the nature of a substitute to the original bill.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Will the gentleman from
Illinois allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. WA.SHBURNE, of Illinois. I will.
Mr. McKNIGHT. There was an amend-
ment proposed by my colleague, [Mr. Stevens,]
who is now absent. That strikes me as a very
important amendment in regard to the kind of
material to be usedm the manufacture of boilers.
I should like my colleague to be here to sustain
that amendment; and I know that there are a
number of gentlemen who desire to offer other
amendments, and to discuss and vote upon this
bill. I hope it will be postponed till the first week
in June.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I cannot
consent to a further postponement. If the gen-
tleman's colleague had an important amendment
to offer, he should have been here to offer it.
Mr. McKNIGHT. He has already offered it.
I have several important amendments to offer
myself.
Mr. TAYLOR. Allow me to ask the gentle-
man from Illinois a question, and then I will ask
the Chair the effect of his movement. This bill
came before the House. I had the honor of sub-
mitting the bill which I stated I should move as
a substitute for the bill presented by the gentle-
man from Illinois. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stevens] then presented a proposition
