142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
and the act that he committed. Gentlemen seem
incapable of drawing that line of discrimination.
They run both together, and they treat old John
Brown as a common malefactor. They have aright
to treat him So; buthewillnotgo down to posterity
in that light at all. I think I know why it is that
some considerable feeling and sympathy exist in
the North for old John Brown, and it cannot be
understood unless we go back for four years, and
see what was taking place in a distant Territory
of the United States, and what part John Brown
acted on that theater.
Sir, if the people of "Virginia are excited almost
to madness because a conspiracy has been formed
and traitors have made a raid upon their sover-
eignty, what do you suppose were the feelings of
northern men, whose relations and friends had
gone into a far distant Territory, and formed col-
onies there, weak and feeble, scattered through a
wilderness; when it was the deliberate purpose of
a great, powerful, and almost all-pervading party,
to drive them out, or to coerce them to subscribe
to opinions and institutions which they ffbhorred
from the bottom of their souls? Many were mur-
dered in cold blood, and others were driven out
and their property was destroyed. They appealed
to Congress; but they got insul t instead of sym-
pathy. When I state this, I state what I know.
My blood boiled then, in view of the oppression
and tyranny that sacrificed that Territory. I need
not go through nil the volume of testimony on that
subject. I speak by the book. One hundred
witnesses attest the truth of every word I say.
Their record is indelible. It will go down to pos-
terity, and it will show tiie damning fact that this j
Government did, at least, connive at the acts of
great bands of conspirators, who,arming them- ■
selves lawlessly with arms of the Federal Gov- i
emmcnt, invaded a peaceable Territory; took pos- j
session of the ballot-boxes; drove its people from
the polls; expelled them from their possessions;
exercised acts of tyranny over them; deprived
them of every right; and, in a great many in-
stances, murdered them ruthlessly in cold blood.
But, sir, that was a great way off; it was ill a
Territory of this Union. It was not every man
on this tloor who had friends there exposed to
those attacks, and hence they did not create the
same excitemeiiL that is created when the invasion
comes nearer home. But 1 declare here in my ;
place that, in my judgment, the only difference ;
between the two eases is this: that in the case of'
Kansas the invasion was made, with no other pur- i
pose than to fix slavery there at all hazards and j
by force of arms, while old John Brown and his j
men, with a like unlawful purpose, undertook to j
extirpate slavery from the State of Virginia. i
The free-State men of Kansas got no consola-1
tion from this Government. I remember well :
when their petitions came in here asking for re- j
diess, and 1 reinember that a Senator stood forlh ,
in his place and said: " We will subdue you;:
you are traitors; we will hang every man of you;
this Government has proved if self the strongest
Govemmentnnder heaven to protect the civil rights !
of men, and now I warU to see how strong it is to j
punish traitors.'' That was the language dealt out j
to the citizens of thatTerritory when they appealed j
to us for redress. Understand me, sir; 1 do not ]
go back to the history of Kansas for the purpose :
of justifying old John Brown and his crew in |
their invasion of Virginia, but in order to show 1
you wiiy it is that the men of the free States, ti} j
some considerable extent, do sympathize with
this old h(ro In the darkest hour of Kansas,
when the rights of the free-State men were im-
periled, when their men were murdered in cold
blood, several of whom were from the State of
Ohio, when everything looked dark and gloomy
there, and when your Government failed to inter-
pose its strong arm in their behalf, then it was
that old John Brown appeared upon the stage of
action. Arming himself as well as he might, he
commenced to do that justice to himself and his
^fellows that the Government had denied, and he
did it with a heroism and a determination that
then not only challenged the admiration of his
friends, but even the respect of*his enemies. He
went forward with a firmness and determination
that carried terror into the hearts of the border
ruffians, and he hurled them from the Territory
and reallv conquered a peace.
Now, sir, in order to understand northern senli-
Went, it is necessary fully to appreciate the feel-
ings of those men whose friends were stricken
down in that defenseless Territory. Old John
Brown was their champion. He carried himself
through those scenes nobly, to the acceptance of
all and the admiration of all; and there it was, as
has been often said here, that he learned the art.
of war. .Undoubtedly, sir, that raid was the par-
ent of this. It is true old John Brown lost two
of his sons there; they were murdered in cold
blood before his eyes, literally hewed to pieces;
and I believe that he was maddened by the scenes
through which he passed in Kansas, because I
do not believe that any sane man on earth would
have undertaken the enterprise that he undertook
at Harper's Ferry.
Well, sir, he marched upon Harper's Ferry;
he conspired against a great sovereign State, to
overthrow its institutions; and I say to the Sen-
ate—though I shall get no more credit for it than
my fellow Senators who have preceded me have—
that I do not sympathize with or approve the act.
Old John Brown resided, for a long time, not a
great way from that portion of the country from
which I come. He was always reputed among
the most honest and upright men in that commu-
nity. There was nothing against his character.
He was known to be a brave, generous, disinter-
ested man, the admiration of all that knew him,
even before ho passed through those scenes in
Kansas. He proceeded upon this lawless mis-
sion, and I suppose the idea entered his head
while he was in Kansas; indeed, I saw it stated
in the papers that there it was that he found his
associates; there it was that he conceived the
idea of invading the southern States ijgid eman-
cipating their slaves. From there, he went to
Canada, and in Canada he made that famous con-
stitution or form of government which, in his
crazy mind, ho conceived was to supersede all
others. But, Mr. President, [Mr. MAsowin the
chair,] yon must bear me witness that he bore
himself, among the disastrous scenes of this un-
warrantable enterprise, with that same calmness,
with that same-sublime heroism and indifference
to fate that had characterized the man on all other
occasions. I have heard even those whose ter-
ritory he invaded, speak of him as a man who
challenged their admiration for his personal qual-
ities, though they had, of course, no sympathy with
the act that he had perpetrated. The Governor
of your State, sir, who met him face to face in an
interview, was compelled to say, "He is brave,
he is honest, he is sincere." It is rarely that a
man brave, honest, and sincere, is led to the gal-
lows or the stake; but, nevertheless, if these qual-
ities misguide him into a lawless raid upon the
rights ot others, he must suffer the penalties of
the law, and no man stands here to justify him.
I ask you ill the generosity of your hearts to
separate and distinguish between approval of a
lawless invasion, and sympathy for a sublime
hero taking his life in his hand and marching up
to (he altar to offer it there a sacrifice to his
highest convictions of right. Sir, his course was
disinterested. He is frequently spoken of as a
common malefactor, a vulgar murderer, a robber.
Sir, lie proposed nothing to himself. His conduct
was as disinterested as man's conduct can ever
be; but he was misguided, he was demented, lie
was insane; siill the people of the North do not
forget the great services that he rendered to their
cause, to their relations, and their friends, who
were m peril in the Territory of Kansas, nor can
the human heart divest itself of a sense of that
heroism which has characterized him from the
time that he was overtaken until the grave closed
over lum.
Therefore, sir, they do sympathize with him;
but 1 beg ot' you not to be misled by this. Do
not jump to the conclusion that the people who
hold meetings in admiration of the personal qual-
ities of John Brown, one single man of them,
stand forth to justify his nefarious and unwar-
rantable act. 1' do not know that a single appli-
cation to save his life was made from that quarter.
If it was, I did not hear of it. They supposed
that, according to the law existing in the State
against which he had offended, he properly suf-
fered the extreme penalty of the law. And here
I will say before I pass from this branch of the
subject, that in my intercourse with all the people
who knew old John Brown, in my intercourse
with all the men who have sympathized with him
ill his last trial, I have never yet heard of a man,
woman, or child, that stood forth as a justifier of
his raid upon Virginia. If the people sympathized
with a felon upon the gallows anybody would
know without inquiry that it was no ordinary
case. Our people do not sympathize with crime;
but they do feel those emotions which are elicited
by those traits of heroism that characterized this
leader during the whole course of his life, and
shone most conpicuously in his death.
But enough of that, Mr. President. It is ex-
ceedingly absurd to endeavor to implicate the Re-
publican party in the acts of old John Brown or
anybody else. They have their principles, which
are well known by all the community in which
theyprevail. Our doctrines are well understood.
The limitations upon our doctrines are well known
by all who choose to know them, and those who
do not choose would never understand them al-
though they were written upon the face of the
sun. The Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. John-
son,] the other day, and the Senator from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Clay,] yesterday, if I understood
them, undertook to read us a lecture on our un-
derstanding of the Declaration of Independence,
and the doctrines growing out of.that instrument;
and I have thought that probably here is the great
departure between them and myself, between those
who believe in the institution of slavery and those
who do not. The Republican party, so far as I
know, believe in the Declaration of Independence.
They do not believt; that it is a tissue of glittering
generalities. They'do not believe that it is amere
jingle of words having no meaning. They do
believe that every man bearing the human form
has received from the Almighty Maker a right to
his life, to his liberty, and the pursuit of happi-
ness. They do not believe that this right is con-
fined to men of any particular name, nation, or
color; but they believe that wherever there is
humanity there is this great principle.
The Senator from Tennessee said that the Dec-
laration of Independence applied only to white
men; that white men have a right to life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness; and he said it did i\ot
apply to all; that it was never intended to apply
to any other class of persons than the white lace.
Do 1 understand that Senator, then, in the eon-
verse of the proposition, to hold that the black
man has no light to his life? Let us narrow it
down to that; will the Senator say that a negro
has no right, to life? If he has, lie has just as
great and as inalienable a right to his liberty and
to the pursuit of happiness. Sir, there is nothing
more abhorrent to the mind of most northern men
than the idea that one man was created by his
Maker to be a mere drudge, a serf, to another;
that it was the intention of the Almighty in creat-
ing a particular class of men, that they should
fArcgo their own happiness, their own right to
cultivate their faculties, and that they were born
for no better purpose than to minister to the hap-
piness of some other man, regardless of their own.
To a man thus born, his being would be a curse.
He might scoff at the Creator who had raised him
up, not to regard his own happiness, not to regard
the culture of his own mind, but as a being whose
life, whose limbs, and all whose faculties were
dedicated by the Almighty to minister alone to
the promotion of some other man's happiness.
Sir, that is not the teaching of the Declaration of
Independence. It was never so intended, nor are
the framers of that instrument liable to be lauuted
with hypocrisy because they did not carry out
practically, to their full extent, the ideas of that
great and Godlike instrument. Tin y were fram-
ing a Government for these States. They knew,
to be sure, that the sovereign States of this Union
existing at the time, had their own institutions;
they knew, to be sure, that slavery prevailed
there; but there was not a man of them who did
not proclaim it to be wrong. I am not going to
read those hackneyed declarations of theirs, but
I say to you, yon cannot find the man that was
instrumental in framing the Constitution of the
United States, or the Declaration of Independence,
but what said over and over again that the system
of slavery wherever it exists is wrong and cannot
be justified upon any principle: and to attempt
to justify it would be to reduce tin* Government
of these United States down to a level with the
meanest despotism that exists on the face of God's
eaith. If one may be created for no better pur-
pose than to minister to the welfare of another,
the only question will be, who are the privileged
