1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm.
At any rate, we have no right to change the law
here.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules the amendment out of
order.
The amendmentof the Senate was concurred in.
Thirty-first amendment:
For the survey of tlie forty-sixth parallel of north lati-
tude, so fai as it constitutes a common boundary between
Oregon and Washington Territory, $4,500.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means rccommcnd a non-concurrence.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. It is im-
portant that the line between these two juris-
dictions should be known, in order to prevent
conflicts between the settlers. The running- of
this boundary line is strongly urged by the De-
partment of the Interior. That country is now
settled to a very considerable extent, and the as-
certainment of this line will prevent all conflicts
of jurisdiction and title. It is a small sum, and
I hope the committee will think proper to appro-
priate it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The original survey of the
country fixes the forty-sixth parallel of latitude,
and there is not a particle of necessity for this
appropriation.
The amendment was not concurred in.
Thirty-second amendment:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pay the Chick-
asaw Indiana intue&t on $100,000, part of their national
fund, which was paid into the Treasury in January, 1S57,
on account of the i ademption of that amount of the State
stock of Ohio previously held by that Department m tiu&t
for that fund, $21,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-third amendment:
Fot; the purpose of paying evicting liabilities, and to fin-
ish the map* and calculations of tlie survey of tlie Atrato
route ol the intei-oceanie canal, $6,r>00.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
Mr. BARR. I move to amend by striking out
the entire Senate amendment, and inserting the
following:
One thousand dollars, to be expended under the direction
of Captain Meigs for Japanese hats lor mcinheis of Con-
gress, to be woni dining the night sessions to protect their
heads fiom the great lvcat ol the gas.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not in
order.
Mr. G-ARNETT. I would like to hear by what
authority of law the survey was made outside of
the limits of the United States for any canal?
[Calls to "Order!"] I believe the question of con-
currence is debatable.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the Senate
amendment is closed by order of the House.
Mr. GARNETT. Then I move to amend by
reducing the amount $500. I make the motion
for the purpose of asking the gentleman who has
charge of the bill for some explanation of this
amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of ^Illinois. I can state
to the gentleman from Virginia and the commit-
tee that the Twenty-Seventh Congress passed an
act directing the Secretaries of the Navy and of
War to have a survey made across the Isthmus
of Darien, with a view to constructing a canal.
Two'officer^ were sent on that expedition; and
this amendment here is to pay some existing lia-
bilities—some salaries due to engineers who were
engaged in the work, and who have not been paid.
Mr. BARR. Civil engineers ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes.^
Mr. PHELPS. Let me add one word in ex-
planation: $25,000 was appropriated, with the
express provision annexed to it that no further
money should be expended in prosecuting that
survey. That amount has been expended. Does
the Committee of Ways and Means recommend
concurrence?
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommends non-concurrence.
Mr. GARNETT. I withdrawmy amendment.
The question was taken on the Senate amend-
ment; and it was concurred in.
Thirty-fourth amendment:
For fitting up the room- in tlie center building of the Cap-
itol. formes ly occupied bv the Senate Committees on Naval.
Militaiy, and Indian Affair?, for the iwe of tho Court of
Claims, under the Mipeimtcndence of the Commissioner of
Public Buildings, $'3,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-fifth amendment:
Sec. 2. Jhid be it further enacted, That the second sec-
tion of the net making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses o! the Government lor the
year ending the :i0th of Juno, IH'ifl,-' ri pin rived the 3d of
March, 3859, shall be, and the Fame is hereby, repealed.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in the amendment, with the
following amendment:
And that from and after the 30th of June, 1860, the coin-
age of cents shall cease.
Mr. PHELPS. I will explain the object of
this amendment. Three or four years agoj a pro-
vision was made for the coinage of new cents,
and that Spanish silver coins in circulation should
be received at the Mint at their nominal value in
exchange for the now cents. The community com-
plains that there is too large a number of these
cents in circulation. Brokers buy up these Span-
ish coins—the quarter dollar at twenty cents, and
the eighth of a dollar at ten cents—and exchange
them at the Mint for cents at their nominal value.
They are thus able to sell these cents at a dis-
count of four or five per cent., and lealize a hand-
some profit on the transaction. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommended that that sec-
tion of the law shall be repealed, and further rec-
ommend that the coinage of cents shall ccase.
Mr. BAIIR. I propose to amend the amend-
ment, by adding:
And that persons have the llglittogo totho United States
Mint and get gold and silver in exchange for these cents.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
Is this amendment in order? Cents are not re-
deemable at present in gold and silver coin.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair considers the
amendment out of order.
Mr. BARR. I think it wrong for the Govern-
ment to issue coin which it will not take back in
exchange.
Mr. GROW. Well, the amendment provides
that they shall not com any more.
The question was taken on the amendment re-
ported from the Committee of Ways and Means
to the amendmentof the Senate; and it was agreed
to.
The question recurred on the Senate amend-
ment, as amended; and it was concurred in.
Thirty-sixth amendment:
Jim! he it fmther enacted, That all ciMing laws cieatmg
an ait commission be, and the same aie hereby, lepealed.
Mr. PETTIT. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the section:
And that no money appiopuated by tins oi any exislmfi
law shall be applied for painting", .st.itu.iry, or any other
works ofillustiative art, except (or the works of Crawlord
and Rogets, unless the object-, and the amounts appropri-
ated lor the same be expressed in the law.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is that amendment in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is
not ill order.
Mr. PETTIT. The chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means is mistaken m regard to
this; for it will be seen that, instead of its being a
total repeal of these laws, it is a modified repeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is out
of order.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is not the amendment of
the Senate in direct contravention of the amend-
ment which the Committee of Ways and Means
has offered to the Senate amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend non-concurrence with the
amendment of the Senate.
The question was taken on the Senate amend-
ment; and it was not concurred in.
Thirty-seventh amendment:
pEC.-l. *htd'/r it further enactcd, That the Comn.is-.oner
of Patents is heiebv authorized to pav those emplored m
the Patent Office, iiom April I. 18Jj. nutil Apul 1, 18B0, as
examine)- and a--i.-taui examines o! p item-, at the i.ites
fixed by law loi these le.peetive guides: !'ionded, That
the -rune he paid out of the I'atent Office fund, and that
the compensation thus paid shall not exceed that )eeci\e!l
by those duly enrolled as examiners and assistant exam-
lnets of patent- t"i tile same period.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended linn-concurrence.
Mr. NIRLACK. I move to strike out the
latter proviso of the section. This matter was
referred to the Committee on Patents, by a me-
morial, some weeks since, and the duty was im-
posed upon me to examine the question. After
obtainino- all the information which I could, and
laym" it° before the committee, I was instructed
to make a favorable report; but owing to the ad-
vanced stage of the session, the report has not
been made. But the committee favor the Senate
amendment. It takes no money out of the Treas-
ury, and does but simple justice to the employes
in the Patent Office who have been assigned to a
higher grade of service than that to which they
were originally appointed by the Commissioner
of Patents. A similar provision was made in the
appropriation bill of 1856, and will be found on
page 91, tenth volume of the Statutes at Large.
I see no reason why the assistant examiners
should not be paid the salary of examiners when
they have actually performed the duties of prin-
cipal examiners. The Commissioner of Patents,
in his report, made a year since, says:
"For some time past, three of the piincipal examiners
have been withdrawn fiom their appiopuate duties, and
have been entnely occupied in the examinations of appeals
from the decisions of the examiner on rejected applications
for patents. In tlie mean lime, their dutie-Dave been per-
formed by fir-t a-.-iatant cxaniineis. Under these circum-
stances, it is no moie than right that such first assistant
examiners shall he allowed the salaiy of principal examin-
er- for the tune tliattney have perfoiuied their duties. They
have pcifoimed tboduties assigned totheniwith credit and
fidelity, ami ! earnestly recommend that they be allowed
the salary as sugge-ted.''
I know of no reason why the recommendation
ofthe Commissioner-should not be carried out; and
I hope the amendment of the Senate will be con-
curred in.
Mr. PHELPS. I opposo tlie amendment sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Indiana. The sal-
ary of the examiners of the Patent Office is fixed
at $9,000, and the salary of the assistant exam-
iners at §1,800 per annum. Their salaries are
paid out ofthe Patent Office fund; and, although
the gentleman from Indiana says that no money
will bo taken out of tlie Treasury if this amend-
mentshall be adopted, nevertheless, the additional
money required will be taken out of the Patent
Office fund.
The proposition is to increase the compensa-
tion of assistant examiners xvhen they for a time
perform the duties of examiners. I hold that they
made a contract with the Government to give
their time and attention to the duties of the office,
whether it is the duties of fnst cxammcis or of
assistant examiners; and their contract with the
Government was for the sum of money which
tlicy have been paid. This amendment proposes
to go back and pay them additional compensation
from 1855 to the present time; and, notwithstand-
ing the late Commissioner of Patents has made
this recommendation, the Committee of Ways
and Means do not concur in it, but recommend
that tlie amendment of the Senate be non-con-
cun'rd in.
Mr. NIBLACIv. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I move to
strike out the last line of the amendment of the
Senate, and 1 do it. only for the puipose of saying
to the committee, that, m the judgment of the
Committee on Patents, it is nothing more than a
simple act of justice to allow these clerks, who have
performed this higher grade of service, the full
compensation therefor. It amounts to very little.
Wherever you require officers to perform the du-
ties of a higher grade of service than that to which
they have been appointed, they are entitled to the
salary appertaining to that higher grade, it has
been already stated by the gentleman from Indi
ana that this amendment takes no money out of
tlie Treasury. It comes merely out of the Patent
Office fund, and the gentleman who has the con-
trol of that fund—.the Commissioner of Patents—
says that it is right. They have a sin plus there
which is not now used, and it seems to me that
the principle, recognized by tlie amendment ofthe
Senate is but just, and that the Committee of
Ways and Means ought to have recommended a
concurrence in it. I withdraw my amendment.
Tlie amendment of the Senate was noil-coil-
curred in.
* ^Ef\ Jlnd be it further enacted, Thatthe contract made
with Gale- S* Beaton, under the nineteenth svetum of the
Vet making appropriation- for .-nndiy civil expenses- of
the Government jortlie vear ending the 3hth of June,
apoioved the 13th ot June, 155C, fm the publication ot a con-
tinuation of the Ameucdii Kt:u>' Pape.-s. !><>-o modified as to
require tin* puhh>,h T-. 10 defray all Un* expend o[ ^electing,
compiling. aiiangmg the document- propei to be urelud-
 'd tn that woik ; al-o the expend - binding,undo! aHen-
i jriaving on c oppei, -teel, and wood, and for lithographing,
| uliiehmav he > oiu>uh,i.;ilueee-s:oiy by the Hecretaij ot tac
| Senate and Oieikoi the House of Reprc*untalivc«. together
I with the expense 3 of preparing full and pioper indexes for
