1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1163
the field during that war. And yet these widows
and their orphans are not permitted to enter, with
their property, upon these fair lands which their
husbands purchased with their blood. They have
not even the satisfaction of seeing them sold for
the use of the public Treasury. You thrust them
aside; and, by what you call a " homestead bill,"
propose to give them away to those among you
who cannot pay one shilling per acre for homes.
The advocates of this agrarian iniquity unblush-
inglv avow that it will iffiable them to ship off the
refuse scum and redundant villainy of the cities of
the North. Your high-sounding catchwords of
"homes for the homeless" and "lands for the
landless" can deceive no one. Why not givealso
money to the moneyless, and shoes to the bare-
foot? Why not imitate Rome, when growing cor-
rupt, and distribute largesses of money and pro-
visions among the people ? It would be the same,
with the difference that Rome robbed her prov-
inces to feed her citizens, whilst you would rob
your citizens to feed the provinces. Nay, you
would feed the world; for every jail, work-house,
and penitentiary in Europe would be emptied into
our Territories. The Atlantic ocean would be
bridged, and swarms would pour across to enter
into this land, which is too good for southern
slaveholders. The good would come 110 faster,
and of the bad we have enough already. The old
States lose then- population fast enough as it is,
and no one should desire to increase the depopu-
lation . The true title of the bill, sir, should read:
"A bill to encourage foreign and domestic vaga-
bondism, by granting quarter sections of the pub-
lic land to each actual vagabond that cannot pay
twelve'and a half cents per acre for a home."
I would finally beg to say to these anti-slavery
gentlemen, that for purposes of present advantage
they take but a limited view of the future of this
great question. A world in arms could not abol-
ish slavery in the southern States to-day, or, if
once abolished, a world in arms would rise up
and demand its restoration {o-niorrow. Our slaves
are this moment more firmly fixed in then bond-
age than at any previous moment in our history.
Their labor has become an indispensable necessity,
not only to ourselves, but to the civilized world;
and statesmen, whether British or American, know
it. Our united people will defend it with their
blood in the Union, and should your whole soci-
ety, yielding to a mad fanaticism, so trespass upon
ourrights as to drive us from the Union, we would
find ourselves able to defend it as an independent
nation. In fact, we have all the capacities for a
separate and independent existence that are calcu-
lated to make a great and prosperous State. We
produce all the greatitems of raw material licces-
saryfor manufactures; the well-watered valleys ot
the mountain regions in Virginia, Kentucky, Ten-
nessee and North Carolina, present the most de-
sirable scats for manufactories in the woild.
The beautiful, healthful, and magnificent mount-
ain region of western Carolina, which I am proud
to represent on this floor, presents greater facilities
itself for manufacturing than all New England put
together. The coal fields of my State would feed
the glowing furnace for ages to come; and the fer-
tile plains of the northwestern States do notfurnish
a finer region for the production of the common
articles of food, than the great States of Kentucky,
Tennessee, and North Carolina. In fact, we com-
bine everything within ourselves that is necessary
for a separate and independent existence. Nor-
folk, which I believe is in any event destined to
becomea rival of New York and Liverpool, would
then become the great port of entry for the South;
and the opening up of the greal regions of the
"WVst by the southern Pacific- lailroad, and the
mingling of the waters of the Ohio with those of
the Chesapeake bay, by canal, would make her
to rival the magnificence of Tyre and Sidnn. _ In
ail these mutations, whilst we could flourish,
vour prosperity would be stricken down to the.
(lust, and your dependence upon our raw material
would still hold you our obsequious dependant.
You talk now of forbearing to interfere with
slavery among us, because of the delicacy of the
question and the interest it involves to ns; but
vou know that your own prosperity is still more
di'pendeni upon its existence. It is a tender re-
g-M'l fo> the'goose tha> lays for you the golden
'-'-'at makes vou profess to be unwilling to
Liy he.ix'e; "poll it. You know that slave labor
has busit all your cities and towns, has erected
your great warehouses, freights your rich navies,
and carries wealth and happiness throughout all
the bleak and sterile hills of New England. You
know that the shirt you wear, when you stand up
to denounce tiie slaveholder; the sugar that sweet-
ens your tea, when you sit down to the evening
and morning meal—nay, the very paper on which
you indite your senseless philippics against the
South, are the products of sla've labor. You not
only thus grow rich upon what you call an in-
iquity, but you owe your positions in this Hall
to "the prejudice which you feed and pamper
against slavery, and which, alone, constitutes
your whole stock in trade.
Think not, therefore, that you can prevent the
extension of slavery, or abolish it where it is. For
should you succeed, as you threaten, in cooping us
up and surrounding us by Wilmot provisoes, or
by your homestead bills, in filling up the common
territories with northern and foreign squatters in-
imical to slavery, the time will come when the
southern people, gathering up their households to-
gether, sword in hand, will force an outlet for it
at the cannon's mouth. Long years might inter-
vene before this neeessity came upon us, but come
it certainly would, and we would then go forth
and find other lands whose soil and climate were
adapted to ourinstitutions,from which you would
not dare to attempt, to expel us. But will you
drive us to this course.' Will the great conser-
vative masses of the northern people, who are
inheritors with us alike of the common glories of
the past and heirs apparent of the unspeakable
glories of our future, continue to urge this dire
extremity upon their southern brethren ? Or will
they not rather " be still, and behold how God
will bring it to pass?" Will they not wait with
patience for this great and all-absorbmg problem
to work itself out according to the immutable laws
of climate, soil, and all the governing circum-
stances with which He has ever controlled the
uprisings and the down-sittings of men > In this
way, and this only, as the wateis of the gieat
sea purify themselves, will the good of both the
African slave and his European master bo ac-
complished: without violence, without blood, and
without a disruption of the bonds which bind to-
together this blood-bought and blood-cemented
Union, which our fathers founded in the agony
of the greatest of human struggles and builded
with prayers to Heaven for its perpetuity. This
way alone will enable us to avoid that dread day
of disunion, of which I have thought in the bit-
terness of my spirit that I could curse it even as
Job cursed his nativity: " Let that day be dark-
ness; let not God regard it from above, neither
let the light shine upon it. Let it not be joined
unto the days of the year; let it not come into
the number of the months. Let the stars of the
twilight thereof be dark; let it look for light, but
have none; neither let it see the dawning of the
day."
Mr. SEDGWICK obtained the floor.
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan. I understand that
the gentleman from New York does not wish to
procced with his remarks this evening; and if he
will yield to me, I will occupy the floor a few
moments.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I will, with the understand-
ing that I shall have the floor when the House
shall go into committee again.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair hears no ob-
jection.
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan. Mr. Chairman,
on the 5th day of Dei embei last we assembled in
this Hall. Immediately, almost before we had
taken our seats, the Democratic side of the House
commenced to "agitate" the slavery question.
Loud as that party li.is ever been in its denuncia-
ations of " agitation," it commenced, with inde-
cent haste, and carried on with unparalleled vir-
ulence for many weary weeks, a series of most
exciting declamations upon this all-absorbmg
topic. ' We Republicans sat quietly m our seats,
even when our principles weie misn presented,
our motivesinipugned, and toul aspersion^ east on
those whom wo dchsrht to honor. W o dm this
because wc believed our first duty was to organize
this House. We believed the discussion indulged
in to be wholly irrelevant; and Inner; we would
not, and did not, to any considerable extent, par-
ticipate. it was most emphatically a Democratic
discussion; originating with, earned on by, and
designed exclusively lor, the benefit of that party.
But, sir, I do not regret this discussion, The
country has learned from it more than one sound
and profitable lesson. It lias demonstrated the
truth of what we Republicans have been telling
our constituents for the last two years, nameiy: that
the so-called Democratic party,is_ essentially and tm-
mistakably pro-slavei-y in its character. This charge
has usually been met with a flat denial .by north-
ern and northwestern Democrats. But denial^
will no longer answer. The acts of the party on
this floor, and the declarations here' made by
gentlemen from various sections of the Union,
leave no room for doubt. That every Democratic
Representative on this floor from the slaveholding
States ]s a justifier and upholder of the peculiar
institution, will not be questioned. Ana, sir,of
the ninety-three Administration Democrats in the
House, sixty-seven are from slaveholding States,
and may hence, as they are in good standing in
the party, be certainly classed as pro-slavery.
I will not attempt to state in my own language
the position which this large majority of the De-
mocracy on this floor occupy on this subject.
They shall speak for themselves; and, to save Both
time and space, I will introduce but a single
extract.
In a discussion which took place on the 18th
day of January, between the gentleman from JNcw
York [Mr. Carter] and the gentleman from
Mississippi, [Mr. McRae,] the following oc-
curred:
" Mr- Carter. I want to ask the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi at what period of time slavery first exists in a
Tei ntory ?
"Mi.McIUe. I will answer that question. That was
tiio qufMion I would have answeied after having my opin-
ion read; but the gentleman wanted my opinion, and did
not want an aurument. Therefore I confined mysclfstrictJy
to the privilege which 1 understand I hold from him—sim-
ply to answer his question.
" Theie seems to have been an impression all tlie tune
in icgaid to tins question of t la very in the Territoiies, that
the Constitution of the United States, in some shape or
other, carried it or fixed it There. There seems to have
been an impression that it wa? fixed or prohibited there by
eongiofctjonal Jegudation. i do not hold to cither of these
doctiines.. X wdl tell the gentleman when slavery com-
mence- in a Territory. It is when a eitizep of a State,
who owns a slave as his proptrrtv, moves into a Territory
with that clave as his property; then slavery is established
theie. That is the position." Slavery existed anterior to
ttie Constitution The Constitution did notcieatc, and it
cannot piolulnt slavery Congressional legislation cannot
crcatc, and it cannot prohibit slavoiy. Te.rutonal legisla-
tion does not create, and it cannot prohibit slavery. Sla-
very, fch, is that natural relation which the negio beaia to
the white man as properly, and K general and universal
where it is not excluded hy'local law. That is the position.
Gentlemen want to make out that slaveiy is local, because
it exists in particular places. Slavery is general and uni-
versal. It is a natural right, growing out of the natural
relation in which that race stands to the white race. That
is the position.
Mr. Carter. Then it is a national institution.
" Mr. McRae. It is a universal institution of God and
of man, nature and Christianity, earth and heaven, [laugh-
ter.] having it^ origin in the law of God, sustained by the
Bible, sustained by Christianity, sustained by the laws of
all nations, sustained by ali history m all parts of the
world."
This statement of the gentleman from Missis-
sippi [Mr. McRae] gives truthfully, I believe, and
in few words, the real position of the southern
Democracy upon the slavery question. It an-
nounces, clearly and emphatically, their belief in
the " Divine origin" of the institution, its har-
mony with the truths of the Bible, and its right to
limitless expansion. Sir, I will not stop here to
say what I think of this monstrous idea of the
Divine nature and origin of slavery, but I will say
thiiL I blush for my country when such sentiments
are uttered by her Representatives here in this
great councii-Iiall of the nation. And 1 will say fur-
ther, that when [ contemplate this gigantic fraud
upon the rights of man, wide-spread as it is; when
|: I reflect that its friends wield the mighty power
!i of this Government to still further extent, and
|| strengthen it; when I hear the President, the ac-
j; knowiedged head and leader of the party ill power,
li declare that " neither Congress nor a Territorial
Legislature, nor any human power, has any au-
Ii thority" to prevent its extension to the Territo-
j] ries; and when a great party rises up in its pride
j: and its strength and asserts that it is "an msti-
;! tution of the Bible and of Heaven," I will say,
!| sir, for I cannot refrain from saying, in the lan-
i guage of the great apostle of American Democ-
! lacy, Thomas Jefferson, " I ticmblc tor my coun-
i| try when I reflect that God is just, and that Bis
!! justice cannot sleep forever." p *
li But, ilr. Chairman, it may be said the nortn-
;i ern Democrats on this floor are not pro-slavery.
