1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
classes—who are to be ministered unto, and who
are the menials to do their work ? All monarchies
act upon this principle, and therefore it is that
kings assume to reign by divine right. It was the
purpose of our fathers to put the dagger to the
heart of such an absurdity. All men, say they,
are created equal* and have these inalienable
rights. All men feel that that is so.
w"hy, sir, what said Jefferson? The Senator
from Tennessee, I believe, said that if he gave this
scope to the Declaration of Independence, inas-
much as he was a slaveholder himself, he would
be a hypocrite in saying it. That docs not follow.
The Senator from Alabama, if I understood him,
declared that if this was so, then those who held
slaves were great criminals, and were guilty of the.
greatest wrong. That does not follow by any
means.
Mr. CLAY. The Senator doubtless docs not
mean to misrepresent me. I said that if the libel,
as I think it, pronounced by his party upon the
slaveholders was true, then we were criminals.
Mr. "WADE. I do not know that I understand
the Senator.
Mr. CLAY. I said that if the assertion of your
party, that slavCYy and polygamy stood together
and were equally crimes against revealed religion,
was true, then both the slaveholder and the poly-
gamist were criminals alike.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I am not one of
those who suppose that all slaveholders aredecply
criminal. I Know very well how habit and cus-
tom, and even necessity, modify all our abstract
opinions. I understand that well, and 1 never
mention it in the North without the proper qual-
ifications, notwithstanding the Senator thinks I
hate slaveholding and slaveholders so much. I
give you here, on this floor, my worst version of
your institutions. 1 hold no such doctrine as the
Senator charges us with. 1 do not charge Thomas
Jefferson, nor Mr. Madison, nor General Wash-
ington, nor Mr. Randolph, nor Mr. Tucker, nor
any other of the great statesmen to whom we look
up with such reverence, with hypocrisy or any-
thing sinister or wrong; because, when they
made this declaration, and declared that the word
ii slave" should-not bo in the instrument which
they were framing, for the reason that it grated
harshly on their ears, and they knew it was an
infringement on natural right, tlicy held slaves in
the States themselves. The fact that they held
slaves did not prevent their making this declara-
tion, nor did it prevent them, on all occasions,
from inveighing against the institution and wish-
ing they could find some means by which they
could do away with it. General Washington him-
self was, according to your understanding of it,
„ just as much an Abolitionist as you charge me
with being. He believed the system wrong—
morally, politically, in every way—and he hoped
some means would be found whereby it might
be abolished. Yes, sir, that was the word. He
wished that sovr)c means would be found by which
this system should be done away with, and he
declared that, whenever there was an opportunity,
his vote should not be wanting to accomplish it.
How long do you suppose that he could remain
upon the soil of Virginia to-day with this decla-
ration upon his tongue'
In the administration of public affairs you can-
not govern a nation upon an abstraction. You
cannot impeach n man with inconsistency because
he cannot live in the administration of public
affairs up to the finest spun theory that you may
produce. All I ask of these great men they per-
formed. They found themselves surrounded with
this institution; they saw its working and its op-
eration; they saw that it was all wrong, m policy
and in theory; they saw that in morals it was
equally wrong, and the5? wished to get rid of it;
and 011 all proper occasions they constantly de-
clared it to bo a wrong, and ihey invoked the
people about them to come up to the work, and,
as fast as it could be done, to do away with it.
Therefore, sir, they were consistent. They knew
that their sjaveholding in the States was in direct
contradiction of that great and Godlike declaration
that they had put forth to all mankind, and they
sought to get rid of it.
Mr. President, it is not a great while ago since
the view that those great men entertained on this
subject was universal, North, South, East, and
West. I wish Senators would bear that in mind;
because, perhaps, it would moderate their asper-
ity of feeling against those .who still stand where,
but a very short time since, we all stood together.
That slavery is to be justified as a divine institu-
tion is a doctrine that is not five years old, in my
judgment. Mr. Clay, at the head of the old Whig
party, denounced it down to a very late period in
his valuable life, in stronger, infinitely stronger
terms than I could denounce it upon this'fioor, as
wrong, continually wrong; and the great party
that adhered to his standard ui tho South, were
all equally orthodox upon this subject; there was
no discordant note there*, there was not a Clay
Whig in all the South who would stand up and
say "this institution of ours is to he justified
upon principles of moral right and justice"—not
one. So well known was this fact, that I re-
member it is not much more than four years ago
since the speakers in the South, and the leading
papers in the South, put forth this doctrine—the
Charleston Mercury, I recollect, was one—that
the framers of our institutions were all Abolition-
ists, agreeing precisely with our doctrines, (and
it cannot be denied, because the recoi'd evidence
that they left behind them is perfectly overwhelm-
ing,) but that they did not understand the subject;
they had not made it their study particularly; but
now the South have reviewed the whole doctrine,
and have come to another conclusion. They now
find that the old doctrine was altogether at fault;
that the relation of master a^d slave is the true re-
lation of man, upheld by divine inspiration, insti-
tuted of God, and approved of and in accordance
with nature itself. The Charleston Mercury went
so far as to say that if this was not so, the Abo-
litionists were right. Yes, sir; it staked every-
thing upon The new light that had broken in in
modern times, which shines so fiercely that it has
dimmed and obliterated even the Sermon upon
the Mount.
Yes, sir; this is a modem light that has sprung
up since you began to raise the standard of sla-
very, declaring that it should dominate over this
great nation, and should prostrate evciy other in-
terest. It grew up along with your new territo-
rial doctrines; it grew up along with your Drcd
Scott decision; it grew up with your meditated
design of opening the African slave trade. It is
a key to them all. It grew as cotton grows; and
we were told here not long since that cotton was
king, and had dictated this new code of morals.
I challenge any Senator to deny that I state this
doctrine aright.
Is it not a fact that you claim that on a review
of the question of slavery you have got new light?
The old doctrine was that it was wrong in morals
and could not be justified; but now you hold the
contrary. We, sir, adhere to the old doctrine.
We have not seen the new light, that has broken
in upon the South. We were not admitted into
the great council where the investigation was had
which resulted in finding out that the institution
of slavery is in accordance with nature and ap-
proved by God.
It is true, sir, that I cannot touch the institution
within the boundaries of the States where slavery
is established by law, for there the Constitution
does not enable me to ivnch it. 1 am 110 more
responsible for it in your St at ostium I am lor it
in Turkey or any other foreign country, where I
hear of it with r<.givt, and where I have nothing
to say upon the subject; but when you undertake
to thrust it forth where it has 110 foothold, where
there is no necessity that it should go, there, like
Mr. Clay, of Kentucky, I meet you to contend
in<di by inch; nay, with him 111 the last noble sen-
timent that he uttered, I would suffer my arm to
fall from its socket before, with my consent, this
aecuised institution should invade one inch of ter-
ritory now free.
One word more as to the effect of this doctrine.
Do I stand here to accuse a gentleman who is a
slaveholder of the South with crime1 I have
never done so. You may say that if we regard
slavery as wrong, and as a robbery of the rights
of men, we should accuse you with being crimi-
nal. Well, sir, the logic would seem to be good
enough were it not modified by the fact that with
you it is deemed a necessity. I do not know
what you can do with it; I was almost about to
say that I do not care what you do with it: I will
say it is none of my business what you do with
it, and I never undertake to interfere with it. To
be sure, believing it to be wrong—wrong to your-
selves, and wrong to those whom you hold in this
abject condition, I wish that you could s?ee the
light as I see it; but if you do jiot, it is a matter
of your own concern ana not of mine, I can very
well have charity towards you, bccause with all
my opposition to your institution, ^can haydiy
doubt that if we had changed places, and my iot
had been cast among you, under like circum-
stances, my opinions on this subject might be
different, and 1 might be here, perhaps, as fierce
a fire-eater as I am now defending against fire.
1 can understand these tKings, and I accuse no
man.
In reading over the Globe of yesterday, I per-
ceive that the Senator from Tennessee, in passing,
said, ihat somewhere I had made a disunion
speech. I would ask the Senator to what speech
he alludes, for I am not aware that I ever made
any disunion speech.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I do not know
whether I can make myself heard distinctly or
not, being hoarse, but 1 will try to do so. 1 did
not assume that the Senator had made a disunion
speech; but I was summing up doctrines and teach-
ings, commencing at a pretty early period of the
country, and bringing them down to this day,
that, as I thought, would end in dissolution; and
I referred to speeches made hj the Senator from
Massachusetts, and by the Senator from Ohio,
in which they inculcated the same doctrines which
I thought would result in dissolution. I did
not impugn their motives, but I said their teach-
ings would finally result in a dissolution of the
Union. I referred to two speeches made by the
Senator from Ohio and the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. I did not assume that they were in
favor of dissolution; but said that the doctrines
thrown out and inculcated by them wore calcu-
lated to result 111 a dissolution of the Union. X
can call the Senator's attention to the paragraph.
Mr. WADE. Then I understand the Senator
to say that while we did not preach disunion, wo
held doctrines that he inferred might lead to that.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Precisely.
Mr. CLAY. Perhaps the Senator alluded to
me; and as I think he lias denounced the Union
in quite as strong terms as perhaps any fire-eater
has done, I will invoke his attention to what I
have read in his presence heretofore and imputed
to him, and he did not then deny that it was a
correct quotation from his speech; hence I pre-
sumed that he admitted it. In 1856, in some,
remarks which I submitted upon the affairs of
Kansas, I quoted an cxtract from his speech de-
livered the summer preceding, in Maine, and I
will say, in justice to him and to myself, I then
had the speech by me; I have not been able to find
it since, although I have made a search for it
among my papers for his benefit, this morning.
Mr. WADE. I remember what the Senator
stated.
Mr. CLAY. But this is a correct quotation
from the speech, in which the Senator declared
that "the men of the North and the South are
more inimical than the Russians and the English
and that "the pretended union now existing is
all meretricious." lie said, furthermore, 111 the
same speech, m allusion to this same union, this
u meretricious" union, "there is not a business
man anywhere, who, if he had such a partner,
would hesitate to kick him out at once and have
done with it,55 meaning such a partner as the
South. That was, perhaps, what the Senator
alluded to; and I think it is due to him and to
myself, that 1 should bring it to his attention.
Mr, WADE. I remembered what the Senator
from Alabama had stated, and I was going to re-
mark on that, too; but I was noticing in the speech
, oftheSenotorfromTennessecwhatlhave already
alluded to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. By permission
of the Senator, I will say, that if he will take the
context of my speech prior to the point where the
Senator from Massachusetts was referred to, he
will see that I was summing up the evidence tend-
ing to show that certain teachings had been pro-
mulgated which would result in a dissolution of
the Union. I referred to the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts and the Senator from Ohio as incul-
cating similar doctrines. I have the two extracts
that 1 alluded to before me that I thought were
similar to those I had before quoted, and which,
in my judgment, tended to a state of things which
must result in a dissolution of the Union.
Mr. WADE. I am entirely satisfied with the
