1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
210?
the duties of inspector, was himself a candidate
upon the Democratic ticket for the high office of
State Senator. Singular as it may appear, there
is no law of Michigan which disqualifies a man
from acting as an inspector in an election at which
he is himself soliciting the suffrages of the people;
but from a proper delicacy, or from some other
cause, when the poll opened, Alderman Dudgeon
declined to act as inspector, and the electors pres-
ent, as I have already stated, selected Mr. Katus
to fill his place. Mr. Katus was duly qualified,
and entered on the discharge of his duties as a
judge or inspector of election, and continued so to
act until the poll closed, at five o'clock in the after-
noon, when, under some strange misapprehen-
sion of his duties, he retired from the poll, and
Mr. Dudgeon, who had declined to act in the
morning—who had taken 110 oath such as is re-
quired by the law of Michigan—and without au-
thority from the electors present, resumed the
place which he had voluntarily vacated, and per-
formed the important function of counting up and
canvassing the votes cast at an election in which
he was himself a candidate.
Now, sir, 1 call the attention of the House to
the fact that the statute of Michigan provides that
the inspectors shall continue to act as such dur-
ing 'the continuance of the election. This man,
Captain Katus, was chosen as inspector; he en-
tered upon the discharge of his duties, and con-
tinued to receive votes at the polls until the votes
were all in and the boxes closed. Dill his duty
then cease? Was the election then over? 1 think
not. On the contrary, after the polls had been
closed, then there remained the very important
duty of counting, of canvassing, and making a
return of the number of votes cast. The election
was not completed until after the ballots had been
counted and the returns made by the inspectors
to the proper authorities. Until all this was done
there "was a continuance of the election,"in the
legal meaning of the word; and Katus was the
only person authorized under the law, with his
co-inspectors, Tillman and Lacrotx,to discharge
that important duty which rendered the election
complete. But we find that Dudgeon, who in the
morning, on his own motion, had retired, at five
o'clock, when the polls had been closed, stepped
in again and assumed to act as inspector in com-
pleting this important part of the duty of inspector
m connection with an election under the laws of
the State of Michigan.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the committee believed this
fact sufficient to justify this House m rejecting
this poll. The v believed that there had been a gross
and palpable violation of the law; that this man
had no right to act as inspector, having declined
so to act m a former part of the dny, and another
appointed to act in his placc. This Katus having
been appointed,he was theonlypersonauthorizcd
to act, m conjunction with the otherinspcctors, as
inspector. But this man Dudgeon, who was him-
self a candidate for office, steps m, and, without
the sanction or solemnity of an oath, assumes the
functions of inspector, and proceeds to canvass and
count the votes.
Mr. COOPER. I wish to corrcct the gentle-
man. Alderman Dudgeon did take the only oath
that was required of him as inspector.
Mr. STRATTON. I understand that. I know
the point was made in the committee, in behalf of
the sitting member, that the only oath it was
necessary for Alderman Dudgeon to take was
his constitutional oath of office. From that posi-
tion i take the liberty respectfully of dissenting.
But it was stated by the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Gartrell,] and no doubt in good fai-th, that
Alderman Dudgeon was sworn duly as an in-
spector. I say that I have no doubt that the gen-
tleman believed such was the fact, because I am
sure it was his intention to deal fairly withthe
case; but what is the evidence upon that point?
The gentleman from Georgia read testimony bear-
ing upon this point, but he did as 1 have known
lawyers do when before ajury—he read as far as
suited his case, and then stopped. If he had gone
on a little further he would have satisfied the
House, and I am sure would have satisfied him-
self beyond a doubt, that Mr. Dudgeon did not
take the oath required by the law as an inspector
on this occasion, and which he should unques-
tionably have taken before attempting to enter
upon the discharge of the duties of an inspector of
elections. I now refer to the testimony of Mr.
Tillman, on page 48:
" Question. Where was that paper signed ?
" Answer. At the engine company house No. 6, in the
thiidwaid. Tins is a different place from where the polls
were held, it was signed the day we signed the official
canvass.
tl Question. Were you present when the polls opened
in the morning, and during the day till the polls closed ?
(l Answer. T was.
" Question. Where you present when Alderman Dud-
geon came in and took hid seat with the hoard of can-
vassers?
" Answer. I was.
" Question. Could he have been sworn and. you not
know it at that time?
"Answer, Not very well."
Now, what is the inference to be drawn from
fl-iio OVldpttCf ?
Mr. GARTRELL. I ask the gentleman to
allow me to correct him. He will remember that
I contended that it was unnecessary that Alder-
man Dudgeon should take any other oath than
the usual oath of office taken by him. He was
made by law ex officio an inspector. But while I
say that, I say that there is no evidence here that
he was not sworn specially on this occasion.
What is the evidence ? Mr. Tillman says that,
at a particular time, he did not see him sworn,
and that he could not at that time have very well
been sworn without the knowledge of the wit-
ness. There is, however, nothing to show that
he was not sworn, as he in fact was sworn in the
morning before the other inspector was elected.
Mr. STRATTON. This witness states the
facts precisely. He states that, when the polls
were opened in the morning, Lacroix, Katus,
and himself were sworn as poll inspectors,'in ac-
cordance with the laws of the State of Michigan;
but that the oath was not administered to Alder-
man Dudgeon, who then declined to act as in-
spector, and that he did not act as such through
the whole (lay. Ids true that, some three days after
the election, there appears to be an affidavit which
is subscribed to by Alderman Dudgeon in an en-
gine house in the fourth ward of the city of De-
troit; but there is no evidence that any oath was
administered to him on the day of the election.
But, on the contrary, the inference is irresistible
that Alderman Dudgeon was not sworn, but that
he acted as an inspector in violation of law. But
this testimony proceeds. I read from page 49:
" Question. Do you believe Mr. Lacroix would certify
to a jurat that lie had sworn a'person whom he had not
sworn? [Objected to.l
" Answer. I decline to answer that question.
" Question. Does this paper show that Katus was sworn '
"Jhmrct. It does not.
" Question. Are you ecrtain that this document signed
by Dudgeon was not Mgned by him at the time it purports
to have been?
"Answer. T am."
Well now, sir, the inference to be drawn from
the refusal of Mr. Tillman to answer the ques-
tion which is there asked is unquestionable.
There can be 110 doubt or the fact.. There must
have been some fact in the background which he
did not want known, and which, if disclosed,
would have implicated Dudgeon and others.
But it is in evidence further that before these
election returns were properly made and certi-
fied, the ballot-boxes were in the possession of
old Dudgeon two or three days, unsealed and un-
locked. he having the complete and entire control
over them. Here, then, in direct violation of law,
was a man claiming to be an inspector, but who,
under the circumstances, had no authority to act
as such, himself a candidate for office upon this
ticket—for an important office—stepping in, in
violation of law, and taking charge of these ballot-
boxes, carrying them olf, unsealed and unlocked,
and keeping them for two or three days before the
returns were properly made and certified to by the
returning officers. .... ,
Why, Mr. Speaker, I say that it is due to the
voters 111 that ward that their rights should not
thus be overlooked. It is due to this committee,
and It is due to this House, that they should not
overlook an attempt like this to sully the purity
of the ballot-box.
I do not mean to follow the gentleman further
in his argument upon this point,. He referred to
the vote in the townships of Van Buren and
Grosse Pointe; but as I have already said, the
argument was presented so forcibly yesteiday
by my colleague [Mr. Dawes! that I see no ne-
cessity for making further reference to it.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in relation to the votes that
have been challenged by the contestant, I desire
to submit a few remarks to the House. The con-
testant claims to have shown, by proper and suf-
ficient testimony, that more illegal votes were
polled for the sitting member than he has received
majority, thereby leaving him a clear majority of
the legal votes cast. He specifies the names of
the persons whom he charges were not qualifies!
voters under the constitution and laws of Michi-
gan, and the wards where they voted. Tie largest
number of illegal votes were polled in the second
ward of the city of Detroit. This was Howri-
gan "s ward. It seems that there lived in that ward
an ardent and earnest Democrat, one Tom How-
rigan by name, who was the proprietor, if not
the owner, of an extensive boarding-house; and
that some ten days before the election he made
arrangements with some of his Democratic friends
from Canada, New York, Ohio, and—as the evi-
dence, I believe, shows—from almost every sec-
tion of the country, to vote them in that ward.
Mr. COOPER. Not one came from Canada.
Mr. STRATTON. Then I am very much
mistaken. If I am wrong, 1 shall be glad to be
corrected. Where did those who were at How-
rigan's come from ? Let me read from the printed
testimony:
" Question. Did any of the persons who boarded.wiUl
you reside in Canada! >
"Answer. Some of thern had- resided in Canada,
" Question. Did some of them not come directly across
the river to your house to board ?
'■ ..qnsn-er. There were five who came over.
" Question. Were they procured m Canada to come over
to vote >
" Answer. They came to my place of their own accord
from panada, and I told them to btop till after election."
That is the testimony of Howrigan, the man
who provided these votes for the Democratic
tickct, and yet the honorable sitting member, in
face of that evidence, says that there were 110
votes cast in the second ward of Detroit of men
who had come from Canada! Here is their own
man, Howrigan, their lieutenant, who led them up
to the polls, the man who swears that he'stood
by the window and saw that every man who
boarded at lus house came up and voted the pure
Democratic ticket—this man swears here that of
these men five or six men did comc from Canada.
That they all voted the Democratic ticket, upon
which the name of Mr. Cooper was, there can
be no doubt; for upon his cross-examination,
when pressed to state whether, by any possibility,
some of those men could have voted for the Re-
publican ticket, he replied that he was not often
cheated in his men; and that he stood at the win-
dow until every man who had been boarded at
his house for the ten days before the election,and
had partaken of his hospitalities, by eating at his
hoard, and drinking his whisky without stmt and
without price, had voted. Every one of them
was obliged to comc up and take the ticket which
he voted', from the hands of Howrigan. Some
of these men came from Canada, as 1 first stated;
one came from Cleveland; and, if my recollection
serves me, several of them came from New York.
Some of them voted under assumed names; and
the names of some whom Howrigan swore he did
not believe voted at all, were found upon the poll-
list, and it was proved that they did vote.
What evidence can be stronger than this ? Soma
ten days prior to the election in November, a large
number of men who were strangers and non-resi-
dents came to the house of Howrigan, and re-
mained with him until the day of election.^ They
paid nothing to Howrigan for the entertainment
they received. They came, sir, for the express
purpose" of enabling them to vote in the second
ward. It was the distinct understanding that they
should vote as Howrigan desired. They com-
plied with their part of the contract by voting m
the second ward; and, if the testimony of How-
rigan be correct, they voted to a man the Demo-
cratic ticket. When their work was accomplished
they went as they came, leaving not a single track
behind them. They were birds of passage; and
in many instances, before the ink with which their
votes wore recorded was dry, these men were
beyond the limits of the ward. They were mostly
men without families. According to my recol-
lection of the evidence, there was but one who
was not a single man. Mr. Howrigan swears
that there was one man who had a family; but that
