144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14.
explanation. I did not know but that the Senator
intended to insinuate that I had made a dissolu-
tion speech. Now, as to the Senator from Ala-
bama, and what he has said in regard to that speech
which I made in Maine, I will state that I did
make a pretty fierce speech down there in Maine
on the stump. [Laughter.] I remember that very
well. I do not think, however, that I was rightly
reported. I believe the gentleman who professed
to report my speech did not profess to do it liter-
ally, but he gave a summing up of his own con-
victions of what I had paid.
Mr. CLAY. In justice to myself, then, I will
say that he did himself great injustice; because,
when I read this in his hearing about foui>years
ago, he made 110 denial of it; he did not qualify
it at all, as he now does.
Mr. WADE. I am not m the habit of retreat-
ing in the face of the enemy, and 1 do not very
often explain anything, but 1 am in pretty good
temper now, and I will state what I have said, in
regard to this speech, in Ohio, when it came out
there first. I was challenged there with a speech
that I had made in Maine, and it was road to me
as containing doctrines that some thought highly
objectionable. Well, sir, my recollection of the
speech was entirely different from that. I do not
know that the speech was ever reported at all. I
do not think it was ever pretended to be literally
reported at all. If it was, it was done not by a
friend, but by an enemy, I believe.
Mr. CLAY. Will the Senator permit me to
say that I saw this in a paper that was suppoi tmg
his party at the time, and that commended the
speech very highly; a paper, I think, at Spring-
field.
Mr. WADE. Now, if I recollect what I said
in regard to the first clause of that, it was this:
that speech was made at the time of the irritation
consequent on the invasion of Kansas, when our
northern people were excited in the way that I
have already stated; and I alluded to the sources
of irritation existing between the different sections
of the country, and the manner m which they
were persevered m, the repeal of the Missouri
compromise, the war in Kansas, and the murders
that had been committed there; and then 1 de-
clared, according to my recollection, that unless
some means of preventing and stopping these
tilings were taken, it would result in just what
they eluuge nie with having said. X said it would
ultimately result in making the different sections
of this country as great enemies as two hostile
nations, or somethingliko that. That is my rec-
ollection, and 1 know it is the explanation that T
gave immediately after the speech was made and
reported; but 1 am not particular about that. As
to the other parts of that speech, I have no par-
ticular recollection of them. The report was never
handed to me for correction. It was never seen
by me before it was sent out to the public, and I
do not now know anything about it.
Mr. CLAY. I did not understand the Senator
to disclaim the sentiments imputed to him, but only
thi4 language. He does not recollect the language;
but he does not deny that such were the senii-
ments he then entertained and, perhaps, uttered.
Mr. WADE. I said, thatiftho course of things
of which t spoke was persevered in, the result
would be to make us enemies; which, I think, is
very different from saying that we were enemies
now. It strikes me to be a difference, and 1 be-
lieve it was laid down with that qualification.
Mr. CLAY. But the Senator repeated the sen-
timent in a stronger form than J have read it to
him. I did not want to read the worst part of it
to him, because I did not wish to mflam" him or
• 'xcite any unpleasant feeling in the Senate. As,
howe\er, ho persists m saying that he is misrep-
resented, T will read another extract from the
speech. I had it all together, and 1 assure him it
was reported by one who professed to be his
frjt }ici—(o )),. a Republican. I got it in a Repub-
lican paper. I do not know with what motive it
was sent to me; but it was certainly sent to me
from the place where it was delivered. Here is
the extract:
TjLtfi ehu aih no Union now between the NoUh and
South, ,"nil tie behf'^fi no two rrihoiK upon the c-aith 011-
toimmed i'eelnig^ o: moo bitter rancor towards each other
than the^e two 11:11 ions ot the KopuMio. The only salva-
tion of the Union, therefore, was to bo found 111 di\estmg
it entirely from all tanit of slavery."
Mr. WADE. What speech does that purport
to be? —
Mr. CLAY. The same speech; that is my rec-
ollection. I have not the entire speech before me,
but I have some extracts from it.
f Mr. WADE. It seems to be reported 111 dif-
ferent language, I do not think I said so. I, of
course, do not profess to remember exactly what
I really said in a speech delivered some years ago;
but I do say now that there is no very consider-
able degree of good feeling existing between the
different sections of the Union. I do not know,
to-day, but that that sentiment, if it was not true
then, is very nearly true now, as near as I can
learn. I have already alluded to the fact that
northern men cannot travel or do business in the
southern section of this country—so we read in
the papers. Great numbers of merchants on their
way doing business, were lately turned back.
There was no particular accusation against them [.
that I can hear, only tjiat they came from a sec- i.
tion of country of which the southern people are
exceedingly jealous, and, 1 must say, intoleiant.
If I spoke of there br mg a St ntiment of hostility
between the different pactions, it was because I
lamented and deplored such a state' of feelmr. I
undertook to state my views of a fact either ex-
isting then or that would exist, if the practices
which I condemned were persevered in. and it is
so now. I stand here now to deprecate it. Why,
sir, who does not know that there is but very
little intercourse existing even between members
upon this floor from different sections of the coun-
try? There is not that cordial greeting and good
fellowship that I should like to see, Uiat every-
body ought to desire to see. Mr. President, it is
lamentably so, and if jt is eensurable^to allude to
it, and stat" it as a fact, and a fact to be deplored,
I may be censurable.
There is one thing more which I will notice in
passing. The principal reason why I undertook
to speak to-day, was on account of personal al-
lusions to myself: otherwise i should have said
nothing on tins subject; but the Senator from
Georgia [Mr. Ivr.usox] saw fit, in his place m
the Senate, (o assail my colleague in the House
of Representatives, (Mr. Sherman.) and to im-
peach him because of a transaction which he char-
acterized as exceedingly dishonorable and derog-
atory, as 1 understood lum, to the character of a
gentleman, and which he thought should go to
destroy that confidence that is reposed m one ,so
situated. When I heard his denunciations t was
happy to find that the Senator did not accuse Mr.
Sherman of any erroneous vote, or of any wrong-
action. Mr. SnnuMvxS course, in the other
branch of Congress, has been known of all men
for some four years past. He has been a very
active and a \ery worthy member; and if their
wag anything wrong in any principle thnt Ik1 has
advocated or any vote that he has <;iven, I am
sure that tin1 vigilance of that astute Senator would
have found it out. 1 say.then, 1 was exceedingly
gratified to find that my friend m tin; other House
was so little assailable upon this lloor or anywhere
else. We consider lum as one of the brightest
ornaments of the State of Ohio. That great"State
seeks to do him honor, and 1 rejoice to know that
the great paity to which I belong repose in him
the utmost ccnfrdenco. They have found noth-
ing 111 him but what they approve: and the Sena-
tor, after all his investigations,eonld find nothing-
more than this: that Mr. Sherman had recom-
mended the circulation of a certain book. Now,
I want to ask the Senator if there is anything in
that book that he thinks dangerous to the people
of any section of this countiy ? 3 want to know-
fro m that Senator, if he behoves that that book
cannot safely be uitu.sted to the lunds of any
fr< eman in this Government' The Senator does
not choose to answer ni".
Mr. IVERSON. Mr President, I do not
choose to stulrny myself by answering any such
question as that. It is tuu apparent to any man of
common sense vrJio has read the book, what would
be the effect if iu> 11 commendations weie carried
out.
Mr. WADE. Well, sir, since the question has
been up, I have taken some pains to look through
that book; and I find nothing there but arguments
addicsscd by a non-slavi holder of a siavehoiding
Ste tc to his fellow non-slaveholders m those States,
laying down ruks and regulations for their pro-
ceedings, nnd arguing tins great question of sla-
very as it, affects the interests of non-slaveholders
in theslaveholdjngStates. Unless such arguments
are unlawful there, I see nothing in the book but
what is just, right, and proper for the. consider-
ation of all men who take an interest in these
matters. Why, sir, has it come to this, in free
America, that there must be a censorship of the
press instituted; that a man cannot give currency
to a book containing arguments that he thinks es-
sentially affect the rights of whole classes of the
free population of this nation ? I hope not, and
I believe not.
Why, sir, the great body of the statistical in-
formation in that book, as 1 read it, is drawn from
the census of the United States, from your public
documents, and from the archives of the nation.
Is it improper that arguments deduced from these
sources should be addressed to the free population
of this country anywhere ? If they may not be,
it is the hardest argument against the spirit of this
institution that I have seen yet. If we really have
among us an institution that we are cherishing
and sticking to spread broadcast over the land, so
delicate in its texture that the free people cannot
have information that they themselves claim, 1
say again, it is fraught with an inference more
fatal to that institution than any I have heard of
yet.
Mr. President, I have pursued this subjectmuch
further than I intended when I arose. I have
heard the muttering thunder of disunion greeting
my ears through all the southern hemisphere.
All your principal papers have already fixed upon
a contingency when this Union shall end. In
some of the southern States, if I read aright, pro-
ceedings are pending now having'for their object
the overturning of this Government, and the erec-
tion upon its ruins of a southern confederacy; and
this idea is brought into the Flails of Congress,
and we are compelled to listen by the hour to
speeches filled with denunciations of our party,
telling us that the Union is to be dissolved if the
people elect as President an honorable man, of a
great predominant party, holding to principles
precisely such as the old fathers of the Govern-
ment held. The Republican platform is nothing
more nor less than the old Republican platform
marking the landmarks of the Government as laid
down by them; we claim no more; we claim to
live up to those doctrines: we claim not to harm
the hair of the head of any section of this Union;
and yet we are to be told by the hour that if we
succeed in wresting this Government from your
hands, and placing a constitutional man in that
great office, according to the forms of the Consti-
tution. you will nevertheless make this a contin-
gency on which you will disrupt and destroy the
Government.
I say to gentlemen on the other side, these are
very harsh doctrines to preach 111 our ears. What, ,
sir, are yon <romg to play this game of statesman-
sill]) with ns? Will you go into the election with
us, wi*h a settled purpose and design that if you
win you will take all the honors and the emolu-
ments and oflices of the Government into your
own clutches; but if we win, you will break tip
the establishment and turn your backs on us? Is
that the fair dealing to which we arc invited? I
am happy to know that you propose to make that
contingency turn upon an event that will make it
impossible to be consummated. The Govern-
ment, to-day, is all in your hands: it has been in
your hands for years; you are partaking of all its
emoluments, ail iis measures you have molded,
and you have designated the men who receive its
honors. Year after year yon have done this, and
men have come here irom the free States, men
holding our opinions, we have sat here patiently,
but we have hten deprived of all the honors and
emoluments that flow from this Government, as
though we were its enemies; but did we ever com-
plain- Not at all. We did not expect that wo
should share any of those favors, unless it should
be so that our glorious principles should com-
mend themselves to a large majority of the peo-
ple of these United States.
But, sir, if it should turn out so—and Heaven
only knows whether it will ornot—I give gentle-
men now to understand,this Union. wiJl not easily
be disrupted. Gentlemen talk about it in a very
business-like way, as though it were a magazine
to be blown tip whenever you touch tin* fire to it;
as if, 011 a given day, at a moment's warning, at
your own election, at any time and m any event,
Sou can dissolve the bonds of this great Union.
10 you not know, sir, that this great fabric has
