1164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
Very well, let tis meet the denial and see how the
matter stands. Are they anti-slavery ? By no
means. They will not themselves make any such
pretensions. Not one of them dares rise in his
place here and speak of slavery as Jefferson spoke
of it. Not one of them dares adopt here the lan-
guage of the fathers of the Republic in regard to
this institution; for, the moment Be may do so, he
knows right well he will be summarily read out
of the party'and stigmatized as a Black Republi-
can.
Well, if these northern Democrats are not anti-
slavery in their views, are they not necessarily
pro-slavery? I hold, sir, that on this question, at
the present time, there can be no middle or neutral
ground. It is really the only vital question in
American politics. It is the great and exciting
subject of uiscourse in all places, upon all occa-
sions, among all classes. The press, the pulpit,
and the forum, have each caught up the mighty
theme, and are everywhere speaking to earnest
and appreciative audiences of the nature and ten-
dencies of the institution. And, sir, at such a
time, can an intelligent, a thoughtful man, any-
where in this Republic say, "I am neither for
slavery nor against it?" Much less can any man
rise here, after all that has transpired in this Hall,
and declare that he is neither pro-slavery nor anti-
slavery—that it. is to him matter of indifference
whether the institution is confined to its present
limits and doomed to speedy extinction, or spread
over all the land and perpetuated through all com-
ing time.
Mr. Chairman, neutrality in this warfare is not
possible; indifference is not possible. Everyman's
heart is on the one side or the other. Every man,
to a greater or less degree, sympathizes with the
Republican or Democratic party. If with the
former,itis because of his anti-slavery tendencies;
if with the latter, because of his pro-slavery tend-
encies. Hence I conclude that northern Demo-
crats on this floor are pro-slavery in sentiment;
for I will not charge them with acting in opposi-
tion to their convictions.
But, sir, I have other reasons for classing them
with their southern associates here as pro-slavery
men. Their acts have shown them to be such.
How long, how bitterly, how factiously they op-
posed the organization of this House under anti-
slavery auspices! How earnestly they labored to
secure the election of a pro-slavery man to the
Speakership ! They resisted the election of Mr.
Sherman, because of his anti-slavery views,; yet
cheerfully, persistently, voted for ultra pro-sla-
very southern Democrats. They set the seal of
their condemnation upon all anti-slaveryism,by
opposing its advocates; while they most emphati-
cally appioved the pro-slavcryism of their south-
ern brethren, by giving to its championsa zealous
and cordial support. Sir,if the tree is to be judged
by its fruits; if the real sentiments of men are to
be learned from their acts, the conclusion is irre-
sistible that these Administration Democrats from
th<* free States are pro-slavery men.
But, Mr. Chairman, I go further still, and cite
their own language to prove against them the
charge of pro-slaveryism. It will be admitted, I
presume, that if there be any tendency to anti-
slavery views among the Democratic members of
this House, it will be found with those adhering
to the popular-sovereignty doctrinesof Mr. Doug-
las. Well, sir, what do those men say ? On the
17th of December last, a member from Wisconsin
[Mr. Larrabee] said:
" If I lived in a southern territory, among southern men,
where slaveiy existed, I would own slaves myself. I would
not think that I was therefore guilty of any moral wrong."
Sir, in this brief extract the whole question is
yielded, slavery is justified, and its expansion
approved.
On the 9th of the same month, Mr. Logan, of
Illinois, said:
" Ercry fugitive that hat been arreted in Illinois, or in
any of the western States—and I call Illinois a western
Slate, lor 1 am ashamed longer to cail itanoithem State
—!ui$ Lccn made by Democrats. In Illinois the Democrats
have all that work to do. You call it the dirty work of the
Democratic party to catch fugitive slaves for the southern
people. TVe are willing to perform that dirty u-orA."
Mr. Chairman, these are truthful words. Every
fugitive .slave arrested in the western States is ar-
rested by Democrats. And t thank God it is so;
for 1 could not find it m my heart to hold political
fellowship with men who lend themselves as will-
ing instruments to hunt down the panting fugi-
tive. And, sir, it is also true that we regard this
slave-catching as "dirty work"—very "dirty
work." Outside the Democratic party, nobody
can be found in the Northwest so low, so dead,
to all the better feelings of the hunwf) heart, as to
engage in this most despicable business. And does
it not afford conclusive proof—" confirmation
strong as holy writ"—of the truth of my charge
that the Democratic is a pro-slavery party ?
But listen to still another witness—and he is
no other than the acknowledged leader of the
northern wing of the Democratic party. On the
23d of January, he [Mr. Douglas] said in his
place in the Senate:
" I say this: If the people of Kansas want a slave State,
it is their business and not mine; if they want a free State,
they have a right to it; and hence, I do not care, so far as
regards my action, whether theymakc it a free Stateornot;
it is none of my business. But the Senator [Mr. Fessen-
den] says lie does care, he has a preference between fice-
dom and slavery. How long would lie care if he was a sugar
plantei in Louisiana residing on his estate, instead of living
m Maine? Sir, I hold the doctrine that a wise statesman
will adapt his laws to the wants, conditions, and interests
of the people to be governed by them. Slavery may be very
essential in one chmato and totally useless m another. If
I were a citizen of Louisiana, I would vote for retaining and
maintaining slavery, because I believe the good of that people
would require it. As a citizen of Illinois I am utterly op-
posed to it, because our interests would not be promoted
by it."
Observe, Mr. Douglas " does not care whether
Kansas is a free State or notand only opposes
slavery in Illinois " because the interests of the State
would not be promoted by it!" It is solely a
question of " interest.'* Justice,conscience, have
nothing to do in the settlement of this great prob-
lem. The law of God and the rights of man are
contemptuously ignored. And this, too, comes
from a man who is put forward by northern Dem-
ocrats as their favorite candidate for the Presi-
dency. Surely, no further proof is required to
show the pro-slavery character of the leaders of
the northern wing of the Democracy. That there
are thousands of honest men in the ranks of that
party who will repudiate these sentiments, and
the leaders who utterthem, and seek, through the
Republican organization, to give expression to
their real views in the approaching presidential
campaign, I most sincerely believe.
But, Mr. Chairman, I charge further that the
Democratic is a disunion party. And on this
charge, as I will proceed to show, the proof is
equally conclusive with that which has been ad-
duced to show its pro-slavery character.
Often, I might say almost daily, during the
long contest for the Speakership, have threats of
a dissolution of the Union been repeated in this
Hail. And whence come they? Not from the
Republican side. Not once has^this treasonable
threat been made on this side the House. Not
once has it fallen from Republican hps. I assert,
sir, without fear of contradiction, that every threat
of a dissolution of this Confederacy of States made
on this floor since the assembling of Congress, has
come from members of the Democratic party.
For a few minutes, sir, let me call the attention
of gentlemen to a few of the many remarks of
this character to which we have been compelled
to listen. It is not a pleasant task, but it is proper
it should be done. The country should know
what Democracy is here at the capital.
Referring to the record, we find that scarcely a
day passed, during the long contest for the elec-
tion of Speaker, in which some Democrat in good
standing in the party, did not prescribe the terms
on which alone the Union can be perpetuated.
On the 7th of December, the third day of the
session, Mr. Garnett, of Virginia, said:
" You must go home to your people, and must put down
this abolition spirit. You must repeal the laws with which
you have polluted your statute-books to nullify that pro-
vision of the Constitution which protects the value of our
slave propeity along the borders; lor we do not mean to
%tay in the Union until you have converted the border
States into free States, and so demoralized and enervated
our strength. You mu^t pass laws at home, condemning
and subjecting to (he hands of justice the men who advi.se
and the men who plot and the men who engage in these in-
" suirectionaiy attempts. You must do for us what we do
for foieign nations, and what they do lor every country
with which they are at peace. Unlets you do pass such
laws, unless you do put down this spirit of abolitionism,
the Union will be short."
Mr. Pryor, of the same State, said:
"We have threatened and resolved, and resolved and
thicatened, and backod out l'rom our threats and recanted
our resolutions, until, so help me God, I will nevei utter
"another threat or another le.solution; but, as the stroke fol-
lows the lightning's flash, so, with me, acts shall be coin-
cident and commensurate with words."
And Mr. De Jarnette, als®, of the Old Do-
minion, speaking of Mr. Seward, said:
"You may elect him President of the North ; but of the
South, never. Whatever the event may be, others may dif-
fer; but Virginia, in view of her ancient ienown,in view
of her illustrious dead, in view of lier sic semper tyranfli$}
will resist his authority."
Subsequently, Mr. Moore, of Alabama, said:
" 1 do not concur with the declaration made yesterday
bv the gentleman from Tennessee, that the election of a
Black Republican to the-Presidency was not cause for a
dissolution of the Union. Whenever a President is elected
by a fanatical majority at the North, those whom I repre-
sent, as I believe, and the gallant State which I in part
represent, are ready, let the consequences be what they
may, to fall back on their reserved rights and say : 1 As to
this Union, wo have no longer any lot or part in it.5 "
Mr. Pugh, of the same State, in a very care-
fully-prepared and well-considered speech, said:
" If, with the character of the Government well defined,
and the rights and privileges of the parties to the compact
clcaily asserted by the Democratic party, the Black Repub-
licans get possession of the Government, then the question
is fully presented, whether the'southern States will remain
m the Union, as subject and degraded colonies, or will
they withdraw, and establish a southern confederacy of
coequal homogeneous sovereigns?
" tn my judgment, the latter is the only course compati-
ble with the honor, equality, and safety of the South; and
the sooner it is known and acted upon the better for all
parties to the compact.
"The truest conservatism and wisest statesmanship
demand a speedy termination of all association with such
confederates, and the formation of another union of States,
homogeneous in population, institutions, interests, and
pursuits."
And these gentlemen are sustained in their dis-
union sentiments by their colleague, [Mr.CuRRT,]
who said:
" However distasteful it may be to my friend from New
York, [Mr. Clare,] however much it may revolt the pub-
lic sentiment or conscience of this country, \ am not
ashamed or afraid publicly to avow that the election of
William II. Seward or Salmon P. Chase, or any such
representative of the Republican party, upon a sectional
platform, ought to be resisted to the disruption of cvety tie
that bwcls this Confederacy togethei. [Applause on the
Democratic side of the House.]"
Mr. Gartrell, speaking " for the people of
Georgia," marks out the course to be pursued by
them in case of the election of a Republican Pres-
ident. He says:
" I need not tell what I, as a southern man, will do—I
think 1 may safely speak for the masses of the people of
Gcoigia—that when that event happens, they, in my judg-
menti will consider itanoveit act, a declaration of war,
and meet immediately in convention, to take into consid-
eration the mode and measmc of icdress. That is my po-
sition; and if that be treason to the Government, make the
most of it."
And his colleague, [Mr. Crawford,] speaking,
ns he declares, the sentiment of every Democratic
Representative from the State of Georgia on this
floor, thus boldly avows disunion sentiments:
" I want the question tested between you and us. J want
it settled. I want to know whether we, are to be con-
trolled, whether we are to be limited to where slavery now
exist*, or whether wc are to have libcitytogob°yond. We
have now four million slaves, tn some twenty-five years
hence we will have eight million. We demand expansion.
We will have expansion, in spite of the Republican party,
and all the Abolitionists of the Old ami of the New World.
[Applause fiom the Democratic benches and thcgailcues.]'
"Now, in regard to the election of a Black Republican
President, I have this to say, and I speak the sentiment of
every Democrat on thisfloorfiom the State of Geoigia: we
will never submit to the inauguration of a Black Repub-
lican President. [Applause from the Democratic benches,
and hisses from the Republicans.] I repeat it, sir—and I
have authority to say so—that no Democratic llepies^nta-
tivc from Georgia on tins floor will ever submit to the inau-
guration of a Black Republican President. [Renewed ap-
plause and hisses.]" * * r * "The mo=t
confiding of them all arc, sir, for < equality in tl>e Union oi in-
dependence out of ithaving lost all hope of the foimer, I
am for ' independence now and independence for-
ever " "
Mr. Boniiam spoke for South Carolina, say-
ing:
"As to disunion, upon the election of a Black Repub-
lican, I can speak for no one but myself and those T have
here the honor to repiesent; and I say, without hesitaion,
that upon the election of Mr Seward, or any othei man
who indorses and proclaims the doctrines held" by him and
his pany—call hirn by what name you please—f am in favor
of an immediate dissolution of the Union. And, sir, 1 think
I speak the sentiments of my own constituents, and the
State of South Carolina, when I say so."
Mr. Boyce, also of South Carolina, said:
" Should this partv acquire the ascendancy in the Fed-
eral Government, the southern States will have presented
to them the gravest question tlmtcun be forced on the con-
sideration or' political communities. For my own part, I
think they will be blind not to perceive the puiposes of this
parly, and infatuated not to act accordingly.'"
And still another member from South Carolina
[Mi. Kkitt] declared that:
" Should the Republican party succeed in the next presi-
