1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1165
dentiaJ election, my advice to the South is to snap the cords
of the Union at once and foicver.''
Mr. McRae, of Mississippi, thus speaks for
the Democracy of that State:
" I f aid to my constituents, and to tlie people at the cap-
ital ol* my State, on my way here, that if such an event did
occur, while it would be then duty to determine the course
which the State would puisue, it would be my privilege to
•coun&eJ with them d-> to what I believed to be the propel
course ; and 1 said to them, what I say now and will always
say in such an event, that my counsel would he to take in-
dependence outot the Union m prelerenec to the loss of
constitutional rights, and consequent degiadation and dis-
honor, in It. That is my position, and it is the position which
{know the Democratic party oi the State of Mississippi will
maintain."
Mr. Singleton, of the same State, said:
" You ask me when will the time come ; when will the
South be united? It will be when you elect a Black Repub-
lican—Hale, Seward, or Chas.e—President ot the United
States. Whenever you undertake to elect such a man to
preside over the destinies of the South, you mayexpect to
«ee us undivided and indivisible friends, and to see all par-
ties oi the South ariajed to resist his inauguration."
* k * * * *****
" We can never quietly stand by and permit the contiol
of the Army and Navy to go into the hands of a Black Re-
publican President."
Another member from Mississippi [Mr. Davis]
said:
'• Gentlemen of the Republican party, I warn you. Pre-
sent yeur sectional candidate for 1860; elect him as the
representative of your system of labor; take possession of
the Government, as theWtiument of your power in this
contest of1 irrepi essible conflict,' and we of the South will
tear this Constitution in pieccs, and look to our guns for
justice and right against aggression and wrong."
Mr. Chairman, I might occupy the whole of the
hour allotted mo in thus repeating what has been
uttered by the Democracy on this floor in favor
of a dissolution of the Union of these States. But
1 will not do it. I have no desire to pursue the
ungracious task. Yet I should not do justice to
the subject did I not repeat here what was said
by the member from Texas, [Mr. Hamilton,] on
the 27th of January last. He said:
" Much has been said of the Union, and love for the Union,
on one hand, and much of the Union, and dissolution of the
Union, on the othei. 1 am not about to pioreed to givi1 my
view* upon the merits of questions that have been discussed
during the session. 1 contont myselt with making tins rc-
maik, though it giate harshly upon the ears of some, that
whatever love may be excited for the Union on the one
hanft, and whatever may be declared on the other m refer-
ence to iU disiuptiou ; whatever may be s-aid by some to
maintain it at all hazards, I believe that a dissolution of the
Union is this day upon us. The Union, sir, is being dis-
solved now. It mav be in the powei ot the conservative
elements of this House to arrest it; but that cannot be done
by the election of a Black Republican Speaker. I believe
that I represent as conservative a constituency as any gen-
tleman upon this floor; a people who are as devoted to the
Union j a people, sir, who have, I think, manifested that
devotion by as much libdVahty and unselfishness, by yield-
ing up what no other State m this Union has yielded, a sep-
arate and independent nationality m order to participate in
this Confederacy which we all profess so much to love; and
yet that same State, that same people, aie now solemnly
resolving that it is better that the wheels of Government
should be arrested \vh<>re they are to-day, and ho organiza-
tion ever effected, than that the candidate of the Repub-
lican paity shall be elected and placed in the Speaker's
chair."
What gives special significance and importance
to this extiact, Mr. Chairman, is the fact that the
gentleman who uttered it was for some days a
candidate for Speaker of this House, and received,
with perhaps a single exception, the united vote
of all members on this floor in regular standing
in the Democratic party. Northern and north-
western Democrats who opposed the election of
Mr. Sherman—an anti-slavery,Union-loving man
—with a bitterness unparalleled m our history,
with the utmost alacrity wheeled into line with
the disunionists of the South, and cast their votes
for one who, as if impatient of delay, declares
"the Union is being dissolved now !"
Can it be, Mr. Chairman, that this is sound
Democracy? Is tlua doctrine palatable to the Dem-
ocrats of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, and
Wisconsin? Whether it be or not, let it be ever
remembered, their Representatives on this floor
unitedly cast their votes for the member who
uttered it.
I might, sir, adduce additional proof of the
truth of the proposition that the Democratic is a
disunion party, by reference to elaborate speeches
made recently in the other end of the Capitol.
But I will not pause for that. A single fact will
show that the same spirit of disunion, the same
disregard of the Constitution, the saige wild and
reckless fanaticism, find favor there, and in the
Executive mansion, as well as here.
Our Democratic President recently nominated,
and a Democratic Senate confirmed, Hon. Charles
J. Faulkner as Minister to France. This was a
deliberate act on the part of the President, a de-
liberate act on the part of the Senate, and a very
significant act in the present posture of political
affairs. Mr. Faulkner's position was well known;
and that position was most emphatically indorsed
by the Executive when he nominated him, and by
tho Democratic side of the Senate when it voted
solid for his confirmation. At a Democratic meet-
ing, held not long since in Virginia, over which
Mr. Faulkner presided, be said:
" When that noble and gallant son of Virginia, Henry A.
Wise, declared, as was said he did in October, 18.56, that,
if Frfimont should be elected, he would seize tim na-
tional arsfnal at flarper'& FkKIIY. JlOW low V.'Ollld, at
that time, have justified so bold and 'decided a measure ?
It is the fortune of some greet and gijted minds to sec far-in
adcanceof their contemporaries. Should William H. Sew-
ard be elected in 1860, where is the man now in our midst
who would not call for the impeachment of a Governor of
Virginia who would silently suffer that armory to pass under
the control of such an executive hcad V''
All! Mr, Chairman, it is the men holding these
treasonable sentiments, the men who threaten to
" tear the Constitution in pieces," and " disrupt
every tie that binds this Confederacy together,"
that are the pets and favorites of modern Democ-
racy. These are the men that rule the party and
the nation at home, and are sent to misrepresent
us abroad. And sir, how that party must have
fallen, how entirely it must have forgotten or
ignored the teachings of the fathers, and how
wickedly it betrays its trust, when thus it strength-
ens the hands of those that preach treason, and
crowns with high honors the fiercest enemies of
this Confederacy of States !
Mr. Chairman, I will not pursue this investiga-
tion further. Enough, and more than enough, has
been done to prove that the President and the
Democratic party in both branches of Congress
sanction disunion as well as pro-slavery doctrines.
I turn from the black record chagrined, humili-
ated. It is a sad thought that scoies of honorable
members, our own fellow-countrypicn, sworn
with us to support the Constitution, and pledged
to labor for the honor and welfare of the whole
Confederacy, should be found willing to rise ill
their places here, and declare that the Union shall
not survive the election of a Republican President.
I say, sir, it is a sad, a humiliating thought. But
I say, at the same time, there is 110 terror in these
threats. They have been often heard before, and
the people of the free States have learned to look
for their repetition at the appioach of every pres-
idential campaign. And these very threats have
contributed immeasurably to awaken tho freemen
of the North to the real dangers that beset the coun-
try. Lister.ng to these treasonable sentiments
they have asked: "How and why is this?" And
with all their native shrewdness, their indomita-
ble energy, and a devotion to country unsurpassed
by any race of men, they have turned to a care-
ful and thorough investigation of political affairs.
And what have tlpey discovered?
They have found the General Government ex-
clusively pro-slavery ill its character.
They have found it devoted to the extension of
slavery.
They have found it devoted to the perpetuation
of slavery.
They have found it ignoring the rights and in-
terests of free labor, and devoting its energies to
the defense and support of slave labor.
They have found it denying all aid to harbor
and river improvements, so much needed for the
protection of our commerce, and squandering its
millions of money upon party favorites and for
party purposes.
Tliev have found it ready and anxious to ac-
quire southern territory, without regard to cost
ill men or money, but tamely yielding when our
northern boundaries are in dispute.
They have found it offering millions upon mil-
lions for the purchase of Cuba, with its mongrel
horde of ignorant slaves and vicious freemen,
while it was compelled to issue Treasury notes to
defray its ordinary expenses. ,
They have found, in fact, that there is, back of j
the Government, and stronger than the Govern- |
ment, a power that for years has ruled the coun-
try with tyrannic and despoticsway. That power
is slavery. It has made Senators and Cabinets
and Presidents. It has made platforms for par-
ties, and decisions for the courts. It has^ made
compromises, used them for its own benefit, and
violated them when they were no longer service-
able It has sought, by fraud and by force,.to
control the new regions of the West, and for this
purpose has used, as its willing instruments,:the
national Government and its horde of dependants.
All these things, and many more, Mr. Chair-
man, have the people of the free States learned of
the action, and the power which controls, the
action, of the Federal Government. And ottt of
this knowledge, out of this state of feets, legiti-
mately and necessarily, sprang the Republican
organization.
Mr. Chairman, a more agreeable task now de-
volves upon me than that which I have been per-
forming. There are yet bright spots in American
politics. There is yet hope for the country. The
people own tho Government, and they will pre-
serve it. They will rescue it from the unworthy
hands into which it has fallen. They will purge
it of corruption, and restore it to its original pu-
rity. They will make it once more an agency
for good, not an instrument oppression. They
will see that it is no longer destructive of the ends
for which it was instituted, but that it is admin-
istered "for the benefit of the governed." To
do this is the mission of the Republican party—
a high and holy mission, whicil, I trust, it will
fearlessly and conscientiously fulfill. •
1 doubt, Mr. Chairman,.whether any political
party in the United States has ever been more fe-
rociously assailed, more malignantly traduced, or
more recklessly belied, than the one of which I
speak. And it is in view of this fact that I pro-
pose briefly to examine the position-of the people
of the free States upon the subject of slavery, that
I may show what Republicanism is, and what it
is not.
All will readily admit that the masses in those
States are, to a greater or less degree, anti-slavery
in sentiment. The most radical portion are those
who sympathize with and follow the lead of Wil-
liam Lloyd Garrison. This class i? confined
chiefly to New England, and even there is not
numerous. These men regard the Constitution
of the United States as a pro-slavery instrument;
in this respectfully agreeing with the disunionists
ofthc South. And, if I am notmistaken, theyjoin
the fire-eaters of the South in clamoring for dis-
union. And 1 may here say jlhat they are the
only disunionists to be found anywhere in the free
States. There is no other portion of our anti-sla-
very population that seeks or desires to break up
the Union.
From this class of anti-slavery men, earnest and
enthusiastic and self-sacrificing as they are, the
South has nothing to fear. They will neitherhold
office themselves, nor aid in elevating others to
office. They utterly refuse to resort to the ballot-
box to right th® wrongs of which they complain;
and being non-resistants, they will never join in
a hostile crusade against the peculiar institution.
They preach against slavery, pray against sla-
very, and print against slavery; leaving it to the
Republicans to vote against it, and to " the sword
of the Lord and of Gideon" to fight against it.
The second class of anti-slavery men are those
who sympathize with Gerritt Smith. They re-
gard the Constitution of the United States as an
anti-slavery instrument. They believe that the
Federal Government has the power, and that it is
its duty, to abolish slavery throughout the whole
land—'' to break every yoke, and let the oppressed
go free." This class of men resort to the ballot-
box to right the wrongs of which they complain.
This party, though more numerous than the Gar-
risonians, embraces in all the free States but a few
thousand men. Its chief strength, I believe, is
in the State of New York; yetthere it only polled
five thousand four hundred and seventy votes, m
an aggregate of five hundred and forty-four thou-
sand eight hundred and sixteen; being but u very
small fraction o-ver the one hundredth partof the
entire vote of the State. It cannot show the same
relative strength m any other State; and I believe
it is safe to say, that not one in two hundred of
the voting population of the free States can be
legitimately classed with this party.
The next and last class of anti-slavery men is
that with which it is my privilege and my pnde
to act; that class which is largely represented on
this floor, and which embraces within its organi-
zation ail overwhelming majority of the peuple-of
the free States. It is that class which is known
to candid people, and to all gentlemen, as the Re-
