1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3053
amount per year, or they can run the whole thing
through in a single year. I find that, according to
the provisions of this amendment,these contract-
ors have a right to call on the Treasury Department
for payment/or the work as it progresses, and the
Secretary of the Treasury is obliged to meet the
demand. Now, 1 am opposed to this whole sys-
tem of publishing books by Congress. It was
intended and calculated and said, when we were
proposing to increase the compensation of mem-
bers in the Thirty-Fourth Congress, that this
system of publishing books, which was inaugu-
rated about the Thirty-Third Congress, should be
put a stop to. 1 mean to abide by that under-
standing in good faith. I am willing to carry out
the termsof the contract made with Gales&§eaton
by the act of 1858; but I am satisfied that the prop-
osition now before us means something more than
what appears on the surface, and that if we adopt
it we shall find, when it is too late, that we have
got our foot into the hopple.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PETTIT. I have been a little familiar
with this matter, from the fact that the proposi-
tion which originated this publication came from
a committee with which 1 had the honor to be
connected m the Thirty-Fifth Congress, and was
reported by myself. 1 feel, therefore, that I am
at liberty to correct what I believe is a misappre-
hension on the pait of the gentleman from Geor-
gia, as to the supposed cost of* this work. In the
first place, I think I bear in mind the remark made
by Governor Letcher, in the last Congress, and,
if I am not mistaken, he himself subsequently
corrected it. Originally the Library Committee,
after a careful examination of the subject, sup-
posed that the work would reach thirty-four vol-
umes, of which an edition of two thousand, atfive
dollars a volume, would reach exactly the amount
of §340,000, the amount limited in the law which
authorized the publication, and which is incorpo-
rated m the original contract. It will thus be seen
that it was first contemplated that the costof pub-
lication simply would be five dollars a volume,
and nothing less. This, of course, did not em-
brace the expense of compiling and preparing
copy for the press. I think that no opinion to the
contrary has been expressed, except, perhaps,
that mistaken opinion of Governor Letcher, to
which 1 this moment referred.
Mr. Chairman, I have felt from the beginning
the great importance of accomplishing this work.
It is the great storehouse of our history. It is a
collection of all valuable matter m our history
properly arranged and indexed, so that there is no
subject to which ready access cannot thus be had.
It was found, from an examination of the matter,
that from the year 1824 to the year 1841, there was
but very little documentary matter printed. It ex-
isted principally in manuscript, and was wholly
unfamiliar to the statesmen of the present time.
"What was valuable was found scattered in eight
hundred printed volumes of public documents,
without indexes, many large folio volumes of
manuscript, and heaps of detached papers, which
made it an almost impossible work to find out
anything. It was to correct that that this work
was undertaken. Gentlemen on this floor, and
the public at large, are more familiar with our
history prior to 1821, through the first series of
State Papers, which collated our history to that
time, than they are with that of the more recent
period which is almost within the recollection of
all of us. It was with a\iew of rescuing this por-
tion of our history, and of preserving it in an en-
during and substan tial form, and of at ranging these
•valuable materials, so as to bring them to every-
body's hand, that this thing was undertaken. It
was especially with a view to the preservation of
those loose and fugitive archives, existing m mere
manuscript, for which there was very little se-
curity.
I hold in my hand a volume of this work; and
I respectfully submit that, for fidelity of execu-
tion on the part of the Secretary of the Senate
and Clerk of the House of Representatives, in
everything that is required to make the work use-
ful, and for fidelity in the mechanical portion of
the work, it is unequaled by anything published
at any time heretofore by order of Congress. It
is worth to the nation—it is worth to the nation
for the use of us, who sit here in the character
of legislators, in the course of a single Congress,
more" than the whole work cost. As a collection
of our history, of what has been thought and
done by the great men who founded and built up
our greatness, it conduces more to the national
honor, than this painted and gilded Capitol. I
have an objection, therefore, Mr. Chairman, to
any modification that is likely to arrest the com-
pletion of the work. So far as the original con-
tract is compared with this one, there may be,
perhaps, some difference of opinion. I do not
think, myself, that there is any considerable dif-
ference between the two. It will be observed that
there are three modifications, all of which are sub-
stantial, and all of which go to the advantage of the
Government. In the first place, the volumes are
enlarged to the extent of one thousand pages,
whereby the cost is increased nearly ten percent.
In the next place, there isadeduction in price on
the old work of fifteen per cent. Then, in ad-
dition to that, Gales &. Seaton are required to do
the clerical work connected with it, which may
be regarded as equal to &2,000 for each volume.
Mr. DAVlSj of Maryland. 1 move that the
committee rise, for the purpose of terminating
debate on this amendment.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I have here the contract
made between Wendell and Gales & Seaton; and
I hope that my colleague on the committee will
not ask to close debate till I have an opportunity
of having this contract read. %
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Certainly not. 1
will move to close debate in five minutes after the
committee shall have resumed the consideration
of the bill. That will affbid the gentleman from
Georgia all the time he needs for that purpose.
The question was taken on the motion to rise;
and it was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
Washburn, of Maine, having taken the chair as
Speaker pro tempore, Mr. Branch reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had under consideration the Union
generally, and particularly the Senate amend-
ments to House bill No. 501, making appropua-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the year ending 30th 3 une, 1801, and had come
to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move that all
debate on the pending amendment of the Senate,
and on the amendments thereto, shall close within
ten minutes after the committee shall have re-
sumed their consideration.
Mr. PHELPS. I suggest to the gentleman
from Maryland to modify lus motion, and say
twenty minutes.
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I have made my
motion.
Mr. PHELPS. Then I move to amend by
making it twenty minutes.
Mr. WASHBCJRNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend the amendment by making it live min-
utes.
The question was taken on Mr. Wasiiburne's
amendment to the amendment; and it was not
agreed to.
The question was then taken on Mr. Piielps's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY, (at nine o'clock and fifty min-
utes, p. m.) I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Davis, of Maryland; and it was agreed to.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Maryland how long he thinks it will
require to dispose of these amendments ? If it
will not occupy more than half an hour, I, for
one, am willing to stay here and dispose of them.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Debate is not in
order.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Branch
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the Senate amendments to House bill No. 501,
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending 30th June,
1861.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire now to read to !
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Steyrns"*,]
who has denied that this contract was entered into
by Gales & Seaton and Mr. Wendell, the evi-
dence upon which I made that statement. It will
be found in the testimony taken before the Sen-
ate Committee. (Document 205, page 20.)
The witness is Mr. Wendell, one of the parties to
the contract:
" By Mr. Slideli,:
" Question. Uow large a quantity of work on the State
Papers have you done?
" Answer. About five volumes and a half, I think.
" Question. Will you tell u<? what was your arrange-
ment with Gales & Seaton. You have that paper, I sup-
pose ?
"Answer. It is on file in the Comptroller's office. There
was to be a division ot profits."- * * * *
" Question. Wjll you &tate when the act giving that work
to Galws Seaton was parsed?
" Answer. Two years ago, I believe.
lC Question. You sayth t there is to be a division of the
piofits between you and Gales & Seaton; how are those
profit* to bo ascertained?
" Answer. After all the expenses are paid.
" Question. That must be fixed by the terms of the con-
tract, 1 suppose. What amount of percentage?
u Answer. It depends entirely on what they had to pay
for the picparation of the eopy and the wood-cuts, also for
the maps. What other expenses there are I do not know
yet "
| Another question is asked him, 44 how much
I have you paid Gales &. Seaton?''
" Answer. Thirty thousand dollars.
<( Question. On what terms?
t'Jlnsu. er. The stipulation was, that they were to as-
sign over the first $150,000 of the work, the loanee giving
a stipulation to give me eighty per cent., retaining his
.$30,000 out of it. He retained twenty per ccnt."
Now, here is the contract itself:
Articles of agreement between Gales Seaton and Cornelius
Wendell, relative to the "printing oj the State Papers, exe-
cuted June 30, 1858.
Tlie.se aitieles of agreement, made and entered into this
30th day oi June, m the year 1858, by and between Joseph
Gales and Wiifriam W. Seaton, doing busing* under the
name, style, and fnm of Gales & Seatoa, of the one part,
and Cornelius Wendell, of the other part'"witness: that haul
Cornelius Wendell, for the consideiation hereinatter set
iorth, dues hereby agree and bind himself well and laith-
lally to do and execute all the work, and furnish all the
mateiials necessary therefor, in publishing the two thou-
sand copies of the compilation of congiessional documents
—■which the Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of the
Itou-so of Representatives are directed, by the nineteenth
section of the act of Congress, approved June. 12,1858, en-
titled "An act making appropriations for sundiv civil ex-
P<m o* of the Government tor the year ending June 30,
1859," to make—for the publication of which said Secre-
taiy of the Senate and said Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives, on the 30th day of June, A. D. 185S, contracted
with said Gales & Seaton, and to do and execute said work
and furnish said materials of the kind and quality and in
the manner required by said contract; and said Gales &
Seaton. in consideration of said Wendell's executing the
work to bo done under said contract, and furnishing the
materials thercfoi, in the manner and style and of the qual-
ity required by said contract, agree to pay to him, from the
piice apiped to he paid,or which may be paid lor the same
by the United Suites of America, the cost of executing said
woik and ot the materials used therefor j and al>o to allow
and to pay said Wendell one half of the net piofits accru-
ing from the execution of said work, whether under the
nineteenth section of said act of June 12, 1858, or any other
act which Congress may hereafter pass m reference thereto.
In testimony whereof said Gales St Seaton, and said Cor-
nelius Wendell, have hereunto set their hands and affixed
their seals, on the day-and year first mentioned.
JO. GALES, [seat,.]
W. W. SEATON, [seal.]
„r , , C. WENDELL. [seal.]
Witness: 1 '
Ttios. Donoho,
Wm. W. Moore.
Wendell was not only to get the benefit of the
contract already made, but they went on to stip-
ulate that he should have one half of the net profits
of any contract which might hereafter be made
under a new act of Congress.
Mr. MAYjNTARD. 1 ask the gentleman if he
does not know that that contract has been entirely
abrogated, and is no longer in force?
Mr. CRAWFORD. I say I know no such
thing.
Mr. MAYNARD. I feel authorized to state
that such is the fact.
Mr. CRAWFORD, When you come tome
with statements from the parties sent here within
the last ten minutes, and tell me that there is no
contract, I point you to this testimony, and say
to you " behold the contract 1"
[Fiere the hammer fell.]
Mr. PRYOR. I support the amendment of the
Senate in the interest of economy. I am satisfied
that I am promoting the objects of retrenchment
and reform by advocating a material reduction of
the public expenditure. The gentleman from Geor-
gia, however,contends that the Senate amendment
