2110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
Mr. GILMER. All I have to do is to ask the :
gentleman to read the testimony which is printed
in this book.
Mr. GARTRELL. I have read it; and I ask
the gentleman to put his finger on one line of such
evidence. I state that no human being can point
to one word going to prove that these men resided
in any other congressional district, or in any other
waid of the city of Detroit.
Mr. GILMER. I think very differently; and
1 further think this question has already been suf-
ficiently discussed. There is no evidence that
they did reside even in the congressional district.
Howrigan, who evidently attempted to patch up
the case, said that some of them, he believed, did
live in the congressional district, because he had
seen some of them vote at other precincts in some
other elections in that district. That is all I have
to say. I repeat, that leaving out of question the
irregulaiity atjCrrosse Pointe, at Van Burcn, and
all the other points where irregularities were prac-
ticed, the number of these illegal Howrigan votes,
adde'd to the other illegal votes, admitted and
proved, decide this case.
Mr. COOPER (who was nearly inaudible to
the reporter) was understood to say that, out of
the sixty-one votes attacked at this precinct, six
were excepted by the committee themselves; and
that, according to their own showing, the con-
testant could not overcome his majority.
Mr. GILMER. My fnend falls into an error
from the fact that he has not taken into consid-
eration the fictitious names which appear on the
poll-list. I have now finished what I have to say.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to aslc the
honorable chairman of the Committee of Elec-
tions a question. [Cries of " Question!" "Ques-
tion ! "]
Mr. OLIN. I understand the debate to be
closed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I presume the gen-
tleman fiom .North Carolina has no objection to
answering the question I ask him, which is in ref-
erence to persons from Canada voting. I say that
the testimony which has been referred to, and
which has been wad, only shows that some of
these persons had been temporarily absent from
Detroit. Now, it frequently happens that me-
chanics living in Baltimore go over into Virginia
temporarily to get work, and go back again with-
out losing their residence; and it likewise happens
that petsons living in Alexandria go over to Bal-
timoie to get work, .still letaimng their residence
in Alexandria; so that there is not a pailicle of
evidence that these men, who are represented as
living in Canada, had not their residence really
in the city of Detroit.
Mr. GILMER, i say to my friend from Vir-
ginia that if there is any evidence to show that
any mechanic had his residence bona fide in De-
troit, and went over into Canada in the course of
his business, but came back on election day to
Detroit, his vote could not be questioned.
Mr. HOLMAN. [Cues of "Question!"] I
move that there be a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. The main question having
been ordeivd, that motion would not bo in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. It was certainly the under-
standing that there should he a call of* the House.
Air. 1 fOCJSTON. If n is not in order to move
a call of the House for the purpose of givmggen-
tlemen time to come m, 1 move (o lay the report
and resolutions on the tabic; and upon that I ask
the yeas and nays.
Mr. SHERMAN". I think at this time in'the
day members ought to he m their .scats. If we
are to have these dilatory motions for the purpose
of bringing them in, we shall never get along with
the business.
Mr. HOUSTON. I certainly do not indorse
the absence of gentlemen from the House, j am
myself never absent from the House when busi-
ness is to be done; and therefore the gentleman's
remark does not apply to me.
Mr. GARTRELL. Itwas certainly a distinct
understanding that there was to be a call of the
House when we agreed to have the mam ques-
tion ordered.
Mr. CURTIS. I was going to suggest that 1
think 1 saw the gentleman from Alabama over in
the Senate.
Mr. GARTRELL. I call the gentleman to
order. I say itwas the distinct understanding
that a call of the House was to be ordered; but
for which, we should have voted against ordering
the main question.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there was such an un-
derstanding, I will not objcVt to its being carried
out, although I certainly was no party to it.
Mr. GARTRELL. I will say, in addition,
that when the honorable gentleman from North
Carolina took the floor to make a speech, a good
many of the gentlemen absented themselves.
Several Members. There is no objection to a
call of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. Very well; then I withdraw
my motion.
The roll was then called, and the following
members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Ashley, Bonharn, Boteler, Bouligny, Bianch,
Brown, Burlmgame, Burroughs, Clemens, Corwin, Craw-
ford, Davidson, Dimmiek, English, Farnsworth, JFouke,
Grow, Gurley, Hall, Hawkins, Hmdman, Iloard,
Jackson, Jenkins, Jones,.Keitt, William Kellogg, Kilgore,
Killmgcr, Kunkel, James M. Leach, Leake, Mae lay, Elbeit
S. Maittn, McCIcmand, Montgomery, Sydenham Moore,
Laban T. Mooie, Palmei, Perry, Reagan, Rice, Spanlding,
Stevens, James A. Stewait, Thayer, Vallandigham, Verree,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Webster, Wliiteley, Wilson,
Win&low, Wood, and Woodson.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. FENTON stated that Mr. Grow was de-
tained at Ins room by illness; and that he was
paired for to-dav with Mr. Kunkel.
Mr. UNDERWOOD stated that his colleague,
Mr. Crawford, was paired with Mr. Palmer;
and that Mr. Br\ncii was paired with Mr. Hoard.
Mr. WASHBURN, ot Maine, stated that Mr.
Washburn, of Wisconsin, was paired with Mr.
Moore, of Alabama.
Mr. SHERMAN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Corwxs*, was paired with Mr. Winslow.
Mr. COX stated thathi^ colleague, Mr. Val-
landigiiam, was paired with his other colleague,
Mr. Ashley.
The call of the roll was then concluded.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I hope that absent
members will be sent for to the Senate. I under-
stand that there are several of the members ab-
sent from this side who arc not paired.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that all further pro-
ceedings under the call of the House be dispensed
with'.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the adoption of the following resolutions:
Resolved, That Geoigo B. Coopci is not entitled to a
seat in the Thuty-^i.\ti> Congie**, as the Representative
from the lhst congies.-ional district oi Michigan.
Resolrcd, That* William A. Ilowaid is entitled to a seat
in the Tluity-Sixtii Congicss., a^ the Repietentative from
the fust ootigu'SMonal disiiRi of Michigan.
Mr. GARTRELL. I thought that my amend-
ment was pending.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is correct.
The first question will be taken on the following
resolution:
Resolved, That Geotge B. Cooper is entitled to retain
his seat m the present Congies-s as the Repiebentative of
the fii-it congressional distiict of Michigan.
Mr. BOCOCK. If that amendment be not
adopted, will not the question then recur on the
adoption of the resolutions reported by the ma-
jority of tlu> committee?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. B0C0CK. Then I now give notice that
in that case 1 will call for a separate vote on each
one of the resolutions reported by the majority of
the committee.
Mr. PHELPS. I suggest to the gentleman
from Georgia that he had better withdraw his
proposition, in order that the vote may be directly
taken on the two resolutions of the majority.
That will accomplish the same purpose as would
be accomplished by the gentleman's resolution.
Mr. GARTRELL. I withdraw my amend-
ment. It was upon the suggestion of the gentle-
man from Missouri himself that! proposed my
resolution. If the same object can be accom-
plished by a separate vote on the resolutions of
the majority of the committee, 1 am satisfied.
Mr. MORRIS, of IHinoia. I move that the
whole subject be laid upon the table.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagree d to.
Mr. PHELPS. Now let us have a separate
vote on each resolution of the majoiity report.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the first resolution of the committee, which is as
follows:
Resolved, That George B.Cooper is not entitled to a seat
in the Thirty-Sixth Congress, as the Representative from
the first congressional distiict of Michigan.
Mr. GARTRELL demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 97, nays 77; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chailes F. Adams, Green Adams, Aid-
rich, Alley, William C. Anderson, Babbitt, Beale, Bing-
ham, Blair. BJakc, Brayton, Buffinton, Buinham, Butter-
field, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, Clark B. Cochrane,
Colfax, Co«kJing,Covode,Cuitts, H. Winter Davi?, Dawes,
Delano, Duel!, IJumi, Edgeiton, Edwards,Eliot, Ely, Eth-
eridge, Fonton, Feiry, Foster, Frank, French, Gilmer,
Gooeh, Graham, Hale, J. Moiri'son Ilanis, Helmiek, Ilick-
man, Humphey, Hutchms, livine, Fianeis W. Kellogg,
Kenyon, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Longiiecker, Loomis,
Lovejoy, Marston, Maynard, MeKean, McKnight, 3Mc-
Pherson, Millward,Mooihead, Moinll, Edward Joy Morris,
Morse, Nelson, Nixon, Olin, Perry, Pettit, Porter, Potter,
Pottle, Christopher Robinson, Iioyce, Schwartz, Scianton,
Sedgwick, Sherman, Somes, Spinner. William Stewart,
Stratton, Tappan, Tompkins, Train, Trimble, Vandever,
Van Wyck, Wade, Waldion, Walton, Ellihu B. Wasli-
burne, Israel Washburn, Weils, Wxndom, and Woodiuff
—97.
NAVS—Messrs. Adrain. Allen, Thomas L.Anderson,
Ashmoie, Avery, Baiksdale, Ban, Bairett, Bocock, Boyce,
Brabson, J3nstow, Buich, Buinett, Horace F. Clark, John
B. Claik, Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cox, Burton
Ciaigc, Curry, John G. Davis, Reuben Davis, De Jamette,
Edmundson, Florence,Gatnutt, Gartiell, Hamilton, Harde-
man, John 'J', llairis, I-Iatton, Dolman, Houston. Howard,
Hughes, Jenkins, Lamar, Landiuin, Larrabee, James M.
Leach, Logan, Love, Mallory, Charle-s D. Maittn, Mc-
Queen, McRae, Miles, Millson, Isaac N. Morris, Niblack,
Noell, Pendleton, Pojton, Phelps. Push, Quarle&, Reagan,
Rig§\. James C. Robinson, Rutlio, Rust, Scott, Sickles,
Simai's, Singleton, William Smith, William N. H. Smith,
Stalhvorth, Stevenson, Stokes, Taylor, Thomas, Under-
wood, Vance, and Wngiu—77.
So the resolution was adopted.
During the vote,
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky, stated that his
colleague, Mr. Moore, was paired with Mr. Bo-
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, stated that
Mr. Faxinsworth was paired with Mr. Wood-
son on all political questions.
Mr. JENKINS stated that Mr. Bonham was
paired with Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois, until next
Monday.
Mr. JUNKIN stated that he was paired with
his colleague, Mr. Montgomery.
Mr. McKEAN stated that after to-day, until
Wednesday morning, the 23d instant, he would
be paired with Mr. Miles.
Mr. TRAIN stated that his colleague,Mr. Rice,
was paired with Mr. Pryor.
Mr. FRANK stated that his colleague, Mr.
Spaulding, was paired with Air. Stewart, of
Maryland.
Mr. STANTON stated that he was paired with
Mr. Jackson; and that if they both voted, he
would vote m the affirmative, and Mr. Jackson
in the negative.
Mr. THEAKER, stated that he was paired
with Mr. Davidson.
Mr. CAMPBELL stated that his colleague, Mr.
Vekree, was paired with Mr. Wiiiteley.
Mr. COLFAX stated that Mr. Stevens, of
Pennsylvania, was paired with Mr. Jones; and
that Mr, Thayer was paired with Mr. Leake.
The vote was announced, as above recorded.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
on the adoption of the following resolution:
Resolved, That William A. Ilowaid is entitled to a scat
m the Thnty-Sixth Congress, a<> the Representative fiorn
the first congressional dotuct of Michigan.
Mr. BURNETT demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 92, nays 71; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adam?, Gieen Adams, Ald-
rich, Alloy, William C. Andei^on, Beale, Bingham, Blair,
Blake, lh a.\ton, Bulfniton, Burnham, rmtteificld, Camp-
bell, Caiey, Ca.se, Clark B Cochrane, Colfax, Conkling,
Oovode, H Winter Davis, Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunn,
Ldgciton, Edwards, Eliot. El}, Etheudge, Fenton, Feny,
Fo-ter, Fiank, French,Gilmer, Gooeh, Giaham. J- Jlom-
son ilaiiH, liehnick, Hickman, Humphrey, Ilutehins,
livine, Frinei.-, W. Kcllog-j, Kenyon, DeW'itt C. Leach,
Lee, LongnecKcr, Loomi*, Lovejoy, Mai^ton, McKean,
MeKmght, MePhenon, Milhvaul, Muoihoad, ISIonill, Ed-
waul Joy Moult, Moisc, Nelson, Nixon, Ohn, Perry, Pet-
tit, Portei, Potter, Pottle, Chnstophei Robinson,^Royce,
^ehwatt/., SSianton, Sedgwick, Shuiman, Somes, Spinner,
William Stewait, Stratton, Tappan, Tompkins, Tiain,
