1166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
publican party, to those who have no regard for
the ordinary politeness and no respect for the com-
mon civilities of life—whether they be political
editors or members of Congress—it is known as
the Black Republican party.
This party, Mr. Chairman, holds the political
faith- of the fathers of the Republic. Wc believe
that all men have an inalienable right to-" life, lib-
erty, and the pursuit of happiness." We believe,
nay, we know, that slavery, socially, morally,
politically, is a blighting and a withering curse.
We know that its influence is deleterious upon
both the oppressor and the oppressed. We know it
retards the development of the material resources
of the country. We know it checks the onward
march of civilization. We know it impedes the
progress, as it corrupts the morals and perverts the
doctrines,of theChristianreligion. Weknowitis
surely, and with fearful rapidity, undermining the
very foundations of our Government, and that if
its omvard course is not speedily stayed, our
country will soon be a Republic only in name.
But,Mr. Chairman, we mean it shall be stayed.
We say to slavery, " thus far, and no further."
We design to confine it to the States in which it
now exists. Regarding it as a greatevil, we can-
not, as honest and conscientious men, as good and
patriotic citizens, consent to itsfurther extension.
Hence, the great and leading idea; the cardinal
principle, of the Republican organization is the
non-extension, or perhaps I might better say, the
limitation■ of slavery. If there is fanaticism in this
principle, we are fanatics. If this is a treasonable
principle, we are traitors. But those who so fero-
ciously brand us with these epithets would do
well to remember that in so doing they are assail-
ing the memory of their own fathers, and justify-
ing the course ofGcorge III., who published them
as outlaws, and set a reward upon their heads.
The doctrines of the Republican party on the
subject of slavery are clearly and authoritatively
expressed in the following resolutions, which I
quote from the platform of principles adopted at
Philadelphia, in 1856:
" 1. Resolved, Thar the maintenance of the principles
promulgated m the Declaration of Independence, and em-
bodied ill the Federal Constitution, are essential to the pres-
ervation of our republican institutions; and that the Fed-
eral Constitution, the rights of the States, and the union ot
the States, shall be preserved.
"2. Resolved, That, with our republican fathers, wo hold
it to be a self-evident truth, that ail men are endowed with
the inalienable right to life, liberty, and Ihe pursuit of ik1 p-
piness; and that the primary object and ulterior design of
our Federal Government were to secure those rights to all
persons within its exclusive jurisdiction ; that as our re-
publican fathers, when they bad aboh.-Uicd slavery in all oui
national territory, oidamed that 110 person should be de-
prived of life, liberty, or property without due process of
la'v, it becomes our duty to maintain this provision of tile
Constitution against ail attempts to violate it. to prevent the
es'ablishinent of slavery in the Territoiics of the United
States by positive legislation prohibiting its existence there-
in. Ami wc deny the, authority of Congress, of a Territo-
rial Legislature, of any individual, or association of individ-
uals, to give legal existence to slavery 111 any Tenitory of
the United States, Willie the present Constitution shall be
maintained.
:i. Reiolvei!, That Hie Constitution confers upon Con-
gress sovereign power over the Territories of the United
btates for their government; and that in the exercise of this
power, it is both the right and the duty of Congress to pro-
hibit in its Territories those twin relics of barbarism,
polygamy and slavery."
The Republican party to-day, Mr. Chairman*
stands upon this platform, and it will continue to
stand there. Neither the threats of southern dis-
unionists, nor the pitiful appeals of northern con-
servatives, nor the persevering efforts of selfish,
time-serving politicians, will cause it to abandon
the position it has taken. And when it shall have
obtained the control of national affairs, it will be
governed solely by " the principles promulgated
m the Declaration of Independence and embodied
in the Federal Constitution." And I hesitate not
to say, that these principles, faithfully observed
in the administration of governmental affairs, will
lead to the abolition of slavery in the District of
Columbia; to the repeal or essential modification
of the fugitive slave law; and to the limitation of
slavery to the States in which it now exists. If
these resolutions from the Republican platform
mean anything, they mean 110 less than this. And,
sir, to limit slavery to its present possessions, is
to destroy it. -It must expand or die. This
slaveholders know, and hence the earnestness
and zeal with which they labor for its extension.
This we of the free States know, and hence our
anxiety to confine it within its present bounda-
ries. We would "limit,localize, and discourage"
it. And for myself, I say, that while I desire
conscientiously to observe all the "guarantees"
and all the " compromises" of the Constitution, I
would yet write in letters of gold, as the prime
article of my political creed: " No slavery Out-
side the present slave states."
I know, Mr. Chairman, and the people I have
the honor to represent know, that efforts are
being made to modify the principles, and lower the
standard of the Republican party. And I desire
now, for my constituents and for myself, to sol-
emnly protest against all such movements. Our
principles, as enunciated at Philadelphia, are
sound. Wc mean to stand by them. We have
not the remotest idea of relinquishing any article
of our political faith, norof suffering any article to
remain in abeyance during the approaching strug-
gle. We desire victory; we are anxious to wrest
the Government from the control of the pro-sla-
very party; but we do not desire to triumph at the
expense of our principles. We wish the people
to believe that we are right. When they do thus
believe, the national Government will be trans-
ferred to our hands; and, until it can thus be
legitimately transferred by the intelligent action
of men subscribing to our views, we have no
right to triumph.
Holding these views, Mr. Chairman, we ex-
pect that a man of our political faith, and for at
least'four years identified with the Republican
organization, will be presented for oursupportin
the coming campaign. We—and by "we" I
mean my constituents and myself—can never con-
sent to take as our candidate for the Presidency
a man who lent "aid and comfort" to our oppo-
nents four years ago. What! we vote for a man
who, directly or indirectly, aided to place the
present Chief Magistrate in the position he has
so shamefully disgraced! The idea is preposter-
ous; and I say, calmly, deliberately, emphatic-
ally, that the men who expect the Republicans
of Michigan to do such an act as this, know little
of the character of our population. We do not
say we must have our favorite candidate; but wo
do say we must have a Republican candidate, one
who believes in the Philadelphia platform now,
and who believed in it and stood on it in 1856.
Around any such candidate we will rally; and I
pledge you now, that the State which I in part
represent will do her fall share towards wresting
the Government from the unfaithful hands that
now control it, and restoring it to its original pu-
rity and vigor
Mr. K1LLINGER. Mr. Chairman, during the
protracted contest for the Speakership, I was often
tempted to exclaim, with the Roman orator, "How
long, O Catiline, will you abuse our patience?"
The expressions of disloyalty to our Federal
Union, which were so profusely fulminated from
the Democratic side of the House, seemed so ut-
terly repugnant to every sense of patriotic duty,
that I could not sit in my seat without words of
rebuke leaping to my lips and struggling for utter-
ance. So, too, when I, in common with others,
was arraigned for opinions which we do not en-
tertain, and for events which we deprecate, it re-
quired great forbearance to withhold my immedi-
ate denial, and hurl back my indignant defiance.
But impressed with the conviction that all our
proceedings, with the exception of the ballots for
Speaker, and the successive adjournments, were
irregular, I managed to hold my peace.
It is provided by statute that the members of the
House of Representatives shall assemble on the
first Monday of December, and choose a Speaker,
" previous to which, no business shall be trans-
acted." I have felt myself called upon to observe
this requirement of the statute, and I deem the
present a fit occasion to call the attention of the
people to the enormity of the recent transgres-
sion of the law by the law-makers themselves.
The example which they have set has been one
of mischievous tendency, and encouraging to that
spirit of lawlessness, which is unfortunately too
prevalent in our country, and threatens more than
any other thing, in my judgment, the stability of
our Government and the permanence of our in-
stitutions. I judged, too, and the result has shown
correctly, that it was the part of wisdom to pre-
serve silence while leading membersof the Dem-
ocratic party ventilated their schemes of disunion
and elaborated the grievances under which they
conceived the Federal Union to be groaning! Be-
fore we were fairly settled here, these gentlemen
thrust " the irrepressible negro" upon us, and
most vehemently have they belabored him ever
since! I felt persuaded that no advantage would
resultto the great interests in whose behalf I came
to the Thirty-Sixth Congress by mingling in
the heated discussions on that and kindred sub-
jects; and I would perhaps only have fanned the
embers of a flame which I would gladly extin-
guish,rathertban feed,and_ keep alive by constant
irritation. Not that I felt indifferent to the grave
character of the scenes through which we have
passed. I trust I share the feeling of concern, so
freely and so feelingly expressed here, for our
common country, and her continued prosperity.
Certainly, I would be recreant to the high trust
reposed in me by the patriotic and intelligent con-
stituency which I represent here, if I failed on
this, the first fitting opportunity, to declare their
unaltered and unalterable attachment to the prin-
ciples and policy on which rests the superstruc-
ture of our Government, and their determination
to maintain the Constitution and the Union un-
altered, unamended, and unabridged. In the past
these have proved the elements of our greatness
and strength; in the present, they are the sheet-
anchor of our political safety; in the future, no
one can contemplate their overthrow without
emotions of dread, apprehension, and hopeless
despair.
I am one of those who do not despair of the
Republic. After two months of persistent effort
we succeeded in electing a Speaker of this House;
and that event, with concomitant circumstances,
proved a complete answer to the impotent threats
and vaporing harangues to which we had been
subjected during that period of time. Since then,
the public creditors, who were so clamorous for
their dues, have been satisfied; the wheels of the
Government move smoothly on their freshly-
greased pivots; and the African lias been left to
quiet repose ! Had the Helper book not been dug
from its obscurity by the New York Herald a
week before Congress met, some other appliance
would have been resorted to, with a view to the
renewal of the negro agitation. Some men and
some parties prefer strife to peace. They live in
contention and they thrive in tumult. The po-
litical dodge that succeeded so admirably in 1856,
was attempted to be renewed bore. Under the
pressure of the Union-saving process, many pa-
triotic citizens were successfully duped into voting
for Mr. Buchanan; and thereby he attained the
summit of his life-long aspirations, and became a
minority President. Under his administration of
the Government, the party which elevated him to
power has become demoralized, and is conceded
to be powerless in almost every free State. He
has effectually accomplished what his political
opponents'had hitherto failed to accomplish; he
has extinguished the Democratic party North,
and has sectionalized it so that it has virtually
become the mere parasite of the slavery propa-
ganda of this country. And now, in this hour of
dire distress, that their columns are broken, their
legions are scattered, and the proud memories of
their past history are falsified, the discovery is
again made that the Federal Unionism imminent
danger of going to pieces.
All there is of truth in the assertion is the fact
that the union of the Democracy with the power
and patronage of the Government threatens to
be interfered with before the present year comes
toaclose; and so " irrepressible" is this cohesion
of the spoils of office, that the most discordant
elements and the most opposite extremes of men
and opinions are laboring together to prevent so
dire a catastrophe. The slave States have had
possession of the Federal Government, and have
shaped its policy, nearly all the time since the
adoption of the Constitution; and Senator Ham-
mond, of South Carolina, in the Senate, not long
ago, declared that southern statesmanship had
guided the vessel of State by the chart of south-
ern policy for half a century, without interrup-
tion or interference. And yet, on the slightest
intimation being given that the free laboring in-
terests of the North were seeking a recognition
of their power in the Government, an absolute
howl of complaint is setup in nearly every south-
ern State. South Carolina and Mississippi send
itinerant commissioners to the capitals of neigh-
boring States, to utter their lamentations over
what they fancifully assume to be northern ag-
gressions; and Virginia, the mother ef States, the
