1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fax having taken tfce chair as Speaker pro tem-
pore, Mr. Branch reported that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union had, ac-
cording to order, had the state of the Union gen-
erally under consideration, and especially the
Senate amendments to the bill of the House (No.
501) making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending the
30th of June, 1861, and had directed him to re-
port the same to the House with a recommenda-
tion to concur in some, non-concur in others,and
to concur in others with an amendment,
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend the third
amendment of the Senate; and I call the previous
question upon the various amendments.
Mr. PHELPS. Let the amendment of the gen-
tleman be reported before the previous question
is called.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is the amendment offered
by the Committee of "Ways and Means in regard
to the Treasury extension.
The amendment was read, as follows:
For preserving the unfinished works upon the Treasury
extension, $.>,000; and to pay for materials already deliv-
ered tor said extension; ^16-1,730 29.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a point of order. That
amendment involves an appropriation; and as it
has not been considered in committee,! am com-
pelled to object to it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the point of order. The precise amendment
has been considered in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SHERMAN. An amendment in exactly
the same words was considered in the Committee
of the WhoJe.
Mr. PHELPS. That does not help the mat-
ter. The preposition is now made in yie House.
I have made the same point in former Congresses,
and amendments of thatnutuie have been ruled
out of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair un-
derstands that thus amendment hos boon consid-
ered m th*1 Committee of the Whole; and there-
fore he rules thut it js ni order.
Mr. PlIELPS. My point of order is, that all
bills relating to appropriations of money must be
first considered in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. The amendment sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Ohio proposes to
appropriate money. That amendment has not
been considered in the Committee of the Whole;
and 3 would state to the Chair that in preceding
Congresses, when amendments containing appro-
priations whielu hove been voted down in the
Committee of the Whole have been subsequently
moved in the House, they have been invariably
ruled out of order when the question has been
raised.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a point of order.
The previous question was called befoie the g< n-
tlcman from Missouii made his point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order raised by the gentleman
from Tennessee.
Mr. PHELPS. No, sir; the previous question
had not been sustained before 1 raised the point
of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pending the de-
mand for the previous question, debate is out of
order.
Mr. PHELPS. As soon as the gentleman from
Ohio moved his amendment, f asked for its read-
ing before the previous question should be called.
It was read; and I immediately made the point of
order. 1 appeal fiom the decision of the Chair.
Mr. BAPJvSDALE. 1 move to lay the appeal
upon the table.
Mr. PERRY. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Washburn,
of Maine, and Crawford were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes forty-one, noes not counted.
So the House refused to lay the appeal upon
the table.
Mr. I3ARKSDALE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question
is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the committee?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say that I have offered
amendments in this way several dmes.
Mr. PHELPS. But no question of order was ,
made upon you. I have raised the question of
order in preceding Congresses,and it has always
been sustained. As there is hardly a quorum
present, I call for tellers upon the appeal.
Mr, SHERMAN. This question will come up
the first thing in the morning, and perhaps we
had better adjourn.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Phelps,and
Robinson of Rhode Island, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 49, noes 46—no quorum voting.
Mr. BARR. I move a call of the House.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion tvas agreed to.
The House accordingly (at half past ten o 'clock,
p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, June 16, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Re\. Dr. Gurley.
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, and by unanimous
consent, the reading of the Journal was dispensed
with.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILSON presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Massachusetts, concerning the dis-
ease called pleuro-pncumoYiiU) asking Congress to
pass such quarantine laws us will prevent the in-
troduction into this country of diseased cattle;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. GRIMES presented additional papers in
relation to the claim of John R. Lamb, to a pat-
ent for a bounty land warrant issued in the name
of James Morrell,and purchased by Lamb; which
we're referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, presented the
petition of Charles li. Lane and others, citizens
of Washington, praying the passage of the bill
from the House of Representatives to incorporate
the Metropolitan Gas Company; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. HEMPHILL, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 511) authorizing the cstubhshmentof
an additional judicial district in theState of Texas;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 512)
to punish and prevent the unlawful detention of
mail matter; winch was read twice by its title, and
leferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Pie also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 513) in
relation to the duties of postmasters; which wns
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
. REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
500) making appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1861, re-
ported it without amendment, anil gave notice
that he would call it up at twelve o'clock.
Air. PITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred a resolution to print ten
thousand copies of Lieutenant Ives's report on
the exploration of the river Colorado of the West,
reported adversely thereon; and the report was
agreed to.
Pie also, from the, same committee, to whom
was refencd a motion to print the reports of
Majois Delafield and Mordecai, reported the fol-
lowing resolution; which wns considered by unan-
imous" consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, Th.u tho jcport- of Majois Delafield and Moi-
decai be punted; and ten thousand e\u<i copies, Uvo thou-
sand of which lor the use ol the \V;u Department, be
punted-
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
3b6) explanatory of an act entitled "An act sup-
plementary to an act to authorize notaries public
to take and certify oaths, affirmations, and ac-
knowledgments in certain cases,'' repoited it with-
out amendment; and submitted a report, which
was ordered, to be printed.
Mr. BRIGHT, from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, to whom was referred the
memorial of James Harrington, a laborer on the
public grounds in the city of Washington, pray-
ing that he may have the benefit of tjie joint res-
olution of the 18th August 1856, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the memorial of
William T.Kendall, praying indemnity for prop-
erty seized and confiscated by the alleged author-
ity of the British Government, and for the value
of guano on an island claimed under the act of
August 8, 1856, submitted a report, which was
ordered to be printed, and asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was agreed
to.
ACCOUNT CLERK. *
Mr. POWELL. I am instructed l^y the Com-
mittee to Audit and Control the Contingent Ex-
penses of the Senate to report the following res-
olution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the account clerk in the ofiicc of the
Secretaiy of the Senate be allowed the same rate of com-
pensation that id received by the, executive elerk, and that
the difference between that and what lie has received ttom
the commencement ol the present Congress to the elose of
this fiscal year he paid out of the contingent fund of the
Senate.
Mr. HALE. Let it lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the resolution will lie over under the rules.
EMPLOYES AT NAVY-YARDS, ETC.
Mr. MALLORY submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy inform the
Semite, at the next session ot Congicss, ot' tiie number of
eletk-. and watchmen, paid as such by the United States,
at the t-cvetal nnvy-jardf and stations, Naval Asylum, Na-
val Academy, OlKorvatoiy, and lendozvous, together with
tho-e employed by, oi connected with, naval vessels and
olficeiH.naval storo-ship* and receiving ships, and the saf-
ai v, pav, and emoluments of each ; and that he also com-
municate to the Senate his opinion oi the total compensa-
tion which each should leceive, according to his labor and
responsibility.
PATENT OFFICE BUILDING.
Mr. CLARK submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secietary of the Interior bo directed
to include in tiie estimates to be sent to Congress at tbcj
next session an estimate for completing the north front of
the Patent Oflice building, with a portico, according to the
plan of tiie architect.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had concurred in the amendments of the
Senate to the bill of the House (No. 703) making
appropriation for the payment of the expenses of
the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
Minnesota.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speak-
er of the House had approved and signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills; which thereupon received
the signature of the Vice President:
A bill (PI. R. No. 350) making appropriations
for light-houses, beacons, buoys, &c.;
A bill (II. R. No. 235) for the relief of con-
gressional township two north, of range nine,
west of the fourth principal meridian, in Adams
county, State of Illinois;
A bill (II. II. No. 703) making appropriation
for the payment of the expenses of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Minnesota;
and
A bill (II. R. No. 374) for the relief of the
Missionary Socicty of the Methodist Episcopal
Church.
JAMES ALEXANDER.
Mr. BIGLER. I should be glad to have the
Senate consider House bill No. 456, an invalid
pension bill. I move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R.
No. 456) granting a pension to James Alexander,
an invalid soldier of the war of 1812, was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
