1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
cemetery of Presidents, listens with some degree
of patience to these recitals. Alas! that the pen
of history, with remorseless accuracy, should re-
count the degeneracy of these latter-day saints of
a spurious Democracy!
When our fathers sealed their devotion to the
cause of constitutional freedom with their blood,
they hoped that the virtues which acquired the
inheritance would be transmitted with it; and that
their posterity, for countless %ges, would syllable
their praises and sound their fame along the Cor-
ridors of time, in strains undying as the music of
the spheres. But where now, in portions of the
country, is the veneration for the great and good
men of our golden age ? "Where the respect for
their labors and achievements ? Men high in pub-
lic position scoiF at the great names that adorn
our history, and laugh to scorn the teachings of
ourgloriouspast! The political compact by which
our fathers bound us in one common destiny is
regarded as men regard a garment—to be put on
and off, as it suits the caprice of the wearer. The
duty we owe to a common country, the allegiance
due to a common Constitution, are treated as in-
cumbrances that may be thrown aside at will.
The so-called national Democracy renounce the
usual and time-hallowed mode of redress for po-
litical grievances: and instead of addressing them-
selves to the enlightened conscience and sober
judgment of the people, they resort to the lan-
guage of intimidation and menace to accomplish
their purposes. Not content to rest their causc
upon the intelligence and patriotism of the people
—the true tribanal oflastresort for the redress of
political grievances—many of them boldly pro-
claim their determination not to submit to the
election of a President who is distasteful to them,
or their party, or their section. In other words,
if a majority of the people of the United States,
in pursuance of law, and under the forms pre-
scribed bytheConstitution, elect a gentleman who
is not Ikeir choice, they will treat the election as
if it had not been held—resist it by violence, and
prevent its consummation by an "appeal to arms !
Sir, 1 have yet to learn that any respectable
number of the people of any State or section of
our country participate in these schemes of trea-
son and projects of disunion. 1 am even unwill-
ing to believe that the gentlemen who utter such
sentiments represent, m any fair sense, the opin-
ions of the people at large m any portion of our
country. There are, doubtless, political dema-
gogues South as well as North, who are inflam-
ing the minds of their people and exasperating
their prejudices by mad appeals of this sort; and
it is easy to see that they maintain a sort of unen-
viable notoriety before the people by their violent
harangues and" angry denunciations. Disunion
is thus avowedly put forth as a remedy for po-
litical defeat in the coming presidential election
by many of the high-priests in the Democratic
temple. Clothed in their sacerdotal robes, these
gentlemen, solicitous to retain their loaves and
fishes, and well pleased with the luxurious appli-
ances by which they are surrounded, have broken
out into this cry of disunion, common with them
on the eve of a presidential election, with an
unusual chorus of vociferation, the notes being
pitched a little higher, and the emphasis being a
little more tragic, by reason of recent events. No
California miner ever struck a placer with more
real satisfaction, and pursued its golden treasures
with more zeal, than do the Democratic politi-
cians, eager in the pursuit of the seven principles
underlying the Democratic superstructure, (ac-
cording to Mr. Randolph,) follow up the advant-
age which they suppose Brown's invasion has
given them !
The right of the people to choose a Chief Ma-
gistrate of their own sovereign will and pleasure
is, however, one of their essential liberties, and
will be surrendered neither to menace nor force.
The Union of these States forms no debatable
topic. It belongs not to the current politics of the
day. Its existence is a fixed fact, and lies down
amid the foundations of our political superstruc-
ture, firmly and irrevocably, as lie the mountains ;
which encompass us about, the very impress of j
Divine beneficence and power. Tlioy who seek ;
its overthrow will meet the doom of felons the j
moment they put in execution one threat or com-
mit one overt act of rebellion to its authority.
One such example in each State will be sufficient
to deter others; from offending in like manner, for
one generation at least. There is not likely to be
another John Brown for some time to come, who
will venture to invade a sovereign State, and defy
its authority. Nor will more than one disunionist
levy war or commit an overt act of treason against
the Federal Government, without meeting Ins just
deserts. His punishment will be speedy, his
doom certain.
Let me recall the experience of 1832. Mr. Cal-
houn then proposed to nullify an act of Congress;
and for that comparatively simple proposition,
General Jackson had made up his mind to exe-
cute the last extremity of the law upon him. The
people, North and South, in the presence of the
fact that the stability of the Government was
threatened, and its power defied, pledged them-
selves to sustain General Jackson, with their
means and their muskets, in enforcing the laws
and maintaining their authority. We were nearer
then, it is true, by a quarter of a century, to the
times that tried men's souls, as in a furnace of
consuming fire. In the degeneracy of these latter
days we see Democrats, clothed in the mantle that
Jackson wore, and professing to be touched with
live coals from the altar upon which Jackson of-
fered his oblations, menace the free institutions
of our country with overthrow, and our political
Union with disruption, "from turret to founda-
tion stone." And now, we have a President
who, instead of boldly defying the treason, and
bringing the power of the Government to bear
against the moral traitors, affiliates with the one,
and takes to his loving embrace the other.
But, despite these things, the fires of patriotism
are not extinct. They slumber, it is true; else we
should not hear these frequent appeals to disunion
as the fancied remedy for the ills of the moment;
but let the people be aroused to any real danger
of such an issue, and the smoldering elements will
be rekindled into a fervent heat, before which trea-
son and traitors, North and South, will be con-
sumed like stubble in the field ! Who are you,
gentlemen of the South, that assume thus and here
to exercise the functions of sovereignty? The
servants of your masters—the people; the dele-
gated agents, for a little brief hour, of your re-
spective constituencies, for a limited purpose!
Dressed in a little brief authority, I will not say
you play fantastic tricks, but I will say you ex-
ceed your authority; and your threats, shorn of
all moral force, are impotent, and fall on our ears
like the idle wind, which bloweth where it listeth !
Sir, disunion implies war ! Secession means
rebellion! Treason deserves death—the hang-
man 's rope, the felon's doom! How do you pro-
pose to divide the Union ? Where will you begin?
What is to become of my honored State, the key-
stone of the Federal arch ? The Hall of Inde-
pendence, the ark wherein was consummated our
political covenant, stands there, and the spot is
sacred in the contemplation of every lover of his
country. Will you separate it from the sister-
hood of States ? Will you give up your share in
the common glory which was achieved on the
heights of Bunker Hill ? The blood of our ances-
tors was shed on the battle-fields of New Jersey;
and I am unwilling to surrender the patriotic
memories enkindled by their services on the soil
of that gallant State ! And do you ask us to give
up our title to the glorious achievements in the
sunny South ? We share with you the glory of
that intrepid veteran who wrote in letters of living
fire upon the foreheads of the disunionists of his
day "the Federal Union must be preserved?"
With you, we claim a share in the name and fame
of America's greatest orator, who sleeps his last
sleep beneath the soil of Kentucky. When, as
a people, we lose regard for the memories and
teachings of these illustrious dead, then, in my
judgment, are our consciences seared as with a
red-hot iron, and our brows crimsoned with an
infamy so deep that the waters of Niagara can-
not wash it out? Then aie we indeed ready for
the work of demolition. Then batter down, from
turret to foundation stone, this proud Capitol;
level it with pickax and spade, so that, like the
temple of Jerusalem, there shall not be left one
stone upon another! Pull down the palatial build-
ings that adorn your Federal city, and strew salt
upon their foundations! Let not these memen-
toes of the virtues of your patnoticancestry stand,
if you mean to disrupt the ties which now bind
us to a common and a glorious Union ! And
when you have done these things, go to yonder
proud shaft, that is rising to the memory of him,
who was " first in war, first in peace, and first in
the hearts of his country men," and leave no stone
of it standing, so that your cup of infamy may
be quaffed to the dregs, and your work of dis-
union be thus effectually and tlioroughlytdone!
Southern gentlemen have strangely miscon-
ceived the spirit and purpose of tine great move-
ment now pervading the masses of the North
"at every point, like an atmosphere.", Jt, has
been argued here as though the mad attempt of
John Brown to run off negroes held to servitude
in Maryland and Virginia had received the coun-
tenance of, and was approved by, the masses, of
the northern people. It has even been suggested
that the animus of the great Opposition party to
the Democratic Administration was the abolition
of slavery where it now exists by force of posi-
tive law. Such assertions are entirely unfounded
in point of. fact. I am not commissioned to speak
for any people but those 1 represent here-, but I
think 1 know the general and prevailing sentiment
of my whole State well enough, to declare thatour
people do not regard negro stealing as any part of
their platform, nor negro equality as any remedy
for political grievances. Our people do not preach
insurrection, nor practice violence. They do not
make forays upon sister States, nor set atdefianee
the established authority of their neighbors. They
cultivate relations of peace :and friendship with all;
and would rather cement than loosen the ties of
fraternity and good will. As our great State is
geographically central, so she is equally removed
from fanaticism and folly. There need be no ap-
prehension felt anywhere as to her loyalty; for
there is no sentiment more deeply imbedded in the
hearts of her people than devotion to the Consti-
tution and Union. We interfere not with the rights
of any State, but cheerfully concede all that are
guarantied in the Constitution. No subjcct can be
introduced here during this Congress, that I am
aware of, that can justify the intemperate har-
angues to which we have been compelled to listen
since first we met here. The enforcement ofithe
laws, as we find them on the statute-book, and ex-
pounded by the Federal judiciary, until altered or
amended by competent authority, has always been
a cardinal doctrine with the party with which I
am acting;and I know of nothing that has occurred
to change its correctness or the binding force of
its authority. That great party is eminently na-
tional and conservative. Progressive, it is never-
theless sure and steady in its progress; fearless in
the avowal of its principles, it is yet moderate and
conciliatory. It seeks, by a united effort among
its supporters, to dislodge the Democratic party
from its possession of the Government, and to
restore the policy of the republican fathers in its
administration. The main elements of this par-
ty'^strength are, opposition to the cardinal vices
in the doctrines and practices of the Democratic
party. These arc, its anti-American or free-trade
theories, and its anti-free labor or pro-slavery
policy.
The protective policy is, in my judgment, the
life-blood of the body-politic, and especially so
in our own great State. Whatever prominence
may be given to other great questions, this is the
paramount one with our people. Our soil is fer-
tile to the hand of intelligent labor; and whatever
surplus we have to sell of our vast productions,
we prefer to sell in a regular and steady home
market, constant in its demands, and not subject
to the fluctuations of foreign trade. Stored away
in treasuries strong as her ancient hills, yet of
easy and cheap approach, our State holds min-
eral wealth, in the enduring forms of coal and
iron, of exhaustlessamount and incalculable value.
The two are in such close proximity that they
will always aid to elicit and elaborate each other.
This vast treasure lies so near her cereal regions,
and both are so readily approached from all im-
portant centers of trade and manufactures, that
there, more readily than anywhere else, may tile
fivegreatindustrialclasses—the farmer, the miner,
the manufacturer, the carrier, and the tradesman—
exchange their labor and possessions for their mu-
tual comfort and advantage. To aidher in develop-
ing this measureless wealth, and in enriching her
own citizens instead of Europeans, by the profit
made between the cheap material and the rich re-
sult, Pennsylvania has vainly petitioned the na-
tional Congress for many years. Her facilities,
if unhindered by the hostility of the Democratic
