2112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15.
ent mail service is not adequate to all the wants of
the country. That is a matter entirely for tl^e
Postmaster General, who has means of knowing
which we have not. It is quite possible that the
service has been reduced in some places where it
should not have been; and if such case could be
presented, it might be right and proper to dircct
a restoration of the service; but it is entirely im-
proper for Congress to direct the restoration of
the entire service throughout the country. Such
an act would thereby put these contracts beyond
the control of the Postmaster General in the fu-
ture.
The law creating the Post Office Department
says that the Postmaster General shall provide for
the carrying of the mails. Is not the power of
the Postmaster General absolute over this ques-
tion? Is there any limit to his power? How are
these mails to be carried? What contracts are to
be made? What is to be the form and character
of the contracts? The law does not prescribe,
but leaves it altogether to the Postmaster Gen-
eral. Now, the Postmaster General, acting as the
agent of the Government, contracts on behalf of
the Government with individuals, and has, of
course, as much power to determine and fix the
terms and conditions of the contracts as the con-
tractor himself has. Whatever bargain is made
between the Postmaster General and the con-
tractor is binding, not only on the Government,
but 011 the contractor.
Now, what is the contract between these parties ?
The Postmaster General says: "I will make with
you a contract to carry the mail on this condition:
that I shall have the right, if the interests of the
Government shall hereafter requires it, to reduce
the service as now agreed on between you and
myself." That piovision is incorporated in every
contract made by the Postmaster General. His
judgment is the test as to whether the interest of
the Government require a reduction of the ser-
vice. If then, sir, he is vested by law with power
to make the contract, and has reserved to lumself
the right of controlling it, in the reduction of the
service he has made he has only done that which
he was authorized to do by the law and the terms
of the contract, and nobody has a right to com-
plain of it. The contractor certainly lias no right
to complain.
It is said, however, that by the act of 1836 this
power was taken from the Postmaster General
and a limitation put upon his power, and that he*
has now no right lo incorporate in contracts the
provision that he may reduce the service in the
event of his believing (hat the interests of the coun-
try require such reduction. Now, I desire the at-
tention of the House jor.i moment to that section
of the act of lf3G, to show that sueh a construc-
tion is unwarranted and unauthoi ized by the tei ms
of the law itself. Section forty-three of the act of
1836 says that it shall be the duty of the Postmas-
ter General, before advertising for proposals to
transport the mail, to form his best judgment
as to the mode, time, and frequency of the trans-
portation on each route, and to advertise accord-
ingly; and that whenever it will be necessary to
change the terms of an existing contract in any
other manner than that indicated by the act, or to
enter into contracts for the transportation of the
mails at any other time than the annual lettmgs,
the Postmaster General shall give notice.
In tins case, however, the Postmaster General
has not changed the terms of anv existing con-
tract; and therefore it was not necessary for him
to give notice, because, by the terms of the exist-
ing contracts, he had the right to reduce the ser-
vice, and reduce the pay. I admit that, if there
had not been a stipulation m the contract be- \
tween the Postmaster General and the contractor,
the Postmaster General should have the right to
change the contract; and if he should aftei wards
determine to change it, then it would be necessary ;
to give notice by advertisement, as prescribed by :
this act, because the terms of the contract then !
would have been changed. Hut here there is no |
change of the terms of the contract. The bond \
itselt, executed by the contractor, gives to the Post-! j
master General unconditionally the right to alter, ;i
change, annul, or abolish, the contract between |i
himself and the contractor. jj
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I would ask the i!
gentleman from Mississippi if he does not con- p
sider the frequency of the service a part of the !j
contract? if I contract to carry the mails once a !■
day, and the Postmaster General says they shall
be carried only once a week, ought he not to give
me notice of the change?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The main obli-
gation of the contract is, that the party shall carry
the tftails from one point to another; but the right
is reserved in every contract to the Postmaster
Genera! to reduce the amount of service, or to
extinguish or annul the contract altogether; and
this reservation is not unlawful. I admit that
when the Postmaster General seeks to alter a con-
tract, he must do it on notice as prescribed by
law, unless a stipulation that the contract may be
changed is incorporated in the contract itself; in
that case, of course, there is no necessity for any
notice. The rules and regulations of the Post
Office Department declare especially that this con-
dition shall be embraced in, and made a part of,
every contract for mail services; and this require-
ment is always known to bidders. When a party
bids for a contract, he does it with the distinct
knowledge and understanding that this condition
is to be incorporated in the contract; that the
Postmaster General shall have absolute power
over the contract, with a view to protecting the
interests of the Government, and that he may
change or modify the contract at his discretion.
There is no limitation upon that discretion. In
these instances, he has done what he had aright
to do; and unless it appears that the Government
has sustained some injury or damage, then his
action ought to be sustained. Suppose the Post-
master General has made a contract for the con-
veyance of the mail by stages, and a railroad is
completed on the same route: ought not the Post-
master General to abolish the stage service and
give it to the railroad, so as to facilitate the trans-
mission of the mails? Will you tell me that, if
the Postmaster General should become satisfied
that the service rendered under a particular con-
tract is of no possible utility to the Government
or to the people, he should not have the right to
reduce that service, or to annul the contract alto-
gether? If you determine that this service shall
be restored, without consideration, as you arc
now called upon to do, without knowing whether
the Government will be prejudiced by it again,
and thus impose upon the Government a debt of
four or five million, in my judgment you will act
recklessly, imprudently,and unwisely. I do not
believe that this House will be found willing,
hastily and without consideration or due examin-
ation, to cast a vote in favor of a measure which
may by possibility do such great injury to the
Government, and from which no material good
can result.
Mr. Chairman, I ought not to have addressed
the House to-day at all. I had intended to file a
mmuiity report, but I was called home suddenly
on account of illness in my family. I have but
just returned to this city, in very feeble health,
and have thus hastily, and without preparation,
presented my views m opposition to this clause.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I did not expect to
have had anything to say upon this subject; but
since the gentleman from Mississippi has been
upon the floor, 1 have gathered together a couple
of letters of the Postmaster General, and an act
of Congress, and 1 propose to show that the Post-
mastci General, and his friend from Mississippi,
differ radically,not only in reference to the power
of the Postmaster General, but as to the reasons
that induced the Postmaster General to pursue the
eouise which he has done within the last year. I
admit, sir, that there is a regulation giving the
Postmaster General power to put certain limita-
tions and conditions into postoffice contracts.
[Here the hammer fell, the time allotted for
general debate having expired.]
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. 1 desire to move an
amendment, to-come m in the fourteenth line.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have an amendment to
offer, which comes in before that. I suggest that
the bill be now read by clauses, for amendment.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill by clauses.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to strike out, in line
ten,the word " three,"and insert the word" six;"
so as to make it $694,000, instead of $.394,000.
The paragraph will then read:
For ti asportation of the mails, (inland,) .$7X94,010: Pro- i j
ride,!, That the Po^nid-'ter Gewial i* Jieieby dn noted to j
restore the mland yfrviee on all the routes under contract ,!
oa tm: 4th March, 18.39, unless the name have expired by '!
their own limitation; and wheie the setvice has been !;
actually performed by the contractor notwithstanding such 1:
discontinuance, the Postmaster Geneial shall pay the con-
tractor as if no change had been ordered ; but the Po-tmas-
*ter General shall not be required to restore thesciviceon
any of said loutes beyond one daily mail each way.
This amendment is necessary in consequence of
the proposed restoration of the mail service, last
year discontinued. I am myself opposed to the
restoration, and shall vote against the whole clause.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to speak
against the amendment. I see no reason for this
additional appropriation. It seems to have been
provided for already.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have the floor, I believe,
and will explain my own amendment. I under-
stand that, if this service is to be restored, the
amount designated in the bill is not sufficient, but
that it will require $300,000 m addition for this
fiscal year, and about a million and a half more for
the next. The Committee of Ways and Means
instructed me to report an amendment making this
increase, for the purpose of carrying out such
restoration, in case it is ordered. As! remarked,
I shall vote against the whole provision.
Mr. WASHETIRNE, of Illinois. The amount
named in the gentleman's amendment, as I under-
stood it, is $300,000. I wish to ask him if it was
not stated by the Post Office Department that
$500,000 would be necessary?
Mr. SHERMAN. It was; but the Committee
of Ways and Means were opposed to a mandatory
restoration of this service. They were peifectly
willing, however, to allow the Postmaster Gen-
eral to restore such routes as he deemed proper
and necessary; and for that purpose they agreed
to insert an appropriation of $300,000. l believe,
if a mandatory restoration of this Post Office ser-
vice were ordered, it would cost not less than
§2,000,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not care
how much it costs; the service ought to be re-
stored.
Mr. COLFAX. The Postmaster General, as
1 understand it, only estimates about one million
seven hundred thousand dollars as his entire re-
trenchment, which includes three tofourhundred
thousand dollars saved m the cost of the Panama
service. This leaves the retrenchment on the in-
land service only about a million and a quarter.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I propose to go on
with my argument in reply to the gentleman"from
Mississippi, [Mr. Davis.]
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman op-
pose the amendment?
Mr. CRAIG-, of Missouri. No, sir; I do not
wish to speak m opposition to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the gentleman is not
in order.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I move to amend,
in the fourteenth line, by inserting after the word
" limited," the words " where improved service
over such routes has been furnished by railroad
or otherwise;" so that the clause shall read:
Where improved service over such routes has been
furnished, and where the service has been actually per-
formed by the contractor, notwithstanding sueh discontinu-
ance, the Postmaster General shall pay the contractors as
if no change had been ordeied.
Mr. SMITH, ofVirginia. I desire to offcran
amendment to come m before that. I move to
insert in the thirteenth line, after the word
" 1859," the words " but which were discontin-
ued because of the failure of last year's appropri-
ations;" so that the clause shall read:
That the Postmaster General in hereby directed to re-
store the inland service on all routes undci contract on the
4th of March, 1859, and which vveie dtacontmued because
ot the failure of last year's appropriation.
Mr. Chairman, there are, as is well known to
everybody at all acquainted with the operations
of the Post Office Department, many discontinu-
ances of mail service constantly being ordered
by the Postmaster Genera!, which are in strict ac-
cordance with the interests of the country. I pray
gentlemen to remember that daily almost, weekly
certainly, the Postmaster General adds to and takes
from the service on certain routes in the country.
He may have made such discontinuance as this
I refer to; and if he did so because the exigencies
of the public service required it, surely gentlemen
would not require him to restore them. But if he
discontinued service, which the wants of the coun-
try required should be peiformed, because of his
want of funds, that is all I presume the commit-
tee intended to cover*, and in such cases it would
