3056
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16.
to instruct the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of James Alexander 011 the* invalid pen-
sion lists of the United States, at the rate of eight
dollarspermonth,commencing on the Istof Jan-
uary, 1860, and to continue during his natural
life.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
ANTON L. C. PORTMAN.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the consent of the Sen-
ate to take up a bill which will give rise to no
debate—a House bill that it is important should
be passed. I move to take up House bill No.
587, for the relief of Anton L. C.Portman.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to direct the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to Anton L, C. Portman, late clerk to Com-
modore M. C. Perry, while in command of the
East India squadron, the sum of $3,000 for his
services us Dutch interpreter during the negotia-
tion of the«treaty between the United States and
the empire of Japan, from the preliminary prep-
arations to the final completion of the negotia-
tions.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
SAULT STE. MARIE LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. BINGHAM. There is a bill on the Cal-
endar which was reported from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, by the Senator from Lou-
isiana, [Mr. Bekjami>t,] in reference to the settle-
ment of the mission claims at Sault Ste. Marie.
It has passed the Senate once or twice already,
and I presume there will be no objection to it. I
move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.No.
190) in relation to mission claims at Sault Ste.
Marie, Michigan, was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It provides that the missionary
claims referred to in the fourth section of the act
of 26th September, 1850, entitled " An act provid-
ing for the examination and settlement, of claims
for land at the Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan/* and
reported upon by the register and receiver at Sault
Ste. Marie, pursuant to that act, shall be entitled
to recognition and confirmation in the same man-
ner and on the same terms as claims of individ-
uals therein provided for; and upon the final ap-
proval of the claims, as provided in the eighth
section of that act, patents are to be issued.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
LIEUTENANT A. S. BALDWIN.
Mr. THOMSON. I ask the consent of the
Senate to take up the joint resolution for the res-
toration of Lieutenant Baldwin to the active ser-
vice list, which has been reported unanimously
by the Committee on Naval Affairs. 1 think there
will be no discussion about it. The report is
short, and I shall ask that it be read, if neces-
sary.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution (S. No. 36) for the restoration of Lieuten-
ant Augustus S. Baldwin to the active list, from
the lcavc-of-nbsence list of the Navy, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to authorize the President of the United States to
nominate, and, by and with the adviec and con-
sent of the Senate, to appoint, Lieutenant Augus-
tus S. Baldwin, first lieutenant and executive
officer of the dag-ship Lancaster, to the active list
of the Navy.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
J. K. CHUMP.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I move to take up House
bill No. 524 for the relief of J. It. Crump. The
reading of the bill will show all the facts about it.
It is a small claim of $750.
The motion was agreed to; and the hill (H. II.
No, 524) for the i-ehef of J. 11. Crump was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to dircct the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to J. R. Crump the sum of $750, m full for
his expenses in returning from Santa Fe, in 1859,
and for services, subsequently, in aiding Super-
intendent E. P. Beaie in the preparation of the
official report of his wagon road exploration.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
THOMAS R. LIVINGSTON.
On motion of Mr. POLK, the bill (H. R. No.
353) for the relief of Thomas R. Livingston was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to authorize the Postmaster General to
receive and consider.^such testimony as may be
produced by Thomas R. Livingston; and if he is
satisfied from such testimony that Livingston did
not intend to bid for the mail service he is now
performing on mail route No. 10527, in the State
of Missouri, and that the person who prepared
the bid inserted Maysville by mistake, instead of
Stewartsville, then the Postmaster General is to
pay to Livingston, in addition to Sis present pay,
a fair price for transporting the mails from Stew-
artsville to Maysville, from the commencement
of that service.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third leading, read the third time, and passed.
MISSION TO SARDINIA.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senate to be good
enough to take up House bill No. 699, which is
to raise the mission to Sardinia, and to put it upon
its passage.
Mr. MASON. That bill was reported from
the Committee on Foreign Relations, and met
their full approbation. It was thoughtexpedient,
however, to amend it, in order to take from it
somewhat of an objection, and vest the power in
the President; but, on full examination, I am satis-
fied that to attempt to amend it might interfere
with the scheme of existing laws. I therefore
withdraw the amendment, and am willing to let
the bill pass as it is.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I desire to in-
quire whether this bill is one that is to present
matter of contest here, and consume the residue
of the morning hour?
Mr. SUMNER. Ther e is notany contest about
it. Not a woid will be said on the subject.
Mr. MASON. Not a word will be said.
The motion was agieed to; and the bill (H. R.
No. 099) to amend an act legulating the diplo-
matic and consular system of the United States
was considered as in Committee of the Whole,
it provides that from and after the 30th of June
next, the Kingdom of Sardinia shall be ranked in
schedule A ot the consular and diplomatic bill,
approved August 18, 1856, with Russia, Spain,
Austria, Brazil, Mexico, and China; and that the
President may, by and with tiie advice and con-
sent of the Senate, appoint a representative to
the Kingdom of Saidiriia, of the grade of envoy
extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary, who
shall receive for his services an annual compen-
sation of $12,000; and asecretary of legation, who
shall receive for his services an annual compen-
sation of $1,800.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I think it would be
peculiarly proper in us at this time to pass this
bill, so far as relates to the raising of the grade of
the mission to Sardinia. Not desiring to occupy
the time of the Senate with an argument on this
subject, I rise only to express my entire appro-
bation of the measure, and hope it will pass.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
GRAND CIIENIERE ISLAND.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Commit-
tee on Public Lands, to whom was referred the
bill (H, R. No. 288) recognizing the survey of
the Grand Chcnierc Island, State of Louisiana,
as approved by the surveyor general, and for
other purposes, have instructed mo to report it
back without amendment, and to recommend its
passage. The Senate has already passed a bill
of precisely the same purport; but the House of
Representatives, instead of acting upon our bill,
have overlooked, it and sent this here. The Com-
mittee on Public Lands have examined it, and
find it all right, and 1 am instructed to ask that it
be now put upon its passage.
There being no objection, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to confirm the anomalous survey of the Grand
Chenicre Island, in the southwestern district of
Louisiana, as approved by P. W. Boyd, sur-
veyor general, on the 28th day of February, 1852.
Persons residing thereon at the date of the present
act, who, according to the preemption laws now
in force, would be entitled to a preemption, are to
be allowed that right oirthe lands referred to in
the bill; but such preference right is to be con-
fined to the single subdivision of land upon which
the party may reside, and to exceed in no case
one hundred and sixty acres.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
CHICAGO IIARCOR.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to take up House
joint resolution No. 11, providing for the manner
of expending the unexpended balance of appro-
priation for repairing the works and piers, in
order to preserve and secure the light-house at
Chicago, Illinois, which stands on a motion to
reconsider this bill. When I called it up the other
day, it was objected that the Senator from Ala-
bama [Mr. Clay] was not present. I should like
to have it taken up, and acted on. I promise the
Senate to make no speech upon it. I simply de-
sire to have a vote, to know whether it is to be
reconsidered or not.
Mr. SLTDELL. If the Senator from Illinois
intends to press the passage of the resolution, I
have to say to him that it cannot pass without
protracted debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I said I would not discuss
it. I am willing that it shall be taken up and a
test vote taken on the reconsideration. If it is
not reconsidered, of course the resolution is
passed. If it is reconsidered, it will then be open
for debate. I have no desire to delay it. I merely
wish a vote.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will say to the Senator from
Illinois that, as he well knows, a test question
was madefon an identically similar case with re-
gard to the Oswego light-house. It is precisely
the same case—aiasc where thcie is a light-house
built at the end of a pier, and there is an appro-
priation made for securing the foundation of the
light-house. Ifit is necessary to secure the light-
house, the money is exactly where it ought to be,
under the control of the Light-House Board, and
they can, at any moment they please, use enough
of it to secure the foundation. This is simply an
attempt togethold of a fund from the Light-House
Board to put it to internal improvements in this
indirect mode. The Oswego case was argued here
at length on an appropriation bill, and by a large
vote, the Senate being full, the same proposition
was deliberately voted down.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This appropriation, in the
language of the law, in this case, is " for repair-
ing the works and piers, in order to preserve and
secure the light-house at Chicago, $87,000." We
do not ask any additional appropriation. AH we
want is that this money shall be used. The Sec-
letary of the Treasury has given, as I think, a
very narrow construction to the law. This reso-
lutionprovidesfor the disbursement of themoney,
as I think Congress originally contemplated it
should be disbursed; and I merely wish that we
may have a test vote upon the reconsideration of
the resolution.
MARY PRESTON.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
call up at this hour the special order, which is the
unfinished business of yesterday. It is the bill (S.
No. 291) for the relief of Mary Preston, widow of
George Preston. When the Senate adjourned, the
yeas and nays were being taken on the passage
of the bill, and no quorum voted. The question
now is on the passage of the bill, and the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. FITCH. It is well known that I have but
half an hour of the morning hour left for the con-
sideration of the importantmatter of the printing,
unless the Senator from Virginia yields the ap-
propriation bill. The bill of the Senator from Ar-
kansas, I presume, will not lead to debate, if the
Senator from Georgia is willing to let the vote be
taken. I do not know that I can interpose objec-
tion.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have given my opinion. It
is a pension; and of course it will pass, as they
all do.
Mr. BRIGHT. I wish to give notice that,
when the Senate meets atsix o'clock, after taking
the recess, 1 shall ask the Senate to proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
