1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
not—they would brand you as a traitor to your
country and its* institutions. That is the spirit
of the non-slaveholders of the South. There is
110 distinction between us—none; none at home;
none ever conjectured, until it'was conjectured in
the free States for the vilest purposes of treason.
I tell you, sir, that is the spirit,
A book of that sort is indorsed in blank, to be
circulated in a cheap form among the people;
intended, upon its face, to inflame dissension and
civil discord in the slave States, and among1 the
white people, too; and the excuse is given tor it
that it was not read in advance, and they did not
know what was to be put into it. Sir, they know
it now; they have known it here at least for the
last fortnight. They know that that vile incen-
diary in the northern States, at this hour, under the
recommendations which he takes with him from
these sixty-eight men, is peddling the vile book
among- your people, inperson,andhowmany are
banded with him, I do not know. You have
known it here for more than a fortnight, and your
cxcuso is that you were deceived, and that you
wrote your names too lightly; but, I ask, where
is the proclamation you have sent out to call back
this incendiary book, and to denounce it? Tell
me when that was done; when any one of these,
far less more than one, who have put their names
and the sanction of their names to that paper,
assembled together, or when they went simply to
countermand what they have done or to denounce
it. Nowhere—nowhere
Now, sir, again I say, this interests me only
as a part of the history of the times. Honor-
able senators on the other side of the floor have
said, and I do not doubt have said with sincerity jdi
that is to say for the time they have brought them-^
selves to the belief, that they want still to retain
and to foster and to cherish the fraternal affec-
tions that once existed between the different
sections of this Union. I ask them as men of
sense, how is it possible to reconcile their pro-
fessions with their actions? One of those hon-
orable Senators who seemed most fraternal in his
expressions—I allude to the Senator who offered
the pending amendment—in •shielding, as he at-
tempted to do, the party to which he says he
belongs from any responsibility for the late trea-
sonable incursion at f-Iarpcr's Ferry, in order to
prove that they were innocent, read to us here
from what he calls their book of principles, their
platform; and among the very first paragraphs
that he read, was one declaring that the institu-
tion of slavery and the instnution of polygamy
were twin relics of barbarism, and should be
classed and denounced together. That was a
very fraternal exhibition, coming from this party
who ask to be shielded from the appellation of
Abolitionists! I never read this book of princi-
ples, as they call it, and never saw it. I do know
that this party, now rejoicing m the name of the
Republican party, is one of very recent growth
under the new appellation. It appeared first in
the New England States, according to my recol-
lection. What name they then assumed, 1 do not
know. They were called the Know Nothing
party. Whether that was a term of derision, or
one that they assumed to themselves, i am unin-
formed. What name was then appropriated by
them, Idonot know. Their principles, then, were
those which had been got up by an ephemeral party
established a short time before, and a leaf from
whose book they seemed to have taken, called the
Native American party, for they entered upon a
crusade against all who were not native-born
Americans. I say, I do not know what name they I
assumed then, because all their acts were under-I
the ban of secrecy, and sworn secrecy. When !
the shell was broken* and they came out under !
their new appellation of the Republican party; !
then, if there was any puniiple of union among !
them; if thcie be at this day any principle of
union in this so-called Republican party; if there [
bo any principle of union which, if abandoned, j
would bring dissolution to the party and instant |
dissolution, it is the principle of abolition. ;
You may say, and say with truth if you please, ■
that there is a small party of men, whom you call i
fanatics in the New England States, who are the i
true Abolitionists, the real simon-pures, such
men as WendellPhillips, and Garrison, and Abby !
Kelly, as I believe her name is, who has unsexed ,
herself for the purpose, and others of that class, j
You may say, if you please, " they are the real 1
simon-pures, and wo claim to be purer than they
are; we are not Abolitionists, we arc Republi-
cans." If you arc not Abolitionists, why this
constant war upon slavery ? You say to us, " we
do not intend to interfere with slavery in the
States." The honorable Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Wade,] whose manly character none admire more
than i do, made the same profession here just
now: "we do not intend to interfere with slavery
in the States." Why,then, do you stigmatize it
as you do in your platform of principles, con-
necting it with the most indecent, loathsome, for-
bidden practices known to Christendom? If it
is a part of the principles of your party that you
do not intend to interfere with slavery in the States,
why do you indorse this book of Heifer's that
recommends civil discord and dissension and in-
ternecine war among the people in the slave States?
Old John Brown did exactly the same thing. He
declared more than once after he was in captivity,
that he never intruded to shed blood; that he came
there for no such purpose; and, he said further,
that, after he got there, he allowed no man to be
shot down who did not come with arms in his
hands. That was his profession; hut what was
his practice? One of the most respected and re-
spectable citizens o^ Harper's Ferry, who was
the mayor of the town, a man sixty years of ago,
while walking in the presence of his fellow-citi-
zens upon the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, not
only without the exhibition of arms but with
none, possibly a pen-knife in his pocket, because
ho was the clerk or the agent of the railroad com-
pany, was shot down and killed from the engine
house in front, some hundred yards off, where
old John Brown was with his men in command.
Yet he said he would have nobody shot down
that did not come with arms in his hands, just as
1 invar proclamation after proclamation m the face
of fact, " gentlemen you may go home Und be
contented; we do not intend to interfere with sla-
very in the States"—the profession on one side,
and the whole range of debate, contradicting it.
Mr. President, the honorable Senators again
have said on that side, with'some feeling, that
there is a sort of spirit of bravado among the
southern people looking to the approaching elec-
tion of a President, because it has been announced
over and over again that if an exponent of the
principles of the Republican party is elected, be
he who he may, as he mustof necessity be elected
by a purely sectional vote, on such principles and
purposes as have been proclaimed by that party,
a dissolution of the Union will ensue: and we are
threatened with trying to frighten you from your
propriety. If 1 know anything of the condition
of the southern Slates—a condition into which
they have been brought by the conduct of your
people, under your own lead; if I know anything
of the feeling of the people in the southern fetates,
the question will not be, shall the Union be dis-
solved? but the question among patriots—honest-
minded, flunking, responsible men there—will
be: is there any mode on God's earth by which
the Union can be preserved? That will be the
question—is there any mode left by which the
Union can be preserved > Sir, there will be no
restless or heated spirits there to bring about a
dissolution. If an effort is made, ii will be an
effort—and God giant that it may be a successful
one—to preserve the Union under the Constitu-
tion.
Now,* look at those. States, look at my own
honored State of Virginia, almost in a state of'
war, with warlike preparations going on in every
county, with troops in the field—her own native
troops, got together for the occasion, military law
prevailing m one portion of the State, and neces-
sarily; the Legislature now, embodying the mmd
of the people of Virginia, projecting what? Meas-
ures of defense at home, providing for an increase
of the military force, providing for the full and
complete arming of the whole State, and appro-
priating money for the purpose. That is what
now engages their attention; and honorable Sen-
ators are surprised that, in that state of the public
mind, citizens from other States should be ques-
tioned when they go mto it. Yes, sir, I doubt
not they are quos'iion^d, and are made to tell who
they arc, where they come from, and what their
business is; precisely any people, who are
remitted by the conduct of their neighbors to the
necessity of providing for their own safety, aic
obliged to do everywhere I say this has resulted
from the conduct of their own neighbors, the free
States, and the late issue of counsels,given—where*
perhaps, we may one of these days ascertain—?
the late issue at Harper's Ferry, which is con-
temptible only because it failed. Why! have
Senators not looked forward to know what an
insurrection of slaves in slavery is ? That that
man, Brown, purposed it, none can fdoubt; agd
that he had tlie means, so far as weapons a 4
ammunition went, none can doubt. 3 sjud here
onco before, and I take pride in repeating it, the
State of Virginia was saved from insurrection
among her slaves, only by the loyalty of the
slaves. Yes, sir, that those fields do not now
present a scene of incendiarism and blood is owing
only to the loyalty of the slaves upon the soil of
Virginia. I say the attempt is contemptible only
because it failed, and it did not fail for the want
of abundant means to carry the plan into exe-
cution.
That being the state of things, honorable Sen-
ators, who live at a distance in these free States
which they commend so highly, may entertain
their opinions whether it was wise or unwise in
the Governor of Virginia to bring this military
array into Virginia. They may entertain their
own opinions as to whether it is fraternal or
whether it is quarreling to question the citizens
of their States when they come into that State;
but to appreciate the actual state of things they
mustliave been there, forming apart of the popula-
tion, forminga part of the society, holding a paH of
the responsibilities of that society, to have knowB
what it was for armed men to come from other
States bringing with them arms and munitions of
war to incite the slaves to insurrection, and to
see that their conduct, after they were seized and
put to death, not only did not meet with repro-
bation and execration, but in your churches, in
your pulpits, in your social gatherings, among
the simon-pures of the Abolition party at least,
he was held up as a hero, and the only regret ex-
pressed was that the. expedition failed.
Now, Mr. President, it is not remarkable, I
should think—I know it will not appear so in
history—that, under a Constitution which was
intended to promote domestic tranquillity and the
public peace, when we see practices such as
these from the neighboring Statqs, the people of
the slaveholding States met their responsibilities,
and armed—armed for their own defense and
their own protection.
1 have taken no part in the debate, as Senators
will bear me witness. I was anxious that the
resolution should pass at once, for it is simple
resolution of inquiry. All Senators on that side
of the Chamber have expressed their readiness to
vote for it; but it is to be encumbered, if their
votes should prevail, with a proposition on a to-
tally different question, of a totally different char-
acter, and which, from its very terms, is intended
to present the resolution on the paf t of the State
of Virginia in mockery. The occurrence at Har-
per's Ferry had its own aspects. The purpose
was insurrection. It had its own aspects in va-
rious forms, and the resolution was directed to
each one of those aspects, to get at the facts. The
honorable Senator from Illinois takes up anot-
cirrrenoe of some four years' standing, which re-
sembles this in nothing except that there a portion
of the public arms was seized from a public de-
pository, and reiterates the words of the resolu-
tion from Virginia, and demands a similar inquiry
into that. It is the reiteration of mockery. It
can be received in no other sense. The Senator
is responsible for his own acts; lhavc no right to
hold him to account; I do not presume to do it; I
only want to expose the necessary aspect of this
thing before my people as well as before the coun-
try. If wo are to have this inquiry let us have it.
If you are entitled to an inquiry on any other
subject, ask for it, and lay a foundation for it;
but if you connect it with this, the result must be
of necessity, whether designed or not, either to
overshadow it or to obscure it, to mingle it up
with other matters and take away the good results,
if any, that arc to be derived from getting at the
facts in this case. I do not say so, therefore, in
any spirit of bravado, I say it as a matter of duty
on my part, I cannot take the resolution with that
amendment to it. If it should be the pleasure of
the Senate to let the amendment prevail, I wash
my hands of it, and we will make the inquiry in
the best way we can at home. *
