THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, JUNE 18, 1860.
New Series No. 192.',
on the passage of the bill for the relief of Mary
Preston, widow of George Preston.
Mr. FITCH. Is it competent for the member
who called for the yeas and nays to withdraw the
' The VICE PRESIDENT. Only by unanimous
consent.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
call the roll upon the passage of the bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 1G; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brag?, Cameron, Chandler,
Chesnut, Dixon, Fessendon, Fitch, Foot, Fobtet, Gieen,
Guinea, Gwm, Harlan, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of
IVune&see, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Polk, Pu<>h, Sebas-
tian, Sewaid, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck/Truinbuli,
Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—J30.
NAlrS—Messrs. Bingham, Blight, Brown, Clark, Cling-
man. Doolittle, Hale, Hunter, King, Mason, ltice, Salis-
bury, Sluleil, Toombs, Wigfall. and Yulee—16.
So the bill was passed.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) The special oider now is the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 22) in relation to the pub-
lic printing. The Secretary will read it.
The Secretary proceeded to read the joint res-
olution.
Mr. HUNTER. The hour of twelve o'clock
has come. I move to postpone the prior orders for
the purpose of taking up the Navy appropriation
bill, it is the last appropriation bill 1 have, and
I hope we shall be able to get through with it by
the recess to-day, and that will give time for com-
mittees of conference to be at work.
Mr. FITCH. 1 trust the motion of the Sena-
tor from Virginia will not prevail. It the naval
appropriation bill is the last he has, surely there
is ample time to consider it. This is a special or-
der; there is no special order except this, and I
hope the Senate will continue its consideration
until jt is disposed of.
Mr. IlUNTElt. I can give my friend a rea-
son for taking up the naval appropriation bill.
After we get the bill through the Senate, while
the committees of conference are at work, the two
Houses can be considering other business; and,
probably, he may then get up his bill. Let us
get the naval appropriation bill out of the way:
so that we may be settling the appropriation bills
in conferences this evening.
Mr. F1TC1I. The Senator well knows that
when a bill is taken up, and hud aside, the hope
of taking it up at a subsequent period of the same
day is futile. In the struggle for priority of busi-
ness, the bill will be lost sight of, and perhaps not
reached again. I am very confident that the dis-
cussion of this matter will be continued but a
short time. 1 have no disposition to debate it for
a moment, but simply to answer interrogatories
in regard to it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope we shall go on with
the printing bill.
Mr. BAYARD. I think there is a strong reason
for continuing the consideration of the joint res-
olution of the Senator from Indiana, because, if
wo do not pass it at this session, it becomes nu-
gatory, and it will be in vain to pass it at the next
session. There will not be time to make the
necessary preparation for it then. If you pass it
at this session, you achieve what I consider of
immense importance—the severance of thepublie
press from all connection with the printing of
Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 hope the appropriation
bill will be taken up. This printing bill must
necessarily lead to a good deal of debate. It is a
very important measure, and it ought to be dis-
cussed thoroughly. If we go on with it now, it
may take the whole day, and we shall have the
appropiiation bill running into the night. We
do not know yet but that we shall have to ad-
journ on Monday. The appropriation bill can
be disposed of in a reasonable time; and then,
as stated by the chairman of the Committee on
Finance,a committee of conference can be at work
upon it, whereas if we postpone it for this bill,
we have to run into the night, and perhaps into
to-morrow, with the appropriation bill itself. The
only result will be to keep us up all night proba-
bly. Certainly it is a matter that can be post-
poned for the present. We have now got to a
period in the session when everybody of experi-
ence here knows that the appropriation bills must
be disposed of first, and it will not do to put them
off until the last moment, and postpone them for
general legislation. I really hope we shall take
up the naval appropriation bill and dispose of it.
It cannot take a great while. There is not much
dispute about it. Then the way will be clear for
this legislation.
Mr. KING. Both these bills ought undoubt-
edly to pass; but I think we ought not to give
the printing bill the go-by.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not proposed to give
it the go-by. One of these two bills is absolutely
essential, and the other may be deferred. One
may keep us here a longer time.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not think it probable that
Congress can adjourn by Monday; and one thing
is very certain, the appropriation bills will not
be lost. Congress will not adjourn if an appro-
priation bill is not passed; but they may adjourn,
and give this bill the go-by, and yet if it is not
passed at this session it fails for this Congress,
becausc it cannot be practically carried out ac-
cording to its provisions, unless it be passed at
the present session.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is no doubt of the
necessity of this reform, and this is our last chance
to get at it. I do not believe the joint resolution
will lead to any long debate. The Committee on
Printing have no disposition to discuss it, except,
as the chairman says, to answer any objections
which may be suggested to it. I hope we shall
go on with it.
Mr. KING. I do not know what debate it
may lead to; but whatever it may be, it is as im-
portant a measure as there is before Congress.
The exhibition of facts made m both Houses of
Congress shows that it is a measure of reform;
and we shall soonest get rid of it by now con-
tinuing with it, and disposing of it while we are
at it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is an assumption of the
Senator from New York that this is a measuie of
jeform. I doubt very much whether it is a meas-
ure of reform; whether it is not, on the other
hand, a measure of great additional expenditure.
It contemplates the establishment of a bureau,
the creation of offices, and a vast expense, audit
ought to be looked into.
Mr. ANTHONY. No creation of oificcs.
Mr, FESSENDEN. Yesitis. You begin with
a creation of one. Once make a great printing
establishment to be carried on under tins Govern-
ment, and God only knows where it will end. .
Mr. ANTHONY'. Unless the gentleman calls
a compositor who sets up type an officer, it does
not create any additional officers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator had had
as much observation as some others here of how
tiiese matters grow up from veiy small begin-
nings into large establishments, he, perhaps,
would not have so strong an impression in regard
to it.
Mr. KING. Whether it is a measure of reform
or not, depends on what shall be done with it. I
am in favor of the contract system, and letting the
printing out to the lowest bidder; but, at any rate,
I am desirous to settle the question. I am not
desirous to continue a discussion as to the char-
acter of the bill. It is a proposition to produce
a change of a system which has led to great
abuse.
Mr. SEWARD. It seems to me, Mr. Presi-
dent, that the country expects, that Congress owes
it to the coumry, to make a change in our piint-
mg system. I do not know that the change will
not produce a system that will lesuit in as great
abuse; but, at all events, there is only one thing
we cundoin contemplation of existing abuse, and
that is, to make some change—adopt cither the I
one or the other of these two expedients, and !
there never will be a fitter time than now. I hope,
therefore, we shall continue with it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on postponing the joint resolution before the
Senate, for the purpose of taking up the naval
appropriation bill.
The motion was not agreed to—ayes 19, noes
22.
The Secretary continued and concluded .the
reading of the joint resolution. It proposes to
authorize and direct the Superintendent of Public
Printing to haveexecuted theprintingand binding
authorized by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives, the executive and judicial departments,
and the Court of Claims. And to enable him to
carry out that object, he is to be authorized and
directed to contract for the erection or purchase
of the necessary buildings, machinery, and ma-
terials; the contract for which, however,is to be
subject to the approval of the joint Committee on
Printing of the two Houses of Congress, and the
sum contractcd to be paid is not to exceed $150,000.
It is to be the duty of the Superintendent of Pub-
lic Printing to superintend all the printing and
binding, the purchase of paper, other necessary
mateiials, and machineiy, and the employment
ofproof-readcrs,compositors,pressmen,laborers,
and other hands necessary to execute the orders
of Congress, and of the executive and judicial de-
partments, at the city of Washington. To enable
the Superintendent more effectually to perform
the duties of his office, he is to appoint a foreman
of printing, at an annual salary of $1,800, and a
foreman of binding, at an annual salary of $1,500;*
and no one is to be appointed to those positions
who is not practically and thoroughly acquainted
with their respective trades. It is to be the duty
of the foremen of printing and binding to make
out and deliver to the Superintendent, monthly
statements of the work done in their respective
departments, together with monthly pay-rolls,
which shall contain the names of the persons em-
ployed, the rate of compensation, and amount due
to each, and the service for which it shall be due.
They are also to make out estimates of the amount
and kind of materials required, and file requisitions
therefor, from time to time, as it may be needed,
and receipt for the same to the Superintendent.
The foremen are to be held accountable for all
materials so received by them. The Superintend-
ent is at no time to employ more hands in the
public printing and binding establishment than
the absolute necessities of the public work may
require; and he is to report to Congress, at the
beginning of each session of Congress, the num-
ber of hands employed, and the length of time
each has been employed.
The Superintendent is to take charge of, and
be responsible for, all manuscriptsand othermat-
ter to be printed, engraved, or lithographed, and
cause the same to be promptly executed; and he
is to render to the Secretary of the Treasury,
quarterly, a full account of all purchases made
by him, and of all printing and binding done in
the said office for each of the Houses of Congress,
and for each of the executive and judical depart-
ments. For the payment of the work and the
materials, advances arc to be made to the Super-
intendent, fiom time to time, as the public service
may require it, and under such rules as the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may prescribe, but at no
time shall tho money advanced exceed two thirds
of the penalty of his bond. The Superintendent
is to settle the account of his receipts and dis-
bursements in the manner now required of other
disbursing officers. The Superintendent is not
to be allowed credit at the Treasury forpayments
on account of services rendered in the printing
establishment, at higher prices than those paid
foi similar scivices in the private printing and
binding establishments of the city of Washington.
It is to be the duty of the Superintendent to charge
himself, in a separate book to be kept therefor,
with all paper and other materials received by
him for the public use, and to furnish the same
to the foremen employed by him, on their requi-
sitions, as the public service may require, taking
