150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 merely wish, Mr.Presi-
dent, to say a single word, to correct the truth of
history. The Senator from Virginia lias stated
that the Republican party originated m New Eng-
land; from Know Nothingism. It is nottrue, sir;
it had no such origin; it originated hi no such
place, and from no such source. The'Republican
party was born in the Stale of Michigan, on the
sixth day of July, 1854, and had no origin from
Know Nothingism, or any other, thing, except
the outrageous—I will use the term—the infamous
repeal of the time-honored Missouri compromise
by the Congress of that year, it was christened
the Republican party at its birth. It is perfectly
evident that the Senator from Virginia knows
nothing at all about the Republican party, its
origin, its ends, or its aims. He does not know
anything about its birth or its principles. I
merely wished to correct, the misapprehension on
his part, that it was burn m New England, or any
where else, out of the State of Michigan. There
is where it was born, sir; and we giory in lhe
production of such a child.
Mr. BICILER. Mr. President, when the Sen-
ator from Virginia offered tins resolution, 1 hoped
it would pass the Senate by common consent. It
relates to an exceedingly important subject, one
about which the whole country was deeply agi-
tated, and which it seemed to me even this body
could not trifle with, much less encumber the
proposition with the amendment offered by the
^emitorfrom Illinois. I should have gladly voted
immediately for the original pioposition, and
against the amendment oi the Senator from .Illi-
nois. I shall now vote ngamst the amendment.
I shall vote against that piopositum under .my
circumstances. 1 am liotw dling to assimilate the
investigation of an affair so unimportant, a matter
of which we have already heard all perhaps that
can be developed, with a subject so grave as that
proposed by the Senator from Virginia.
Now,sir, I had little inclination to discussthis
general subject presented by the resolution; fori
am sure all wiii agree that there is that measure
of ngiiation, throughout the whole eountiy.as to
make it the duly of all to forbear as far as possible.
Neither party to the issue will be jusiith d in add-
ing fuel to t*he flame, whi< h is aheady burning
in all parts of the country. I ha\e been f\uful
that the debate might grow so extreme on this
floor, as to heighten the excitement which exists
as well in the North as in the South. I doubt
whether, at any previous period m the history of
this country, the people ha^ been so deeply
agitated on questions nivol\m<; the peace of the
country. I am very much misinformed, if the
agitation amongst the great mass of the southern
people is not at a higher point to-day, on the
slavery question, than at any previous period; and
whilst I regret that fact, whilst 1 lament n, whilst
I would have if otherwise, if possible, 1 cannot
close my eyes to cmcumsfaaces which could not
fail to produce such a sta'e of feeling.
The i.iid of Brown m Virginia is not, to my
mind, the principal of the circumstances which
have produced this state of feeling. I think the
developments which have surrounded that affair;
the developments which an- now so freely made
in reference to the proceedings in Kansas; the
outrages of old man Brown himself, whilst there*,
the murders thai wic committed,and ihe violent
measures which were adop'ed to control the po-
litical sentiments of tluit Temtoiy, which were
at one tout1 denied, but now admitted, tend to
disgust the popular mind \\ lib the men uho coun-
Ne\t came Uie
tenam^d the lawless measure,
developments of Captain Forbes
states that he was engaged o> <
fry by anti-slavery men, tw an.
iiit( rfercncc with slavery m th
Kansas also, and t
par'y
the
should control the derision of th" s!,i\ or
foreimiei. who
1 tO ihlN V Dllll-
C a systi m of
'a test< < an to
U'hich i
ry question j
by physical violence. This man Forbes, it seems, j
differed with Brown, as to the plan of operations. ;
lie would have organized a different scheme of ;
interference with the southern States, ile pie- !
furred a system of stampeding the slaves from j
their northern borders; ap'an of organizations of I
companies at diffejeut jmuits along the Inn be- j
Uveen PennsyUania and Virginia, and along the i
more north' rly siav< holding States, by wluch he j
could ateal rh" property nf the people and carry !
it off to C&nada. That that man was eounte- '
nanced, and,^o some extern. by men holdingpub- i
; lie position in this country, will not be seriously
I denied.
Then camc the Heifer book, to which the Sen-
ator from Virginia has referred with so much feel-
ing and eloquence and conclusive argument. Sir,
f confess my amazement that members of Con-
gress should have led themselves to countenance,
to any extent, a work so dircctly calculated to
engender the worst possible feeling between the
people of the northern and the southern States,
and, as the Senator from Virginia has well said,
not only between the slaveholding and non-slave-
holding States, but between the slaveholding and
non-slavcholding citizens of the same States;
countenancing domestic feuds of the bitterest char-
acter; advising non-intercourse between those
who have slaves and those who have none; ad-
vising one class of people to separate themselves
from another. No circumstances could be better
calculated to inflame angry passions in the South
than those to which 1 have referred.
Then came the numerous demonstrations in
reference to old Brown himself: the manifest auons
of sympathy with the man if not with his acts.
1 agree that these were not so general as'some of
the Senators on this side hav-o supposed, but they
were imposing; they were witnessed at every im-
portant point throughout the northern States.
The Legislature of Massachusetts came within
three votes of adjourning, as a mark of consider-
ation for Mr. "Grown. A meeting was held at
Cleveland; another, 1 am sorry to say. was held
at Philadelphia, and a number in New York city;
and worse than all, cannon was fired at Albany
under the direction of an appointee of Governor
Morgan. In some instances, Brown was digni-
fied into a martyr, and, in others, extolled in the
most blasphemous language.
Now., sir, you know, and every Senator here
knows, that I'do not concur in all that is said
by my southern friends on this subject, and I do
not wish to be understood at ihis time as inti-
mating, in the present angry controversy so dnn-
geious to the peace of the country, that 1 think
them faultless. No, sir; there are often sentiments
enunciated by them that are well calculated to pro-
duce retaliation and recrimination in the North—
sentiments ladicully wrong and offensive. I
would gladly arrest this conflict both North and
South. Put, sir, my main purpose m rising was
to call attention to some points m the remarks of
ihe Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wadk] this morn-
ing; the most palpable error which he could have,
possibly eommiticd was his attempt to brenk the
force of ihe allegations which were made, that to
some extent, the Abolition party, with which he
is identified, were responsible for the outrage? of
Brown, by referring to the career of a wretched
man m Kansas. He says he condemns emphat-
ically nil demonstrations of sympathy with the
acts of Brown. He disavows it for himself and
for those with wh^m 1m is associated, and, of
course, 1 cheerfully accept any disavowal made
by a Senator onUus floor for himself or his friends.
I am glad to hear the disavowal. But what next
did the Senator do > Ho gave us the history of
thU man Blown in Kansas, and undertook to
show that there were reasons in it why he should
command sympathy in the North; that his career
there should commend him to the favor, or rather
to the sympathy of a large class of the northern
people, and if ( did not misunderstand him, to
j himself and ins party.. So far at least as Brown
\ operated against the establishment of slavery in
; Kansas, that good work which he had done there
i ihe Senotor was re;uly to commend.
| Now, so , thai 'snot ib' judgment of the people
, of Kansas; thatu not the view (if even the Rc-
, publicans of Kansas. The HeivAi of Freedom,
| at Lawrence, published by a men wiio proposes
to make Mr. Chase, of Ohio, President, and Mr.
Ranks, of Massachusetts, Vice President—the
leadmgRepublicjn organ in that Territory—so far
ftoni acknowledging Mr. Brown as having been
a useful man there, speaks of his career as one
full of mischief to the people. 1 do not want to
say one word on my own authority about this
unhappy man,who hasexpiau d lnsoffcnses on the
gallows. I would it were possible!') bury fhe whole
of this whole story of h:s wrongv, and to wipe it
from the history of the country: biu 1 think it due
to a correct, public judgment, ond with a view to
correct this grounded feeling in the North among
men who may mistake the character of this man
Brown, that I should notice briefly what those
say of him who acted with him in Kansas.
What docs this leading Republican paper say
of Brown? It states, without any kind of hesi-
tation or qualification, that which would have been
denied in this body when the Lecompton question
was under consideration, that Mr. Brown came
there armed by the anti-slavery men of the North;
it describes his arrival in the Territory; it states
that Brown manifested a desire, at some town in
the northwestern part of New York, to go to
Kansas, and to fight what he called the fight, of
freedom; but he would not go without arms and
money, tie was immediately supplied. He went
to Kansas; and, in a very brief time, he showed
his capacity to disturb the public, peace. He was
very soon in disfavor with leading men of the
anti-slavery party, because of his extreme views
and his mischievous measures. "We find him at
Lawrence, in the fall of 1855, with four of his
sons, armed with broadswords, and revolvers in
their pockets, prepared for war. In May, 1856,
according to the testimony of the Herald of
Freedom, Mr. Brown headed a murderous foray
which went out in the dead of night and called
up, one after another, five helpless citizens, and
murdered them m the most cold-blooded manner.
I will not repeat the testimony which identifies
this man with these crimes, because it was given i
at length the day before yesterday by the Senator
from Tennessee. 1 only allude to it. It is not
necessary to give it in detail, for no one will deny
the facts. Mr. Ha iris, however, swears posi-
tively to Mr. Brown being the commander of that
^murilerous foray. Young Mr. Doyle describes
(Rlie commander as an old man with a slender
face* and the identity is too perfect to admit of a
doubt.
Where next does Mr. Brown make his appear-
ance in Kansas? At the head of a marauding
party, near Fort Scott, indulging in violence and
rapine. What next? What next of this man,
Brown, whose eureer in Kansas the Senatorfrom
Ohio thinks might well excite the admiration of
the anti-slaver)' party in the East ? "Why, sir, his
ncKt outrage was an expedition into Missouri,
where he murdered or instigated the murder of a
Mr. Ch^w, and carried his slaves off to Canada.
Then he spent a brief period m the North, per-
haps recruiting bis stores and his arms, and re-
turned again to Kansas.
What next, sir? The Herald of Freedom states
that he was a party to an organization at, Law-
rence, to take the life of any man, free-State or
pro-slavery, who should accept office under the
Lecompton constitution, and that the evidence is
in the possession of respectable men at Lawrence.
Next, he conceived his scheme of an aggression
upon some sovereign State. He must carry this
work of his further than the Territories, and it is
staled that so extreme and cruel were his schemes,
thot even the highwayman Montgomery shrank
from thein, and separated from Brown because of
his cruelty. Next, he is in Iowa, with a body of
men, drilling and preparing them for an expedi-
tion into some slave State. Perhaps he had not
then fixed the scene of his action; but it was de-
sirable that he should have men drilled, as com-
manders, in case a sla\e insurrection could bo
brought about. Next, he is gathering his muni-
tions of war and his men in Virginia, to make on
assault upon the helpless and quiet town of Har-
: per's Fctry. The preparations are made, and
; the attack is made m the silent houi of the night,
j and helpless and quiet citizens are slain m the
: streets. Drown gets possession of the armory.
j'Two of his sons are with him, and it is said that,
! when they were shot down dead by his side, he
■ rebuked one of th'm for crying aloucl with agony,
j I do not know whether this statement be true or
j not. I saw it stated in a very authoritative form,
: in tin; papers, by those who were on the spot.
! The Senator from Maryland [Mr. Kennedy]
says it is true, and was told to him by Mr. Wash-
■ ington, who was a prisoner in the armory. What
I next? The wretched man is conquered; he is
' taken off to the courts for trial; he is convicted;
sentenced to be hung; he is next on the gallows,
reeking with the blood of his fellow-citizens, cov-
ered all over with infamy and crime, with a career
of four years behind him unprecedented in the
history of crime m this country.
Now, sir, that there could te any sympathy
for this man, or demonstration as a mark of respect
