1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL fJLOBE.
Gentlemen have referred to the manner in which
this discontinuance has operated. Why. sir, in
my district the service has been literally slaugh-
tered. Every cabin which dots the prairies has
felt the effect of this action of the Post Office
Department. Tri-weekly mails, which existed
twenty years ago, when I first went to the West,
have been cut down to once a week. The great
daily mail line from Galena and Dubuque to the
upper Mississippi, where the business connec-
tions are intimate and important, was discontin-
ued entirely; and no man could send a letter from
Galena or Dubuque to St. Paul, by mail, unless
it went nearly two hundred miles east to Chicago,
and back to the West the same distance injmother
direction. That i§ the only part of the Missis-
sippi river, from New Orleans to the fails of St.
Anthony, where there was not a mail service.
But the Postmaster General deemed it neccssary
to abrogate the contract entirely for carrying this
mail—a contract made with a steamboat company
that invested a large amount of capital in provid-
ing steamboats in order to carry it out; and yet
the Postmaster General felt it to be his duty to
strike it down, and leave that company with its
boats and preparations for the service upon their
hands, and with a contract, entered into in good
faith, violated and broken.
Let me tell gentlemen who speak of the expense
of this matter, that Congress eventuallj^will have
to pay more than the amount which willmeet the
expense of this restoration, in damages duo to
contractors, for the abrogation and violation of
these contracts. The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Smith] suggested an objection—I fear I have
not time to answer it in the remainder of my five
minutes—that the Postmaster General may have
since made contracts for service upon these routes,
and that the contractors have thrown up certain
routes. Well, sir, what is the law? Where a
contractor abandons his route, the law is, I be-
lieve, that the Postmaster General shall advertise
for bids for the service; and if the contract is let
at a rate higher than the original contract, then
the original contractor is liable for the amount of
the difference.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, by unanimous con-
sent, withdrew his amendment to the amendment-.
. Mr. BURNETT. I move to strike out the pro-
viso. The deficiency in the Post Office Depart-
ment is, as I am informed, about six million dol-
lars. By a restoration of the service, as proposed
in this bill, we shall shall increase that deficiency
to $8,000,000. Now, sir, I find that where the
shoe pinches here with gentlemen is, the discon-
tinuance of mail service in their particular locali-
ties; yet not one single one of these gentlemen has
presented the reasons which were given, or which
exist, and which operated upon the Postmaster
General, for the discontinuance of that service.
There are instances in which the Postmaster Gen-
eral has reduced the service on particular routes
from daily to tri-weekly, or once a week; and yet,
if the contractor, in violation of his contract and
of the express rule of the Post Office Department,
has gone on and carried the mail daily, we are to
pay him the same amount as though the service
had never been curtailed.
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Craig]
saysthat certain mail routes in his colleague's dis-
trict have been discontinued, and that the mails
are now carried on horseback or on muleback.*1
think that was his expression, I wish to say that
it never was the intention of the Government, in
establishing mail routes, to establish lines of mail
coaches for the accommodation of the public; and
I believe that the Postmaster General, if such a
law does not now exist, ought to be required to
let out the mail contract^ in every instance on
what are known as star bids, the contractor to
carry the mails upon horses or mules, or in stage
coaches, just as he pleases. That is my doctrine.
I believe that this whole system of carrying the
mails in coaches through the country is wrong,
and that it ought to be discontinued. It is taxing
the people of the country for the benefit of the !
traveling public; and that is wrong. |
Mr. Chairman, 1 have one Other remark to make, i
Mail routes have been discontinued in Kentucky, j
I do not say that the Postmaster General in each J
case has exercised a sound discretion; but I do i
say that gentlemen ought not, when the Pfpstmas- j
ter General is not responsible for the failure of 1
the appropriations to enable him to carry on his
Department, to censure him for the exercise of
his discretion in discontinuing the service upon
mail routes where he believes it to be unneces-
sary. That is the position I occupy.
Now, we left him without money; we left him
without any provision to carry on the mail ser-
vice. The gentlemen who have assailed him will
bear me witness'of the exertions which he made
for the purpose of supplying the country with
mail facilities.
^ Mr. GARNETT, I move that the committee
rise.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, Called for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Craig of
Missouri, and Hatton were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 34, noes 84.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. SHERMAN, 1 wish to make a sugges-
tion to the committee in regard to the disposition
of this proposition for the restoration of mail ser-
vice. I propose that the friends of the measure,
as it now stands, for the restoration of mail ser-
vice, be allowed to perfect the propositions ac-
cording to their pleasure; and that then the vote
shall ho ta*ken on striking out the whole proviso.
For myself, 1 shall vote in favor of striking it all
out.
Several Members. We agree to that.
Mr. COLFAX. 1 will say that, so far as the
Post Office Committee arc concerned, we have no
objection to a separate vole being taken upon it
in the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Mis-
souri.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, by unanimous con-
sent, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Do I understand
that it is agreed on all sides thaf there shall he a
separate vote on this proviso in the House, upon
the yeas and nays r
A general assent was expressed.
Mr. COLFAX. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads to offer the
following amendment: in the fourteenth line In-
sert, after the word " limitation,''the words: " or
where improved service over such routes has been
furnished by railroad or otherwise;" so that the
clause will read:
That the Postmaster Ceneial is hereby directed tore-
store the inland service on all the loutes under contract on
the 4th Match, 1859, unless the same have expired by their
own limitation, or wheie unpiovud sin vice ovei such route
has been luruMied by railroad or otherwise.
The amendment was agreed to
Mr. COLFAX. 1 move, by instruction of the
same committee, to amend in the fifteenth line, by
striking out the words " servicc has," and insert-
ing the words 44 trips have;" so that the clause
will read:
And where the trips have been actually performed by
the contractor notwithstanding such discontinuance, the
Postmanei General shall pav the contractors as il'no change
had been oidered ; but the Postmaster Genial shall not be
requited to restore the service on any ot said routes beyond
one daily mail each way.
This amendment is necessary, for the reason
that, by the technical construction of the Depart-
ment, the word "service"would refer exclusively
to mail service performed. What we desire is,
that the contractors shall be paid for the number of
trips actually made, notwithstanding the reduc-
tion of the service by the Department.
Mr. BURNETT. Then the meaning of that
amendment, as I understand it, is this: that not-
withstanding no mail service may have been per-
formed, notwithstanding no mail-bag may have
been carried, yet if, for instance, the trips were
performed by a steamer, for the purpose of com-
merce or the carriage of passengers, this Govern-
ment is to pay the full amount of the contract for
carrying the mail.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the gen-
tleman permit me one moment? When these trips
were performed by the contractors, in accordance
with their contract with Government, and the
Department refused to give them the mail, ought
not the contractors to be paid r
Mr. BURNETT. Take, for instance, a steam*
boat on one of our western rivers, which may j
have contracted with the Government to carry a j
daily mail, which contract was abrogated by the 1
Postmaster General, or reduced to a tri-Weekly
service; but the. steamer, in pursuit of trade and
commerce, continued to make daily'tri^s: is it
right to call upon the public Treasury to f>ay these
contractors for service six times a week, when they:
have rendered service to Government only three
times a week ? Have they any claims upon the-
Treasury ? Is there an y justice in such a demand ?
If so, where do you find it? The Post Office De-
partment has decided that these trips were not
necessary, and have reduced the number; they
have only carried the mail three times a week,
yet these gentlemen say they must have pay for
carryirig^t six times. As has been suggested in
some instances, another route has been "substi-
tuted; and I understand there is a particular in-
stance of this kind which it is intended to cover
by this proviso.
Mr. Chairman, there is another aspect of this
matter to which I wish to direct the attention of
the committee. The Postmaster General has
power, under the law, not only to reduce the
number of trips, but also to liquidate any dam-
ages which may occur in consequence of such
reduction. Now, the Department may in many
instances have paid damages to the parties whose
contracts have been interfered with, and yet thitf
provision will, in addition to that, give them their
full compensation. I Isay that, for one, that char-
acter of legislation does not mefet my approval.
I cannot vote for it. I believe it is wrong;. I believe
that the parties who were original contractors are
not entitled to such relief on any principle of jus-
tice or equity.
Mr. CRAlG, of Missouri. I move to amend
the amendment, by striking out the word "actu-
ally " in the fifteenth line.
Mr. Chairman, I admit that, in the case put by
th*> gentleman from Kentucky, if such a case ex-
ists, it would be wrong to make such compensa-
tion; and, so far as I am concerned, as a member
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, if such a case can be named, I will move
to except it from the operation of this proviso.
But, sir, I desire to mention a case, and, unlike
the gentleman from Kentucky, i will give the name
of the parties. A contractor by the name of Rob-
erts has furnished evidence to me and to the com-
mittee of which 1 am a member, that his contract
for daily mail service was cut down to twice a
week. At that time his route was over so public
a thoroughfare as, while he could carry the majl
in one coach daily, he could not carry it twice a
week. Heoff«red that if the Postmaster General
would give him the mail, he would carry it daily
and take the risk of getting his pay, but the Post-
master General refused to allow the mail to be
delivered to him except twice a week. Finding
that he could not carry it in one coach, he asked
the Postmaster Genera! to release him from his
contract saying, " you have reduced my trips,
you have Increased my service, and you nave re-
duced my pay; let me off from my contract."
The Postmaster General not only refused to do
that, but told him that if he threw up the con-
tract he would withhold from him the quarter's
pay then due. This man finally succeeded in ob-
taining an order to deliver the mail every other
day.
There was another instance of a similar nature
in which I only succeeded in obtaining the order,
on giving a written promise that the contractor
should never come to Congress for damages on
account of the issuance of the order, nor baseafiy *
claim for pay thereon. This was required of the
contractor for the poor privilege of carrying the
mail according to the original contract, over a
great thoroughfare, when to reduce, the number of
trips actually increased the expenses by the addi-
tional number of horses and coaches required. It
was to meet cases of that kind that this was put
in. If the gentleman can name a steamboat con-
tract of the description he mentions, I will offer
an amendment to exclude it from the operation of
this bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman has
got off the contract altogether. He does not re-
spond to me at all.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I am upon the
track; but the gentleman has not been upon the
track all day. [Laughter.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a question
of order. Since the gentleman retorts in the way
he does, I must make a point of order.
