1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151
for him, is almost incredible; it is humiliating to
admit that such was the case; and I am glad tiiat
every Senator on this floor can get up and say,
as we hear tnem say with much earnestness, that
they have no sympathy with Mr. Brown's acts
and outrages; that they had no part in aiding or
abetting him, nor had their party friends; that no
member of the Republican party sympathizes with
Mr. Brown, or favored his atrocious schemes.
I accept all the disclaimers, as they choose to
give them. I am glad to do so; but, sir, there
is something behind all this which they, as a
party, ought to consider. They will not jleny
that there is a party of men in the eastern and
northern States who sympathize with Brown—I
do not mean with the man, but with his acts—who
did, by their sentiments and means, encourage
Brown to believe that it was right to use violence
in order to overthrow slavery; whose teachings
would seem to be a warrant to a man like Mr.
Brown, to make any aggression on a southern
State that ho might choose to make. That will
not be denied; nor will it be denied that a large
class ofthese men voted with the Republican party
at the last presidential election. The Wendell
Phillips, Gerrit. Smith, and Chcever school, I ad-
mit, do not agree with everything that the Repub-
lican party say; but they prefer the Republican
party to any other in this country; and, whilst
the Republicans deny that they are Abolitionists,
in some way or other they managed to get these
extreme Abolitionists to vote with them. They
nrast have believed that, in some way or other,
the Republican party intended to abolish slavery
in the States.
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the gentleman ii] 
dulge me for a moment ? Does he say that Gernr
Smith and Garrison, and their followers, voted
with the Republican party?
Mr. BIGLER. I spoke of that school of poli-
ticians.
Mr. COLLAMER. Neither of the men ! have
mentioned vote with the Republican party.
Mr. BIGLER. I do not say that Gerrit Smith
did himself vote with them; but I say a large por-
tion of the Abolition party did, and it will be neces-
sary that a large portion of the Abolition party
do it again, if you carry the northern States, as
you think you will carry them. Why , sir, I un-
derstand that Gerrit Smith alleges to this day that
he would have had a large vote for 'Governor of
New York, in 1858, perhaps forty or fifty thou-
sand, if it had not been for Mr. Seward's Roches-
ter speech. The irrepressible conflict was neces-
sary to save New York in 1858.
Now, it will be a very easy matter for our Re-
publican friends, if they desire to settle this ques-
tion on the principles of the Constitution, to bring
it about. They can do more to allay tlus agita-
tion in the North than any other party. They
can separate from these extreme men; they can
discard them; they can tell them that they have
no sympathy with their doctrine, and that the
Republican party can in no way carry out their
views. Will they do this > IN o, sir; they dare
not; for by this they would lose their ascendency
in the North.
Now, sir, let us look at this matter practically.
Republican Senators discard Brown and his sym-
pathizers. They say they are not for interfering
with slavery where it exists. They say theymtend
to sustain the constitutional rights of the South;
that they are not for engendering strife between
the North and the South, but are for maintaining
the Union and the peace of the country. If they
intend really to make the Constitution their guide,
of course they will take it from the hands of the
judiciary, because that is the tribunal to define its
'meaning. If they <ye willing to take the Consti-
tution as defined by the Supreme Court, there is
no reason on the face of the earth-why this ques-
tion should be a pert of their platform in the North:
there is no reason why it should be a leading, if
not the only element oi their faith. Since the de-
cision in the Dred Scott case, it is settled that the
people of the free States have no control over this
question; have no power to touch it any way, noi.
even through their Representatives m Oong'ress,
except so far as relates to the rendition of tugitive
slaves or the admission of States.
Then,'sir, why not drop it entirely? They say
they arc not for interfering with slavery, except
in the Territories; but if Congress cannot legis-
late on the subject, as the Supreme Court has
held, in what way can the people of the free States
influence the question in the Territories? Only
those who go to the Territories, and exercise their
rights through the ballot-box, when the question
comes up, can influence its decision in any way.
Then, sir, will they agree to sink the slavery ques-
tion ? Will they drpp this issue from their platform ?
Will they abandon this apple of discord amongst
us? For one, as a member of the Democratic
party in the North,! would cheerfully d« it; but
would the Republican party do it? No, sir.; for
if it were done, there would be no Republican
party. It is the very vitality of that organization.
Abandon the slavery question, in all its phases,
and the whole organization is paralyzed in an
hour. That is the leading element of that organi-
zation, without which it cannot exist at all; and
yet, if the Constitution^ defined by the Supreme
Court, is to be respected, the people of the free
States have no power over the question, can in
no way influence the question of the number of
slaves, or of slave States, except by refusing to
admit a State because it is a slave State.
That is the way to allay this dangerous feeling
in the North. Lot the doctrines of Mr. ITelfer,
and of other able writers, be discarded. I do not
expect any response on the other side, to my prop-
osition to abandon the slavery issue in the free
States. They could have no party without this
issue, and the brooder they make it, the larger
their party becomes; and whenever they will re-
strict it to the constitutional ground, they will have
a very small party in the North. Tlipy may say
that we are as much at fault as they, in this agi-
tation; that we have as much to do with keeping
up this feud between the States as they have. I
do not care to debate that point; but I have said,
foi one, I would be glad to sulk this controversy
forr\er, foi the peace of the country and for the
peace and the stability of the Union.
Sir, if is very well to get up here and declare in
favor of the Union. lam willing to do that as
ardently as any man. Senators on the other side
can do it. But, sir, all history shows that the war
of crimination and recrimination, which is now
raging between the northern and the southern peo-
ple of this nation, cannot fail to produce such a
state of feeling, that finally separation will be in-
evitable. A people, to bo united, must be frater-
nal; and if we take the literal meaning of the
sentiments enunciated by the extreme men North
and South, it would seem to be impossible that
the Confederacy can be long continued.
Sir, I may speak for my own State. She is
loyal to the Constitution and the Union. Her
heart beats in unison with the constitutional rights
of all the Suites. She w ill perform her duty to a 1
and to each. 1 assure our friends from the South
tlxat it will bo a long time before the dcmoi* of sec-
tionalism will have such a hold on the old Key-
stone as to shake hoi* fidelity. If our Republican
friends will not agree to sink this question as a
futile and mischievous one, then let us have it
thrown out. boldly, in its worst possible form,
and let us decide the question in some decisive ;
way. If they will give the northern Democracy
that opportunity, wo shall be thankful. Repub-
licanism is an element only m the combined oppo-
sition which has torn us down for years. "Without
that element the opposition will be prostrated; we
shall be triumphant. That element, thrown out
plainly and distinctly, as it ought to be, would,
as the Republicans know, separate the other wings
of the opposition from them, and render cur tri-
umph certain. In any emergency, there is a ma-
jority m my State that will not eountcnancp, to
'any extent, aggressions upon our sister States of
the South. I*do not mean such a raid as that of
John Brown; I do not, mean a conspiracy to incite
insiurcction and bloodshed; but a majority will
denounce and discard every sentiment calculated
to engender ill feeling between the States and the
people of the States, and every sentiment tending
to the perpetuity of this excitement and this sec-
tionalism. That is whot they will do; and in
; every emergency, a majority of that people will
i stand by the Constitution and by the Union,
i But, sir, there are ambiguous sentiments enun-
i ciated by the leaders of the Republican party
1 which have given them the benefit of the whole
anil-slavery feeling of the North—not only those
who would resist slavery m the Territories by con-
stitutional means, but those who would assail the
institution everywhere, and who are not willing
to tolerate it in a neighboring State. But those
sentiments have so frequently been produced here,
that I do not caro to present them now. I in*-
tended to read one, a letter of the Senator from
New Hampshire, written to a meeting at theTab-
emaele in New York in 1855, but as he is not in
his scat, I shall forbear. But I say it is senti-
ments such as have been enunciated by the Sen-
ator from New York, not now in his seat, and
the Senator from New Hampshire, and others,
that have induced tire belief, among the extreme
anti-slavery men, that the Republican party, m
some way or other, and at some time, was to be
the agency through which their views of abolish-
ing slavery everywhere wore to be carried out.
Now, sir, let us have this question fairly and dis-
tinctly before the country. If it cannot be sunk
and abandoned—for we people in the North ought
to be ready to sink it—we have, in fact, no rignts
on the subject if .we take the Constitution as de-
fined by the Supreme Court. We have no inter-
ests at stake, no responsibilities to bear. What,
then, is there left for this agitation ? Nothing on
the face of the earth but mischief; nothing but an
aggravation of our neighbors of the South ; notli-
ing but an endless feud and strife endangering the
peace of flie country, if not the stability of the
Government It will be for the Republican party^
to consider, before they enter into another contest
for the presidential chair, whether they will con-
tinue this agitation; whether they will reassert
their doctrines, or whether, for the sake of the
poaco of the country and the quiet of the States,
they will abandon this fruitless feud.
I shall not pursue this subject any further. I
remarked, some time ago, that I did not wish to
be understood as indorsing all that is said on this
side. No, sir; sentiments have been enunciated
here, by Senators from the South, wlucli I do not
sanction by any medns. 1 maintain that, so far
as relates to slavery to-day m any of the States,
we have a perfect right to our judgment. My
friend from Georgia almost established the fact
that we were all Abolitionists in Pennsylvania be-
cause we had abolished slavery. ^ We did abolish
it, and wo have the right to establish it. If I go
into any of the Territories, I have a perfect right
to resist the establishment of slavery m such Ter-
ritory; and I may do it for any reason that I please,
either because lam againstthc institution,p6rse,
or because I think it bad policy; but I must exer-
cise tliat right in accordance with the laws and
the Constitution.
Now, sir, I do not agree with the extreme views
of my friend from Georgia. I hove told him over
and over that the only effect of his docfrinos is to
weaken those who stolid by the rights of the
South, in the North. But, sir, the difference in the
position of the northern and southern States oi^
this subject ought to be appreciated by many oj
our people in the North, who do not, I think,
properly realize the position of southern men. I
mean that they do not allow themselves to realize
the position of the southern people.^ Suppose we
had any common institution m the North—it mat-
ters not what it might be; it might be the relation
of marriage, if you please, or some general law
regulating commerce or the sale of liquor.—sup-
pose \v■ had such a law, and we had maintained
it for a long time, and believed it to be right, be-
lieved it to'be in no way offensive to Christianity
or morality; and suppose the southern people
were constantly denouncing us because, of that
law; suppose they were to assimijate it to Mor-
monism; suppose they used degrading epithets in
reference to'it, and even suggested that, because
of that institution, they would have no further
intercourse with us, and that tlicy could nothayr
further intercourse because that intercourse wou.d
be degrading, or would be, to some extent, coun-
tenancing a great wrong: I ask, how would we
feel, and how would we act?
I felt the force of the remark of a southern Sen-
ator the other day, when hr said to me: "Sir,
you would be much more violent than the men of
the South, and you northern people do not know
yourselves; vou would go to greater lengths, in
repelling sueli humiliating interference with your
domestic affairs, than we of the South.'' It is in
this waf oulv that we can realize how these at-
tacks affect 1 he feelings of the southern people.
But, sir, I shall not pursue the subject any fur-
ther at present, and I hope that we may proceed
with tins subject, in all its future phases, mmou-
