152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
eration and with a patriotic desire to promote the
peace of the nation. When this committee shall
be raised and the examination made, then I shall
be gratified if no man who has not already been
named be involved, or in any way implicated, in
the outrage committed on the State of Virginia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question before the Senate is on
the amendment moved by the Senator from Illi-
nois to the resolution presented by the Senator
from Virginia, on which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. SLIDELL. As two or three Senators
have gone over to the other House, requesting to
be sent for when the question is taken, I suggest
that the roll be called over informally, before the
vote is taken.
Several Senators. They can come in soon
enough.
Mr. SLIDELL. Very well..
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Antliony,Bingham,Cameron,Chomllpr,
Clark, Collamcr, Dixon, Doohttlc, Duikeo, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hainim, Harlan, Kins, Wininions,
Sumner, Ten Ejcii, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—22.
Cliesnut.
Haun,
Kennedy, Lane, Mallory, Mason, Nicholson, Pearee',
Powell,'Pu^h, lUcc, SauUbmy, Sebastian, Slidel!, Thom-
son, Toomlis, and Ynice—^2.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the adoption of the resolution offered by
the Senator from Virginia, ttpon which the yeas
and nays have been ordered; and the clerk will
proceed to call the roll.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I had desired, at first,
that the vote on the resolution offered by the gen-
tleman from Virginia should 1jc taken as promptly
as possible. I thought it duo to the subject, due
to Virginia, and due to the whole country. A de-
bate, however, has sprung up of such a various
and protracted character, that I have rather felt
it to be my duty, in consequence of this prolonged
discussion, in which much has been said of great
consequence to the country, to make some reply;
but the hour is so unsuitable, and my friend from
Virginia has manifested so great an anxiety to
have this business despatched, that if it be at all
desirable to have the vote to-night, I will postpone
to some other occasion what. 1 have to say.
Mr. GWIN. I should like to have my vote
recorded on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois. 1 left the Chamber, leaving orders to be
sent for in the event of a vote being taken. Now,
if it is not objectionable to the Senate, I should
like to have my vote recorded. I wish to vote
against the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California asks peimission of the Senate to
record Ins vote upon the amendment which has
been voted upon. That vote having been an-
nounced to tin; Senate, according to the praetiee nf
the body, it can only lie allowed by the unanimous
consent of the Senate. If no member of the
Senate objects to the recording of the name of the
Senator from California, it will be recorded in the
negative upon that amendment.
Mr. COJLLAM ER. Has that ever been per-
mitted in the Senate ? 1 have asked that privilege
myself, and been refused. 1 think it has been the
uniform practice to refuse it, and gentlemen have
contented themselves with stating howthey would
have voted if they had been here.
Mr. GAVIN. 1 should have voted in the nega-
tive.
Mr. COLLAM ER.. That answers the purpose.
Mr. GWIN. -There has been no vote since;
and inasmuch, I repeat, as 1 gave instructions to
be sent for, I should like to have my vote recorded.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have asked the same
privilege myself, and it has been refused.
Mr. GWIN. The yeas and nays only go to the
country. Explanations never do.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to be understood
as objecting.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Clerk will
proceed to call the roll on the resolution.
Mr. MASON. I would only say to "the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky what I am sure he
will appreciate, that with every disposition m the
world to yield to Ins peilect convenience, unless
he deem it a matter of moment to himself that
he should occupy the floor on the resolution, I
infinitely prefer that we should take the vote at
onco, for it is really of moment that the inquiry
should bo gone into while the subject is recent and
attention can b,e given to it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Under those circum-
stances, certainly, I yield any right to address the
Senate now, and shall take some early occasion
when I can do so.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the resolution, resulted—yeas 55, nays 0; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Bigler, Bingliam,
Bjight, Brown, Cameron, Chandler, Che nut, Clark,
Clay, Clingman, Collamer, Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Doo-
littie, Duikee, Fessenden, Pitch, Foot, Foster, Green,
Grimes, Gwin, Hamlin, Harlan, Haun, Hemphill, Hunter,
Ivcrson, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, King, Lane,
Mallory, Mason, Nicholson, Pearce, Powell, Pu?h, Rice,
Saul&bury, Sebastian, Simmons, Slidell, Sumner, Ten
E>ek, Thomson, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, and
Yulee—55.
NAYS—0.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I move that the committee con-
sist of five persons,'to be appointed by the Vice
President, as the Presiding Officer of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That order
will be made, if there be no objection. The Chair
hears no objection.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States, by Mr. James
Buchanan, jr., his Secretary.
Oil motion of Mr. DAVIS, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of executive business; and
after some time spent therein, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 14, 1859.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. L. D. Finckel. ,
The J* ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE SPEAKERSHIP.
The CLERK stated the question before the
House to be 011 the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hickman,] to amend the
Journal of Friday; on which the gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. McRae] was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. McRAE. Mr. Clerk, I regret that my po-
sition yesterday, in regard to not being interrupted,
was misunderstood by some of my friends, whom
1 had not permitted to interrupt mo, while I per-
mitted others to do so. I have to state that my
position was, that I did not wish to be interrupted
by members on my own side, but that I would
permittnembers on the other side to interrupt me.
My remark will be so found, I think, reported in
the Daily Globe. 1 state this for the information
of 0 friend, who thought that I had, perhaps^
treated him unkindly m that regard.
I come now, Mr. Clerk, to the question of fixing
on the Republican party, in this House, the re-
sponsibility for the delay in the organization,
growing out of the introduction of the resolution
of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Clark,]
and of the discussion which has taken place under
it. Outside of the general opposition which the
Democratic party would have to the election of
ony gentleman to piesido over our deliberations
from the Republican side of the House, owing to
the political antagonism that exists between the
two parties—.1 reasonable and well-founded objec-
tion, and one which will be sustained by the coun-
try—another objection grew out of the fact that,
on the opening of the House, and on the ballot
for Speaker, it was shown that the gentleman pre-
sented as the candidate of the Republicans, had
affixed his signature to a paper recommending the
circulation of the Helper book throughout the
country, and especially in the South; and he is,
of course, presumed to indorse the sentiments con-
tained in it. The book is of an incendiary char-
acter, and proposes revolution in the southern
States and war between non-slaveholders and
slaveholders. It incites the slaves to rebel against
the whites; so that it was expected that it would
result in the shedding of blood of the southern
people. #
Now, can gentlemen reasonably say that, look-
ing to the excitement in the northern States 011 the
subject of slavery, southern gentlemen on this
floor should not be sensitively affected by the fact
that a candidate for the Speakership had aided in
the circulation of such a book ? If he had signed
that recommendation with a knowledge of the
character of the book, the just judgment of the
country would say that he ought to be condemned*
But the gentleman says that he did not know the
contents of the book or compendium. Well, let
me say to gentlemen that, if they did not know
precisely what the book contained,they didknow,
by their own admission, that it was of an incen-
diary character, and intended to produce revolu-
tion,and bloodshed in the South. I charge that
the gentlemen knew, at least, that it was a work
published and circulated for the purpose of affect-
ing injuriously the interests of slavery in the South;
and, knowing the excitemcnt that exists in the
South on account of northern agitation against us,
I say that any gentleman who aided in the circu-
lation of that work, knowing it to be adverse to
slavery, is criminally responsible before the coun-
try. But, if the gentleman who is presented as the
Republican candidate for Speaker was not aware
of the contents of the book, and does not recollect
having signed the recommendation, then I sq^y
that the fact of such a work -being found in the
country with his name to it, without explanation
from him, renders him liable to the censure of the
country.
But, sir, I have said that it was reasonable, and
that the country would so admit, that southern
gentlemen should feel sensitive upon this subject,
sensitive in relation to what appears to be the pro-
gramme of the party issuing this book. I will
read to you the three first positions which the
jvnter of that book says he has nailed to his flag,
Tiud by which those who sustain it must live or
die; and I will ask you, then, whether southern
gentlemen could sit here without sensitiveness,
and see a gentleman indorsing such sentiments as
that book contains, occupy that chair. This, sir,
is the first of the positions taken which are to be
inscribed upon the flag of the party:
"Thorough organization and independent political action
on the pan of the non-Maveholding whites of the South.55
This is the next position:
"Ineligibility of pi o-slavory slave owners; never another
vote tor any one who advocates the extension and perpet-
uation of human slavery."
There is a declaration in this book which the
gentleman has indorsed, which declares the in-
eligibility of any member from the South to occupy
thot chair ! Could we sit hero and not feel sensi-
tive when a gentleman who had taken that posi-
tion in reference to every gentleman from the
South, was presented by his party to fill that chair
and preside over us ? But here is the third posi-
tion :
"No cooperation with pro-slavery politicians. No fellow-
ship with them 111 religion. No tellowship with them 111
society "
Could southern men sit here and not be sensi-
tive to the fact that the gentleman presented by
the other side as their candidate for Speaker has
indorsed that sentiment—no association with us
in social matters? If that gentlemen should be
elected to preside over this House, how could we
conduct the business of the House without south-
ern members having official intercourse, and, to
some extent, peisonal associations with him?
Yet, sir, he had taken the position by his indorse-
ment of that work that he would have no inter-
course with slaveholders
Now, sir, f say that in this state of things,
when this gentleman was presented as the candi-
date of the other side, southern men had a right
to be sensitive to the position winch he had taken
upon this subject without any disclaimer upon
his part that he had mdorsec^such sentiments. I
' say then that it was reasonable, when the first
ballot taken disclosed the fact that the Republican
paityliad the fairest prospect of success in the
election of Speaker, that southern men should feel
sensitive on the point that their candidate should
have declared that he would have no political or
social affiliation with men from the South, and
that the gentleman from Missouri should have in-
troducedjiis resolution. I say that the just sen-
timent of the country will determine that it was
reasonable; that the gentleman from Missouri and
the Democratic party will not beheld responsible
for it; but that the party who have given rise to
to it are responsible, and shall and will be held
responsible for it.
