3060
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
I am in favor of this proposition of the Senator
from Mississippi. I see it said constantly that
the contract system had failed. I cannot dispute
such an allegation of fact, but I cannot under-
stand how it could fail. The Senator from Dela-
ware says the work was ill done. Then it ought
not to have been accepted and paid for. We have
appointed an officer, the Superintendent of Public-
Printing, for the express purpose of seeing that
the public printing is done according to law; and
if that officer discharges his duties according to
the proposition of the Senator from Mississippi,
there can be no trouble at all. Sir, we had, in
the State which I have the honor in part to repre-
sent, very much of the controversies for many
years in relation to tlie printing, until the present
constitution of the State required all the printing
of the State government to be given out under
con tract, accouhng to the principles of this amend-
ment; and for the last eight or nine years it has
been in constant operation, and it iias rid us of
one of the greatest nuisances that could be, and
we have no trouble in printing all the executive
and legislative documents and journals and laws
and everything else.
Now, sir, i am opposed to this Government
printing office. It will be the worst job, the worst
nuisance, an incubus that you cannot get rid of,
unless you set it on fire, and burn it down. Once
let it be established, and it will be the greatest
source of abuse and corruption. There will be
committee of investigation after committee, every
session, to overlook it. 1 do not want any more
departments added to this Government; 1 do not
want any more establishments. We have got
enough, too many, now; and 1 cannot understand
why the business of printing cannot be left to the
ordinary law of competition, as every other busi-
ness is. If we want a house built lor a particular
purpose, and do not choose to build uourselves,
we hire some person to build it; we receive pio-
posals from him; if he does it according to con-
tract, we pay him; if he does not, we do not pay
htm; and I cannot conceive what there is ofmis-
tery about this matter to take it out of the ordi-
nary rule. The experience of my own State is
in favor of the contract system. The work is bet-
ter done, more cheaply done, and more promptly
done, it has been a great relief to us. There-
fore, for my own part, i shall cheerfully vote for
the amendment of the Senator from Mississippi,
which I think the wisest proposition 1 have s>een
on the subject.
Mr. BAYARD. Denunciation is not argument.
The honorable Senator says that this printing
establishment of the Government will be a job.
Why moreso than any otherduty performed here,
■which is all performed by Government employes ?
The Superintendent is a Government officer. All
he will have power to do is to appoint a few work-
men for the purpose of doing the business of Con-
gress and the Executive Departments. lie has
to render to us, at the commencement of every ses-
sion, a detailed account of ail Ins operations. lie
is to buy, by contract, all paper that is requisite
lor the purpose, and to rendcr'a detail of all the
bids, and paper furnished; and the weight of the
paper is stipulated in the bill. 1 do not tlunk
there is any danger of a job in this system.
But my object m rising now was to remark on
one of the honorable Senutor\s arguments in favor
of the present amendment—that it restricted either
House of Congress from ordering extra copies.
If it intends to do that, why not do it expressly ?
1 am in favor of thai. I wish a law were passed
that would prevent the ordeiin^ of extra copies
without a joint resolution of both Houses; but
that is not expressed in the amendment. With
a provision very similar to that contained in this
amendment, in lIio existing law, each House does
still oider extra copies; and under this proposi-
tion, if you pass it, each House will older extra
copies on "its own authouty. Then, of course,
the necessary result is, that the profits of the eon-
tractor will depend on the number of extra copies
oidered by cither House; and members of the
respective Houses, if that coiituictor is connected
with the press, will be subservient to his interests,
more or l^ss. Even if you suppose that restric-
tion to be in it, still you cannot prevent Congress
from ordering copies by joint lesolution; and the I
evil will apply to both'bodies, instead of each |
singly. My own belief is that this connection I
between the press and the action of Congress tends i
( to corruption in exaggerating the profits of the
j contractor for the public printing, which is an in-
evitable evil under the contract system, as applied
to that particular business, but no other; because
the press is a power, and it is a power that must
be respected; and it is a power that becomes noth-
ing but injury where it is open to corrupt influ-
ences of that kind. Therefore, sir, it is that I am
desirous to sever this connection, whether it is to
cost more or not. 1 am not skilled enough in
printing to say what the expense will be; but I
do not think the mere question of cost enters into
it so much as the disconnection which this bill, as
it comes from the House, and as it is reported by
the majority of the Committee on Printing, will
cause between the press and the printing of Con-
gress. I favor it because it takes the power of
Congress away from particular presses that may
be established under its enactments.
Mr. DAVIS. The answer to the Senator from
Delaware is, that in the fourth section of my
amendment he finds these words expressly:
" That there shall be printed of the executive and mis-
cellaneous documents:, the reports of committees, and le-
poru ol the Couit ot Claims, at the public expense, fifteen
handled and fifty copies, and no moio."
Then it closes with a proviso:
" That nothing herem contained shall prevent the con-
ttaetoi from puntm<f, at Ins own nsk and cOit, any of the
public document-; lor sale."
Mr. BAYARD. I do not deny that that may
be the effect as to the action of either House, but
that will not answer the objection that the two
Houses united may, by joint resolution, order the
printing of extra copies.
Mr. DAVIS. That is equivalent to saying that
wc cannot eiuu't a law which Congress cannot
repeal. 1 admit it at once. By joint resolution,
or by bill, the two Houses of Congress can change
any law which we enact. They can surely repeal
this, as any other. Wc can give no greater or
more binding effect to it than to any other law of
Congress. Wo do give to it all the effect that
other laws have.
Then, as to the remark that this is an excep-
tional case, I say it is the reverse; if follows the
practice of the Government. Nearly all our ox-
pendituresare by contract. If you want supplies
for the Army or Navy, it is done by contract. If
you want material to build the Capitol in which
we sit, it is done by contract. Contract is the
ruling principle; and hero 1 am quite prepared to
admit that I once entertained what I now believe
to be the erroneous opinion of those who, insist-
ing that it was possible to iind an honeat officer,
therefore declared that the contract system was
embarrassing. 1 have oftentimes seen ihe occa-
sion when nn honest man could have purchased
to greater advantage for the Government than he
could have obtained supplies by contract. I ad-
mit that a man of full integrity and intelligence
can generally do better if left to his discretion than
by contract; but there is the hazard of the want
of intelligence, the want of integuty; and the
security against this is open competition in the
market.
But above all cases of which I have any knowl-
edge that of printing peculiarly calls for that com-
petition. We are unable to judge of it. We
have ft specimen of paper. It is said that all
paper is to come up to this standard. The Pub-
lic Printer formerly bought the paper; we had no
Superintendent then to examine it; but I will take
the case as it is now, and suppose we have a
Superintendent to examine it. Cart-loads of doc-
uments come up fiom the printing office, are car-
ried into the folding-room, there enveloped and
sent to members to be distributed, and the Super-
intendent of Printing never sees the paper; but
when he furnishes the paper, as under my propo-
sition, and can only obtain that paper by contract,
by public advertisement, by open bids—these
bids to be received, and first opened and examined
in the presence ot the Secretaiy of the Senate and
Clerk of the House of Representatives—there is
! thrown around u every guard which it seems to
me can be imposed.
There only remains to state that it is in con-
formity with the whole theory of our Govern-
ment—a system of checks and balances. We
appoint a Superintendent. He is the officer of the
Congress, and he has no interest in common with
the interest* of the contractor, unless both of them
be dishonest, and there be collusion between
them. In that respect It is guarded in my amend-
ment, for by it there are ten divisions of printing,
each to be submitted to separate contract. Ten
men, then, contractors for printing, if the con-
tracts should be taken separately^ are each of
them standing to guard each other, and each of
them is watching the Superintendent; audit is
hardly a supposable case that there will be collu-
sion among them all. If there be any additional
check; if there beany additional guard which can
be thrown around it, I shall be most happy to
have the suggestion. I know something of con-
tracts in general;! know nothing of printing, pre-
tend to know nothing; and therefore I have sought
to present a plan which would execute itself'as
far as possible, by getting first an honest Super-
intendent, if possible; and if not, by checking him
by every contractor who has an interest in guard-
ing his own interest, which is the antagonist in-
terest to that of the Superintendent of Printing.
As it now stands, we elect a Printer, and we con-
firm the Superintendent; one of our officers is set
to watch the other. They represent the same in-
terest, and neither of them has an interest m an
antagonism with the other. There is no check,
there is no balance, m the present system. I have
sought to obtain it.
Now, sir, as to the system of bureau, it is to
turn over to a bureau a character of work of which
'we aie least competent to judge; it is to gather
around us a number of dependents gradually to
diminish in their efficiency, and gradually to ac-
cumulate in number. It is open to every species
of abuse; it is the high road to every species of
corruption. Here is to be a character of close
corporation, of which, if we penetrate into it, we
cannot judge. They are to purchase materials to
do the work, and the poor Congress is to be
merely submitted to this close coipoiation to be
fleeced. However bad the paper, however bad
the work, you may complain; but where is your
remedy? Tliink you that you will ha\e the power
to disband this corps which you thus create, to
break up the close corporation which you have
instituted? No, sir. Each person interested—
and their name will be legion—and their families,
added to the number of employes, will be beset-
ting the members and the Senators to preserve
their own existence; whereas, upon the method
proposed in my amendment, you can change your
contiactor as often as you change contractors for
other supplies. You put them on the same footing
of general competition, and the market of the
country determines the price which Congress is
to pay.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If this system broke
down before, why will it not now ?
Mr. DAVIS. This system was not tried be-
fore. Before, we had a general contract for all
the printing; no Superintendent to guard it; the
contractor furnishing- the paper as well as doing
the printing. He had m his hands, therefore, the
whole control of the subject, with eveiy induce-
ment to the commission of fraud. If that broke
down before, it is no reason why this plan should
break down now; but 1 hold, with the Senator
from Georgia, that it did not break down before.
Congress, it is true, paid a large sum of money
to a contractor formerly; but that was the fault
of Congress, and not of the system.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Are we not invitingthe
repetition of the same fault? May we not appre-
hend the same thing?
Mr. DAVIS. 1 do not see that we are inviting
the repetition of the same fault, because we are
: not doing the same thing. Wo have contractors
I who, as I said before, may be as many as ten in
I number. Instead of requiring largo capital, some
man with immense machinery to do the work,
every little printing house becomes a competitor
for one or the other class of this printing. Small
capital, therefore, enters into competition, with
great. The work is so divided out that it may be
executed by the real contractor, instead of being
; taken by some1 man of straw, to be let out to some
man of capital. The whole system is different
from that which formerly existed. It is only
i common in this: that it was contract then, and it
is proposed to he contract now. The contracts
arc not alike. Here are checks and guards and
divisions which never existed before. I believe
it may be carried out—carried out successfully;
carried out with economy to the Government,
and without throwing wide op<
leads to fraud and corruption.
