1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
153.
Mr. KILGORE. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. McRAE. I gave way so indulgently, yes-
terday, to interruptions, that the whole House
saw that my time was extended at least one half.
My health is not very strong. I am laboring
under oppression of the lungs, and shall get
through with what I intend to say with difficulty.
I have already taken the position that I will not
allow my friends upon this side of the House to
interrupt me. I will not enforce that rule rigidly
upon gentlemen on the other side, as I departed
from it yesterday evening; but I ask gentlemen,
if I yield to them, simply to propound their ques-
tions or answer my interrogatories without under-
taking to discuss them, and taking advantage of
my courtesy to make speeches anil consume my
time.
Mr. KILGORE. I shall certainly not discuss
it. I wish to ask the gentleman from Mississippi
whether there is any gentleman on the Republican
side of the House, who has not signed that book,
for whom ho and his associates would vote for
Speaker, and bring the House at once to an organ-
ization ?
Mr. McRAE. I answer that question distinctly
and emphatically, that there is no gentleman upon
the other side of the House for whom I will vote
for Speaker or for anything else, either without ref-
erence to the Helper book or otherwise. But that
question is not at all pertinent to the point I was
making. The point I was malting was, that south-
ern gentlemen had a right to be sensitive, from the
fact that a gentleman was to be olocted to preside
over this House who had given his indorsement
to a work which contained, as one of its propoj| i
sitions, " no affiliation socially or politically with"
slaveholders." I wanted to fix the responsibility
upon the gentlemen opposite, and to show to the
country that the introduction of the resolution of
the gentleman from Missouri was timely, was
necessary, and was called for; and that the dis-
cussion which has arisen upon it has grown out
of the fact that these gentlemen have occupied
this position, and have not disclaimed it.
It is true, sir, that some of the gentlemen have
since disclaimed certain incendiary sentiments
eontained m the Helper book; but the gentleman
whom they have presented as their candidate for
Speaker, although he said that he had never seen
the book, and did not know what it contained, yet
took especial care not to say that he repudiated
it, and he has not done it yet, nor has anybody
done it for him. He did say that he occupied the
position, and had stated it five times, that he would
not interfere with slavery in the States where it
existed. Well, sir, that might go to relieve him
from the charge of indorsing that book as an in-
cendiary publication; but has he ever said that he
did not give his assent to the sentiments contained
in that programme ? No, sir; he has preserved a
careful silence on that subject.
Gentlemen on the other side take the position
that, in this condition of things, we are responsi-
ble for introducing the slavery agitation into this
House. Why, sir, does any sensible man mean
to put such a case as that to the intelligent judg-
ment of the House or the country, and to claim
that, under the circumstances which I have stated,
we arc responsible for introducing the slavery
agitation into this House ?
Why, sir, when the resolution was first intro-
duced, showing that this gentleman stood in this
position, why did they not for him; why did not
the gentleman who presented his name for Speak-
er; why did he not, for Mr. Sherman, at once
disclaim any sentiment such as is stated in this
book ?
We responsible for.this agitation of the slavery
question1 If the incendiary come at night and
apply the torch to your dwelling; if the robber
conic at night and break open your house and
take away your goods; if the murderer, sir, come
at night and threaten you with vengeance, and dis-
turb- your peace, and you cry out against him,
are you responsible for the excitement? Are you
the cause of it? No, sir; you act in self-defense.
The man who undertakes the mischief, and does
the mischief, is the responsible party, and not the
man who resists it.
So much, sir, for the Helper book. I do not
consider that book a very important matter I
do not consider even the attack made upon Har-
per's Ferry a very important matter. What I
look to as important is that continually growing
anti-slavery sentiment in the North, which is
shown by the action of the northern people in
their conventions, and.as expressed in the elec-
tion of members here, and in legislative resolves.
That is what I look to as important. This Helper
book is a mere incident to the great fact of the
increase of anti-slavery sentiment at the North,
which naturally leads to such publications and
such results as are shown at Harper's Perry.
What I hold these gentlemen responsible for—
criminally responsible to the country—is the agi-
tation of the public mind in the northern States in
reference to the property of the southern section
of the Union, which is a peculiar property, the
interference with which involves the security of
the property, and the safety of its holders; and
they are responsible so far as their action inter-
feres with it in any way. That is what I hold
them responsible for.
Now, Mr. Clerk, will the gentlemen upon the
Republican side of the House say that the great
element of their party is not the anti-slavery sen-
timent? Will they deny that it is not that which
has given them their present power? Will they
say that it has not given them their increase,from
the days when Abolitionists were very few, up to
the present day? Will they say that the anti-
slavery sentiment is not the very life and soul of
the existence of the Republican party? Will
they say that it is not that sentiment which gives
unity and strength and success to their party ?
Will they deny that they do not look to the in-
crease of this sentiment for further strength for
their party? Will they deny that they do not
look to increase upon that ground to secure the
control of this branch of the national Legisla-
ture, and even of the Federal Government itself,
ill the next presidential election ? Will they deny
that the anti-slavery sentiment is not the dust
which they throw into the eyes of the people, to
blind them to all other matters? Is not that the
sentiment by which they rally their people to the
support of their party? No, sir; tliey will not
deny that.
Mr. CURTIS. I do deny that the anti-slavery
sentiment is materially stronger in theNorth now
than it was when this Government was formed.
The North was then anti-slavery, arret it is anti-
slavery now. The North disposed of slavery,
and our friends in the South adopted it- We
would be hypocrites at the North,if we said that,
we were in favor of slavery, per se.
But, sir, slavery has been extended. It has
extended in greater proportion than our country,
both in numbers and in States. When this Gov-
ernment was formed, five thirteenths of the States
were slave States, and now you have fifteen thirty-
thirds of slave States. Slavery has been extended
into the Territories. And, sir, it" seems that the
Democratic party has no other great leading ele-
ment than that of pro-slavery, and slavery exten-
sion. As the people of theNorth, and as Repub-
licans, we. are, therefore, driven into antagonism
with the Democratic party. That party is repre-
sented upon tins lloor, and elsewhere, as a great
pro-slavery party, encroaching upon our rights
and our progress in regard to freedom. I am
obliged to the gentleman for an opportunity to
make this explanation, which is designed to show
the propriety of an organization against slavery
extension.
Mr. McR-AE. I have this denial to make in the
first instance for the Democratic party: that party
is not a pro-slavery party, nor is it aggressive
upon any section of the Union. I deny that it is
pro-slavery, or that it gives rise to any opposition
or organization like that upon the other side of
the House. The gentleman reverses the proposi-
tion. The anti-slavery party is aggressive. We
stand upon the defensive. The Democracy, with
which I am allied, stand upon th<! defensive in
regard to this slavery question. We ask nothing
for slavery except what it is entitled to under con-
stitutional guarantees. The anti-slavery party
upon the other side are the aggressive party; they
say that they mean politically to control slaveiy
without reference to its constitutional guarantees.
We have to defend ourselves.
Now, Mr. Clerk, I have to say, further, that
when this Government was formed, every State
in the Union, except Massachusetts, was a slave
State. Slave States made this Government, and
slavery gave to the gentleman from Iowa and his-
party the Constitution under which they live and,
the Union which they so much praise. Slave
States made this Government, and now those who
are enjoying the fruits of our liberality tell us that
we should be ostracised and deprived of our. con-
stitutional rights and guarantees.
Mr. CURTIS. 1 differ with the gentleman .in
this. He is right in stating that'we do take issue
with him upon that great point of slaveryHe
reverses my position, and says that aggression is
upon this side. In 1776, when we disconnected
our allegiance from Great Britain, it is true, as
the gentleman has stated, that almost every one
of the States was a slave State. I believe almost
every <3ne. I believe there were, some slaves in
Pennsylvania and Massachusetts. Now, mark
the progress of slavery. When the Constitution
was formed, in 1787, you will find in the debates
that Mr. Madison and the Virginia delegation
admitted that slavery had been extinguished in
the northern States, and that there were only five
slave States. We therefore, then, Stood five slave
against eight free States, and it is clear therefore
that freo States predominated. The great issue
was in reference to the continuation of theimpor-
tation of slaves; and it was urged that two States—
South Carolinaand Georgia—wouldnot come into
the Union if that trade was not permitted to go
on; but, at the same time, those debates admitted
that they were a minority of States; that they were
only five^ and therefore eight States were against
five slave States. That is my recollection of the
history of the formation of the Constitution, and
I presume the gentleman will not controvert it.
If he does, I wish to show the authorities.
Mr. McRAE: I am very much obliged to the
gentleman from Iowa for one admission, at least,
which he has made, and that one %vipes out en-
tirely the position taken by the honorable gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Hickman] in ref-
erence to the compromises of the Constitution.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, in his address
to the House the other day, stated that, in the
compromises of the Constitution on the subject
of slavery, the North received an implied pledge
that the slave trade was to be abolished in 1808.
I did not assent to that proposition, fori knew it
was not true; of course, the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania did not intend to state what was not
true, but he was simply mistaken. But, here is a
gentleman upon the Republican side of the House
who admits that two slave States would not come
into the Union unless that provision was put into
the Constitution. I make the point now, for the
purpose of using it, if, at any tunc, this question
of the African slave trade shall be brought before
this House for discussion, that that is an admis-
sion upon the part of the gentleman, that that pro-
vision was put into the Constitution, not for the
purpose of giving to Congressiiie power to abol-
ish the slave trade, hut for the purpose ofinducing
two slave States to come in as members of tho
Confederacy ;and thatall laws passedby Congress
prohibiting the African slave trade under that
clause of the Constitution, are entirely unconsti-
tutional and without foundation in that instru-
mcnt.
My reading of the history of the country is, as
I stated before, that all the States, with one ex-
ception, at the time they came into the Union,
were slave States, and recognized slavery by their
laws. The recognition of the institution by its
laws is what constitutes a.State a slave State, in
my opinion. They were all slave States, except
Massachusetts; she did not by her laws recog-
nize the institution.
Therefore, I am right in the position I assumed,
and I made it so plain, before the last remarks of
tho gentleman, that they were the aggressive and
we the defensive party, that they were the anti-
slavery party, while the Democratic party was
neither pro nor anti-slavery, simply sustaining
the constitutional rights of all sections of the
coifttry, that it is not necessary that I should en-
large further upon that point now. What I was
saying was—and gentlemen of the Republican
party will not deny it—that anti-slavery was the
elementary principle which lay at the foundation
of their organization. The whole body of them
will admit and not deny that, for it is too pal-
pable to the country.
Listen to what another distinguished member
of that party says; and he agrees with the gen-
tleman in one part of the proposition—that which
