1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
111?
Mr. STANTON. Well, I cannot stand that.
The amendment to the amendment was with-
drawn.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move that the commit-
tee do now rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX. I wish to say to the gentleman
from Kentucky, that I am perfectly willing to have
a separate vote upon this or upon any otherprop
osition in the House.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman by adding, " upon trips
where the mail service was rendered." I have
no disposition to weary the patience of the com-
mittee, but I want gentlemen to understand fully
the propositions upon which they are called to
vote. The gentleman, in reply to my remarks,
entered into an explanation; but he finally an-
swered the question in response to the gentleman
from Ohio, but he could not let the matter pass
without making a fling at the Postmaster Gen-
eral by remarking that he ought to have discon-
tinued the service everywhere. When his De-
partment was crippled by the action of that side
of the House, when he had no appropriation made
for that Department, when we had left him with-
out money, when he was anxious to give the
country all the necessary mail facilities, he de-
termined to provide the countfy with such mail
facilities as he could, and he did it; and yet the
gentleman, instead of giving him credit for it,
must make a fling at him.
Mr. COLFAX. No, sir; no fling.
Mr. BURNETT. Ill the exercise of his discre-
tion, he determined to economize by reducing the
service where it could be done, regard beinghad to
the best interests of the country. He reduced the
service in every section of the country. What
were the reasons which induced him to pursue
that course ?
The Department was crippled, and had no re-
sources, and he was determined to cut olF those
routes which the public interest could dispense
with; and I have not heard of a single instance
where he has done it, in which the postage came
to anything like what was paid for carrying the
mail; and I venture the assertion, that the postage
derived on the routes of which the gentleman from
Missouri complains, do not equal the cost of the
reduced service; and yet gentlemen complain be-
cause the Postmaster General, in his discretion,
undertook to economize in the service, and cut
down service where it was not needed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am op-
posed to the amendment. It leaves the matter sub-
stantially as it is in the bill. I am for providing
by law for the payment of those contractors who
have made their trips, where the Postmaster Gen-
eral has refused to give them the mail. There are
many such cases in my district, where the ser-
vice has been curtailed by the Postmaster Gen-
eral;yet the contractors, relying on the faith of
the Government, have made their trips, although
the Postmaster General refused to give them the
mails.
I therefore oppose the amendment to the amend-
ment; and I hope the committee will vote in the
amendment of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads. I appeal to the friends of the
mail service to stand by the friends of the prop-
osition, to stand by the friends of the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, and to vote in
their amendments.
Mr. HOUSTON. I appeal to the friends of the
mail service to rise.
The question was taken on Mr. Burnett's
amendment to the amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. MAYNARD. This is an important bill.
It appropriates a good deal of money. It is very
evident that we cannot mature the bill this even-
ing. We may force the bill through; but I sub-
mit whether it is wise or proper to legislate in such
a way. We have been m session now six hours
and a half. I therefore move that the committee
do now rise.
Tellers were called for, and ordered; and
Messrs. Matnard and Buffinton were ap-
pointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes GO, noes 40.
So the motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Branch hav-
ing taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr.
Dawes reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had had under considera-
tion the Union generally, and particularly House
bill No. 503, to supply deficiencies in the service of
the Post Office Department for the fiscal year end-
ing 30th June, 1860, and had come to no conclu-
sion thereon:
And thereupon, on motion of Mr. ASHMORE,
(at half past five o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 16, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Guri-et.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Interior, trans-
mitting, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, additional information in relation to dep-
redations committed by Indians upon citizens of
Butte county, California; which was ordered to
lie on the table; and a motion by Mr. Latham to
print the report was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
PETITION.
Mr. GWIN presented the petition of Captain
J. W. Davidson, of the Army, praying the reim-
bursement of an amount deducted from his pay
on account of public moneys stolen while in his
keeping as acting commissary of subsistence;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred a motion to print the report
of the Postmaster General, made in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate, in relation to
dead letters, drop letters, and letters held for post-
age, or postage not prepaid, reported in favor of
printing the usual number; and the report was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referredamotion to print a petition of citizens
of Washington and Georgetown, praying that the
bill to prohibit corporations in the District of Co-
lumbia from issuing notes or bills of any kind, for
circulation in the District, may not become a law,
reported adversely on the motion to print, and
asked to be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the petition, and that it bo referred to
the Committee on the Districtof Columbia; which
was agreed to.
Mr. THOMSON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
276) for the relief of Mrs. Hannah McDowell,
reported it without amendment, and with a rec-
ommendation that it do not pass.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
Mr. GREEN. From the Committee on Terri-
tories, I ask leave to make a report. That com-
mittee had referred to them a letter from the Pres-
ident of the Kansas constitutional convention,
communicating an enrolled copy of the constitu-
tion of Kansas, adopted at Wyandotte, July 29,
1850. At the same time, there was also referred
to the committee House bill No. 23, for the ad-
mission of Kansas into the Union. The committee
have instructed me to report the same without
recommendation, for such action as the Senate
may deem proper. At the same time, it is my
duty to notify the Senate that I shall move several
amendments, designed for the better protection of
the rights of the people of the United States, and
for the maintenance of good faith with the Indians
located under special treaties. I send up the docu-
ments, and move for the printing of the proposed
amendments.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. GREEN. It is my duty also, in accord-
ance with a promise made, to move to make this
bill the spccial order for next Thursday, which I
think ought to bo done, to give the Senate proper
time to consider the subject.
Mr. COLLAMER. I suppose the chairman
of the committee means to fix Thursday of next
week.
Mr. GREEN. If you say so.
Mr. COLLAMER. Say Wednesday.
Mr. GREEN. I have no objection to that.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let it be postponed to
Wednesday of next week, at one o'clock, and
made the special order for that time.
The motion was agreed to.
DISTRICT BUSINESS.. ,
Mr. BROWN. I ask for the consideration of
a resolution, moved by myself yesterday morn-
ing, fixing Saturday for the consideration of the
District business.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution
submitted yesterday by Mr. Brown; and it was
agreed to, as follows: -
Resolved, That Saturday of the present wfeek be set asftte
for the consideration of business relating to the District of
Columbia.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to introduce a bill, of
which no notice has been given, but which has
been examined and adopted by'the Committee on
Military Affairs. I intended originally to offer it
as an amendment, but I now present it as a sep-
arate bill; and I ask that it may be printed", and
put upon the Calendar.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No; 447) to
regulate public contracts, was read twice by its
title, and ordered to be printed, and placed on the
Galcndar.
W. II. TPIGG.
Mr. HAMMOND submitted the following
order; which was considered, by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Ordered, That the papers of William fT. Wigg, vviiick
were referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims,
be returned.
POSTMASTER OP NEW YORK.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered, by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That, the Postmaster General be instructed to
inform the Senate when the Post Office Department first
had any knowledge that any defalcation existed on the part
of the postmaster of the citv of New York; and also to in-
form the Senate it the Sixth Auditor of the Treasury lias
faithfully performed, in reference to the post office in the
city of New York, the duties imposed on him by the act
of March 3,1851, and especially by the one hundred and
ninety-seventh section of said act.
HOUR OP MEETING.
Mr. GREEN. I move that the standing order
of the Senate be changed, so that the regular hour
of meeting shall be eleven o 'clock instead of twelve.
I think we can do more business if we make the
change.
Mr. SLIDELL and others. Let that lie over.
Mr. GREEN. If it be objected to, of course it
lies over; but I shall press it at asutoequent time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair ) Objection being interposed to the pres-
ent consideration of the motion, it will lie over
until to-morrow.
OREGON WAR DEBT.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
further petitions, reports, or resolutions, the Sen-
ate will proceed to the consideration of the un-
finished business of the morning hour of yester-
day.
Mr. LANE. I move to take up the bill (S.
No. 11) makingan appropriation for the payment
of the expenses incurred by the people of the
Territories of Oregon and Washington in'the
suppression of Indian hostilities in the years 1855
and 1856; not to press it in the way of the un-
finished business of yesterday, but for the pur-
pose of asking that it be made the special order
for some subsequent day.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
Mr. LANE. I move that it-be made the special
order for Wednesday of next week.
Mr. GREEN. There is already a special order
for that day.
Mr. LANE. Then I propose that it be made
the special order for Monday week.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Oregon moves that the further consideration
of the bill be postponed until Monday week, and
that it be made the special order for one o 'clock
on that day.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
i¥'message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 714) estab-
lishing certain post routes.
