1174
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
amendment to this resolution, and I was glad that
my friend from Kentucky assented to its adop-
tion . There is one other amendment I sh ould like
to have made, but I found there was objection to
it and X did not offer it. It was to place the work
under the control of the President or Secretary of
the Treasury; but I found on inquiry that would
be likely to involve legislation on the part of the
State of Kentucky, and they will have no meet-
ing of the Legislature there for two years to come,
and I forego the privilege of offering it. I did not
approve of all the provisions of the joint resolu-
tion, and would much have preferred a new canal
on the Indiana shore. 1 have struggled for that
for seven years, buthave despaired of ever getting
it; and now I look on this as perhaps the only
means of getting an enlargement of the canal, and
thereby providing for a commerce that has been
taxed for years far beyond what it ought to have
been.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, being a mem-
ber of the committee to which this measure was
referred, and being opposed to it, it is, perhaps,
proper that I should state to the Senate the effect
and operation of this joint resolution. When
the Louisville and Portland canal was built, the
Government was a subscriber, I think, to the ex-
tent of $233,000. It turned out to be a very prof-
itable work. Fifteen or twenty years ago an ar-
rangement was made, under a law of Kentucky,
by which they sequestered, in effect, the property
of the United States, and appropriated all the
tolls, as well those due to private stockholders as
to the Government, for the purpose of making it
wind up itself. In other words, they agreed, I
think, to pay the individual stockholders from
one hundred and forty to one hundred and sev-
enty-nine dollars a share, at different periods, to
be paid out of the proceeds of the canal, and, in
the meantime, they determined to give the Gov-
ernment nothing on its two hundred and thirty-
three shares. The individual shares, as they
were paid off from time to time by the tolls, were
conveyed to the directors in trust, with the intent
that finally no more tolls should be levied than
were necessary to keep up the canal. That has
gone on until the whole of the stock of private
stockholders has been paid offi'exceptfivc shares;
and I think these five shares have been actually
paid for out of the proceeds; but they are still
held by the five directors, so as to enable them
to control the concern. The Government is the
legal holder, withouthaving the least power over it
on the face of the earth; but these men have the
control of the property, for which nearly a million
of dollars has been paid. Of this the Government
originally paid $233,000; but, by some action, the
number of its shares, originally two thousand
three hundred and thirty, has been increased,
probably to twenty-nine hundred. These five
personshavc constituted themselves directors, by
the holding of one share each, though they have
no real interest, and nothing but a sham interest.
While the concern is worth $1,000,000, they,
having an interest of only #500, control it, be-
cause the holding of a share is necessary, under
the charter, to enable them to be directors.
From the report of the Secretary of the Treasury
to us, it seems that they deny any authority of
the Government of the United States, except its
vote as a stockholder. The Government does not
technically own a majority of the stock, the di-
rectors being trustees for the stock that has been
paid off by the proceeds of the canal—the Gov-
ernment interest as well as that of private stock-
holders. The private stockholders have been fully
paid off, but these persons holding in trust have
the canal, and have bid defiance to the Govern-
ment for ten or fifteen years, or rather denied its
authority.
Now, I am willing to say the whole thing was
wrong; the Government ought never to have put
a dollar into it, knowing the invariable result of
appropriation of Government money to any such
purpose, which I have frequently elaborated in
this body; and this is only another illustration of
it. If it is a good thing, it is taken away from the
Government; if it is a bad thing, the expense is
saddled on the Government.
Some of us were very anxious, in committee,
to give this canal to Kentucky, or anybody that
wouJd take it; but the gentlemen will not take it.
I believe those members of the committee who
were opposed to this bill were unanimously in
favor of giving the canal away; but they will
neither let us sell it, nor give it away to anybody;
but they insist that we shall stand stakeholder.
While this bill only enables them to borrow
money on the tolls, we all know the effect of it
will be, when they run in debt and put the tolls
down so that they will not pay, the Government,
as the holder of the stock, will be called upon to
15 /warn you of that from the previous history
of this work. Since I have been a member of the
public councils, since they entered on this policy,
the Representatives from Kentucky in the other
branch, and of the other States of the Northwest,
who had an interest in it, (even when it was going
on, and was, by the operation of the act, to have
wound itself up in 1853,) in 1846,1847, and 1848,
were continually insisting that we should pay for
it in advance of the tolls winding it up. I think
they once got it into a bill; probably it was in the
internal improvement bill, vetoed by Mr. Polk.
At all events, 1 know it was once in a bill. They
determined, though the tolls had not paid for it,
that we should pay for it. Now they will go on
and borrow money, and enlarge this canal. The
Government has no more power over it than I
have; and both the Senators from Kentucky
know it. It simply holds the legal title, for the
purpose—if these men run it in debt, and do not
choose to charge tolls enough—to make the Gov-
ernment foot the bill. For that reason I am op-
posed to it; and that is the whole operation of it.
It is for the Government to hold the legal title,
and to allow five gentlemen, who elect themselves
directors, having each of them an interest of §100
apiece—and I do not know whether they hold that
in trust or in their own right—to govern it as they
please; to borrow money on the tolls, and, doubt-
less, when they get in debt, they will expect the
Government to pay it. I am willing to give the
canal to Kentucky; we ought never to have put
our money in it. I am willing it shall go; but
they do not want it.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, the Louisville
and Portland canal was constructed under a
charter granted by the Kentucky Legislature in
1825. It was completed in December, 1830. In-
dividuals owned all the stock in the original canal,
except $233,500, which was subscribed by the
United States in pursuance of acts of Congress.
From 1834 to 1842, the United States received in
cash, as dividends derived from the^tolls on this
canal , $267,778, or §24,278 more than she had put
into it. In 1842 there was a g®od deal of clamor
in that region of country because the canal was
owned by a private corporation; and the people
living upon the banks of the Ohio and Missis-
sippi rivers, and all those who were interested in
the commerce of those rivers thought, and thought
properly, that that state of things ought not to con-
tinue. In obedience to the wishes of the people,
and in order to unfetter commerce and make this
canal free, the Legislature of Kentucky, in 1842,
so amended the charter as to allow the tolls aris-
ing from the canal to be applied to the purchase
of the stock held by private individuals. That
amendment to the charter provided that when all
the private stock should be purchased up with
those tolls, the canal should be transferred to the
United States, upon the condition that the United
States would make all necessary improvements
and enlargements, and, indeed, perform the con-
ditions that were incumbent on the president and
directors of the company under the original char-
ter, namely, to keep it in a condition sufficient to
pass the boats navigating the Ohio river.
Under that amended charter which was ac-
cepted, the tolls were applied to the purchase of
the private stock, and about the year 1855 all the
private stock was purchased, except five shares,
which were necessary to be held by individuals,
in order to keep the corporation in existence. In
1854, the president and directors of the company
notified the Secretary of the Treasury that, in a
very short time, all the private stock would be
taken, and they asked the Government to take
charge of the canal upon condition that it should
improve it, and so enlarge it as to answer the de-
mands of the commerce of the Ohio river. The
Government refused, or at least failed to do so.
The Secretaries of the Treasury, from that time
to this, have occasionally mentioned thematterin
their reports; but no action has been taken on the
subject. Congress will not legislate and will not
take the canal; I suppose, for fear that they will
be asked for additional sums to enlarge it.
Congress not doing anything in the matter, in
1857 the Kentucky Legislature again amended the
charter. It was found, after the canal was com-
pleted, that it was wholly inadequate for the pas-
sage of the large class of steamers now plying on
the Ohio river. It is but sixty-four feet wide.
At the time of its construction it was large enough
to pass the boats then on the river; but the im-
provements in steamboats were such, that in a
very few years it was apparent that it was not
sufficient for the demands of commerce. Indeed,
from the statements that I have before me, it is
evident that not more than one half the tonnage
on the river can pass through this canal. This is
a very great injury to the commerce in another
way, for the boats which it is necessary to con-
struct in. order to pass through the locks on the
canal, are not constructed with a due regard to
hydrostatic laws, and consequently they do not
run so rapidly. It is stated in a report which I
have before me, made by men eminent for their
ability in all commercial matters, at Cincinnati,
Louisville,and Madison, that a boat which carries
six hundred tons now requires ten days to pass
from the city of New Orleans to the city of Louis-
ville, and consuming five hundred cords of wood
in the journey; whilst a boat properly constructed
could carry a thousand tons, and make the trip in
six or seven days, consuming no more fuel. In
1857, as I have said, Congress failing to do any-
thing in the matter, the Legislature of Kentucky
amended the charter, by the passage of an act in
these words:
(i Be it enacted by the General -Assembly of the Common-
wealth of Kentucky, That the charter of the Louisville and
Portland Canal Company be so amended as to authorize
said company to construct, with the revenues and on the
crodit of the corporation, a branch canal sufficient to pass
the largest class of steam vessels navigating the Ohio river;
and said company are hereby vested with all the powers
and authority to acquire and hold the necessary lands for
said branch, and to construct the same, vested by the char-
ter and amendments, for the construction of the original
canal; and all the provisions of the original charter and
amendments shall, and are hereby, made as applicable to
the branch as to the original canal."
Itis to meet the provisions of this amendment
of the charter that this resolution is proposed.
The United States virtually owns nearly the whole
of this canal, as the matter now stands; for there
are only five shares of stock held by the directors.
Under the provisions of the amended charter of
1842, the president and the directory purchased
and held in trust seven thousand and ninety-three
shares; the Government of the United States ori-
ginally held two thousand nine hundred and two.
These, with the five shares held by the directors,
make up the ten thousand shares which represent
the original cost of the canal.
This resolution can, I think, be obnoxious to
none of the objections urged by the honorable
Senator from Georgia. I think he need have no
fear that we shall come back here and ask the
Congress of the United States for any money. I
would not hazard much if I were to assert that
this is the only improvement in this broad land
on any river, lake, or harbor, that has been made
by a tax on commerce. The United States Gov-
ernment paid $233,500 originally, but she has re-
ceived in tolls collected on the tonnage of the
Ohio river $24,278 more than she ever paid, and
she has caused to he purchased in trust for her
seven thousand and ninety-three of the shares
held by private individuals in this canal; pur-
chased, not with money paid out of the Treasury
of the United States, but with money derived from
the tolls collected on the vessels passing through
the canal.
All we ask now is, that you allow us to go on
and use the revenues and credit of the canal to
enlarge it so as to make it of sufficient size to
pass the boats that now navigate the Ohio. I am
sure that is a very reasonable request, and it ought
to satisfy the constitutional scruples of those who
are the strictest in their construction. I think it
would fully meet the views contained in the very
able message of the President of the United States,
which was read before this body a short time
ago, in relation to internal improvements. We
do not ask the Government to allow us to do any-
thing else than to use the revenues arising from
the taxes on the commerce of the river for the
completion of the canal.
The Senator from Georgia says that the direct-
