3082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
first time, the character of the work is detected.
Does this experience invite an extension of the
contract system ?
The only alternative between the system now
in force and thecontract system, is that presented
in the majority bill. Under the system now in
force, we, of course, elcct a political favorite to
do the printing. That is well understood. The
Printer must be one whose partisan politics are in
conformity with the politics of the majority. Un-
der the contract system the same thing indirectly
obtains; for a Printer, knowing that a majority in
either branch or both branches of Congress are
of the same politics with himself, and assuming
that in the event of his making an appeal to them
for aid at the next session of Congress, or about
the period his work ceases under his contract, it
will be responded to favorably, makes a bid at
such a low rate as he knows will not enable him to
make any profit, but on the contrary must finally
ruin bini and his securities, unless Congress re-
lieves him. At the end of the session he pleads,
as the Senator from Missouri has said, that he
performed his contract, perhaps did it faithfully
and honestly, and at a great sacrifice to himself,
and appeals to you, as a great and magnanimous
Government, not to allow its servants^to do work
for nothing. He. appeals to the majority us par-
tisans, saying to them, "stand by me; give me
the aid I require;" and the past shows that the
appeal will ninety-nine times out of a hundred be
successful. It results then, at last, in only parti-
san favoiitism, whether the piesent or the con-
tract system be in vogue. Between the two, I
prefer the existing system.
Mr. DAVIS. The chairman of the Commit-
tee on Printing, to whom I am usually in the
habit of deferring in committee, as well as in the
Senate, on all subjects of printing, made such a
reply to me us requires a very brief answer, and
I shall detain the Senate but a minute. He argues
that if these contractors take the printing at too
low a price, they will bribe the Superintendent.
Nov/, 1 hardly think that is a danger to be very
much apprehended. If they got too high a rate,
and if the Superintendent luul the power of vary-
ing the rate, there might be some reason for the
fear; but where they have less money than is ne-
cessary to perform the work, they will have very
little for purposes of bribery. I think there is
the answer. Hut he supposes they will underbid
with a view to come to Congress to gut relief, and
that the political favorites of the Congress thus
underbidding, when they come to Congiess, will
get. relief. That is surely to put the morality of
Congress at a very low standard; and if Congress
be so low as is thus described by my friend, the
chairman of the Committee on Printing, how is
it that he asks us to trust Congress with the ex-
traordinary power of organizing a bureau which
they can fill up to any extent with political favor-
ites, and the numbers of which they can increase
ad libitum ? I do not believe Congress is so cor-
rupt; but if he thinks so, with what, force comes
the argument in favor of stripping Congress of all
connection with the subject and throwing it open
to tree competition ?
Mr. BROWIV. As I indicated on a former oc-
casion, I prefer to try at least a Government print-
ing office to any other mode of executing the pub-
lic printing. We have already tried theothertwo
plans. Wc have tried the plan of electing a Pub-
lic Printer, and wc know how it has resulted in
the last two years. That is the latest experiment.
I think there is a universal disposition to aban-
don that mode of executing the work. Some ten
years ago we had the contract system, andl have
st very distinct recollection as to how it worked.
Wendell & Van Ijenthuysen, two gentlemen
from .New York, took the eontiact at a very low
figure, and everybody thought we were going to
have public printing done admirably well by prac-
tical printers, and at alow rate. The result was
that the work was very badly done, the paper
was indifferent, the typography was worse, the
work was very slowly and very indifferently de-
livered, and there got to bo a universal com-
plaint. The Committee on Printing inquired into
the cause of it, and reported that the contractors
had taken the job at too low a rate, and there-
fore could not afford to execute it. They, how-
ever, did not ask for relief. At the expiration of
their contract, which they had very badly execu-
ted, they gave it up, and were not bidders again.
Mr. Ritchie, who was then editor of the Govern-
ment organ here, called the Union, bid for the
work at still a lower rate. Everybody wondered
what he meant by it. He executed the work
about as badly as it had been done before, or per-
haps worse, and he came to Congress for reclama-
tion, and fixed his losses, I think, at somewhere
near one hundred thousand dollars. After a long
controversy, Congress voted him the round sum
of $50,000 to make up his losses. That being
done, the old contractors came and said, "if you
are going to indemnify contractors for public
printing, we are equally entitled to indemnity."
My recollection is, that they were paid, and the
contract system was abandoned—abandoned sim-
ply because parties took work for less than they
could execute it, came to Congress and appealed
to a party majority, and got relief.
With these'examples staring us in the face, I,
for one, feel unwilling to return to that system.
I did notbelieve tlie system had been faiily tried,
and so stated at the time. My position in the
whole controversy was, that if you would stand
by the contract, compel gentlemen to execute it,
and in case they failed, bring suit and recover
the penalty of the bond, you could executc con-
tracts for public printing as well as contracts for
Army and Navy and other supplies; but Con-
gress did not do it. You have these examples
staring you in the face; and if another contract
fails, what will bo the result' The contractors
will comc again to Congress pleading these pie-
cedcnts, and they will again be relieved.
I see none of these dangers or dilHculties grow-
ing out of a Government printing office. We
have managed our Indian affairs; we have man-
aged all the vast machinery of the Land Office;
we have managed the bureaus in the Army and
Navy Department, all as wc propose to manage
the public printing—by having special employes
charged with the execution of these special duties.
I think wc can manage the public printing in the
same way, and have it done moie honestly, more
faithfully, and more economically. At least, I am
ready to try it. The other two systems having
failed, I am disposed, for one, to try something
new. "We cannot lose a great deal at it. If it
fails, then I am for trying something else; but I
am not in favor of returning to systems which
have already worked badly in practice. I do not
say, necessarily badly. I believed, at the time,
there was no necessity for it. I only state facts.
1 state what did occur; what is in the recollection
ofeveiy gentluman who happened tosei ve in either
House of Congress at that day. Congitss was
appealed to, importuned from year to year, until
we voted the money; and I am apprehensive we
shall do so again.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am not going to debate
this subject at all; it would take me a great while
to give the reasons for this measure; but as it
was my duty to examine this subject very thor-
oughly, not only upon the Committee on Print-
ing, but on the very laborious and tedious coin-
mitt-eeof investigation thatwc havegone through,
I wish to say that I have come to the conclusion
that this bill reported by the majority of thecom-
mittee is altogether the best mode of carrying on
the public printing. At any rate, the experiment
ought to be tried.
Mr. DAVIS called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. BROWN. Before the call proceeds, I de-
sire to say that, at the solicitation of the Senator
from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] I paired off with
him for half an hour. lie has not yet returned
to the Chamber; and I therefore decline voting.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment of Mr. Davis, resulted—yeas 18,
nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Mo^rs. IJingtiani, Cameron, Chirk, Davis, Doo-
little, Durkee. Fe^cnfien, Hainhn, Hunter, Ivei^on, Rmjr,
!Varce. Puirli, Sew.ud, Hlnlcli, Trumbull, Wigtali, and
Ynlee—IS.'
.VA —Messrs. Anthony, JSajard.Bigler, !!i ai/L'. Bright,
Chandler, Chesnur, Dixon, Fitch, Foster, Giern, <-win,
Hale, Hammond. Hiiilan, Hemphill, Jotm-on ot' Tomt^ee,
Kennedy. Lane, Latham, Mason. N'ichoj.-nn, !'olk, Powell,
Saulsbury, Simmons, .Sumner. Wade, and Wilson—20.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. As the Senate refuse to adopt
the contiact system, I hope they will adhere to
the present one of choosing their own Printer. It
is bad; but if we go to the bureau system, I think
it will be as bad, or even worse, and something
of which we shall not easily get rid. If we act
in haste in the inauguration of a new policy, we
mayhave to repentat leisure. I shall vote against
it. I hope it will not pass.
Mr. FITCH. The Senator, I presume, has
no objection to my expressing the contrary hope.
As to the relative merits of the two propositions,
my opinion is decidedly in favor of the majority
bill. The system in force at this time is con-
demned, not only by the Senate and House, but
by the whole country, and deservedly. Good
or otherwise, as it may have been in its incipiency,
corruptions, fiauds, abuses have crept into it;
indeed they exist, to some extent, in the system
itself. It has failed, and we shall deseiwe the re-
proach of the public, unless we make a change.
Mr. KING. I think nothing can be worse than
the present system. The facts which have been
developed before the country in both Houses of
Congress show that. I am most distinctly op-
posed, however, to the adoption of this system,
1 trust it will not be worse; I hope it may be bet-
ter. I perceive that the Senate is disposed to
adopt it. I voted for the substitute, believing
that was the best system we could have. I shall
not vote for this; but I still believe it is better
to change the present system by any one that
Congress may deem proper to adopt.
Mr. DAVIS. I concur in the wish to change
the present system; but I shrink from changing
it to another which I think will be worse, and
from which wc shall find it very difficult to get rid.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third read-
ing, and read the third time.
Mr. PUGH. I call for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. "BROWN. The Senator from Georgia,
with whom I am paired, has not returned to the
Chamber, and I decline voting. I should vote for
the bill, and he against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nayu,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Anthonv, Bayard, Bigler, Bmgg, Chand-
ler, Crittenden, Dixon, Fitch, Foot, Foster, Green, Gwm,
Hale. Hammond, Ilailati, Hemphill, Johnson of Tennes-
see, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Mason, Nicholson, Pearce,
Polk, Powell, Saulsbmy, Simmons, Sumner, Trumbull,
Wade. and WiWon— 31.
NAYS—Bingham, Bright. Cameron, Clark, Da-
vis, Doohttle, Duikfiu, Fessendon, Grimes, Hamlin, Hun-
ter, King, Pugh, and Scwaid—14.
So the joint resolution was passed.
SENATE CONTINGENT PUND.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution,
during the consideration of the naval appropria-
tion bill:
Rao/rcd, That the Committee to Audit and Control the
Contingent Expenses of the Senate he instructed to in-
quire and repoit to the Senate how many person* are em-
ployed by the Senate, m cach and cverv depattmeut,
whether in the otiiee ot the Secretaiy, or under the dnee-
uon of the Sergoant-at-Arm<, or ot the Dootkeeper, or in
any other way and manner; the compensation of each ; the
time that cach individual is employed; the authouty by
winch each individual is employed or appointed; and also
to inform the Senate whether, in the opinion of «?aid com-
mits e, the &erviecs of any one thus employed may not bo
dispensed with, without detriment to the public service ;
and also whether, m the contingent expenses ofthe Senate,
theie are not abu&cs winch lequue ictorm and amend-
ment.
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot consent that tho
naval appropriation bill shall be disjDlaccd by this
resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the resolution will lie over.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayds, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House insisted upon its disagreement to certain
amendments of the Senate to the bill of the House
(No. 305) making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year ending June 30, 1861,
insisted on by the Senate, and upon its amend-
ments to certain other amendments of the Senate
disagreed to by the Senate, agreed to the confer-
ence asked by the Senate on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. Hustrt Winter Da\ie> of Maryland, Mr.
Benjamin Stanton* of Ohio, and Mr. John Coch-
rane of New York, managers at the same on the
part of the House.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
