1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i m
ors hold on to it. Sir, they do hold it, because
the Government of the United States absolutely
refuses to take it upon the conditions prescribed
in the law—that is, that she shall keep it open;
that she shall enlarge it; that she shall make it
sufficient to meet the demands of the commerce
of the country, and collect no more tolls from it
than are sufficient to keep it in repair and pay the
expense of superintendence. She fails to accept
upon that condition, and has failed to do so five
years; and for five years the commerce has been
obstructed and subject to heavy taxation and
great loss in consequence of this canal not being
branched and enlarged.
Sir, the commerce upon the Ohio river is very
great. It is not necessary for me to speak of it
here in the presence of the Senate. Six States
border upon that river. Besides, the States on
the Upper Mississippi and upon the main waters
of the Mississippi itself, and all the tributaries of
the Ohio and Mississippi rivers, are deeply inter-
ested in the removal of this obstruction and al-
lowing the commerce of the Ohio river to pass
untaxed. That is all that this resolution pro-
poses; all that its movers desire; and I am sure
there can be no fair or reasonable objection to its
passage.
The gentleman speaks of ceding the canal to
the State of Kentucky. The Legislature of that
State will not, perhaps, meet again for two years,
and before the legislation that would probably be
necessary to carry out the wishes of the friends
of this canal could be had there, if this resolution
were to pass, under the amended charter which
already exists, this improvement could be made.
In my humble judgment, it is an improvement
which should not belong to any particular State
in the Union; all are interested m it. It has been
paid for by a tax upon the commerce of the river,
and the proposed improvement is to be made by
a tax on its tonnage, and it should be held as a
national highway, alike free to all. Other States
have as deep an interest in it as the State of Ken-
tucky. If you transfer it to the State of Ken-
tucky under proper conditions, allowing her to
control it as she wishes, I feel every confidence
that such is her patriotism that she would have it
enlarged, and would collect no more tolls than
were necessary to keep it in repair Those, how-
ever, who have the greater interest in the matter
did not ask for that, and the representatives from
other States bordering on that river do not desire
it. I deferred to their objections, and asked that
what the Committee on Commerce recommended
should be granted. I am confident that a bill
which proposed the transfer of the canal to the
State of Kentucky, would not pass either House
of Congress. I have conversed with most of the
Senators and Representatives from the States
bordering on the Ohio river, and they arc all op-
posed to the transfer of the canal to any State.
The only reason why the Government of the
United States has not long since taken charge of
the canal, is the fear that there would be a de-
mand on the national Treasury for money to
enlarge it. Pass this resolution, allow the pres-
ident and directors to go on as they have done to
enlarge the canal; to make it sufficient to answer
the demands of commerce; to use the revenues
of the canal to pay the indebtedness; and then
come to Congress and say to them, "take it, and
hereafter collect no more tolls than enough to
keep it in repair, and pay the expense of its
superintendence;" and I have no doubt they will
very cheerfully do it. That is all we desire.
The gentleman speaks of the canal being man-
aged by private individuals. The Secretary of
the Treasury says they managed it well, and that
they are most honorable gentlemen. They were
compelled to manage it just as they have done,
or allow the work to lie idle, unprotected, and
uncared for. After the amendment to the char-
ter, in 1857, the directory went^on to buy the
right of way for the ground necessary for the
branch canal; and they have purchased the right
of way, with the exception of a very small por-
tion where the land belongs to heirs, which they
think they will very speedily be able to purchase;
and they had, at the date of the communication
which I hold in my hands, $109,000 in their
treasury, and perhaps have as much as $200,000
at this time. In the meanwhile, though they have
reduced the tolls on the canals one half, and
though, since the stock of private individuals was
retired, they have used a great deal of the revenue
to make improvements on the canal, they have
enlarged and extended the locks; they have cut
away rocks; they have improved the canal very
much; but still it will never answer the wants of
the commerce of the river until it is widened to a
hundred feet, deepened, and this branch made,
that goes in below many obstructions which exist
opposite Sand Island. When that is done, the
canal will answer the wants of the commerce of
the river.
Gentlemen need have no fear about demands
being made on the Treasury. The stock of the
canal was very profitable; and I looked upon it as
a very high evidence of the patriotism of the pri-
vate citizens who owned that stock, that they al-
lowed it to be bought from them for the purpose
of letting it go into the hands of the Government,
in order to unfetter the commerce of that majestic
river. They wish to do away now with the old
Procrustean locks, and allow boats of the finest
model to pass through, and to pass untaxed. From
1842 to 1854 such were the profits on the canal
that the president and directors were enabled to
buy over seven thousand shares of the stock with
the tolls collected. It is now sufficient to pass but
one half of the commerce of the river. Make it
large enough to admit and pass the entire com-
merce of the river, and in two or three years the
branch will be made, the present canal will be
widened and deepened, and paid for out of the
profits.
I hold in myhand, as I before said,a very able
report, made during the year by a committee of
merchants and business men of Cincinnati, Louis-
ville, and Madison, in which they speak of the
plan of the proposed improvement. There have
been various plans, and the Government has had
engineer after engineer making reconnaisances
about the falls, and reporting upon the best mode
of enlarging the canal. They have made surveys
upon both sides of the river; but all concur now
that the enlargement of the present canal, with the
branch indicated, is the cheapest and best mode of
making the improvement. In the report to which
I have referred, the plan is thus described:
"The plan of the directors is a modification of the plan
of Trumbull and Fisk. Instead of making the canal two
hundred feet wide, they propose to remove thirty-five feet
of earth from one side, making it one hundred feet wide,
and to increase the depth one foot; to construct several
basins or places for boats to pass each other; to make a dam
extending from the head of the canal to tiie mouth of
Beargrass creek, to branch just above the present locks,
extending about a quarter of a mile down the river; to con-
struct two lift-locks, seventy-five feet wide and four hun-
dred feet Jong. With such improvements, it will not require
more than an hour to pass the largest steamer through the
canal, and fifty boats a day may pass without detention.
The whole cost would not exceed $1,000,000."
Another advantage derived by the proposed
plan of improvement is: that it will not impede
the use of the canal during its construction. The
proposed branch turns out from the main canal,
just above the present locks, and consequently the
branch can be entirely completed without inter-
fering with the present canal, all the locks being
below it. The earth, which is to be removed
thirty-five feet from one side, can be removed
without interrupting the commerce. The rocks
which must be taken out in order to deepen it,
can be taken from the bottom of the present canal,
they say, in about two months, during low water
on the river, when there is very little commerce
upon it. When completed by this branch, it will
have the advantage of having two sets of locks,
those on the present canal being used to pass
small boats when the river is in good order; and
those on the branch to pass the large boats. Jus-
tice to the people of the Mississippi valley and
the wants of commerce alike demand that the ob-
structions of the navigation of the Ohio at the falls
should be removed; the passage of the resolution
under consideration will insure the accomplish-
ment of that desirable object. I ask its passage.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, after the very
able exposition of this matter by the Senator from
Kentucky, I do not suppose it is necessary for me
to say more than a few words on the subject, al-
though the Senate can see,from the resolutions I
have presented from the State of Ohio, that that
State takes a very deep interest in the question.
Mr. MASON. By the permission of the Sen-
ator, I would express the hope that the vote may
be taken on this question, for at half past two
o'clock I shall be constrained to move for an ex-
ecutive session. I hope the vote may be taken.
I do not wish to interfere with it.
Mr. WADE. I am ttot about to make a speech
to prolong time, because I deem it now entirely
unnecessary, as I have said, from the lucid expo-
sition of the whole matter which has iust been
made by the Senator from Kentucky. The State
of Ohio, like every other State on the Qhioriver,
is deeply interested in this improvement. Th«
obstruction of the falls of the Ohio is a great bufden
to the commerce of that river—-a commerce which
4s exceedingly great; and it is one of those ob-
structions which we hold, and probably a mojor-
ityof the Senate would hold,ought to be removed,
even at the expense of the General Government
itself. But when we ask no such thing as. that;
when we barely ask that the Governmeftt shall
give its formal assent that the tolls collected there
from commerce shall be applied to improve the
navigation, it seems to me extraordinary that ob-
jection should be made.
We are not here to ask a single dollar from the
Government, not a cent; and by an amendment
now fastened on tho resolution by the committee,
it is rendered impossible that any expense ever
shall be fastened on the Government. All we
want is that the tolls collected from the canal shall
be applied to its enlargement, and finally, that no
more tolls shall be levied than are sufficient to
keep it in repair, and that otherwise the naviga-
tion shall be free. I am surprised that any ob-
jection should be made to it. I did not suppose it
would be even argu#d. Gentlemen anticipate that
the proceeds of these tolls may fall short, and that
Congress may be called upon for the deficiency.
That is altogether a gratuitous assumption. If
they are called upon, gentlemen will withhold their
votes, I suppose, as many have heretofore Vith-
held them when anything was asked to promote
or assist the navigation of these rivers; but it will
be time enough to do that whenever we ask any
such thing—which, in my judgment, will never
be; my opinion being that the proceeds of the
tolls collected will be amply sufficient to make
this improvement, and also keep it in repair; and
I hope and expect that the navigation will bo re-
lieved very much from the burdens under which
it now labors. That these tolls are exceedingly
onerous might well be stated, and would be known
to any body who reads the reports; but I think it
is unnecessary to go into this matter, and I shall
not do so at this time; and unless more formidable
objectionsare made, I shall not occupy any further
time on the subject.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. As the gentleman from
Ohio has remarked, the very able exposition which
my colleague has given on the subject, supersedes
the necessity of anything beyond a very few re-
marks—I speak literally. This canal has imposed
on the commerce of the Ohio river, since the year
1830, more than two million dollars—a very heavy
tax. Boats in active employment during portions
of this time, when the tolls were at the highest,
must have paid from one to two thousand dollars
each per annum tax for the privilege of navigat-
ing the canal. The people of the West were very
impatient under it; and some fifteen years ago, I
used to struggle here, indignant almost at the Bur-
den imposed on the commerce of that river, to get
this Government to purchase out the stock, and
reimburse itself by holding the property and using
it as it pleased until it was reimbursed, and then
making it free. The stockholders offered to Sell;
but they demanded so high a premium upon the
stock, now grown very valuable, that Congress
could not be induced to buy. So it remained. The
stockholders finally adopted the plan of buying up
the private stock; and did pay themselves for it
at an average of $150 upon every share of $100
original cost;' and now, the United States, by this
process, has become the owner of the whole stock,
it is stated, except five shares. Those five shares
are held merely for tho purpose of keeping up a
nominal government, through this corporation,
over the canal.
I am not satisfied with this state of things any
more than the honorable gentleman from Georgia.
I do not think it ought to be allowed to remain
as a permanent system, under such control and
government—by no means. But they have acted
quite meritoriously in this: it is not for the pur-
pose of any profit that these five gentlemen have
retained any share of their stock, but for the pur-
pose of governing the canal; because otherwise
