1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
previous to Dr. Dart, and the same salary that
every superintendent has received that has served
subsequent to Dr. Dart. As soon as ho arrived
at his post, or very shortly after, he commenced
writing the Department to invite him home, to
bring him to Washington, and he continued to
press that matter, as I can show by letters in my
hand, from time to time, without success; and
finally he wrote the Department that unless an
order should arrive within a few days he would
be on his way to Washington; he could not wait.
He had no business here. His duty did not lie
here. The Indian affairs were in Oregon, and the
Indians of whom he had charge, the Indians that
he had been appointed superintendent to look
after, were on the Pacific coast, not in Washing-
ton city.
Mr. DOOLI'TTLE. The Senator will allow
me to say that Mr. Dart, before he returned to
Washington, had formed thirteen treaties with
the Indians; and he returned hereto Washington
with them, and was directed by the Department
to come to Washington.
Mr. LANE. Dr. Dart made treaties with the
Indians; but he did not repair here with them
according to an order. Long after Dr. Dart left
Oregon for this place, an order issued here to bring
him home at his request, based on his earnest soli-
citation thatheshould bebroughtto Washington.
He never saw the order; it was in transit while
he was en route for this District. I am glad the
Senator has mentioned that he made treaties with
the Indians, for if he had not mentioned it, no-
body in the Senate would ever have known that
such a thing occurred. He made thirteen treaties
with less than one thousand Indians. He went
to the Clatsop plains, and made a treaty with half
a dozen or so of warriors and a few squaws—the
remains of the Chinook tribe. He contracted to
pay a large sum of money to them, and not one
of them was on the face of the earth three years
after he made that treaty. That is one of the
treaties he made. He followed the coast down
where the Indians were inoffensive; where they
occupied country that we did not want; where
they were out of our way; where they were mere
remnants of tribes; where there was 110 great na-
tion to treat with. He made thirteen treaties, in-
volving a large amount of money. The Senate
had the good sense to look into these treaties, and
reject them all; or rather the Senate never would
aet on them, and never confirmed one of them.
I can say, in addition to his action on these
treaties, costing the Government thousands of
dollars, that he never went outside of these little
harmless tribes to look into Indian affairs. He
never went into Washington Tciritory, except
along the border; he did not visit Puget Sound;
he did not go to the Rogue river country, where
the Indians were more likely to be troublesome; j
he never visited any of the Indian nations where :
it was his duty to go; but he made treaties with 1
these little tribes along the coast. I said half a ;
dozen or so of warriors. There may have been ;
a few more; but there were a very few people !
theie, and at this time there is not one soul left
living of that tribe with whom he treated, and j
there has not been for several years last past, j
Then think of the importance of the treaties, that |
he should bring them in person to Washington !
without orders! There was not a treaty marie [
by Dr. Dart that ever was regarded as worth the i
paper on which it was written; not one that ever !
received the consideration of this body; not one
that ever became a treaty, in fact. So, he cer- j
tainly is entitled to no *xtra pay for incurring
very heavy expense in making treaties with In-
dians with whom we wanted no treaty of purchase,
whose lands must necessarily fall into oui hands
without money and without price, and, indeed,
who wore becoming extinct; not one of them is
left now to poin tout the place where they had lived.
But, as I said before, sir, among the tribesupon
Puget Sound, m that remote portion of his super-
intendency, and the tribes of Rogue river, whore
a war sprung up, and was a fierce and bloody
one, he failed to go. The Governor of Oregon I
Territory, Governor Gaines, went there and took
charge of Indian affairs, and made a treaty of peace
with the Indians that lasted for two years—an
unbroken peace. Dr Dart did not perform the i
duties. As I stated yesterday, I come here and
procured an appropriation based upon Governor :
Gainesiss vouchers of expenses incurred, of some
three thousand dollars, to pay the expense of his
trip from the seat of government to the Rogue
river country—a distance of some three hundred
miles—with such an escort as enabled him to go
safely to that point, and to subsist him while he
was there in the discharge of his duties. So Dr.
Dart performed no important service—suffered no
peculiar hardship.
The Senator says that he is astonished to find
that I object to the allowance of the Doctor's travr
eling expenses to Oregon, and from Oregon to
Washington city and returning; and he says they
amounted to some fifteen hundred dollars. Why,
sir, the first trip was $623. There was then $700
for bringing him back, and $700 for taking him to
Oregon again. That made over two thousand dol-
lars; and then $300 was allowed him here to pay
for his board; and an allowance was made for a
clerk in this city, where he had no earthly service
for a clerk to perform, and no business with a
clerk. He was allowed for everything he could
think of. The Senator is astonished that I should
complain of this allowance of between two and
three thousand dollars to this man for taking him
to Oregon, and bringing him back to Washington
city, and taking him to Oregon again, when my
mileage amounts to three times as much. Mr.
President, I take just what the law allows, and
not one farthing over. I served as superintend-
ent of Indian affairs of Oregon ex officio, and took
the amount allowed by law, and not one cent
more. I asked for nothing more. I kept myself
within the law, and within the salary prescribed
by law; and with that I was content. I went to
Oregon at an expense of a great deal more than
was allowed this man for traveling expenses, and
it did not cost this Government one farthing. Now
he says that this man should be selected out of all
the superintendents who served there, and his sal-
ary increased for his special advantage; and that
it should not extend to those who served before
him, or subsequent to him. Is there any justice
in that? Is that what I would expect from the
Senator from Wisconsin, that this man should be
made an object of special favor, and that others,
who performed duty at a time when Indian affairs
were very much more complicated, should not
have the same pay that it is proposed to give him?
Why should we discriminate between them?
Should wc say that that man who went to his post
without costing the Government one cent should
not be provided for at the same rate of salary with
this man? Is there any justice in it? Is there any
equity in it? None. I hope the Senate, before
voting on the passage of the bill, will, at least,
adopt the amendment, and then I shall vote against
the bill as amended; and 1 hope the Senate will
not now undertake to increase the salary of offi-
cers, appointed under a law fixing their salary, to
a sum $1,500 per annum in addition to that fixed
by law.
That is not all of this man's case. This man
was on duty in Oregon, all told, as I stated yes-
terday, less than twenty-two months. He was
here in this city, living m the finest rooms, fur-
nished him by the Government, and his board
paid, instead of being at his post of duty. For
his twenty-one months' services he received, be-
sides these traveling expenses, his regular salary
for nearly three years. For about three years he
was paid at the rate of $2,500 a year, and per-
formed twenty-one months'service. Now it is
proposed to increase his salary from §2,500 to
§4,000—an addition of §1,500 per annnm for three
years,although he was onduty only abouttwenty-
one months.
Then the Senator refers us to the reports and
speeches of eminent Senators who have heretofore
favored this measure. It is not surprising that
Senators did so; for this man is worse than a
thousand leeches. He will hang on to every Sen-
ator; he will hang on to every member of the
House; he will press this matter with a plausi-
bility that would induce one to believe he wasen-
titled to something. It was from persuasion ;from
his urgent solicitations;from his habat of hanging
on to Senators, and urging the justice of his claim,
that kind-hearted Senators agreed that his salary
should be increased. It was that course of policy,
I have no doubt, which induced the passage of
the bill heretofore. I know that the Senate, at
the time, did what they thought was right; but I
am sensible that it was broughtabout in the way j
that I say.
There could have been no understanding'that
ought to bind the Senate between the chairman of
the Committee on Indiair Affairs and this individ-
ual. The chairman of the Committee ontndiaji
Affairs had no right to pledge the faith of this
Government. He had no right to say to Dart,
" Go, sir, render as little service as possible, pro-
cure all the money you can, and then come to us,
and we wilhncrease your pay #1,500 per annum."
I hope the Senate will not regard itself bound by
such promises; for it ought never to be indorsed
or adopted.
I say now, sir, that our friends ill'the Senate
who favored this bill heretofore,'and made those
kind speeches, committed a great mistake when
they said that this man's services had be&n very
important to that country, and that he had suc-
ceeded in maintaining peace with the Indians. He
succeeded in doing no such tiling; ndr did he
make an effort towards it; nor did-lie expose his
person, or do any thing that the most ordinary man
could not have done; and yet they held him up as
being a model superintendent of Indian affairs. I
know that, as superintendent oflndian affairs, he
was certainly not superior to other men. I know
that he was not a greater superintendent than
those who have served since then.
Since that time we have had General Palmer—a
faithful man; a man who served for $2,500 a year,
and who never abandoned his post one moment;
a man who was always on duty and always
where the greatest trouble was. He served for
$2,500 a year. If you will now increase the sal-
ary of this man, why not increase the salary of
General Palmer; why not allow him the same
compensation? Certainly this superintendent was
well paid for going there. General Palmer's en-
try upon the discharge of his duties did not cost
the Government a cent. He had none of these
advantages. Will you now excludo him ? Next
to him we had General Nesmith, also a good su-
perintendent of Indian affairs, and when Indian
affairs were very complicated—when we had war
all over the country. These men were in the
habit of visiting all the tribes, whether peaceable
or not, with a view of bringing about friendly re-
lations, using their best efforts to restore peace to
the country and to save the lives of our .people
and to prevent the destruction of property. Should
they not be provided for? We have now a su-
perintendent equally capable with any of them,
whose duty it is to take care of all the Indians in
that country, and Indians very much more nu-
merous than when Dr. Dart was there, because
we now have relations with many tribes of In-
dians that Dr. Dart never heard of. The exten-
sion of the settlements has brought us in contact'
with tribes outside of those with whom we had
friendly relations before, and the duties of these
men have been very much increased. I can see
no justice in passing this bill without including
them. Then, too, you would pass over your
humble servant;and I should notlike that, though
I have not asked an increase of pay, and would
not take it if you voted it; but 1 do not want to
see this difference made. Treat all alike. When
I received noticc of my appointment as Governor
and superintendent of Indian affaiis ex officio in
Oregon, I did not stop to make any contracts with
the Government. 1 did not ask for the office; I
did not want it; but I took it into my head, fifteen
minutes after I had received notice of the appoint-
ment, that I would go out and see that country.
I started in the fall and crossed the plains in the
dead of winter, and arrived in Oregon City on the
2d ofMarch,afterati'ipoffivemonlhsand twenty-
two days, in snows and storms, without tent or
shelter, and at the sacrifice of nearly every animal
that I stai ted with. Would you nowprovide for
giving thisman additional pay, who was sent there
on his first trip at an expense to the Government
of $623, and who came here at an expense of $700;
and was sent back again at a further expense of
$700, and was allowed all these other expenses
of which I have spoken in addition, and not pro-
vide for others ? Are they not as well entitled ?
If you pass the bill, let it include all the superin-
tendents; let it not be a partial bill 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Oregon will suspend his remarks. The hour
of one o'clock Saving arrived, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call to the consideration of the
Senate the special order of the day, being the un-
finished business of yesterday—the resolutions of
