1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
in contest with the Republicans which has power
either to cope with it or to defeat it, if that may be
possible, we see here southern men, Representa-
tives of slaveholding constituencies, refusing to
cooperate with the Democratic party, upon which
the Republicans are making war, and refusing to
aid us in maintaining the constitutional rights of
the South in organizing this House. Let these
things fix the responsibility where it properly
belongs—upon those who are responsible, not for
the non-organization of the House, because their
number may not be sufficient with ours to control
that question, but responsible for not enabling
the southern Representatives to present a united
front against the Republican party.
Now, Mr. Clerk, having presented the Repub-
lican party in its proper attitude, and haying
shown what it considers constitutional legisla-
tion, and what we are to understand by its giving
to all sections of the Union and to each State its
constitutional rights; and having shown the po-
sition of the Democratic party as a party acting
on the defensive against these aggressions, I have
this to say, that everything which is spoken here
in debate, everything which is written in the news-
papers, and everything which is done in public
meetings, which has a tendency to deceive or mis-
lead either section of the Confederacy in reference
to the popular sentiment on this great and agi-
tating question, is calculated to do injury to the
whole country; and stich was especially the char-
acter of the speeches delivered by the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Clark] on the one side, and
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Nelson] on
the other.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Clark]
asserted upon this floor that he represents one of
the most intelligent and wealthy portions of New
York; and that he never saw, until he came to
this city, an Abolitionist in all his life. He did
not tell us which one that was. Now, sir, that
gentleman must know that such a statement, go-
ing out into the country, may produce, upon the
minds of the people of the other section of the
Union, where this anti-slavery sentimentdoes not
exist, misconception; that it is a sentiment calcu-
lated 1t> mislead the people of that other section,
to throw them off their guard, and induce them
to believe that they; had guarantees and security
m public sentiment, at least in one district at the
North, which they did not anticipate. The gen-
tleman knew, when he asserted that fact—I am
sure that he must have known—that there were
numbers in his district who voted for Mr. Sew-
ard, who would sustain Mr. Seward in the Sen-
ate of the United States, from the State of New
York, or for any position to which he aspired.
He must have known that there was a large anti-
slavery sentiment in his district; that it would ex-
press itself in favor of its candidates for every de-
partment of the State and Federal Governments;
and that it would continue the slavery agitation
until this Government was placed in the hands of
t.lio Republican patty.
That gentleman further asserted it as his con-
viction—he repeated it more than once—that the
great body of the northern people (I supposed he
referred especially to the State of New York and
adjoining States, with the sentiments of which he
may be more intimately acquainted,) is in favor
of the great platforms of the Whig and the Dem-
ocratic parties of 1852, and the platform of the
Democratic party upon the shivery question m
1856, upon which the whole South was united.^,
fie made that statement, sir, in the face of the
fact, which he must have known, that it was upon
that platform of 1852 that the Whig party went
oftt of existence and sank into the embrace of Ab-
olitionism. The Whig party was then broken
down and absorbed by the Abolition sentiment.
It was superseded as a party by the Republican
party. The Republican party, we know, has its
strength from the dissolved elements of the Whig
party, together with members of the Democratic
party, who left our ranks, upon this platform, at
the same time.
Now, sir, I say that statements like those T have
referred to, coming from honorable gentlemen
upon this floor, are calculated to mislead and de-
ceive the public mind of the South. Everything
which is calculated to deceive either section is an
injury to the whole country.
Mr. Clerk, of the same character with the state-
ments of the gentleman from New York were
those of the speech made from the other side1 by
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Nelson.]
I am not going to comment upon it in detail, fur-
ther than to say, that he denounced the Demo-
cratic party, which is the only national organiza-
tion that is now at all capable of contending with
the Republican party. He denounced the Demo-
cratic party, which Mr. Seward says is the only
party in the way of the Republican party on its
march to power. He denounced the Democratic
party, which Mr. Seward says must be put out
of the control of the Government; the Democratic,
party, which Mr. Seward says can be put out of
this Government only by the Republican party.
The speech of the gentleman from Tennessee
went further. He attributed to southern gentle-
men upon this iloor, and m the South, who enter-
tain, as he says, extreme views, the position that
they held the same attitude in this Government
that northern fanatics do. There is no such class
of people in the South. I say, then, that that
speech is calculated to produce the impression in
the minds of northern men that the sentiment in
the South is not up to the measure of the defense
of its rights upon this slavery question. It is
calculated to mislead the northern mind, to the
injury alike of the North and the South.
Of the same character, sir, are the proceedings
at some of these Union meetings now being held
, in the North. I say they mislead the public sen-
tinicnt at the South. So far as I am intrusted
with the rights of my people here, so far as I-am
a sentinel upon the walls * I will carefully guard
their interests. I will see that no sentiment shall
go out from here or in the public proceedings of
the country calculated to mislead or deceive the
popular mind at the South. I hold in my hand
the New York Herald, of December 9th, instant,
containing the proceedings of what is callcd " a
great Union meeting, in the city of Boston," to
give assurance to the southern people that there
is a sound conservative sentiment m the North
which will protect the South in its constitutional
rights; that there are sound conservative men
enough at the North to prevent calamity to us.
Let us see what was the sentiment avowed in
that meeting that is to gefoutas the expression on
the part of the people of Boston and Massachu-
setts into the southern States. I will read an ex-
tract from the speech of the president of that
meeting. Let us see whether the South can rely
upon those who hold such sentiments as he ex-
pressed; whether we can rely upon them as an
assurance that there is enough conservative, soun d
men against anti-slavery sentiment in the North
to protect us in our constitutional rights. Presi-
dent Lincoln, after uttering general patriotic sen-
timents, speaking of John Brown, says:
"Let it be borne in mind that John Brown was, at the
time, a citizen of a free State, Ins family an<1 propei ty under
the protection o) a free State, while himself with all his kin
weie stiangers to the population and the soil of the slave
State ofVngmia."
Well, sir, he then seems to become alarmed at
the fact that he had even to call Virginia a slave
State. Listen to what follows:
" Fellow-citizens, 1 trust T need not say, in tliis picMjnee,
that f am no advocutc for oppiossion 111 any ol its iorm-. I
am a fnend to freedom, a-- are \ou all. 1 would restrict
slavery to its narrowest legalized limits. [Chceis and ap-
plause. ]■'
Could the Republicans here say any more ? Is
not that precisely their position? And yet that
is the great conservative sentiment uttered by the
president of the great Union meeting in Boston—
to go out as the sentiment of Boston and Massa-
chusetts—to give the South assurance that there
is sufficient conservative sentiment at the North
to preserve us from calamity. The gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. English,] nearmo,says that
Governor Lincoln is himself a member of the
Republican party. X should judge po, from his
remarks. Further, he says:
"And do whatever was in my power to remove it from
the whole land, whenever and as -=0011 as, in tiic goodness
and mercy of God, it could be done with wisdom and safety.
[Loud and continued eheenrg and applause.] Y\ e uie all
lovcis of liberty. There is not a "injle pro-laveiymau, m
the opprobrious sense of that term, m all tins vast assem-
bly ; 110, not one. [Applause.]
.Could the Republicans do anything more than
remove slavery from the land wherever it exists,
as soon as it could be done m God 's wisdom and
mercy, which they call the constitutional way.
" We are all lovers of liberty." What liberty?
Liberty of the white man and the black man.
That is what they mean by- " lovers of liberty';"
and that is what the Republicans taean- by free-
dom—freedom of the white man and freedom of
the black man. "■ ' 'i
Mr. Clerk, we do not ask those men who are
holding these Union meetings for the purpose of
showing us that there is a conservative sentiment
in the orth which would be supposed to come up
to the rescue of our constitutional rights, to be
pro-slavery men. We ask them to be constitu-
tional men—anti-slavery men in the sense which
we understand the Republican party not to be-
that is: not to agitate that question before the
public mind, and not to raise up the prejudices
and inflame the passiofis of the people of the
North against the South upon the subject.
Now, sir, the newspaper press heralds forth to
the South that this was a great meeting designed
to give assurance of a conservative sentiment at
the North. I have in my hand the National In-
telligencer of yesterday, >vhieh is considered a
conservative paper, and I believe it is. It is cer-
tainly a paper of very great influence in the coun-
try, and especially with all that party which com-
prises what are called the conservative men of'the
country. Hear what it says in reference to this
speech of General Lincoln:
" The piesident [Governor Lincoln] opened tile speaking.
His reception was grand, and characterized by unbounded
enthusiasm; and so completely did his bold positions, his
glorious rasping down of treason and rebellion, and his in-
dignant presentation of Abolitionism, chime In will* U)p
temper of the meeting, that lie could hardly get through
some of his sentences before he was stopped by tremendous
outbursts of applause."
Well, sir, I have read to the House a part of
the spccch, which does not seem to chime in so
much with " indignant presentation" of Abolition-
ism, and which was interrupted by great bursts
of applause. All I mean to say is, without disre-
spect to that paper, that papers that publish such
proceedings, and comment upon them in thatway,
m the face of the fact that the man who presided
over that meeting declared that he would—
" Do whatever was in his power to remove slavery from
the whole land, whenever and as soon as m the goodness
and mercy of God it could be done with wisdom and
safety."
I say they do great injustice to the South, and
to the country generally, by misleading the public
mind.
What followed that speech' It was followed
by resolutions, carefully prepared and drawn;
and what are they? Not a set of glittering, but
of gloomy generalities. I say "gloomy gener-
alities," for the reason that they are drawn in
general terms; and there is not a solitary one of
them which goes to the pointof attacking the anti-
slavery sentiment and excitement of the North,
out of which all the evils of Abolitionism grow-
not one. There is a clause in the resolution next
to the last, which condemns the sentiment of those
who have encouraged, by anything they have
heretofore done or said, what occurred at Harper's
Ferry. But that clause was not meant to apply
at all to the original anti-slavery excitement, out
of which all these evils grow. If it was, it would
have condemned the president of that meeting in
the speech which he made. It was only meant
to apply to cases in which attacks have been made
upon us, such as at Harper's Perry, and other
like ones. We ask no sympathy from them upon
that point. The South asks no sympathy from
the North for an outbreak of that character, which
grew out of the sentiments which the Republicans
preach. Virginia lias shown that she required
no sympathy and no help. What Virginia wants,
and "what the South wants, is, that this agitation
shall cease; that this anti-slavery sentiment shall
be resisted, as the source and cause out of which
all these mischiefs and evils grow.
What followed in that meeting? Why, sir, a
patriotic speech from a great and good man—
Edward Everett—a man admitted, I believe, to be
a great and good man, by all; but, sir, who had
never sound sentiments upon this slavery ques-
tion. He makes a general patriotic speech, in
terms such, of course, as all would approve. But
there is nothing in it which assails these anti-
slavery movements at the right quarter.
What follows next? Why, sir, a speech from
General Cushing, whom I had thought the sound-
est of all our friends at the North; on whom 1
thoughtl could fely as a man willing to breast the
storm of fanaticism, and to arrest anti-slavery m
