THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
it i^auld have been totally abandoned. They have
heW this stock merely for the preservation of th?
work,ai!(] are. going on, as well as they c$n do, in
the almost impotent condition in which they are
placed, to make the necessary and proper enlarge-
ments and improvements. That is the state of
the cape. - -
This resolution propose?! now that you, as the
legal holder of the property, ^nd the beneficial
owner' of the property, too, will, ajlow .the tqlls
gathered still on the canal to be applied to the im-
jn-ovi-men'■—that is all; and to emancipate this river
forever from the burden of future taxation when
the work is accomplished. Gentlemen propose
to cede it to Kentucky as the best disposition that
can be made, pf it. I should like to see that dis-
position made; but it ought not to be made at
present, because the Legislature of Kentucky will
not be assembled for two years, and can take no
charge and management over the eanal, and the
works now in progress for its improvement and
completion until that time; and, of course, those
works must be suspended if that be now done. I
sRould hope that, at the expiration of two years,
or when the Legislature can take an active and
effectual charge over the property by legislation,
this Government will transfer it to the State of
Kentucky, It has been already reimbursed; and
I knowof no investments ever made that has been
so profitable.
If you choose to avail yourself of it as an indi-
vidual, what have you got ? You have got over
twenty thousand dollars more than you put in as
stock, in money paid into your Treasury. You
have gained twenty-four or twenty-five thou-
sand dollars, and you own the canal, which cost
(1,000,000. You have made $1,000,000, counting
as an individual would count, out of this invest-
ment. But you would not seize upon that prop-
erty, and use it for the purpose of perpetuating
this tax upon the Ohio river. That would not
be according to the policy or temper of this Gov-
ernment.
I hope that those gentlemen who propose to
cede it to the State of Kentucky will defer that
proposition until the State of Kentucky can act
upon the grant. 1 see no objection, in point of
constitutionality, to this measure. If, as the gen-
tleman from Georgiasupposcs,the original invest-
ment was unconstitutional, can it be unconstitu-
tional in the most prudent manner to get rid of
that investment? That is what this resolution pro-
poses. Those who think it unconstitutional ought
to be in the most haste, I think, to got the Gov-
ernmentoutof that condition, and to do this pru-
dently, without sacrifice or without Joss, cither to
its own particular interest or to the general public
interest. Sir, I have no metre to say.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I am one of those
referred to by my friend from Kentucky who
consider the original act without warrant of the
Constitution. I think the United States had no
right to be a stockholder in an internal improve-
ment to be made within the limits of a State; had
no right to be the beneficiary of tolls levied within
the limits of a State. That is my conviction. I
supposed my friend knew that. Therefore I have
been in favor of, and some fifteen years ago, in
the other H.ouse, made a proposition, that the
United States should abandon its stock to the
State of Kentucky, thus reducing the capital stock,
with the condition that the tolls should be reduced
pro rata. I have been willing since, when the ac-
cruing dividends, to which the Senator has re-
ferred, were invested in stock, so as to make the
United States really the owner of the canal, to
transfer it to Kentucky wholly on the simple con-
dition that no higher tolls or charges should be
imposed upon vessels using the canal than were
necessary for its enlargement and to-kcep it in re-
pair. I think we are invading the soil and juris-
diction of Kentucky by holding that work as the
property of the United States. I have no fear
that Kentucky would not administer it, not only
in accordance with her own interests, but with
those who have joint rights in navigating that
most important tributary of the greatest river of
our country. I prefer that she' should be the
owner of the canal entirely, that she should make
such enlargement and improvement as she may
think proper; and we all know that enlargement
is needed; that the increased size of the boats nav-
igating that river requires that the canal should
not only be deepened, but that it should be length-
ened. The groaning commerce and the improve-
ment of vessels has led to a class of boats not
suited to the locks as made when the canal was
constructed.
I concur, therefore, in all that is said of the
importance of the work an4 the necessity for its
en'argement. My objection is, that the United
States should be connected with it at all. It is
within the limits of the State of Kentucky, under
her jurisdiction, and should belong to her. If,
however, the Congress do not choose thus to
transfer the canal to the State of Kentucky, I con-
sider the joint resolution, as amended and offered
by my friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Powell,] far
better than the present condition. It is better
that the accruing dividends should be expended
for the enlargement of the canal, so as to adapt
it to the commerce of that great tributary, than
that they should be accumulating for no use. I
think it is better than the present condition, though
it does not get rid of the constitutional difficulty
entirely; and I would very much prefer to have
the canal transferred to the State of Kentucky, so
far as the interest of the United States is concerned,
without any other consideration than the obliga-
tion that tolls should not be raised beyond the
amount necessary for its enlargement and repair.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I should desire to see
that done.
Mr. DAVIS. I know how difficult it is for one
hastily coming to the consideration of a subject
to decide on all the reasons which may have gov-
erned the action of the' committee by whom a
measure has been matured. I will not venture,
for that and other considerations, to offer an
amendment. The committee may have had views
which do not occur to me. Though I have often
reflected on this subject, and at various times dur-
ing my congressional service I have had to con-
sider it, there may be considerations with which
I am notfaniiliar. I will abstain, therefore,from
interfering with the resolution, merely stating the
preferences I have for a different course, and my
objections to this.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. The Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Pugii,] who is detained by indisposition,
would vote for the resolution, if here. I have
paired off with him, and therefore cannot vote.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Benjamin, Bigler, Bright,
Cameron, Cliamlicr, Clark, CoIIamer, Crittenden, Dixon,
Durkee, Fitch, Foot, Foster,Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Hemp-
hill, Johnson of Arkansas, Kennedy, Lane, Pcaree, Powci],
Sumner, Ten Eyck, Wade, Wigfali, Wilkinson, and Wil-
son—30.
NAVS—Messrs. Brajg, Brown, Chesnut, Clay, Cling-
man, Davis, Green, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Tennes-
see, Latham, Mason, Iticc, and Toombs—16.
So the joint resolution was passed.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. "WADE. I move now to talcs up the
homestead bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The Chair will state to the Senator that, under
the rules of the Senate, it is the imperative duty
of the Chair to call up that bill as the special or-
der, and it is now pending before the Senate.
Mr. MASON. I move to postpone the con-
sideration of the bill, with a view to proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
Mr. WADE. I wish to get it up, so that it may
stand as the unfinished business for to-morrow.
Mr. MASON. It is up, I understand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that there is no motion required for taking
it up; it is up.
Mr. WADE. To-morrow is private bill day.
I move to make the homestead bill the special
order for Monday.
Mr. MASON. It is not improbable—indeed, I
think, more than probable—that the executive
session will not last beyond an hour, and the Sen-
ator then can have his bill before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is not debatable.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish to in-
quire of the Chair, if the simple motion to go into
executive session will change the position of busi-
ness as it is ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not at all.
Mr. MASON. I would say to the Senate, that
there is a matter in executive session which must
be transacted to-day, or the public interests will
materially suffer
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The motion of Mr. Mason was agreed to; and
the Senate proceeded to the consideration of ex-
ecutive business. After some time spent therein,
the doors were reopened, and the Senate ad-
journed.   
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thorsoay, March 15, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to discharge the Committee of
the Whole House upon the Private Calendar from
the further consideration of the adverse report of
the Court of Claims on the petition of George W.
Munday, administrator of E. W. Ripley, de-
ceased ; and that the same be referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
VIRGINIA LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. MILLSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following joint resolution; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands:
A joint resolution declaring the construction of
the act entitled "An act making further provis-
ions for the satisfaction of Virginia land war-
rants," approved 31st August, 1852.
NAVIGATION OF PATAPSCO RIVER.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce a bill for
reference only.
■ Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I must call for
the regular order of business.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. This bill will
take but a moment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Very well.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, then, by unani-
mous consent, introduced an act for continuing
and completing the improvement of the naviga-
tion of the Patapsco river, and to render the port
of Baltimore accessible to the war steamers of the
United States; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
CLERGYMEN OF THE CITY.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask leave to introduce
some resolutions, to which, I am sure, there will
be no objection.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I call for the
regular order of business.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman will not
object to the resolutions when he hears them.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I will not ob-
ject to this; but I will object to anything further
out of order.
Mr. MAYNARD. Let the resolutions be read,
that their character may be known.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
Resolved, That the thanks of the House be hereby ten-
dered to those clergymen of the District of Columbia who
have attended the daily sessions, and opened the same with
prayer.
Resolved, That the Clerk pay, out of the contingent fund
of the House, to said clergymen the amount of the annual
salary of a Chaplain of the House pro rata according to the
time they have performed the duties of that office.
Mr. RUFFIN. I object, and I would like to
have an opportunity to state my objections.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Mr. Speaker, I
will 
Mr. SCOTT. I would ask the gentleman from
Maine 
Mr. RUFFIN. I thought I had the floor to
state my objections.
The SPEAKER. The resolutions have not
been received.
Mr. RUFFIN. Well, I object to their recep-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I will state to
the House, and to gentlemen, that if they will
give way,and go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union upon the special order,
which is the consideration of the amendments of
our rules, and amend those rules in the way the
committee on the revision of the rules recom-
mend, they will all have an opportunity to pre-
sent their reports next Monday.
SAMUEL J. HENSLEY.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask leave of the House to
