1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
withdraw from the files of the House the papers
in the case of Samuel J. Hensley, for the pur-
pose of reference to the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs.
Leave was granted.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union upon the special order.
CONSULAR APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would state that, until
the consular appropriation, upon which the main
question was ordered yesterday, is disposed of,
that motion is not in order. I move to take up the
consular and diplomatic appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman ig correct.
The bill will be taken up. The first question is
upon agreeing to the amendments reported from
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to any
of the amendments except the last one, which was
offered by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Maynard.] I think it is totally inoperative, and
if it is insisted on, let it be putin its proper place
in the bill, and not at the end of it.
The first amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
was read, as follows:
Page 3, after line twenty-four, insert:
For compensation of inteiprcter to mission to Japan,
$2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The second amendment was read, as follows:
Page 2, after the word " countries," in line thirty-six,
strike out the words " one hundred and fifty" and insert
in lieu thereof "two hundred;" so that the clause shall
read:
For the relief and protection of American seamen in for-
eign countries, §900,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The third amendment was to add at the end of
the bill the following:
Provided, That the sum of $150,000. appropriated for run-
ning and marking the lines between the United States and
British possessions bounding Washington Territory, shall
be so expended as to put an end to the werk.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
subsequently read the third time and passed.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was ogroed to.
CLERGYMEN Or THE CITY.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have, upon conference
with several gentlemen, agreed to withdraw one
of the resolutions I before offered, and to which
objection was made, and to offer the other. I ask
that it be read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the thanks of the House be hereby ten-
derud to those clergymen of the District of Columbia who
have attended the daily sessions and opened the same with
prayer.
Mr. RUFFIN. I have no objection to that.
The reason why I objected to the other resolution
was that when these clergymen of the District of
Columbia proposed to officiate here as clergymen,
in opening the House with prayer, they were
allowed the benefitsof the Congressional Library,
and they expressly said, or their representatives
upon this floor said, they would not receive any
compensation for their services. They wanted the
House distinctly to understand that fact. That
was the reasSn, in part, I have no doubt, which
induced the House to adopt that system. I think
it was a good system; and I think they were
amply repaid by giving them the benefits of the
Congressional Library. There are> I think, about
forty of them, and upon an average, they would
not have to open the House with prayer more
than two or three times a session, ana they would
not have to officiate here on the Sabbath more
than once in two years during the sessions of Con-
gress. For that reason, I objected to the resolu-
tion proposing to pay these gentlemen. I have
no objection to the resolution of thanks.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire simply to say,
that if the resolution were before the House, I
could respond very readily, as I conceive,to the
gentleman from North Carolina; but as it is not,
I will not take time to reply to his remarks.
The resolution was then agreed to.
MICHIGAN CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Main?. I rise to a
privileged question. 1 move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
to consider the special order—the proposed amend-
ment of the rules.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have a report to make
from, the Committee of Elections, which takes
precedence of the gentleman's motion.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
the motion of the gentleman from Maine, as it
relates to the special order, takes precedence.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, will the gentleman
from Maine give way for a moment?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I will yield to
the gentleman for a moment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am instructed by the
Committee of Elections to report the following
resolution:
Resolved, That it is inexpedient to allow further time to
take testimony In the case of William A. Howard, contest-
ing the right of Hon. George B. Cooper to represent the
first congressional disti ict of Michigan in this House, as
asked by the sitting member.
I submit the report of the majority of the com-
mittee, with accompanying documents, and move
that they be printed, and that the resolution be
assigned for Tuesday next, at two o'clock.
_ Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. It is a ques-
tion of privilege, and may be called up at any
time.
Mr. Campbell's motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARTRELL. I suppose the minority
report will also be received and printed.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Certainly.
Leave was granted to the minority of the com-
mittee to present their views, and an order was
made to print the same.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am also instructed by the
Committee of Elections to report the following
resolution:
Resolved, That William A. Howard have leave to occupy
a seat upon the floor ot' this House, pending the discussion
of the report of the Committee of Elections in the case of
his contest for the seatnow occupied by George B. Cooper,
from the first congressional district of Michigan, and that
he have leave to speak to the merits of said contest and to
the report thereon.
The resolution was agreed to.
' Mr. CAMPBELL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved to lay th^ motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NEW YORK CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move now
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. DAWES. Before the gentleman submits
that motion, I wish to move that the special as-
signment for one o'clock to-day—the contested
case of Williamson vs. Sickles—be postponed till
one o'clock to-morrow.
* Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. ^ I suggest to
the gentleman that, as that is a privileged ques-
tion, he can call it up at any time. An assign-
ment of an election case is wholly unnecessary.
He can simply give notice to the House when he
will call it up.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman has thepowcr
to call up the report at any time.
Mr. DAWES. I am aware of the rule; but I
think the special assignment had better be post-
poned till to-morrow, at one o'clock.
Mr. BURNETT. To-morrow is private bill
day, and I object to fixing this matter forto-mor-
row. The gentleman can call it up at any time.
Mr. DAWES. You will have Friday and
Saturday for private bills, and this will take but
an hour.
Mr. GARTRELL. I desire to appeal to my
colleague on the Committee of Elections, if he
insists on assigningthisreportto a particular day,
that he shall assign it to some day next week—say
Tuesday of next week. The report has only just
been printed and sent in, and it would be almost
impossible to prepare an argument or investigate
the case as its merits require earlier tfran thatdoy.
I hope the gentleman will consent to postpone it
till Tuesday next.
Mr. DAWES. There is already one special
assignment from the Committee of Elections (ot<
Tuesday. Saturday is private bill day, as well as
Friday; and Monday is resolution day, andyou
cannot interfere with that. I think that, by to^
morrow, everybody can consider the report, it
is but a short report. These parties oughtto have
this matter decided. It is a preliminary question,
and not one involving the merits of the case; and
I hope, therefore, that there will be no objection
to considering it to-morrow, at one o'clock.
Mr. FLORENCE. I must object. To-mor-
row will be the first objection day we shall have
had this session.
Mr. GARTRELL. I object.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Then 1 insist
on my motion.
Mr. DAWES. I have the floor, and I make the
motion to postpone.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the floor
only by the permission of the gentleman .from
Maine.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman has made his
motion, and mine takes precedence of his.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I think thegen-i
tleman's motion does not take precedence of mine;
I think there can be no higher question of privi-
lege than the one which I make; and 1 insist upon
my motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
has the floor if he insists upon it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Yes, I insist
on my motion, as the gentleman from Massachu-
setts would gain nothing by his motion. He can
call up the report at any time.
Mr. DAWES. Then I give notice that I shall
call up this question at the time of the special as*
signrnent for to-day for the purpose of submitting
the motion to postpone.
AMENDMENT pF THE BUM5S.
The question was taken on Mr. Washbbrk's
motion; and it was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole onthe state of the Union, (Mr. Stanton
in the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration
of the special order.—being the report of the select
committee appointed for the revision of the rules.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. 1 desire to say,
in the first place, to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] that I had no desire, in
pressing my motion, to prevent him from having
the earliest action on 'the question which he has
presented; but I conceived that a good deal of the
time of the House might be expended in the dis-
cussion of the motion to postpone;'and I am anx-
ious that, if possible, we shall get through with
this subject of the rules to-day; that such amend-
ments as we may deem wise may be agreed upon,
and that we may act hereafter under the amended
rules. For I am satisfied that, if we carry into
execution the amendments proposed, we shall
save at least one day in every week—that is, we
shall do more business in five months than we
can do, under the rules as at present, if! six
months.
Mr. DAWES. I have no desire to interfere
with the arrangement which the gentleman from
Maine has in his mind about these rules. I only
want some early day specified for the considera-
tion of the report of the Committee of Elections,
in reference to the New York contested-election
case.
Mr. BRANCH. This discussion about an
election case is not in order in committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not see
how a question of that sort is in order in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
There is no question before the committee about
postponing an election ease.
Mr. DAWES. I am not going to make any
motion, but to suggest to the House that I shall
call up the case on Saturday.
The CHAIRMAN. Tlifc House is in com-
mittee.
Mr. DAWES. I am perfectly aware of that.
I have the floor, by the consent of the gentleman
from Maine, to make a statement to the House,
that on Saturday, at one o'clock, I will call up
