2122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
undertaken to review the opinion which they gave:
that there should be a latitude of construction, and
await the decision of the Supreme Court? No,
sir; they call on every man now to come forward,
and, after the Supreme Court has given all it could
give upon a political subject, to state what his
creed is.
The Senator tells us he will abide by the de-
cision of the Supreme Court. He did not go on;
but it was fairly to be inferred, from what he said,
that in the Dred Scott case he held that they had
only decided that a negro could not sue in a Fed-
.eral court. Was it this to which wo were invited ?
Is this the proclaimed boon of allowing; the ques-
tion to go to judicial decision: that one after an-
other each law might be tested, and that one
after another each case, under every law, might
be tried, and that centuries might roll away, and
hereafter we might hope for the period, when
every case was exhausted, that the decision would
be complete? Or was it that we were to get rid
of the controversy which had divided the party
and the country for thirty years; that we were to
come to a conclusion beyond which we could see
the region of peace, and that that conclusion was
to be obtained by getting a decision on a consti-
tutional question which had been discussed and
not decided? If, then, the Supreme Court have
decided that Congress cannot prohibit the intro-
duction of slave property into a Territory, and
that no one deriving authority from Congress can
do so, and the Senator from Illinois holds that the
inhabitants derive their power from the organic
act of Congress, what restrains his acknowledg-
ment of our right to go into the Territories, and
his recognition of the case being closed by the
opinion of the court ? I can understand bow one
who has followed to its logical consequences the
•original doctrine of squatter sovereignty might
still stand out and say this inherent right cannot
be taken away by judicial decision; but a man
who claims to derive it from a law of Congress,
and who finds the opinion of the court reaching
to Congress, and to all persons deriving their
authority from it, is estopped from any further
argument.
1 will not undertake to review much which the
Senator has said about the condition of affairs. 1
will not undertake to answer to his witticism
upon the honorable Senator, the chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary, [Mr. Bayard,] who
is now absent, or upon the size of the State which
he represents. It was mentioned once as an evi-
dence of the stupidity of a German, that he ques-
tioned the greatness of Napoleon because he was
born in Corsica. I know not what views the Sen-
ator entertained when he measured the capacity
of the Senator from Delaware by the size of the
State winch he represents, or the dignity of his
action at Charleston by the number of his con-
stituents. If there bo anything which stands more
prominently out than another m the Union, it is
the equality of the States. Our stars have no un-
equal size; they shine with no unequal brilliancy.
That Senator from Delaware holds a position en-
titled to the same respect, as such, as the Senator
from any other State in the Union. More than
that: the character, the conduct, the information,
the capacity of that Senator might claim respect,
if he was not entitled to it from his position.
Twice the Senator on this occasion, and more
than the same number of times heretofore, has
referred to the great benefit derived from that
provision which grants a trial in the local court,
an appeal to the supreme court of the Territory,
and an appeal from thence to the Supreme Court
of the United States on every question involving
title to slaves. I wish to say that whatever merit
attaches to that belongs to a Senator to whom the
advocates of slavery have not often been in the
habit of acknowledging' their obligations—the
Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Haj.e.] He
introduced it in 1850. It was on the New Mex-
ican bill. We received it because it seemed to be
a fair proposition, and was equally met upon one
side and the other—the noes not being counted.
That proposition was afterwards revived; and I
must acknowledge my obligations t<^ be due to
the Senator from New Hampshire, before I can
measure them to the Senator from Illinois.
The Senator asks, however, whether the reso-
lutions of the Senate can have the force of law.
Of course not. The Senate, however, is an inde-
pendent body of the Government. Before the meet-
ing of the Charleston convention it was falsely
stated that these resolutions were concocted to
affect the members of the Charleston convention.
Now we arc asked if they are to affect the Balti-
more convention. They were not designed for
the one; they cannot have any such effect as to
the other. They were introduced as the expres-
sion of the opinion of the Senate. Such things
are frequent in the Senate's history. It was be-
lieved that they would have a beneficial effect,
and that they were stated in terms which would
show the public the error of supposing that there
was a purpose on the part of the Democracy, or
of the South, to enact what was called a slave code
for all the Territories of the United States. It
was believed that the assertion of sound princi-
ples at this time would direct public opinion, and
might be fruitful of such results as we all desire
and the public need. Whether it is to have its
effect or not; whether it is at last to be shown to
be a sectional thing, depends upon the conduct
ofthose who have it in their power to act. If the
Democratic party has anything more proud in its
history than another, it is its nationality; it is its
co-extension with the Union. If the Democrats
of the northern States are willing to vote for these
resolutions, it is but an affirmance of that which
we have so often pronounced with pride, that
there was an opinion which pervaded the whole
country; there was a party capable to save the
Union, because it belonged to all the States. I
know of but two Democratic Senators who intend
to vote against these resolutions, though I have
hoped they might yet change their opinions. If
they should not, they will stand m that isolation
which the Senator points to as so dreadful a con-
sequence to the southern men at Charleston.
Mr. MASON. I suggest to the Senator that it
is late, and his health is not good. By his per-
mission,! take the floor to move an adjournment.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator allow me to
have a short executive session?
Mr. MASON. Certainly.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. GREEN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 16, 1860.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. T. II. Stockton.
The .Tournal of yesterday was read and approved.
NEW YORK POST OFFICE DEFALCATION.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 1 ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to introduce a reso-
lution, which I send up to be read, in order that
its character may be known.
The resolution was read, as follows:
RaolreJ, That the Postmaster General be, and he if?
hereby, required to communicate to this House, at as early
a period as possible, nil the facts and circumstances per-
taining to the defalcation of Isaac V. Fowler, postmaster,
or late postmaster, as the case may be, of the city of New
York, Mating particulaily the tiim: such defalcation com-
tnenci d. it^ progress from time to time, when it was first
known lo the General Po.st Office Department, the ag<*ie~
fjat*' amount thereof, and, if any, what legal proceeding or
prose* utjon has boon instituted against f-aid lAnvlcr by the
Government on account of .such defalcation, and to what
amount the Government is secured by bond orotherwise.
Mr. NIRLACK. X would like to know the
necessity for this resolution.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I hope the gentle-
man from Indiana will not object.
Mr. NIBLACK. I do not object.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered, and agreed to.
president's protest, etc.
Mr. HICKMAN. This is the day to which
was postponed the consideration of the resolution
reported by the Judiciary Committee on the Pres-
ident's protest. Iask that that resolution be taken
up now for consideration.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The House
will recollect that yesterday the special order on
the steamboat bill was postponed till this morn-
ing. That special order takes precedence of the
special order to which the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania refers.
Mr. H ECKMAN. I do not assent to the opin-
ion expressed by the gentleman from Illinois.
The special order was not postponed as a special
order until to-day. It loses its character as a spe-
cial order when tt is postponed; and I therefore
conceive that the resolution to which I have re-
ferred comes up properly this morning. In order
to have the matter to which the gentleman refers,
made the special order for the day, it skould have
been so assigned at the time. But that was not
done. This matter of the protest of the President
has been continued from time to time for the last
four weeks, or nearly so. If the House intend
to consider the matter at all, it is time that it should
be considered. I trust that no further postpone-
ment will be insisted upon, but that the House
will proceed to the further discussion of the mat-
ter, if they desire to enter into the discussion of it,
and have it at once disposed of. There is just as
much necessity why this matter should be dis-
posed of as there is for the disposal of the matter
to which the gentleman from Illinois refers.
PORTLAND AND LOUISVILLE CANAL.
Mr. PENDLETON. I appeal to the gentleman
from Illinois to ytold to me for one moment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is the
gentleman's object?
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire to present some
resolutions of the Legislature of Ohio. ' :
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is no
objection to that.
Mr. PENDLETON. Mr. Speaker, I desire
to present to the House a joint resolution passed
by the Legislature of Ohio, in relation to the en-
largement and improvement of the Louisville and
Portland canal. I send it to the Clerk's table,
that it may be read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved hy the General •Assembly of the State of Ohio,
First. That the commercial interests of the Ohio valley
imperatively demand an enlargement and improvement of
the Louisville and Portland can.il; and that the money
already invested in said canal by the United States Gov-
ernment is of little public benefit until the work can be en-
larged and extended. Second. That the Senator? and Rep-
resentatives from Ohio in the Congress of the United States
are earnestly requested to procure an appropriation by said
Congress, adequate to the exigency of the case, and to
adept such measures as will insure a speedy enlargoment
and completion of said canal. Third. That the Governor
of Ohio is hereby requested to forward a copy of these res-
olutions tft the Senators and Representatives from this
State in the Congiess of the United States.
RICflARD C. PARSONS,
Speaker of the House of Rejrresentatiaes.
ROBERT O. KIRK,
President of the Senate.
Passed March 10,1660.
Mr. PENDLETON. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
lay before the House, very briefly, the motives
of this action by the Legislature of Ohio. I de-
sire that gentlemen should understand exactly
what is sought to be accomplished, and what aici
is asked from the General Government. The
Louisville and Portland canal is too small. It will
not accommodate the ever-increasing commerce of
the western rivers. It remains as it was thirty
years ago. The commerce has increased many
hundredfold. It must be enlarged. Its own rev-
enues, derived from tolls, will pay the expense of
the enlargement. The parties interested in navi-
gation are willing to pay tolls high enough for this
purpose. They only ask authority to expend
them upon the work. The bill, whicii has passed
the Senate, and which will be reported favorably
by the committee of this House, abating some-
what from the demands of the Ohio Legislature,
provides only that the Federal Government shall
give its assent to the expenditure by the board of
directors of the surplus revenues of the canal in
its enlargement and improvement. It makes no
appropriation. It expressly guards the Govern-
ment against all future liability.
The canal was built by a joint stock company,
organized under a charter granted by the State of
Kentucky. At the commencement of the work,
the Government of the United States subscribed
for one thousand shares of stock at the par value
of §100 per share. At a later period, the Govern-
ment subscribed for thirteen hundred and thirty-
five shares, which had been forfeited by reason of
the non-payment of the installments by individual
subscribers. And, at a still later period, the Gov-
ernment became the owner of five hundred and
sixty-seven shares, which were issued in liqui-
dation of the interest accruing upon installments
during the period which elapsed between their
payment and the payment of dividends. The
Government thus acquired twenty-nine hundred
