158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
have raised their man to that honorable position,
they will place him upon the only platform that
any President of this nation should ever stand,
and that is, the national Constitution.
Mr. WINSLOW. I trust now, after a long
debate, the House will indulge me in making a
motion that the House proceed to a ballot for
Speaker.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no objection to the
motion of my-friend from North Carolina; but
prefer it. But, for the purpose of ascertaining
how many members are absent, I move that there
be a call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll of the House was called; and the fol-
lowing members failed to respond to their names:
Messrs. Adams of Kentucky, Clark B. Coch-
rane, Oampbell, French, Landrum, Rust, and
Stallworth.
During the call,
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, stated that
he had been requested by his colleague, Mr.
Campbell, to state that he had paired off with
Mr. Landrum for the day.
Mr. COLFAX stated that Mr. Clark B. Coch-
rane had paired off with Mr. Kunkel, of Mary-
land, for this week.
Mr. HOWARD stated that Mr. French was
sick, and that he [Mr. Howard] had paired off
with him for the day.
The. result of the call of the House was then
announced, as above.
Mr. IIINDMAN. I would state that it is my
impression that my colleague, Mr. Rust, is paired
off with the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr.
Wood. My knowledge of the fact is notpositive.
A Voice. Mr. Wood is here.
Mr. WOOD. My pair with Air. Rust expired
this morning.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to speak
upon some of the subjects which have been in-
troduced into this discussion; but if there is as
full a House as can be had, and no absentees,
without being paired, ex<$:pt those outside of the
city, I will yield until a ballot shall have boon
had; and if a Speaker shall be elected on the bal-
lot, I will, upon some other occasion, say what I
desire to say upon (he subject.
The CLERK. The Clerk will say, that the
gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. RustJ is the only
gentleman absent who has been here heretofcre,
who is not paired oil".
Mi. VALLANDIGXIAM. Idonotsuriender
the floor except for a ballot.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then, with a view to secure
a ballot, I suppose the gentlemen on the other
side of the House would agree to change the pair:
for instance, with Mr. Kunkel. Let Mr. Kun-
icel cast j\jr. Rust's vote till Mr. Rust comes,
and let Mr. Kust stand paired with Mr. Clark
V). CocriH.wr..
Severn! Republican Members. That is right.
Mi. STANTON. Wiy well; let Mr. Rust
and Mr. Cj.ajiic Ih Cocnu.vvi: stand paired, and
let Mr. Krxicer, \ote.
The CLERK stated the question to be on Mr.
Winslow's motion to proceed to a ballot for
Speaker.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. T rise to a question
of order. 1 want a vote on my resolution before
there is another ballot. Tins House has twice
resolved by a vote that my resolution was in or-
dei. The Hous" ou^ht, in my judgment, to dis-
pose of that resolution before we take any fiuthei
bnllot. i do not desue fo delay the organization
of the House unnecessarily, but if it was the pur-
pose of the House nie to vole on that resolution,
its will would have been intimated before there
had been so much d'bate. If the next ballot is
not to result in electing a Speaker, there is no use
in losing so much time, and if it is to result in the
election of a Speaker, my resolution will los" Us
purposi. Gentlemen .should vote for the resolu-
tion, yea or nay, before another ballot be taken.
Under the parhamcntaiy law, I have a right to
demand that vote. 1 will not yield that right with
my consent.
The CLERK. The gentleman from North
Carolina moves that the House proceed to the
election of Speaker, The gentleman from Missouri
raises the question of order, that the motion is not
m order, pending the resolution which he offered
the other day. The Clerk having no authority
to settle the question of orderimder parliamentary
law, will submit it to the House. The question
is, will the House now entertain the motion to
proceed to ballot for Speaker?
Mr. LEAKE. The question is, not that we
now proceed to ballot for Speaker, but that the
motion is out of order. That is the point. X in-
sist on a vote on the resolution offered by my
friend from Missouri, before we do anything else.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not desire to make any
argument on the point of order; but I appeal to
the gentleman from Missouri to let us take a bal-
lot or two, or three, or half a dozen, for Speaker.
It seems to me that we ought to take some ballots
each day. I believe we have been now three days
without a ballot.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I want a vote on
my resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am ready to vote for your
resolution at any moment. But it will be appa-
rent to gentlemen, that if these resolutions are to
be pressed to a vote now, it will bring up a de-
bate. I do not desire to place myself m the way
of the gentleman from Missouri. It would be in
order, 1 suppose, to move to postpone his resolu-
tion, but I do not wish to do that. I am ready
to vote on his resolution, or I am ready to vote
for Speaker. I hope, therefore, that we will vote
in some way or other; but I prefer, if the gentle-
man will consent to do so, that he would with-
draw his objection, and let us take a ballot.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I have great re-
spect for the gentleman from Alabama, and I feel
the necessity of organizing the House as much as
any member on this floor. It will take buta little
while to dispose of ray resolution. I prosume
that debate is exhausted on it. If gentlemen will
now vote on my resolution, they can then pro-
ceed at oncc to vote for Speaker. The gentleman
from Alabama speaks of taking three or four bal-
lots. 1 do not understand what is the use of taking
more ballots unless we can elect.
Mr. HOUSTON. I make one other suggestion
to the gentleman from Missouri. I understaud
him to be opposed to the adoption of the plural-
ity rule. Now, suppose he should press a vote
at this time on his resolution and the amendment;
and suppose these resolutions are taken from be-
fore the House, either by adoption or rejection,
what is to prevent the reception of a resolution
proposing an election of Speaker by a plurality
vote? Now7, while I do not want to evade the
responsibility of a vote on the gentleman's reso-
lution, "(1 desire an opportunity of voting for it,)
1 prefer, at the same time, that we should now
vote for Speaker. I suggest to the gentleman, as
a matter of policy—he being opposed, as 1 am, to
the adoption of the plurality rule, and the flection
of Speaker now, or at any time, by less than the
necessary majority under the usual modi' of elect-
ing Speaker—that it would not be politic now to
clear the way for the reception of a resolution of
that sort.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I do not wish to
be placcd in a false position before the country
and the House. I am acting here with the Dem-
ocratic party in my efforts to organize the House;
and I am acting in the manner which I deem best
for the country and the Constitution. But. if it
be the will of those with whom I act, that I shall
interpose no objection to taking another vote, I
withdraw my point of order.'
The question was put on Mr. Wikslow's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
FOURTH BALLOT FOR SPEAKER.
Messrs. Houston, Adr-ain, Rriggs, and Cor-
win, hnvmg taken their seats as tellers, the
House proceeded to the fourth ballot for Speaker,
with the folluwingresult: Whole number of votes,
207; necessary to a choice, 114, of which—
Mr. Sherman iccoived 108
Mr Horock.  Kj
Mi ( flit)oi  ^
Mi. Hoid*e V. Clatk  2
M) Adiain  ]
Mi. Maelay  1
Mr. lie} uoJ<]>  1
Mi I)itjm    J
Mr Bolder    1
Mi. Hickman  1
Mr. I id*, km    1
Mr John O Divi->   ]
Mr. MeUuecu  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Sherman—Mes>rs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrich,
Alley, Ar-hJcy, Uabbitt, nertle.Bmgham, Blair,VAsfe, Bray-
ton, Buffinton, Burlingame, Burnbam, Buriouglis, But-
tertield, Carey, Caiter, Ca e, Colfax, Conkltng, Oonvin,
Covode, Curtis, Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Gdgeiton,
Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Farmvvorth, Fentpn', Feiry, Foster,
Frank, Gooch, Giahani, Giow. Guiley, Hale, Hall, Ilel-
mick, Hoard, Humphrey, Hutchms, Irvine, Jpnkms, Fian-
cis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, Kill-
mger, DeWitt O. Loach, Lee, Longnecker, Loomis, Love-
joy, Marston, McKoan, McKnight, McPherson, Millward,
Moorhead, Morrill, Edwaid Joy Moms, Morse, Nixon, Olin,
Palmer, Pennington, X,erry, Pettit, Poiter, Potter, Pottle,
Itice, Christopher Robinson, Royce, Seranton, Sedgwick,
Somes, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, ^Vilham
Stewait, Stratton, Tappan, Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins,
Tram, Trimble, Vandever, Van Wyek, Veirce, Wade,
Waldron, Walton, Cadwal.ider C. Wa&hbuin, Elhhu B.
Wasftburne, Isiael Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Windom,
Woo^j and Woodiuff.
. For Mr. Bocock—Messrs. Allen, Thomas L. Anderson,
Ashmore, Avery, Baiksdale, Barr, Banett, Bonham, Boyce,
Branch, Burch, Burnett, John B. Clark, Clemens, Clopton,
Cobb, John Cochiane, Cooper, Cox, James Craig, Burton
Craigc, Crawford, Curry, Davidson, Reuben Davis., De Jar-
nctte, Dimmick, Edmundson, English, Florence, Fonke,
Garnett, Gartieli, Hamilton, John T. Hams, Hawkins,
Ilindman, Holman, Houston, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins,
Jones, Koitt, Lamar, Lanabee, Leake, Logan, Love, Mae-
lav, Charles!). Martin, Elbert S. Martin, McClewand, Mc-
Queen, Meliae, Miles, Millson, Montgomery, Sydenham
Mooie, Laac N. Moni>, Niblack, Noell, Pendleton, Pey-
ton, Pin Ips, Pryor, Kongan, Jmne^ C Robinson, Ratlin,
Ku&t, Scott, Sickles, Bnnms, Singleton, William Smith,
Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Stout, Taylor, Thomas,
Underwood, Vallandteham, Whitelcy, Winslow, Wood-
soil, and Wright.
For Mr. Gilmer—Mcs^iss. William C. Anderson, BoteJer,
Bouhguy, Bral^on, Biigijs, BiNtow, II. Winter Davis,
Etheiidgo, J. Monison Harris, llatton, Hill, James M.
Leach, Malloiv, M-iymud, Laban T. Mooie, Nelson,
Quailes, Schwaitz, William N. II. Smith, fcftokes, Vance,
and Webster.
For Mr Horace F. Clark—Mc^is. Adiain and Reynolds.
For Mr. Adraia—Mr. Horace F. Clark.
For Mr. MocZai/—Mr. Bocock.
For Mr- 7>Vi/not<7c—Mi. John G. Davis.
For Mr. Brix&—Mr- Gilmer.
For Mr. Boielcr—Mi. Haideman.
For Mr. JUchman—Mi. Haskin.
For Mr. Jlaskin—Mr. Hickman.
For Mr. John G. Davis—Mi. Itiggs.
For Mr. McQuccn—Mr. Pugh.
Mr. CRAWFORD took the floor.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I have the floor.
I gave way for the purpose of having a ballot.
Several Republican Members. Another ballot.
Mr. MILES. Permit me to make a sugges-
tion to the House.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I want the Clerk
to decide who has the floor.
The CLERK. After the announcement of the
vote, the Clerk recognized the gentleman from
Georgia, {Mr. Crawford.] The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Vallandicuam] claims that lie had
the floor before proceeding to a ballot, and yielded
it only foi the purpose of proceeding to a ballot.
The Clerk was not aware that the gentleman from
Ohio claimed any such right.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Then we ought to be gov-
erned by the memory of the Clerk.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I distinctly an-
nounced that 1 yielded for that purpose. I would
have proceeded with my remarks, but that I un-
derstood, as it seems to have been understood all
round me, that I should be entitled to the floor,
in case there was no election of Speaker.
The CLERK. The Clerk did not hear the re-
mark of the gentleman from Ohio, but there was
so much confusion at the time, that the remark
may have been made, and the Clerk may nothave
heard it.'
Mr. CP^AWFORD. As all the members who
sttliear the gentleman from Ohio concur with him
in the opinion that he did have the floor, and
yielded it only for the purpose of allowing a baJ-
frlot to be taken, I will surrender the floor to him,
with the hope that I shell get it when the gentle-
man has concluded his speech.
Mr. STANTON. I heard my colleague ad-
dress the Clerk, ?is lie states; but the queslion m
my mind is. whether he was entitled to the floor
for the |)urpose of making a speech, at a time
when the House had voted to go into an immediate
i; ballot for Speaker.
'i The CLKRK. The Clerk is under the impres-
sion that the gentleman had a right to obtain the
: floor at that time fur the purpose of speaking.
, Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If it is the di&po-
1 sition of the House to adjourn, I wiil yield the
! floor for that purpose
I Mr. CRAWFORD. If the gentleman does not
; desire to go on now, 1 do. 1 yielded the floor to
i him under the impression that he desired to speak
to-day.
II Mr. MILES. With the permission of m'y
