1178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
this question of the New York contested-election
case.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Mr. Chair-
man, you know very well that there has been
great complaint in the House, growing out of the
obstructions to business under the rules. Un-
doubtedly the rules need amendment, and need it
to correct the practices of the House under the
rules as they exist, rather than the rules them-
selves. It has been supposed, and I have heard
it stated by many of the older members of the
House—I recollect that it was stated by Mr. Ste-
phens, of Georgia—that,in his opinion, our rules
were very near the perfection of human wisdom;
that all that was required for the speedy and in-
telligent transaction of the public business before
the House, was that the rules should be observed.
It has certainly not escaped your observation,
Mr. Chairman, that nearly all the business trans-
acted by the House is done through the good na-
ture of members, outside the rules of the House,
by unanimous consent. We are in the habit of
giving consent so often to the transaction of busi-
ness outside the rules, that very little is done under
them.
The labors of the committee having this sub-
ject in charge, have been confined principally to
those amendments which may have a tendency
to bring the House to an observance of its rules
in the transaction of business.
Now, sir, I will' state very briefly and con-
cisely the amendments we have reported; and I
will say that all these amendments have received
the unanimous consent of the committee; that
nearly all of them were contained in the report
of the committee on the subject at the last ses-
sion, and received the unanimous consent of that
committee, on which was Mr. Speaker Orr, of
the last Congress.
The first proposition is to amend rule 4, by in-
serting after the word " required," in the eighth
line, the words, " by at least one fifth of a quo-
rum of the members," and by striking out the
last throe lines; so that it will read:
Questions shall be distinctly put in this form, to wit:
11 As many as are of opinion that (as the'question may be)
say ay;" and after the affirmative voice is expressed, " As
many as are of the contrary opinion, say no." If tlie Speaker
doubt, or a division be called for, the House shall divide;
those in the affirmative of the question shall first rise from
their scats, and afterwards those in the negative. Jf the
Speaker still doubt, or a count be required by at least one
fifth of a quorum of the members, the Speaker shall naino
two members, one from each side, to tell the members in
the affirmative and negative; which being reported, he shall
rise and state the decision to the House.
This is substantially the old rule, but is brought
into smaller compass, and is stated with more per-
spicuity.
Mr. BRANCH. I ask the gentleman from
Maine whether he proposes to put these rules on
their passage at this time ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I do; and I
will state the course which I propose to pursue,
by the consent of the committee. I propose to go
through with some general explanation of the
amendments, and then ask that they shall be read
by the Clerk, and that the vote shall be taken in
the aggregate upon such amendments as no ob-
jection shall have been made to. Butif any mem-
ber shall desire a separate vote upon any particu-
lar amendment, he will indicate it asitis read,and
it shall be considered separately. We can then
take up such as a separate vote has been desired
upon, one bjr one, discuss them, and amend them
as the committee may think fit, and so dispose of
the subject. I ask the unanimous consent of the
committee that that course may be taken.
Mr. REAGAN. I think we had better take a
little time to look into these rules, and consider
them, before we adopt the course the gentleman
from Maine proposes.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I will say to
the gentleman from Texas, that many of these
amendments are merely changes in form, and to
which there can be no objection whatever. I had
supposed that, after hearing a general explanation
of the amendments proposed, and then, after hear-
ing them read by the Clerk, each member would
be able to see that to many of these amendments
there can be no objedtion; and that it would be
well enough to allow the vote to be taken upon
such amendments in the aggregate, and after-
wards take up separately the other amendments
for discussion and amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Maine that he allow this subject to
He over for a day or two. This report has just
been printed, and it is impossible to so amend
this report as to perfect it without taking a little
time to consider it. There arc rules, I have no
doubt, which ought to.be amended; but I think
there will no injury occur from postponing the
question for a day or two. If we are to make
amendments, we ought to do it understanding^;
and it will be impossible to do so here to-day. If
I could have the report before me, with an oppor-
tunity of spending an evening in looking them
over, I should be prepared to act upon them; but
I am not prepared to do so this morning. I have
left my copy of the rules at my room, and I pre-
sume many of the other members are in the same
condition. If the gentleman from Maine will
consent to have this subject postponed for three
or four days, or for any time which the gentle-
man will name, he will enable us to act upon the
subject in a more satisfactory manner.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I will say, in
reply to the gentleman from Alabama, that this
report was made some two weeks ago; that it has
been printed for about a week, and has been in
the document-room, where any member could
obtain it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understood that it had just
come in.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. No, sir; it has
beeniprinted and in the documenfr-room for a week;
and I gave notice to the House yesterday that the
subject would come up for consideration to-day.
Now, sir, without asking the House to agree to
the plan which I have proposed in rcfcrencc to the
manner of acting upon these amendments, I will
go on with the explanation which I propose to
make; and I imagine the gentleman from Alabama
will have no difficulty in understanding the pur-
port of every amendment as it is read, without
asking for any further time for consideration.
The second amendment which the committee
have recommended, is to insert in rule 6, after the
word " Hall,"in the third line, the words, "and
the unappropriated rooms in that part of the Cap-
itol assigned to the House shall be subject to his
order and disposal until the further order of the
House;" so that it will read:
The Speaker shall examine and correct the Journal before
It is read. He shall have a general direction of the Hall;
and the unappropriated rooms in that part of the Capitol
assigned to the House shall be subject to his order and dis-
posal until the further order of the House. lie shall have
a right to name any member to perform the duties of the
Chair; but such substitution sliali not extend beyond an
adjournment.
That involves no change in the rules; it simply
incorporates rule 147 into rule 6.
Tha third proposition is to strike out all of rule
14, and insert in lieu thereof:
There shall be elected at the commencement of each
Congiess, to continue in office until their successors are
appointed, a Clerk, Sergeant-at-Arms, Doorkeeper, and
Postmaster, each of whom shall take an oath for the true
and faithful discharge of the duties of his office, to the best
of his knowledge and abilities, and to keep the secrets of
the House ; andthe appointees of the Doorkeeper and Post-
master shall be subject to the approval of the Speaker; and,
in all cases of election by the House of its officers, the vote
shall be taken viva-voce.
Mr. Chairman, this rule embraces rules 72, 73,
74, and 21, all of which will be stricken out. All
the change in reality which is made, is the inser-
tion of the words " and the appointees of the
Doorkeeper and Postmaster shall be subject to th#
approval of the Speaker." That amendment was
agreed on by the committee of the last House
of Representatives preceding this one. It was
thought to be a proper one by the committee of
this session, and it was unanimously agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentle-
man from Maine allowme to suggest thatit would
be, perhaps, well enough to test the sense of the
committee in relation to the consideration of this
question at the present time. If he will give way
for that purpose, I will move that this report be
laid aside.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I must decline
to yield the floor for that purpose, for 1 am satis-
fied! that unless we take this time for the consid-
eration of this report, we shall never be able to
secure a revision of our rules. The report has
been assigned for to-day, as a special order, and
if it is waived we shall never be able to get it up
again. I hope, therefore, the House will go on
and dispose of this matter without delay.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Do I understand
the_ gentleman from Maine as proposing to take
action upon these amendments to the rules at this
time, or is he merely giving his explanation of
them ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I am giving a
general explanation of the report of the commit-
tee. After I have concluded, I propose that the
various amendments shall be taken up separately
for discussion.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
from Maine allow me to make the motion to pass
by this subject for the present?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I must decline
to yield for that purpose.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentleman,
then, allow me to move to postpone this subject
until to-morrow ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. It would not
be in order to make that motion.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If gentlemen want
to save time, I think they will do it.
Mr. GROW. I think you will save lime by
going on and finishing up this matter at this time.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The fourth
amendment proposed, is to insert after the word
" States" in the 17th rule, the words " and of the
Court of Claims;" so that it will read:
No person, except memhers of the Senate, their Secre-
tary, heads of Departments, President's Private Secretary,
the Governor for the time being of any State, and Judges
of the Supreme Court of the United States and of the Court
of Claims, shall be admitted within the Hall of tile House
of Representatives.
The members of the Court of Claims are in
some sort to be considered as a committee of this
House, and the amendment only provides that
they shall enjoy the privileges of the floor of the
House, like the judges of the Supreme Court.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Is the report of
the committee now open to amendment, and are
we passing from these amendments ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the gentleman from Maine is now upon the
floor explaining what is the action proposed by
the committee of which he is chairman; and that,
when he has concluded, the amendments will be
taken up for action, beginning with the first of
them.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Then it is pro-
posed that we shall go back and act upon them
one by one, and not that they shall all be consid-
ered and acted upon en masse ?
The CHAIRMAN. Yes, sir; when the gen-
tleman has concluded, the amendments will be
taken up separately, and they will separately be
open to amendment and discussion.
Mr. WASHBURN,of Maine. Mr. Chairman,
I will proceed. The fifth amendment provides for
striking out rule 21, that rule being already pro-
vided for by the proposed amendment to rule 14.
Mr. HOUSTON. What is rule 21 ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I will read it;
it is as follows:
"The Clerk of the House shall take an oath for the true
and faithful discharge of the duties of his office, to the best
of his knowledge and abilities. He shall be deemed to con-
tinue in office until another be appointed."
That is provided for by the proposed amend-
ment to rule 14, which provides for all of the
AlOf^flVP HmTAfQ
Mr. BRANCH. Will the gentleman from
Maine inform me by what authority this House
can, by its rules, provide for a Clerk continuing
in office in the next Congress, when the Consti-
tution says that each House shall elect its own
officers ? By what authority can we, by our rules,
provide a Clerk for the Thirty-Seventh Congress ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Mr. Chainnan,
I will answer the gentleman by saying, in the
first place, that I do not understand that the re-
port of the committee is now up for amendment;
and, in the second place, that the first Congress
under the Constitution, on March 1, 1791, pro-
vided by a rule of the House that the Clerk should
be deemed to continue in office until another be
appointed. We are therefore making no change
of the rules in that regard—none whatever.
The sixth amendment is to amend rule 22, by
adding at the end thereof, "and all business be-
fore committees of the House at the end of one
session shall be resumed at the commencement of
the next session of the same Congress as if no
adjournment had taken place;" so that it will read:
After six days from the commencement of a second or
subsequent seswion of any Congress, all bills, r«solutions,
