1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
friend from Ohio, I desire to make a suggestion
to tlje House. We are here endeavoring to or-
ganize ; I presume that that is the purpose on both
sides of the House; we wish to elect a Speaker;
until wc succeed in doing so we cannot enter upon
the discharge of any of our legitimate functions.
Now, it does seem to me that we ought to show
to the country that we are endeavoring to organ-
ize, [applause in the galleries;] that wo should
not come here day after day, and consume hours
m what, sometimes, if not always, must be
very unprofitable discussion. [Cries of" Good! "
" Good! " from the Republican benches.] Why
should we not, therefore, have an understanding
on both sides that we will, every day, de die in
diem, endeavor to organize by balloting? [Cries
of'Agreed! "from the Republican benches.] Let
it be the understanding, on all sides, that at one
o'clock on cach day we will have a ballot for
Speaker [Renewed cries of'Agreed!" ]
Mr. STANTON. I desire, with my colleague's
permission, to respond to the suggestion of the
gentleman from South Carolina.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I will yield to my
colleague for that purpose.
Mr. MILES. 1 am perfectly willing, in ac-
cordance with the suggestion of my friend from
North Carolina, [Mr. Winslow,] to modifymy
proposition. Let us agree, if that is more agree-
able to the House, that every day, just prior to the
adjournment, the last ilimg done sliall be to ballot
for Speaker; [loud cries of "No!"] but, at all
events, let us, day by day, show that we are en-
deavoring to do that which it is our first duty to
do. That seems to be a common-sense proposi-
tion. [Cries of "Good!" from the Republican
benches ]
Mr. STANTON. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, and to the other side
of the House, that upon this side of the House
we are prepared, and have been for three days,
to vote upon the election of Speaker, or upon
whatever propositions may be before the House,
or upon the Clerk's table, and to consume not
one moment in debate. [Applause m the galle-
ries.] We are now doing nothing, and sliall
continue to do nothing, that will retard the organ-
ization of the House. We are ready to vote at
all times, upon whatever question may be submit-
ted to the House. [Loud cries from the Repub-
lican benches of "Vote now!"]
Mr. MILES. I throw out the suggestion to
the House that we should every day take at least
one ballot for Speaker; as to whethei it shall be
the first thing wc do each day, or whether it shall
be the last thing prior to the adjournment, I am
quite indifferent. I would be willing to say that
tlie first thing we do shall be to ballot, and that
the last thing we do prior to the adjournmentshall
be to ballot. I am willing to modify my propo-
sition'in any way that will make it more accept-
able to the House.
Mr. STANTON. I desire only to say a word
in addition to what I have already said. I desire
the House and the country to understand distinctly
that wc are here without a presiding officer; that
therc.is no power in the majority to prevent de-
bate; that no question of order can be raised that
is not debatable; that no motion can be made that
is not debatable, and that there is not the remot-
est possibility of any majority enforcing a vote
upon a respectable minority.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. It seems to me that
the real difficulty in this case is, that neither side
here has a sufficientnumbcr to elect its candidate,
[laughter,] and whenever, therefore, any gentle-
man, 011 any side, will arise and aver that his
party is ready to organize the House, I, for one,
an willing at once to go into a ballot. The result
of this last ballot discloses that it was in vain, and
if we had another ballot now, immediately, it
would be equally 111 vain; therefore, that next bal-
lot, if had, would be as vain as the ballot last had,
[laughter;] and it is idle for gentlemen to say that
we are consuming time uselessly here, when 110
party 011 this floor is able and leady to organize
this House.
Mr. STANTON Wc arc ready to try.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Does the gentle-
man from Ohio declare that his side is ready to
organize the House ?
Mr. STANTON. We are ready to try, and to
do our best towards it by voting.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. And wc are ready
to try, [laughter;] but there are various methods
of trying, and, while our friends over there are
preserving a studied silence, wc arc pursuing
studied speech-making. [Laughter.] That, sir, is
ourmethod, and the other is theirs, and the coun-
try is determining which party is doing its duty,
and if both parties, which party excels the other in
the manner of doing its duty and in the progress
made. [Laughter.] Now, then, sir, if gentlemen
upon the other side will only ground their arms,
and a sufficient number of them wilj^only come
over to our side, I guaranty them that 011 the next
ballot we will organize this House. [Roars of
laughter.] And now, sir, 111 order to relieve the
House and resolve this problem, I propose, so
that we may adjourn with the entente cordiah be-
tween all of us restored, that a sufficient number
of our friends 011 the other side array themselves
under the banner of Thomas S. Bocock to organize
the House, and then we can retire with all happi-
ness to our dinners. [Laughter.]
Mr. MILES. I believe that in the election of
a Speaker for the Thirty-Fourth Congress— at
least, I have been so informed this morning by a
gentleman who was then a member of the House—
there were sixty ballots taken before there was
one word of debate
A Member. There were sixty-three.
Mr. MILES. Now, I admit that in the present
condition of things it was very natural, and, in
my judgment, very proper that there should be a
desire upon this side of the House, to express
our sentiments and opinions touching the condi-
tion of the public mind and the general affairs of
the country. I think that it was eminently ap-
propriate, and I by no means intend to imply that
all the discussion which has taken place has been
useless and unprofitable; 011 the contrary,! think
it has been of eminent advantage to us. Why,
i sir, I believe that the resolution of my friend from
I Missouri [Mr. Clark] fell like a perfect bomb-
shell among the Republican ranks. [Laughter
; fjom the Republican benches.] I could see their
I dismay. It was impossible to conccal that they
! were exceedingly surprised—that we had taken
! them at a disadvantage. I believe that in the dis-
cussion, and 111 the arguments which have been
made upon this side of the House, we have fol-
lowed up that advantage before the country. I
think that we have got the Republican party now
011 trial before the country, and that the judgment
of the country is about to be pronounced against
them; and 1 think that we have, perhaps, said
enough; that we have already done as much as
was necessary to effect, that object; and that, there-
fore, we should now address ourselves to the task
of choosing a Speaker. [Loud cries of "Vote'"
"Vote! "from the Republican benches.] We have
put forward a candidate to whom 110 objection
can be made, and I think that if those gentlemen
who have apparently been on the eve of acting
with the Republicans would only allow cool re-
flection to have its due weight, they vyould come
back to theii old friends and their old party, and
enable us at once to organize. [Renewed cries of
"Vote!" "Vote'" from the Republicans.]
Mr. BCJRNETT. With the permission of gen-
tlemen , I will make a remark which will not take a
moment. Ill response to what has been said by my
friend from South Carolina, [Mr. Miles,] I wish
to state that I must respectfully differ with him 111
regard to our making any agreement for taking a
vote each day at one o'clock, or any other hour.
My reason is that there is an element in this
. House that must finally organize this House.
We all see that. That element is ill a minority.
Whenever, therefore, the Republicans can get
thatelement, they can at once organize this House
by a majority iote, and they cannot do it until
then. And, sir, 1 reply to gentlemen who urge a
vote that they shall not have another vote at this
time with my consent, for it is palpable to us all
that another vote at this time can result i  no bet-
ter success than the one which we luue just taken,
I think that oar time can be more profitably spent
in the discussion which has been going on for the
past week. I will make 110 agreement m advance,
so far as I am concerned, that a vote shall be
taken each day at any hour.
Many Members upon the Republican side.
Then let the speaking proceed.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. Mr. Clerk, tf it be
the desire of tlie House, I will yield to amotion
to adjourn.
Mr. McCLERNAND. lfthe gentleman yields
for that purpose, I move that the House do now
adjourn. [Cries of " No! " from the Republican
benches, and "Adjourn!" from'those occupied by
the Democrats.] • -
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for tlie yeas and
nays on the motion to adjourn. ,
The yeas and nays were ordered. i -
Mr. HOUSTON. As the yeasand nays.lmVe
been ordered on the motion to adjourn,'it being the
desire of the gentleman from Ohio to proceed with
his remarks in the 'morning, I propose that tlie
House take another \($>te fbr Speaker.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. ,1,myself,have >10
objection to that; but I understand that other gen-
tlemen are desirous of addressing the House before
another vote is taken.
The CLERK. Is the motion to adjourn with-
drawn ?
Mr. McCLERNAND. It is withdrawn upon
the suggestion of the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Houston.]
[Cries from the Republican be iches, "Letu's
take a vote!"and from those occupied by the
Democrats, of " Go 011 with the debate!"]
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I will yield for the
purpose of a vote, if no other gentleman desires to
address the House.
Mr. KILGORE. With the gentleman's con-
sent, I move that the House proceed to another
vote.
Mr. McQJJEEN and others objected.
Mr. FLORENCE. If the gentleman from Ohio
will yield to me, I will make a personal explana-
tion that will not take up more than ten mintftes.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I have already
stated that if there-be 110 objection to the motion
of the gentleman from Indiana, I will yield for
another vote.
The CLERK. Objections have been made
upon both sides.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM proceeded with his
remarks fur a few minutes, which arc withheld by
him, to appear in connection with the remainder
of the f peecli. On being interrupted by a request
to give way to adjourn, he said;
Mr Clerk, I distinctly announced in the begin-
ning of my remarks, that if gentlemen wished to
adjourn,! would give way very cordially to a mo-
tion for that purpose. It is very evident that the
hour having arrived at which we ordinarily ad-
journ, the House is not in a temper to listen to a
speech upon any subject. What I liave'to say
will lose none of its significance, if any it has, if
uttered to-morrow, and therefore I will yield to a
motion to adjourn.
Mr. IIARKSDALE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. FA'RNSWORTH called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
negative—yeas 84, nays 105; as follows:
YEAH—Messrs. Thomas L Anderson, Ashmore, Avery,
Bniksdale, Ban-, Barrett, Bonham, Boteler, Brabsori, Briggs,
firistew. Burnett, Horace F. Clark, John ]}. Clark, Clop-
ten, John Coehiane, Coiwin, Cox, James Craig, Burton
Craigo, Ciawfoul, Cnriy, U.Winter Davis, John G. Davis,
lie ramette, F.dmundson, Floience, Garnctt, Gartrell, Ham-
ilton, Haidcman, J. Morrison Harris, Jolln T. Harris, Hat-
ton, Hill, Hiudnnin, Iloltnan, Houston, Hughe?, Jackson,
Jenkins, Jones, TCeitt, Lamar, Larrabee, Leake, Logan,
Love, Mallory, Charles 1) Martin, Elbert S. Martin, May-
naid, McClernand, McQueen, McRae, Miles, Millson,
Montgomeiv, Sydenham Moore, Isaac N. Morris, Niblaek,
N'oell, Pendleton, Phelps, I'ryor, Pugh, Quarles, Reagan,
Riggs, James C. Robinson, Rurfin, kust, Scott, .Sickles,
Surims, Singleton, James A. Stewart, Taylor, Thomas,
Underwood, Vallandigham, Webster. Whiteley, and Wright
—84.
NAYS—Mes-rs. Charles F. Adams, Adrain, Aldneli,
Allen, Alley, William C. Anderson, Babbitt, Beale, Bing-
ham, lil.nr, Blake, liiayton, Butlinton, Burlinganie, liurn-
ham, Butterfield. C'aiev, Carter, Case, Colfax, Conklmg, Co-
vode, Curtis, Reuben Davis, Dawes, Delano, Dueil, Dunn,
Edgerton, J3fIot, Etheridge, Fainswoith, i^iton, Ferry,
Foster, Frank. Gooeti, Graham, Giow, Gurley, Hale, Hall,
Haskin, llehmok, Hickman, Humphrey, Hatehins, Junkin,
Fianeit, W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore,
ICillinger, James M. Leach, Lee, Longnecker, Loonlis,
Love[oy,'Marston, McKean, McKnight, McPherson, La-
ban T. Moore, Moorhead, Morrill, "Edward Joy Morris,
Morse, Nelson, Olin, Palmer, Pennington, Perry, Pettit,
Albert G. Porter, Potter. Rice, Christopher Robinson,
Royce, Schwartz, Seranton, Sedgwick, Sherman, William
N "H. Smith, Somes, Spmnei, Stanton. Stevens, Stokes,
Ptratton, Tappan, Theaker, Tompkins, Train, Trimble,
Vandever, Van Wyc.k, Verree, Wade, Waldron, Israel
Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Windom, Wood, and Wood-
ruff'—105.
So the House refused to adjourn.
