1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
any reason being assigned that I heard, and, I
believe, without Senators generally being aware
of what was offered. Now, sir, a Nautical Alma-
nac is an admitted necessity of our Navy and
mercantile marine. No one will deny that, Every
sailor who navigates the ocean must use this al-
manac morning, noon, afternoon, and night, in
making his calculations.
Mr. MALLORY. I deny it.
Mr. PEARCE Well, sir, if the gentleman will
find any decent navigator who will undertake to
cross the ocean without using the Nautical Alma-
nac, he will find that thing, rara avis.
Mr. MALLORY. I will show you a thou-
sand.
Mr. PEARCE. I have been at sea myself, and
I have found it was always used by navigators;
and I do not know how they can estimate their
position accurately without it. It is universally
employed in all ships. We formerly obtained it
from England. It must be calculated two or three
years beforehand, in order to supply ships who
go on long voyages at sea. This Nautical Alma-
nac which we have established has broughtdown
the price of the British book to half what it was
before, or loss, 1 think. Now, we ought not,
without inquiry and proper consideration, to deny
an appropriation which is founded onan estimate
by persons competent to make it, of unsuspected
honor, honor as stainless as that of any member
of this body, and included by the Secretary, I
believe, in the estimates which he has sent to us.
I ask, therefore, that the Senate will rcconsiderit.
Mr. MALLORY. A word as to the remark
of the Senator from Maryland with reference to
the impossibility of getting along without this
almanac. The British Nautical Almanac is used
all over the world; and when the Senator says
he would be surprised to learn that any experi-
enced navigator would cross the Atlantic without
this Nautical Almanac, he forgets, for a moment,
of course, that the British Nautical Almanac is
universal.
Mr. PEARCE. I beg the Senator's pardon.
I did not say that no navigator crossed the ocean
without this particular Nautical Almanac, but
without a Nautical Almanac, whether published in
England or here.
Mr. MALLORY. This Nautical Almanac is
before us; we are referring to the one before us;
and I supposed the Senator meant the one partic-
ulaily under our consideration.
Now, sir, why should we reduce this appro-
priation to $15,000, the Senator asks. I simply
offer that amendment, because it commenced at
§13,000; and because, in sessions gone by, 1 have
shown how, year by year, these appiopriations
swell up; and this is not the highest sum which
has been asked for this very work. I believe we
can do it nt $10,000 as well as at $30,000, if the
Administration will make use of the talent and
money already expended in the Navy for the
compilation of this almanac; which it does not.
The law of 1842 authorizes the placing of this
almanac under the charge of any officer not below
the grade of a lieutenant. A very accomplished
officer had charge of it, until he was called off to
se«) duty, and then a professor of mathematics
had charge of it; and now I understand the officer
formerly at the head of it is again in charge. Pie
is eminently accomplished, and fitted for this work.
But, sir, we are supporting an observatory here
at an immense expense. When Congress conies
to see the expenditures of that establishment, it
will be amazed. The Observatory is an estab-
lishment which commenced as a simple depot of
charts—a place in which to deposit charts—not
our own charts, because, up to a recent date, we
had made none; but we have been relying on the
charts of all other parts of the world, and we
simply accumulated the charts of all other por-
tions of the world. That has grown up here now
into an observatory, for which estimates of a very
large amount are before you every year, at which
you support six naval professors of mathematics,
besides a great many computers from civil life,
and clerks and messengers and gardeners—a large
establishment. Now, with every appliance and
means for the compilation of this Nautical Almanac
I have manifested my surprise timeand again that
we do not compile it within our own means; that
we do not do as the British Government does; as
other Governments do. We distinguish our offi-
cers who possess special skill—special mathemat-
ical ability—by allowing them to remain on shore;
wc supply them, at a very large expense, with
all instruments for observation; and yet we send
to Cambridge for the compilation of this Nautical
Almanac, and wc employ a host of civilians as
computers. We engage young men at Annapo-
lis who are eminently fitted for this identical work.
The Nautical Almanac having beenalready estab-
lished, and existing at a cost of §13,000, I have
no reason to believe but that it can be done now
at even a lower figure. Wc should be shown
some reason why $25,000 should be given. We
all know how these estimates are sent in. The
gentleman in charge of the work advances his
opinion that it will take this much money, and
upon that opinion the money is voted.
I do not propose to strike out the Nautical Al-
manac altogether, but I honestly believe you can
get along with §15,000 and save $10,000. The
House of Representatives last year cut down from
the naval estimates 01,180,827, and this year
$1,390,000, making in two sessions of Congress
nearly three million dollars. Neither the Naval
Committee nor the Finance Committee here has
proposed to restore a single cent. Iam glad,how-
ever, that the Senator from New Hampshire has
called our attention to this item, for we did not
consider it in committee. Although this is a small
matter, still, as it is discussed, 1 will say that i
think there is room for amendment. To be sure,
I am not an expert in the matter; 1 have no spe-
cial information other than that which the legis-
lation of Congress affords us; but I think from
that legislation, from the fact that this work has
been done for $13,000, it can be done again, espe-
cially if you will omit from th« Nautical Almanac
all those long dissertations upon geodetic surveys,
and other, I will not say abstract matters, but
certainly matteis that have very little to do with
the pure elements of a nautical almanac—the
means of enabling navigators to traverse the occan.
If you will leave all those calculations out and
not give place to the peculiar views of certain
parties who are employed as computers or calcu-
lators, I have no doubt you can get along with
this sum.
I should be sorry to see the Nautical Almanac
discontinued, fori am in favor of fostering a work
of this kind as an American woik, although wc
buy the British for fifty cents m any store, and it
is a small volume. Still, I am m fas or of pursu-
ing this work, and for another reason. We aie
now supplying it to the book stoics at the <"ost
price, and "the sale of the Nautical Almanac do^s
reimburse the Government in part for the expend-
iture of publishing it. That is one reason why I
should not do away with it altogcthci: but I trust
the amendment restricting it to 15,000 will be
adhered to, unless it can be shown that it cannot
be done for that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on reconsidering the vote adopting the amend-
ment of the Senator from Florida.
The motion to reconsider was not agreed to—
ayes nine, noes not counted.
'Mr, HALE. Now, with the consent of the
Senate, I withdraw the ,motion to strike out the j
clause this year. Wc have got *§10,000 off this :
year, and 1 hope to get off the other $15,000 next I
year. I withdraw my amendment. j
Mr. WILSON. I offer this amendment, to be I
inserted after the word " dollars," in the twen- !
tiefch line: W]
Provided, That of tliis rum. $300,000 shall he for thn pnV j
eha-^e of three steam vessel*, to be cmplo\cd in the sup- 1
pression of thcf-laveruido , <=aid ftoanxM-to t c not than 1
throe hundred and fifty toiw, nor tnotr than rnjht handled ;
tons bmden. and to he" purchased undoi the (inaction of the j
Secretary of the .N'avy, after a lull and ihoiough cxanutia- |
tson of the* same by an examining boatd. to be composed of
two naval oflieci<, two naval constructors, and two cn?i- ]
ne< rs of the Navy; and alter the repoit of .-Mid examining ,
board on the condition and qualities ol the boats rocom- j
mended or ipported to the Department ha* been examined
by the chief ot thebuicau of Construction and ttepairs, and j
after his recommendation, that tiie pmcha>c ofanj steam- J
er so recommended or reported on be made. j
Some weeks ago I submitted a bill to build ;
five steam-sloops for the purposeof aidingin sup- !
pressing the African slave trade. The Committee j
on Naval Affairs reported in favor of appropria- ;
ting$l,0005000 to build seven steam vessels. That ■
bill has not been taken up, nor has any amend- :
ment been moved upon this bill for the purpose j
of building these steamers, m order more effect-
ually to suppress the slave trade. I .have now i
proposed, simply, not to increase #ie appropria-
tions, but to use $300,000 of the money appropri-
ated in the bill for repairs, to purchase three steam-
ers, under proper guards and restrictions, to be
used to aid in the suppression of the slave trade.
The opinions of naval officers, and all other per-
sons interested in the suppression of the slave
trade, arc that we ought to employ some steam-
ers for that purpose. 1 have now moved this
amendment, which does not increase the amount
appropriated, but simply takes $300,000 of the
money appropriated by the bill, for the purchase
of three steamers adapted to the wants of the
Navy in this respect.
Mr. HAMMOND. I am not opposed in any
particular to arresting the slave trade. I will vote
for any measure that I think calculated to put an
end to it; but after the passage here, the other
day, of the act which authorizes the President to
make a contract to give $100 to some society to
take care for six months of every recaptured Af-
rican, which was amended in the House by mak-
ing it $150 a head, I shall be very careful how I
voto for anything conducing to the capture of
Africans. This question was debated when I was
not here, twice m the Senate; and I do not think
the fact was stated to the Senate that, by the laws
of Liberia, all recaptured Africans arc necessarily
apprenticed for seven years or longer. According
to some regulation, they are put up to the lowest
bidder who will take them. The society that con-
tracts with the United States to take charge of
these Africans for six months, at one hundred or
one hundred and fifty dollars a head, will pocket
the moi)cy;and the momcntthencgroesarelanded
on the coast, under the laws of Liberia, they are
put up and apprenticed, and thus made slaves of.
1 suppose the Government will take what is bid
for them; but the society will pocket the $100;
and moieover, if it was a bona fide transaction,
and the society had to support the slaves, I know
enough of what is required to support slaves, to
know that ten dollars a year would be an ample
remuneration for supporting a negro in Africa.
Now, sir, every captured African is worth from
one hundred to one hundred and fifty dollars to
this society, with whom the Government is au-
thorized to contract; and what will be the result?
Why, sir, vessel after vessel will be sent outfiom
Africa for the special purpose of being captured;
and these three little steamers that Senators want
to place on the coast of Africa to catch them will
be in incessant employment. It would not Sur-
prise me at all if, within the next twelve months-,
there were ten thousand of these Africans recap-
tured and landed at Liberia. It is nothing in the
world but a clear vote to the Colonization Society,
and a vote for the supportof Liberia. Therefore,
while I say the Senator-himself cannot be more
thoroughly disposed to put an end to the African
slave trade than I am, while there is no measure
that I think calculntcd to effoct that purpose which
I would not vote for as cheerfully and supportas
zealously as he would, 1 shall oppose ail these
things as speculations upon the Government for
the benefit of the Colonization Society and the
colony of Liberia.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts proposes to purchase vessels for the
Navy, and to take this amount of money out of
the money appropriated by the House for equip-
ment and repairs. The estimates for the equip-
ment and repair of the Navy have been carefully
made, m view of the reduction made at the last
session, and they amounted, by absolute necessity,
to $2,523,000. 'That amount has been reduced in
the House $1,000,000. Now, sir, the equipment
and repair of the vessels which it will this year be
neccssary to keep afloat must necessarily suffer,
if wc agree to this proposition. T/icy are steam
\essels, and the wear and tear of steam vessels is
infinitely greater—I cannot nowghe the percent-
al—than those propelled by sails. You have
nil the elements of deterioration in a steam vessel
that you have in o sail vessel, and superadded
vou have the heat, which is a very great agent
Indeed of destruction. We now have in the Navy,
which have been recently built, you may say,
these six crack steam fi igates,and five crack steam
sloops, and eight smaller sloops. Those are the
vessels which now do the duty of your Navy in
all parts of the globe, and it is principally for
those vessels that this estimate for repairs and
equipments of $9,523,000 was made, which sum,
