1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. STANTON. I have looked into this bill
some little, and it strikes me thatitcontains some
provisions which arc very extraordinary and un-
usual. I trust the House will not act upon the
bill without understanding something about it.
As I understand the bill, it allows any person to
run a steamboat whom the board of inspectors
may choose to permit, and nobody else. That is
the substance of the whole bill. It permits a
board of inspectors to designate who shall run a
steamboat, and nobody else.
Mr. BURNETT. I will say to the gentleman
from Ohio that that is the existing law.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This bill
does not change the existing law in any single
regard, so far as concerns the point the gentleman
from Ohio presents.
Mr. BUFFINTON. Is debate in order upon
this motion to commit?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is.
Mr. STANTON. There are some other con-
siderations which strike me as unusual and ex-
traordinary. This bill proposes, as I understand
it, to operate upon all vessels built or owned in
the United States, whether built heretofore or to
be built hereafter. We have now, as I understand
it, an existing law which regulates the number of
passengers per ton or per square foot, and all that.
U nder the operation of that law, vessels have been
built to conform to it. Now it is proposed so to
change the law as to make the vessels already built
of no use at all. As I understand it, under the
existing law you may carry one passenger for
every eighteen or twenty square feet, or for every
two tons, by measurement. The present bill,
however, changes this regulation so as to permit
only one passenger for every four tons measure-
ment, so that the ships which are built to conform
to the existing law will not be of any service under
the law as it is proposed now to change it.
Now, I confess that I do not understand very
much about this bill; but I do know that when
you undertake to regulate trade so as to interfere
with the legitimate business of private citizens,
you are always in great danger of doing more
harm than good. I say that I do not understand
very much about this bill; but I do understand
that it is a measure that is to have a very serious
effect upon the commerce of the country; and that
precisely what effect it is to have it is'very diffi-
cult to comprehend. I for one, therefore, am not
prepared to act upon the bill without knowing
something about it.
One reason why I desire not to act summarily
upon the matter at this time is, that I am very
anxious to hear my friend from Maine [Mr.
Morse] upon it. The gentleman from Maine is
very well posted upon these matters, and I should
be glad to hear him upon the bill. If he says the
bill is right, I shall be ready to defer very much
to his opinion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, obtained the
floor.
Mr. MILLSON. I ask the gentleman from Il-
linois to yield to me for a moment. I desired to
make a suggestion to the gentleman from Ohio if
I had obtained the floor, but I will now make it
to the whole House. I want to remind the House
that when this bill was under consideration be-
fore this body some weeks ago, a motion was
made to refer it to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. It was then, however,
distinctly understood and agreed in the House
that when the bill came up for consideration it
should be considered in the House as in Cofti-
mittee of the Whole; that it should be examined
section by section.
Mr. STANTON. That is all T want.
Mr. MILLSON. There is therefore no ground
for the objection urged by the gentleman from
Ohio, because the bill can be considered in the
House precisely as it would be in the Committee of
the Whole; and there is this advantage in consid-
ering the billin the House instead of the Commit-
tee of the Whole: us consideration is now secured
here, whereas, if it were referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, it
might never be reached at all.
Mr STANTON. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia will permit me, I will say that if the bill is
to be taken up, and the first section read, and then
opened to amendment, &c., as in committee, I
have 110 sort of objection to its being considered
in the House, instead of the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I stated that
it was the understanding when this bill was post-
poned, that it was to be taken up and considered
m the House. Such was my understanding.
I will now refer to the Congressional Glqbe, to
show what was the understanding "when the bill
was postponed:
"Mr. Crawford. I have been requested by gentlemen
upon both sides of the House to withdraw the motion I
submitted that this bill be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. I ask the chairman of
the Committee on Commerce whether he will agree to a
postponement of the further consideration of the bill tor
two weeks horn this day?
" The Speaker^™ tempore, (Mr. WiNSLOWin the chair.)
A motion to postpone is m order pending a motion to com-
mit.
"Mr. Washburne, of Illinois. I hope that gentlemen will
not postpone the consideration of this subject.
" Mr. Crawford. 1 have had a conference with more than
a dozen gentlemen upon this bill, and they all admit that it
has not been sufficiently well examined on their part to
enabie them at present to vote satisfactorily upon it. I can
see no reason why the gentleman from Illinois should ob-
ject, if, by consent of the House, the further consideration
of the bill is postponed for two weeks, and made a special
order.
" Mr. Washburne, of Illinois. I do not see why we
should not„go on now under the new rule, and in the House
take up and act upon the bill, section by section. Every
member here will have the opportunity to know what is the
character of every provision of the bill. 1 hope the gentle-
man will not press his motion for a postponement.
"Mr. Crawford. If the gentleman from Illinois will
consent to a two weeks' postponement, I will not press a
vote upon my motion to refer to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; otherwise, I will.
"Mr. Washburne, of Illinois. 1 have no desire, Mr.
Speaker, .to press the consideiation of this bill at this time
against the manifest disposition ot the House, or any large
number of its members. I had hoped that gentlemen would
have examined the bill, and come horepiepaird to act upon
it, and to peifeet it as it came betoic us, section by section.
There aie other matters which will interfere with the post-
ponement proposed. Tlnne is the codification of the exitt
ing revenue laws of the United States, which will come up
upon the lid ot Api il next.
"Mi. Crawford. That will come up next Tuesday;
and 1 propose that the further consideration ot the pending
bill shall be postponed for two weeks from to-day.
"Mr. Washburne, of Illinois. It it be the general un-
detstanding of the House that this bill, if postponed, shall
come up two weeks fiom to-day as a special oider, and be
then disponed of, I do not know that I will interpose luither
objection.
" Mr. Crawford, That is what T propose.
"Mr. Vallandioham. It is of little use to postpone this
bill, and keep it in the House, unless there is an under-
standing that it shall be taken up and lead, and discussed
by sections.
"Mr. Washburne, of Illinois. I take that to be the un-
derstanding of the House—that the hill shall be taken up by
sections, and discussed and disposed of.
"Mi. Vallandigham. Then I do not object.
" Mr. Mxllson. 1 think, sir, that we are waiting a great
deal of time in the discussion of preliminary questions. If
the bill is to be postponed, let us take a vote on «the ques-
tion at once. Let us take a vote on the motion to icier to
the Committee ot the Whole on tfte state of the Union; and,
if that is not carried, then let us goon and consider the bill.
" Mr. Wasiiburnf, of Illinois. If the bill is postponed,
it is the understanding, I tiust, that there shall he no dila-
toiy motions intcipohodto its consideiation,section by sec-
tion, and lis disposition at the time to which it is post-
poned
"Mr. Sherman. I insist that it shall not interfere with
the morning hour; that it shall not come up until after the
morning hour.
" Mr. Washburne, of Illinois. I do not object to that."
It will be seen from this what was the under-
standing. It was agreed, by the gentleman from
Georgia, that he would not insist upon his motion
to commit with the understanding that the bill
should be taken up in the House, and Considered
section by section. That I now propose to do.
When the gentleman from Georgia, this morn-
ing, refused to- withdraw his motion to commit,
I moved the previous question, for the purpose of
cutting off debate. I subsequently moved to re-
consider the vote by which the main question was
ordered. That vote was reconsidered, and the
bill is fairly before the House. I now ask that the
original understanding may be carried out; that
the motion to commit may be withdrawn, and the
bill considered in the House, section by section,
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CRAWFORD. My remembrance yester*
day and this morning was, that when the bill was
postponed, my statementwas, that Idid not know
that I would not withdraw the motion to com-
mit. It seems that I was reported in the Globe
as saying that I would withdraw the motion to
commit. Now, sir, I am disposed to be bound
by what I said on that occasion; and if the gen-
tleman from Illinois will agree that the bill may
be taken up in the House, and considered section
by section, for amendment, I will withdraw the
motion to commit. For myself, I am oppose# to
the whole bill; but, as a matter of course, if it is
to be passed, I would rather make itaslittle ob-
jectionable as possible. And as I made this agree-
ment, according to the report of my.remarks in
the Globe, I will not now, in violation of-what I
then said, insist upon the motion to commit the
bill; provided, however, that it is the disposition
of the House to take the bill up>as I then said,
section by section, and consider it as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, so that it may be subject to
amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I accept the ~
proposition of the gentleman from Georgia. And
1 will read further from what I then said:
" If the bill is postponed, it is the understanding, I trust,
that there will be no dilatory motion interposed to its con-
sideration, section by section, and its disposition at the
time to which it is postponed."
Nobody made any objection to that. Now I
ask for the reading of the bill section by section.
Mr. SHERMAN. I give notice that at two
o'clock I shall move to go into the Committee of ,
the Whole on the state of the Union. The Post
Office deficiency bill ought to pass immediately.
Men are here waiting for their money.
The bill (H. R.No. 114) further to provide for
the safety of passengers on vessels propelled in
whole or in part by steam was then taken up,
and read, section by section, for amendment.'
The first section having been read,
Mr. CRAWFORD said: I move to strike out
the first section of the bill. I do not'desire to-day
to repeat the objection which I urged to the con-
sideration of this bill when it was up for consid-
eration before. I will simply state to the House
that the provisions of the law of 1852 were not
extended to steamers used as ferry-boats, running
as such under a charter granted by a State, or by
a license of a municipal authority, that such ves-
sels as those are actually excluded by the bill of
1852; but now, by thermovision of this bill, these
inspectors have the right, and in fact the same
right under this act that they had under the act of
1852, to determine upon, regulate, and control by
their inspection all these T&essels alluded to in the
first section of this bill, such as steam ferry-boats,
tug-boats, and freight-boats, which may be char-
tered or authorized by any State or municipal
authority. I do not think the Congress of the
United States has the constitutional authority to
undertake to control the action of State Legisla-
tures and municipal authorities, by giving to these
inspectors the right actually to control, regulate,
and to make void the charters which may be
granted by a State, or the licenses granted by mu-
nicipal corporations. The Government of the
United States, under the Constitution, has no such
power; and is the Congress of the United States
prepared to violate one of the plainest provisions
of the Constitution by saying that, where a steam-
vessel shall run through a State, these inspectors
shall have the right, if the steamer is chartered by
the State Legislature or by a municipal corpora-
tion, to change any rule which the State Legisla-
ture or the municipal corporation may have
adopted, and put such steamer under their own
control, and to say that the State Legislature and
the municipal authorities have no right to create
such regulations? I hope the House will strike
out this portion of the bill.
I will read lines sixteen, seventeen, and eighteen,
in order that I may justify the position which I
have taken:
And shall be governed by such rules and regulations for
meeting and passing steamers and other vessels, and for
exhibiting and carrying lights, as shall be prescribed by the
board of supervising inspectors.
I do not think they have any such authority. I
think if the State of Virginia authorizes a steamer
to carry passengers across one of her rivers, these
inspectors have no right to control that authority.
I think if the State of Georgia were to authorize
a steamer within her own boundaries to carry pas-
sengers across a river, these inspectors have no
right to come in and declare the act of the Legis-
lature of Georgia void, and to control the manner
in which boats shall carry passengers. Therefore
this section of the bill is objectionable, because it
undertakes to put this water craft under the con-
trol of the act of 1852, when by that act it was
excluded.
Mr. MILLSON. I entirely subscribe to the
reasoning of my friend from Georgia, and there-
