1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1181
It proposes to strike out from the beginning to
and including the word "be," in the third line,
and inserting in lieu thereof the words "It shall
be the duty of the Sergeant-at-Arms;" and also
by inserting after the word "sittings," in the
same line, the words "to aid in the enforcement
of order under the direction of the Speaker;'' so
that it will read:
It shall be the duy of the Sergeant-at-Arms to attend the
House during its sittings; to aid in the enforcement of or-
der, under the direction of the Speaker; to execute the
commands of the House from time to time, together with
all such process issued by authority thereof, as shall be di-
rected to him by the Speaker.
It is understood now, by custom, or some par-
liamentary law, that it is the duty of the Sergeant-
at-Arms to aid the Speaker in the enforcement of
order. But, that there should be no question
about it, the committee thought it wise to provide
for it specifically.
The eigh teenth, nineteenth and twentieth amend-
ments strike out rules 72,73, and 74, which areas
oilows:
"72. The Sergeant-at-Arms shall be sworn to keep the
secrets of the House."
" 73. A Doorkeeper shall be appointed for the service of
the House."
"74. The Bborkeeper shall be sworn to keep the secrets
of the HoBse."
Those rules are rendered unnecessary by the
proposed amendment to rule 14.
The twenty-first amendment strikes out rule
75, which is as follows:
"The Postmaster, to superintend thepostoffice kept in the
Capitol for the accommodation of the members, shall be
appointed by the House."
And inserts;
The Postmaster shall superintend the post office kept in
the Capitol for the accommodation of the members.
The 14th rule, if amended, will provide for the
appointment or election of a Postmaster.
The twenty-second amendment amends rule 76,
by striking out the word " eight," in the first line,
and inserting in lieu thereof the word "seven;"
and also by striking out the word " session," in
the second line, and inserting in lieu thereof the
word " Congress;" so that it will read:
Twenty-seven standing committees shall be appointed
at the commencement oi each Congress, viz;
Also, by striking out, on page 178, the words
" a Committee on Engraving, to consist of three
members."
In that case there will be but twenty-seven
committees instead of twenty-eight. Striking out
the word " session,"and inserting in lieu thereof
the word "Congress," has the effect to provide
that the committees shall be appointed for a Con-
gress, instead of for one session, so thatitwillnot
be necessary for the Speaker, at the commence-
ment of a second session of Congress, to name
the committees anew.
The amendment further proposes to abolish the
Committee on Engraving. It is proposed to trans-
fer the duties of that committee to the Committee
on Printing.
The twenty-tl^ird amendment proposes to strike
out certain words from rule 78.
If gentlemen will turn to the present rules, and
to the note on page 174, they will find that the
words in brackets are stricken out, for the reason
that the Committee on Public Expenditures is
now charged with the same duties with which the
Committee of Ways and Means are charged by
the words proposed to be stricken out.
The twenty-fifth amendment is to rule 105, and
is to strike out "six,"in the first line, and insert
" seven " in lieu thereof. It is proposed to con-
stitute a Committee on the Expenditures of the
Interior Department, so that there will be seven
committees on the expenditures in the Depart-
ments, instead of six. The Interior Department
has been established since these rules were
amended.
The twenty-sixth amendment is to amend rule
104, by striking out the words "there shall be
appointed a standing committee of this House, to
consist of three members, to be called the Com-
mittee on Engraving, to whom shall be referred,
by the Clerk," and inserting in lieu thereof the
words " there shall be referred, by the Clerk, to
the members of the Committeemen Printing, on
the part ofthe House;" so that it will read:
There shall be referred, by the Clerk, to the members of
the Committee on Printing on the part of the House, all
drawings, maps, charts, or other paper*, which may at any
tii e come before the House for engraving, lithographing,
or publishing in any way; which committee shall report to
the House whether the same ought, in their opinion, to be
published; and if the House order the publication of the
same, that said committee shall direct the size aad manner
of execution of all such maps, charts, drawings, or other
papers, and contract by agreement, in writing, for all such
engraving, lithographing, printing, drawing, and coloring,
as may be ordered by the House; which agreement, in
writing, shall be furnished by said committee to the Com-
mittee of Accounts, to govern said committee m all allow-
ances for such works; and it shali be in order for said com-
mittee to report at all times.
The twenty-seventh amendment is to strikeout
rule 118, which is in these words:
" Not more than three bills, originating in the House,
shall be committed to the same Committee of the Whole;
and such bills shall be analogous in their nature, which anal-
ogy shall be deteimined by the Speaker."
The committee were none of them able to under-
stand what that rule meant, and saw no use in re-
taining it. They therefore recommend that it be
stricken out.
The twenty-eighth amendment is the one pro-
posed to rule 119, which I have already explained.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to direct the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Maine to the difficulty,
under this amendment, of getting a bill out of the
Committee of the Whole at any time if ten de-
termined mpn in Committee of the Whole insist
that the bill shall be defeated, even though it may
be an-appropriation bill. I put it to him, if we
adopt the amendment which he proposes, how a
bill can ever be got out of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union ? I merely make
the suggestion to him now, whilst he is pursuing
his argument, that I may give him notice that
when we reach that point in the amendments, I
shall move an amendment so as to obviate the
difficulty. I think it will be found difficult, if the
amendment of the committee is adopted, to get
any bill out of the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, even an appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. My impres-
sion is that the gentleman from Ohio has neverseen
any practice whatever of the House under that
118th rule.
Mr. SHERMAN. I speak of the 119th rule.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Well, in regard
to that rule, the committee have done the best which
they supposed it possible for them to do consist-
ently with the right of discussion in the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think it a little doubtful
whether the 118th rule ought to be stricken out.
I understood the gentleman to say the committee
did not understand what the rule meant. I think
that the rule is very plain. It simply means that
no one Committee of the Whole shall have mortj
than three bills.
' Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The gentleman
will excuse me. The committee have no sort of
care whatever about that rule—whether it stands
or not. They can see no possible use for it.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is a very plain rule, and
I doubt very much whether it ought to be stricken
out.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I should like to
hear some explanation of this amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is not now
on agreeing to the amendment. The gentleman
from Maine is making a general explanation.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I am simply
explaining briefly the effect of the amendments
recommended by the committee, and some of the
reasons for those amendments.
The twenty-ninth amendment is that rule 120
be amended by adding at the end, the words
"and should such recommitment take place after
its engrossment, and an amendment be reported
and agreed to by the House, the question shall
be again put on the engrossment of the bill;" so
that it will read:
After the commitment and report thereof to the House,
or at any time before its passage, a bill may be recommit-
ted; and should such recommitment take place atter its
engrossment, and an amendment be reported and agreed
to by the House, the question shall be again put on the
engrossment of the bill.
Now, sir, it is in order to recommit a bill after
it has been engrossed; and in order that an en-
grossed bill may be amended without going
through all the forms now necessary under the
rules, this amendment simply provides that when
an engrossed bill has been recommitted and there
are amendments reported back by the committee,
the question shall be again taken on the engross-
ment of the bill.
The thirtieth amendment provides for th® strik-
ing out of the 124th rule,; which is as follows:;
" It ahaU he a standing order of the dffy, throughout the
session, for the House to resolve itself retari Committee
of the Whole House .on • the state of the Union;?'; ,
That is provided for by another role,; and is-
therefore unnecessary. ^
The thirty-first amendment is to amend .
130, by striking out the words "aft questions*,
whether in committee or in the House, fthalt'4 e
propounded in the order in which they were movett<
except that;" so that it will read: -
In filling up blanks, the largest sum and loiteest tftha '
shall be first put. >
The rest of that is provided for by other rules;
The thirty-second amendment is to amend rule "
135,by adding at the end thereof "and all debate
on special orders shall be confined strictly to the
measure under consideration;" so that it will read1:
In Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
the bills shall be taken up and disposed of in their order on
the Calendar; but when objection is made to the consid-
eration of a bill, a majority of the committee shall decide
without debate whether it shall be taken up and disposed
of or laid aside: Provided, That general appropriation bills,
and, in time of war, bills for raising men or money, and
bills concerning a treaty of peace, shall be preferred to aU
oUier bills, at the discretion of the committee; and when
demanded by any member, the question shall first be put in
regard to them ; and all debate on specistf orders shall be
confined strictly to the measure under consideration.
Now, sir, when the House is considering ap-
propriation bills and other important measures in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, under the rules of the House, as now con-
strued, the Union generally being said to be under
consideration, it is in order to speak upon any
question whatever. Members are not confined to
the discussion of any measure. But it sometimes
happens that it is important, when a measure is
committed to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, that there shall be action upon
it speedily; and that Buncombe speeches should
not occupy the time of the committee, which can
be made in the Committee of the Whole upon
bills that arc not special orders, and when the
President's message is before the"committee. But
whenever the House goes into the Committee of
the Whole with a view to act upon some specific
measure, and it is necessary that there should be
action upon it speedily, the House, under this
amended rule, has only by a majority vote to
make that particular bill a special order in the
Committee of the Whole, and that, then, all de-
bate shall be confined to the question directly be-
fore the committee. The gentleman from Ohio will
perceive, that if this rule shall be amended, as the
committee propose, so that all debate shall be upon
the question directly before the committee, it will,
aid nim very much in removing the difficulties
which he suggested to me "a little while ago.
The thirty-third amendment is to amend rule
336, by inserting after the word " present," in the
eighth line, the words, "nor shall the Speaker
entertain a motion to suspend the rules, except
during the last ten days of the session, and on
Monday of every week at the expiration of one
hour after the Journal is read." And also by in-
serting after the word "present," in the ninth
line, "make any of the general appropriation
bills a spocial order; and also;" so that it will
read:
No standing rule or order of the House shall be re- •
scinded or changed without one day's notice being given
of the motion therefor; nor shall any rule be suspended,
exccpt by a vote of at least two thirds of the members
present; nor shali the order of business, as established by
the rules, be postponed or changed, except by a vote of at
least two thirds ofthe members present; nor shall the
Speaker entertain a motion to suspend the rules, except
during the last ten days of the session, and on Monday of
every week at the expiration of one hour after the Journal
is read. The House may, at any time, by a vote of a ma
jority of the members present, make any of the general
appropriation bills a special order; and also suspend the
rules and orders for the purpose of going into the Commit-
tee of the Whole House on the state of the Union; and
also for providing, he.
The effect of that amendment is, that on alter-
nate Mondays one hour shall be set aside, not
subject to be broken in upon by motions to sus-
pend the rules, for reports of committees for ref-
erence to the Committee of the Whole without
debate, and without a right to bring them back
by motions to reconsider, and that on the other
Mondays, one hour should be devoted, without
being subject to motions to suspend the rules, to
the call of the States for bills and resolutions.
