162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
Reuben Davis, Be Lunette, Edmund on, Flo>i;nee,Fonk ■, ,
(Jarnctt; Gartiell, Gilmer, Uun.itou. Jl.nd.'inan. Joint T. j
Harris, Hatton, Hawkins. Mill,liohnan, Hon Jon,'Jackson, !
Jont^pj Keitt, Lamar, Larrahcr, Jam'* M Leach. L;.\kc. I
Logan. Love, Mallory, Chailev 1). Martin, E,b -!? H. Mat tin,
Mavnatd, McQ,ueen. McRa<\ Miles, MiJIr-on, Montijomeiy, j
LafianT. Mooie, Sydenham Moore,'Nelson, Niblack, Noel!, :
Pendleton, Pn or, Pugh, Qmrles, Reagan, Rise?--, jruiie-' C.
Uobm^on, Rutlin, s>eott, Sickles, rfimms. Singleton, Wil-
liam N. H. Smith, Stevenson, James A. Stewatt, Stokes,
Tboma.v, Underwood, Vallandigham, Vance, and Wright—
81.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrieh, Alley, Bab-
bitt, B.nicham, Blair, Jil-ik . ftniyton, Hullmton, Burlui-
gume, Bumham. Buttemeld.Catcy,Oa^c, Colfax,Conkling,
Covode. Curtis, J)ehno, D'i Dunn, Edgcrtosi, Edwards,
Eliot, Ely, E.u n* worth, Pcnton, Ferty, Fo-ter, Frank,
Gooch, Gnnv. Gui-!<;\, JHl\ Hall, Hclnnck, Humphrey,
Hufohin-. Junk.n. F  uici- XV Kellojjsr, Kenyou, ICillinger,
DeWitt C. Leach, L-* -, Lo-miih, Lovejoy, Maiston, Mc-
ICean, McIOnght, McPhei on, Moorhoad, Nixon, Perry,
Pettit, Potter, Rsc<, Olui-topher Rotnn-on, Schwann,
Scranton, Sedgwick, Some-, Spauldin<r,Spjnner, Stevens,
William St'jvvarr, Stratton, Tapp;tn, Theaket, Tompkins,
Tram, Vandever, Van W\ek, Veiree,,\Vade, Ltael Wash-
burn, Well-., Windom, and Woodruff—~S.
So the motion was agreed to.
Pending- the above vote,
Mr. COLFAX stated that, as his colleague had
returned, and his pair expired, he would now
vote.
Mr. MOREHEAD stated that his colleague,
Mr. Longneckcr, had paired off with Mr.
Hughes.
Mr. ROBINSON, of Illinois, stated that Mr.
McClernand had paired off with Mr. Kilgore.
Mr. FENTON stated that Mr. Olin had paired
off with Mr. Si ot'T.
Mr. PEYTON stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Hoard.
Mr.TAPPAN stated fhatMr. Roycichad paired'
off with Mr. Wiiitelky.
Mr. DUNN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Wilson, had paired off with Mr. Craig, of Mis-
souri.
Mr. BARKSDALE stated that Mr. Rust had
paired off with Mr. "Wood.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM stated that to-mor-
row, before pioceeding with his speech, he would
yield for a vote.
Thereupon the House (at twenty-five minutes
past five o'clock, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE
Thursday, Dcctmbtr 15, 1859.
Mr. Benjamin appeared in his seat to-day.
ADJOEHXMHNT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to day, it be to
meet on Moudav next.
INVASION OF ITAUPEli'y VEUKY.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Messrs.
Mason, Davi->, Coi.lammt, Fneu, and Doolit-
tlk, the committee to make the inquiry ordered
by the resolution which war, adopted yesterday
with reference to the recent invasion of the State
of Virginia, at Harper's Ferry.
TERRITORIAL POLICY.
Mr. PUGH. I desire to submit a resolution.
I do not ask for its present consideration; but if
it be agreeable to the Senate, I should like to eall
it up for consideration on Monday next:
Resolved, ThattheComrnitteeon Tomtoms be instruct-
ed to incjiui" into the expediency oft ep'-ahmr , o much of
the acts approved HeptembCi 9, 18.">0, tor the otcantzation
ot'teintoiml Kovsruments in New Mexu-o and Otah,a> re-
(jnir(s tiiat alJ the laws passed by the Lc^kum,*-: of those
Tertitones shall be submitted to Congress lor apptoval or
rejection.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of
Samuel 11. Franklin, a lieutenant in the Navy,
praying to be allowed the difference between his
pay and that of purser, during the time he per-
formed the duties of purser on board the United
States ship Falmouth; which was ordered to lie
on the table until the committees shall be appointed.
Mr. GWIN presented the memorial of Fred-
erick A. Sawyer, praying such a change in the
lawin relation to the coinage of the United States,
as Vv ill enable the people of the United States to
enjoy the benefits intended to be conferred on them
by the Continental Congress, when it established
the decimal system of currency, computation, and
coinage; which was ordered to lie on the table
until the committees shall ho appointed.
Air. BROWN presented three petitions of citi-
zens of Washington, praying for the incorpora-
tion of the Washington and Georgetown Pas-
senger Railway Company; which were ordered
to lie on the table until the committees shall be
appointed.
Mr. BROWN presented additional papers in
relation to the petition of John Sample; which,
with his petition on the files of the Senate, were
ordered to lie on the table until the committees
shall be appointed.
Mr. CLARK presented the petition of Charles
F. Anderson, praying remuneration for his plan
of the Capitol extension; which, with his memo-
rial on the same subject on the files of the Senate,
was ordered to ho on the table until the commit-
tees shall be appointed.
Mr. G-WIN presented additional papers in re-
lation to the claim of Francis Hutmann, for remu-
neration for losses sustained by him m consequence
of the illegal proceedings of the collector of the
customs at San Francisco; which, with his memo-
rial on the files of the Senate, were ordered to lie on
the table until the committees shall be appointed.
PAPERS "WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Santiago E. Ar-
< u !!o, captam in the California battalion, praying com-
p -u-atioji ioi io-f>e> sustained by him during the war with
Mcueo, b > withdrawn from,the fii* of the Senate, and lie
on the tableuntil the committees shall be appointed.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. MALLORY gave notice of his intention!/)
ask leave to introduce a bill to regulate and in-
crease the pay of the Navy.
ELECTION OK A CIJAPTAIN.
Mr. FOOT. I move that the Senate proceed
to the execution of the order made on Monday
last, to elect a Chaplain at this hour.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LANE. I nominate the Rev. Mr. Ball.
Mr. FOOT. I will say to the Senator from
Oregon that it is not customary in the Senate to
make open nominations of candidates for office.
It has never !,u en done in the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators will be
good enough to prepare their ballots.
The ballots having been prepared and can-
vassed, the result was announced as follows:
Whole number of votes cast, 52; necessary to a
choice, 27; of which—
Rev. Is. I). Gmley, D. D., icceivod 'M
Rev. B. SundfiLuid, I>. D If)
Rev. J>. Ball  9
Rev. Mr. 1'roctor 9
Rev. .Mr. Chcever  1
Kw. Mi. MortoU   1
The VICE PRESIDENT. No one having re-
ceived a majority of all the votes, another ballot
will be had. Senators will prepare; their ballots.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. Gurlcy had the highest num-
ber of votes, and he will undoubtedly be elected
on the nr\t ballot. I propose that by unanimous
consent he be declared elected, without the form-
ality of a ballot. '
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent. Is there objection 5
Mr. WILSON. I think we had better proceed
to a ballot.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators will pre-
pare their ballots.
The votes having been collected and canvassed,
the result of the second ballot was announced as
follows: Whole number of votes cast, 50; neces-
sary to a choice, 26; of which—
Rev. P. D Gitilev. D I)., received 33
Rev. B. Sundciland, D.I) K?
Rev. D. Ball  1
Rev. Mr. Morsel!     1
Mr. Gurley having received a majority of all
the votes cast, was declared duly elected Chaplain
of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, the Senate then
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 15, 1859.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. B. T. Bittinger.
The J ounuil of yesterday was read and approved.
Air. Green Adams, of the sixth congressional
district of Kentucky, appeared in his seat this
morning at the opening of the House,
THE SPEAKERSHIP.
The CLERK stated the question before the
j House to be on the motion of the gentleman from
I Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hickman,] to anund the
' Journal of Friday; on which the gentleman from
• Ohio [Air. Vallaxdigham] was entitled to the
iloor.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM then addressed.the
House an hour and a quarter. [His speech will
be found in the Appendix."1
Mr. PENNINGTON. I ask leave to offer the
following resolution:
Rc&olced, That, until a choice shall be made, tins Hoiue
will on each day proceed to vote for a Speaker at one
o'elock, and vote three times ; after which no fuither voto
for Speaker shall be taken on that day.
Mr. WINSLOW. I object to the resolution.
Mr. PENNINGTON. 'If it will satisfy the
House, 1 will leave out the last clause. My object
is simply this: We all think, I believe, that we
ought to have three votes in one day. All pni t:« ?,
I presume, will concede that. My object,' in the
last clause of the resolution, was, that mombt rs
might not be surprised, if they left the House, i y a
vote being taken in their absence; but if that clause
i3 the cause of objection to my resolution, I will
withdraw it, so that the resolution will then pio-
vide for three votes each day, beginning at one
o'clock.
Mr. WINSLOW. I object to the introduction
of the resolution.
The CLERK. The Clerk would state to the
gentleman from New Jersey, that there is a pend-
ing question which takes precedence of this, ex-
cept by unanimous consent
Air. CRAWFORD resumed the iloor.
Mr. CLEMENS. ] ask my friend from Geor-
gia, to postpone his remarks until by unanimous
consent a ballot is taken. I ask it as a personal
favor. I am here, disabled in a great measure
from attending prolonged sessions of this House;
and I am compelled, each day, at three or four
o'clock, to ask some gentleman upon the other
side of the House, as a personal favor, to pair off
with me. While I do not desire to interfere with
this debate, or to suppress the utterance of any
sentiment upon this iloor, I think we might, with
perfect propriety, adopt the suggestion of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina [Mi. Miles,] and
agi*ee that about this time (two o'clock) uvery
day we will take a ballot. It will only consume
about twenty minutes, and we cannot lose any-
thing by that consent. If it is understood that a
ballot will be taken at a particular hour of the
day, it will secure an attendance upon my part
at least, and perhaps that of other gentlemen who
are not m robust health, and it will not be the
hardship upon me which I feel this attendance
upon the uncertain action ofilio House now is.
Mr. CRAWFORD. So far as I am concerned,
I have no obj< ction to the course indicated by the
gentleman from Virginia: but there areg, ntlenion
around mo who are not willing to consent to that
course, and therefore 1 must decline.
Mr. CLEMENS. T would suggest that the
objectors, whoever they may be, reduce the thing
to this dilemma, thar a Lallotcan be sprung upon
the House at any time by the Ripuhhcan side,
while we who are unable to be in constant at-
tendance maybe absent. That will lender ne-
cessary a call of the House, and we run (he risk
of losing votes upon this fide. I warn my friends
that that advantage will be taken, for it is a ju«t
parliamentary advantage of which the other side
may avail themselves, and it will be no more than
right if they do. We can. by unanimous con-
sent, agree that one vote shall be taken each day,
at a certain hour, and that no further vote shall
be taken that-dav. What objection can there be
to making such an agreement, when you have half
a dozen sick members in this House? While I
am willing to attend the sessions of the House,
yuch attendance is certainly a great hardship upon
me, and I ask gentlemen, upon the Democratic
side, to concede to me this small personal favor.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I had hoped I should
never again feel it my duty to say a word in this
Hail upon the subject of slavery, but, sir, I am
satisfied I would not only do injustice to my own
feelings, but also to those of the people I repre-
sent, if upon this occasion I should not give ut-
terance to the opinions and the well-settled con-
victions they entertain in reference to the subject
of their condition in the Federal Union. We have
endeavored for several days to organize this House
bv the election of a presiding officer, and have
