1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1183
were ordered thateachparticularbillreportedfrom
a committee, and placed upon the Calendar, should
be set down in its proper position, and come up
in its turn for consideration,andif it were ordered
that each one should be passed upon in its turn, it
would take a great deal of time,itistrue;but then,
sir, it would avoid the wrangling and contention
produced by members contesting which shall get
the lead and have his bill acted upon, to the ex-
clusion of other bills. You find gentlemen here
who will tell you day after day that they do not
wish to consider all the bills upon the Calendar;
that a great many of them are bad bills, and that
the best way to get rid of them is to allow them
to sleep upon the Calendar. If that be done, you
know that there are friends of these bills who,
when defeated in securing the consideration of
their bills, visit the blame upon the rules of the
House of Representatives.
Mr. COBB. Some members want to have the
floor four or five times upon the same measure.
Mr NOELL. The explanation of the gentle-
man from Virginia is very satisfactory to me so
far as it goes. One thing 1 would like to hear him
refer to, and that is the necessity for the previous
question. I want to know whether he recognizes
tlie propriety of the system in vogue here of pass-
ing bills reported from committees under the op-
eration of the previous question, without debate?
How often is it the case that a minority is gagged
upon a measure important to all interests in the
country, which is before this House for action?
Mr. BOCOCK. I intended, before closing my
remarks, to refer to that very subject.
Mr. NOELL. I want the gentleman from Vir-
ginia to tell us why it is proper that such a des-
postism should exist here as the previous ques-
tion ?
Mr. BOCOCK. I intend to come to that. I
object to that as much as my friend from Mis-
souri. I have been thinking on the subject since
this report was made by the committee on the
revision of the rules. It has occurred to me that
there is an evil there which might, to some ex-
tent, be remedied. It is true that we cannot, to
the fullest extent, remedy the evil of which the
gentleman from Missouri complains, for the rea-
sons I have already stated. Take the homestead
bill. Each one of us has a constituency at our
back, who wishes to hear our special views upon
that bill. Each one of us, as I said before, has
some important idea which he believes will tell
upon the interests of the country and the destinies
of unborn generations, and therefore we all want
to speak. Suppose that each one of us makes an
hour speech 
Mr. NOELL. I do not mean that every mem-
ber should have the privilege of speaking; but I
do insist that the whole body of the minority
shall not be cut off from the expression of their
views when an important question is before the
House.
Mr. BOCOCK. I agree with the gentleman
from Missouri. It is an evil which cannot be en-
tirely remedied. It has occurred to me, and I
have suggested it to some friends around me, that
there is an evil which may be corrected. In the
event that a member of a committee reports a bill
to the House, explains his views upon it, and,
before taking his scat, calls for the previous ques-
tion, and a majority then second the call for the pre-
vious question, and the main question is ordered, I
think tlie evil complained of could be remedied by
making; a provision that the House should not be
required to vote upon it, if there was a disposition
on the part of the minority, through one of its
members, to suggest anything in opposition. It
occurred to me before my friend from Missouri
referred to the subject, that we ought to incor-
porate in our rules a provision that when a bill
is reported and the previous question is demanded
the previous question shall not be sustained until
one member is heard in opposition to the bill. In
that way, though Ml would not be gratified, some
one could get the floor, and by his own views
and such suggestions as he might get from others
 and we all know thatgentlemen now-a-days are
very willing to give their friends, as well as their
foes, every suggestion that may be deemed neces-
sary—might bring forward the views of the mi-
nority. And it would be out of the power of the
majority to force the House to vote upon a bill or
joint resolution without its merits being discussed
to some extent.
Mr. NOELL. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bocock,] I would ask
how it happened that upon the homestead bill no
man was allowed to speak in opposition to it ?
Mr. BOCOCK. I think it happened in this
way: that, in pursuance of the rules of this House,
if I recollect aright, the member from the State
of Illinois, [Mr. Lovejoy,] perhaps before he got
the floor, had gone around among the friends of
the proposition, and told them that, when he re-
ported the bill, he was going to put it upon its
passage, and asked them to support him in his
demand for the previous question; and he then
called for the previous question as soon as he re-
ported the bill, and in that way it was passed.
Mr. NOELL. Does the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Bocock] say that there is any rule of
the House that can be abused in that way ?
Mr. BOCOCK. I think there is such a rule.
The gentleman must not understand me as saying
that such a rule is right. I only say that such a
rule exists; and if, in considering these amend-
ments, the gentleman can suggest some amend-
ment which will perfectly remedy that state of
things, I shall be greatly obliged.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to hear my friend
from Virginia [Mr. Bocock] speak to another
point, which I think highly important, and which
was intended originally to be embraced in thcrule
which requires bills appropriating money to go
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, without a two-thirds vote is had to suspend
that rule. I think that rule was intended to include
not only the money bills, but the bills which ap-
propriate the property of the Government; the
public lands, for instance, Jo railroads and home-
steads, and everything else; or any property of
the Government; requiring them all to go to the
Committee of the Whole, as a bill appropriating
money now goes to the Committee of the Whole.
Certainly, in my estimation, the same reason that
would require a bill appropriating money to go
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union would require that a bill appropriating
the property of the United States should go there
likewise. 1 would like to hear the views of my
friend from Virginia [Mr. Bocock] upon that
subject.
Mr. BOCOCK. I agree with the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Houston] in all that he has
said; and I will say, in connection with the same
point, what I was about to say in answer to my
friend from Missouri, [Mr. Noell.] _ In order to
understand the operation of the legislative prac-
tice of othercountries, I have examined somewhat
attentively the rules under which the business of
the British Parliament is conducted, and I find
that it is not in the power of a majority of the
House of Commons, at any time, to force the
minority to vote upon a proposition, unless that
minority has had an opportunity to be heard
against it. I think that is an example worthy of
being followed by us. We ought at least to allow
one member of the minority to be heard in answer
to any proposition brought forward here. And I
would also say, in answer to the reply of the gen-
tleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] that, as
is well known to you, Mr. Chairman, and doubt-
less to the members of this committee, in the Brit-
ish Parliament all bills for supplies are raised by
the House of-Commons; and they have extended
that rule to all propositions imposing or leading
to the imposition of taxes upon the people; ana
therefore the technical distinction that we observe
here does not obtain there. We claim that that
clause of the Constitution which requires that
money bills should originate in the House of Repre-
sentatives docs not apply to the pension bills, and
other bills which make a demand upon the peo-
ple, but which does not levy a tax to pay those
demands. In the British Parliament they consider
these bills to stand upon the same footing. If that
be so, any general bill that disposes of the prop-
erty of the people might very well be considered
as stan ding upon the same footing; as, for instance,
a bill giving so large a quantity of land as the bill
acted upon the other day. Therefore, I think such
a bill as that should have been considered in the
Committee of the Whole; fully, deliberately, and,,
maturely considered; for I consider that to have
beenoneof the most important bills that ever came
before this Congress. .
I did not intend to discuss the merits of this
measure now. I do not intend to enter now upon
anything like a full discussion of the amend-
ments; that has been done by the gentleman from
Maine, .[Mr. Washburn.] The rules of the
House of Representatives have long been a.sub-
ject of discussion, both in the House of Repre-
sentatives and in the country. We have now a
series of amendments before us. We do not pre-
tend that these amendments will perfect the rules;
but we think they do good as far as they go. We
have the suggestions of five gentlemen of a body
composed of two hundred and thirty members.
Other amendments may be suggested in the pro-
gress of the discussion of this subject. I wottld
suggest that it would be well for members, while
this subject is under consideration, and while
their minds are brought to bear upon it, to en-
deavor now to make the rules of the House of
Representatives as nearly perfect as it is in our
power to do. So far as these particular amend-
ments of the committee are concerned, I concur
with the gentleman from Maine [Mr, Wash-
burn] ill recommending them, and shall probably
unite with him in endeavoring to have them favor-
ably acted upon. But if, in the course of this
discussion, anybody shall show me that any of
them are wrong or improper, and will operate
to the injury of the business of the House or the
rights of any portion of its members, I hold my-
self perfectly free to vote against them, though
they were reported by the committee with my
approbation and consent. But if the chairman of
the committee, [Mr. Washburn,"of Maine,] or
anybody else, can show any good reason why
these amendments should be adopted, and no
other person can show stronger reasons against
them, I hope they will be adopted.
The Clerk then read the first amendment, as
follows:
Amend rule 4 by inserting after the word " required," in
the eighth line, the words, " by at least one fifth of a quo-
rum of the members," and by striking out the last three
lines; so that it wili read :
Questions shall be distinctly put in this form, to wit:
"As many as are of opinion that, (as the question may be,;
say ayand after the affirmative voice is expressed, "A3
many as are of the contrary opinion, say no." Ifthe Speaker
doubt, or a division be called for, the House shall divide ;
those in the affirmative of the question shall first rise from
their seats, and afterwards those in the negative. If the
Speaker still doubt, or a count be required by at least one
fifth of a quorum of the members, the Speaker shall name
two members, one from each side, to tell the members in
the affirmative and negative ; which being reported, he
shall rise and state the decision to the House.
The amendment was agreed to
Second amendment:
Amend rule 6, by inserting afterthe word " Hall," in the
third line, the words, " and the unappropriated rooms in
that part of the Capitol assigned to the House shall be sub-
ject to his order and disposal until the further order of the
House so that it will read:
The Speaker shall examine and correct the Journal be-
fore it is read. lie shall have a general direction of the
Mali; and the unappropriated rooms in that part of tlie Cap-
itol assigned to the House shall be subject to his order and
disposal until the further order of the House. He shall
iiave a right to name any member to perform the duties of
the Chair, but such substitution shall not extend beyond an
adjournment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like to know who
has control of the unappropriated rooms now ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The Speaker,
as provided by rule 147. We strike it out there
and insert the authority here.
The amendment was agreed to.
Third amendment:
Strike out all of rule 14, and insert in lieu thereof:
There shall be elected at the commcnccment of each
Congress, to continue in office until their successors are
appointed, a Clerk, Sergeant-at-Arms, Doorkeeper, and
Postmaster, each of whom shall take an oath for the true
and faithful discharge of the duties of his office, to the best
of his knowledge and abilities, and to keep the secrets ot
the House; and the appointees of the Doorkeeper and Post-
master shall be subject to the approval of the Speaker; and,
in ail cases of election by the House of its officers, the vote
shall be taken viva voce.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to propose an
amendment to this amendment, and as it is a mat-
ter of some consequence, if the committee will in-
dulge me, 1 will explain it in a very few words.
I propose to insert after the word "Clerk," the
words "Financial Clerk;" and after the word
" Doorkeeper" the word " Librarian." The ob-
ject of the first amendment is to remove the dis-
bursement of the contingent fund of the House
entirely from under the control of the officers now
having it in charge. At present we know that
the Clerk is made the disbursing agent of the
House for its contingent fund, which amounts to
