1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3d day of March, 1847, entitled "An act to estab-
lish a port of entry aSaluna,in the Stateof Tex-
as, and far other purposes; "
An act (No. 838) to change the name of the
ship Rockali to Massachusetts;
An act (No. 520) granting a pension to Martha
Sanderson, widow of Major Winslow F. Sander-
son;
An act (No. 421) for the relief of Joel M. Smith;
An act (No. 99) for the relief of Benjamin
Saver; and
An act (No. 521) to incorporate the East Wash-
ington Library Association, with an amendment,
in which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
Also, that the Senate have receded from their
amendment, disagreed to by the House, to the
amendment of the House to the bill of the Senate
(No. 84) to facilitate communication between the
Atlantic and Pacific States by electric telegraph.
Also, that the Senate have passed bills of the
following titles, in which he was directed to ask
ask the concui rence of the House:
An act (No. 488) m relation to malicious injuries
to, and trespass upon, public and private property
within the District of Columbia;
An act (No. 508) for the relief of William Nel-
son; and
An act (No. 509) granting to the city of Port
Huron,Michigan, a part of the military reserva-
tion at Fort (iiatiot for the enlargement of the
city cemetery at that place.
Also, that the Senate have agreed to the report
of the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the amendments
of the Senate to bill of the House No. 215, mak-
ing appropriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for ful-
filling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes, for the year ending June 30, 1861.
Also, that the Senate insist on their amend-
ments, disagreed to by this House, to the bill of
the House No. 305, making appropriations for the
support of the Army foi the year ending 30th of
June, 18Q1; disagree to the amendments of the
House to their fourth, eighth, and fifty-second
amendments; agiee to the amendment of the
House to their fifty-third amendment; ask a con-
ference with the House on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the said bill, and have ap-
pointed Mr. Pearce, Mr. Davis, zyid Mr. Foot,
the managers at the said conference on the part
of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the House in-
sist on its disagreement to the amendments of the
Senate, insisted on by the Senate, to the bill of
the House No. 305; arid also on its amend-
ments, disagreed to by the Senate, to the amend-
ments of the Senate to that bill; and agree to the
conference asked by the Senate on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER subsequently appointed Mr.
H. Winter Davis, Mr. Stanton, and Mr. John
Cochrane, managers at the said conference on
the part of the House.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON,from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills of the
folio wing titles; when the Speaker signed the same;
An act (H. R. No. 350) making appropriations
for light-houses, beacons, buoys, &c.;
An act (H. R. No. 235) for the relief of con-
gressional township two, north of range nine,
west of the fourth principal meridian, in Adams
county, State of Illinois:
An act (H. R. ATo, 374) for the relief of the
Missionary Society of the Methodist Episcopal
Church.; and
An act (H. R. No.703) making appropriation
for the payment of the expenses of the Legislative
Assembly of the Territory of Minnesota.
LAND TITLES IN MAINE.
Mr. WALTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union from the further
consideration of the bill of the Senate No. 191,
and that its consideration be postponed until the
second Friday of the next session of Congress.
Mr. PIIELPS. What is that bill?
Mr. WALTON. It is a bill to quiet land titles
in the State of Maine.
Objection was made.
1 move to suspend the rules.
That motion is not in order
Mr. WALTON.
The SPEAKER.
at this time.
COVODE COMMITTEE.
Mr. TRAIN. I am directed by the special
committee of which Mr. Covole is chairman to
report a resolution for the printing of fifty thou-
sand extra copies of the report and of the evidence
taken before that committee. I am also directed
to say that the committee have agreed that Mr.
Wixslow may make a minority report hereafter,
Mr. GARNETT. I object to everything ex-
cept the regular order of business, and I will not
withdraw that objection for any purpose.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the presentation of the report, as the gen-
tleman has the right to report.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I rise to a privi-
leged question.
Mr. GROW. This is a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is in order,
and under the rules it will be referred to the Com-
mittee on Punting.
Mr. WINSLOW. I desire to say that the
testimony before that committee was not closed
untilThursday, and all the printed testimony was
not returned until last evening, and I have not yet
had time to finish my report. The committee, as
my friend from Massachusetts iias observed, has
given me permission to file a minority report. I
ask, therefore, the consent of the House to present
my minority report on Monday morning. [Cries
of 4'Agreed!"}
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
BRIG CHARLES II. JORDAN.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask leave of the House to have
a bill passed to enable the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to issue a register for a ship bought by the |
Government of the United States, and which can- {
not be used without a register.
Air. GARNETT. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. ELIOT. There can be no objection to the
passage of this bill. It contains but six lines.
The Cleik read the title of the bill, as follows:
An act authorizing the issue of a register to the
brig Chailes II. Jordan.
Mr. ELIOT. This vessel was found derelict
at sea, and wan sold by the admiralty.
Mr. GARNETT. I say I object to everything
except the regular order of business. If I with-
draw it for one gentleman, I must withdraw it for
others.
Mr. ELIOT. It would have been passed before
now. Let the bill be read.
Ihe Clerk proceeded to lead the bill.
Mr. GARNETT, (interrupting.) I have ob-
jected over and over again.
LEGISLATIVE AND EXECUTIVE BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report back the
Senate amendments to the bill (H. IX. No. 339)
making appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses of Government for the
year ending 30th June, 18(il; and I ask that it be
made the special order for to-day at one o'clock.
Several Members. Say seven o'clock this
evening.
Mr. SHERMAN. I leave the matter to the
decision of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest to
the gentleman to have it made the special order
whenever the House will go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SHERMAN. The trouble is, that if the
Kentucky election case comes up to-day, I may
not have an opportunity of having these amend-
ments considered. I therefore wish to have an
hour designated.
Mr. PHELPS. There will be no difficulty
about it, if it is made the special order whenever
we go into committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; I move that it
be made the special order in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report back the
Senate resolution with respect to the adjourn-
ment, with an amendment.
The report was read, as follows:
The Committee of Ways and Moans, to tvliom was re-
ferred the resolution of the Senate of ihe United States of
tlic 14th June, 1SG0, ay follows:
" Resolved, (the House of Representatives concurring,)
That the resolution directing the President of the Senate
and the Speaker of ihe House of Representatives to declaie
their lespeetive Houses adjourned sine die on Monday, the
18th instant, at twelve o'clock, m., be, and the same is
hereby, reconsidered; and that the President of the Senate
and the Speaker of the Hou-se of Representatives declare
tiieir respective Houses adjourned sine die on Monday, the
23th June instant, at twelve o'clock, m."
Have had tlie same under consideration, and recommend
that the House of Representatives agiee to the same with
an amendment:
Strike out the words "Monday, the 25th," and insert
"Wednesday, the 20th."
Mr. GROW. I hope the gentleman from Ohio
will make it Monday, the 2d of July. [Loud cries
of « No!" "No!" all over the Hall.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Suppose he
puts it the 2d of October!
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I hope the
amendment will be rejected, and that the -resolu-
tion of the Senate will be concurred in.
Mr. SHERMAN. X move the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a question of
order. It is impossible for us to have order in
thisHall if half the delegates to the Baltimore con-
vention are allowed to come on the floor. I sug-
gest to the Doorkeepers that they might as well
throw open the doors, and let everybody in.
Mr. RARKSDALE. Gentlemen $ho are in
the Hall, and who are not entitled to the privileges
of the floor, are not creating any disturbance.
They are sitting quietly on the back seats. The
disturbance is created by members of the House,
on both sides. The sirangeis are not interfering
with the business of the House; and I hope they
will be allowed to remain. If members will pre-
serve order, I undertake to say that our visitors
will.
Mr. FARNSWOBTH. It is entirely useless
for us to have rules unless they are observed.
Mr. MILLSON. Will the gentleman from
Ohio withdraw the call for the previous question,
and allow nie to offer an amendment to substitute
" Friday" instead of "Wednesday
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot withdraw the de-
mand for the pievious question. If the two
Houses disagree as to the day of final adjourn-
ment they can have a committee of conference.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which was on the adop-
tion of the amendment.
Mr.McPHERSONcalledfortheyeasandnays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McQJJEEN I ask the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means whether he thinks
both Houses can get through the business by
Wednesday? [Calls to order.]
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 90, nays 95; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chailes F. Adams, Ashmore, Avery,
Babbitt, Baiksdafe, Fianeis P. Blair, Samuel Iifair,
Bonham, Bristow, "Bufhnton, Carey, John B. Clark, Clop-
ton, Cox, James Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford, Cuny,
Davidson, John G. Davis, Dawes, jDe Jamette, Delano,
Dimmiefc, Dueil, Edgerton, Eliot, English, Famsworth,
Fietieh, Garnetf, Gartrell, Gooch, Graham, Hale, Hall,
ilaidcman. J. Morribon Harris, John T. Harris, Holman,
Houston, Hutching, Irvine, Jacksotf, Jenkins, Jones, Wil-
liam Kellogg, Kenyon, Kunkel, Lanabee, DeWitt C.
Loach, Leake, Love", Lou'jov, Maelay, Mallory, Elbeit S.
Martin. MeGlueen, MeRae, Miles, Sydenham Moore. Mor-
rill. Niblack, Peny, Petut, Peyton, Reagan, Bice, Itoyee,
Sedgwick,Sherman. Singleton, William Smith,Spuulding,
Stanton, Stevens, Btokes, Thomas, Underwood, Vance,
Vandover, Wade, Cadwalader C. Wa^hhmn, Ellihu B.
Wa^libunie, Israel Washburn, Webster, Wells, Winteiey,
Wilson, and Wright—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Gieen Adam1:, AUlricli. Allen, Alley,
William C. Andci-on.Asliloy.Ban. Beale, Bingham, Blake,
Boteler, Bnuhguy, Brabson,'Brayton, Briggs, Burch, Bur-
hngame, Burnett. Burnham, Buttcrfield, Campbell, Cartpr,
Ca<e, lioiace F. Clark, Cobb, John Cochrane, Colfax, Cor-
wm, Covode, Edinundson, Edwards, Ely, Etheridge, Fen-
ton, Ferry, Floiunce, Fo'-tei, Gihner, Giow, Curl^y, Hut-
ton, Udmiek, Hnidman, Hoard, William Howard. Hughes,
Humphrey, Jnnkm, Fianeis W. Kellogg, KiSgore, Lun-
drum, James M. Leach, Lee, Loomis, Mars-ton, Maynatd,
McClernand, Mclveau, McKmght. MePlwrson, MiUson,
Milivvard, Moorheart, Edwaid Joy Moriifc. Isaac N. Morris,
Nelson, Nixon, Ohn, Palmer, Porter. Potter. Pryor,Quailes,
Iticgs, Clnistopher Robinson, Ituflin, Him, William N. H.
Smith, Spinner, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, William
Stewart. Stout. Stratton, Taj lor, Thayei, Tompkins, Trim-
ble, Valiandisham, Van Wyck, Venee, Walton, Windora,
Wood,and WoodiufY— 90.
So the amendment was rejected.
During the vote,
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, stated that he was
