3072.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16.
paired off with Mr. Schwartz, who was detained
at home by serious illness.
Mr. HAMILTON, not being within the bar
when his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. HAMILTON stated he would have voted
in the negative.
Mr. WILSON stated that, on all political ques-
tions, he had paired off with Mr Lamar, who
had been called home on urgent business.
Mr. LONGNECKER, not being within the bar
when his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. LONGNECKER stated he would have
voted in the negative.
Mr. MONTGOMERY, not being within the
bar when his name was called, asked leave to
vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. VANCE said: Understandingthatthe Sen-
ate can get through by next Wednesday, I ask
leave tq change my vote, and vote "ay."
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE said that he was
paired, on all political subjects, with Mr. Hick-
man; but he was at liberty to vote oil all ques-
tions of adjournment. He would therefoie vote
" no."
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was rejected.
Mr. McPHERSON. 1 move to lay that motion
on the talfte.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to say, Mr.
Speaker 
Several Members called to order.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I do not desire to debate
the question 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi will recollect that the House is acting
under the operation of the previous question, and
that the subject is therefore not debatable.
Mr. &ARKSDALE. I hope the House will
indulge me, that I may ask information from the
chairman of the CominittceofWaysandMeans,
who has charge of the business of the House.
[Cries of '' Object!"] I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio a question. [Cries of Ques-
tion l*"] I undeistand the gentleman from Ohio
to state that he has no doubt all the business can
in: finished by Wednesday.
Mr. M1LLSON. I submit the point of'order,
that, as the mam question has been ordered, it is
not in order to do anything but take the vote on
the question pending at the tune the main ques-
tion was ordeied; and that, theiefbre, a motion
to reconsider cannot be made at this time, nor un-
til the ordet of the House, dnectnig the mam quey- j
lion to be now put, is executed. |
ThcSPEA.iv.EU. The ChairJfeels constrained !
to oveuule the point ef order. The practice hats j
hem otherwise continually, and it seems to the
Chair that thou4  ** a necessity for that practice. ^
Mr. MILLSON. I submit another point of
order: that the motion to leconsider can only he
made by a member who voted with the majority.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks the gentle-
man from Mississippi whether he voted with the
majouty'
Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 voted with the minority.
The SPEAKER. Then the point of order is
well taken.
Mr. HOUSTON. Would it be in order to move
to recommit the resolution to the Committee of
Ways and Means?
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I should like to leave it in
the hands of that committee.
Mr. JUNKIN. I rise to a privileged question.
I voted with the majority; and I move to recon-
sider the vote whereby the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. McPHERSON. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. On that motion I
call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I desire to know
whether, if the House votes to lay on the table,
that carries the original resolution of the Senate
with it, or only the amendment?
The SPEAKER. It only carries the motion
to reconsider*, not the mam motion.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to inquire of the
Chair whether the yeas and nays have been or-
dered on the motion to lay on the table or on the
reconsidei at ion ?
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
been ordered on the motion to lay upon the table.
Mr. BURNETT. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, who called the yeas
and nays, that he permit us to take a square vote
on the reconsideration, and not take up time by
a call of the yeas and nays on the motion to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. GROW. I did not make the call for the
yeas and nays. But I rise for informaticn as to
this vote. I understand that those of us who are
opposed to adjourning on Wednesday, and desire
to give the Senate the time they ask for,vote "ay"
upon this question, and that those who favor an
adjournment on Wednesday, and are unwilling to
give the Senate until Monday next, vote " no."
Mr. BURNETT. For one, 1 shall vote against
laying the motion to reconsider on the table; and,
upon the statement of the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, that the Senate have
intimated that they will be ready to adjourn on
Wednesday, I would now vote to adjourn on that
day.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I understand from
Senators hero that they cannot adjourn on Wed-
nesday.
Mr. SHERMAN. On consultation with Sen-
ators, who said that they could adjourn on Wed- i
nesday or Thuisday, the Committee ol Ways :
and Means thought it better to put m Wednes-
day, and thou when the resolution goes to the j
Senate, if they find that they will not he ready to \
adjourn on Wednesday, they can amend the House j
amendment, and make it Thursday.
Mr. VALLANDICU1AM. I am advised by
wise and well-informed Senators that they cannot
adjourn befoie Monday week.
The question was taken: and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 9G, nays 92; as follows:
YHAS—Messrs. Cicen Adam*, Aldueh, Allen, Alley,
William C. Anderson, Ashley. Hair, Ikale, J5m l ani,
Blake, ISiabMm, Button. Utigss, Bureh, MmItngumo,
Bmnham, Buth'i field, Campbell. Carey, Cmtei. Cobb. John
Coelnaue,Coll',t\, Coiwui, Cov, Dwnmok, UdwauN. Ely.
Ktheudge, Font on, Feny. f'loience, L'o-tei. Gilmer. Ciovv,
Guilev, Hamilton^ H-i-kin, llatloii, lUdimck, llindmun,
Uoaui, William llowaid, William A. Ihmaid, fhnnplney,
Hutching FiaucK W. Kollo<i«, Kilgoie. Landium, J.uuess
M. Lead), Lee, Loinjnec-ko, Limine, MaiMon, Mnvnard,
MeKoan, Mcknight, McPher^on, Millvvaid, Laban T.
Mooie, Mooihead, Edward Jov Mom*, I-sue N. Moriif,
Mor-'e, NVW>n, Niblack. Nixon, Olm, Palinei, Pendleton,
Poitci, 1*1} oi, Clni^tophci Uobin.son, Ruflin. William
Small, Sonus Spiniu'i, .Stevenson, James A Siewait,
William Stewait, Stout, Stiatton. T'lajei, Tompkm-,
Valland'yham, \«tnee, Vandevet, Van W\ek, Veuee,
Wade, Walton, Well-:. Wuidoin. Wood, and Woodi utl—
N\YS—Me-M->. Chailtw I<\ Adam-, Afdimoie, Aveiy,
I'abbilt, liai lv dale, Fiancis I'. Hi.iu, Samuel S. Ulan, Bon-
bam, Botelei, Bonli n\, Hi.uieh, Un-tow. Butlinton, Rui-
nett, Uoiaee i' Cl-ufc, Jolm H. Ciaik, Clapton, Jainc^Cimg,
Button Crau'e, Cuuviord, Our:v, Davutaon, 11. Wmtu
l),i\^, John C. Davi-, Utj Jarnette, Delano, Duell, Kdircr-
ton, F>dmand-on, Eliot, Rngli^h, Furn-jwoitb, Fiench,Gar-
11oil, Gooeb, Giabam, Hale, Hall, lUudcman, J. Mouixon
llains, John T. Ham*, ilolman, Hoi^tou, Jackson, Jen-
kin*-, Jone--, Kern on, Killmuer. ICunkel, Lanabce, DcWitt
C. Loach, Love, Lovejm . Marlay, Mailorj, Elbett S. Mai-
tiu, MeCk'i nand, McCiueen, MeRae, Million, Montgomeiy,
Sydenham Moore, Momll, Penv, l'ettit, Peyton. Phelps,
Ciu.ule-, Reagan, Rice, Hi!™-*.James C. Robin-oil, lloycc,
Sedgwick, Sherman, Suiiileum, tipauidmg, Stanton, Ste-
vens, Stoke-, 'i'appan, Taj lor, Thomas, Ttaui, Undei-
wood, Cadvvaladei ('. Wasiibmn, Kllihu P>. VVaj-hbmno,
lsiac-1 Washburn, Webster, WiKon, Woodhon, and WnghL
 
So the motion to reconsider'was laid upon the
table.
The question recurred upon concurring in the
resolution of the Senate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the resolution upon the table.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 1 hope my colleague
will nut insist upon that motion, but will let us
take a square vote on the resolution.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the motion to lay upon the table.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to lay the resolution upon the table.
The question recurred upon concurring in the
resolution of the Senate.
Mr. SPINNER. Is an amendment still in or-
der ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. SPINNER I desired to move to fix the
day for the adjournment one week later.
Mr. PHELPS. I demand the yeas and nays
on concurring in the resolution.
The yeas and nays were oidercd.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 123, nays 69; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Gieon Adams, Aldiich, Allen, Ashley,
Avery, Babbitt, Barr, Beaie, Bin^iiani, Samuel S. Blair,
Blake, Boteler, Boulijjny, Biabson, Biancn, Biajion,
Brigs-*, Burcli, Burlingamo, Bmnett, Burnham, Butteilield,
Campbell, Carey, Carter, Cobb, John Cochrane, Colfa*,
Corwin, James Ciai«r, Da\ve<, l)e Jamette, Diiumick,
Duell, Bdmundson, Etlwaids, Ely, Etheridge, Farnswoith,
Fentnn, Ferry, Fioieriec, Foster, Fiank, Gilmer, Giow,
I-lall, Hamilton, Ilatton, Uelmick, Hill, Hmdman, Iloaid,
William Howaui, William A. Uowiud, IJuijiies, riuni-
phrev, Ilutclun^, Junkin, Fiancw W. Kellogjr, Kilgore,
Landium, DeWitt C. Leach, James M. Leach, Leake,
Lee. Longnecker, Loomis, Marion, Maynatd, McKean,
McKniglit, McPhetfeOn, MilUon, Mithvaul, Laban T.
Moore, Mooihoad, Edvvaid Joy Morris., Isaac N. Moius,
Nelson, Niblack, Nixon, Olm, Palmer. IVtUt. Porter, Pot-
ter, Piyor, Rice, ltipfg^, Christopher Robinson, Rovce,
Rufiin, Scott, Sherman, Singleton, William Smith, Wil-
liam N. II. Smith, Some". Stevenson. James A. Stewait,
William Stewait, Stoko^, Stout, Sitatton, 'i'appan,Taylor,
Thayei, Tompkins Tumble. Vallandmham, Vance, Vun-
dever, Van Wvck, Verrer. Wade, Walton, Wull^,-White-
ley, Windom, WoodrutV, Wood>on. and Wnglit—123.
*NAYS—Messrs Cluules F. Adam.s. Alle>, Ashmore,
Boyce, Bilstow, Butlinton, Hoiari' F. Claik, Clopton, Bur-
ton' Ciaigo, Ciawtbrd, Cuiry. H Winter l);ivis;, John G.
Davis, Delano. Edgerton, Eliot. Englir-h, Fiench. Gamett,
Gartieli, Gooch, Giaham. Hale, Haideman, J. Morusoii
IlanK JohnT. Ilanis, liutman. Houston, Ii vine, Jack-on,
Jenkins, Join?-;. William Kellogu. Ken> on. Rillmgci, Kun
kel, Lariahee, Love, Lovejoy, Maclay, Malloiy. Elbeit S,
Maitm, McClentand, McQueen, McUae, Montgoni-
crv, Svd<*nh;un Moore, Morrill, Peuy, Peyton, Phelp-,
Uuaih's, Reagan, James C. Robinson, Ru-t, Sedgwiclc-
Spauldinir, Spinnei, Stanton, Stevens, Thomas, Under-
wood, Waldron.Cadw.dadei (J.Washburn, Elliiui B.Wash-
burno, It-iael Washbuin, Wcb-ter, and Wilson—69.
So tlmresolution of the Senate was concurred in.
Duunff the roll-call,
Mr. ASHLEY stated that he voted " ay;" al-
though he would rather vote to adjourn on the 2d
of July.
Mr. HOUSTON stated that he voted "no,
with a purpose to reconsider, and carry out the
views of the Committee of "Ways and Means.
Mr. SHERMAN said that he had no doubt
they could adjourn by "Wednesday; but as the
Senate wanted till Monday,he would vote " ay."
Mr. FRANK stated that Mi. Pottle being
quite indisposed, had left for home ; and wan paired
with Mr. Simms, of Kentucky, for the remainder
of the session, on all questions.
The result of the vote having been announced,
as above recorded,
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the" resolution was concurred in; and
also movtd to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON,from the Committee on En-
rolled Bilh, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled bills of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 84) to facilitate communication
between the Atlantic and Pacific States by elec-
tric telegraph;
An act (H. R. No. 421) for the relief of Joel
M. Smith;
An act (S. No. 464) to amend an act entitled
" An act in addition to acts prohibiting the slave
trade;'*
An act (H. R. No. 529) granting a pension to
Martha Sanderson, widow of Major WmslowF.
Sanderson;
An act (I-I. R. No. 839) to amend an act, ap-
proved the 3d day of March, 1847, entitjed "An
act to establish a port of entry at Saluria, m the
State of Texas, and for other purposes-/'
An act (S. No. 373) to relinquish the title of the
United States to certain lands occupied by the city
of Baton Rouge, in Louisiana;
An aet (II.' R. No. 838) to change the nameof
the shin Rockall to Massachusetts;
An act (LI. R. No. 99) for the relief of Benja-
min Say re; and
An act (S. No. 118) for the relief of David
Myerle.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I rise to a
question of privilege. I am instr ucted by the com-
mittee of conference on the Indian appropriation
bill to present their report.
The report was read, as follows:
The committee of confeionce on the di^a^reem^votes of
the two Uuu^es, on the amendments to the bill (II. R. ho.
, LJlo) making appropriations loi the cuuent and contingent
