THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, MARCH 17, 1860.
New Series No.'75..
Mr. KtJNKEL. They hare, under the reso-
lution, I believe, of the gentleman from Tennes-
see himself, instructing them to inquire into and
report to the House what alterations should be
made in the law respecting the disbursement of
the contingent fund of the House.
Mr. MAYNARD With that information, I
will not anticipate the action of the committee by
pressing the subject further on the House at this
time. I withdraw the first branch of my amend-
ment, and ask a vote of the committee on the sec-
ond branch of the amendment malting the Libra-
rian an elective officer of the House, instead of an
appointee of the Clerk.
The question was taken, and Mr. Matkard's
amendment was disagreed to.
The third amendment reported by the commit-
tee was then agreed to.
Fourth amendment:
Amend rule 17, by inserting after the word " States," in
the fourth line, the words, u and of the Cosrt ol Claims;"
so that it will read:
Nf> person, except members of the Senate, their Secre-
tary, heads of Departments, President's Private Secreta-
ry, the Governor for the time being of any State, an.'! judges
of the Supreme Court of the United States and of the Court
of Claims, shall be admitted within the Hall of the House
of Representatives.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I desire to sug-
gest the following amendment to that amendment:
After the words " members of the Senate," insert " mem-
bers of previous Congresses."
Several Members. Oh, no; do not offer that.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I make this sug-
gestion because it occurred to me, in the last Con-
gress , when this rule was adopted, that there was
an impropriety in the exclusion of ex-membcrs
from this floor.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask the gentle-
man from Maryland to modify his amendment so
that the clause shall read as follows:
Senators, Representatives elect, and ex-mcmbers of the
House not prosecuting claims personally, nor as agents,
before Congress, fehail be admitted within the Hall of the
House of Representatives.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. No, sir; I pre-
fer my amendment aS I have suggested it.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Then I will offer
my amendment as a substitute for that of the gen-
tleman from Maryland.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ma-
ryland is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I will yield for
the purpose of allowing the gentleman from Ohio
to introduce his amendment, but I will remark
that it does not strike me that it will accomplish
the purpose for which my amendment was offered.
I offer my amendment as a compliment to these
persons. Gentlemen who have for half a dozen
Congresses been associated in this body in their
Representative capacity, I think, as a matter of
courtesy, ought to be permitted to come upon this
floor. When gentlemen have been here repre-
senting the people of a congressional district, as
many upon this floor have been for ten or fifteen
years, and even for a longer time, and when they
retire from public life and visit this city, it is
proper, it is nothing but fair, nothing but a de-
served compliment, that we should recognize their
former position by giving them the privilege, if
they desire it, of coming upon the floor of the
House. It is only as a compliment to them that
I suggest it. If any gentleman, having occupied
a seat in this Hall, as a member of this House,
returns to Washington in the position of an agent
for any particular claim before the House, and do-
sires to come upon the floor for the purpose of
enforcing his claim on the members of the House,
then that gentleman, ex-member of Congress
though he is, does not come within the scope of
th« suggestion that I make. I do not desire to
confer any such compliment upon a gentleman
who comes here on any such business. _ But if the
suggestion of the gentleman from Ohio is adopted,
I do not see that anything will be accomplished.
Suppose he comes here as a claim agent: who is
to inquire, who is to ascertain, whether the ex-
member, who presents himself wilder this rule, if
it be amended as my friend from Ohio suggests,
has or has not any connection with any claim be-
fore Congress?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. It is to be ascer-
tained in precisely the same manner that the right
of others who apply for admission upon the floor
are ascertained. If a Governor of a State applies
for admission on the floor, under this rule he must
furnish such evidence as will be satisfactory to the
Doorkeeper of his right of admission. Under the
rule, as it now exists, if the Doorkeeper ascertains
tl^it any person not entitled to the privileges of the
floor is here, he will have him removed, or the at-
tention of the Speaker may be directed to the fact,
and he will order the removal of such person.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Now, sir, I have
been struck, during this session, as I was during
the last session, with the fact that some gentle-
men, who had been for years past connected, in
successive Congresses, with the administration of
affairs in this body; who had wen for themselves
a reputation in the councils of the country, and
who, on visiting this city, because they were pos-
sessed with the idea that, as gentlemen, they had
no right, under the rule that existed at the last
session, and exists now, to avail themselves of the
opportunity afforded to others by the laxity on
the part of the Doorkeeper in enforcing the rule,
had studiously, and at great personal inconve-
nience, as they desired to have conference with
members upon the floor, keptaloof from the Hall.
I, myself, have seen such gentlemen, to the mor-
tification of their friends upon this floor, taking
their places in the crowded galleries of the House,
when, by every right of gentlemanly courtesy and
consideration, they should have been permitted to
come upon the floor.
Now, sir, there is not a very large number of
ex-members of Congress who come to Washing-
ton at the same time, certainly not so many as to
incommode us. I know that there are not very
many ex-members of Congress who would care
to come here very frequently, or to remain very
long upon the floor, and I think it is due to them
that we should accord this compliment to them.
Mr. Chairman, I do not understand upon what
ground this rule goes. It provides that a Governor
of a State for the time being shall have the right
to enter upon the floor; upon what ground is that
right accorded? There is certainly no special
matter of business between a Governor of a State
and this House, that should entitle them to it; and
I should like to know from the chairman of the
committee upon what principle the rule was
adopted? I can understand why judges of the
Supreme Court should be included, for they are
considered as one of the coordinate branches of the
Government. I can understand why the judges
of the Court of Claims should be included, for
they constitute, in point of fact, one of the sub-
ordinate committees of this House; but I do not
understand why Governors of States for the time
being should be paid this compliment, which is
denied to ex-members of the House itself.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The commit-
tee did take into consideration the propriety of
the admission of the persons named in the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maryland. They
wore, however, all of the opinion that it was
proper to extend that courtesy to the judges of the
Court of Claims. I believe a portion of the com-
mittee, perhaps a majority, were in favor of the
amendment the gentleman has suggested; but they
determined not to report anything in which every
member did not concur.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I am glad to find
that my amendment will meet the coucurrencc of
others. I will not enter into the discussion or de-
tain the House further at this time. I hope the
committee will agree to my amendment; and !
presume such will be the fact, inasmuch as it
seems that a majority of the committee on rules
are in favor of it. . .
Mr. McQUEEN. I wish to submit just a lew
words upon this amendment. I have seen here,
for years, ex-members of Congress crowding into
this House, occupying the seats of the members,
and interfering with the public business of the
country. _ I never knew one to be such fronvany
personal intercourse between him and myself;
but, sir, it was the common talk of the House"
and the country that ex-members wers crowding'
this Hall, with a view of advancing or eygffresr-
ing through, as the common expression is,'p„ri-*
vate claims against the Government. For years
it was complained of, and the practice on the part'
of ex-members acting as claim agents, was looked,
upon as disreputable to this body. That practice
was the fruitful source of complaint ill this body,
as every member then here will remembfer. I
know that these ex-members were here in num-
bers, and that it was because of the complaint that
they acted as claim agents, that they were ex-'
eluded from the privileges of the floor of this
House. Prom my own observation, and from
what I have heard, in thfe House and out of it, I
should be very sorry to see the privilege of the
floor again conferred upon that class of men.
It was charged here, Mr. Chairman, and with.
some truth, that members of Congress who had"
passed two or four years had a hankering for the
city of Washington, and were therefore more
apt to return here, when not returned to Congress,
and act as claim agents. It was thought to be wise
and proper to exclude them from the privileges of
this floor. 11 is no disrespect to them when they are
refused entrance to this House. The galleries of
this House are ample enough to provide for ex-
members of Congress, as well as for all others
who wish to witness our proceedings. They
can hear there as well as they can upon the floor,
what is jfhssing in this branch of the National
Legislature. I know that it has been the com-
plaint, the just complaint, as I believe, that they
were an annoyance to the House. P&y after
day they were here, enjoying the privileges of
this floor; and when a member of the House left
his seat for a moment, he would find it occupied
by one of these ex-members when he returned,
and ho would then have to stand up, or be put in
the indelicate position of requesting that his seat
should be vacated, in order that he might again
resume it. They were numerous here, and ths
charge was general, that they were engaged as
claim agents. It is no disrespect to them, I re-
peat, in refusing them admittance to this Hall.
They are not public functionaries. If they are
to be admitted, I see 110 reasons why any others of
the private citizens of the United States should
not be admitted upon this floor. I have a recol-
lection, as I have no doubt other members have,
that I represent a constituency, and that among
them there are eminent and worthy private citi-
zens as much entitled by merit to the privilege of
the floor as any ex-members of Congress, I be-
lieve that ex-members of Congress have been an
annoyance to members of Congress when enti-
tled to the privilege of the floor. Therefore it is
that I hope the amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I concur in the
argument of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Harris,] in favor of the admission of ex-mem-
bers, but disagree with him in his objection to
my amendment proposing to exclude from admis-
sion to the floor ex-members who are prosecuting
claims before this House or the Senate. I would
not counsel—for it would be a sort of compulsion
—those who have claims here to employ none but
ex-members of Congress; and the result certainly
would be, if there were no restriction, that none
but ex-members would be retained to prosecute
claims before Congress.
Mr. WHITELEY. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio how the Dooikeeper is to ascertain, when
an ex-member of Congress asks for admission,
whether he is or is not a claim agent?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The Doorkeeper
of the Senate has a book in which every one ap-
plying for admission, and claiming the privilege
of the floor, is required to write his name, to-
gether with the designation of the office or the
title by virtue of which he claims admission; and
a like usage ought to prevail here. It would be a
pledge of honor remaining of record, which no
75
