1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL 0LOBE.
165
and hisses from the Republicans.] I repeat it, sir;
and I have authority to say so; that no Democratic
Representative from Georgia on this floor'will ever
submit to the inauguration of a Black Republican
President. [Renewed applause and hisses.]
Mr. KILGORE. Will the gentleman tell me
how he will prevent it?
Mr. CRAWFORD. Sir, that will be for our-
selves to determine; and we do not propose to
give our enefaies the benefit of the information.
Now I speak for myself, and not for the delega-
tion. We have endeavored for forty years to
settle this question between the North and the
South, and find it impossible. I, therefore, am
without hope in the Union; so are hundreds of
thousands of my countrymen at home. The most
confiding of them all are, sir, for " equality in the
Union or independence out of it;" having lost all
hope of the former, i am for " independence
now, and independence forever."
Mr. BONHAM obtained the floor.
Mr. CLEMENS. Will the gentleman from
South Carolina yield to me for a moment?
Mr. BONHAM. Yes, Kir; for a moment.
Mr. CLEMENS. I make now the same sug-
gestion that I made before, and that is, that before
the gentleman from So\uh Carolina proceeds with
his remarks, wc take a vote for Speaker, h there
any objection to iton the otherside of the House?
[Loud cries of "No!" "No!" from the Repub-
lican benches.] Is there any objection to it on
this side? [Cries of "No!5' "No!" from the
Democratic benches.]
Mr. BONHAM. I have no objection to that,
if no other gentleman on this side of the House
objects.
Mr. KEITT. Provided there be a call of the
House first. [Cries of "Agreed!"]
Mr. BONHAM. And provided that 1 shall
have the floor at the conclusion of the ballot.
[Cries ofCertainly!" and " Agreed!" from the
Republican side.]
The CLiERK. If the gentleman yields the
floor for the purpose of allowing a vote to be
taken, he will be entitled to it at the conclusion
of the vote.
Mr. BONHAM. Then I yield with that under-
standing.
Mr. KEITT. ( move that there be a call of
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was accordingly called, and all the
members in the city, not paired o(T, were found to
be present.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, stated that Mr. Jen-
kins had returned home in consequence of a do-
mestic affliction, and had paired off for this week
with Mr. Killijtger, and after that with Mr.
Clark E. Cochrane for four weeks.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, stated that his
colleague, Mr. Morris, being indisposed, he liad
paired off with him for to-day.
Mr. IvILLINGER stated* that he had paired
off with Mr. Jenkins for the rest of this week.
Mr. FENTON stated that Mr. ClaukB. Cocii-
rake had paired off with Mr. Kunkf.t. for the re-
mainder of this week, and with Mr. Jenkins for
four weeks from Monday next.
Mr. MORSE stated that Mr. French had
paired off with Mr. Landrum.
The roll having been called,
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE moved that all further
proceedings under the call be dispensed with.
Mr. KEITT. How many absentees arc there 5
The CLERK. All those gentlemen who have
been heretofore present, and are now absent, are
paired off.
Mr. Joiint Cociirane's motion was agreed to.
FIFTH BALLOT 3?0R SPEAKER.
The House then proceeded to a fifth ballot for
Speaker, with the following result: Whole num-
ber of votes cast, 236; necessary to a choice, 114;
of which—
IVIr. Sherman received 110
Mr. Bocoek  $5
Mi. GiUnei 20
Mr. Iioiaee F. Ciaik  ^2
Mr. Acham   :2
Mr. Brisks  1
Mr. PhcJps-  1
Mr. Kovnolds  1
Mi. Bateler  1
Mr. McQueen  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr Sherman—Messrs. Charles P. Adams. Aldrieh,
Alley, Ashley. Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Bray-
ton, Bufimton, Bnrlnisrume, Buinham, Burroughs, Butter-
field, Campbell, Caiev. Caiter, Case, Colfax, Conlcling,
Oonvin, Co vode, C«rti«,'Ra\vo-<, Delano, Duel!, Dunn, Ed-
jrerfon, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Farnswortli. Fen toil, Ferry,
Foster, Fiank, Gooeli. tiuUi.un, Giow. Gmloy, Hale, Hall,
Ha*km, Ilehmek, Hickman, Hoard, Humphrey, Ilutehins,
Irvine, Junkiti, Francis W. Kolio^, Kenyon, Kilgore, De
WittC. Lcach, Lee, Longnoeker.Tioomis, Lovejoy,Mars-
tun, McKean, McKnight, MePheison, Milhvard, Moor-
head, Moirill, Edward Joy Moms, Morse, Nixon, 01 in,
I'altiici, Pennington, Poiy, Petti?, Porter, Potter, Pottle,
Rice, Christopher llobinson, Kojce, Schwartz, Scranton,
Sedgwick, Somes, Spauldmg, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens,
William Stewart, Stratton, Tappan, Thayei, Theaker,
Tompkins, Train,Tumble, Yandever, Van Wjck, Verree,
Wade, YV.ikhon, Walton, Cadwaladcr C. Washburn,
Ellihu' B Wa^hburne, Israel Washburn, Wells, Wilson,
Windom. Wood, and Woodiuff. t
For Mi. Jiotock—Messrs. Allen, Thomas Andeison,
Aslimoie, Avny, Baiksdalo, Bair, Banetf, Boniiam, Boyce,
Branch, ttiuch, Burnett, John B. Clark, Clemens. Clopton,
Cobb, John Cochrane, Coopet,Cox, James Ciaig, Burton
Craige, Crawford, Cnny, Davidson. Beubcn I)nviV«, pc Jur-
netto, Dnmnick, Edmnndson, English, Florence, Pouke,
Gainett^Gartielk Hamilton, John T. Ilatns, Hawkma,
Hmdmaiij Iloinnm, Houston. Ifowaid, Hushes Jackson,
Jone>, Keitt, Lamar, Lairabco, Leake, Louan, l,iw, Ma-
elay.Chailes I). MaifimElbeit S. Martin, McCleinuiul, Mc-
Queen, Meltae, Mib's, Million. Mont-joinm, Suleuham
Moore, IS'iblaek, Noeil, Pendleton, Peuon, l'help>, Piyoi,
Reagan, James C Bnhm^on. Ratlin, Bust, Scott. Sickles,
Simms, Singleton, William Smith, Stevenson, James A.
Stewart, Stout, Taylor. Thomas, Undeiwood, Vailandig-
ham, WUitclcy, Wmslow, Woodf.on, and Wuaht.
For Mr. Gilmer—Messrs. Green Adams, William C. An-
derson, Botelei, Bouhgny, Brabson, Brigps,' I5rjstow, II.
Winter Davt*, Ethewdge, J. Moinson Haint>, llatton. Hill,
James M. Leach, Mailory, Majnartl, Laban T. Moore,
Nelson. Uuailes, William N. H. Smith, Stokes, Vance, and
Webster.
For Mr. Iloracc F. Clark—Me^rs. Adrain and liisrgs
For Mr. .Admin—Mcssh. John C. Davi> and Reynolds.
Fo) Mr. Jhis'/.s—Mr. Gilmer.
For Mr- Fhc'ps—Mi. Bocoek.
For M) Ilei/nolSi,—Mi IJmaer F Claik.
Foi Mi Holder— Mr. llaideman.
For Mr. McQuccn—Mi. I'ugh.
The votes of Messrs. Haskin, Hickman, and
Schwartz, for Mr. Sherman, wmr leeeivcd with
applause and lussrs from the galleries.
Mr. BONHAM resumed the floor.
Mr. WINSLOW. With the permission of the
gentleman from South Carolina, I move that the
Honsf proceed agmn to vote  rirarocr, tor Speaker,
with the understanding that if the ballot proves
ineffectual, the House will then adjourn, the gen-
tleman from South Carolina having the floor for
to-momnv. [Loud cries of "Agreed !"]
Mr. KOiNTiAM. I have no objection to that,
if it be agreeable to the House.
Mr. Winslow's motion wax agreed to, amid
great applause from the galleries.
SIXTH BALLOT I'Olt SPEAKliK.
The House proceeded to a sixtli ballot for
Speaker, with the following result: Whole num-
ber of votes cast, 226; necessaiy to a choice, 114;
of which—
Mr. Sherman leecived   110 -
Mi Bocoek  P5
Mi. Gilmei  18
Mr. Botelei  4
Mi.  !  2
Mr John G. Dave-  '2
Mr. Adiam  I
Mi. Bsics-!  1
Mi. McQueen  1
Mi. Phelps  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
Mr. Sherman—Mcms. Chailes F. Adam^, Aldiich,
Alley, Ashley, BabMtt, Beale. Bingham, HJajr, Bial^.Hn'n-
ton, Buftinton, Burlhigame, Bumbam, Bmionghs, But-
Leriield, Campbell, Caicy, C.nter, Ca.-e, Colfax, Conkling,
Corwin, Covode, Curtis, Daw e?>. Delano, Ducll, Dunn, Ed-
gerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Farneworth, Feuton, Feny,
Foster, Frank, Gooch, Gtaham, Gio^\-? Giuh'v, Hale, Hall.
Ha^kin, Helmick. Hickman, Hoard,Humphiey,Hutchins,
livine, Junkin, Fianeis W. Kellogg. Kenyon, Kilgore, De-
Witt C. Leach, Lee, JLongnecker, Loomi^, Eoveioy, Jlais-
ton; McKean, McKiught.MePherson.Millward, Moorhead,
Moiiill, Edward Joy Moru<. Moise, Nixon, Ohn, Palmer,
Penmncton, Penv. rettit, Porter. 1'ottei, Pottle, Rice,
Christopher Robinson,v Roycc, Schwaitz, Scranton, Sedg-
wick. Somes, Spauldmg, Spmncr, Stanton, Stevens, Wil-
liam Stewart, Stratton, Tappan. Thayer, Theaker, Tomp-
kmVi'iam,Trimble, Vandovn, Van Wick, Verree, Wade,
Waldion. Walton, Cadwaladcr C Washburn, ElhJm P.
Washbume, Israel Wa&hburn. Wells, Wilson, Window,
Wood, and Woodrufi.
For Mr. Bocock—Messrs. Allen, Thomas L. Andeison,
\shmnre, Avery, Barksdale, Barr, Barrett, Bonham, Boyee,
Bianeh, Bmeli, Burnett, John B. Clark, Clemens, Clopton,
t'obli, John Cochrane, Coopei, Cox, James Ciaig, Burton
fiaige. Ciawibid, Cuirj', Davidson,'Reuben Davi.-., l)eJar-
nette, Dnnmiek, Edmnndson, English, Florence," Fouke,
Gainett. (inrtiell, liamiUon. John T. Harris, JFawkin5,
llmdman, I'ohnnn, Hon ,toi . Howard, Hughes. .Iaelc«-on,
Jones, Keitt, Lamar, Larrabee, Leake, Logan, "Love,Mae-r
lay, Charles D. Martin, Elbert S. Martin, McCleraand,Mc-
Queen, Mcltae, Miles, Millson, Montgomery, Sydenham
Moore, Nibiaek, NoelJ? Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps. Pryor,
Reagan, James C. Iiobmson, Ruffin, Eust, Scott, Sickles,
Simms, Singleton, William Smith, Stevenson, James l(A.
Stewart, Stout, Taylor, Thomas, underwood, Vallandig-
ham, Whiteley, Winslow, Woodson, and Wright.
JFor Mr. Gilmer—Messrs, Green Adams, William C< Ati-
derson^Boteler, Bouligny, ^rabson, Briggs, Bristow, ,H.
Winter Davis, Etheridge, J.,Morrison Harris, Hatton, Hill;
James M. Leach, Nelson, Quarles, William N. H. Smith,
Stokes, Vance, and Webster.
For Mr. Boteler—Messrs, Hardeman, Mailory, Maynard,
and L&ban T. Moore.
For Mr. Reynolds—Messrs, Horace F. Clark and John
G. Davis.
For Mr. John G. Davis—Messrs. Adrain and Riggs.
For Mr. Jidrain—Mr. Reynolds.
For Mr. Briggs—Mr. Gilmer.
For Mr. Mc Queen—Mr. Pugh.
For Mr. Phelps—Mr. Bocock.'
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE moved that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
a quarter before four o'clock p. m.) the House
adjourned.
HOUSE Ofr REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 16, 1859.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. II. J. Cone.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
The CLERK stated the question to be upon the
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Hickman] to amend the record of Friday last, on
which the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Boniiam] was entitled to the floor.
TUB CLERK TO PRESERVE OBDER.
Mr. NIBLACK. With the permission of the
genfleman from South Carolina, I have two reso-
i lutions which I desire to submit for the consider-
ation of the House.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Lot them be read for in-
formation .
The Clerk read the resolutions, as follows:
Resolved, That,, until the organization of this House by
the election of a Speaker, the Clerk of the last House shall
be authorized and empowered to preserve order on the floor
of the House and in the galleries, and as far as possible, for
that purpose, he may exercise the powers devolved on the
Speaker, for the time being, under the rules of the last
House of Representative*.
Resolved, further, That, until the organization of this
House as aforesaid, the Sergeant-at-Armsof the last House
of Representatives is hereby authorized to exercise the or-
dinary powers of lus ofiice for the preservation of order,
under the direction of tile Clerk of the last House of Rep-
resentatives, a--, aforesaid.
Mr. KILGORE. Does that first resolutipn
confer upon the Clerk the power to decide ques-
! tions of order?
Mr. NIBLACK. It studiously avoids any-
thing of that kind.
Mr. KILGORE. Well, I think it ought to.
[Loud cries of " No!" " No!"]
There being no objection to the resolutions,
they were received and agreed to.
TIIE NORTH AND SOUTH.
Mr. BONHAM. Mr. Clerk, wc arc approach-
ing the close of the second week of the session,
without having succeeded in .effecting an organi-
zation of the House. The country has its atten-
tion directed to the proceedings of this body, and
naturally inquires why this branch of the Federal
Legislature cannot organize and proceed with the
ordinary business of legislation ? Gentlemen upon
the opposite side of the House may flatter them-
selves that they appear to a better advantage before
the country than we of this side. They have sp
far, it is true, the plurality in the vote for Speaker;
but, sir, there is a majority of this House who are
unwilling to see placed in that chair an indorser of
the infamous doctrines of the Helper pamphlet.
That majority is willing to submit this question
to the tribunal of public opinion, without fear as
to the result, as to who will be held responsible.
That majority is opposed to the elevation of the
honorable member from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] to
the Speakership, and. they are justified in their
own eyes, and they believe- will be in the eyes of
the country, in resisting, by all fair and lawful
means, the inauguration of a Speaker, who, having
indorsed in blank, refuses, now that he knows
them, to repudiate the treasonable teachings of
Helper's compendium.
Mr. Clerk, the resolution of the honorable mem-
ber from Missouri [Mr. Clark] declares that any
