3074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
Forty-ninth amendment:
Under same head, insert as follows:
For second of twenty installments for keeping in repair
th£ hospital, and pioviding the neccssary medicines and
furniture therefor, per fifth article treaty 16th June, J855,
$300.
Fiftieth amendment:
Under saaie head, insert as follows:
For second ot twenty i installments tor pay of a physician,
per fifth article treaty 16th June, 1855, §1,000.
Fifty-first amendment:
Under same head, insert as follows:
For second of twenty installments for keeping in repair
the buildings required for the various employee, and fur-
nishing necessary furniture therefor, per fifth article treaty
16th June, 1855, §300.
Fifty-second amendment:
Under same head, insert as follows:
For second of twenty installments for the salary of such
person as the confederated bands may select to be their
chief, per fifth article treaty 16th June, 1855, $500.
Fifty-third amendment:
Under the head of " confederated tribes and hands of
Indians in middle Oregon," insert as follows:
For second of five installments of $8,000 for beneficial
objects, at the discretion of the Picsident, per second arti-
cle treaty 25th June, 1655, $8,000.
Fifty-fourth amendment:
Under same head, Insert as follows:
For second of fiiteen installments for pay and subsist-
ence of one larmer, one blacksmith, and one wagon and
plow-maker, per fourth article treaty 35th June, 1855,
$3,500.
Fifty-fifth amendment:
Under same head, insert as follows :
For second ot twenty installments for pay and subnjst-
ence of one physician, one sawyer, one miller, one supei-
intendent ol farming opeiations, and one school teacher,
per fourth article treaty &Hh June, 1855, $5,000.
Fifty-seventh amendment:
Under same head, insert as follows:
For second of twenty installments for payment of salaiy
to the head chief of said contedeiated bands, pei lout thai ti-
de treaty'25th June, 1855, $500.
Fifty-eighth amendment:
Under head of  ' Mold Indians," insert ai follows :
For second often installments loi keeping in repair saw
and flouring mills, and tor the pay of necessary employes,
the benefits of winch to be shaied alike by ali the couicd
crated bands, per second article treaty 21st December, J 855,
$1,500.
Fifty-ninth amendment:.
Under same head, insert as follows:
For second of five installments (in addition to the In-
stallments specified in the treaty of 29th Novembet, 1851,
with the Umpquas and Calapooias of Ump(|ua vnlle\)for
furnishing non and steel and otiier materials for the smith
and tin shop* provided for in said treaty, and for the pay
of the ncccnsdiy mechanics, per second aiticle tieaty SJlst
December, 1855, #1,800.
Sixtieth amendment:
Under same head, inseit as follows :
For second often installments for the pay of a carpenter
and joiner to aid m erecting buildings and making tinmtuio
for said Indians, and to furnish tools in said service, per
second aiticle treaty 2ist December, 1855, $1,000,
Sixty-first amendment:
Under name head, insert as follows :
For second of five installments for the pay of an addi-
tional farmer, per second aiticle tieaty 2Ut December, 1855,
$600.
Sixty-second amendment:
Under the head of " Ciui-nai-elt and (luil-leh-ute In-
dian*," insert a> follows :
For second installment on $25,000 for beneficial objects,
under the direction of the President, per fourth aiticle treaty
1st July, 1855, #2,000.
Sixty-third amendment:
Under same head, insert as follows:
For second of twenty installments for the support of an
agricultural and industrial school, and for pay ot suitable
instructors, per tenth article treaty 1st July, 1855, #2,500.
Sixty-fourth amendment:
Under same head, inseit as follows:
For second of twenty installments for support of smiths'
and carpenters'' shop*, and to piocide the necessity tools
therefor, per tenth ai tide treaty 1st J uly, 1855, #500.
Sixty-fifth amendment:
Under same head, insert as follows
For second of twenty installments for the employment of
a blacksmith, carpenter, and fatmet, and a physician who
shall funmh medicines for the sick, per tenth article treaty
1st July, 1855, §3,000.
Sixty-sixth amendment:
Under the head ofi( S'Klallams," insert as follows :
For second installment on #60,000, under the direction
of the President, per fifth article treaty 2tHh January, 1855,
#5,000
Sixty-seventh amendment:
Under same head, inseit as follows ?
Foi second of twenty installments for the support of an
Agricultural and industrial school, and for pay o'f suitable
teachers, per eleventh article treaty 26th January, 1855,
#2,500.
Sixty-eighth amendment:
Under same head, insert as follows ;
For second of twenty installments for the employment of
a blacksmith, carpenter, farmer, and a physician who shall
furnish medicines for the sick, per eleventh article treaty
26th January, 1855, #3,000.
Seventieth amendment:
Increase the appiopriation two dollars in the following
item of the bill:
For insurance, transportation, and necessary expenses
of the delivery ot annuities and provisions to the Indian
tribes m Mmnesota and Michigan, #20,350 62.
Seventy-first amendment;
Under the head of " miscellaneous," insert as follow? •
For fulfilling the piovisions of the tieaty with the Creek
Indians ot March 24,1830, respecting the oiphan children
of the Creeks, and to be in lieu of the investment of the
same .sum required to be made by the sixth aiticle of the
treaty with the Creeks and Seminolesof August 7, 1856;
the Creeks, by formal act of their council, Having agieed to
exchange funds with said orphan*;, the piocced-> ot who^e
reservations, under the treaty of 1832, were heietotore,
without authority of law, invested and used as a general
school fund among the Creeks; and the said council of the
Creeks, tor and in behalf of the nation and the taid orphans,
having petitioned for such exchange, and for the payment
to said oiphans of their dues, #200,000.
Eighty-second amendment:
Undername head, insert as follows:
For defraying the expenses of the lcmoval and subsist-
ence of the Indian.-; in Oiegon to the reservations theieni,
aiding them in piocurmg then own subsistence, puichasc
of provisions and piesents, compensation of laboreis and
other employes, for the year ending 30th June, 1861,
#25,000.
Eighty-third amendment:
Under head, Invert as follows:
Fot defraying the expenses oftlio lemoval and .«ubsi«tcncc
of the Indians in H'a-hington Tenitoiy to the resei\ut;un
theiein, aiding them in pioeurmg their own sub i-lenee,
purchase of piovisions and piesents, and compensation of
laboters and other employes, fot the year ending 30 th June,
1851, #25,000.
Ninety-second amendment:
Under same head, insert as follow?:
Sr.c. 2. mS>ul he it f Hither cnacted, That nothing contained
in the actto legulatc trade and uiteieourse with the Indian
tribes, apptoved June 30, 1834, or m any act supplemental
theieto, shall he so eonstiued as to inflict any penalty oi
punishment upon any one who, in good faith, shall intio-
duce an.^ wines or spirituous lujuoi s into any Indian coun-
try, only with the intent and puiposeof tian'-porting the
same fiom one State or Tcmtoty to another State or IVi-
ritoiv ot the United States, oi tiom one place to another in
the same State or Teiutory.
The House recede from their disagreement, and
agree to the following amendments of the {Senate:
Seventy-ninth amendment:
I 'nder head o! u miscellaneous,'' niseit as follows :
For the jjeneial incidental expense-} of the Indian service
fn the Teiiitojy <■) [Jiah, piesents of good-*, a<*nculluial
implements, and other useful ai tides, including the tiavel-
lng expenses of the superintendent, agents, ck'ik hire, &c.,
#45,000.
Eightieth amendment:
Undei the same head, insert as follows :
For surveying and mapping four farms and reservations,
#1,200.
Eighty-first amendment:
Under the same head, insert as follows:
Foi the geneial incidental exp"n-es ot the Indian seivice
in Oregon and Wellington, includinginsuianee and tians-
portation of annuities, good<, ami presents, where: no <pe-
eial piovision is made by treaties, and ollice and tiavehng
expenses of the Mipei intend cut, agents, and sub-agents, foi
the > eai ending June 30, 1 trG 1, #35,000.
Eighty-fifth amendment:
Under the same head, m-ert as follows :
Foi insurance, transportation, and the necessary cx
penses of dchvety of annuities, goods, and provisions to
Yakamas, FUtlieads, ami Nc/, Pcices, toi the jcfirs ending
June 30. 1800, and June 30,18G1, #4-2,000.
The House recede "from their disagreement to
the sixty-ninth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same, with the following amend-
ment:
Strike out all after the. word " month,'' inline four, page
17, to and including the woid "supeiintendents," in the
twenty-sixth fine, same page, as follows •
Jlnd provided fiulhcr. That the Secretary of the Interior
is authouzed, at Ins diseieuon, if deemed expedient, to
lease either or all of the reseivations or (aims, foi aieim
of years, io responsible pai ties who may he willing to faun
them and piovide for the support and couiioitof the Indians
thereon, oi who may be biought thetc by the superintend-
ents, tor a sum not execedmg #3.000 per annum, and upon
such patty giving a bond, on such tenns and foi such sum
as the Seereturj may dictate, tor the faithful performance
of Ins contiaet'to support the Indian*, preset ve and return
the Government piopcrty mtiu.-ted to his caie: ~'lnd pro-
vided, further, That the expiess condition of such leasing
is to save the fHoyernmentof thel'inted States from all ex-
pense connected with said reseivations, except the salaiy
of the superintendent of each district: and the lessee is to
icecivc and suppoitall Indians brought to the reseivations
by the superintendents,
The amendment, as amended, would then read:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Interior may divide
the State of California into two Indian districts, and that
the Piesident of the United States, bv and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, shall appoint a supei intending
agent tor each district, at a salary of #3,000 per annum,
who, upon executing a bond upon such terms and in such
sum and-security as the Secretary of the I nterior may pre-
sciibe, shall have under hiscontioj and management, astho
Secretary may prescribe, the Indians and lescrvanons in
their separate respective districts. Each superintendent
may appoint, subject to the confirmation of the Secietary
of the interior, a supervisor for each reservation in his le-
spectivc district, to instruct the Indiana in husbandly, at a
saiarv of #1,800 per annum; and also appoint not exceed-
ing four laborers, to aid such supervisor, at a coiKpensa-
tion not to exceed fifty dollars per month : Jind provided,
further, That all acts or parts of acts m conflict with this
provision be, and are hereby, repealed.
The Senate agree to the amendment of the
House to the seventy-eighth- amendment of the
Senate, as follows:
Strike out the woid u Choctaw" and Insert the word
"Chciokee;" so that the amendment, as amended, would
rend:
For the payment to Spunk or Bull Frog, alias Joseph
Hensoii; the amount of #400 for his valuation of an im-
provement under the Cheiokee treaty ot 1835, in pursuance
of the provision of the twenty-foui tli section of the act of
Match 3, 1855, making appiopiiations fortlie civil and dip-
lomatic expenses of the Government, #400.
The Senate recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the House to the Senate's
ninety-first amendment, and agree to said amend-
ment with an amendment, as follows:
Strike out from said House amendment the words," for
the extinguishment of their title to lands in the legion
aiotmd Pike's Peak."
The amendment, as amended, would then read
as follows:
Foi the purchase and transportation of provisions and
piescnfs, and to meet expense-- necessary m holding a coun-
cil with the Red Lake and Red River Chippewa*, in the
State of Minnesota, foi the extinguishment of their title to
lands in that State, said Indians nunibenne about two
thousand souls, #10,000 : Pronded, That the goods pur-
chased in 185$ for the Yanctmmais band of Siout, the ie-
ception of which was declined by them, may be used in
the negotiations with the said Chippewas ot Red lake and
Red i iver.
For payment to Merit Young for one hundred and forty
thousand ration'! for subsistence furnished to emigiatmg
Pottawatomie*, Chippewas, and Ou.iwjs, in 1852, under a
coutiaet with the Indian Department, and allowed by the
Commissioner of Indian Allan*, £9,GJ5.
For the purchase and U'anspoitation of provisions and
piesents, and to meet expenses nccessaiy m holding a
council with the Arapahoe and Cheyenne Indians south
of the Platte, east of the Rocky Mountains, and north of
the Arkansas river.
The House receded from their disagreement to
the seventy-fourth amendment of the Senate, as
follows:
For purchasing land claims on the general reservation
at Puget Sound, .$*9,000
And agree to the one in the following amend-
ment:
Strike out all of said amendment, and insert in lieu
th^teof, as follows:
To enable the ^ccretaiy of the Interior to pay settleis for
then impiovemcnts on lauds situated within tiie general
reseivations at Puget Sound, the value of which shall be
ascertained under the direction of said Secretary, §9,000.
The House recede from their disagreement to
the eighty-fourth amendment to the Senate, and
agiee lo the same with an amendment, as follows:
Sttike out ail of said amendment, a* follows:
" For payment of impiovemeuts of the Indians wect of
the Cascade mountains, the Nez Peiees, the Flatheads,
the Yakama-. which may have to be abandoned in conse-
quence of certain treaty stipulations with them, and for
Mirveys oi' reservations to winch they aie to be lemoved,
,"555.000 and ntseitin lieu thereof the following:
For suivc\ s of reseivations lor the Nez Perces, Flat-
hcnd , and Yakamas Indians, and the Indians west of tho
Cascade mountains, $15,000.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move that
the House concur in the report of the committee.
1 will state that we have reduced the appropria-
! tions, in the aggregate, over $300,000. I do not
jj know that it is necessary to go into the report m
|j detail; and I call the previous question.
!; Mr. Q,UARLES. I would like to have the
■ amendments fiom which the House recede re-
:| pojted.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee will perceive that this is the unanimous
report of the committee of conference, and, inas-
much as that report cannot be amended, it will be,
perhaps, as well to agree to it at once.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Tho report of the committee of conference was
agreed to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved to reconsidsr the
