2130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
be governed by such rules and regulations for meeting and
passing steamers and other vessels, and for exhibiting and
carrying lights, as shall be prescribed by the board of super-
vising inspectors.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
debate be closed on that amendment.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Let me understand
how the section stands. I find this amendment in
the body of the bill.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I will state to the gentle-
man from New York that, by the amendment of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Moor-
head,] tow-boats and freight-boats have been
entirely stricken out of this bill. I want them
continued in it, _so far as that single provision is
concerned. Therefore I have moved my amend-
ment.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I hope that the gen-
tleman will modify his amendment, so that it will
read: "forexhibiting and carrying lights under the
laws that govern other steam vessels." That will
not leave the matter to be prescribed by the board
of supervising inspectors.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I do not know that I have
any very strong objection to that; but it docs
seem to me that inspectors upon the western wa-
ters would not prescribe the rules that govern
upon the ocean.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think that
the gentleman had better leave the bill as it now
stands.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If the amendment
be adopted, he will then have two or three differ-
ent systems.
Mr.McKNIGHT. There ought to be,perhaps,
great difference in the regulations upon the west-
ern waters and those that prevail upon the ocean.
The board of supervising inspectors will determ-
ine the matter.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If it be in order, I
move to amend by striking out the latter clause
of the amendment, and inserting in lieu thereof
the words, " asgovern other steam vessels." My
reason for that amendment in brief is, that by
leaving the matter to the prescription of the board
of supervising inspectors, you are placing it within
the lange of possibility to have constructed a sep-
arate system of lights and signals upon every
river, or in every supervising district in the land.
There is a gonoral law of signaling, applicable to
vessels upon the ocean as well as upon our inte-
rior waters. It is important that an identical rule
should prevail throughout. If different systems
prevail, there will be no certainty, and therefore
no safety. I wish to avoid that uncertainty, and
to provide for the safety of life by referring all
vessels to the system now prevailing by law. I
have, therefore, mined the amendment striking
out the provision leaving the fixing of the system
to the board of supervising inspectors, and insert-
ing a provision that the vessels upon the inland
waters shall be governed by the same regulations
that govern other steam vessels in this respect.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Does the gentleman from
New York, who has so much experience m mari-
time and commercial matters, actually believe that
the regulations and rules prescribed "lor the meet-
ing and passing of vessels upon the ocean should
be adopted for the government of the little craft
—the tow-boats and freight-boats—of the western
waters? I understand now that they have a dif-
ferent number of lights, and that the lights are of
a different color. Wn have little, narrow chan-
nels in the West, and when the water is low there
is scarcely 100111 in the channels for the vessels to
pass. The regulations for oceangoing vessels
would not answer upon the western waters. Every
man in the West knows that. I hope that the gen-
tleman from New York will allow us to put this
provision in here, without interference on his part.
We think that we understand what is best fur our
own waters, while we admit his great familiarity
with the navigation of the ocean and in tide water.
The system the gentleman specifies may answer
for the vessels that navigate the North river and
the ocean, but it will not suit the vessels of our
western rivers.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. We will have, un- !
der the provision offered by the gentleman, if it
become a law, several systems in the harbor of
New York, Vessels tiaverse those waters day
and night. The amendment will lead to interm-
inableand inextricable confusion. The ferry-boat
will pass in one direction and sailing vessels will
pass in another direction. There will be different
rules and regulations. I do not see how that dif-
ficulty can be avoided, unless we adopt one system
to prevail all over the country.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I insist on
my motion that debate be closed on this amend-
ment.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and it was rejected; and the
amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I move to strike out ferry
boats from the first section.
Mr. Speaker, before speaking to that amend-
ment, I wish to suggest that it has been stated
several times this morning that the chairman of
the Committee on Commerce will, after we have
passed through the amendments, move a substi-
tute for this bill, which it is supposed will be ac-
ceptable to a majority of the House; and I would
inquire whether it would not be better, before we
occupy any more time in discussing amendments
to the bill, to have that substitute before us? We
had some experience in regaid to amendments
and substitutes in the case of the tariff. In that
case, this House spent two days in amending the
bill, and then a substitute was proposed, and a
substitute for the substitute; so that the result was,
that the amendments made in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union were en-
tirely cut off. The two days' work of the House
was thus set at naught. Many of the amend-
ments to the original bill were passed by without
the slightest respect.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. lean relieve
the anxiety of my friend from New York. I have
no doubt that I will agree to the amendments that
the House will adopt. I will embody in my sub-
stitute the amendments already adopted. I will
state that, in the amendment in the way of a sub-
stitute that I shall offer, I will embrace the amend-
ments that are made to this bill.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I would again suggest
whether it would not save the time of this House
if the chairman of the committee will now inform
us what substitute he proposes ultimately to offer
for the bill, so that we may notconsume our time
in useless debate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not pro-
pose any alteration of this section of the bill.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to say to the
gentleman from New York* and to the House,
that it is very evident that this bill had not been
well considered by the Committee on Commerce;
and, m fact, I have heard it stated by some mem-
ber of that committee, that the gentleman from
Illinois was permitted by the Committee on Com-
merce to draft the bill himself and report it to the
House, and to that extent he had the authority of
the committee to bring this bill before the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will say a
word to the gentleman from Georgia in reference
to the manner in which this bill has been consid-
ered.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I have not yet reached
the point I desired to make. I propose to submit
to the chairman of the Committee on Commerce,
as well as to the gentleman from New York, that,
as the fact which I have stated is true, it is, per-
haps, best that this bill should be recommitted to
the Committee on Commerce; and under the sug-
gestion which has just been made by the gentle-
man from New York, I have no doubt he will
concur with me in that opinion. By recommitting
the bill, the committee can have an opportunity
to bring in a substitute such as they will be able
to agree upon m the committee. That will save
time in the House. As we are now discussing
this bill it will consume two or three days to go
through with it. I think it would be decidedly
the better couisc if the chairman of the committee
: would agree to this arrangement, and allow the
j bill to be recommitted to the committee, when
j they enn examine the bill by clauses and agree
> upon some substitute to bring before the House,
| thereby saving valuable time which will otherwise
j be consumed; for we certainly gain nothing by
i going through this bill in this way, when we
i know that a substitute will be offered for the bill
j when we have amended this.
I Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the sug-
: geslion of the gentleman from GeoYgia is fol-
i lowed out, that will be the end of this bill; and j
I must say I do not think it is exactly in accord-
ance with the understanding which was had when
this bill was postponed several weeks ago. I un-
dertake to say that there never has been a bill
more thoroughly considered for the last three
sessions of Congress than this bill has been. It
has been considered by the Committee on Com-
merce of both Houses, in conjunction with the
Secretary of the Treasury and the board of su-
pervising inspectors.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The Secretary of tho
Treasury is not in favor of the passage of this
bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
know whether he is or not. The Committee on
Commerce was in consultation with the former
Secretary of the Treasury, and there has never
been a bill more thoroughly and faithfully con-
sidered than this; and if we are ever to pass a
steamboat bill, now is the time. Suppose the
suggestion of the gentleman from Georgia be
adopted, and this bill is recommitted to the com-
mittee: the committee will never have the oppor-
tunity to report it again during this Congress;
and if we should be able to report it, there will
still be the same objection to it that there is now.
I understand that this bill has the general appro-
bation of the Committee on Commerce, but that
individual members of the committee reserved to
themselves the right to move certain amendments.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask the gentleman
whether or not the Committee on Commerce did
actually, with him, consider this bill clause by
clause, and section by section ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man knows very well that it is improper to state
what took place in committee. I tell the gentle-
man that the bill was considered by thecommittcc.
Mr. CRAWFORD. One member of the com-
mittee said it had not been considered in commit-
tee; and it was in reference to that that I made
my remark.
Mr. TOMPKINS. I call the gentleman to
Older.
The SPEAKER- Debate is out of order, if it
is objected to. It has only been allowed by
unanimous consent,
Mr. HUMPHREY. I have no objection, if it
meet the views of the House, that discussion upon
this bill should cease for the present; that it
should he recommitted, with She understanding
that the committee shall have leave to report at
any time, to obviate the difficulty suggested by
the chairman. If the House does not accept that
suggestion, we must go on and perfect the bill as
well as we can.
In reference to the amendment which I have
offered, I have to say,,that although. by the amend-
ment submitted by the gentleman from North
Carolina to this section,ail these feriy-boats that
ply upon waters withm a State are to be ulti-
mately excepted from the provisions of this sec-
tion; yet, so far as these provisions are onerous
upon ferry-boats which ply from one State to
another, any one at all conversant with this mat-
ter must be perfectly aware that to subject ferry-
boats to precisely the same system of rules to
which ocean steamers and river craft plying on
long routes are subjected, by the original bill of
1852, to which this is an amendment, is perfectly
absurd. It is utterly impossible to establish the
same system of lights; it is impossible to subject
them to the same rules m reference to certificates,
and licensing then\engineers and pilots, without
imposing the greatest hardships and burdens upon
those who conduct this business. Nor is it at all
necessary; and I wish in this connection to eall the
attention of the House to some facts in reference
to the largest ferry, so iar as numbers of passen-
gers are concerned, upon this continent, for the
purpose of showing that the public necessity, or
the preservation of the lives of passengers, does
not call imperatively for a provision of this kind.
Upon one system of ferries—the Union Ferry,
plying between New York and Brooklyn—the
number of passengers which pass over it in the
course of one year is such as will stagger the belief
ofgentlemen here. The number ofpassengers who
pass over that system of ferries—consisting of five
ferries—in one year is twenty-five million persons.
These ferries have been in operation from 1839
up to the present time, and there have been but two
deaths resulting upon those boats from the carry-
ing that immense number of passengers. One of
