1186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
one but those entitled to the privilege would ven-
ture to give. " . „ ,
Mr. RUFFIN. That was the practice of the
House when we were in the old Hall.
Mr: MILLSON. Mr. Chairman, I differ with
ray friend from South Carolina, [Mr. McQueen,]
and I favor the amendment of the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Harris.] The number of ex-
members present in this eity, at any one time, is
always very small; and, during the many years
that they have been entitled to the courtesies ex-
tended to them under our former rules, I have
never known any practical inconvenience to re-
sult. Besides, their presence here is not alto-
gether a matter of courtesy. A gentleman, con-
nected for many years with the legislation of the
country, is sometimes competent to give the House
useful information upon past subjects of legisla-
tion, which may be raised and discussed at the
time he is present. I am, therefore, in favor of
the proposition; and I confess that, unlike my
friend from Ohio, [Mr. Vallandigham,] I am
not reluctant to hear suggestions from ex-mem-
bers of Congress, whether they are the agents of
claims intrusted to them or not; for I have no
fear that I shall be led astray by any incorrect
statements that they may make. One thing, sir,
I would greatly prefer. I would be glad to suffer
the annoyance of being talked to by them upon
the floor, if it be an annoyance, rather than to be
frequently compelled, as I am now, .to go out of
the House to near their representations, and in
that way to absent myself when the business of
the House is going on.
Mr. FLORENCE. Mr. Chairman, I differ
with the gentleman from South Carolina in the
conclusions at which he arrives, and I believe that
the courtesy of this House ought to bo extended
to ex-members of Congress in this city. The
inconvenience to which the gentleman refers was
enhanced by reason that in the old Hall rat which
time the complaints were made alluded to, gentle-
men here, as correspondents and reporters of
'newspapers throughout the country, were allowed
to occupy seats upon the floor of the House. It fre-
quently happened that those gentlemen, as well as
the ex-members of Congress here, were interested
in the legislation that was going on before us.
They, I knpw it was claimed, were the source of
much trouble and annoyance to members.
Mr. McCtUEEN. They had desks assigned
them outside of the bar of the House, and when
they passed the bar of the House and came in
amongst the members, it was considered an intru-
sion, and that they had exceeded the privilege
conferred upon them.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am aware of that. .Those
fentlemen informed themselves upon the subjects
efore the House, became interested m them, and,
as was alleged, gave much trouble and anoyance
to members by their importunities. In this Hall
we avoid the necessity of having them upon the
floor. Correspondents and reporters for the news-
paper press of the country have a,gallery assigned
them, which I understand is acceptable to them.
I objected, at the time, to putting them in that
gallery, as will be remembered by those who were
then here. I now,however, understand that they
are satisfied with their accommodations. I only
refer to the matter now to show that the annoy-
ance of which members complained did not arise
altogether from ex-members of Congress.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vallandigham]
refers to the practice of the Senate in keeping a
book, wherein are entered the names of those who
claim the privilege of the floor of the Senate, and
the office which gives them the right to make that
claim. That same practice existed in the House
when we occupied the old Hall, and I do not know
why it has been done away with. Those who
came upon the floor were compelled to say, before
they were admitted, that they were in nowise con-
cerned in pressing claims before Congress.
Mr. McdUEEN. Right here, by the permis-
sion of my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Flor-
ence,] let me inquire if he did nothear from day
to day, week to week, and month to month, that
former members of this House were here as claim
agents, pressing claims upon the attention of this
House ?
Mr. FLORENCE. It was a subject of general
remark, I believe. But the difficulty would be
obviated if the provision suggested by the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Vallandigham] is added
to the amendment proposed bythe gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Harris.] The gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Millson] very properly remarked
that there were butfew ex-members of Congress at
arry one time during the session of Congress pres-
ent in this city. That is true, except, perhaps, it
be with regard to gentlemen who come here to
prosecute claims before the House. But will any
person tell me that those persons are not as well
known as any other habitues of Washington ?
Let an ex-member of Congress—I was going to
say, prostitute himself to such base purposes—
let an ex-member of Congress come here to per-
form this business of lobbying claims through
Congress, and the stench of fire will be upon his
garments, and no purification will cleanse his skirts
of the odium that I think should attach to such a
person. He can be pointed out; he is known to
everybody; he is buttftn-holed and button-holed
all the time by those desirous to secure his ser-
vices; and if we adopt the provision suggested
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vallandig-
ham,] he would not dare to obtrude himself m the
presence of honest and virtuous gentlemen. I
would propose to amend by inserting 
The CHAIRMAN. There is already an amend-
ment to an amendment pending.
Mr. FLORENCE. I would suggest that the
words "diplomatic corps" be inserted in this
amendment.
A Member. " Foreign ministers."
Mr. FLORENCE. They are known as the
" diplomatic corps."
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would sug-
gest to the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Florence] that he allow the vote to be taken upon
this amendment, and then he can offer the one he
indicates.
Mr. FLORENCE. I would say that members
often have business for their constituents with the
diplomatic corps resident in ^Vashington, and
they cannot have that means of intercourse with
them that they desire if they are confined to the
gallery allotted to them;forit is often the case that,
with a person occupied as I am, it is difficult to
find them at their offices, when my time allows
me to call upon them there.
Mr. GROW. I would inquire of the Chair
if the gentleman from Ohio [Mi-.Vallandigham]
offered his amendment as a substitute for the
amendment of the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Harris .']
The CHAIRMAN. So the Chair understands.
Mr. GROW. I understand that my colleague
[Mr. Florence] moves now to strike out and
insert certain words.
Mr. FLORENCE. My colleague is mistaken.
I make no such motion.
Mr. GROW. Then I will move to strike out
of the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Vallandigham] the words "ex-members
of Congress," &c., and insert the words "for-
eign ministers,"so that it will stand: " members
elect to the Senate and House of Representatives,
foreign ministers," &c.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Let us dispose
of this question in reference to members elect of
the Senate and House of Representatives, and
then go on with the other.
Mr. GROW. That is what I wish to get at
now. As I understand the question, the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Vallandigham] proposes a
substitute for the amendment of the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. H arris .] I propose to strike
out of the substitute the words "ex-members of
Congress," and to insert after the words " mem-
bers elect to the Senate and House of Represent-
atives" the words "foreign ministers." That
will decide whether this House is willing to ad-
mit upon this floor ex-members or not. Or, I will
modify my amendment, and simply propose to
strike out the words " ex-members ofCongrcss."
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand the Committee
on the Rules to have reported sundry amend-
ments to the rules, and their amendments are now
before us as amendments.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that the
amendments reported by the Committee on the
Rules are the text upon which subsequent amend-
ments are predicated.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that the com-
mittee have reported back the whole body of the
rules, with theiramendments;and thebouy of the
rules, I take it, constitute the text, and the amend-
ments proposed by them constitute amendments
in the first degree. The. whole body of the rules
arc necessarily before us now in Committee of
the Whole, and they constitute the foundation
upon which we propose to build.
The CHAIRMAN.. The Chair considers the
report of the committee as the subject upon which
the Committee of the Whole is now acting. They
did not report back the rules, but reported back
certain amendments to be incorporated into the
rules. The amendments reported by the com-
mittee are the text upon which subsequent amend-
ments are to be predicated; and amendments are
in order, as the Chair holds, to the second degree.
The question is now upon the motion of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow,] to strike
out from the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Vallandigham] the words " ex-mem-
bers of Congress."
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like to have the
amendments reported to the committee, so that
we could understand them.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee propose
to change rule 17 of the House, by inserting after
the woid " States," in the fourth line, the words
"and of the Court of Claims;" so that it will
read:
No person, except members of the Senate, their Secre-
tary, heads of Departments, President's Private Secretary,
the Governor for the time being of any State, and judges of
the Supreme Court of the United State? and of the Court
of Claims, shall be admitted within the Hall of the House
of Repiesentativcs.
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Harris]
proposes to amend, by inserting after the words
" members of the Senate" the words " members
of previous Congresses." For the amendment of
the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Harris] the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vallandigham] pro-
poses to substitute " Senators and members elect,-
and ex-members of the House not prosecuting
claims personally, or as agents, before Congress."
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow]
moves to amend the substitute, by striking out
the words " ex-members of the House not prose-
cuting claims personally, or as agents, before Con-
gress."
Mr. MAYNARD. In common with the rest
of the House, I am somewhat interested in this
question, expecting, if I live as long as I hope I
may, to be an ex-member of Congress. During
the hist Congress, I offered a proposition similar
to the one now submitted by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Vallandigham,] to amend the rules.
This rule which we now propose to amend is a
rule that was adopted for the first time, as I un-
derstand the history of it, by the House when
they took possession of the new Hall some two
years ago. Not long after that rule had been
adopted an incident occurred, that came to my no-
tice, of such a character as led me to introduce the
proposition I have referred to. That incident was
this: a gentleman from the State of Virginia, of
very high character and great personal dignity—
a very aged man—who had been at one time in
his life a conspicuous member of this body, since
deceased — I refer to the late Charles Fenton
Mercer—came to this city. On being informed
that the House of Representatives had taken pos-
session of their new Hall, he expressed a desire
to a friend to see this body in its new place of
session. He came with a friend up here to the
front door, and was theremet by asub-doorlteeper,
who closed the door in his face and sent him up
to the gallery. This occurred but a short time
before his death. I was also informed of another
incident which occurred during the last session of
Congress. One of the first men of the country—
so acknowledged by general consent, and hon-
ored in various ways by both Houses of Con-
gress—I refer to General Scott—came here and
sought admission into the Hall. He also was
sent up into the gallery to look on. I know that,
as a matter of fact, ex-members of Congress very
seldom return to this city.
Mr. McClUEEN. If my knowledge is correct,
the adoption of the rule advocated by the gentle-
man from Tennessee would not relieve General
Scott. I do not think lie ever was a member of
Congress.
Mr. MAYNARD. I was stating the effect of
the recent change of the rule, and the necessity
which exists for revising it, so as to avoid such
results. I referred to General Scott as one who
would have been entitled to come in under our
