1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1187
former rule, being an individual who has received
the thanks of Congress.
I was saying that, as a matter of fact, ex-mem-
bers of Congress seldom return to this city. They
come occasionally, and when they do so, itis very
grateful to be permitted to mingle with their old
associates, and this Hall is the only place where
they can well do so.
I should prefer that the amendment should not
exclude those who might be acting for the time
being as claim agents, but that is a small matter,
affecting comparatively few gentlemen. It will
operate almost entirely for the convenience of
those who, from distant portions of the country,
visit this city once, perhaps, in five or ten years.
When they come here they find it very agreeable',
desirable even, to come into the Hall and sit a
few minutes, or perhaps an hour. Admit them;
the rule would not probably apply to more than
twenty-five or thirty persons during a session—
not exceeding fifty, I am sure. By excluding
them, in variance with ancient usage, we commit
an ungracious act of inhospitality towards our
predecessors, without deriving from it any com-
pensating advantage.
Mr. BRANCH. I do not propose to give the
committee the benefit of any of my advice to-day
upon the amendment of the.rules. I see in these
proposed amendments a good deaj that is good;
and I have not been able to find anything at all
objectionable. I hope they will be adopted.
But I desire to remind the committee that we
have already spent three hours, and have not yet
got through the third amendment proposed by
the committee. There are thirty-eight amend-
ments m all; and if we go on discussing them in
this way, it will take at least ten days of the ses-
sion, sitting four hours a day, to dispose of them.
I would like to talk about some of them myself.
The rules are an interesting subject to gentlemen
upon this floor. "We like to make points of order,
and discuss them. But I intend to refrain entirely
from discussing any of them, because 1 consider
it desirable that they should be adopted; and un-
less gentlemen practice some self-denial, and allow
them to be acted upon without debate, we shall
waste a great deal of time. I suggest to the
chairman of the committee that, unless the Com-
mittee of the Whole House shall evince a dispo-
sition to pursue such a course, he shall move
that the committee rise for the purpose of going
into the House, and closing debate upon the
amendments.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I am much
obliged to the gentleman from North Carolina
for the suggestion he lias made. I was about to
call the attention of the committee to the fact that
it will be necessary to refrain from these lengthy
discussions, if we hope to pass upon these amend-
ments.
I have no doubt that every gentleman here un-
derstands perfectly this question as to the admis-
sion of ex-members of Congress and foreign min-
isters upon the floor of this House, and is just
as well prepared to ^ote upon it now as he ever
will be. I hope we shall be permitted to come to
a vote immediately.
The question was taken upon the motion of
Mr. Grow to strike out from the substitute of-
fered by Mr. Vallandigham the words "ex-
members of Congress," &c.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the substitute of-
fered by Mr. Vallandigham for the amendment
of Mr. Harris, of Maryland.
Mr. WHITELEY. Is it in order to add " de-
feated candidates for Congress?" I think if a man
cannot get in here upon a certificate, he ought to
be permitted to come in by courtesy.
The CHAIRMAN. Such an amendment is
in order.
Mr.GARNETT. Iwouldsuggestalso, "mem-
bers of the Baltimore, Cincinnati, and Chicago
conventions, and all candidates for the Presiden-
cy." [Laughter.]
Mr. BOCOCK. I call for tellers upon the sub-
stitute. .
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris ot
Maryland, and Branch, were appointed. _
Mr. GI-ROW. Before the vote is taken, I desire
to inquire if foreign ministers are included in the
substitute as it stands?
The CHAIRMAN. They are not._
Mr. GROW. I hope they will be inserted m
the substitute; for if itis to be adopted, they ought
to be included.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 72, noes 53.
So the substitute was adopted.
The question recurred upon the amendment of
Mr. Harris, of Maryland, as amended.
Mr. GROW. Now I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the -House to insert the words " foreign
ministers" after the words "Private Secretary."
They should be allowed the privilege, if it is ex-
tended to other persons.
No objection being made, the words " foreign
ministers" were inserted.
The amendment of Mr. Harris, of Maryland,
as amended, was agreed to; and the amendment
of the committee, as thus amended, was adopted.
•Fifth amendment:
Strike out rule 21. (Provided for by proposed amend-
ment to rale 14.)
The amendment was agreed to.
Sixth amendment:
Amend rule 22, by adding at the end thereof the follow-
ing, viz: "And all busiuess before committees of the House
at theendofone ses-ion shall be resumed at the commence-
ment of the next session of the same Congress, as if no
adjournment had taken placeso that it will read:
After six days fiora the commencement of a second or
subsequent session of any Congress, all bills, resolutions,
and reports, which originated in the House, and at the close
of the next pieceding session remained undetermined, shall
be le^umcd and acted on m the same manner as if an ad-
journment had not taken place; and all business before
committees of the House at the end of one session shall be
resumed at the commencement of the next session of the
same Congress, as if no adjournment had taken place.
The amendment was agreed to.
Seventh amendment:
Strike out all of rule 23, and insert in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing .*
As soon as the Journal is read, and the unfinished busi-
ness m which the House was engaged at the last preceding
adjoin nmenthas been disposed of, reports from committees
shall be called for and disposed of—in doing winch, the
Speaker shall call upon each standing committee in their
regular ordti. and then upon select committees; and if the
Speaker shall not get through the call upon the committees
before the Ilou^e passes to othci business, he shall resume
the next call wheie ho left oft", giving preterencc to the re-
port last under consideiation: Pioi-ided, That whenever
any committee shall have occupied the morning hour on
two day*, it shall not be in order for such committee to
lcpoit further until the otliei committees shall have been
called in their turn. On the call lor lepoits from commit-
tees on each alternate Monday, which shall cotmncnce as
soon as the Journal is read, all bills lepoited during the first
hour after the Journal is read shall be committed, without
debate, to the Committee of the Whole, and, together with
tiieir accompanying reports, punted; and it, during the
hour, all the committees aic not called, then, on the next
alternate Monday, the Speaker shall commence where such
call was suspended: Provided, That no hill reported under
the call on ..Iternate Mondays, and commuted, shall be
again brought before the Hou*e by a motion to reconsider.
Mr.McKNIGHT. Imovetoamcndtheamend-
ment by striking out the word "their" before
"regular order," in the fifth line. It is super-
fluous and ungrammatical.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to. ,,i
The seventh amendment, as amended, was then
agreed to.
Mr. OLIN. I wish to propose an amendment
to the 24th rule, winch I desire the Clerk to read.
I suppose it will come in in order here.
Mr. JNTOELL. I rise to a question of order.
It is, that it is not in order to offer an amendment
to any rule which is not included in the report of
the committee.
Mr. OLIN. We are passing over the rules,
and have now reached the 24th rule.
The CHAJRMAN. The Chair supposes that,
in fact, the rules of the House are not before the
Committee of the Whole; that we are acting upon
the report of the committee, which only brings
before the Committee of the Whole those rules to
which amendments are reported. The amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York will prob-
ably be in order, as an amendment by way ot
addition to any one of the amendments reported
by the committee.
Mr. OLIN. The amendment I propose only
has application to the 24th rule of the House.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the Chair would sug-
gest that, perhaps, the gentleman had better reserve
Ris amendment until the Committee of the Whole
has gone through with the amendments of the
committee, and then it is believed that it will,be
in order to offer any other amendments in addition
to the amendments reported by the committee.
Eighth amendment:
Amend rule 25 by striking out the words " of Wiscon
sin," and inserting in lieu thereof the woids, " last organ-
ized ;>} so j.hat it will read:
Reports from committees having been presented and
disposed of, the Speaker shall call for resolutions from the
members of each State and Delegates from each Territory,
beginning with Maine and the Territory last organized -
alternately, &e.
The amendment was agreed to. f-
Ninth amendment:
Amend rule 26, by inserting before the word " resolu-
tions," in the first and seventh lines, the words "bills on
leave andand by adding at the end of the words," and
the Speaker shall hrst call the States and Territories for bills
on leave; and all bills so introduced during the first hour
after the Journalis read shall be referred, without tlebate,
to their appropriate committees: Provided,however, That
a bill so introduced and referred shall not be brought back
into the House upon a motion to reconsider;" so that it will
read:
All the States and Territories shall be called for Bills on
leave and resolutions on each alternate Monday during each
session of Congress; and, if necessary to secure the object
on said days, all resolutions which shall give rise to debate
shall lie over for discussion, under the rules of the House
already established; and the whole of said days shall be ap-
propriated to bills on leave and resolutions, until all the
States are called through. And the Speaker shall first call
the States and Teiritories for bills on leave ; and all bills
so introduced during the first hour after the Journal is read
shall be referred, without debate, to their appropriate com-
mittees : Provided, however, That a bill so introduced and
referred shall not be brought back into the House upon a
motion to reconsider.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tenth amendment:
Amend rule 30, by inserting after the word " Friday" the
words®*' and Satuidayand by adding at the end of the
rule, " but when a bill is again reached, after having been
once objected to, the committee shall consider and dispose
of the same, unless it shall again be objected to by at least
five members so that it will read:
On the fii st and fourth Friday and Saturday of each
month, the Calendar of private bills shall be called over, 0
(the chairman of the Committee of the Whole House com-
mencing the call where he left off the previous day,) and
the bills to the passage of which no objection shall then be
made shall be first considered and disposed of j but when a
bill is again reached, after having been once objected to,
the committee shall consider and dispose of the same, un-
less it shall bo again objected to by at least five members.
The amendment was agreed to.
Eleventh amendment:
Amend lule 34, by adding at the end thereof the words,
« Provided further, That the Hou«e may, by the vote of a
majority of the members present, at any time afterfive min-
utes' debate has taken place upon proposed amendments to
any section of a bill, close all debate upon such section;" .
so that it will read:
No member than occupy more than one hour in debate
on any question, iu the House or in committee ; but a mem-
ber reporting the measure under consideration from a com-
mittee may open and close the debate: Provided, That
where debate is closed by order of the House, any member
shall be allowed, in committee, five minutes to explain any
amendment he may offer—December 18,1847—after which
any memberwho shall first obtain the floor shall be allowed
to speak five minutes in opposition to it, and there shall be
no further debate on the amendment; but the same privi-
lege of debate shall be allowed in favor of and against any
amendment that may be offered to the amendment; and
neither the amendment nor an amendment to the amend-
ment shall be withdrawn by the mover thereof, unless by
the unanimous consent of the committee.—August 14,1850:
Provided further, That the Hou->e may, at any time after
five minutes' debatehas taken place upon proposed amend-
ments to any section ot a bill, close all debate upon such
section.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move to amend,
by offering the following proviso:
Provided further, That the limitation of debate to one
hour  l all apply only to speeches read by members in the
House or in committee.
Mr. MILLSON. As that may preclude an
amendment which I have to offer, I ask the gentle-
man to allow me to move to amend the preceding-
clause. I understand the rule to be, that after a
new provision is added to the clause, it will be too
late to amend the clause itself.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes it will
be in order to amend the clause if the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio shall be added to it.
Mr. BOCOCK. I rise to a question of order.
I merely wish to state the usage in relation to such
matters. When a member rises and moves to add
to a section, and another member rises and moves
to amend the body of the section, the latter motion
takes precedence. In this instance, the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia must be first
stated, and that of the gentleman from Ohio after-
wards. *,
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair had supposed
that the rule was different, but does not know
that it is a matter of any importance
He had
Ulvlk it Its tl iXJCVV-lCi VA V.IIJ    ,
supposed that a section was open to debate ana
