1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
167
days rooked upon with great horror; but gentle-
men have not kept pace with the progress of the
times, and disunion is not now the bugbear that
it once was. The honorable member from Ten-
nessee says, "when I talk about the Union,J
speak of the larger idea," and seems to look urfon
the Union as of more importance than the Con-
stitution and the other rights which that Con-
stitution was adopted to"" secure. The Union
was not the only object of the Constitution. The
Constitution was adopted " to form a more pcrfect
union; to establish justice; to secure domestic tran-
quillity; to provide for the common defense; to
promote the general welfare; and to secure the
blessings of liberty to ourselves and our pos-
terity." Five other objects, besides the forma-
tion of a more perfect Union, were in contempla-
tion; and ali of these we have a right to expect to
be secured.
The Union the larger idea ? Does that embrace
all the rest? Ch, rather, is not the Constitution
the larger idea? For myself, 1 look upon these
other objects as of greater importance than the
preservation of the Union. The preservation of
the Constitution I repaid as of more importance
than the Union; and I believe that that sentiment
is the sentiment of the State which I have the
honor, in part, to represent. 1 have heard so much
on the subject of union and treason, m this Hall
and from the Union meetings in the commercial
cities of Boston, New York, and Philadelphia,
now that recent events arc seriously affecting; the
course of trade, that I am forcibly reminded of
the remark made by a distinguished statesman of
the South, who sail}, on a similar occasion:
" When T hear a northern man singing the praises of the
Union, methmk.s I hear the bugle blast of the robber hand;
but when I hear a southern man shoutm? ho^iniuH to that
^lonous Union, I miuIF treason in the tainted gale."
There is a treason now known to the South greater
than the treason of disunion, and that is treason to
the South itself, and her constitutional rights.
Gentlemen from the North talk of forcing us
back into the Union; and the honorable mem-
ber from Pennsylvania [Mr. Hickman] speaks
of the numerical power of the North being suf-
ficient to compel us to remain in the Union. Sir,
whenever force is found necessary or expedient,
the Union no longer exists; and*as to disunion,
upon the election of a Black Republican, I can
speak for no one but myself and those I have
here the honor to represent, and 1 say, without
hesitation, that upon the election of Mr. Seward,
or any other man who indorses^and proclaims the
doctrines held by him and his party—call him
by what name you please—I am in favor of an
immediate dissolution of the Union. Anu, sir, I
think I speak the sentiments of my own constit-
uents, and the State of South Carolina, when I
say so.
The honorable member from Tennessee seems
to place the extiemists of the South, and the ex-
tremists of the North, as he calls them, in the
same category, and censures them alike for the
introduction of this slavery discussion. I ask if
he does not anticipate rebuke from his own people
for the injustice that he does to the Representatives
of the South'1 Does lie suppose that the people
of the South will hold us responsible for the agi-
tation of this question? Who began it' Who
brought it upon us* Are we to be blamed for re-
sisting the election of a man who conn s to as all
coveied over and recking with the pollutions of
the Helper compendium, and asking to be ele-
vated by this House to this place of power > Are
we, of the South, to be put m the same category
with those who propose to impose such a man upon
us? I hope that honorable member will retrace
that stepf and place the blame where it belongs.
I feel that ho and I arc engaged in a common cause
for the defense of the rights of the South. It is
unjust to consul e members fiom the South for in-
troducing a lesolution to countcract the influence
of the doctrincs of the Helper compendium, and
to defeat its representative. Perhaps the honora-
ble member—as many have honestly done in times
past, and, perhaps, some now—looks upon sla-
very as a " social, moral, and political evil," and i
that in avowing that " he owns a few slaves,"and
is "not ashamed to say so here," he means to
indicate, that although we have the institution,
and he will defend it, he is not prepared to say it
is not " a moral, social, and political evil."
Sir, after the utterance of such sentiments com-
; ing from the South, I feel it my duty to say here
that I not only do not look upon it as a "moral,
social, and political evil," but that I look upon it
as a "moral, social, and political" blessing and
good; a blessing to the block man; a blessing to
the white man; it improves the condition of the
one, and elevates the tone of the other; it is an
institution which has been transmitted to us by
our ancestoi-s, one which we intend to preserve,
and one which we will preserve in the Union or
out of it against all the power which you can bring
to bear against us, peaceable or forcible, or we
will perish in the attempt. Like the honorable
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Nelson,] "I
own a few slaves,'5 and, as my friend behind me,
[Mi*.Keitt,] suggests, I wish 1 had more. They
have mainly been inherited from my ancestors,
and, so far from declaring that " I am not ashamed
to say it here," I am proud " to say heie I own
them." At this moment, whilst I am here attend-
ing to the duties confided tome by my constituents,
my family at home are protected by a faithful and
honest slave, and trusted with fire-arms for that
purpose.
It is my pride and boast that I live in a State
where such property is held, and that I am a
slaveholder. And, let me say here to the indorsers
of the Helper compendium, thatfallen you count
upon the non-slaveholders of the South to ovei-
turn that institution, you reckon without your
host. 1 saw it stated, but a few days ago, that in
one of the Virginia companies in service at Har-
per's Ferry, out of someone hundred, there were,
according to my recollection, only five slavehold-
ers. In one of the counties in the district of the
honorable member from Virginia, [Mr. Martin,]
when the news of the Harper's Ferry invasion
reached the county-seat, a meeting was held of only
two hundred, undone hundred and fifty-two of
the two hundred volunteeied their sei vice*, should
they be needed. 1 ask him how many of those
one hundred and fifty-two were slaveholders'1
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia. Five.
Mb. BONHAM Only five out of one hundred
and fifty-two! Sir, the non-slaveholders of'the
South who do not themselves own slaves have
friends and relatives, perhaps, who do. Besides,
they know they have the constitutional right tc
own them when they may inherit or acquire the
mofhs to purchase .them. They have the intelli-
gence, too, to understand that right; and the cour-
age to maintain it. And when you come to excite1
servile insurrection, or to force us back into the
Union, these non-slaveholders, in common with
their brethren, in the language of an honorable
member of this House, once in the Senate, will
welcome your myrmidons "with bloody hands
to hospitable graves." Your sentiment of negro
equality they repudiate with scorn. They know
their own rights, and need not your assistance to
comprehend them.
Mr. Clerk, I have dwelt longeron these points
than I intended when I rose. 3 have but a word
more to say. 1 was pleased with the eloquent zeal
of the honoiable member from Tennessee when,
m the conclusion of his opening speech, lie deliv-
ered his patriotic sentiments, the burden of which
was the Union, although our emotions of patriot-
ism embrace somewhat different objects. His
seem to embrace more exclusnely the Union—
"the mountains, hills, valleys, and stieams"of
the whole country. He says:
" We love our eountiy; wo lo\c itn mountains, if hill.-,
its v.iilo\-«, and its JsfretimO5
And again;
But abovrt all, I tiu-t, vvrt Jove the* elorious I'lnon.''
m , ''Woiov.- tin- plonou < ITmojj, I
I also might love the Constitution and the Union,
as they came from our fathers, if the rights of the
South could be secun d under them. But the con-
viction that this cannot be done has boon forced
upon me by the continued eyaetions and encroach-
ments of an unscrupulous majority. And although
when our common country needs the services of
all her citizens against outside pressure, I can
adopt the sentiment of the gallant, Lawrence when
he said, " My country! may she always bo right;
but right or wrong, my country1" Still first, and
before the North, the East, and the West, I love
the sunny South, with all her cherished institu-
tions and her principles. But the divcrguu-eis
greater still. My patriotism begins with the cra-
dle in which my infant limbs were rooked, with
the cottage in which I fu-st learned to lisp my
mother's name. First, last, and all the tunc, it
leads me to render my homage arid alkgiancc
my native State, South Carolina, agajrist all the
world. These are my principle?, and this my
patriotism. It is a patriotism more likc his of
whom the English poet so beautifully said:
"•Dear is that shed to which hi? ho.ul conforms,
And deai that hi)!, which lifts him to thfc ptormsf
And as a child, when Fearing pounds molest,
Clings close arid closer to the mother^ breast,
So the load torrent and the whirlwind's, roar,,
But bind him to his native mountains more.55
Mr. SIMMSobtained the floor;
Mr. CLEMENS. Before the gentfrman com-
mences his remarks I ask him to yield that a vote
may be taken for Speaker.
Mr. SIMMS. I yield for that purpose if there
be no objection, ana it is at the same time under-
stood that 1 do not yield the floor altogether.
The CLERK. If there be no objection such
will be the understanding.
There was no objection.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move that there be a
call of the House, in order that the Housemay be
full upon the vote for Speaker.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Clerk, the gentleman
from Kentucky has been kind enough to yield to
me that I may make n correction.
I fmd an abstract published in some of the morn-
ing newspapers of remarks made by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Vallandigham,] yesterday,
in which he is reported to have said that I li'ave
declared that any man who had indorsed Helper's
book was not even fit to live. Sir, I never uttered
such a sentiment, nor did the gentleman i¥om
Ohio ever say that I did. What! did say i« upon
j the record of the proceedings of this body. It
would be necessary almost to repeat, my entire
speech were I to undertake to explain what I did
say, and why I said it. This, of course, I will not
do. It is sufficient for me to correct the present
error.
REVISION OF ^SPEECHES.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Mr. Clerk, i rise
for the purpose of correcting this statement, which
I find interpolated by the publisher of the debates
of this House, in the debate of yesterday, pub-
lished in this morning's Globe:
"Mr. VaXtiandigiivm addr^ed the Home an hour and
a quarter, and the report of hh -ccii \va* written out by
om ropoitcr-j, and handed to h.in m the House a few min-
utes after it adjourned. He chum* it to ho his light to
keep it for 'revision' cm lorn: os he iwty think proper to do
iO."
I claim no such thing; but inapmuch asthe res-
olution of the7th of August,184G, gives the right
of " revision " to the speakers who may address
this House or the Semite, I do claim the right to
retain it just so long as may be necessary, fully
and in good faith, to secure that right.
Only two years ago, if 1 am not mistaken, cer-
tainly not much longer, the publisher of the de-
bates of Congiess refused to members this- light
of withholding their manuscript for the purpose
of revision; and I think that refu; al was one of the
chief reasons why the last Coiv^resf refused an
appropriation to pav for the report end printing of
the debates of this House. I have known Mr.
Stephens, of Georgia, a man in comparatively
feeble health, requi.-od to appear in the " hole in
[ the wall''at the Globe office at eleven or twelve
o'clock at night, for the purpose of n hasty and,
so far as accuracy is concerned, an utterly im-
possible revision of remarks which he had mode
m the House. It is very true that the publisher
of the Globe concedes that there may be a rc-
\ision by the member, and that he may have as
much time as he desires for that purpose, making
whatever alterations he may choose to make tor
the Congressional Globe; but, so far as 1 am con-
cerned, I do not intend that he shall have the benefit
of publishing twice, and being paid twice, for sub-
stantially the same matter.
Finding the note which 1 have reud in the re-
port of our proceedings of yt stcrday, I deem it a
math r of justice to myself to say what J have said.
I do not doubt UirU my remarks will meet with
the concurrence of a majority of the members of
this body. I simplv assert that I have the right,
by the resolution of August 7, J846, it of any
force now at all, to the manuscript of what has
