1188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
March 15,
amendment, even after words had been added to
it. The Chair, however, will assign the floor to
the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. MILLSON. The change proposed by the
amendment reported by the committee has long
been a very desirable one. Some years ago, when
a member of the select committee on rules, I re-
ported to the House a proposition intending to
produce the very good result which I think this
amendment will secure; but I suggest to the gen-
tleman from Maine, who reported the amendment,
that, perhaps from inadvertence, there are one or
two words omitted which I think are necessary
to make the amendment useful. I am surprised
at the inadvertence on the part of the gentleman
from Maine, when I call to mind that in 1854,
at the time I made that report from the select
committee on rules, the very omission to which
I am now calling his attention he himself rose and
called my attention to. Although, in point of fact,
the resolution which I then submitted was not
open to his criticism, yet I admitted at the time
that the point he made was a good one. I pro-
pose to amend the amendment by adding after the
word " section" the words " or paragraph;" so
that it will read:
At any time after five minutes' debate has taken place
upon proposed amendments to any section or paragraph of
a bill, &c.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would sug-
gest to the gentletaan from Virginia, that it may
be necessary to make other modification^ to con-
form to the amendment he proposes.
Mr. MILLSON. X do not think there will beany
inconvenience, practically, from retaining what 1
have suggested. I do notpropose to interfere with
the right of the House to close debate upon the
whole section, if they shall please to do so; but
• the committee will observe that when we are in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
with an appropriation bill under consideration,
we have a number of independent paragraphs in
one section; indeed it very often happens that
there is but one section of an appropriation bill,
and a great many independent paragraphs. Now,
sir, the case may occur that the committee are
desirous of closing debate upon a whole section,
but in other cases, they may desire to close debate
only upon a paragraph. I wish, then, to leave it
optional with them to close debate either upon the
section or the paragraph, as may seem right at
the time.
Mr. BOCOCK. I will say to the gentleman
from Virginia that I am authorized, by at least
two members of the committee, to say that they
are infavorof the amendment which he proposes.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. You are so au-
thorized by a majority of the committee.
Mr. BOCOCK. Then, as a majority of the
committee authorize it, the amendment of my col-
league will be adopted as a part of the report ot
the committee.
Mr. MILLSON. The amendment having been
accepted by the committee, it necessarily includes
the following addition:
" That the House may, at any time, after five minutes'
debate has taken place upon a pioposed amendment, or any
section or paragraph of the bill,close the debate upon snoh
section or paragraph, or, at their election, upon the pending
amendments only.1
Now it will beobserved that the committee may
sometimes desire to close debate upon a pending
amendment or amendments without closing it
upon the section, for the section may be a very
long one, important in its provisions and need-
ing amendment. The committee, however, may
not bo able to get on beyond a pending amend-
ment so as to enable them to perfect the subse-
quent part of the section or paragraph.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The commit-
tee also accept that amendment, and it seems very
strange to me that it did not occur to them before.
Mr. GARNETT. I should not be doing jus-
tice to myself or to the importance of the amend-
ment under consideration, if I did not express to
the House some of the reasons which will determ-
ine me in casting my vote against it. I do not,
for one, consider that this is a mere legislative
body. We are not a cerps legi&Latif; assembled
by a French Emperor to register his sovereign
decrees. We are not only a legislative assembly,
but we are a deliberative body, and it is the high-
est privilege of the Anglo-Saxon race to l3e gov-
erned by parliamentary bodies which deliberate
upon all propositions brought before them for
their action. I ask any attentive reader of our
history, I ask any man who has observed the
course of proceedings in this body, whether there
has not been for years a constant tendency to
dwarf this House of Representatives into a mere
legislative assembly, where measures are brought
before us and passed through without delibera-
tion or decision?
In the early days of this Government, the
House of Representatives, the immediate repre-
sentatives of the people, was the principal branch
of Congress. Why is it that now, on the con-
trary, each year diminishes its importance and
its hold upon public opinion ? Is it because they
are more intelligent representati'ves, who are less
immediately dependent upon the people ? I take
it that is a reason which gentlemen will not be
prepared to avow, even if they believe it. Why
is it, then, unless the rules and forms of proceed-
ing in the Senate secure deliberation and discus-
sion; while, on the contrary, the tendency in this
House is to cut them off entirely ? And let us
remember, that the influence of a congressional
body, in a free Government, depends not so much
upon their power of passing laws—for laws, to be
satisfactory, must be the result of popular opin-
ion, formed beforehand—but upon their power of
discussion, their habit of deliberation, and the
control they exorcise over the public opinion of
the nation.
What is the state of things here ? In the first
place, Mr. Chairman, it is exceedingly difficult
under the rules for any member to exercise what
I take to be the first right of a Representative, and
that is, to bring his proposition before the House.
While he is cut off from that privilege of a Rep-
resentative in great part under our practice—for
notwithstanding gentlemen tell me the theory of
the rules is that a member shall always have that
opportunity, yet we all know, under the practice,
that that opportunity seldom or ever occurs for
him; while he is cutofffrom the highest privilege
of a Representative when his measure is before
the House, how seldom is it, sir, that we have
intelligent, deliberate debate upon it? Itis sentto
the Committe of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and there, under the construction of our
rules, a member is at liberty to speak on any-
thing outside of the question before the committee.
The consequence is, so far as our hour speeches
are concerned, that there is larely a discussion of
the pending question. Then we go back to the
House, where it is determined that debate shall
terminate in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union at a certain time. Then, sir, for
the firsttime, commences valuable practical debate,
under, however, the live-minutes rule. It is now
proposed to do away with even that debate. Sup-
pose there is an important section of an appropri-
ation bill before us; some law affecting the desti-
nies of territory; one of the future sovereignties of
this Union; and that I am so fortunate as to ob-
tain the floor, and move an amendment: I. can
speak for five minutes, and some other member
of the House can speak for five minutes in oppo-
sition to it. Then, under this proposed amend-
ment of the rules, all possibility of further debate
is cut off, and other amendments cannot be of-
fered or explained.
I admit freely that this five minutes' debate is
frequently abused. I admit that the patience of
the House is sometimes overiaxedby two or three i
days'discussion of oneamendment,and that,too, !
not always germane or pertinent, though itisgen-
crally so. I admit all of that; but, Mr. Chairman,
are we never to have our patience tried, and are
we merely to meet here to execute our precon-
certed determinations without listening to debate;
without being willing to hear our peers upon this
floor bring forward the reasons which move them,
as the Representatives of the people, to go for or
against a measure ? Is it not one of the necessary
characteristics of a parliamentary and deliberative
body that there shall occasionally be tedious de-
bate; that*>ccasionally it shall be within the power
of members to protract discussion unreasonably?
The moment you take that power away, you m'ay
as well take away the power of discussion at all,
and place it within the power of a mere majority
to register its decrees without the minority hav-
ing the privilege of appealing to public opinion
by discussion and deliberation. Nay, sir, you
will then take away a still more valuable power
from the majority itself—the power which every
majority ought to desire to have placed upon it—
the powerof the minority to check them, and pre-
vent them from tyrannical and precipitate action;
that check, sir, which is to be found in free dis-
cussion; that check which is necessary to the
safety and to the wise conduct of the majority as
it is to the rights of the minority.
For my part, Mr. Chairman, 1 believe that the
true remedy for tedious discussion, the true rem-
edy for protracted and unreasonable debate in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, will be found in an enforcement of the
parliamentary law, which, in committee as well
as in the House, (the opposite I know has been
the practice under decisions of our Speakers and
Chairmen of the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union,) directs that debate shall be
germane and pertinent to the measure immedi-
ately pending. If we could agree upon a rule
that will prevent the practice which prevails in
the' Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, of members getting up and reading elec-
tioneering essays upon every possible subject;
treatises upon doctrines of philosophy, and upon
history and the arts; if we would, in other words,
enforce the rules that hold in the House, in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
then, sir, we would, I believe, have no need of
such an amendment as this, and debate would
rarely be prolonged beyond the patience of mem-
bers of the House. I admit, I repeat, under our
practice, under the rules as they now exist, we
occasionally have the patience of the House sorely
tried; but I submit that that is a thousand times
better than the adoption of an amendment to the
rules which enhances the greatest evil of our
present condition; which destroys the rights of
the minority; which gives to the majority a power
dangerous to itself, and which has a tendency to
dwarf and degrade the House of Representatives
in the eyes of the people in comparison with the
other branch of Congress, and to throw, I will
tell gentlemen, all power into the hands of the Sen-
ate—I mean all power, not over the mere passage
of laws, but over that public opinion which shapes
and molds the laws beforehand.
In some respects, Mr. Chairman,as a sectional
man, I do not think that I object to this state of
things; but I wish to see this Government carried
on upon its true theory so long as it does exist;
and I tell gentlemen upon all sides, and espe-
cially gentlemen ofthe other sido, that if they adopt
this amendment, they will do that which will still
more dimmish the power of this House of Rep-
resentatives m the eyes of the people.
Mr. BOCOCK. ■ Mr. Chairman, I do not think
it necessary, at this stage of our proceedings, to
take up the time of the House with any protracted
remarks upon the necessity which exists for the
previous question. I believe that the history of
the Congress of the United States satisfies every
man that, while the previous question does some-
times lead to abuse; while it may, by a tyrannical
majority, be employed so as to infringe the rights
of a minority, yet our busineSs cannot be carried
on without it. I think that that is the general ver-
dict of all those who have had experience of legis-
lative matters in this House. So far as the remarks
of my colleague relate to that subject, what I have
said is a sufficient reply to them.
Now, sir, when my colleague said that the
amendment of the committee increases the power
of the majority and diminishes opportunity for the
discussion and amendment of bills, he did not,
perhaps, look forward to see that this amendment,
taken in connection with another which will come
up after it is disposed of, actually diminishes the
power of a majority to force bills through by cut-
ting off amendment and debate. It is within the
knowledge of all of us, of my colleague as much
as of any other, that the protracted debates under
the five-minutes' rule have been going on to such
an extent that the majority have found it neces-
sary to rake up and put in force an old rule that
had slumbered in oblivion for many years. Under
the interpretation of the rules and the practice of
the House, this is the state of things at present;
and I call the attention of my friend and colleague
to it. Suppose we have a long appropriation bill
up, introduced by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman,] with a number of provisions of import-
ance ; suppose that the first sections excite, because
of their importance, inquiry and protracted debate,
