168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
been uttered by me in this body, for the purpose
of that revision which is contemplated by the reso-
lution. And, sir, that right shall be carried out
in good faith. There shall be none but verbal al-
terations and revisions not affecting the substance,
bccause that resolution very properly provides—
" The report of said debates shall be subject to the re-
vision of the speakers, and shall be mixed with no extrinsic
matter, whether political or otherwise."
I only ask that the spirit of the resolution shall,
in good faith, be carried out.
The statement gf the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Millson,] upon the other point, let me add,
is correct, and the official report, if it may still
be called official, of the remarks I made, wili sus-
tain him.
Mr. GROW. 1 desire to say a single word in
reference to the matter to which the gentleman
from Ohio has directed our attention. In justice
to the publisher of the debates of this House I
wish to say, that I understood that two years
ago—the tune to which the gentleman has refer-
red—he stated that if a speech was withheld for
revision he would put a note in the Globe stating
that it was withheld for tha? purpose;, that he did
not deny to gentlemen the light to take the man-
uscript for revision, if they pleased. If they did
withhold it, it would be so stated; if they did not
want that statement to appear, the remarks must
go in the morning after they were delivered.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAJVI. I only complain of
the statement that I claimed the ri^ht to with-
hold the manuscript as long as I saw fit. I simply
claim the right to retain it so long as may be ne-
cessary to carry out the object of the resolution.
Mr. CLEMENS. Upon the request of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky I will withdraw my motion
to take a ballot until he has concluded his remarks,
and I give notice now to the House and the coun-
try, that each day this House is in session with-
out an organization, if it is from now until the
5th day of December next, I will rise in my place
and, if I can obtain the floor, insist upon a ballot.
So far as I am concerned, I am not to be dragooned
into remaining here four or five hours a day to
allow gentlemen, upon one side and' the other, to
ventilate their rhetoric.
Several Republican Members. Only on one
side of the House.
Mr. CLEMENS. I say I give calm and de-
liberate notice of this motion each day. 1 shall
retire from this Hall each day when'I am phys-
ically disabled from attendance upon the session
of the House, and if I am unable, as a matter of
favor, to obtain a pair upon the other side of the
House, I give notice to my own political friends,
that under such circumstances they will have to
take, their ballots without my vote, and if the
other side of the House obtain advantage in con-
sequence of my absence, they may do it. 1 shall
do precisely as I say, as sure as the light from
Heaven shines through these illuminated coats of
arms.
Mr. GROW. I do not propose to intrude upon
the time of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
but I desire to say, that the resolution
passed this morning empowers the Clerk to pre-
serve order. While I disapprove of all violation
of parliamentary decorum either by members
upon the floor or by persons in the galleries, I
hope now there will be an end of it, and that we
shall proceed in decency and order. That is all
1 have to say.
The CLERK. The House this morning, by
a resolution passed unanimously, empowered me,
us Clerk of this House, to preserve its order and
decorum, by suppressing disorder either upon the
floor or in the galleries of this House. That res-
olution has first been violated by honorable mem-
bers upon this floor, and until thev feel the neces-
sity of preserving the order and decorum of the
House, the Clerk cannot feel authorized to call
upon thegalleriestopreserveorder. Butthe Clerk
desires to say that, if scenes of disorder are per-
sisted in, he will, inasmuch as he has been called
upon by the members of this body to do so, ex-
ercise all the powers confeired upon him by that
resolution, and by the rules of the House, to
suppress such disorder either upon the floor or in
the galleries; and he hopes that not only the mem-
bers upon the floor, but those persons who are
here to look upon our proceedings, will not place
him m a position where he will be compelled to
exercise that power in the discharge of his duty.
He therefore appeals to all to refrain from these
manifestations of feeling, no matter what may
take place upon this floor.
Mr. SIMMS. Mr. Clerk, the subject-matter
of this discussion is not new to the country. The
recent invasion of the territory of a sister State,
by an armed band of murderers and traitors,
marks but another step in the progress of this
northern crusade of fanaticism against the rights
and property of fifteen of the sovereign States of
this Confederacy. It was nothing more nor less
than the logical result of the principles and doc-
trines advocated and maintained upon this floor,
in the Senate Chamber, upon the stump, from
the press and pulpit, of the Republican or anti-
slavery party of the northern States. I shall en-
deavor to speak plainly and frankly upon this
subject, representing, as I do, a frank and manly
constituency, who seek no concealment of their
opinions and feelings upon any of the public ques-
tions of the day. The district I have the honor
to represent needs no public pledge here of its
loyalty and devotion to the Constitution and the
Union of these States. For more than thirty
years upon this floor, and in the Senate Chamber,
Kentucky's most gifted son,thegreatcommoner,
stood forth the gravest champion of the Federal
Union, the strongest pillar beneath the arch of
the Republic. In my judgment, it becomes us to
meet this question m a spirit of frankness. It is
time we should understand each other. Upon this
question of slavery there has always been a dis-
eased public sentiment in the northern States.
This diseased public sentiment, presenting itself
first in one form of attack, and then another, has
all the time trailed as a serpent m the track of
the Republic, seeking to poison the fountains of
its existence.
First, m the form of petitions for the restric-
tion of the inter-slave trade between the States;
then, sir, for the abolition of slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; then it demanded the interven-
tion of the Federal Government, by a solemn act
of Congress, to cxcludc slavery from cvery*inch
of the territory belonging to the United States
north of the Missouri line, as it has been termed;
and now, sir, declares that whether Congress in-
tervenes or not to exclude slavery from the Terri-
tories, another slave State shall never be admitted
into the Federal Union. *
, In addition to this, the Republican party, now
numbering more than one hundred members upon
this flour, by their speeches in Congress, by their
legislative resolves, by their State conventions, by ■
their public orators, their press and pulpit in the I
northern States, and, too, by armed resistance,
have sought to nullify the fugitive slave act, and
to destroy the moral power of the Supreme Court
of the United States as a court of last resort, by
bringing its decision into public contempt, be-
cause it decided m the Dred Scott case that Con-
gress has no power under the Constitution to ex-
clude slavoiy from any of the Territories now be-
longing to the Geneial Government.
There are now fifteen slave States with a rep-
resentation in the Senate of thirty members, while
there arc eighteen free States with a representa-
tion of thirty-six members in the Senate. The
balance of power in the Senate of the United
States, once deemed the safeguard of the South,
has been lost. This preponderance of popular
and legislative power m favor of the free States
must soon be increased by the ^mission of other
new States. With this preponderance of popu-
lar and legislative power in favor of the North,
there is nothing now left between the South and
her assailants, except the Democratic party of the
northern States and the Constitution of the Fed-
eral Union as expounded by the Supreme Court,
The Abolition or anti-slavery party of the free
States having failed, up to this moment, to reach
the institution of slavery in the southern States
where it exists by direct legislation, have sought
its overthrow indirectly, by poisoning the public
mind of the northern people upon this subject, and
by keeping up a constant war of theft and plunder
upon oui borders. To accomplish this, they have
scattered their incendiary documents throughout
the length and breadth of the land. They have
elevated to high places of public trustin the coun-
cils of the nation men who declare "there is an irre-
pressible conflict between slave and free labor;"
that the Constitution uniting the two "is a cove-
nant with death, and an agreement with hell, and
that they will agitate this question while a single
slave remains upon the soil of America." The
logical result of all these attacks upon the institu-
tions of the South was the recent foray of John
Brtwn and his clansmen upon the soil of Virginia.
I shall no.t now repeat here the result of that attack
but will-pause to inquire whether or not the south-
ern States have any rights in this Federal Union;
and, if they have, is it not now high time that
some stand be taken upon this subject, beyond
which northern aggression shall not go?
I am no disunionist. I should regard its ne-
cessity as a terrible event. The very soil upon
which I was born, the very spot where I caught
my first breath of life, being almost m sight of
the home of the Sage of Ashland, where he lived,
and where to-day repose his honored dust, make
such a thought one of terrible import to me.
But, sir, is there to be no limit to the wrongs
heaped upon us by northern madmen? Are wc
to bow our necks to the yoke, and, like a con-
quered province, be despoiled of our property;
and when we raise our voice of protest against
these wrongs, are we to be met uj)on this floor
and appeased by the real authors of all these
wrongs, with the plea that they, in person, did
not place arms in the hands of our slaves for mur-
der and rapine? Sir, such a pica can avail us
nothing. It will not protect our fire-sides from the
murderous assaults, nor save our property from
the grasp of the northern thief that lurks upon
our borders. If this Union is to be preserved,
there must be a cessation of these wrongs upon us.
It will be useless for us to seek an evasion of this
question. It is upon us, in all its terrible aspects.
Wc have remonstrated; we have temporized; we
have compromised; yet these have been of no
avail. Shall we repeat these expedients again?
Every inch we yield is claimcd as a right. The
Missouri restriction, that struck down at one fell
blow all our rights in that vast region north of
that line, large enough to make nine States equal
in size to the State of New York, was .wrested
from us by the power of northern votes in this
Hall, and in direct violation of the Constitution
itself. Is this even-handed justice? and to pro-
test against this wrong, is that agitation? If so,
then, I am an agitator.
Let us examine this question, and sec liowthe
matter stands in history and right. Your fathers,
sir, and nunc, after having achieved their inde-
pendence at the cannon's mouth, met together in
solemn convention, to secure for themselves and
their children after them the blessingsof a free, en-
lightened, constitutional Government. The result
of these, their first deliberations, was the adoption
of the Constitution of the United States. The
object of this Constitution was, to form among
the States a bond of union for the general good;
not for the advancement of one section of the
country, or the oppression of the other, but to
make us a united people, one and indivisible for-
ever. It was formed of confederated States, sov-
ereign and equal, with unlimited rights over all
subjects of legislation, cxcept those expressly
abridged in the Federal compact. Our fathers
signed this bond, as did yours. We have per-
formed our part of the covenant, and we now
demand that you perform yours.
When this covenant was formed, twelve of the
then thirteen colonies were slave States; local
laws were in force in all of them for its protec-
tion. It was apart and parcel of their social and
political system, and, indeed, a part of American
civilization, and formed one of the very founda-
tion stones upon which the fabric of the Union
was built. You had the right to sell your slaves
into the southern States, and you did it; we had
the right to retain our slaves and buy ;yours,and
we did it. You took the money for which you
sold your slaves to us, and invested it in lands,
houses, mechanism, and commerce. You now
live m those houses and upon those lands for
which you sold your slaves to us of the South.
You make profit of your commerce and mechan-
ism, and now turn round and abuse us because
wc retain the slaves your fathers sold us. This
you do under the vaunted pretense of religious
humanity. When before, in the history of the
world, was there ever such villainous religion
and humanity as this? If slavery be so detestable
to you, why do you not disgorge the ill-gotten
treasure, upon which you now live and fatten,
acquired by the traffic of your fathers in human
