1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2X33
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to yield me the floor a moment, that I may
enter a motion to reconsider the vote by which
the first .section was agreed to.
Mi*. SHERMAN". I do not think it would be
right to yield to such a privileged motion, as that
would bring up the whole subject.again.
Mr, CRAWFORD. I only desire to enter it.
Mr. SHERMAN. 3 will yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Then I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the first section was agreed
to. I ask that the motion be entered.
The SPEAKER. It will be entered.
Mr. BURNETT. And I move to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table. Let that motion
be entered toov
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Now I hope
the gentleman from Ohio will not press his motion,
unless it is agreed that the course I have indicated
shall be taken,
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman from Illinois
will have the right, when this subject comes up
again, to move a substitute. lie can move the
previous question, and have a vote upon it by yeas
and nays,
Mr. CRAWFORD. That is what I do not want
done.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the House perfect it,
&nd then let us have a vote upon it.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I think it would be better
to recommit it to the committee, in order that they
foay perfect it. In that way, we shall save the
time of the House.
Mr. BARR. The section of the country which
I have the honor m part to represent has a greater
interest in this bill than any other section of the
country; and yet no member representing the city
of New York Agrees to the provisions of this bill,
or the substitute, as far as we know what it is.
Now, I ask if it is fair to introduce that substitute,
cut off all amendments and all debate, without
allowing the Representatives of the city of New
York to be heard? I want to be heard myself,
and some of my colleagues desire to be heard; and
I enter my protest against any course which will
-cut us off from that opportunity. I feel a deep
interest, and my constituents feel a deep interest
in this matter, and I want to say something upon
it; and I do not want to be cutoff from that priv-
ilege.
Mr. SHERMAN. I renew my motion to post-
pone; and upon that I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, I wish to
state to the House that it, is very evident that we
cannot get through this bill in the manner in which
we are acting; and I now propose to prepare a
substitute, in which I will incorporate all the
amendments which the House has adopted to this
first section. I shall then introduce such other
amendments as the committee shall think proper.
It may be that they will adopt the proposition of
the gentleman from New York, and that it may
foe put into the substitute. If the consideration
of the bill is now postponed until to-morrow,
when it comes up I propose to put m my substi-
tute, to move the previous question upon it and
■upon the substitute of the gentleman from Lou-
isiana, [Mr. Taylor,] which he will then offer.
Mr. CRAWFORD. And the gentleman from
Louisiana and the gentleman from Illinois may
be perfectly satisfied with that arrangement, be-
cause, by that means, every gentleman in the
House will be compelled to choose between the
two substitutes, not having an opportunity to vote
upon anything else. Now, I decidedly object to
that course.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I give this
(notice now. I will not further press the consider-
ation of the bill this afternoon; but I will call it
up to-morrow, offer my substitute, allow the gen-
tleman from Louisiana to offer his substitute,
move the previous question, and let the House
dispose of the matter.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Is not that con-
trary to the agreement which was entered into
when the consideration of this hill was postponed?
There are provisions m this bill which are appli-
cable to ocean steamers, and they have not been
considered at all.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I consider
that agreement at an end, since we have discussed
this bfll as we have, and since the gentleman from
Georgia has moved to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. How can it be
at an end? Other gentlemen are interested in that
agreement besides the gentleman from Georgia,
and I submit that the course proposed by the gen-
tleman from Illinois is unfair. His proposed
amendments do not relate to these important mat-
ters connected with the ocean mail scrvice.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, If the House
is not prepared to-morrow to sustain the previous
question, it will be an open question, and amend-
ments will be'in order.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. That is against
the agreement entered into upon the floor of the
House, and that agreement must be adhered to
to by the House.
Mr. PETTIT. Is the motion to postpone the
consideration of this matter until after the morn-
ing hour to-morrow?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not. If you say " after
the morning hour," you will allow two or three
other bills to come in, and wc cannot tell where
we shall stop.
Mr. PETTIT. It is well to bear in mind that
a number of committees have not yet been callcd,
Mr. BURNETT. The previous question is
pending1, and debate is not in order.
Mr. PETTIT. Then I move to amend the
motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. To adopt the suggestion of
the gentleman from Indiana will only make con-
fusion worse confounded.
Mr. PETTIT. These special orders have been
standing three or four weeks, and committees who
have been perfecting business during the whole
session have not been called, there having been a
constant postponement of those special orders.
Mr. CRAWFORD. If the House votes down
the previous question culled by the gentleman
fiom Ohio, what will be the effect of it upon this
lull?
Mr. SHERMAN. Under the new rules, the
previous question is exhausted upon the motion
to postpone.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I was going to say to the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Pettit] 
Mr. TOMPKINS. I object to any further de-
bate. This whole debate is out of order.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I did not desire to wound
the tender sensibilities of the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. TOMPKINS. The gentleman from Ohio
has no tender sensibilities; but I desire the gen-
tleman from Georgia to submit to the rules of the
House, as other gentlemen have to do.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I did not intend to move
the bowels of compassion of the gentleman from
Ohio.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put; and, under
the operation thereof, the farther consideration of
the bill was postponed until to-morrow morning.
COXl'TllMTNG LAND ENTRIES.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules ho
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. COBB. I ask the gentleman from Ohio to
withdraw that motion for a moment.
Mr. SHERMAN.* If the gentleman will with-
draw his proposition,'if it is likely to consume
much time, I will withdraw my motion in his
favor.
Mr. COBB. I have been postponing a matter
some three weeks which I am anxious should be
acted on. I some time since moved to reconsider
the vote by which the Senate amendments to
House bill No. 44, confirming certain land entries
under the third section of the act of 3d March,
1855, entitled an act making appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department during
the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1856, was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SHERMAN. I yield to enable the gen-
tleman from Alabama to inform the House what
he wants.
Mr. COBB. If my motion gives rise to debate,
I will withdraw it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would suggest to my col-
league that when this matter was called up the
other day, we understood from one or more mem- ;
bers of the Committee on Public Lands, that that
committee had acted upon the subject that day,
and had instructed their chairman [Mr.THAYEK]
t® move to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table. The chairman of the committee is not now
present.
Mr, COBB. The committee has since then had
the subject under consideration, and has revefsbd
its decision.
Mr. HOUSTON, Well, then, if the commit-
tee vibrated in that way like children from one
side to the other, it seems to me that the House
ought to look into the matter. #
Mr. BURNETT. I rose for the purpose of ob-
jecting to the gentleman from Ohio yielding the
floor for any purpose unless he yielded it abso-
lutely, but the Chair interrupted me until the
question was stated.
Mr. COBB. I will not throw any difficulties in
way of the progress of the business of the House.
I will let this matter rest where it is.
Mr. SHERMAN. I renew my motion.
SACRAMENTO AND OLYMPXA MALL.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky. I ask the gentle-
man to yield me the floor in order that 1 may re-
port from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, a bill to establish a mail, six times a
week, from'Sacramento, in California, to Olympia,
in Washington Territory, for the purpose of hav-
ing it printed and recommitted.
Mr. KUNKEL. I object.
PAY TO THE NAVY.
Mr. MORSE. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
to yield to me in order that I may report, from the
Committee on Naval Affairs, the Navy pay bill,
with a substitute; in order that the bill, with the
substitute, may be printed, and recommitted to
the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will do so, with the un-
derstanding that there shall be no motion to recon-
sider the recommitment.
Mr. MORSE. No such motion will be made.
The bill and substitute were then received, or-
dered to be printed, and recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I ask that a sub-
stitute, which I am instructed by a minority of
the committee to offer, at the proper time, in lieu
of the substitute reported by the gentleman from
Maine, may also be printed.
It was so ordered.
SACKAMENTO AND OLYMPIA MAIL—AGAIN.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky. I hope the gen-
tleman from Maryland will now permit the same
course to be taken with reference to the bill which
I asked leave to report just now.
Mr. STOUT. I appeal to the gentlemanfrom
Maryland to withdraw his objection.
Mr. KUNKEL. I will withdraw it so as to
allow the bill to be ordered to be printed and then
recommitted.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky. That is all 1
ask.
Mr. BURNETT. And with the understand-
ing that a motion to reconsider shall notbe made.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky. Certainly.
Mr. KUNKEL. With that understanding, I
withdraw my objection.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, then
reported a bill to establish a mail line, six times
a week, between Sacramento, in California, and
Olympia, in Washington Territory; which was
read a fust and second time, ordered to beprinted,
and recommitted to the committee.
BRIG ADELAIDE.
Mr. SHERMAN. I must now insist on my
motion.
Mr. BURCH. I ask the gentleman to allow
me to introduce a bill for reference only.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no; we shall get into
confusion here if I yield any further. I must
insist on my motion.
Mr. BURCH. I only ask to have the bill re-
ferred. it can give rise to no debate. The gen-
tleman has extended the same courtesy to others.
It is a bill granting a registry to the brig Adelaide.
Air. SHERMAN. There are twenty gentle-
men here making similar requests.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What does
the gentleman from California propose to do with
his bill ?
