1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1189
extending day after day, into weeks, and that a
speech made by one gentleman compels reply—
for we know that concussion of ideas always pro-
duces an increase of ideas before the House—the
gentleman from Ohio will then rise in his charac-
ter of chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, and being worn out with debate, his mind
oppressed with a sense of the responsibility rest-
ing upon him, and in view of the approaching
termination of the session will appeal to his faith-
ful cohorts, telling them that the responsibility
of the Government is upon them; that the debate
must not be allowed further to proceed; and that
the motion striking out the enacting clause, which
he submits, must be agreed to. Now, sir, though
there may be, in the latter part of that bill, various
propositi ons which are important, and which ought
to be discussed and ought to be amended, the
majority, following the lead of the chairman of the
Committee of "Ways and Means, may believe that
it is better, on the whole, to force the bill through,
and cut off all amendments to the latter part of the
bill, by moving to strike out the enacting clause,
bring it into the House, non-concur in the recom-
mendation of the Committee of the Whole, call the
previous question, and, by whipand spur, force the
bill through the House of Representatives. Now,
the committee appointed by the Speaker has pro-
vided that that power shall not be exercised by
the majority of the House. It has provided, in an
amendment hereafter to come up, that when a bill is
pending in the Committee of the Whole, and the
motion is made to strike out the enacting clause and
agreed to by the Committee of the Whole, and the
House refuse to concur with the recommendation
of the committee, the bill, by that act alone, shall
stand recommitted to the Committee of the Whole.
The effect of that will be this: a bill comes up be-
fore the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; a majority is satisfied that any amend-
ment of th e bill, or any discussion of it in the Coni-
mittee of the Whole, would be of no use; would
be but time thrown away. They may strike out
the enacting clause for the purpose of defeating
the bill. The bill will then come into the House
with that recommendation of the Committee of
the Whole; and their concurring in that recom-
mendation will defeat the bill, and the time of the
House will be saved. The abuse of the rule is
thereby obviated.
You all know that a majority of the Committee
of the Whole now have the power, under this
rule, to strike out the enacting clause of a bill;
and if the House refuse to concur in that action
of the committee, under the operation of the pre-
vious question the bill is put through the House
without opportunity for discussion or amendment.
Adopt these two amendments together, and then
what do you have? You deny to the majority
of the Committee of the Whole the power to take
a bill out of the committee before you have had
an opportunity to discuss it and amend it, under
the rule allowing speeches of five minutes upon
amendments; it goes that far in carrying out the
views of my friend and colleague, [Mr. Gak-
nett.1 In order to get that, the gentlemen upon
the other side, who are charged with the busi-
ness of the House, say to us: " If you ask us
to do this"—and they were willing to do it; I
do not say that they were reluctant to do it—
" if you ask us to do this, you must give to us
some plan by which we can, some time or other,
fet the business out of the Committee of the
Vhole." We then agreed that when any sec-
tion was under consideration, and there had been
a speech for and against an amendment to that sec-
tion, they can go mlo the House and take a vote
to close debate upon that particular section of the
bill. Instead of my colleague [Mr. Garnett]
opposing this, he ought to advocate it.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. What is the pend-
ing question ?
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon
agreeing to the eleventh amendment of the com-
mittee, as amended.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I offer the follow-
ing amendment:
Provided, further. That the limitation of debate to one
hour shall apply only to speeches read by members in tlie
House or committee.
I will detain the committee but a few minutes
upon this amendment. I do not propose to dis-
cuss the subject at length. I am not ambitious of
the character of a reformer. But I am sure that
wise and wholesome reforms are needed in the
rules of this House. I object to the report of the
committee, thatitisnotsufficiently radical; itdoes
not go far enough. In my deliberate judgment,
he would be one of the greatest benefactors of the
legislation of this Government who would intro-
duce and carry through a proposition to abolish
the whole system of rules and of practice under
them, and allow a return to the equitable and com-
mon-sense law and usages of Parliament. Our
system, sir, is not half so democratic—not half
so republican, if you please—as that which ob-
tains in the House of Commons. There, every
member who can " catch the eye of the Speaker
is at liberty to propose a measure, and address
the House in support of it as long as the patience
of the House will tolerate his speech, or his own
good sense allow him to proceed. He may move
for leave to introduce a bill, and if the House look
so far favorably upon the proposition as to grant
that leave, he is then, by parliamentary usage,
the chairman of the select committee appointed
to bring it in, and is, by virtue of that chairman-
ship, invested with the same privileges which are
extended to chairmen of standing committees here.
Thus, sir, is equality there accorded to every mem-
ber, and an equal chance to participate in the
business of legislation.
But how is it here? Your Speaker, whatever
his natural disposition maybe, is, by the necessi-
ties of his office, a despot. Your rules make him
a despot. And the chairman of your twenty-eight
committees are but twcnty.cight sub-despots,
acting under him. They are entitled by the cus-
tom of the House to be recognized by the Speaker
in preference to any other member, whenever
the measures which they have severally reported
are pending. No proposition can be introduced
hero, unless by unanimous consent or a suspen-
sion of the rules, except from a committee. The
result is, that to the hands alone of the privileged
few who are chairmen of the committees is con-
signed the whole trade and mystery of legisla-
tion here. Our business, sir, is to register the
dccrces of committees. And twenty-eight men,
or rather, looking to the more important commit-
tees, eight or ten out of the twenty-eight, are the
organs or mouth-pieces of this House. They are
the engineers and conductors who run this train,
and generally it is a "lightning express train,"
and we, the other members, are but passengers,
with checks in our hats. I repeat, then, that it
would be a wise and most wholesome reform to
abolish all these rulfes, worse now than the early
Roman forms of action or English special plead-
ing, and return to the ancient and well-tried par-
liamentary law and usage, allowing every member
to introduce whatever proposition he may please
to introduce—as Mr. Burke did his celebrated
measure for economical reform—and, at least, lay
before the House and the country his exposition
of the principles upon which the measure is based,
whether the House give its consent that he may
bring 111 a bill or not.
But I rose, Mr. Chairman, mainly to urge the
adoption of the amendment which I have pro-
posed. I would prefer—if written speeches could
bo prohibited altogether—that the hour rule should
be entirely abrogated. But apprehensive that the
committee may not consent to go that far directly,
I propose now only to mitigate the evil. No one,
I think, who has observed and reflected upon the
business of legislation here for some years past,
will deny that very many of the evils of which the
country has so much and so justly complained,
and which have contributed so much to bring this
House into disrepute, have arisen from the opera-
tion of this very hour rule. I might, did time
permit, go back to the history of the past, and
demonstrate the uniform and inevitable mischief
resulting from that rule wherever it has obtained.
At Athens, in her legislative assembly, there was
no limit to public debate, and hence those splen-
did remains of Grecian eloquence which challenge
the admiration of the world to this day. Bat m
the judicial courts of Athens the rule did prevail;
the " clepsydra" cut down the orator in the rmdst
of his address, and, by consequence, forensic elo-
quence attained but small importance in Greece,
and but little which is known or read remains of
it to this day. The " hour rule" precluded ad-
vocates, and the want of advocates dwarfed the
forum and the jurisprudence of Athens into com-
parative insignificance. Demosthenes, who " ful-
mined" in the public assemblies of that renowned
city, shrank at the bar into a mere writer of
speeches for litigants to read. Limitation upon
debate was not known in the Roman Senate or at
the Roman bar in the earlier days of the Repubr
lie; but as she began to fall into decay, and
wicked emperors succeeded to the seats of virtu-
ous consuls, the "hour rule" w3s applied injur
dicial trials, and it is the testimony of Tacitus and
Pliny, that from that moment forensic eloquence
perished. Despotism thirsted for treasure or for
blood, and free speech was no longer tolerated at
her bar. Dispatch is the great weapon of tyranny.
But I come down to our own times, and ask of"
the older members of the House whether the
effect of this rule here has not been unmixed evil ?
I am well aware that the usual argument urged
in support of the limitation is, that it diminishes
the quantum, of debate. Is that a consideration, I
ask, fit to be urged in a deliberative assembly?
Why protect members from question for words
spoken in debate, if no debate is to be allowed, or
even if it be an object to suppress or to limit it?
But I deny the fact. I affirm, on the contrary, that
the aggregate amount of speaking has been vastly
increased by it. I shall say nothing myself of
the quality of the speaking; but I have the author-
ity of a predecessor of mine, (Mr. Schenclc,) who
served some eight years in this House, ana who
has been eight years now a citizen in private life,
observing the course of debate and legislation
here, for the statement, as the result of his six-
teen years' observation, that the speaking in this
House has very much increased in quantity, and
very greatly deteriorated in quality, since the
adoption of the hour rule. Sir, the rule was as-
sailed vehemently by Mr. Benton, in his Thirty
Years' View, and I refer gentlemen to his obser-
vations upon it. Mr. Calhoun also denounced it
as " destroying the liberties of the people by gag-
ging their Representatives;" and Mr. William R.
King declared that he would resist it in the Sen-
ate "even unto the death." In the House it was
opposed persistently by many of the oldest and
ablest members, and among them byjohn duincy
Adams.
I propose, Mr. Chairman, that the hour rule
shall be limited in its application only to speeches
which are read. According to the law of this
House, as laid down in the Manual, no member
has a right now to read a speech if it be objected
to; but courtesy will not tolerate an objection.
So long has the custom prevailed, and to such an
extent has it been carried, that it would be re-
garded, doubtless, as highly discourteous to de-
mand an enforcement of the rule. Now, I believe
that this proposed amendment will prove a wise
provision; and that, by removing the restriction,
or confining it rather to essays read in this House,
a premium will be held out to legitimate debate;
which I long to see restored in this Chamber, to
take the place of these carefully-prepared, elabo-
rately-constructed, and, for the most part, clegant-
ly-written lectures which so often weary the pa-
tience of the House, admirable as they may be—
for, sir, I am not one of those who join in the false
and senseless outcry that the speeches which are
read, or spoken upon this floor,are mere " trash.''
This, sir, is an accusation unjust and unfounded.
But these essays or lectures are not fit for this
presence; they are not delivered in the proper
place. They belong to the lyceum, and not to
legislation.
Allow me, sir, to refer, by way of illustration
of the evil of which I complain, to what occurred
when the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Curry]
had concluded his very earnest and elaborate
speech yesterday. The House was on fire, and
eager for the debate to proceed. You, yourself,
Mr. Chairman, [Mr. Stanton,] rose to reply upon
the spur of the moment; and had the floor been
given you, we should have had, ! doubt not, one
of those interesting and exciting delates, so highly
dramatic in their charactcr, which are now heard
only in the Senate of the United States, or in the
Parliament of Great Britain; but which, sir, in an
evil hour for the legislation of the country, have al-
most wholly disappeared from this Chamber, and
linger only in the memory or the records of the past.
Yet, under the custom, more honored in the breach
than the observance, which has grown up under
the hour rule, aSid which is one of its most odious
excrescences, the Chairman had his roll of mem-
bers prepared long time in advance. You, sir,
