3078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
the poll-book to show how easily it was com-
mitted.
The poll-book was kept in aggregate numerals,
and not in units.
Pentecost Precinct.
Anderson. Chrisman.
I, W. Graham....«  55
John Neighbors  - 56
Person Davidson 41
A.Eldridgc .. 42
James W. LolJar 43
G. a. Wood 44
A.Carey 45
A. Cartel..... 46
Suneon Huddieston 47
S. «/. Jenkins..   - 47
J.C.Graham  - 48
From this extract from the poll-books at Pen-
tecost precinct, it will be seen that John Neigh-
bors was the fifty-sixth voter who had voted for
the contestant at that precinct, and that the next
voter who voted for me was S. J. Jenkins, who
should have been recorded as the fifty-seventh
voter for him; but the clerk erroneously, as will
be seen, recorded it as the forty-seventh voto for
me, and the next vote for him, that of J. C. Gra-
ham, as the forty-eighth vote; and so on this er-
ror in number of ten votes, was perpetuated to
the end of the poll, and not discovered until after
the certified returns had been sent to the State
board of examiners.
As to the error of the other four votes to make
up the correction of fourteen votes einbiacod in
amended certificate of the county of Cumber-
land, two of them were committed in the same
way, one at precinct No. 4 and the other at pre-
cinct No. 5. The other two votes are accounted
for in this way: the clerk, as the poll was going
pn, discovered two votes in error, to the prejudice
of the sitting member, at precinct No. 1, and cor-
rected them at the time. Forgetting that he had
corrected them, he added at -the end of the poll
two votes m his favor in summing up, thus giv-
ing-the sitting member two more votes than he
was entitled to.—(For a clear exhibit of these
errors, sec testimony of Napoleon B. Cheatham,
a political friend of the sitting member.)
The clearness of the facts as to the way in which
these errors occurred to my prejudice makes noth-
ing but then-statement necessary for their under-
standing. How was it with those m the county
of Boyle, upon which the gentleman procured an
amended certificate in his lav or' They were made
by an alleged alteration of the poll-books; by the
erasure of two voles said to have been given foi me,
and the recording of them for him, thus molting
adiflferonce of four votes to his favor and my piej-
udice. This alteration of the poll-books, to any
one who will examine them, looks probable. The
count at the foot of my column on one page, where
an erasure occurs, is not right, unless the erased
vote is counted for me; and that for Anderson is
not right, if the alleged change of vote is counted
for him.
But upon this point 1 do not deem it necessary
to say more, further than to read the testimony of
8. P. Button, one of the judges of election at the
piecinet in Boyle coumy where the alteration al-
luded to is charged to have been committed. He
says:
" 1 i *vc now the poll-book* of that district before me.
In looking over the poll-book, page 1 find that the vote
of Ncbon Pendergrait appears at one time to have been
cu>t for Chrisman, and it now appear* to be ctased, ami his
voto. lecordcd iri the column tor Anderson, and 1 believe
that has been done since 1 counted the columns. If my
count vvaj correct, it is necessaiy that that vote should be
counted lor Chiifinan, and if counted for Anderson, my
count both for Chrisman and AiuJeison is wrong. 1 do not
believe such a mistake would have escaped my observa-
tion, liosn the care i took in making the count.
" Tiioie are two reason-, why I think the vote has bren
changvd : one is, from tile caie 1 took in counting it, and
the other i<, fiom the tact that the mark ot his vote is
■^traighter and lather heavier than the marks geneially arc
on that page. I see, upon examination, that there is a vote
recorded loi Andei>on in another pait of tile same poll-
book, and liuit mailt is s>traighter than they generally <ne
on that page. The vote seems to have been put down for
Mr. Chtisiunu,as in the other, and then erased. The col-
umn for Umsman upon this page loots up right, having
that voto off, and Anderson's Jacks one oi being enough,
giving thus the benefit ot that vote; and I believe the mark
in this case was put ni by the same pci&on who put it in
the othei ca-ac alter the count was made. I &ee a mailt in
anotbei column, in the same poll book, here there are
no ei.ii-UiCa, which is heavier than tne one opposite the
name of Pendergrait, and so in other columns and other
pages.
" It is my lecollection that several voters did not vote
between Cintsmau and Andei&on; and it would be very
easy to change the vote for either by putting in a mark,
when in fact the voter voted tor neither. I have for a num-
ber of years been a merchant m the town of Perryvilie,
and had much to do in counting up figures."
Nelson Pcndcrgraft, one of the two voters whose
votes were alleged to have been changed, testifies :
" There is no other Nelson Pendergraft in Boyle county
that I know of besides myself, i voted at the last August
election in precinct No. 1 in Boyle county, and voted tor
James S. Chrisman for Congress4 I have examined the
poll-books for that precinct, and find that my name was put
down for Chrisman, and scratched out and put down for
Anderson.
" J voted by a tickct. The ticket I had had the Demo-
cratic names on it. I do not remember who gave me that
tickct. Chrisman's and Magoffin's names were on it. I
do not remember the names of any other peison-s for whom
I voted. I do not recollect that my vote wa* cried out by
any of the officers of the election after I voted. I only
staid there a short tunc after I voted. I handed my ticket
to the judges, and told them I voted that ticket, and for
Sneed and Owens, t can read and write. Henderson Boi-
ling stood with his hand on my left shoulder when I voted.
1 do not remembei any other person who wa* right by me
when 1 voted.
" I have always voted the Democratic ticket when I had
a vote."
The House will rccollcct that it was this poll-
book which "Van Winkle testifies was examined
by Mr. Anderson at his house, and reported by
him to be without error.
Mr. Speaker, I will dismiss any further refer-
ence to the Boyle county books, having only done
so at all to illustrate how the corrections made in
his favor are assailed by testimony, whilst those
m mine stand forth as clear as the sun at noon-
day, unassailed and unassailable.
The following tabic exhibits the vote both as
embraced in original and amended certificates:
Counties.
Cumberland.
Clinton . ...
Wayne 
Ituss-ell 
Pulaski 
Lincoln ....
15oy!c 
Taylor......
Adair 
Casey 
Greene
Original. Corrected
652
312
741
479
1,014
935
780
357
547
cy«
48-2
7,204
650
312
741
479
1,014
935
793
357
548
690
480
Original. Corrected.
368
578
631
432
1,375
440
303
648
1,097
443
fiSi
",201
3S0
578
831
432
1,375
440
303
648
1,097
418
681
(,213
By the erroneous certificates the sitting member
had three majority. By the corrected ones 1 had
six majority. Yet the State canvassers issued a
certificate to the sitting member. It recognized
error and repudiated justice. It may be supposed
that these corrected or amended certificates did not
reach the board at Frankfort in time. They did,
as much as ten days before they met. The board
does not deny this; on the contrary, it received,
considered, debated, and rejected them. On the
2Dth of August, with the true state of the facts
before them, they outraged my rights and that of
my constituents by giving the certificate to the
sitting member.
The action of the State board in awarding a
certificate of election to the sitting member, is
based exclusively upon the theory that, after send-
ing the first erroneous certificate, the county board
became functus oJJicioy and that certificate is con-
clusive upon the State board, though obtained by
fraud, or the result, as here, of manifest mistake.
Though the county board has not fulfilled the
duty assigned it by the law, to state coi rertly the
returns, no other reason is assigned by them for
withholding from me the certificate of election.
But was the county board functus officio, as they
contend? The law charged them with a subordi-
nate or ministerial duty only, which was to com-
pare the polls, ascertain the correctness of the
summing up of the votes, and report to the State
board, not an opinion, but a mathematical fact.
The law proscribes no limitation to its existence
until the fourth Monday afterthe election, the day
the State boaid is required to act upon the returns
and grant certificates of election. It not havmg
discharged the duty for which it was created, by
ascertaining the fact it was required to repot t, how
could it have become functus officio '? it is absurd
and lidiculous to say a body having a legal exist-
ence to ascertain a mathematical fact, dies before
it has ascertained that fact, merely because it had
once entered upon the performance of its duty.
Error or mistake could not make it functus of-
ficio, for the duty admitted of absolute and math-
ematical certainty; and until that was attained, it
was not done. It was not dead and without
power until it had done what the law contem-
plated it should do.
Nothing is better settled, than when a statute
requires an act to be done by public officers in a
given length of time for a public purpose, it shall
be taken to be directory; and the duty being neg-
lected or unperformed, by allowing the precise
time to go by, yet, if afterwards performed, the
public shall not suffer by their neglect or delay.
It has been decided by the courts in this coun-
try, that when a statute requires a certificate of
election to be given upon a given day, and it was
not given on that day but the day after, such cer-
tificate was good, and the election could not there-
by be vitiated or the holder deprived of any of the
benefits under it.
I lay it down as an axiom of the law; that that
construction which shall best answer the ends of
justice shall obtain and be observed. Courts of
law do not hesitate to adopt this rule, and courts
of equity delight to correct errors and mistakes,
and will do so even after judgment has been pro-
nounced. If the State board satin either capacity,
their court was open when the county board of
Cumberland had informed them of the mistake
made 'to my prejudice, arid for at least ten days
after they were fully, and as I contend officially,
informed, before they were compelled to grant a
certificate of election. In fact, they granted tho
certificate in discussion after they were informed
of the true state of facts.
Certainly the object of their creation was to give
force and effect to the will of the people aa ex-
pressed by them at the polls. They had done so
in a former case, and justice and common honesty
required they should so act in this; and in pur-
suing a different line of conduct, they have usurped
the power and authority, in violation of the Fed-
eral Constitution, to choose for the people of the
fourth congressional district of Kentucky their
Representative to Congress. They, however, say
that such a course will best prevent frauds by the
alteration and mutilation of poll-books. In just-
ification of my people, I must say they are a law-
abiding people, and are not in the habit of sub-
jecting themselves to indictment by handling the
poll-books; and the first and only instance that
has occurrcd in Kentucky of a candidate for Con-
gress taking the poll-books out of their proper
places of deposit, and keeping them out for three
days, occurrcd in this case, and with my compet-
itor.
According to the reasoning of the State board,
if the county examiners, through corruption and
bribery, should report to them a majority for one
candidate for Congress, when, in fact, another
had obtained such majority, such report is con-
clusive, and there is no power short of the Amer-
ican Congress, through the long and tedious pro-
cess of a contested election, that can correct or
rectify the wrong; and according to the logic of
the sitting member, this body cannot do it, as he
insists that the certificate of election by the State
canvassers is conclusive, and cannot be set aside;
all of which is nothing more nor less than a stud-
ied and artful dodge to override the will of the
people, and place one in Congress whom they re-
jected and repudiated last August,and whomthey
will continue to reject and repudiate whenever
called on.
In the year 1857, a vacancy occurred on the
bench of the court of appeals of Kentucky, by the
death of the chief justice of said court. A special
election was called to fill said vacancy. Mr.
Bullett, a Democrat, and Wheat, an American,
were candidates. The election came olf on the
15th day of June of that year. The returns, as
originally and regularly made to the State board,
clectcd the Democrat, Mr. Bullett, and made the
court stand three Democrats to one American; but
this same board of examiners permitted amended
leturns to be made and received, by which they
awarded a certificate of election to their friend
and partisan, Mr. Wheat, which made the court
stand politically a tie. They have a wonderful
aptness and proclivity for making ties, as the re-
sult of giving the sitting member a certificate
makes t}ie delegation from Kentucky stand a tie
in tins House.
A mi-stake was made by the examiners of the
county board of Hart county of 100 votes against
Wheat, which certificate bore date the 17th day
