2134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
Mr. BURCH. Merely to have it referred.
Mr. WASHBUK-NE, of Illinois. I hope that
will be done.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well,I will yield this once.
The bill was then received, read a first and sec-
cond time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
> Mr. SHERMAN. I now renew my motion,
and I will not withdraw it.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Dawes in
the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
POST OFFICE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to state
that the debate yesterday took so wide a range
that the Chair will feel compelled to confine it to-
day to the pending amendments, unless by unan-
mous consent it takes a wider range. The pend-
ing question is on the amendment of the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Colfax] to strike out, in
lines fourteen and fifteen, the words'4 service has,"
and insert in lieu thereof" trips have."
Mr. COLFAX. One hour was occupied yes-
terday in debating this proposition. It refers re-
ally to but very few routes—much fewer than
gentlemen suppose. The majority of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and PostRoads, desiring
always to conform their action to the wishes of
the majority of the House, have authorized me
to withdraw the pending proposition, so that the
section shall stand as repoited by the Committee
uf Ways and Means. Before doing so, however,
I desire to say a word in vindication of the course
of the committee in reporting that amendment.
A conflict often exists between the contractors
on the one hand,and the Departmenton the other.
The course of the Department towards contract-
ors and bidders for mail routes is often stringent
in the extreme; exacting, on their part, perfonn-
ancc to the strictest letter. For instance: (and I
cite a case which has been before our committee)
a bidder employed another person to write his
proposal. Finding, before any contract was made,
that a mistake had been made, he asked permis-
sion to withdraw his bid •, which was refused; and
he was notified that, if he did not go on with the
service, the guarantors of his bid would be held
responsible for whatever the service cost the De-
partment. Again, (and I cite another case:) when
the contracts were curtailed, another contractor
informed the Department that it would be impos-
sible for him to perform the reduced service at
the reduced pay, as it would co«t him just as
much as the onginal contract service; and he
begged to be allowed to give it up. This the De-
partment refused; and informed him that if he
did not go on his back pay should bo withheld
from him. They thus compel the enforcement of
the strict letter of the bond on those contractors,
while claiming and exercising the right of razee-
ing service and pay, and thus converting a profit-
able contract into a bankrupting one. 1 wish to
give still another illustration. Here is a hater
from the Second Assistant Postmaster General,
whom 1 esteem as a faithful and experienced
cer, but who, in the performance of his duties, is
often most stringent towards contractors. It is
as follows:
Post OrriCE Det'ahtmfnt, Covrm.rt Ovtice,
February lit), 18C0.
: It appears by the register showimr the departures
and aruvaN of tin: mails on junto No. liom fc?an An-
tonio to Ei Paso, Texas that tin* service is now performed
once a week instead of tivsce a month. Tbi- Oilier ha*,
not given anv in ti nations to the contractors, i enuring once
<i week seivice ; yet it' the contiaetow aio minium once a
week, and vviil cany the mails as often a*? thev inn, with
the distinct understanding that they do without addi-
tional co-t to the Depaitment, and obligate thcmsclu's not to
petition Congrest Jor cotnpenwhon, you cm make up, and
lorwaid the mails; othcnvise,\on are hereby instuietod
not to give tho muiN moie than twice a month', until other-
wise oideied.
Rc-spectlully, vour obedient ^eivnnf,
uf. n. ncxDAs,
Sccond Postmaster Genera!.
To Postmaster. El Paso, Texas. I
This was a ease where a weekly contract was j!
razeed to a semi-monthly, at reduced pay. The i;
contractors, for obvious reasons, preferred to 'j
carry the mail reguhuly every week, (having the
equipage, horses, dnveis, and stations provided i:
by them for such son uv,) rather than to have the ii
mail accumulate, as it would if only carried «emj- ;!
monthly; and they were willing and anxious to
do so, and trust to Congress to pay them. But
this letter, as will be seen, officially forbade the
postmaster at El Paso from giving them the mail
weekly, unless they would agree to take it with-
out making a claim for it against the Department;
and then added the extraordinary requisition, that
they should besides obligate themselves not even
to petition Congress for compensation. The right
of petition, Mr. Chairman, is a constitutional
right; and I think this requisition so stringent
that I cannot believe that Mr. Dundas, on reflec-
tion, will contcnd that it was right to exact it.
No man, high or low, should ever be debarred, or
be asked to debar himself, from the right of peti-
tioning the American Congress.
Now, Mr. Chairman, allow me to say, before
withdrawing this motion, in reply to the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, who
stated yesterday that he believed this restoration
would cost §2,000,000, that I stated then that it
was a mistake. I had not, however, at that mo-
ment the figures befoie me to meet his statement.
I have now the official report of the Postmaster
General upon this subject. I read from that re-
port, page 44, by which it will be seen that the
Postmaster General only claims a retrenchment
of $1,700,000, which includes the amount saved
by the rcduccdpricepaid for the mails, viaPanama,
and the discontinuance of the Tehuantepec route,
deducting which will show the retrenchment m
the inland mail service to be only $1,100,000; not
£2,000,000, as my friend from Ohio urged.
in effecting this retrenchment, they have taken
from the people, in many instances, mail facilities
which they have enjoyed for a long series of years,
and oven a lifetime, as stated by two gentlemen
from Missouri, [Messrs. Clark and Craig;] and
they have, in some instances, bankrupted the con-
tractors. The Department has given these con-
tractors at least an equitable claim to come to you
for damages. This body, almost unanimously,
with a generosity worthy of this House of Rep-
resentatives, gave to one of these contractors, not
long wince, $f>9,500 for damages he had sustained
under his contract by the reduction of his serviec
and his pay, the result of which was the loss of
all his property, to the amount of twenty-live or
thirty thousand dollars, which he possessed be-
foie he entered the service of the Government;
and his creditors levied even on the bed upon which
his wife slept. Sir, it is but a matter of justice
that these contractors should receive remunera-
tion for the losses they have sustained m conse-
quence of the unexpected and sweeping reduction
of sei \ ice effected by the Department in carrying
out its system of reform and retrenchment. I
now withdraw my amendment.
Mr. KUItNKTT. I object to the withdrawal
of the gentleman's amendment, until 1 shall have
been allowed to speak in opposition to it. The
gentleman from Indiana says the reduction of this
service has operated hardly upon the contractors
in many instances. Grant it; and yet what docs
it prove? My response is, that in every instance
where a contractor made his contract with the
Depai tment, he did it witha full knowledge of the
terms upon which he agreed to carry the mails —
with the full knowledge that the right was reserved
in the Postmaster General to reduce the service
as he might see proper. Sir, J was astonished
yesterday when 1 heard mjrcolleague [Mr. Adams]
state that the Postmaster General had been called
on for the authority under which he had discon-
tinued the mail service, and that he had failed to
cite to the committee any law under winch he had
the right so to act. I desire the letter sent by the
Postmaster General to the committee, of which
my colleague was a member, to be read, in order
that this committee may sec whether the Post-
master General docs not give full and complete
authority, both m respect to law and the usages
and customs of the Department.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Pos-i Ofticp Di.partmevt, March I8f>0,
Fir I have tiie honor to make the following repj.y to
the queues propounded m youi lettei of the Ud instant:
Fn-t quay. k By what authority ot provision oflawvou
change the teuns of existma mail eonuaets so as to curtail
the seivice without advuusin;2."
Theio t> no enactment o! Conines* autho: izmg the Po*t-
ma-vter Geneial. in s-o many woid-, to curtail the mail ser-
vice: hut the tnst section of the act oi 3d Match, 18.25,
leqmies him to •* piovide for the eamase of the maiK on
all po-t loads that ai<: ot may be established by law, and
a.: ojten as he, haring record to the 'productiveness thereof,
and other circumstanceiy shall think proper." Another act
of the same date provides "that all post routes which here-
after, within the term of three successive years, fail to yield
one fourth of the expense incident to its establishment,
shall be discontinued by the Postmaster General.unless m
ca^es where it may be necessaiy as a connection or con-
tinuance of a route or routes."
In pursuance of the authority conferred on the Postmaster
Geneial by these enactments, a clause has been inserted in
every mall contract entered into since that period (except
the gioat overland mail contract to the Pacific, now in op-
eration, and the route from San Franciseq to Olympia)
reserving to the Postmaster General the power to curtail
oi discontinue the seivice whenever the public interests
may lequire it. A copy, in blank, of the form of contract
adopted and in use is enclosed. The reservation of the
right to curtail or discontmethe service is, therefore, aniat-
tci of agreement between the parties. Such a contract,
under the authouty of the doctrine hold by the Supremo
Court in 5 Peteis, 115. the Department lias clearly a right
to entei into. It is not against sound morals or public
policy, and being prohibited by no statute, no ground is per-
ceived on which its validity can be questioned. The right
to discontinue routes no longer needed, and to regulate the
service accoidinz to its ever-varying exigencies, lias existed
and been exercised since the foundation of this Department.
It is of the very essence of its efficiency, and could not be
taken away without impressing comparative torpor and
decrepitude upon an oiganization, the very law of whose
being is activity and piogress. The thoroughfares, as welj
as the modes of travel and transportation, ate ever chang-
ing, and to these changes the postal seivice, to fulfill its
minion, must piomptly and thoroughly adapt itself. The
Depaitment, in availing itself of the right of cm tail mentor
di.-eontiriuauce reserved, inflicts no vviong on the contract-
ors. They assume the service with a lull "knowledge of the
chances to which It is exposed. Their proposals are based
on the mheientunccitainty winch belongs to the enterprise
in which they engage. They demand and icceive a higher
rate of compensation than it the contract rested on an un-
changeable basis, and they are, therefore, fully paid by the
Depaitment for this veiy stipulation which they would now
complain of as oneious.
The act of 1836 is the only act that requires an advertise-
ment before changing the terms of an existing contract. It
will be apparent trom an examination of the twenty-third
section of the act.ot 18.3b, the only section on this subject,
that the prohibitions contained in it refer exclusively to
increase of service, without the least allusion to lts'de-
cicasc. In order to anive at the correct interpretation of
this section of the act,it may be piopei ton-cm to the evils
designed to be remedied by it The icpoitsof the commit-
tees of the Senate and House of Representatives, instituted
by those bodies to investigate sundry charge* ot malprac-
tice and favoritism alleged asjamst the administration of
William T. Barry, then Postmaster General, occasioned
tlic passage ot the actof 1&3G ; and an examination of them
will show that all the complaints were leveled against the
allowance of laige additional sums to certain contractor*
without requiring them to perform any additional seivice,
or, at all events, any additional service coiresponding with
the amount of tho e.xtia sums allowed, and especially the
p.ijment of very considruablc amounts'foi incieased expe-
dition, without repaid to any lule but of the arbitraiy dis-
cretion of the i'o-tmaster General, it will also be seen
that throughout tho whole of those voluminous repoits there
i> no niluMon to, or mention ot, any case of diminution of
seivice. The latniliar lule which icquires that a remedial
statute shall be interpreted with special reference to the
evils sought to be couocted, admonishes u« of the dangers
o( pressing its piovisions beyond that point. The history
of the act ot 1836 makes, it perfectly marutcst that alleged
abuses m improvements in the seivice led to the adoption
ot the clause under consideration. There was no necessity
lor legislation to repress abuses in discontinuingorcuitad-
nig tin; sei vice, tor u was not chaiged then, nor has it been
ehaiged since, that any such existed. For aught that ap-
pears, the Goicrnmcnt and the contractors had been ahke
satisfied with the mode in which this power had been ex-
oitisud. Assuming, then, as undeniable, that m fiammg
this clause the legislative mind was occupied solely with
tiie question as to the principle on which the service could
be safely and piopeily nnpiovrd, we find the tollowing
words, which are rolled on a- having a more comprehens-
ive signification : u And whenever it shall be necessary to
cnange the terms of any existing contract, in any other
manner than that designated in this act,'' &c., " the Post-
master General shall give notice," &e. These words must
be construed m the light of the context of the clause of
which they are a part. The preceding part oi that clausc
is devoted exclusively to a detailed designation of the terms
and pi inciples on which the service and compensation may
he impioved. Then immediately follow the vvoids quoted,
winch mean simply that if cases ^liall arise m which it
shall be found unjust oi impiaetieable to impiove the ser-
vice on the inflexible pro rata piuioipfe, so emphatically
announced and insisted on, then, and in such cases, requir-
ing " the contiactto be altued nianothci inannei thanthat
designated," "the Po<tmastci Geneial, instead of exeicia-
mg his discietion as heloio, shall advertise," &c.
tfuch was tiie exposition given to this statute by its
diaughuman, then at the head oi thn Depai tment, and such
is the niteipretatton winch it has umfosmly icccived f$om
that period until tiie piesent tune. That enlightened officer,
while adhering to this conjunction, caused this ic&eivation
stipulation to be embodied in all the contiacts executed
j riming his adnnnistiatiou, and, m 3837 and lb'l>8, under it->
| authouty, and without advertisement, oideicd veiy cucns-
| ive curtailment- and  u- pensions of service. The legality
[ of this course, of admin istianon has never been questioned.
! Second query: u By what authority you fix the amount
| of compensation for curtailed seivice, without the consent
i of the eomiactor>.'1
| The curtailments, of comp-m--nt'on have been almost m-
| variably made on the pro rata principle, nom analoTV to tho
| inle established by the statute foi impioved sen ice. Tlu-s
' ptmciple of administration ba^ been as well known to
I contiactors as tue existence ot the power to curtail lUeli.
