1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3079
of June. The State board was afterwards in-
formed of such mistake, which occuried in this
way: as the law requires, the county board made
out these certificates, one of which—that is, the
one forwarded to the State board—stated that
Wheat had received 122, when the one on file in
the clerk's office represented that he had received
222 votes; to correct which, as stated by them in
their memorandum appended to the certificate
awarded to Wheat, they permitted an amended
copy to be made out of the one on file in the clerk's
office, together with the affidavits of the exam-
iners of Hart county, which certificate and affi-
davits bear date the 25th day of June; and, ac-
cording to their logic in this ease, seven or eight
days after the county board beckwnc functus officio,
and upon the amcnclod certificates and affidavits,
they awarded a certificate very properly to Mr.
Wheat.
They farther state that an amended certificate
had been received from the board of examiners
of Nelson county, w'lich stated there was an
error in the fiist certificate, in not including the
Bloomfield poll-book. This certificate bears date
the 20th day of June, just two day s after they, the
county board, bccame/icndus officio. They say,
also, in said memorandum, that " a note was also
received from the clerk of Mead county, stating
that a mistake of twelve votes was made by the
examiners against Mr. Bullett, in not adding that
number to his vote, and that he would reassemble
the board and have the correction made. But
sufficient time having elapsed to have the mistake
corrected, if it existed, and as it could in nowise
change the result, the board did not think it ex-
pedient to make longer delay for that purpose;"
when they state, in their note appended to An-
derson's certificate, that they delayed merely to
consider the question of the power of the county
board to amend their first certificate.
It will be observed that they state in their mem-
orandum to the Anderson certificate, that in the
case of the mistake in Hart county they required
the original certificate on file in the clerk's office
to be sent up, together with the affidavits of the
examiners as to its correctness, whilst in the cer-
tificate of Wheat they say it was merely an
amended copy.
By this it will be seen that both the sitting mem-
ber and the State board are committed against the
doctrine that a county board dies as soon as it
issues a certificate, though the same be erroneous,
and that it is beyond its power to reassemble and
correct the same. The sitting member, by his
own action in reassembling the boards in Boyle
and Adair counties, and claiming the advantage
he presumed he would derive then from corrected
certificates in the counties named, has clearly stul-
tified himself.
The State board, by its action in the Bullett
and Wheat case, strongly admits the right of the
county board to do what it denies to it in my case.
Does the difference m the political aspect of the
two cases excuse the inconsistency? This ques-
tion I leave to the country for its answer.
Mr. Speaker, my own consistency with refer-
ence to this subject of amended certificates has
been sought to be impeached by the sitting mem-
ber and his partisans, and the idea of estoppel as
operating against the propriety of every advant-
age accruing to me from the amended certificate
from the county of Cumberland suggested.
The sitting member suggests this in his response
to my notice.
All of this is based upon the testimony of Levi P.
Baker, of Wayne county. Here is his testimony:
" D\ Mr. ArrnERSo??:
" Question. State what you heard J. S. Chrisman state
with reference to amended certificates bemgsent before the
State hoard ; state when tie baid it.
" Jhmccr. On Sunday evening after the late election, ac-
coidm* to my lecollection, Chrisman received some news
fiom Greene county, which he thought elected him; Chris-
man-aid he had beat thcni. Some person asked him what
he was going to do with theamended certificate from Boyle
count}. He said it was too late; that it was a Know
Nothing tuck ; that they h<td examined the book', and if
then' \\a<- any mistake they had done it themselves, and
that it was too lute to rectify it; that they could not cheat
hinioutoi hiselcetion in thatmannei. Thisi*myleeoilec-
Uon oi the lom.uks made by Chusman upon that subject.
u Cross-examined.
"Question, llow and when did you fh&t learn that a mis-
take was made against Anderson in the certificate of the
county boaid of examiners for Uo.vJe county, and that an
amended certificate would be rr.aric and forwarded by the
said board conecupg tiie mistake f
"Answer. The first that I heard about it was on Wednes-
day or Thursday week alter the election. I think.
" Question. Jhd or did not Mi. Chrisman leave here on
Tuesday week next after tiie election ?
uJlnsv:er. He leit hetc not long after the election. 1 ex-
pect it w<b on Tuesday week next aitei the election."
The gross contradiction in this testimony is its
own refutation.
The witness says he heard me object to the
amended certificate from Boyle county on Sunday
evening after the election. The House will rec-
ollect, from Zimmerman's and Barbec's testi-
mony, that it was on that very evening the sitting
member first discovered the mistake in Boyle
county, upon which the amended certificate was
predicated. How could I, living sixty-odd miles
from where the mistake was discovered, express
an opinion upon the point at the very time when
it was detected ? I will say here, theie is no tel-
egraph or railroad connection between the two
points.
The witness afterwards, upon cross-examina-
tion by the sitting member, says he never heard
of the mistake m Boyle county until Wednesday
or Thursday week after the election. The House
will see this is Wednesday orThursday after the
Sunday he cays he heard me express an opinion
upon it.
I do not suppose there is any necessity for fur-
ther comment upon this witness's evidence, or to
defend my consistency against any such testi-
mony.
The sitting member having been defeated on a
fair count, evidently fully appreciates the import-
ance of showing that, by the record, after correct-
ing clerical misprisions, I did not receive a major-
ity. He knows that, whilst the judges may err,
they are selected for their probity, intelligence,
and" standing, and from long residence in their
respcefi vo precincts arr personally acquainted wilh
most of the voters; and that,m consequence thfir
judgment, is, in general, moio reliable than that
of any other tribunal, judicial or legislative, be-
fore which a contested election can be brought.
In the effort to show Idid not,receive a majouty,
deducting clerical misprisions, the silting member
claims, and the majouty of the co.ivmiittee allow
him—
A mistake in iiojle county m adding up 4
A mistake in locording the vote ol Wiiham R. 15ow-
inan, or I o\lo county 1
A miJ-take in iceormng the vote oi Ktchard IVmkryMst,
of Doyle, county  1
A mistake, in lecordmg the vote of James Stout, oi Lin-
coln county 2
A mistake in iceoiding the vote of Horace Wnheis, of
Pubis-ki county ! 2
A mistake in lecordmg the vote of George R. Vaugiit, of
1'ulaski county   J
A mistake in lecoidmg the vote of Fiank Hanson, of
Putn^ki eoumv  1
A mistake in lecoidmg the vote of James ilurt.ol \Y ay no
county   2
A mi-stake in iceoidmg the vote of ivter I'hip-s, o{ Wayne
county 1
A mistake in iccoidiug the voteo! S.M. Maker, ot Adair
county 1
A mMake m recording lhe vote of A. J. Yoik, of Clinton
county  1
A mistake in erasing the names ot the following petaons
fiom the poll-li&t in Clinton county, after tiicy had
voted and left the polls, ^aid persons having voted for
Anderson, namely: W. A. Sid well, Jesse Sidwell, and
W. G. Ellis  3
A mistake in not recording and counting for Anderson
the votes of B. W.Mo-ssand C. B.Kirkland, who w<*re
legal and qualified voters, and who offcied to cast their
votes tor Andcidon  2
A mistake in recording the votes of Delany, Giiflin, and
Chilton after the closing of the polls 3
The mistake in Boyle county in adding up, I
have already discussed.
The error in recording the vote of William R.
Bowman is conccded by me to the sitting mem-
ber.
As regards the alleged mistake in the vote of
Richard Pendcrgrast, the recoid' is sought to be
impeached by what the voter was heard to say
before and after ho voted. Such proof is wholly
inadmissible. The voter, who could have testi-
fied how he voted, was not even summoned to
testify; and it is proved that he was still residing
in the first precinct of iioyie county. The record
shows he did not vote; and if he did, it was easy
to produce some witness who heard a viva voce
vote.
The vote of Stout, so far from being claimed
by the sitting member, was actually objected to
by him in his response, for alleged incompetency
to vote at all; and an examination of the certified
manuscript poll-book will show he voted and was
recorded and counted for my opponent, and was
not recorded or counted for mc'.
The mistake with reference to Messrs. With-
ers, Vaught, Harrison, Hurt, Phips, Baker, and
A. J. York arc admitted by me.
It is evident that the votes of W. A. Sidwell,
'Jesse Sidwell, W. A. Ellis, B. W. Moss, mid C.
B. Kirkland, as well as those of William Griffin,
Frank Delany, and John Chilton, in all, eight,
cannot be claimed as clerical misprisions. In all
these cases the judges of election acted, and their
action is only represented by the record. There
is no variance between their judgment and the
record, but both arc in exact accordance. If the
judges erred, and it is submitted they did not, the
errors were errors of judgment, and not clerical
misprisions.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky, obtained the
floor.
EXECUTIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the gentleman from
Kentucky proceeds with his argumentinthiscase,
1 desire to ask that the Senate amendments to the
executive and legislative appropriation bill be or-
dered to be printed.
It was so ordered.
PUBLIC STORES CONTRACT.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I desire to have,
entered a motion to reconsider the vote by which
the report of the special committee on the public
stores contiact was postponed to next session.
KENTUCKY CONTESTED ELECTION AGAIN.
Mr. SHERMAN. I gave notice that I would
call up the legislative bill to-night; but on account
of the final adjournment having been postponed,
I will not do so. I therefore give notice that if
, any gentle men desire to make speeches to night,
i the public business will not interfere with them,
j Mr. STIIATTON. I desire to announce that
j I will call the previous question, after debate is
j gone into by the contestant and sitting member,
; and such other gentlemen of the cummittec who
; choose to address the House.
I Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. Idonotpro-
j pose, in the remarks I shall make on this occasion,
| to weary the patience of the House by discussing
i outside and collateral issues. But I desire to call
attention, in as short a time as possible, to the
points material to the issue. There are many
matters alluded to by the gentleman [Mr. Chris-
man] who has just spoken, to which I wiil not
on this occasion respond; because this is not a
lit time or place to do so. { may have an oppor-
tunity hereafter, upon a more opportune occasion,
to discuss such questions as are not connected
with the matter now before the House. I there-
fore say that, if the House will give me its hearing,
I will call its attention to the more material facts
involved in the issue, and nothing else. And I
promise that what I state shall be the truth, and
nothing but the truth. I shall defy the gentleman
or any member of the minority of the committee,
or member of this House, to controvert any posi-
tion which I shall-take. If he does so, I will
promise to refer to the proofs to sustain me.
I desire now to have read the report of the corn-
mittce.
The report was read, as follows:
On the 1st of August, 1859, an election for Representa-
tives in Congress \va> held in the State of Kentucky.
In the fourth congressional district WilliamC. Anderson
and James S. Ohri.-nnm were the opposing candidates,
i Mr. Andeison leceived a certificate of election Irom the
! piopcr officer*, under the laws of Kentucky, and is now
\ the Mttins member, m the piesent Co gres , trom thatdis-
| tuet. Mr. Chrt-man being dis-saushrd with the action of
, the hoaid of State canva- er>. rerved notice of contest
j upon the returned member, m accordance with the provis-
[ ions of the act of Febiaun, 1651, to which the tatter re-
• .--ponded; and proofs m support of their respective allega-
! uons have been reguJaiiy taken, under said act, and rc-
' turned to this House.
; The fourth conjrre^ionai district of Kentucky comprises
i eleven counties and ?ixiy-lour voting piecuicts. Ky the
! laws of that State the election hoaid at each precinct con-
sists of two judge*, a clerk, (who are appointed by the
) county eomtj) and the sheriff or hi> deputy. It is the duty
of this boaid to count the vote* ea*t at each precinct, ana
i eeitifythe result,^undet their &ignatme>, to the boaid of
i cotmtv canvass**! *• The latter board consists of the pre-
I Kidma'jadjje of the county court, the eleik thereof, and the
sheitff or other officer acting for him at an election.
The poll-books fiom the ditfeient piecints ar<-required
by law to be deposited with the county clerk within two
days after ant Auction. On the next day the board (that is,
the county boaid) slial! meet in the cieik's office, between
