2136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
fonrn overland mails, which are charged to my
State m this report of the Postmaster General, he
will find that my State comcs §100,000 nearer pay-
ing the expenses of carrying her mails than docs
the gentleman's own State. He will find also that
when the Postmaster General applied the pruning
knife, he cutoff five times asmuch in my State as
he did in the State of Kentucky.
These are a few nuts which I leave the gentle-
man to crock at his leisure.
Mr. PHELPS. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky is to strike out the whole
proviso. I desire to strike out only part of the
proviso, commencing at line fourteen, after the
word " limitatation" down to and including line
seventeen, in these words:
"And where the service has been actually performed by
the contractor, notwithstanding such discontinuance, tfie
Postmaster General shall pay the contractors as it no change
h«d been ordered."
I am opposed to the entire proviso inserted in
this bill. I hold that the Postmaster General had
the right to reduce, or curtail, or discontinue any
of the existing mail scrvicc of the United States.
And it became necessary, in consequence of the
failure of the Post Office appropriation bill, last
session, for him to endeavor to economize as far
as he could, and to make the revenue of the Post
Office Department somewhere near the expenses
of that Department. Now, the proposition winch
is embraced in the part which 1 propose to strike
out, is a premium to those contractors who re-
fused to obey the orders of the Postmaster General.
For instance: if a contractor could find a postmas-
ter at the termini of a route willing to give him the
mail as often as the original contract specified
and oftener than the reduced service specified, as
directed by the Postmaster General, he took the
mail and carried it, notwithstanding the order of
the Department; and this clause proposes to pay
them in the same manner as if the service had
not been reduced, thereby holding out apremium
to the postmasters and the contractors for disobe-
dience of orders of the Department, which orders
the Department had the right to issue. There
were many contractors who complied literally
with the orders. Where the service was stricken
down from daily to three times a week, or from
semi-weekly of tri-weelvly to weekly, the greater
number of the contractors complied with the orders
made by the Postmaster General in that respect.
All of them were willing to execute their con-
tracts, and perform the service their contracts
called for, and had been (o nil the expense neces-
sary to enable them to do so; yet you propose to
pay them, because they obeyed the orders of the
Postmaster General, only the reducd amount of
compensation, while you piopose to pay those
who were able to get the mails at the termini of
the different routes from the postmasters, and who
carried them in opposition to the orders of the
Department—men who \iolated the orders of the
Department—yon propose to pay them, 1 say, the
full amount of their original contract. Those who
were ready to acquiesce and who did acquiesce
in the. orders of the Department are to receive
only partial pay.
Mr. TAPPAN. I rise to say a few words in
opposition to the amendment of the gentleman
from Missouri, and 1 hope the words indicated
by him will not be stricken out. It is well known
that when this arbitrary curtailment of the postal
service was made, some of the oldest routes m
the Union—where the people had had mail facil-
ities for a series of years—were reduced from a
daily mail to a semi-weekly, and sometimes to
a weekly scrvice; and that the people wu-e indig-
nant at the reduction of their mad faeib ties. They
were anxious to have their mails carried as they
had previously been; and in my .State the people
in many instances paid for the carrying of those
mads out of their own private pockets, rather
than have the scrvice cut down. They could not
get along without the facilities, in that respect,
which they had been accustomed to enjoy. It
wa«undei such circumstances that the contractors
in many instances stepped forward and o lie red to
do the duty in the same way that they had done
it before; trusting to the good sense and justice
of Congress to pay them for doing that which
they oiigmally contracted to do. Now, that por-
tion of the proviso which the gentleman from
Missouri proposes to strike out, provides that
where the mails have been carried m that way,
remuneration shall be given according to the ori-
ginal contract. Therefore I trust that the motion
to strike out will not be agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of 'Maine. Will the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire yield to me for a
moment?
Mr. TAPPAN. Certainly.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. There is an
instance within my knowledge in which a mail
route, where there has been a daily mail for twenty
or thirty years, was cut down to a tii-weekly
mail scrvice. It was a mail route which accom-
modated nearly one third of the whole State of
Maine. The country was at once in an uproar.
The contractors said that they would carry the
mail as they had done theretofore, and rely on the
good faith of Congress to pay them for perform-
ing the same service that thev had asrrced to per-
form in the beginning. The Post Office Depart-
ment authorized them to carry the mail on those
terms; and now the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Phelps] undertakes to deprive them of what
they honestly earned.
Mr. TAPPAN". That has been the case in re-
peated instances in New Hampshire; and the con-
tractors have been compelled by the clamor of
the people to carry the mails, and rely on the good
faith of Congress to remunerate them afterwards
[Here the hammer foil.]
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, intended to perfect the original text, before
the question is taken oil striking it out. This
section restores the mail service of the country.
It is preposterous for anybody to arsuc, and I do
not understand the gentleman from Kentucky to
argue, that the restoration of the inland service
would restore the Tehuantepcc route. If that is
" inland," I do not understand the forcc of lan-
guage. But there is one route which is not re-
stored by the provisions of this bill, and I there-
fore move the following amendment:
ANn, mute GO 12, by "tcaincr l^ibrl, shall be restored, at
the i.itc nt a year, fiom Charleston, via Savannah,
to Key VVe>t, to 30th June, 1863.
In 1847, thirteen years ago, Congress author-
ized the establishment of a mail line between the
cities of Charleston and Savannah, via Key West,
to Havana, m Cuba. 11 was continued during
various Administrations, up to the present one.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the amendment is not in order at this time.
The question is on the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] on which
debate i^ exhausted.
Mr. MILLION. There are scarcely sixty
membeis piesent. I wish to give notice that a«
this proviso contemplates novel and very dan-
gerous legislation, 1 shall demand a vote by tell-
ers. I have no idea of legislating on such a subject
with a handful of members.
Mr. WASHBUIUN'F., of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from Virginia will insist oil that, and
have members brought in here.
Mr. PI IKLPS. The amendment which I have
submitted 1 have submitted in good faith. I do-
sire to have these woids stricken out, even if the
proviso be adopted. 1 am opposed to the proviso;
but I do not desire 
Mr. WASlILiURN, of Maine. Is debate in
order ?
The CtIA HIMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. PHELPS. I was desirous of explain-
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not m order.
The question being on Mr. Piielts's amend-
ment,
Mr. MILLSOX called for tellers.
Tellers were oidered; and Messrs. Millson,
and Washburnx of Illinois, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 30, noes 93.
So Mr. Pim.i's's amendment was rejected.
Mr. COLFAX. An amendment is now in
order to perfect the proviso sought to be stricken
out by the motion of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, | Mr. Brns'ett.]
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. COLFAX. Then I move to amend by
inserting after the last amendment the following:
Al*o route by steamer Isabel, shall be restored, at the
rate of ^0.000 a year, from Charleston, via Savannah, to
key West, to the 30th of June, 1S63.
This is a section of the Union the most distant
and remote from my own residence. 1 confess
that when the petition for this restoration was
first presented to the Post Office Conmfittee, and
before examining it, I did not favor compliance
with it. But after looking into the matter, after
hearing gentlemen of this IIousc and the Senate,
who came before us, and after reading the peti-
tions sent to us from all sections of the sea-board,
my mind has changed, and I now feel pleasure,
as an act of justice and of duty, in moving the
amendment.
In 1847, Congress authorized the establishment
ofamail route from Charleston,via Savannah and
Key West, to Havana, in the Island of Cuba. It
was continued during several Administrations,
by several Postmasters General, the contract be-
ing performed by the steamer Isabel. It is well
known that Congress, two or three years ago,
passed a law declaring that the Postmaster Gen-
eral should not be authorized to make any con-
tract, except for postages, with foreign steamship
lines. The mails by this Isabel line were all inland
or domestic, except that there was a terminus at
Havana, Cuba. Therefore the present Postmas-
ter General saw fit, as he had a right to do, to
discontinue the service. The service is now fur-
nished in a round-about way, by Fernandinaand
Cedar Keys, occupying from three to five days;
while the service was performed, with the most
punctual regularity, by the Isabel, m forty-eight
hours from Charleston, and forty-one hours from
Savannah. I admit that the service is not a self-
sustaining one, as the postages on the route are
but a little over ten thousand dollars. The Post
OlHce Committee have cut off the Havana end of
the route, so as to bring it within the law, by
making it a domestic route, and restoring the con-
tract to the steamship Isabel, from Charleston,
via Savannah, to Key West, in Florida. Of course
the steamer will run to Havana, but still the mail
route wtll be a domestic one.
Along the Florida coast is the most dangerous
navigation of our whole sea-board. More vessels
are wrecked there than on any other coast of the
country, not even excepting the dangerous coast
of Barnegat, south of New York. The steam-
boat Isabel is in the habit, every month, of bring-
ing news of wrecks of vessels on that coast, to
the agents of the underwriters at Key West and
Charleston, to be speeded by the telegraph all
over the country, and to secure the prompt assist-
ance needed for their relief and for the preserva-
tion of lives and property. This shows that the
route is a valuable one to the commercial interests
of the country as well as to the postal service of
that region. No later than last November five
wrecks 3n yon that Florida coast, which would have
all gone to pieces in the surf that prevailed had
it not been for the speedy intelligence of their con-
dition, brought by the Isabel to the agents of the
underwriters at Key West. Many lives have been
saved from wrecked vessels by this steamer.
There were nine persons saved from one vessel
by the steamer Isabel while she was passing them
under her postal contract. So important was this
route deemed, that the late Postmaster General
(Mr. Crown) thought that this ought to be made
an exceptional case to the general rule.
When the contract was given to the owners of
the steamer Isabel, Congress required them to
build a steamer fit for war purposes. They did so
wisely; because,in case of war, that portion of the
| country is one of tho points that an enemy would
inevitably direct his attack against. Having very
few fortifications on our coast, it is right to
strengthen ourselves in this way. The steamer
was inspected by Commodore Goldsborough, of
the Navy, and reported fit for war purposes.
Every year she is hauled up for two months, and
overhauled at an expense of $10,000, to be kept
in a condition ready to be taken at a day's warn-
ing, by the Government, for war purposes; and
during that time the owners of tins vessel have
to secure another vessel, the Catawba, at their
own expense, to c.ary the mails on the route.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Of course, Mr.
Chairman, all my wishes are with this proposi-
tion; but, as I undeistand it, while this steam line
from Charleston to Havana is in operation on the
Atlantic side, there is a steam linebn the Gulf
side,and there isalso a railroad across the isthmus
of Florida. On this railroad, intercepting the
steamboat line on that side, the mails can be car-
ried on to Havana within the expense contcm-
