1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sustained by competent and sufficient testimony, we have
deducted the vote fiom the party for whom it was cast.
Ju every case where the committee had any doubt a< to the
challenge being fully su&tatned by the evidence, the vote
has not been disturbed. The contestant lias challenged by
name 113 votes, and the siuii g member 21 J. In many in-
stances, no pioof was offered to sustain the challenge. We
find that of the number challenged by the contestant. 25 arc
shown by competent proof to have been illegal votes, aud
wc have deducted them from the poll of the fitting mem-
ber. Of those challenged by the fitting member. 81 are
proved to have been illegal, aud they arc deducted hom the
poll of the contestant. Wc append to our report schedules
marked A and Irrespectively, which contain the names of
the voters whose votes wc have deducted from the re-
spective polls, and a ictercnce to the evidence by which
each challenge is sustained.
With these corrections of the polls, to which our atten-
tion has been directed, the result is as follows:
Anderson's vote 7,] 80
Deduct illegal votes    25
7,15o
Chrisman's vote  7,127
Deduct illegal votes  81
• 7,016
Anderson's majority....   109
In conclusion, the committee beg leave to remark, that,
had every vote challenged by the contestant been sustained
and deducted from the poll of the sitting member, it would
still have leithima majority beyond that ascertained by tlie
official returns. In cveiy view oi the case which has been
piesented, wc believe the sitting member is the duly elected
Representative of the fourth congressional district of Ken-
tucky, and we theiefore a>k the coueuuencc of the House
in the following resolution •
Resolved, That Hon. William C. Anderson is entitled to
the seat now held by him as Representative in the Thnty-
Sixth Uongrefas hom the fouith congressional distuet of
Kentucky.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. Mr. Presi-
dent, I claim to be elected a Representative in Con-
gress from the fourth congressional district of Ken-
tucky, arid I say that the verdict has been returned
in my favor by four distinct, independent tribu-
nals; and I trust, when the vote o'f this House shall
be taken, it will tiflirm what these others have done.
The officers of election counted the votes, and de-
claied me duly clccted. The county board of the
different counties met according to law. They
duly counted the votes on the Thursday after the
election, and certified that I was elccted. Then
the State boetrdutFrankfort,consi lingof the Gov-
ernor, attorney general, and secretary of State—
men of the highest character and standing in the
profession to which they belong—decided that I
was elected; and then the question was brought
before the Committee of Klections of the House;
and after an inspection of fifteen hundied pages of
the record, and after a laborious investigation of
the facts, they repoit that i am entitled to my seat
upon this floor by a majority much larger than
that given by the fcjLUc hoard at Frankfort. Here
are four distinct tribunals who have determined
lln« question. The people themselves, embodied
in the officers of the election,the county board of
all the counties in the disiucf, the State board,
which is composed of the three highest ofliccis m
the State of Kentucky, and the Committee of
Elections, which is composed of men of charac-
ter and standing, and selected Irom different por-
tions of the Union, have determined the question;
and if thei e is a doubt, under such cucunisUuiccs,
i am entitled to the benefit of it. But I do not
claim benefit of a doubt, i desire every man on
this floor to investigate the case according to the
proof; and if he believes that I am not entitled to
my seat, I desire that lie shall vote to give the
seat to the contestant.
But, sir, 1 do believe, and I not only behove,
but ) know the fact, that on the proof m this rec-
ord I am honestly and fairly elected, by a major-
ity at least twenty times larger than that given
me by the State board at Fiankfoit. So much
upon that point. And, by the way, let me ailude
to one thing outside the issue—and J only do it
for the purpose of putting myself right. Thegcn-
tleman says lhar l had possession of the poll-
books. That is true;but,at the same time, when
he told you that I had possession of the poll-
books, why did not he tell you timtthis was after
the comparison of the polls and the returns made,
and that he had possession of the poll-books in
his own county, and that, loo, ptior to the com-
parison of the polls, and that the seals of the books
in his own county were broken before the count
was made. Why did he not tell you that? And,
moreover, why did he not tell you that Ins step-
father is the clerk of the court of Ins county, and
his nephew the deputy clerk; that they had the
custody of the poll-books; and that although the
law requires that the seals shall not be broken
until the Thursday following the election, the
seals were broken before that time? And those
books were in his possession. Now, I do not
charge anything: wrong. 1 do not suppose that
anything was done wrong by the clerk or his
deputy; I only allude to it from the fact that he
told the House that my friends had possession of
the poll-books, and 1 think he said they dese-
crated the Sabbath. They did have their posses-
sion, but that was after the count was made,
whereas he had possession of the poll-books be-
fore any count was made; and Ileave the question
to the House to draw their own conclusions.
There is another thing, and I do not mention it
in any offensive sense towards gentlemen who
differ with m<£ in politics. By the laws of Ken-
tucky the officers of election are required to seal
the poll-books, and they are to remain sealed, in
the custody of the clerk, until the Thursday fol-
lowing the election, when the county board, who
meet between tho hours of ten and twelve, arc to
count the votes. Now, there were several coun-
ties in the district where the seals were broken,
and among the number was the county in which
the gentleman resides, and where his step-father
is clcrk of the court, and his nephew deputy clerk;
and in every solitary county where the seals were
broken before the proper time there turned out to
be a Democratic majority, and every solitary offi-
cer was a Democrat, except one, and he refused
to participate in the count after the seals were
broken. Now, why did he not tell you that? It
is proved by the record.
There is another thing to which I will allude.
His brother was deputy clcrk in the very county
where I reside; and the proof is, that his brother
had the poll-books oftener and more than anyone
else in the county. 1 do not deny having the poll-
books, because they become public records after
the count is made, and can be taken by everybody.
I suppose any man can go to the county clerk's
office and take any record he desires; and my
friend did take the poll-books from the office.
But now, I come to the matter in controversy.
I claim, in the first place, that the State board at
Frankfort, composed of the Governor, the secre-
tary of State, and the attorney general, dccided
the question properly and rightfully in giving me
the certificate of election; and 1 do not see how
any reasonable and unprejudiced man can come
to any otherconclusion. Now, what is the point?
I will endeavor to make it plain and distinct; and
if I misstate the statute, gentlemen can eoneet
mc. There are gentlemen heie more conversant,
perhaps, with the statutes of Kentucky than 1 am.
The law requires the county hoard to meet on the
Thursday utter the election, between the hours of
ten and twelve, and count the vote; and immedi-
ately after counting the vote, send a return to the
State board at Frankfort. Now, that was done.
These returns were sent m. Immediately there-
after amistakeof four votes, to my picjudice, was
discovered in the county of Boyie. The board
sent an amended return; but the State hoard le-
jeeted it, saying that they had no right to receive
it. There was another mistake, in the county of
Adair, discovered to my piejudice; and that also
certified to the State board, which they rejected;
and these mistakes were before anybody ever
heaid of any mistake to his prejudice in Cumber-
land county. If they weie my political friends,
and were controlled by improper motives, why
did they not receive the amended returns m my
favor? But I say they decided correctly. The
statute required thecountv board to discharge the
duty of making the count at a certain day and
hour; and when they had done that, they were
certainly functus officio. There is no doubt about
that. What right had they to reassemble after
that, and recount the vote ?
The law of Kentucky fixes the time, the place,
the hour when this thing shall be done; and jt was
done, and the State board, 1 say, acted in direct
conformity to the statute of Kentucky. They
crave the ceitificate in accordance with the leturns
made. What returns ? The returns made at the
time and place, and in the manner prescribed by
tho statute. In Xventncky men vote viva voce, and
after the Thursday succeeding the election, the
poll-books become public property, and if you put
any other construction on the statute than the one
which the State board put upon it in a closely-
contested race, returns would' come in, time afte*
time,and there would ben&end to the controversy.
The only safety and security to the rights of voter* -
is that the returns shall be se-nt in in the time and
manner prescribed by the statute, and the State
board so decided.
The gentleman has alluded to the case of Wheat
and Bullock. There is a marked distinction be-
tween that case and this case. The gentleman
stated some of the facts connccted with that case;
but did not state the point. The law of Kentucky
requires the county board to make three copies of
the returns, one ot which is to be sent to Frank-
fort by mail-, one by private hand, and one to be
retained in the country clerk's office. The return
sent by private hand gave Wheat's vote at 122,
in Hart county, and the one sent by mail put itat
222. There were two convicting returns. It wag
clearly a mistake, and the State board sent and
got a copy of the original in the officc of the county
clerk, which corresponded with the return givjng
the vote at 222, which elected Wheat judge of the
court of appeals, of Kentucky. Now, sir, is that
different from this case? Theie is no similarity
between the two cases.
Mr, STEVENSON. I do not like to interrupt
the'gentleman, but if he will allow me, I desire
in this connection, to read the certificate.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. Certainly.
I have no objection.
Mr. STE'VENSON. The certificate of the
county board is this:
Mem.—The above certificate is based on returns regu-
laily made out and ceitified by the respective boaids of ex-
amineis on the day fi.\ed by law, and duly remrned to the
scetetary of Slate. An amended ictutu was forwarded
from Boyle county, certifying that there wa* a mistake of
4 votes against W. C. Anderson, as appeared by a reexam-
ination and scrutiny of tfae poll-books. Appended to this
collected return is a statement l>y the clcrk, Unit alter tho ,
examiners had given the ceitifieate ot the vote of the coun-
ty. he, the cleik, had loaned the pall-books liom his office
to some gentleman, wlio discoveicd the crim which is at-
tempted to be connected, aud repotted it to the examiners,
who, on ^examination, found it was so. Alter this, ami
altei all the letting lor the diMiictwerc in, letteis were
filed witli the seeretaiy, stating that the examiners of Cum-
berland county had made a mistake m tlieii certificate of
the vote of that county, and time was asked to have it
corrected. Tins was gianted in order that alhqueMions
imirlit be fanly made, and a decision had upon tho faets as
they existed. An amended certificate hom Cumberland
county was accordingly foi wauled to the seeretaiy, stating
that the vote or \V. 0 Anderson in that county was 650,
andthntoij. H Clubman 380 Aeeitificatewas-also filed
hom the county ol Ad.ur, stating that there was a clerical
mistake ot one vote against Anderson,
We have leit constrained, m the exereiso of our best
judgment on lite piopor consuuction of law,,to icjoct all
these amended returns, and to issue the certificate aceoid-
ing to the oinjinai leturns made to the secretary of State.
The Uuv im relation to elections provides that the judges
shallattend to tho summing up of the votes, ceitify the poll-
hooiis. and deliver them in i\ scaled envelope to the sltenjf.
The fame law icquncs that each judge sliall i eta in a du-
plicate statement ol tne summing up ot In*prccmet, which,
in n contingency named, maj be used as evidence of the
vote. It atao inquires that the poll-book) of ihu different
ptecmcts shall, within two d.tys after the election, he de-
poMted by the sheritf with the cleik of the county cotut,
and on the next day therealter the board ot exam met? shall
compaic them, ascertain the <*®ir< ctne&> of the summing '
up, and make out tlnee written certificates in the case of a
Kepie.-cmative in Congiess, ceitifywg the number of votes
given in the county foi each of the candidates, one of winch
certificates is to be retained in the clerk5*; office, another
foi warded by mad to the secretary of State, aud the third
bent to the secretary by any private conveyance. We, as
a Slate boaid, arc to act on the return* thus made, and
make our triplicate certificates of those having the highest
number of4;ote«; and our function-* as examiners do not
moie cleat ly cease when we have made our certificate of
elecUoo, than ui out opinion do those of the country cx-
amuiet- nfVt they have ceitificd the full vote of the county.
H tin*) be not the ju-'t and ptoper conduction of the law,
why j'-quuetbe poll-books to be sealed up when they p.i^s
out oi ihe hand- of judges of election? It a correction
can I)" made nine d.iys ai'tet the poll book-  are unhealed
aud opened to tin; inspection of whoever uiay choose to
examui" tlicm, oi aftei they have been taken out of the
eh'ik'.i office, these would he but little efficacy in lequinng
them to he ocab-d ui tnc fiiot instance.
Jl such addiuonal leitunsaio legal, the State board of
e\ammci would be bound to receive and act on whatever
collection should l>" made before their certificates were
given   and as then functions arc eonfincd to the summing
up the vot".-, tbe> would bo precluded from any mquny
as to the manner m which Mich collections weie brought
about. Th'-y eouid not institute an inquiry a« to whether
or not ihc poll-book* had been changed or altered alter tho
seals were hioken and thej had passed into othei bands
than the examine!.-.'. The amended eeitific.ite- would, m
all eases, neee.ssiu ,lj b.' conclusive on the examiners hcte.
Wc think, tneiofore, u n cloa.. w nen the county boaid
have acted on 5he poll-book-^ of the whole county, aud de-
livered their eeiuficates to the cleik, who ha*? iiansinltted
them to the secretary, that their lunenoni erase, and they
have no powei to i ecail or change those ceitificates-
The supposed analogy between this case aud that of the
special judicial election in 1857 will be found, on cxamma-
