1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
plated by the general law on the subject of foreign
postal service. The question then is, will this
House give $50,000 a year to keep the steamer
Isabel afloat for the considerations adverted to by
the chairman of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads? These considerations are, the
prompt transmission of information of wrecks and
other coastcasualties. We seem disposed to saddle
every sort of outside expense on the Post Office
Department. If the committee propose to establish
the line forsuchconsiderations as were adverted to
by the chairman of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, let the expense be charged
to the Treasury; but if the line is to be established
for postal service, then such considerations form
no argument to be submitted to this body.
Mr. FOSTER. Will the gentleman from Vir-
ginia yield to me?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Certainly.
Mr. FOSTER. I merely want to state that I
have been on this boat, and know something
about her; and I regard her as one of the most re-
liable mail boats on the continent of America. I
hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Why, Mr. Chair-
man, are we to make an appropriation from the
Treasury for the support of a steamboat because
it is a comfortable and desirable one? Is that the
argument of the gentleman from Maine?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KE1TT. I move a pro forma amendment
to the amendment, to increase the appropriation
one dollar. I have seen a letter from the post-
master at Charleston, in which the fact is stated
that twelve thousand and five hundred letters go
by this boat during a quarter, and only twenty-five
hundred by the regular mail train. One carries
the mail regularly within three days; the other
takes from five to eight days. The Chambers of
Commerce of Savannah, Charleston,Wilmington,
Baltimore, Philadelphia, New York, Boston, and
Portland, have all urged the importance of rein-
stating-this line. The former Postmaster General
deemed it of so much importance, that he said he
would himself take the responsibility of doing it,
when the revenue would be sufficient. I ask an
extract from the Postmaster General's letter to be
read.
The Clerk read the following extract from a
letter from the Postmast# General to Senator
Hammond, in response to certain inquires touch-
ing the Isabel contract and the transportation of
mail matter by her:
"'1 lie schedule time allowed the steamer Isabel on tlic
J ate route No. G04-7, from Charloton, via Savannah and
Key U'c-f, to Havana, nut and back, waseiglu davs. The
service wa^ performed with <*ruat regulanty. The round
trip, out and hack, w.is usually p'.-rloiiiied in seven day.-.-—
oik* day le>H than the time allowed in the -clirdulc.
" The postmaster at (Jliailp-ton r<-port-> that the number
of Jotters dehveied at his office, from 1st ot October, 18.59,
to l&t of Januar). I860, on the return trips troin Havana
and Key Wf^t, via Cedar Keys and Fenuiwhna, wa-> not
ovei two hundred ; and that the number dehvned by the
l*abeion her return ti ip  from Havana foi the same peuod
was ten thousand and twcnty-thi^e."1
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I desire to say
i\ single word to the committee. 1 am a member
of the Committee oil the Post Office and Post
Roads. I believe that this bill received the con-
currence of all the member of the committee save
myself. If J had not. been called home I should
have filed a minority report. But as I had not an
opportunity to do so, I desire now, Mr. Chair-
man, to make tins statement, so that I may ap-
pear right on the record hereafter.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Chairman, I oppose the
amendment submitted by the gentleman from
South Carolina. Three or four years since, the
Congress of the United States provided that no
contract should be made for the transportation of
foreign mails where the compensation would ex-
ceed the amount of postages received. The gen-
tleman from South Carolina says that this is not
a foreign mail. I understand that it is for the
purpose of evading that provision, and giving in-
creased compensation for carrying the mails, that
the service is fixed from Charleston to Key West,
with the expectation, however, that the steamer
will extend her trips to Havana. I desire to have
the remarks of the Postmaster General, made in
hisaunual report, commenting upon this Isabel
service, read to the House. Whilst T agree that
the service is important and convenient to those
who may travel, nevertheless it is establishing a
mail route to a foreign country, and paying for
the service four or five times as much as the post-
ages received. I ask the Clerk to read from the
report of the Postmaster General what I send up.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Isabel Service.—For the last five years- the mails be-
tween Havana and Ohaileston and Savannah have been
conveyed in a steamship—the Isabel—performing semi-
monthly tups at an annual compensation of $90,000, au-
thorized by Congress, but payable out of the revenue of the
Depaitment. The postages leceived from these mails dur-
ing the p;ist year amounted to but $10,057 66. The con-
ttact, involving thus a loss of nearly fiity thousand dollars
per annum, Was in its operation of a most oppressive char-
acter, and upon its expuanon on the 30th of June, its re-
newal was declined. Foitunately for the public interests!,
the approaching completion of the Flouda railroad enabled
the Department to !>end these mails across the peninsula
from Fernandina to Cedar Key.-, where they connect with
the Gulf mail reamers fiom New Oilcans, and proceed di-
rectly on, via Key West, to Havana. The seivice out and
returning is now regularly performed, and costs the Depart-
ment only the inland and *ea postages. This results from
the fact that the mute from Charleston and Savannah, via
Fernandina and Cedar Keys, to Key West, being already in
operation for the local mails, the outlay for the service is
fn nothing incieased by the addition of those foi and fiom
Havana. The substitution, tbeitffore, of this route foi that
of the Isabel, N a saving to the Department of $49,942 34
per annum. This loute is not only preferable to the other
on the score of economy, butalso because it supplies many
pot officer; whereas the one for which it is substituted
bupphed but a single intermediate office—I hat of Key West.
The Depaitment was urged by citizens of Charleston to
e.viend the con ti act with theowncj of the Isabel, from com-
mercial eon>uleiations, but did not feel justified in giving
to such eon^ideiations the weight claimed for them.
" Tins laige subsidy would ceitainly enable the owner
of the Isabel to cany freight and passengers at reduced
rates; but if there benny constitutional warrant foi the
Government's beMowing this advantage ou the inhabitants
of a single city, while it is denied to those of othei cities,
such advantage should brt nought fiom the public Trea-ury,
and iiio^ assuredly not at the hands oi this Department.
With the embaila^smeuts pret-smg upon it, and with the
knowledge that thoie aie many communities now having
weekly, which de^ne and deserve setni and tn-weekly,
mail>,and many othets with tn-weekly which aie entitled
to daily semco, it \v«*i> not possible to devote some lilty
thousand dollat-. per annum ot'ti-. jovenues to faciht ltu and
cheapen the transportation of passengers and nieiehandi^e
befween Chatlesion and Havana, without a flagrant and
culpably deichction ot duty.. No reason is pnceived w'-iy
the policy indicated by the*act of U35S, which fixes the
compensation forioieign mail seiviec priformed by Amer-
ican vc^eN, .it the inland and sea poMager^ should not be
applicable to tin-, as to other foreign mails. If it be inbi^ted
that the steamer's touching at Key West deteiimnes as
domeMic the poition of the mute between that point and
Chaile^ton, then we h<i\e $10,007 f>l3, oi the inland and sea
postages, for the tian&poitation ot in:I1'* between Ha-
vana and Key Wot, and 'M for their conveyance
between the Key and Cluiileston and Savannah, though
the latter part ol the loute yields to the Department a reve-
nue of bin a few bundled dollars. Such an admuustiatiou
of the po.-tal fund would be to the l;e-t degree impiovideut
and wasteful, ib it would be unjust to the public to which
that fund belongs."
Mr, PHELPS. I think the argument of the
Postmaster General is unanswerable.
Mr. KEITT, by unanimous consent, withdrew
his amendment to the amendment.
Mr. LOVE. I move ■pro forma to amend the
amendment by adding $1,000.
Mr. Chan man, I represent the city of Savan-
nah, which is deeply interested in this question.
I, therefore, ask the indulgence of the. commit-
tee to say a word upon this subject, and par-
ticularly to answer that portion of the report of
the Postmaster General in regard to the expend-
itures for carrying on tins mail service. The
Postmaster General says that the discontinuance
of this service by the Isabel is a saving to the De-
partment of about forty-nine thousand dollars,
and I beg the committee to remember that he says
it is a saving to the Department of that amount. I
will show vou how that is. By the act of 1837, it
was prescribed that the 530,000 should be paid
! out of the Post Office revenues. At present the
1 expense of carrying the mails from Charleston to
| Havana comes immediately out of theTieasurv.
| The cost of carrying the mails at present froin
Charleston to Fernandina is $39,000; the cost ot
| carrying the mails from Fernandina to Cedar Keys
; is $15,000, which of itself amounts to $54,000.
I Then the cost of carrying the mails by New Or-
j leans, Pensacola, Appalacincola, St. Mark, Cedar
| Keys, and Key West, to Havana, is $59,000.
j Now, there is no question m the world that the
I carrying of the mails from Charleston, by Fer-
' nandma, and Cedar Keys, to Key West and Ha-
vana, entered largely into the consideration of
that law; and as Cedar Keys is about equi-distant
between New Orleans and Key West and Ha-
vana, the probability is, that it takes about halt
of the $59,000 to carry that mail. Now, add to-
gether the $39,000 for carrying the mails from
Charleston to Fernandina, and the $15,000 from
Fernandina to Cedar Keys, and the $59,000 from
Cedar Keys to Key West and Havana, and it
makes the whole amount to over eighty thousand
dollars; so that the Postmaster General speaks
truly when he says that it is a saving to the De-
partment of $49,000. But it is a tax upon the
Treasury of $80,000 That is the truth about it.
It is shifting the #50,000 paid out of the revenues
of the Post Officc Department directly upon the
Treasury, and paying a bonus of $30,000. That
is the truth about it.
Mr. COLFAX. I oppose the amendment to
the amendment, for the purpose of saying a word
or two in reply to the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. MILLSON. Does the gentleman rise to
oppose the amendment? (
Mr. COLFAX. Yes, sir; I am opposed to the
amendment to the amendment, because I think
the amount fixed in the original amendment is
just right.
Mr. MILLSON. That is not a fair interpre-
tation of the five minutes' rule.
Mr. COLFAX. Well, if the gentleman desires
to speak, 1 will give way to him.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Chairman, I said a little
while ago that this proviso to the section con-
tained novel and dangerous legislation; and I shall
vote for the motion of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Burxf.tt,] to strike it out, whether
the amendment shall prevail or not.
As to the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana, it is said that it is not to convey foreign
mails, but that it is domestic service. Now, it is
either one or the other, and I shall treat it in the
alternative. If it be a proposition to carryforeign
mails by ocean steamers, 1 say it is a departure
from the policy winch Congress wisely adopted
two or three years ago, when, by the almost com-
mon consent of the country, we agreed to stop
these subsidies to foreign mail steamers, or to
steamers canying mails to foreign countries. I
do not wish to see that policy revived. It may
be that the Chambers of Commerce of Boston,
New York, Baltimore, and Charleston,desire the
restoration of that policy- They desired the con-
tinuance of the subsidy to the Collins steamers.
Still Congress thought proper to abolish the whole
system, and to throw open the transportation of
foreign mails to fair competition, giving to those
carrying the mails such postages as they should
collect.
If, on the other hand, it be not the transporta-
tion of foreign mails, but domestic service, then
the Postmaster General can establish this line
without our aid. He docs not want the mandate
of Congress. He has authority to do it. And
pray, sir, tell me is it wise, is it safe for Congress
to undertake to discharge the functions of the
1 Postmaster General? I say that it is novel and
I; dangerous legislation. If we undertake to dis-
! charge the duties of the Post Office Department,
jl we shall be detained here from the beginning of
!| the year to the end of it, and then it is not prob-
!| able that we would discharge those duties so well
|: as those intrusted with the administration of the
' Depai tment. This is a matter of administration.
! We must leave the service upon the mail routes
to the Department. As well might wc undertake
I to prescribe to the Secretary of War to what quar-
ters of the country he. shall march the troops of
! the United States; as well might we undertake to
j prescribe to the Secretary of the Navy to what
Si foreign ports or domestic ports he shall order the
II ships of the Navy to go, as to undertake here to
l '1 direct the Postmaster General what routes he shall
;i establish mail scrvicc upon. It is dangeious; it
is, I believe, unprecedented in the legislation of
lj this Government-, and I beg the committee to pause
and ponder over the subject before they-endeavor
:j to establish so dangerous a precedent.
i| The amendment to the amendment was rejected,
ii Mr. COLFAX. I move, pro forma, to amend
the amendment by adding ten dollars to the
amount, for the purpose of saying a word or two.
Charleston, Savannah, and'Key West number
together a population of one hundred thousand
souls. They are entitled to some consideration
from Congress. This is their special, their fa-
vorite route. It is a route which had been estab-
| lished for some thirteen years, and which should
j never have been stricken down. That is the iirst
| point.
I The second pointis,that Gongress deems tvey
