1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1193
Mr. KUNKEL moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Mtlt.sonhav-
ing taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr.
Stanton reported that the Committee of the
Whole had nad under consideration the special
order, being the report of the committee on the
revisioH of the rules of the House of Representa-
tives ; that they had made progress,but had come
to no conclusion thereon; also, that the commit-
tee had had under consideration a bill (H.R. No.
215) making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes for the year ending June 30, 1861,
and had directed him to report the same with an
amendment to the House, and a recommendation
that the same do pass.
Mr. SHERMAN moved the previous question
upon the bill.
The .previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question was stated to be upon concurring
in the amendment of the Committee of the Whole,
being to strike out all from line eight hundred and
eleven to line eleven hundred and sixty-seven, in-
clusive.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. STEVENSON. I wish to. present to the
House the minority report of the Committee of
Electfons, in regard to the contested-election case
in the first congressional district of Michigan.
The majority report in the same case having al-
ready been received and laid over till Monday
next, I move that this minority report be printed
with the majority report, and that its considera-
tion be set for the same day.
The motion was agreed to.
COAST SURVEY REPORT.
Mr. MILES offered a resolution with reference
to the printing of the Coast Survey report; and
moved that it be referred to the Committee on
Printing.
The motion was agreed to.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask leave to withdraw
from the Committee on Commerce sundry me-
morials, asking for the establishment of a naval
board ofinspectors forsteamboat boilers and hulls
in the State of Kentucky, for the purpose of ref-
erence to the committee of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to; and leave granted
accordingly.
BILLS INTRODUCED AND REFERRED.
By unanimous consent, the following bills, of
which previous notice had been given, were in-
troduced and referred;
By Mr. PENDLETON: A bill to establish a
port of entry at Cincinnati, in the State of Ohio—
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, a bill to fix the salaries of the judges of
the district court within and for the district of the
State of Ohio—referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
By Mr. STOKES: A bill for the relief of John
Randolph, of Warren county, Tennessee—re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, a bill for the relief of Elizabeth Smith, of
Coffee county, Tennessee—referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. GROW, from the Committee on Territo-
ries, asked that that committee be discharged from
the further consideration of House bill No. 306,
being a bill providing for the appointment of two
additional Indian agents in the Territoryof New
Mexico; and that the same be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
WEST POINT MILITARY ACADEMY.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move to take from the
table Senate billNo. 5, making appropriations for
the Military Academy at West Point, for the pur-
pose of referring the same to the Committee oh
Military Affairs. I will state the reason why I
make that motion, and I trust no gentleman will
oppose it. That bill contains an important amend-
ment, which is intended for the benefit of the State
which I in part represent. It is an amendment
providingthe means forputting in operation aregi-
ment of volunteers provided for by law during
thelast Congress. The Military Committee of this
House have had all the facts in relation to this
subject before them for some time, and have been
giving their anxious consideration to the subject.
I ask that this bill bo taken up and referred to the
Military Committee, so that action may be taken
upon it as speedily as possible.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to the
bill being taken up; but it ought to be referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. HAMILTON. I have no objection to the
bill'going to the Committee of Ways and Means,
but for this reason: the Committee on Military
Affairs have had before them all the information
in relation to this matter, and are better prepared
to act speedily upon it than any other committee,
without the same sources of information, could
possibly be.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
The question was upon the reference of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means. To
refer it to the Committee on Military Affairs would
be a departure from the established precedent of
the House. I suppose this thing lias never been
done, but those bills have always been referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means. If you
refer these bills, in this stage of their passage, to
the various committees, they will be loaded down
with propositions of this sort. Here is a most
important amendment, as to a new regiment in
Texas, tacked upon a bill providingappropriations
for the support of the Military Academy at West
Point. The House will see at once that if this
practice is indulged in, these bills will bo loaded
down so that some of them will hardly get through
the House at all.
Now, I have no objection to the regiment being
ordered for service in Texas, if necessary; but it
seems to me that to refer this bill—a bill intrft-
duced into this House by the Committee of Ways
and Means; a bill intended to carry out existing
laws; a bill which has been loaded down by the
Senate with an appropriation larger than the ori-
ginal bill, to the Committee on Military Affairs,
to be loaded down with new subjects, would be
virtually overthrowing the rules of this House,
and would lead to a practice which would involve
this House in irretrievable difficulty.
Mr. STANTON. It will be remembered that
some few days since the House referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs a joint resolution
making an appropriation of $5,000,000 for the
purpose of defending the frontiers ofTexas. This
Military Acadcmy bill comes back to the House
with a Senate amendment providing for the same
object. The Military Committee have had un-
der consideration the joint l'esulution referred to
them heretofore, and have obtained information
which has been in possession of the Executive
Department. They have considered the ques-
tion involved in the amendment of the Senate to
the Military Academy bill. Now, sir, if there ever
was any propriety in referring any question con-
nected with military affairs to the Military Com-
mittee, it does seem to me proper in a case where
a part of the same subject, or the same subject in
a different form, has already been referred to that
same committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would ask the gentleman
if he has ever known, during his experience in
this House, of an instance where an appropria-
tion bill, with amendments sent back from the
Senate, has been referred to any other committee
than the Committee of Ways and Means?
Mr. STANTON. I am not prepared to answer
that question. I am not familiar with the history
of this House. Nor am I prepared to say what
the Committee on Military Affairs would do with
the amendment to the Military Academy bill, if
referred to them, as a question of propriety—
whether they would or would not recommend the
passage of the bill with such an amendment.
Whether the committee would consider it upon
its merits or not, I do not know.
But there is another question, and it may as
well be settled now as at any other time. This
question was disposed of, not entirely to my sat- '
isfaction, the other day, upon the motion to refer
the Army bill to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs. I believe, and have believed for years, thai
the practice which has prevailed of sending all
these bills^to the Committee of Ways and Means
is wrong, and I think this case is a proof of the
correctness of my position. The House, when
the same question involved in this amendment
came before it in a different form from an appro-
priation bill, or of an amendment to an appropri-
ation bill, sent it to the Committee on Military
Affairs without controversy, and without claim-
ing that it was not a proper reference. And now
the Military Academy bill came back-from the
Senate with an amendment relating to the same
subject; and why should it not be sent to the
same committee ?
I take it that this is one of the best arguments
in support of the position I adrocate, that such a
question should be referred to the Military Com-
mittee. It ought to go to the Military Committee,
because it involves a subject which has been inves-
tigated by them. They have made inquiry into
the condition of that frontier, and the necessities
of the public service, and they are prepared to
act upon it.
Now, I desire to say, that the Senate at this
session, for the first time, so far as I know, has
adopted the policy which I now propose the
House shall adopt, and sent this identical Mili-
tary Academy bill to the Committee on Military
Affairs in the Senate, and not to the Committee
on Finance. This is an indication that it is the
purpose of the Senate to adopt the policy I pro-
pose shall be adopted in the House—to distribute
the business of the various committees to what I
cannot but regard the appropriate committees.
Now, sir, permit me to say, in this connection,
that this question of the expenditures of the va-
rious Departments is one that can be better settled
by the appropriate committees, because the appro-
priate committees are channels through which
information comes in reference to their particular
branches of public service, and to which every-
body outside of the House looks, and to which
they tome for information. Since the discussion
which occurrcd the other day, I have received, as
the organ of the Committee oft Military Affairs,
information that, m the opinion of a very intelli-
gent officer of the Army, there is one branch of
the military service which is an unnecessary
charge upon the public Treasury in time of peace—
that is, the flying artillery.
It ia said that that branch of the service has not
fired a single gun, except for a salute, since the
capture of the city of Mexico; and that it will
never fire another until we have an invasion, or
make an invasion; and then you can train a corps
of flying artillery in sixty days. And yet you
are spending $1,000,000 a year, in time of peace,
for a branch of service which is of no more prac-
tical use than it would be in King Lilliput's do-
minions. If the House had seen proper to send
the Army bill to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, they would have investigated the condition
of the flying artillery, and would probably have
reported ill favor of a diminution of the expenses
of the Army in that respect. Now, nobody
would have thought of sending that matter to
| the Committee of Ways and Means, because it
i has not charge of the military arm of the public
t service.
j I purpose, now that this subject is taken up by
; the House, to makcitatestquestionas to whether
j the House intends to adhere to the policy which
I seemed to be recognized by the vote the other
! day. I should have acquiesced in that decision of
' the House with great cheerfulness, if it had been
the spontaneous decision of the House, upon a
fair, open, public argument submitted to it. But
I know, and you know, that when the roll-call
was completed, and members had expressed their
opinions upon the merits of that controversy, there
were half a dozen votes changed through private
influences brought to bear upon members, to the
effect that the Committee of Ways and Means
would be disgraced by areferenceto the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Now, sir, I am not disposed to acquiesce in a
decision of the House which is brought about bv
any such influences and instrumentalities. I shall
ask for a reconsideration of that question. I hope
