1194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
the House will give it to me when they take a
vote upon the commitment of the bill which is
1 now pending before it. There is also a motion
pending to reconsider the commitment of the forti-
fication bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. That motion X am prepared
to call up.whenever the House is disposed to act
I do not suppose, in the present thin attendance
in the House, that it is desirable to decide this
question in reference to the commitment and dis-
position of appropriation bills; but that it shall be
decided to-morrow, in a fuller House.
Mr. PENDLETON. If the gentleman will
yield for that purpose, I will move that theHouse
adjourn. I understand that the motion to com-
mit will be the first question in the morning, and
that the gentleman now occupying the floor will
then be entitled to it.
Mr. STANTON. I will yield to the motion to
adjourn. -
Mr. REAGAN. I desire to say a word, while
the attention of the members present is directed
to this matter, in addition to what the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] has said. Upon the
general question, I do not suppose I can add any-
thing to the views already expressed.
In addition to the resolution to which he refers,
referring this subject to the Military Committee,
on the day after the House elected a Speaker, or
as soon as the House was ready to proceed to
business, a bill was referred to the Military'Com-
mittee, giving them charge of the subject; and a
resolution has since been referred to them. Since
that time, and before it, and continually since our
arrival here, no mail has come to this Capitol, to
my colleagues or myself, but what bringsus papers
and letters announcing the continuation of hostil-
ities upon the frontier; the murdering of men,
women, and' children, and the carrying of people
into captivity; and it is but a continuation of the
state of war which has existed upon our frontier
for five jrears. It is a matter which requires
urgent action; and we should be derelict, m the
highest and most censurable regard, in our duty
to our constituents, if we did not urge and insist
that the House shall act upon the question. The
whole subject is before the Military Committee.
Common sense and the dictates of reason would
seem to require that that committee should have
control of the subject.
In asking that the bill shall be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, I have no assur-
ances whatever that the action of that committee
will be one way or the other. I have heard 110 ex-
pression of opinion by the members of that com-
mittee on the subject. We have to rely upon the
sense of justice and right of that committee as to
what they will do. I only ask its reference to that
committee in conformity with the motion of my
colleague, because they have had the whole sub-
ject before them. It is their duty to examine and
report upon it; and the report of the Military Com-
mittee will have authority with the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would
remind the gentleman from Texas that the only
motion now before the House is to refer the bill
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. REAGAN. No, sir. My colleague made
the motion first to refer the bill to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. HAMILTON. I certainly made the mo-
tion distinctly to refer the bill to the Committee
on Military Affairs. Whether the motion was
heard and entertained by the Speaker or not, I
do not know.
Mr. REAGAN. In conformity with the views
of my colleague and the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, that it would be better
to have a fuller vote on this question, I will now
yield for a motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would
suggest that it would be better to have this mat-
ter put in a proper shape. The motion to refer
to the Committee on Military Affairs is not con-
sidered by the Chair as now pending.
Mr. REAGAN. It was the first motion sub-
mitted.
Mr. HAMILTON. Ithaspr'ecedence,I think,
of the motion of the gentleman,from Ohio. Gen-
tlemen near me, on both sides, bear me out in the
fact that I made the motion, although the Speaker
may not have heard or entertained it.
Mr. BINGHAM. There is 110 doubt the gen-
tleman made the motion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair dis-
tinctly heard the gentleman from Texas move to
refer the bill to the Committee on Military Affairs,
but at that time the gentleman from Texas had
not been recognized as entitled to the floor, and
the bill was not then before the House. After-
wards, when the bill had been taken up, the gen-
tleman from Ohio obtained the floor, and moved
to refer it to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. HAMILTON. Then I submit the motion
now that the bill be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. REAGAN. I will now yield for a motion
to adjourn.
Mr. RUFFIN. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
PROTECTION OF FEMALE PASSENGERS.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Before the House
adjourns, 1 ask that Senate bill No. 3 may be taken
from the Speaker's table and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce. It refers to the subject-
matter of a bill which has already passed the
House.
Mr. RUFFIN- I withdraw my motion tem-
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The bill to which
I refer is one in relation to the protection of
female passengers.
There being no obj ection, the Senate bill to amend
an act entitled " An act to regulate the carriage
of passengers in steamships and other vessels,"
approved March 3, 1855, was taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
And then, on motion of Mr. RUFFIN, (at five
minutes to five o'clock, p. m.,) the House ad-
journed.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 16, I860.
Prayer by tlie Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurlet.
The Journal of yesterday was readand approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the following message from the President of
tlie United States;
To the Senate of the United States:
Referring to my communication of the 5th instant to the
Senate, in answer to its resolution of the 23d February,
calling foi any "communication which may have been
received from the Governor of Texas, and the documents
accompanying it, concerning alleged hostilities now exist-
ing on the. Rio Grande,5? I have tlie honor herewith to sub-
mit for the consideration of that body the following papers:
Dispatch fiom the Secretary of War to the Governor of
Texas, dated Februaiy 28, I860;
DKpatch nnm ihp Governor of Texas to the Secretary
of War, dared March S, 1860;
Dispatch from the acting Secretary of War to the Gov-
ernor of Texas, dated March 14, 1860.
JAMES BUCHANAN.
Washington, March 15, 1860.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, the message was
ordered to lie on the table; and a motion by him
to print it was referred to the Committee on rrint-
in'g.
The YICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, a statement of the trade and com-
merce of the United States with the British North
American Provinces annually, since 1850; which
was, on motion of Mr. Wilson, referred to the
Committee on Commerce; and a motion by him
to print the report was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a memorial of the
city council of the city of Racine, in the State of
Wisconsin, praying that beacon lights may be
established and kept up in the harbor of that
place; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce. *
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented papers in relation
to the claim of Barrow, Porter & Crenshaw, con-
tractors for carrying the mail from Kansas City,
Missouri,toStockton, California, for mules stolen
and wagons destroyed by the Indians; which were
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HAMMOND presented papers in relation
to the claim of Captain William L. Hudson, of
the United States Navy, for the reimbursernent
of certain expenditures made by him while in
command of the United States steamship Niagara,
engaged in laying the Atlantic cable; which were
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. GREEN presented a memorial of the Le-
gislature of Missouri, requesting a reimbursement
of money paid by that State in repelling an in-
cursion of the Osage Indians in 1837; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia. %
He also presented eight memorials of citizens
of Dacotah Territory, praying Congress to grant
to them, at the earliest possible moment, a terri-
torial organization; which were referred to the
Committee on Territories.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
Eli Goss, a soldier in the Aroostook expedition,
praying to be allowed bounty land; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordered, That Samuel Remick have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
PETITIONS RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Lemuel Wooster, praying
a pension on account of a disability incurred while em-
ployed as a waiter to a militia officer in the United States
seivice, during the last war with Great Britain, with the
adverse report of the Committee on Pensions thereo.i, be
recommitted to the Committee on Pensions.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLAY,from the Committee on Commerce,
t-> whom was referred the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 11) providing for the manner of expending
the balance of appropriation u for repairing the
works and piers, in order to preserve and securo
the light-house at Chicago, Illinois," reported it
without amendment, and submitted an adverse
report.
Mr. WILKINSON, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial of
George G. Durham, asking compensation for ser-
vices as a clerk in the Indian bureau, reported
adversely thereon.
OFFICERS OF THE SENATE.
Mr. 3 OHNSON, of Tennessee. I am instructed
by the Committee to Audit and Control the Con-
tingent Expenses of the Senate to offer the follow-
ing resolution; and I ask the action of the Senate
upon it now:
Resolved, That any vacancy now existing, or which shall
hereafter occur, in the places of messengeis of the Senate,
by d'jath, resignation,lemoval, or otherwise, buch vacancy
so existing or occurring shall not be filled by the appoint-
men! ot other messengers, until it is so oideied bv the
Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to have some ex-
planation of that resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 1 will state,
for the information of the Senator from Missis-
sippi, that there are more messengers than are
needed by the Senate, while we have not quite so
many laborers as we need. My object is to dis-
pense with the further appointment of messengers,
and to leave the employment of laborers, if needed,
under the control and subject to the order of the
committee. These officers are not needed, and I
am so informed by the Sergeant-at-Arms. This
resolution is offered at his request, and the com-
mittee, after considering it, have thought it best to
dispense with the appointment of additional mes-
sengers, unless otherwise ordered by the Senate.
Mr. DAY1S. If t-he committee having chaigc
of the subject think we have too many officers, of
course I have no objection to lessening the number.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
PATENT LAWS.
Mr. BIGLER. I ask the consent of the Senate
to take up the bill (S. No. 10) which is a general
supplement to the Patent Office laws, for the pur-
pose of having it recommitted. There is a sec-
tion of the bill in reference to which the Depart-
ment has some views to submit to the committee.
The motion to take up the bill (S. No. 10) in
addition to an ' * Act to promote the progress of the
useful arts" was agreed to.
Mr. BIGLER. I now move that the bill be
recommitted to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
The motion was agreed to.
RILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. LATHAM asked, and by unanimous con-
