in
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
ortny own 'State, I do not want slaves. "These
sons of t'lhft tropics -are of no use to us there, Wc
cannot elevate them to political equality with our-
selves,anttwedo not wantthem there at all. There
is-not-oho man in one hundred thousand, in th<5
Northwest, who wants this race of men ttmorrg
us. I know it. They arc not capable of self-
government. Thcymujgt be servants, it* they come
anions^ us, without power on our part to direct
or guide them m their service, lacking, as they do,
intellect and capacity for progress.
Hence, gentlemen of the South, first, climate,
and second, the prevailing sentiment of the people
ofVach Territory, will settle the question of Afri-
can slavery.
I submit, then, to you, in all frankness, as a
brother, as a fcllow-citizcn of yours, as one acting
with you inside of the only national party, upon
which rests the destiny ol'this Union—1 submit
to you, who Siave voted against me; you gentle-
men of Pennsylvania, you of New Jersey, you of
New York, and you of the South, that you ought
to stand by my side, in resisting- the aggression of
this Republican party upon the Constitution.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If the gentleman will
allow me, I will show him how I think that the
question of slavery can be introduced at this ses-
sion of Congress.
Mr. LARRABEE. I do not like to be inter-
rupted from my own side of the House. When
the question comes up I will be prepared to act
upon it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will show you how it
can arise, and how*anti-Lecompton Democrats,
Lecompton Democrats, and South Americans will
differ with the Republican party. A proposition
may be presented for (he organization of the Ter-
ritory of Arizona. The Republican party holds
the doctrine that Congress has the power, and that
it in its duty, to exclude slavery from that Terri-
tory, or any other. The South Americans differ
from that doctrine, as do the Democrats, both Le-
compton and anti-Lecompton.
The Republican party, when it proposes that
act of prohibition of slav.-ry to Arizona, will then
be opposed by all the other parties in this House
besides. Does not the gentleman see, then, how
the question may arise at this session?
Mr. LARRABEE. When that question comes
up I will be prepared to art upon it. I will vote
against any law, either for establishing or pro-
hibiting sktveiy in any of the Tei ritories of the
United States. It may be that Arizona will apply
for a territorial government, and that then the
question of congressional prohibition of slavery
will conic up. I admit that; but I do not think
that her application for a territorial government
is so near at hand as dot a the gentleman. The
gentleman from Georgia has his views, ;>nd I have
mine. I will try to convince lum that I am right
when the proper time comes.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. J am not differing with
the gentleman a.s to the wain of power in Congress
to prohibit slavery. I agree with him, and have,
in what I have said, only showed how the ques-
tion may arise at this session.
Mr. LARRABEE. 1 did not distinctly hear what
the gentleman said. I am glad that we agree. I
wish to say a few words to gentlemen who are
known as the southern Opposition. 1 was much
pleased with the speech of the honorablegentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Nelson.} I recognized in
that speech the sentiments of a national man, the
sentiments of a man who loved the Union and who
loved the Constitution. Yet, sir, whilst our senti-
ments are tho same, whilst we both are opposed to
disunion, both stand upon the Constitution, are
both determined to give the ynon of the North, of
the South, of the East, and of the West, their just
constitutional rights, our action is entirely differ-
ent. Why, sir, after having battled at home with
this Republican abolition idea, after having been
charged with being a doughface and an abject
slave of the South, simply because I be3ie\ed*the
fugitive slave law to be constitutional, simply be-
cause I believed that every State had the right to
settle the question of slavery for itself; when I
come upon this floor and seek to act. with men
who agree with me upon those questions, I find
some of them standing aloof and indirectly lend-
ing aid and comfort to that very party which I
have been battling at home. If I understand the
statement made by the gentleman from Tennes-
see, I can respect the sentiment which is at the
bottom of their political organization. I do not
agree with them, if I understood what he Said.
He said that their organization was based upon a
love of country, upon a love of thc'Constitution;
that it was based upon the idea of preventing one
religious denomination,-or power, coercing others,
or getting the control of this Government. Did
1 understand him aright? He assents thai I did.
I can, then, sir, respect the basis of that organi-
zation, although I cannot agree in the necessity
or the policy for any such organization. I think
that there is not the slightest danger from the
cause stated.
Now, gentlemen of the fcoifthern Opposition,
those of us, few wc may be, who are here from
the North,are hereafter having successfully over-
come this abolition idea, this sentiment of aggres-
sion upon your rights under the Federal Consti-
tution. Is it not the time now for those who are
lovers of the Constitution and the Union to act
together ? I submit it to you, whether I shall go
to my home and have these Republicans charge
that when I went for the rights of the South,
under the Constitution, the South rejected my
•efforts and my sacrifices?
And,Mr. Clerk, I want gentlemen of the Dem-
ocratic party from the South to recollect another
thing: and that is, that the Democratic party of
the North, in the proportion of two to one, ex-
ceeds the Democratic party of the South.
Wc do not carry States, you will say. But,
gentlemen, the time is near at hand when we will
carry them; and 1 tell you, gentleman of the South,
who believe that there is an all-pervading senti-
ment at the North which is determined to drive
slavery from the country, that there is positively
no such all-pervading sentiment. It is confined
to that wing of the Republican party which is
represented l)y Gid&ings, Greeley, Cheever, and
that class of men, and not by that parf of the Re-
publican party which is represented by the gen-
tleman from Ohio—I mean Mr. Coiuvin. As far
as Mr. Sherman, the candidate of the other side
for Speaker, is concerned, he is now the incrusta-
tion of the abolition idea, unless he gets upon this
floor and denounces that doctiine.
I want to say to you, gentlemen of the South,
that I am not a slaveholder, as you know, and 1
do not propose to discuss here the merits or de-
merits of your institution of slavery- If I Ined
in your midst, as I said before, { would own
slaves, and yet not deem that I was doing a moral
wrong to any one. But, gentlemen, there is a
necessity, a great necessity, that you and we
should bury nil past differences, and unite upon
some common ground, in order that we mav
overcome those who are opposed to us. Will
you do it? You can do it if you will.
There is one sentiment which has been advanced
here by gentlemen of the South, from which I
will not omit this opportunity to make my dissent,
and that is the us>ht of a peaceful secession from
the Union. I hold that there is no such right. It
is the nglu of revolution—that I admit. But I will
not admit that one State can go outof the Union,
leaving the Union in existence. The moment one
of those stars fall, they all fall. You cannot go
Out of the Union leaving an aggregation of States
behind. In that case a provisional government
must be immediately formed. We cannot exist
under the Constitution unless every present Amer-
ican State is inside of and belongs to the Union.
There is no such thing as an American State out-
side of the Union. As for myself, 1 confess that
my highestallegianee, my warmest affections, are
for the American Union. I love my own State
perhaps as well as any American citizen loves
his, but the interests of my own State are sub-
ordinate to the interests of the whole American
Union; the interests of my own State are as noth-
ing compared with the interests of all the States
of this Union. Why, sir, when I make my boast,
it is not that I am a citizen of Wisconsin, but that
I am an American citizen. If I had a primary
allegiance to any State in the Union, 1 should have
to owe allegiance to live States, because, like most
western boys, 1 have traveled North, South, East,
and West, and I finally brought up in the best
State of all. [Laughter.] I am a native of the
Empire State; but I once had the honor of living
neighbor to my friend in the State of Mississippi",
[Mi. Davis.] I listened, when a boy, to the legal
teachings of the honorable gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Corwiv,]
Mr. CORWIN. Sound they were.
Mr. LARRABEE. Sound, you think they
were. I am sorry 1 cannot say as much for his
political teachings. I heard him when he attacked
the sub-treasury law in 1840, and when he said, if
it Was not repealed, that it would overcome the
Union: that it would knock the pilhu s out from
under the edifice; and yet the Union exists to-day,
and my friend exists, and the only thing he has
done for the good of his country in the mean time
is the furnishing his complexion to the Republican
party. [Laughter.] I have lived a portion of my
time with these "brave men from the State of Illi-
nois: and yet, Mr. Clerk, I entertain no allegiance
to cither oiu; of those States, or to the State which
I, m part, represent here to-day, which shall in
any event interfere with my allegiance to the whole
American Confederacy. That is my position, and
that is my sentiment. I tell you gentlemen who
have been claiming all there is of affection for
South Carolina and Georgia, that I will resist
your clain^ Those States are as much mine as
yours; and it's a very pretty piece of selfishness
in you to attempt to deprive me of my share. I
will not contemplate the effects of disunion. Gen-
tlemen have contemplated them upon this floor.
Who that knows what human nature is, imagines
that it has changed with the progress of intelli-
gence, liberty, arts, or letters; and I tell you that,
if you contemplate the peaceful separation of this
Union, you are counting without your host. Men's
passion? are the same now they ever were, and it
cannot be done.
If you want to see the " dark and bloody ground
of Kentucky*' stretched across this whole con-
tinent from east to west, then contemplate, or
dare contemplate, the disruption of the American
Union. You would see a strip of country be-
tween the northern and southern States, two bun-
dled miles wide, the theater of conflict b< tween
the North and South, devastated, and abandoned
by every inhabitant who lives upon it. Provis-
ional governments would be formed, one South,
one West—and by the West I mean all the country
watered by the Mississippi—and one Northeast.
I tell you, gentlemen from the New England
States, very fiankly, for I think it is true, that
there is very little in common between the North-
west and yourselves, and in such a conlingt ncy
as a disruption of the Union, we can hardly look
for any unity of sentiment between us. I think
we would not act together. We would then have
three or four separate confederacies.
I said, gentlemen, I would lidl contemplate the
effects of a disruption; but I ask you, men of the
North and men of the South, if ail the negroes
that exist in the world are worthy, for one mo-
ment, to be weighed in the balance with the influ-
ences which this great Confederacy of white men
are exercising upon the whole civilized world?
With this people and this form of government
rests the responsibility of the progress, throughout
the world of letters, of art, of civilization and
Christianity. I believe it from the bottom of my
heart. You all know that the people, not only in
this country, but in other countries, are contem-
plating us here. You all know—those of you
whoso words are entitled to weight by reason of
your experience, by reason of your years, by
reason ot your patriotism—that every woid which
falls fioni your lips is drank up eageily from
Maine to Georgia.
In conclusion, Mr. Clerk, 1 beg to thank the
gentleman from New York for yn Idmg me the
floor. 1 can very well feel that it would be much
better if I had said nothing at so early a period of
the session. I have done.
Mr. SINGLETON obtained the floor.
Mr. GROW, i want to move to proceed to
ballot for Speaker.
Mr. «BARIvSDALE. I undeistand that my
colleague does not desire to speak to-day. I
therefore suggest, the propriety of proceeding to a
ballot.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that there be a call of
the .House.
Mr. BARKSDALE. With the understanding
that my colleague is to have the floor on Mon-
day?
Mr. PHELPS. Certainly.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Perhaps some
other gentleman may be disposed to sptvd: to-day,
Several Member*-. Oh, i:o.
Mr. SINGLETON. 1 am willing to submit
