2138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
West such an important point that, at heavy ex-
pense, it keeps an admiralty court in session there
every day of the year; not for the benefit of the
people of Key West, but for the commerce of the
whole Atlantic sea-board, which has to pass round
that dangerous Florida coast.
This steamer is auxiliary to the admiralty court,
bringing speedy information of disasters to it as
wetl as to the underwriters-, and hcnce it is that
such firms as Brown, Brothers & Co., Howiand
&Aspin wall, Duncan, Sherman & Co., Goodhue
& Co., and others, who rarely approach the Amer-
ican Congress to petition for anything, have pe-
titioned them in the strongest terms for the res-
toration of this service. But the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] I believe it was, stated
that they had mail service already by a round-
about route. I would lfkc to know what the gen-
tleman from Missouri would say if the Postmaster
General should stop the direct service between
Washington and Missouri, on the ground that the
mails could be conveyed by New Orleans, and
should send the Missouri mails by that round-
about ram's-horn route? I am sure that he would
protest against any such action. This is the direct
route. It ought never to have been stricken down,
and I hope that it will be restored. I cannot be
charged with advocating this on any local grounds;
but I do it on broad, national grounds, believing
that our fellow-citizens of the extreme Southeast
are untitled to it; and because it affords mc t\a
much pleasure to vote for a beneficent and jns-c
appropriation in the South as in the Notfh, m
the West as in the East.
Mr. COBB. I oppose the amendment of the
gentleman, and I do it with very much pain, as it is
for the benefit of my southern friends, who seem to
have their hearts set upon the restoration of tlus
scrvicc. There is one feature of the amendment,
however, which commends it still more to my ap-
probation, which is, that it seems from the devel-
opments that have been made, that it is not only
for the benefit of my southern friends, but of the
whole country. Yet, when 1 look upon the re-
duction of the service in my own State, which has
been to such an extent that, in some instances,
they have to travel four days for the purpose of
making a connection forty miles distant—I say,
when I look at the facilities which are granted to
the people of my section of country, and hear the
Postmaster General say that he has not the means
to reinstate the service on these routes, I am con-
strained to oppose this amendment. Gentlemen
say that it will be reinstated by this bill. Yes,
sir; but it will be a weekly mail on horseback for
my people. But, Mr. Chairman, 1 say if gentle-
men will show that thorn is a necessity for this
mail service by the Isabel, then let them give it to
the lowest bidder, and not say that a particular
boat shall perform the service. Jf the service is
necessary, I am willing that they should have it;
but only after advertisement for proposals, and the
contract given to the lowest bidder. 1 say,there-
fore, that I cannot reconcile it with my conscience,
and vote for this amendment, although it may be for
the benefit of my southern fi lends, and more than
all, forthe benefit of the whole country; for I un-
derstand that Boston and New Oi leans are almost
as much interested in it as Chaiieston and Savan-
nah. I place my objection, however, m the first
place, on the ground that it is unnecessary and
inexpedient to restore the service; and in the sec-
ond place, as I have stated, that, if restored, it
should be given to the lowest bidder, and not to a
particularcompany oi vessel. I came heie pledged
to vote against every extravagance of this Admin-
istration, and against every expenditure in which
it has been engaged that I believed to be improper.
I think this expenditure is unnecessary; and
shall therefore vote against the amendment.
[Cries of " Question!" " Question!"]
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amendment
offered by Mr. Colfax; and being taken, the
amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRANCH. I move to amend by striking
out the eighteenth and nineteenth lines, which are
as follows:
"But the Postmaster General shall not be required tr  re-
store the service on any of said routes beyond one daily
mail each way."
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire toperfect the section
in a clause preceding that.
Mr. BRANCH. This is to perfect the section,
and I understand the whole section to be open to
amendment. Now, I ask tho attention of the
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads one moment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remind
the gentleman from North Carolina that the
amendment which he proposes was offered yes-
terday, and voted down, and.is therefore not in
order.
Mr. BRANCH. I was not aware that such was
the fact.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer the following
proviso, to come in at the end of the nineteenth
line:
Provided further, That the appropriation herein made
shall be so construed as to embrace those made by the jonit
resolution for the relief of the contractors of the Post Office
Department, approved 28th March, 1860.
I will just explain this amendment in a single
word. Since this bill was reported to the House,
a joint resolution has, been passed appropriating
the incomes of the Post Office Department for one
quarter. The object of this amendment is to em-
brace those incomes so appropriated within the
appropriation now made.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LANDRUM. The eighteenth and nine-
teenth lines read:
" Out the Postmaster General shall not be required to re-
store the berviee on any of said routes beyond one daily
mail each way."
I propose to amend by adding at that point, and
preceding what has just been inserted on motion
of the gentleman from Ohio, the following:
Nor interfere with any changes of seivice that may have
been made without reduction of pucc.
In the State of Louisiana there is an instance to
which I now lefer, in which a portion of a route
running through a swamp region was found to be
unnecessary, and the service discontinued upon
it; and at the same time the service was doubled
upon the other portion of the route without any
change of price. Now, I apprehend that, under
this provision as it stands m the bill, the Post-
master General may feel himself required to re-
store the route as it was before the change was
made, which is entirely unnecessary; and itwould
be injurious to the interests of the people in that
vicinity to have the service reduced on the portion
of the route which has been doubled.
Mr. COLFAX. I think tho gentleiaan's amend-
ment is proper, and 1 hope it will be adopted.
The amendment wax agreed to.
Mr. BRANCH. I understand that the Chair
was in error in saying that the amendment which
\ proposed just now had been offered and rejected.
I therefore renew my motion to strike out the
eighteenth and nineteenth lines.
I desire to say, in the first instance, that this
whole proviso is so objectionable to me that I
cannot vote for it so long as it remains m the bill
in any shape; and as at present advised, I will
vote against the bill itself, unless the proviso is
stricken out. But 1 desire to make thw proviso
as perfect an possible, notwithstanding that. The
chairman of the Committee on the Post Oifice and
Posi Roads yesterday evening argued that where
parties had enteied into contracts to carry the
mail, the Department had no right to change such
contracts.
Now, sir, if a case shall come up in which he
has reduced the service from double daily to daily
upon a railroad with which lie had a contract for
carrying it double daily, how can the gentleman
justify that clausc of the bill? If he has not the
right to reduce it in one case, he equally has no
right to reduce it in the other. If the cases cov-
ered by the former part of this section are enti-
tled to be rcstoicd because they were illegally
stricken down, what reason can any gentleman
give why double daily service should not be re-
stored also where it has been stricken down in the
same way ?
Mr. Cnairman, i was a little surprised to find,
after I heard the remarks of the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads yesterday evening, that he had himself of-
fered an amendment, and which now stands as a
part of the bill, in these words:
u That the PostmaiterGener.il is hereby diverted to re-
store the inland service on all the routes under contract on
the 4th March, 1859, unless the &ame have expired by their
own limitation, or wAere improved service over such route
has been furnished by railroad or otherwise
If a party have a contract with the Department,
and the Department has no right under the law to
alter that contract, as the gentleman contends,
how can he justify himself for saying that the
Department may abrogate or alter the contract,
provided there has been some other improved
mode of service ? I am for treating all alike; and
I beg this committee to believe that I have no
special case in my mind, in offering that my
amendment is to apply to at all. I am for vindi-
cating the law, and I am for vindicating the rights
of all contractors alike. If you have not a right
to reduce a weekly service, you are equally with-
out the right, under the law, to reduce a double
daily service; and if you order the weekly service
to be restored, when it has been reduced because
the Postmaster General had no right to reduce it,,
you are equally bound to restore the double daily
service where the company had a contract for
carrying the mail double daily. I do not like to
sec this House deal with different contractors dif-
ferently.
For my own part, as I have said, I will vote
against this proviso. It is against anything like
efficient executive action. For Congress to take
upon itself the most complicated of all the execu-
tive duties of this Government, is a step in the
direction which may ultimately lead to the de-
struction of all of your Executive Departments,
and bring all such duties here to be discharged.
If you overrule the head of one of your Depart-
ments; if you allow the contractors to run over
lum; if when, in obedience to the demands of the
interests of the country, he reduced the postal
service of the country, reduced it that the expend-
itures of the Government might be reduced, be-
cause of the clamor made in this House on the
subjcct of large expenditures; I say, sir, if you
overrule him in making that reduction, and allow
contractors to come here and trample upon him,
you need not expect to have at the head of that
bepartmcnt hereafter men fit for the position.
This body is not fit for the discharge of executive
duties, and least of all, of the executive duties
connected with the administration of that Depart-
ment, which is more complicated than all the oth-
ers in this Government. The Postmaster General
declaied, as he had amght to do, that there could
be a reduction of the servicc of his Department.
You come forwaid and undertake to overrule
him, and say that his honest efforts to reduce the
expenditures of his Department shall be defeated.
1 say, then, that you ought to deal with all alike;
with the double daily service as you do with the
weekly.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Chairman,as the honor-
able gentleman has announced his purpose to vote
against the bill if the pioviso be incorpoiated, I
will now state that I will not vote for it if it be
not incorporated in the bill. I would not be fit
for the position which the Speaker of this House
has assigned me, of chairman of the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, if I did not stand
by the interests of the people of all sections of the
Union, in affording them ample mail facilities,
and especially when those facilities have been so
materially impaired by a sweeping act of the
Postmaster General. Thi3, indeed—the oversight
of the mail scrvicc of the country—seems to be
one of the objects for which this committee was
created; and 1 believe it to be a duty to endeavor
to increase its benefits, and to seek tocorrectany
errors that may have grown up in it, governed,
of coursc, by a judicious economy. I indulge in
no reproach against the Postmaster General, for
I esteem him and his assistants highly; but I do
say that, in his desire to economize, he has, in
my opinion, gone too far; and that his economy
may, inthe end, if we pay all the damages growing
out of it, prove to be an expense instead of a
saving. And it will be remembered that a letter of
the Department was read here yesterday expres&ly
referring a contractor to Congress for relief for
the entire annulment of his contract.
The gentleman has stated a proposition which
I will answer before I go to his other remarks.
He says that the American Congress has no right
to direct an executive officer of the Government.
I hold to an entirely different idea. When we
have sixty or seventy million dollars of expendi-
tures each year, are we to have no power to say
