1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tempt; and now I ask the Clerk to read the pro-
ceedings of a meeting from the paper which I
send him.
The Cleric read the following:
Meeting in Wayne.
At a meeting held in Monticello, ©n December 26,
(county court day,) by the Union and Opposition party, on
motion J. V. Warden was called tothechair,and F. Bates
appointed secretary, A committee was appointed to pre-
paie resolutions, arid reported the following, which were
unanimously adopted:
And whereas Hon. J. S. Chrisman, soon after the late
August election, when informed that a mistake to the pre-
judice of W. C. Anderson had been made by one of the
county boards of this congressional district, and that an
amended certificate would be made out and forwarded to
the State board, declared that "it was too late to correct
errorsthus showing that, in his jadginent, amended cer-
tificates were not allowable by law j and when the Slate
board concurred in that opinion by rejecting ail amend-
ments, which resulted 111 the election oi W. G\ Anderson.
Subsequently, at a meeting of the Democracy in Wayne
county, in wmeh the said J. S. Chrisman participated, and
which was, in fact, gotten up for his benefit, it was re-
solved that " Morehead, Ilailan, and Brown, the State
board, in rejecting amended certificates, deserved the un-
mitigated scorn and contempt of all loveis of fair dealing
and an honest and faithful discharge of official duty," 5cc.—
Resolved., That the Democracy of Wayne county, in this
attempt to stigmatize bettoi men than themselves, politi-
cally stultified the said J. S. Chrisman, by placing Inrn in
the unenviable attitude of objeetingto amended certificates
when pi ('judicial to his interests*, and urging their legality
when beneficial to him, by denouncing as corrupt those
who were unwilling to abandon their convictions as to the
meaning of a plain and simple statutory provision of the
law.
Resolved, That if any contempt and scorn should rest
upon any person growing out of this transaction, its proper
objects aie those whoseopimons have vacillated with their
varying mteiests, and we leave it to an impartial public,
with these facts before them, to determine where odium
should rest, if anywhere.
Resolved, That the abuse heaped upon Morehead, Harlan,
and Brown, by the Democracy of this district, is prompted
alone by mere party virulence, and is degrading alone to its
authors, who have not, cannot, and dare not, attempt to
give a plaithible aigument against the reasons assigned by
the State boaid for rejecting amended ccitificates.
Resolved, That W. C. Anderson is the lawfully elected
mcmbei ot Congicssm the tourth congiessionai district j
that the testimony taken in this (Wayne) county, abund-
antly establishes the fact that, by fraud in polling illegal
votes lor J. S. Chrisman, his vote was swelled some 20
votes beyond the lawful strength of his party ; and that if
any error occurred to ins prejudice in Cumberland county,
it is more than counterbalanced by fraudulent and illegal
voting in this county, to the piejudice of W. C. Anderson,
and that the sworn recoid fully vindicates W. C.Anderson
in having retained his certificate of election.
Resolved, That Dr. E. Richardson, U. H. Buster, William
Tusgfe, Richard Ramsey, J. V. Warden, Andy flavin,
* William Dobbs. James Hutchison, W. 0. Short, James
Clark, E. L. Vanwinkle, and all others of our party who
choose to attend, aie hereby appointed a  delegates to the
convention of the Opposition party, to be held on the 22d
of Febiuary, 1860, at Louisville.
Resolved, That W. C. Anderson is our choice for Con-
gress in the next race, and we promise him a better vote
than has ever been given to any man of our paity.
After which the meeting was addressed by E. L. Van-
winkie, and then adjourned.
J. V. WARDEN, Chairman.
F. Bates, Secretary•
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I have had
that read for the purpose of showing that there
has been a studied attcmpton the partof the Dem-
ocrats of Kentucky to fasten censure on the State
board at Frankfort, for doing exactly what they
said was law.
The gentleman himself has said so, as the pro-
ceedings of that meeting show; and prominent
gentlemen of the Democratic party in Kentucky
so decided it, when they supposed it would preju-
dice me; but now it seems that this party have
changed positions, and denounced men for giving
• an opinion which they once admitted jus>t and
correct. But enough on this point.
Allusion has been made to my course as Rep-
resentative upon this floor. Special reference has
been made to my vote in the contested-election
case of Blair and Barret. I had supposed that
a gentleman had a right to vote according to the
dictates of his own judgment. I satin that case,
like other gentlemen should, as a juror, sworn to
discharge my duty to the parties, and decide it
according to the facts, and 1 gave my vote as I
conceived to be right and proper under the cir-
cumstances, and I should so vote to-day. Iiegret
that gentlemen should bring party politics to bear
upon questions of this character. I have not, in
the discharge of my duty,considered insuchcases
the polities of gentlemen; and God forbid that the
time ever shall come when a judge or juror shall
go outside of the proof to decide such questions.
If I have erred, I nave done it honestly. I com-
plain not of any gentleman on this floor who has
differed with me in sentiment. I do such the
justice to say that I believe they have acted and
voted honestly, and charity should at least sug-
gest that justice be done to me and others.
I have given no vote on this floor which I would
not give again to-day. I have no apology to make
for any vote I have given. I came here to dis-
charge my duty according to my conscience, and
neither the Democratic party of Kentucky, nor the
papers of that State, nor the threats of men on
this floor, shall deter me from doing what I con-
ccive to be my duty to my constituent^. I am
responsible to them. Iam not responsible to any
one else; 1 am not responsible to the Democratic
party; but I am responsible to my constituents.
I say that I have no apology to make for any sol-
itary vote that I have given. I do not intend to be
whipped or seduced into the Democratic party,
so long as I conccivc that their principles are
wrong—and I think that they are damnably wrong.
[Laughter.]
Mr. JENKINS. Why do you not denounce
the other side of the House ?
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I am as far
from being a Republican as any man on this floor.
1 have no sympathies with them. But who are
the men who arc persecuting me ? Who are the
men who are howling after me? They arc the
members of the Democratic party; and it is very
natural that I should condemn them and their prin-
ciples. There are no Republicans in Kentucky;
and I have there to fight Democrats, and not Re-
publicans. They arc both objectionable to me.
But I do not want to go into outside matters. I
will conclude, and submit tins case, so far as I
am concerned, to the consideration of the House.
I say that I am elected under any aspcct of the
case that may be presented, and I have been de-
clared elected by four separate juries, and I cx-
pect to be declared elected by the fifth jury, when
it comes to determine the ease; at least I hope so.
In any aspect of this case,"I am elected to a seat
upon this floor by a larger majority than the State
hoard gave me. Tha*. is what I state; and all
that I desire is, that when the House comes to j
determine the question, it will determine it ac- }
cording to the merits and facts of the case, and do |
equal justice to me, to the contestant, and to the i
country at large. I have been slandered and
abused by unprincipled editors in Kentucky, and
my motives impeached. Sir, I care not for slan-
der from such sources. They come from a cor-
rupt fountain. They are beneath the notice of
gentlemen. Their false statements will recoil upon
them, for "truth is mighty, and will prevail."
Mr. CHRISMAN (the contestant) then took
the floor. i!
Mr. SINGLETON. Before the gentleman's 1;
hour shall have expired we shall have reached the '■
point of time at which we are compelled, 1 believe, j]
to take a recess. I should like very much to un- |j
derstand what is the intention of the House. |!
Mr. STANTON. The sitting member occu-
pied only half of his time, and possibly the con-
testant may not occupy more than half an hour.
It is now only four o'clock.
Mr. CHRISMAN, (the contestant.) I desire
to say to the gentleman, that I wish to occupy my
full time, and a little more, if I can get it.
Mr. SINGLETON. This is Saturday evening,
and I think we have done work enough for one
week, and had better adjourn.
Mr. KEITT. I understand that there arc two
or three other gentlemen upon this side of the
Honse who desire to discuss this case,and it will
occupy, I suppose, four or five hours longer. We j!
have extended the session for a week, and I do 'i
not see why we should not adjourn now until
Monday. If the gentleman who is entitled to the ,j
floor will give way—and it will notinterfere with ;l
his airangements—I will move that the House do I1
now adjourn. !|
Mr. MAYNARD. I submit to the gentleman j|
from South Carolina that there are, doubtless, |j
gentlemen upon both sides of the House who de- 1<
sire to make speeches on general subjects,and we j;
might go into the Committee of the Whole on the jj
state of the Union. j|
Mr. KEITT. I have no objection to that. j
Mr. SHERMAN. I still hope that Congress |i
will adjourn by Wednesday next. I understand
that it is probable that a resolution will be sent
from the Senate on Monday, to adjourn on
Wednesday; and I believe the condition of the
public business will enable us to adjourn on tot
day.
Mr. SINGLETON. Cannot we have an un-
derstanding that the contestant shall make his
speech now, and that the House shall then ad-
journ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to interfere
with this election case at all.
Mr, GARTRELL. I desire to make a sug-
getion to the gentleman from -New Jersey, who
has charge of this case* It is this: that the con-
testant be allowed to conclude his speech, and
then that the case go over until Monday, and
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, There are sev-
eral gentlemen who desire to discuss political
questions this evening.
Mr. RUFFIN. Tf there are to be any more
calls of the House, I, for one, shall object to that,
Mr. GARTRELL. Then I suggest that the
vote on this case be taken on Monday, at two
o'clock.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Say one
o'clock.
Mr. MAYNARD. Let us have this under-
[ standing, that the House resolve itself into the
| Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
I and that there shall be no calls of the House; so
that gentlemen who desire to do so can go away
and attend to their private business without being
brought back hero at unseasonable hours.
Mr. STRATTON. I am perfectly willing that
after the conclusion of the spcech of the contestant
the House shall adjourn, or go into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, which-
ever it prefers; and I give notice, if that course
is pursued, that at one o'clock on Monday I will
call the previousquestion. I understand that two
of my colleagues on the Committee of Elections
desire to address the House, and that will give
them two hours.
Mr. GARTRELL. That arrangement will be
; entirely satisfactory.
Mr. &UARLES. Will not the hour arrive
before the contestant can conclude, when it will
be compulsory on the House to take a recess?
Mr. STRATTON. I piesume that by unani-
mous conscnt the contestant can be allowed to
conclude his argument before the recess is taken,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is that un-
derstood?
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I make no
understanding about it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understand
the gentleman from North Carolina to say that
he makes no understanding. If that is so, it
ought to be known.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I make no
understanding with either side of the House.
Mr. GARTRELL. I suggest that a quorum
can come back here after the recess, and we can
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and then gentlemen who desire to ad-
dress the committee on general subjects can do so.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest to
the House that if, as the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means says, the Senate will
probably send us a resolution on Monday to ad-
journ on Wednesday, we had better finish this
contested-election case to-night.
Mr. SINGLETON. It is too late; many mem-
bers have already left.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Wc can come
back here, and take the vote at nine o'clock.
Mr. GARTRELL. I would say to the gen-
tleman that the vote cannot be taken to-night; that
is out of the question.
Mr. Mc&UEEN. I shall protest against any
recess for the purpose of letting off gas to-night.
Mr. BURNETT. I believe the contestant is
entitled to the floor; and I hope he will be per-
mitted to proceed.
Mr. CHRISMAN (contestant) resumed the
floor.
Mr. SIMMS. It is impossible for the contest-
ant to proceed in the midst of this disorder.
Mr. BURNETT. I desiie to know whether
the contestant is to be peimitted to conclude his
speech now ? [Cries of Yes !'; " Yes !"]
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Smith, of
North Carolina, in the chair.) Accoiding to the
order now in force, the House will take a recess
in half an hour, unless the House shall otherwise
order.
