1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1196
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No
288) to create a separate district upon the Pacific
coast, for the inspection of hulls and boilers and
machinery of vessels propelled in whole or in part
by steam; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
PREPAYMENT OF PENNY POSTAGE.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office arid
Post Roach be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
providing by law for the prepayment of the penny post.
SALE OF ARMS.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the Senate now to take up
a bill which has been several times discussed,and
remains as unfinished business. Ip is the bill (S.
No. 45) to authorize the sale of public arms to the
several States and Territories, and to regulate the
appointments of superintendents of the national
armories.
Mr.lVERSON. I shall not object to the motion
of the Senator from Mississippi, with the distinct
understanding that at the expiration of the morn-
ing hour this bill will give way to the Private
Calendar, if it shall be under discussion at that
time.
The motion of Mr. Davis was agreed to; there
being, on a division—ayes 23, noes 14; and the
Senate resumed the consideration of the bill (S.
No. 45) to authorize the sale of public arms to
the several States and Territories, and to regu-
late the appointments of superintendents of the
national armories, the pending question being on
the amendment offered by Mr. Kessenden, to in-
sert at the end of the first section the following
proviso:
Provided, That the whole number of arm<j which may be
sold as aforesaid shall be ascertained and determined in
each year by the Secretary of War, and no State or Terri-
tory shall he allowed to purchase a number of aims bearing
a greater proportion to the whole number so ascertained
and determined, than the Federal population ol'such State
or Territoiy bears to the aggregate Federal population of all
the States and Territories of the Union, aceoulmg to the
census of the United States next preceding such purchase.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise not to debate this bill,
but to perform an act of justice to the superin-
tendent at Harper's Ferry, upon whose character
as a public officer it seems to have been supposed,
in the debate which has taken place heretofore,
that some blame has attached. I desire to say
that those who may suppose so are greatly mis-
taken. He is not only a gentleman of high char-
acter, but, as I believe, has given entire satisfac-
tion to the Department as to the manner in which
he has discharged the duties of his office. He is
no military man, it is true; but if.he had been, he
could not have prevented the recent occurrences
at Harper's. Perry. He was placed there as a
civil officer to superintend the manufacture of
arms. These duties, I believe, he has discharged
well and faithfully; and certain I am that no one
enjoys a higher standing within the range of his
acquaintance.
Mr, FESSENDEN. I do not know but that
it may be requisite that I should give a very slight
explanation of the amendment which I have pro-
posed. Its design is simply to give to each State
its proportion. If the Government is going into
this business of manufacturing arms largely, and
very largely, as is proposed by the bill, for the
purpose of having them sold to the different States
at a low price, to which I am opposed, it is but
fair and proper that each State should have its
proportion of the amount so to be sold. The
amendment is simply this: that in each year the
Secretary of War shall determine the amount to
be sold, the surplus, whatever it may be, over
and above those that it is desirable to keep for the
use of the Government; and having determined
that, he shall apportion that amount among the
States and Territories; and that each State and
Territory shall have aright to purchase the pro-
portion of the whole number sold which would
belong to it according to its Federal population.
I think it is manifestly proper. Otherwise, the
whole amount might be purchased at once, or a
very large portion of it, by a State, which thought
it had a particular need for the arms on hand, and
the rest would have no opportunity to purchase
during that year. It will work well; because, if
no State should choose to purchase its proportion
in any given year, that number would be carried
to the surplus to be sold the next year, and so
would be distributed. I cannot conceive of any
objection to it, and it seems to me manifestly fair
and right, and best calculated to advance the pur-
pose.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the amendment does more
than is designed by the Senator from Maine.
As I understand his remarks, it would restrain
the demand, and would not increase at all the
supply on hand. That, I suppose, is not his ob-
ject. I do not treat arms as surplus. 1 do not
think we have too many; I do not think we have
enough. I think, however, we have the machinery
and power to enable us to increase the manufac-
ture, if we had the means whereby to increase it.
As the bill is now drawn, the issue is put under
the discretion of the Secretary of War. To make
Government practical, we must have some discre-
tionary power in men; they are the agents. If he
thinks we cannot spare any, none will be sold.
This amendment seems to provide as though some
were to be sold anyhow. That Is not my view.
If Cong ress should appropriate money enough to
work the armories up to the full " plant" there
would be none for sale, b ecause then we should
want all the increase of arms which the armories
would supply. I think if the Senator will notice
the manner in which I state his proposition in an
amendment which I shall offer, he will probably
find it covers so much as I understand him to pre-
sent in his remarks. I propose, as a substitute
for his amendment, this proviso:
Provided, That the sales of each year shall not excccd
the increased manufacture which may result from said sales,
and that the whole numberto be sold, ltless than the requi-
sitions made, shall be divided between the States applying
to puichase, pro rata, as aims furnished by the United States
are nowdiatiibuted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator and myself
probably entertain very different ideas on the
whole subject. In the first place, I presume that
he is willing, as he says, to carry tiie manufac-
ture of arms at the armories up to the whole ca-
pacity of the armories, provided the States pur-
chase the amount over and above what it may be
advisable to retain at the armories. As I stated,
I am opposed to the proposition itself. T do not
believe in the idea of the Government becoming a
manufacturer for the benefit of the States. As the
Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. Simmons] sug-
gested the other day, I do not think the Govern-
ment should go any further than it may deem
necessary in order to manufacture the number of
arms it is expedient to keep on hand. I doubt
very much whether the proposition of this bill is
not carrying the business of manufacture by the
Government beyond its legitimate bounds, and I
am not, therefore, disposed to vote for it.
My proposition, however, is, that if this meas-
ure passes so that the Government shall go into
the manufacture of arms to the extent to which
purchases may be carried by the States, the whole
supply shall not be monopolized by one State
The number that can be sold will be ascertained,
undoubtedly, after a year or two of experiment;
and what 1 propose is, that we begin with the
simple system of dividing the amount which it
may be expedient to sell among the States and
Territories, according to their Federal population.
The Senator's proposition varies from that in pro-
posing to divide the amount to be sold among the
States applying. There may be a very different
degree of readiness among the States to apply;
and, as I said before, the State first applying might
get the number of arms it required, and leave a very
small number for any other State. My idea is,
for the first year, for instance, to leave it just as
it is, that each State and each Territory shall be
at liberty to purchase its share; and if it is found
that there is an amount of money on hand, then
to increase the manufacture the next year, and let
other States which have not been furnished be
entitled to purchase their share. My amendment
provides precisely for the division among the
several States, according to their Fedeial popula-
tion, if they see fit to apply; you cannot oblige
them to apply, but if they do not, the surplus,
whatever it may be, on hand, that is not taken for
those States for the first year, will be carried, of
course, to the number of arms that will be on hand
for sale the next year; and the money received
will be appropriated in the same way to the man-
ufacture of arms, which will go to swell the amount
to be divided. 1 see no difficulty about it. The
proposition of the Senator does not answer my
purpose. It answers his very well; but it is-not
my idea. Perhaps my idea is not sufficiently de-
fined in my own mind; but I think I underhand
what I mean.
Mr. DAVIS. Th« difference, T think, is very
plain. I suppose that if the sales furnish means
to run up to the full "plant" of the armories, they
will increase the manufacture twenty-two thou-
sand stand of arms per annum. If only ten thou-
sand are required, they will replace the ten thou-
sand by the money received for the ten thousand
they issue. If no more than ten thousand are re-
quired , they make no more over and above what we
make now annually. Then the Senator must per-
ceive that, according to his proposition, he would
be providing at some future day to take from the
Government arms which had never been replaced
to the Government. If, on the other hand, the
requisitions are for twenty-two thousand, and
money is paid in which replaces the twenty-two
thousand, the Government loses nothing.
But the Senator commits this great mistake: he
treats it as a new proposition. He says, " if we
are to go into this." Weareinit; wehavebeen
in it—since the foundation of the armories we
have been in it; and there is now a standing ap-
propriation of $200,000 per annum to make arms
for the militia. Now, the question is, whether
all the States are to be taxed to furnish as many
arms as the militia may require, or whether each
State will tax itself for such additional number as
it may desire to possess. I think the advantage
is in the latter method; that the States taxing
themselves will take better care of the arms than
if all the States were taxed to furnish them, and
instead of laying a tax to increase the manufac-
ture for an increased issue, we shall be replacing
all the arms in the hands of the Government
which are taken out by this method, and there is
no charge falling on any, except those who are
willing to bear it. If a volunteer company, for
instance, chooses to buy as many arms as it re-
quires,it hands the money to the Governor, who
makes the requisition and pays for the arms it
needs. That volunteer company, then, you may
be well assured, will take care of those arms in
such a manner that they will be ready for use
whenever required. Our policy is to arm the mi-
litia. It is a mere question of method; it is as to
the form in which it shall be done—nothing; more;
and all that is nccessary to restrain it I thought
was in the original proposition. If anything was
wanting, it is contained in the amendment which
I now propose to substitute in lieu of the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Maine.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The question is on the following
amendment, offered by the Senator from Missis-
sippi as a substitute for the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Maine: to strikeout all after
the word " provided," and insert:
That the sales of each year shall not exceed the ill-
creased manufacture which may result from said sales;
and that the whole number to be sold, if lestf than the re-
qusitions made, phall be divided between the States apply-
ing to purchase, pro rata, as arms furnished by the United
States are now distributed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Biglcr, Bragg, Bright, Brown,
Clay, Oingman, Crittenden, Davis, Fitch, Fitapatrick,
Green, Gwin, Hammond, Hunter, Iveuon, Johnson of
Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Latham,
Maiiory, Nicholson, Pearce, Powell, Sebastian, Thom-
son, Toomb-, and Wigfail—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Chandlei, Clark,
Coilamer. Dixon, Poolittie, Fessenden, Foot, Foster,
Grimes, Hamlin, liaiian. Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade,
Wilkinson, and Wilson—18.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. FITZPATRICIC. Mr. President, I have
listened attentively to the elaborate discussion
which has heretofore taken place on this bill. I
approved of the bill in the committee, and approve
of it now. I think it is salutary in all its provis-
ions. I do not sympathize with those Senators
who seem to apprehend that this will be bringing
the Government establishments m antagonism to
the private arms manufactories in the country.
The question will always be under the control
of Congress. "We usually appropriate, I think,
Ji200j000 a year for the manufacture of arms. ,If
