1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to our public servants how they shall expendthat
money? When they strike down the mail ser-
vice of the country, and we do not protest against
it and remedy the evil that has been done, if we
conscientiously think the act was unwise, I think*
sir, that we had better go home and hide our heads
in shame. It is to our lasting disgrace, if we are
not willing to stand by the interests of our con-
stituents, if we conscientiously believe that the
mail scrvice ought to be restored. If we have not
the power to do this, we are but mere automata,
and had hotter hand over the keys of the Treas-
ury to the Administration, and resign our useless
offices.
1 now come to the point of the gentleman's re-
marks. Had he been more acquainted with what
he justly calls the intricate ana complicated ma-
chinery of the Post Office Department, he would
not have the argument he has. An act of Con-
gress provides that lailroads completed, or par-
tially completed, shall be declared post roads; and
it is made the duty of the Postmaster General, if
he has the money, to put mail service upon them.
But the railroad companies are not obliged to
carry the mails unless they want to; and an evil
■which affects the post office system more than
any other, arises from the fact that most of these
railroad companies will not enter into contracts
•with the Post Office Department for carrying the
mail. They will not contract that the Depart-
ment shall say that they shall take the mails and
deliver them at certain hours at certain stipulated
prises. They dictate the times and the terms, and
tell the Department that if it doesnotagree to them
it can have its mails carried by wagons, or in any
other way it pleases. The Post Office Commit-
tee has been engaged in an effort to devise ways
and means by which railroad companies will be
compelled to enter into contracts before the mails
are given to them.
Mr. BRANCH. This is not confined to rail-
roads.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman cannot escape
my reply in that way. He based hisargumentupon
railroad mails—the double daily mails; and I be-
lieve there are no double daily mails in the coun-
try, except what are carried by the railroads.
Mr. BRANCH. If I said railroads, it was an
inadvertence. The language used says nothing
about railroads.
Mr. COLFAX. I understand very well the
reason which moved the Committee of "Ways and
Means to make the provision they have in re-
storing the mail service of the country. They
give a daily mail where they had a daily mail be-
fore; and those who have had a double daily mail
before would be glad, I am sure, to have a daily
mail given to them. The amendment was put
on to carry out the object proposed; and that is,
not to push the restoration of the mail service too
far.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. "WOODSON. I ask that the words I have
marked shall be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
And where the service has been actually performed by
the rontiactor notwithstanding such discontinuance, the
Postmaster General shall pay the contractors as if no change
had been oidered; but the Postmaster General shall not bo
required to restore the seivice on any of said loutes beyond
one daily mail each way.
Mr. WOODSON. I move to insert these words
between the word " contractor" and the word
" notwithstanding:"
Or where the contractor shall say that he wa* prepared
and ready, during the entire time of said discontinuance,
to perform said service, and offered to perionn the same.
Mr, Chairman, I offer the amendment to meet
a case which I understand to be common through-
out the country, and known to me to exist in one
or two instances, i wish to make, while I am up,
a few remarks on the subject under discussion—
thui is, with reference to the conduct of the Post-
master General in striking down the mail service
of the country, and the duty that is imposed upon
us to restore it.
I declare without any hesitation, and boldly,
that the conduct ofthe Postmaster General, in cur-
tailing the mail service throughout the country,
and more especially in the West, was one of the
most unwarranted violations of public interest
and private rights that has ever occurred in the
history of our Government; and I am astonished
to hear my colleague [Mr. Phelps] say that there
was a necessity for any such curtailment, and
assign as that necessity the failure of Congress to
pass the Post Office appropriation bill. *Now, to
my mind, that is the last reason, above all others,
which should have been given; for, if there was
anything which required the Postmaster General
to allow the service to remain as it was, it was
that failure on the part of Congress to provide
the means to pay the just debts of the Govern-
ment. That failure of Congress to furnish means
to pay the contractors was the very reason why
the service should not have been curtailed. Why,
Congress does a great wrong to the mail contract-
ors in not furnishing the means to pay its honest
debts, forcing the contractors thereby to resort to
credit, by which they lost immensely, and were
bound to lose largely. The Postmaster General
found the contractors, who wereengagedin carry-
ing the mails and m performing the service of the
Department,in a crippled condition; and while
they were writhing in the agony inflicted upon
them by Congress, he destroyed what little re-
maining life they had, by depriving them of that
credit. While, sir, he curtailed in many instances
one half the service they were performing, he
reduced,pro rata, one half their payjand mmany
instances he increased the actual labor they had
to perform, and in many instances deprived them
of what they were justly entitled to under their
contracts.
But this curtailment, if it should have been
made at all, ought to have been made fairly and
according to some rule of justice and propriety.
We find that in the State of Kentucky—and now
I speak upon the authority of our colleague, [Mr.
Grata]—the pay of the contractors was curtailed
only to the amount of $14,000; while m the dis-
trict I have the honor to represent, the curtail-
ment was $25,000; and in the entire State of Ken-
tucky, §180,000.
[llere the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURNETT obtained the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the gentleman from
Kentucky will give way and allow us to go into
the House, and close debate upon this section.
Mr. BURNETT. I wish to say a word in re-
ply to the gentleman from Missouri. It is an easy
matter to indulge in wholesale charges and denun-
ciations of any Department of the Government.
One gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Craig] paid
the Postmaster General the highest compliment
he could pay him, when he said that he was an
economist in these times of extravagant and use-
less legislation.
Now, I defy either of the gentlemen from Mis-
souri to name a single route in Missouri, which
has been discontinued, from which the receipts
into the public Treasury were anything like the
expenditure required to carry on that service on
those routes. Name one if you can. This re-
port shows that in the State of Missouri $500,000
more is paid for carrying on her postal service
than she pays into the Treasury in tne way of
postages received upon those routes. The gen-
tleman undertakes to draw a companson between
Kentucky and Missouri upon that subject. Let
me tell that gentleman and his colleagues that the
difference is this: that m Kentucky we do not
demand the same number of useless and unneces-
sary mail routes that you have in Missouri.
But I care nothing about that. I say again to
those gentlemen that they cannot put their finger
upon a single discontinued route m the State of
Missouri which pays into the Treasury for post-
ages anything like what it costs to carry the mail
upon those routes.
Let me tell them another thing, and that is,
that they will find thirteen States in which the
reduction is less than it is m Kentucky, and still
you endeavor to fasten the charge of favoritism
upon the Postmaster General in that respect. It
will not do, and gentlemen may as well abandon
that part of their argument.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Does the gentle-
man say that the postal service of Missouri costs
$500,000 moie than she pays in postage into the
Treasury ?
Mr. BURNETT. I do; and 1 take the gentle-
man's own figures when I make that statement.
The statement here shows that the expenditures
exceed the receipts ^499,214.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. That includes the ;
expense of the California overland mail. ]
Mr. BURNETT. I take the report of the I
Postmaster General, as that is the indictment upon
which the gentleman arraigns Kentucky, and I
stand by it.
I call the attention of the gentleman to another
thing. I take issue with him upon the letter of
the Postmaster General, to which he referred, and
I ask him to have it published, in justice to the
Postmaster General, with the remarks which he
has made this morning. He is mistaken as to the
character and contents of that letter, or I do not
understand the force ofthe English language.
The proviso contained in this bill is one of the
most iniquitous propositions which ever was made
in the history of the legislation of this country.
There are gentlemen who differ with me, and they
will pardon me if I characterize it as I think it
deserves. It proposes to put money into the pock-
ets of those who have rendered no service'what-
ever to the country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, obtained the floor.
_ Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the committee
rise, for the purpose of terminating' this debate.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
souri has the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. A motion to rise is always
in order, I believe.
The CHAIRMAN. Not while another gen-
tleman has the floor.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, moved a pro forma
amendment, and said: I offer an amendment more
for the purpose of answering the remarks of the
gentleman from Kentucky than for any other pur-
pose. Yesterday, when this matter was under
discussion, I said that the Postmaster General, in
my judgment, had the legal righttochange these
contracts; but I took the ground that he had not
exercised his discretion soundly, and that he had
not, in reducing or increasing the service, acted
judiciously in reference to the western States.
The gentleman from Kentucky to-day takes me
to task, and calls that a denunciation of the Post-
master General. We are told, by the gentleman
from Kentucky, and by the advocates ofthe Post-
master General, that he is an executive officer,
and that no executive officer is to be controlled by
the legislation of this House; that he may do as he
pleases, run rough-shod over the people of this
country; and that we must sit here and not raise
our voices in order to bring him up to his duty,
if he fails to perform it. I do not understand
such a theory of Government. I would scorn to
occupy a seat here as a Representative of a free
people, if I were to sit quietly anfl admit the fact
that a Postmaster General, or the President of the
United States himself,can commit excesses, and
that I should be ashamed or afraid to discharge
my duty, and tell him he was in error. Now, I
have not denounced the Postmaster General, ex-
cept that I took the liberty to say he has not ex-
ercised his discretion soundly and properly. He
has stricken down the rights of my constituents.
He has beggared many honest, upright men, who
were performing postal servicc; and he has vio-
lated the terms of his bargain with them.
And now we are told by the gentleman from
Kentucky that Missouri does not pay as much
into the Treasury for the postal service as she
takes out. How with his own State—an old State?
My ctflleague [Mr. Craig] has shown that Ken-
tucky has a gieater deficit in regard to the postal
revenue than Missouri has. But 'he deficit of
Missouri is enlarged by charging her with the
expense of mail routes that do not belong to her.
The Pacific overland route ought not to be charged
against her. It is a fraud to do so If I had time
now I could specify a number of routes in my
district that have been stricken down by the ac-
tion of the Postmaster General. Some of them
are large and important routes, over which heavy
mails pass to the Indian country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. QJJARLES. I desire to offer an amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order. There
is an amendment to an amendment already pend-
ing/
Mr. SHERMAN. I think debate has now
gone far enough. I move that the committee rise,
for the purpose of closing debate.
Mr. Q,UARLES. There can be no earthly
objection to the amendment which I propose to
ofter.
The CHAIRMAN. No amendment is in order
