176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19.
to ask leave to introduce a bill making an appro-
priation'for the improvement of the navigation of
the "Delaware bay and river.
TERRITORIAL POLICY.
Mr. BRIGHT. If there is liofurthcr business,
I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr; PUGH; ■ I hope the Senator will not press
that'motion.
- Mr. BRIGHT. I withdraw it, if there is any-
business before1 the Senate.
Mr. PUGH. I offered a resolution on Thurs-
day last, which was laid over until to-day under
the rales of the Senate, and if there be no other
business before the Senate, I move that we now
proceed to the consideration of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That resolu-
tion is the fi-rst business now in order. It is
moved to take up the resolution indicated by the
Senator from Ohio.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, 'that the Committee on Territories be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of repealing so much of the
acts approved September 9,1850, for the organization of ter-
ritorial governments in New Mexico and Utah, as lequires
that all tile laws passed by the Legislatures of those Ter-
ritories shall bo submitted to Congress for approval or
rejection.
Mr. HALE. I wish simply to suggest a thought
thai has occurred to me, that the Senate have acted,
on heretofore, and that is, that it is not in order
to enter on any legislative business until the two
Houses are organised. That has been the under-
standing of the Senate heretofore,I know. This
resolution relates to legislative business, and, I
think, comes within that exception.
Mr. FOOT. There is no committee to be in-
structed.
Mr. PUGH. It is a mere instruction to a com-
mittee.
Mr. HA LE. But it relates to legislative busi-
ness. I know, heretofore, when Congress has been
in the state it is now in, the Senate have refused
to entertain any legislative business, and I think
this is of that charactci. I make that point of
order.
Mr PUGH. Well, Mr. President, as I design
to speak somewhat to the resolution, it is per-
fectly immaterial to me whether I speak to the
point of order raised by the Senator from New
Hampshire or to the resolution itself.
. I have ortered this resolution, Mr. President,
because 1 was foreclosed, by what I said at the
time, when the Senator from "Virginia [Mr. Ma-
son] introduced his resolution, from making some
response to what has been said during the course
of this session by Senators upon the other side
of the Chamber, as well as what has been said
throughout the country since the last session of
Congress. I had desired, for my part, that the
brief residue of my service hero might pass with
as little trouble and with as few controversies as
possible; but cu-tamiy, after the language which
was addressed to tile .Senate by the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Iversox,] not" once merely, but
twice and thrice, I should ill discharge my duty
to those whom 1 represent if 1 did not make some
definite and, I truwt, complete.answer. I say the
Senator from' Georgia thrice made his accusation
on three different days. He charged the Democ-
racy of the northern States, on the first day, with
being unsound; if not corrupt, at least corruptible.
He returned to the charge on the second day, to
reiterate what he had already said, and jo accom-
pany it with the allegation that it was the tear oi
defeat, or the fear of losing powei and office .which
had made them huocumb to the power ot a .sec-
tional organization. He returind to it on ihe
third day, to add to hiw former accusation that
the doctrine entertained by the Democracy of th"
northern States was not only much worse to the
interests and rights of the South than the Wilmot
proviso, but was more disingenuous and even
more unkind.
Now, sir, in so far as the question of the sound-
ness or the unsoundness of the northern Denioc-
lacy is concerned, I beg leave to say to the hon-
orable Senator from Geoigia, we have not elected
him to be our judge; we have not'submitted our
ca.sc to his consideration; nor do we propose thus
to submit it. Wo are m the habit of meeting to-
gether, the people themselves, or by their dele-
gates, in their counties and in iheir States; and
once in four years we arc in the habit of meeting
the representatives of the Democracy of the south-
ern States in general convention; and we take it
upon ourselves to decide on such occasions what
our own views are, and ho-# far they are to be
regarded as sound or unsound. Those who do
not like them, or who do not like to associate with
us, can chpose better company. Those who like
our opinions, and like our conduct, may. remain
with us under a common organization, but they
are-no more distinguished for their fidelity to
principle than the Democracy of the northern
States; and that brings me to the Senator's second
accusation.
I do not stand-here to chant the praises of the
Democracy of the non-slaveholding States. I
claim no credit for them, except, the credit in this
day of having done their duty, which is rather a
rare thing. We esteem a man in the ordinary
affairs of life who merely discharges his pecuni-
ary obligations on the day when they fall due, at
whatever sacrifice may be required of him; but
within the last five years, a powerful and domi-
nant party has overrun the rforth, which, when
I was elected to the Senate of the United States,
controlled every northwestern State, our home
governments, our representation in Congress, our
county officers; and yet, sir, we have followed
the flag of the Democratic party, and adhered to
its organization against sectional prejudice, against
appeals to passion and appeals to pride, until this
vastmoufijtain against our power has melted away;
and then we arc challenged in the Senate of the
United States, by those who do not hear the bur-
den and heat of the day, with being unsound in
our views of Democratic principles. Sir, when
the Democracy of the southern States can show :
a record like that, when they have resisted sec- ;
tional appeals, when they have stood as a I ml- j
wark against the prejudice and the pride of their
section, it will do for their representatives to chal-
lenge a comparison with those whom they now
affect to despise.
1 come now to the Senator's third accusation.
He says that the doctrines entertained by the De-
mocracy of the non-slaveholding States on the
subject of the power of Congress over the Terri-
tories, are infinitely more dangerous to the people
of the southern States than the Wilmot proviso
itself. Mr. President, whilst J was casting about
in my own mind to see what answer could be
given to that, I had the good fortune to find an
answer already made to my hand. Lfind that a
very distinguished gentleman, on the 26th day of
July, 1848, in the House of Representatives, ex-
pressed himself in this manner:
" Sir, the opinions and position ofGeneial Cass*, upon the
subject of slavery, have been deliberately foimed and openly
avowed to the American people. UN sentiments are not
lott to vague conjecture, or contradictory construction.
Whilst. General Taylor is urged upon the South, because,
fiom hi* ievidence and interest,he is supposed, and alleged
to be opposed to the Wilmot proviso: and upon the Noith,
because he is believed to he in iN favoi, oi pledged not to
veto it if pa^ed b}' Con-ire^; whilst the position ot* Gen-
otai Tavloi like the, Delphic oracle,giving out iexpenses
to suit the \viishe< and taster of those who consult it, Gen-
cial Ikh spoken in direct and unequivocal language to
all. He has dccUucd himself, in tcrins* the unyielding op-
ponent ol the jurisdiction of Congress over the subject of
slavciy in any iorm whatever. In his letter to Mr. Nich-
olson," he takes open, manly, decisive giound. In his leltci
to the committee of the Baltimore convention, he gtvoM an
evpiicit adhesion to all the principles adopted by that body,
one of which lays down the Democratic platfoim upon the
subject of slavciy."
I read that as an introduction to what follows,
. merely to show that the opinions and views en-
!> tenaincd by the present distinguished Secretary
11 of State, and which he has announced m this
i; Chamber so many times in the hearing of more
j than three fourths of the Senators now present,
j; ihnc there can be no question as to his views;
; | the views which General Cass enunciated in De-
i comber, 3b47, m his letter addressed to one of the
i; Senators from Tennessee, now present, were the
ii acknowledged doctrines, North and South, of the
j1 Democratic party at that time. Now, then, for
.| the specific objection:
i i c; It bus been objected that the position assumed by Gen-
ji eral Cass, and appiovcdbythe great bodyof the Democratic
j1 paity in every section of the Union, that Congress has no
j j power over the question of slavery, and that it belongs ex-
i | clusively to the people of the Territories themselves, is
ji \voi-'e ier the South than the doctrine of the Wilmot pro-
! | viso. We ate told that slavery is now excluded from New
jj Mc.xico and California, and that the question must be de-
li eided awiinr-t the South, if left to their inhabitants. Sii,
|j suppose tlu> bv> true, how much worse off are we than if
!' the jmisdiction be left to Congress? If the power be ad-
mitted to the Federal Government, who docs not see and
know that the adoption of the Wilmot proyiso is inevitable ?
The only guarantee against its adoption at the present mo-
ment is the constitutional scruples of northern Democrats,
and the exercise of the veto power. Remove these by ad-
mitting the constitutional power, and the Wilmot proviso
is fastened upon us for all time to come. What, then, can
the South lose by leaving the question to the people of the
Ten itories, rather than to the Congress of the United States ?
Sir, I do not propose to argue the question of constitutional
power, either in Congress or the Territories, over this sub-
ject. Much difference of opinion exists as to whether the
power is in the Federal Government, or in the hands of
the people of the Territories. These questions have been
ably argued by those who have gone before me in this de-
bate, and T do not intend to occupy the time of the com-
mittee in their renewed discussion. ?
"It is admitted, howcvei, by all parties, that there is a'point
oftimc at which this question ofslavery oi no slavery may be,
and must be, decidcd by the people of the Tcmtoiies. When
they meet in convention, in the exercise of sovereign au-
thority. to form a constitution preparatoiy to admission into
this Union as a State, then they may regulate this question
ofs-iavcrj at pleasure. The only difference of opinion upon
the point is, whether the people may oi may not, under the
Constitution, exciciso tnis power by territorial legislation
prior to the formation of a State constitution. Sir, without
discussing or deciding the question, I do not consider it a
matter of essential importance to the South at what-time
this powei niav be exeiciscd by the people of the Territo-
ries. It is, in my opinion, of infinitely more importance,
both to the South and to the Union, that the power be left
to the Tei ntoncs, instead of the Federal Government. Sir,
doe^ it follow, that if the power be left to the people in their
tentorial capacity, slavery will necessarily be excluded?
Is it true, si), that slavery is at this moment prohibited in
. New Mexico and California? It is admitted that the con-
stitution of Mexico declares that slavciy shall not exist in
the States of that Republic. But, sir, California and New
Mexico aio uoiongei poitions of the Mexican nation. They
have been, by tieatv. transfeired, as Tcriitoriesoi provinces,
to the United States, and at the very moment of tiansfer,
0 iPitanti, the constitutional provisions of the Mexican
Government ceo. ed then opeiation, and tho^e of oui Con-
Miiution assumed thou place. The Constitution of the
United States lecogmzes the existence of slavciy, and pro-
tects its enjoyment". These Tcnitories are common prop-
city of all 'the people of ?i!l th<? States. Until, therefore,
legislative power shall beexeicised by some tribunal having
juusdiction, the whole question of slavery in these Teiri-
tones is lott in abeyance, and the countiy open to the emi-
; giation of all. Now, sir, whether the people in their terri-
! torial capacity can constitutionally or rightfully exclude
I slavery, i am,willing to leave to the dcci&ion of the Su-
j prome Couu. winch many gentlemen contend is the pioper
| and constant oral tribunal for its decision, o< to the con-
i sideiat.on and judgment ot the people themselves.
: t: it a preesple in Menuir natuie, a<3 poweiful as uni-
■ vei-al, that political action of communities will be icgu-
i latcd and controlled by the interests of the paities con-
eeined. K. theicioie, it shall appear that slave labor may
be nmiitably employed in the^p new territories of the Union,
and the people arc left fre^ to act, they will adopt the insti-
tution ot slavery. If, on the other hand, it shall be found
that the climate and .soil aic not adapted to the profitable
employment of slave labor, no slaves will ever find their
way into the country, however wide the door may be opened
for their admission. ' All that the^outh, theiefoie, can or
ought to ask, is, that the people of the Teiritories be left
to decide this mo^t linpoitant question for themselves. If
thcil mteies>t dictates it,t>Iaveiy will be established, in spite
of the piejudice? cither of Mexican residents orthosewho
may emigrate from the Ante.- of thi^ Government. Expe-
rience teacher that the Yankee, who moves to and settles
at the South, whete slave labot is piolitablc, is as willing
1 and as leady to own slaves, :iy, and to task them, too, as
! tlio.se who have been hoi n and hied upm their midst. That
J zeal tor human freedom,to patriotically cultivated and pro-
claimed in their native land, like the courage of Rob Acres,
•oozes out at their fingers' ends,' as soon as they come
under the genial sun of southern slavciy. The promptings^
of ambition and interest soon overcome the prejudices of
early education. If slavery, then, cannot be profitably in-
troduced into the countiy, it will nevei go theie, although
you may pass laws recognizing its existence and protecting
its enjoyment.
Ci If it be piof table, depend upon it the- people will have
it m spite of piejudice, if you do not prohibit it by con-
gressional legislation. Uet, therefore, tins exciting, disu act-
ing, disturbing subject be left to the judgment and deeiMon
of those who will be most deeply lntei ested m it and affected
' by it. There it will be coolly considered, arid piopeily
i decidcd ; and, as a southern man, I am willing to tunt the
decision and abide the result. L.et it be kept out of the
Halls of Confess; foi here, and heie only, will the exer-
cise of this? dangerous and di.-puiert powci'put this e\peii-
ment of a Fedeial Union to the sevcie^t te-.t/'
What Free-Soiler delivered that? What gen-
tleman ofunsound principles ?" -What gentle-
man whose Demoerac}', "if not corrupt, is at
least corruptible?" Is there anything declared
by General Cass m his famous Nicholson letter;
is there anything delivered by Judge Douglas in
his famous Freeport speech, tlftt, according to
the Senator from Georgia, could be mou; heretical
than that? Yet that is the language of the Sen-
ator from Georgia himself eleven years ago; and
1 have only to say, in all kindness to him, that
he mi^ht allow us to hold the opinions which he
expressed eleven years ago.
But, sir, that is not all. The Legislature by
which the Senator was chosen—the Legislature
of Georgia—at the time when the Kansas-INe-
braskabill was before the Senate, sent instructions
