1196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
it should become necessary to enlarge or diminish
the amount, it will always be under the control of
Congress. We all know that the whole militia
system has been pretty much reduced to the vol-
unteer system, and the volunteer corps through-
out the various States are the first to rally to the
support of the country; and to enable them to do
that, I think it becomes the duty of Congress to
arm them with the best arms the country can
afford. Experience has shown that the best can
be got from the armories of the United States.
I do not rise for the purpose of discussing the
question, but to ask my friend from Mississippi
to accept an amendment which I think ought to
be made to this bill. We are all aware that, under
the modern improvements, the percussion lock has
taken the place of the old style of cap lock, and
the Government has adopted a primer which is
essential to the use of its arms. That invention
is owned exclusively by the United States, and
those primers are manufactured at public expense,
and under the control of the Government of the
United States. I therefore propose, as an amend-
ment, to insert in the sixth line of the first sec-
tion, after the word "armories,"thewords "and
primers prepared by the United States."
Mr. DAVIS. There can be no objection to
that. Ifany of the States wish to apply for primers
for the percussion "lock, and to purchase primers
manufactured in the arsenal, I do not see any ob-
jection to allowing it, under the discretion pro-
posed to be lodged in the Secretary of War.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
There was a. motion before the Senate to strike
out the first section of the bill, but the amend-
ment of the Senator from Alabama is in order
before taking the question on striking out. The
question is on that amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have the
yeas and nays on that. I do not know anything
about these primers; but this seems to be going
into another speculation on the subject.
The veas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
whether the United States is the owner of any
primer. I have heard that there is considerable
competition about this primer business. They
are all under patent; and to have a general pro-
vision to furnish primers, without knowing how
much is to be paid for them, or anything about
it, seems to me to be leaping in the dark.
Mr. F1T Z P AT III C K. I. will inform the Sen-
ator, as I stated in the few remarks I made before,
that I understand the Governmentpurchased what
is called Maynard's primer, and has the exclu-
sive right to prepare those primers now. I learn,
on inquiry, that there is not an establishment in
the United States that can prepare them at ail to
compare with the primers prepared by the United
States under this patent; and if the arms which
that primer is necessaiy to accompany be dis-
posed of without it, the arms will be a nuisance.
Experience has shown that these primers can be
best manufactured by the Government; and I be-
lieve it has the exclusive right to manufacture
them. The amendment simply authorizes the
Government to dispose of the primers, which are
a necessary accompaniment to the arms, based on
the principles of modern improvement with the
arms themselves. It is an oversight in the bill,
and the amendment will make it complete.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand that the
Government became interested in Maynard's
primer 
Mr. DAVTS. If the Senator from Maine will
allow me, I think I can state the whole proposi-
tion in a moment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am always glad to yield
to the Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. DAYIS. I wish simply to state the facts;
not to argue the matter. The Government pur-
chased a right to use an invention of Dr. May-
nard—being a primer. The Government has man-
ufactured some of these primers; they are also
manufactured on private account. The Govern-
ment did not purchase and did not desire to have
the exclusive right to make them; it only pur-
chased the right to make them to any extent
which it pleased. It has so happened, however,
that the principal difficulty in the primer was to
get a cement which would hold the two strips
together, Mid prevent the capsule from being ex-
posed to the weather, and prevent one capsule
from conveying its fire to the adjoining one. This,
which seemed to be very small in the beginning,
has thus far proved an obstacle not overcome
anywhere, except at one arsenal, and in the hands
of one ordnance officer. The only good primers
which have been made, have been made at the
Frankford arsenal, and because of the skill of the
officer in'charge of it. This proposition, as I
understand it, from the Senator from Alabama,
is to authorize those who purchase the improved
arms"which may have the primer, or can be used
without it, to purchase also the primers prepared
by the Government, under his impression, which
is mine, in the present state of the manufacture,
that they cannot get good ones anywhere else.
That is all there is in it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I had an impression, de-
rived from conversations among gentlemen, that
there had been a recent invention which made
that primer much more valuable, but that it was
not yet perfected exactly. There was an original
defect in it, that it would not stand exposure to
water; but I understood that recently there had
been an invention which bid fair to be successful,
and to be a public protection, to keep this dry,
although immersed in water for several days, but
that has not yet been brought to perfection. Now,
until it is brought to perfection, it seems to be use-
less to make these provisions; and more especially
if the Department, on the authority of this pro-
vision, would purchase this invention and make
a job of it; and I confess I am very suspicious of
jobs by the Government. I think, from what I
have heard in relation to the matter, that it is
hardly time yet to say for a certainty that this
thing is completed, finished, and perfected. I
believe we have recently made one or two specu-
lations, since I have been m the Senate,with ref-
erence to altering arms, &c., that have turned out
to bo pretty bad ones. We have been led away
by this talk of great improvements, and acted has-
tily, and wasted our money. I think wc had bet-
ter not waste it. I think very highly of Dr. May-
nard's genius with reference to arms, but I want
to act carefully.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. The Senator from Mis-
sissippi is more accurately informed than I am in
reference to the interest the Government has in
this patent. I perhaps could have acquired the
information if I had examined more particularly
into it; but my impression was that the Govern-
ment owned the exclusive right to make these
primers. I.stand corrected now by him. The
Government has certainly obtained the right to
use the invention to any extent is pleases. Now,
if this is a valuable invention, and those who pur-
chase these arms desire it, my amendment author-
izes them to have the primer. The President is not
absolutely required to have these primers accom-
pany the arms; nor are the companies bound ab-
solutely to purchase them. If the improvement
alluded to by the Senator from Maine hSb been
made, and there is another primer superior to the
one the Government has now got the right to
make, the volunteer companies will seek it. All
1 ask is to let the President allow the volunteer
companies or the States who desire to purchase
these arms to purchase the primer, and give him
authority to sell it. It is not to interfere with any
inventions that may take place hereafter. If it
shall be superseded by a superior article, those
who desire the arms will not purchase these pri-
mers, but will look elsewhere for a better article.
. Mr. HAMLIN. I would like the attention of
the Senator from Mississippi for a single moment.
I want to invite his attention to this amendment
in a single point. The bill, if I understand it,
provides for the distribution of such arms as shall
be applied for and paid for by the Executives of
certain States. Well, suppose a certain number
arc applied for, purchased and paid for. Under
this bill, if this amendment shall be adopted, cer-
tain primers are also to be furnished. Now, I ask,
if the amendment shall be adopted in the words in
which it is presented, how many primers are to be
allowed? I ask what is to be paid for them ? I ask,
in addition to that, if this provision is to stop by
furnishing any given quantity, when the arms are
to be furnished; or is it to be an annual demand
made on the Government for these primers, or a
demand whenever the persons receiving the arms
may want them ? It is certainly very indefinite.
There is nothing about it to tell when they are to
befurnished, howthey are to befurnished,'whether
they are to be furnished once or continuously. The
thing ought to be put in a different shape from
what it now is, it seems to me, so that it shall be
at least intelligible.
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer the inquiry. 1
suppose, of course, from the language, it means
the cost price. I will also say that I attached so
little importance to it as m;t to think beyond an
instant about it when it was proposed. My own
opinion is, that the militia do not want them; that
they will not buy them; that there will not be
a hundred dollars'worth of them ever sold to the
militia; though when they go into active service
they may require them, and then they will be fur-
nished by the United States; but for any purpose
of instruction, or any use at home, I do not be-
lieve they will ever require the primers or desire
them. The arms are made for cap and primer
both. The habit is to use the cap. The primer
may be as defective as some think; it may be as
good as others deem it. It has not been sufficiently
perfected as yet to give any confidence in the man-
ufacture. But one manufacture has been made in
which I have confidence. I do not believe the
militia will buy any considerable number of them.
I do not believe my friend from Alabama has much
interest in it. I am sure he has no interest in any
plan of improving the primer, but has moved the
amendment under the belief that a good primer
had already been made.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. The Senator is correct;
it is a matter in which I have very little interest,
but it has been brought to my notice by some per-
sons who feel an interest in the matter, and who
have a knowledge of it. In looking into the bill,
it was suggested to me that th"e amendment had
better be made, to enable the States, if they saw
proper, to purchase primers to accompany the
arms.
Mr. DAVIS. If my friend from Alabama will
allow me, as there is some confusion about the
effect to be produced by this proposition, and as
private establishments, when the manufacture of
these primers is perfected by the Government, will
very soon thereafter make them on the same plan—
for the Government has no secret, (any manufac-
turer can go and learn exactly what cement is
used,) and, 1 doubt not, within a year after the
Governmcntperfects it, private establishments will
make it on their own account—I do not think it
of consequence to insist on the amendment.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I do not think it of any
great consequence myself, and have offered it to
gratify the wishes of others. I should like to see
the amendment incorporated in the bill. I am clear
in the conviction that it is to affect no private in-
terest; that if a better article is invented hereafter,
or if, upon experiment, the volunteers do notliko
this primer, but prefer the cap, they will have the
option, and that is all I seek to effect by this
amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard; Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg, Brown,
Clay, Clingman, Douglas, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Green, Hale,
Hammond, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Ten-
nessee, Kennedy, Mallory, Nicholson, Powell, Sebastian,
and Toombs—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Ham-
lin, Pearce, Rice, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Thomson, Wade,
Wigfall, Wilkinson, and Wilson—20.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It becomes tha
duty of the Chair to announce the special order,
the hour having arrived for the consideration of
the Private Calendar, which is the special order
for the day.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I suppose it will tako
but a few moments to finish the bill, and I move
to postpone the special order for that purpose.
Mr. IVERSON. If it is understood that the
question is to be taken at once, I shall interpose
no objection to the motion; but if it is to give rise
to discussion, I shall not consent to let the Private
Calendar be passed over. It will be remembered
that we lost the whole of last Friday out of respect
and consideration to a distinguished individual
who was here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
to postpone the Private Calendar.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg, Bright, Brown,
