mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the House take
a recess now until seven o'clock.
Mr. GROW. By unanimous consent, the recess
can be postponed until the contestant concludes
his speech.
Mr. BURNETT. I am willing now, if gen-
tlemen will agree to it, to let this case go over
until Monday; and then we can go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union for
general discussion; but if that course is not pur-
sued, I shall submit another motion.
Mr. STOKES. 1 object. Let the argument
be completed now.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I move that the House
do now adjourn; and on that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I appeal to the
gentleman from Kentucky to withdraw the mo-
tion to adjourn. It is useless to spend half ail hour
in calling the yeas and nays.
Mr. BURNETT. Very well, I will withdraw
the motion to adjourn, if it is the understanding
that the House take a recess until seven o'clock.
Mr. GARTRELL. I must object to that for
the present.
, Mv. PHELPS, t understand it has already
been agreed that the vote shall be taken on this
election case on Monday at one o'clock. I see no
reason, therefore, why we may not as well take a
recess, with the understanding that this debate
shall go over until Monday.
Mr. STRATTON. The understanding is that
the previousquestion shall be called at one o'clock,
and that I shall have the opportunity of saying
whatever I may find it necessary to say, if I shall
find it necessary to say anything, after the pre-
vious question has been ordered.
Mr. PHELPS. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have an objection to that,
provided it be the understanding that whoever is
upon the floor may be stopped at one o'clock, and
the previous question called.
Mr.BURNETT. I understand,now, it is pro-
posed to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, for the purpose of general
debate. If that be the agreement, I have no ob-
jection whatever. I am not willing, however, to
require the debate upon this contested-election
case lo go on, and my colleague required to speak
to empty benches to-night. 1 move that the rules
be suspended, and that'the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union for the purpose of geneial debate.
Mr. SHERMAN, f understand that objection
will be made to speeches being made, unless a
quorum is present. I move that the Iiouse ad-
journ.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, called for tellers
on the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kellogg,
of Illinois, and Cox were appointed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The motion to ndjourn was withdrawn.
knkolli5p 1ull.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee oil En-
rolled Bills, icported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act (II. U.
No. 215) making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian department
and for fulfilling ticaty stipulations with various
Indian tnbe« for the year ending June 30, 1861;
when the Speaker signed the same.
•MKSSAGI3 FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mi-. Patton, one of their clerks, informing the i
House that the President of the United States has !
notified thrSennte thathedid,on thatday,approve
bills of the following titles:
An act (S. No. 43) for the relief of Solomon
Wadsworih;
At) act (S. No. 176) for the lclief of R. W.
Clarke;
An act (S. No. 285) for the relief of John Bran-
lion : and
An act (S. No. 450) to change the location of
the custom-house for the district of Brazos de
Santiago irom Point Isabel to Brownsville, in the
State of Texas.
Mr. COX. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union for the purpose of taking up the Senate
amendments to the legislative appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. A motion to adjourn is pend-
ing.
Mr. COX. I withdraw that motion for the pur-
pose of goinginto committee upon an appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. SIJERMAN. I move that all debate upon
the Senate amendments to the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial appropriation bill be terminated
in twenty minutes after they shall be taken up for
consideration by the Committee of the Whole. I
will say that the bill is in the hands of the Printer,
and it will be necessary to send for it. In the mean
time, some gentlemen, who desire to do so, can
employ the time in general debate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I press my motion to
go into committee.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Wasiibuiine, of Illinois, in the chair.)
Mr. KUN1CEL. In order to enable the House
to take the usual recess, I move that the commit-
tee do now rise.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand that there
arc a number of gentlemen who desire to make
fpeeches, and the time can be profitably devoted
to that purpose.
Mr. KUNKEL. I withdraw my motion.
Messrs LOOMIS,and M A RTIN of Virginia,
addressed the committee. [Their remarks will be
published in the Appendix.]
The CHAIRMAN. The hour of half past four
having arrived, the committee will take a recess
until seven o'clock.
EVENING SKSSION.
The committee reassembled at seven o'clock.
The CHAIRMAN. The first business before
the committee is the consideration of the Senate
amendments to the bill of the House (No. 339)
making appropnations for the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses of Government for the
year ending the 30ih of June, 18G1.
Mr. CiUARLES. Is there a quorum present?
Mr. 13ARR. I move to postpone the consider-
ation of the Senate amendments to the bill under
consideration until Monday next.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee has no
power to make such an order. This bill is made
by the House a special older m the committee.
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 move that Lhe commit-
tee take a recess of fifteen minutes.
Mr. BARR. I ask the unanimous consent of
the committee to proceed to the consideration of
some other bill for twenty minutes or so.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The gentleman from New
York knows very well that there will be objection
to that. It will be utterly impossible to do any-
thing in that way.
Mr. BAIHI. Nobody will object.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Docs not the gentleman
sec my fticud from North Carolina [Mr. Cuaige]
at his right hand? He will object.
Mr. CRA1GE, of North Carolina. Wc had
bettei do business in the regular way. [Laugh-
ter.]
The motion to take a recess was agreed to; and
the committee accordingly took a recess until
twenty-five minutes past seven o'clock.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The committee reassembled at the expiration
of the recess, and resumed the consideration of
the Senate amendments to the bill making appro-
pnations for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Uovernmentfor the year end-
ing June 30, I8GJ.
First Senate amendment:
Pa<re 3, line twelve, after the word " doliai," insert u for
chaplain,
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend concurrenoeinthcamond-
ment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Pnj?e 3, line thirteen, after the word " making,5' strike out
" §78,014," and illicit " $79,064."
The CHAIRMAN. This amendment was
made necessary by the addition of the salary of
the Chaplain; and the Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
After line fifteen, page 3, amon« the contingent expenses
of the Senate, insert "for lithographing arid engraving,
$30,000."
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Page 3, after line nineteen, strike out the two following
paragiapli3:
For one thousand five hundred and eighty-four copies of
the Congressional Globe and Appendix tor the second ses-
sion of the; Thirty-Sixth Congress, $4,702,
For binding one thousand five hundred and eighty-four
•copics of the Congressional Globe and Appendix, foi the
second session of the Thiitv-Si-Uh Congress, $1,900 SO.
And insert:
For Congressional Globe and binding the same, $32,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concuneuce.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
Page 4, after line four, insert:
For the u«ual additional compensation to the repoif^r? of
the Senate lor the Congressional Globe, for reporting tho
proceedings of the Senate, $800 each, .*>3,200.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Page 4, after line seven, insert:
For expense^ of the heating, ventilating, and lighting ap-
paiatus, 4' 12,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
Page 8, line twelve, after the word " office,'' stiike out
"$11,514," andinssCit"$9,714,aml heieatter,the Superin-
tendent of Public Pnnting shall not he allowed to employ
moie than tluee clerks in lus ollice t>o that the clause
will iead:
For compensation of the Superintendent of Public Print-
ing, and the clciks and mcssengei m Jim office,$9,"} 14 ; and
hei ealtei the Supeiintcndent of Public Pun ting shall not bo
allowed to employ moie than three clerks in hi* office.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways -
and Means recommend a concurrence in the
amendment of the Senate, with the following
amendment thereto:
And it is hcieby provided, that all extra documents or-
dered to be punted bytiiu llou^eofilepiei-entauvufdunng
the Tlinty-Nxth Congre.-,-, not aheady e\eeuted, Mriji be
printed Uy tho IJou&o Punter, and that nothing shall be al-
lowed lor composition when the same document ha* been
fir^t ordered to bo punted by the Senate.
Mr. BARKS DALE. I rise to a point, of order.
I cannot be mistaken as to the character of that
amendment. It changes the existing ]jw with
reference to the Public Printing. The chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means will not
deny that fact. Now, the point I make is, that
this amendment proposes general legislation in
an appropriation bill. and for that reason it is out
of order.
Mr. SHERMAN. The point of order cannot
be made, inasmuch as the h'il and amendments
were referred to the Committee uf Ways and
Mcons. That committee have reported hack the
bill, as they have a light to do, and recommend
this amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. ^ The Chair would state,
thatinpsmmh as the bill and amendments were
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
the Chair cannot rule the amendment out of older,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would hk*> to
know how the House hos referred those amend-
ments io the committee?
t The CHAIRMAN. They were referred by
the House.
Mr. SMITH,of V irginia. But only as a mat-
ter of eourse.
Mr. BARKSDALE Yes, air: under the rules
of the House, as a matter of\ourse. If the House
has made a decision that such an amendment can
be offered in that way, it is cleat ly wrong, and
against the practice of the House. I undertake to
say that such a thing has never been done before.
Here is a law of Congress which you propose to
change by a provision ingrafted upon an appro-
priation bill.
