1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1197
Clay, Chn§man, Davis, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Green, Gwin,
Hammond, Hunter, Jverson, Johnson of Arkansas, John-
son of Teimes&ee, Kennedy, Lane, Latiiam,Mallory, Ma-
son, Nicholson, Powell, Sebastian, Toombs, and Wiglall
—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doohttle, Douglas, Fe?sen-
den, Foot, Foster, Grimes,-Hale, Ilamlni, llarlan, King,
Itice, Sumner, Ten Eyek,'Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson,
and Wilson—24.
So the special order was postponed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Rhode Island
[Mr. Simmons] to strike out the first section of
the bill, after the enacting clause.
Mr. HALE. Let the section be read as it has
been amended.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to issue to any State or Territory of the United States,
on application of the Governor thereof, arms made at the
United States armories, and primers prepared by the United
States, to such extent as may be spared Irom the public
supplies without injury or Inconvenience to the service of
the General Government, upon payment therefor in cash at
the time of delivery, in each case, of an amount sufficient
to replace, by fabrication at the national armories, the arms
bo issued: Provided, That the sales of each year shall not
exceed the increased manufactuie which may result from
said sales; and that the whole number to be sold, if less
than the requisitions made, shall be divided between the
States applying to purchase pro rata, as arms furnished by
the United States are now distributed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on striking out the first section of the bill after
the enacting clause, which has been read by the
Secretary.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall vote against striking
out the first section of the bill. Isee no objec-
tion to that section, and am prepared to vote for
it; but I am utterly opposed to the second sec-
tion of the bill, and will take this occasion to re-
mark, that I was unavoidably absent the other
day when, 1 understand, a vote was taken on strik-
ing out that section. I shall vote against striking
this out; but when the bill comes into the Senate,
I shall move to strike out the second section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is now
in the Senate.
Me. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the motion to strike out the first section.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not purpose to detain
the Senate by speaking on the bill or the first sec-
tion, but wish simply to state, in as brief words
as I can, the reasons why I shall be constrained
to vote against it. In the first place, it lodges in
the Secretary of War a discretion over the arms
of this Government that Congress ought not to
lodge in the hands of the Secretary of War.
Mr. DAVIS. I will say to the Senator from
Wisconsin, that that has been amended. The
discretion has been controlled by an amendment
which was offered, limiting the sales to the in-
crease—the increase resulting from the sales.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The increase after this
year?
Mr. DAVIS. Say that requisitions are made
for the equivalent of twenty thousand stand of
arms. If they can increase the manufacture
twenty thousand stand of arms by selling twenty
thousand, they are permitted to do it; not other-
wise, under the bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand the effect of
the bill as it stands would be to authorize the Sec-
retary of War to sell the arms we now have on
hand. Is that the construction?
Mr. DAVIS. Of course he will sell the equiva-
lent. That is to say, if requisitions are made for
twenty thousand,and the money is deposited for
twenty thousand, he can sell twenty thousand and
make twenty thousand more. It is true that he can
increase the manufacture twenty-two thousand;
but if that should be varied so that he could not in-
crease the manufacture, then he would violate the
spirit of the law, and I think its letter, if he sold
anything more than the equivalent of the money
he received.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am unable to state the
precise number of arms which are now on hand
at the armories of the United States; perhaps
there are half amillioh. I understand the effect of
the bill to be that if any one or more States of the
Union should apply to the Secretary of War to
purchase all there are on hand, it would be within
his power to sell them under the provisions of this
bill.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator will read the
amendment, I think he will change his opinion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Let the section be read
as it has been amended.
The Secretary read it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
striking out the first section, resulted—yeas 20,
nay a 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, Dixon, Doolittle, JDurkee,Pessenden,Foot,Fos-
ter, Grimes, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Sunmer, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—20.
NAYS — Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Bright,
Brown, Clay, Clingman, Crittenden, Davis, Douglas, Pitch,
Fitzpatrick, Gwin, Hemphill. Hunter, fverson, Johnson of
Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Mason, Powell,Rice,
Sebastian, Slidell, Thomson, Toombs, and Wiglall—28.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I now move to strike out the
second section. I will not detain the Senate by
an argument on the question. Wc have had it
argued frequently in the Senate. I have always
been for the civil against the military superintend-
ence, and I am unwilling to restore the military
system. I desire a vote on that question. last
for the yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Read the sec-
ond section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
whether that motion has not been put and failed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That was in committee, not
in the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to know whether
it was in committee or in the Senate that the mo-
tion was made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The record will show.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The present
occupant of the chair was not in the chair at the
time the question was taken; but he is informed
that by the record it appears that this motion has
already been passed upon by the Senate. It is
not, therefore, in order now.
Mr. HALE. Let the second section be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sec. 2. -And be it further cnactcd, That so much of the
act appioved August .">,1854, as authorized the appointment
of a civilian as superintendent of each of the national arm-
ories be, and the same is hereby, lepealed; and that the
superintendent'-' of these armories hereafter be selected
from officers of the ordnance corps.
Mr. HALE. Is it not in order to move to
amend that section now in the Senate ? A motion
has been made to strike it all out, and that has
been voted down, I understand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that it is not in order to move to amend
that section in the Senate. It can be moved to
be recommitted to the Committee of the Whole,
and there amended.
Mr. HALE. My impression is, that the only
vote taken on it has been a motion to strike it all
out, which has been negatived.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is so.
Mr. HALE. That does not imply that we can-
not move to strike out a portion of it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to suggest to the
Chair that I understand it is competent in the
Senate to offer any amendment that could have
been made in committee; and, although a motion
to strike out the whole section has been rejected,
we can still amend it by striking out a part; other-
wise, by making a motion to strike out and re-
jecting it, you cut off all amendments. It strikes
'me that it is perfectly in order to amend the section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
entertain a motion to amend the section.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend it by striking
out the enacting clause of the section.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That does not reach the
question.
Mr. HALE. Perhaps it does not.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is apparent that this is
going to lead to a long debate, and we shall lose
another day that belongs to private business. I
move that the further consideration of the bill be
postponed, and that we proceed to the consideia-
tion of the Private Calendar.
Mr. DAVIS. I will merely say, that if it is not
in the courtesy of Senators to allow a vote to be
taken on the bill, and they propose to make a
discussion which has no legitimate end, I will
not ask the Senate longer to waste time about it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I did not prop9se to debate
it, but I thought it was Jvidently going to lead to
a debate and consume the whole day.
Mr. HALE. I do not want to get up any dis-
cussion at all; but I want a vote on this proposi-
tion, and I move to strike out all after the word
"repealed" in the fifth line of the second sec-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
before the Senate is to postpone the further con-
sideration of this bill, and take up the order of the
day, which is the Private Calendar.
Mr. DAVIS. If there is to be no debate,'!
suppose the Senator from Rhode Island does not
desire to put his motion.
Mr. ANTHONY. Not if there is to be no de-
bate. My object is to save the special order, the
Private Calendar.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not rise to discuss
the question; but I wish to suggest to the honor-
able Senator from Mississippi, that from a care-
ful reading of the first section with the proviso he
has got in, I do not see that the section and pro-
viso taken together arc very clear, to say the least,
in the construction to be given to them. I confess
that, for one, I cannot understand the precise
meaning of the first section and the proviso, and
I do not see how thoy can be practically construed
and acted upon. I suggest that the bill be post-
poned, and that the two be considered together by
the honorable Senator himself. At all events I
cannot see what is to be their practical effect. The
section itself goes on to say that the Secretary of
War may dispose of all the arms which are" not
necessary in his judgment, and then the proviso
says that the sales in no one year shall exceed the
proceeds which are received. I do notsee how it
can be operated at all. We have got to sell before
we receive any proceeds, and we must manufac-
ture before wo can understand whether the pro-
ceeds equal the manufacture of a given year, or
the manufacture equals the proceeds.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved to
postpone the further consideration of this bill,
and to take up the Private Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of those bills on the Pri-
vate Calendur which shall not be objected to or
give rise to debate. ["No! no!"] There are a
number of cases that have precedence which will
consume time. ["No! no!"] Well, I withdraw
the motion.
Mr. DAVIS. A division was asked for on the
motion to postpone before the Chair announced
the result; but I suppose it was not heard.
Mr. LANE. I asked for a division. I think
we had better get through with the bill of the
Senator from Mississippi.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair did
not hear the call for a division, and he waited to
ascertain whether a division was asked. The
Chair, however, certainly will not assume the pre-
rogative of deciding, and will put the question
again.
Mr. LANE. My opinion is that we shall gain
time by finishing this bill while we have it up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
put the question again.
Mr. IVERSON. I must interpose. I have
yielded now for more than half an hour on the
promise of the chairman of the Military Commit-
tee, who reported this bill, as well as the Senator
from Alabama, that if it occupied over twenty
minutes, they would yield, and let the bill go over.
It has occupied thirty minutes. I trust they will
not press the consideration of it any farther.
Mr. DAVIS. If the chairman of the Committee
on Claims wishes to proceed with the Private Cal-
endar, I shall not insist on the motion.
Mr. LANE. Very well. I withdraw the call
for a division on the motion.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 215) making
appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes, for
the year ending Juno 30, 1861.
The message further announced that the House
had ordered, this day, at twelve o'clock and thir-
teen minutes, the printing of a letter from the Sec-
retary of War, in answer to a resolution of the
House of Representatives, communicating a re-
port in reference to the nature of the obstructions
in Bayou Manchac, in the Mississippi river.
