1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman take
an appeal from the decision of the Ciiair?
Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 do.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 want to correct the Chair
in a matter of fact. This amendment was not
referred to the Committee of Ways and Moans
by the House. It is an amendment reported by
the Committee of "Ways and Means to the House.
I have nothing to say on the point of order. I do
not say thai: the amendment is out of order.
- The CHAJRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Virginia, as a matter of fact,
that all of these amendments were referred to the
committee.
Mr. MILLSON. This is an amendment re-
ported by the Committee of Ways and Means to
the House.
The CHAIRMAN. Yes; and the House com-
mitted it to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. MILLSON. It is reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires that
the Clerk shall read the report.
The Cleik read, as follows:
TIip Committee of Ways and Means, to whom wore re-
ferred the amendments ot the Senate oi the United States
to House bill No. 399, making appiopi union'-, ibr the ex-
penses of the executive and and judicial deprmmcuts of
the Government, have had the same under eon^ideiation,
and beg leave to lepoitas follows : [They lecommended
that the llou&e of Representatives do concur in certain
amendments, and non-concur m others.]
Mr. MILLSON. I do not know that I have
any objection to the amendment reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means; but I do not
want the rule to be established that an amend-
ment reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means may not be out of order. The Senate
amendments were referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and now that committee re-
reports back these amendments, and submits an
amendment of its own.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Virginia that this is not an
amendment which is offered by the Committee of
Ways and Means in committee; but it was re-
ported to the House by the Committee of Ways
and Means, and was referred by the House to this
committee. That is the ground on which the
Chair bases his decision.
* Mr. BARKSDALE. That amendment was
sent by the House to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
The CHAIRMAN. No, sir. The amendment
was repoited to the House by the Committee of
Ways and Means, and the House sent it, together
with several other amendments, to this commit-
tee, and the Chair thinks that the fact of its being
referred by the House to this committee is conclu-
sive upon this committee.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to know whether
the amendment has ever been reported to the
House r
The CHAIRMAN. The reading of the amend-
ment was not called for in the House; and such
a tiling has never been done here, so far as the
experience of the Chair goes.
Mr. BARKSDALE. It is very clear that this
amendment will change an existing law; and that
it cannot be entertained under the rules of the
House.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Mississippi persist in his appeal ?
Mr. BARKSDALE. I do.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 am perfectly willing, when
in order, to explain the amendment; but until the
point of order is disposed of, 1 am not at liberty
to do so.
Mr. SMITI-I, of Virginia. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is not
debatable.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I know it is not;
but my object is to suggest a different course to
the gentleman from Mississippi.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will not the Chs.ir
entertain a su^jjestion?
The CHAIRMAN. With groat pleasure; but
objection is made.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I withdraw the point of
order.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, allow me to explain
the amendment, and I think the House will have
no objection to it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I shall be very glad
to hear it explained.^
Mr. SHERMAN. I will explain it precisely
as I understand it. By an amendment to an ap-
propuation bill passed at the last session, it was
provided that where either House ordered the
printing of a document, and the other Houscafter-
wards ordered the printing of the same document,
all should be printed by the Printer of the body
which first ordered the document. Nearly all the
documents printed during the present session of
Congress were oidered first in the Senate,and,
thetefore, all extra copies of these documents
ordei ed by the House must be printed by the Print-
er of the Senate. We gave an order the other day
for three hundred thousand copies of the agricul-
tural portion of the Patent Office report, and I am
told that, on account of the huge numbei of doc-
uments oidered by the Senate,"these agiicultural
reports cannot be furnished for some time, but
that they can be furnished by the House Printer,
who has very little work to do, in a short space of
time. The Committee of Ways and Means there-
fore thought it better, as the reports cannot be
furnished m time by the Senate Punter, to give
the woik to the House Piintcr. Itcosts no more.
Mr. BARKSDALE. He is entitled only to
that portion provided for by the law.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the gentleman wait
till I get thiough with my explanation? The
Committee of Ways and Means were willing to
give this work to the House Printer provided it
costs no more; and, therefore, we have provided
in this amendment that the House Printer shall
charge no composition, but shall simply charge
the ordinary price for press-work. This will
expedite the printing of the woik, and will be of
benefit to the country.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means allow me
to inquire of him how it is that the House Printer
is to be ienumerated for the composition?
Mr. SHERMAN. He gi-ts no pav for that.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then he will not
do if.
Mr. SHERMAN. As a matter of course, if
he does not choose to do it, he does not have the j
job.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, I do not-un-
derstand it.
Mr. PENDLETON. I should like to ask the
chairman of the Committee of the Ways and
Means whether it is to be within the option of
the House Printer to print these reports or not,
if the order be made under this amendment?
Mr. SHERMAN. Undoubtedly, sir.
Mr. PENDLETON. Then, as between the
Senate Printer and the House Printer, we will
get the work done by neither. This is a similar
proposition to that made m the caily part ot the
session, and which was voted down by the House
on the express ground that if the rates of print-
ing1 which we paid were too high they should be
changed, but that there should be no requirement
that the Printer of either House should do work
for which he was not paid according to law.
Mr. SHERMAN. As a matter of course, if
the House Printer does not do the work—as I
understand, he is ready to do it—it will be done
by the Senate Piinter, and there will be no con-
troversy or tiouble about it.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
whether the prices now paid foi punting are such
as that the Printer can afford to do the woik
without receiving payment for the composition ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Not except where the or-
dor, as in {his ease, is a very huge one. The ;
composition is < oniparatively small; but the great ,
expense is in the press-work, theie being three j
hundred thousand copies ordeied. f
Mr. BARKSDALE. Then, if I understand
the gentleman, tins amendment in offered for the
benelit of the House Printer?
Mr. SHERMAN. It will operate to his ben-
efit. It is oifered to facilitate the publication of
Mr. BARKSDALE. The law his not been
changed since his election, lie knew what the
law was when he was cleetul, and now the gen- M
tleman does propose to change the law for his ;j
benefit. I have no objection, myself, to the House ji
Printer having all the punting to which heisenti- j;
tied under the law. That is nothing but fair and ii
right; but ! am opposed to changing, in mappro*
priation bill, the law, for the benefit of the House
Printer, or for the benefit of any one else.
Mr. SHERMAN. The very law of which the
gentleman speaks was made in an ap^opriation
Mr. BARKSDALE. Well, if Congress did
wrong oncc that is no reason why wc should con-
tinue to do wrong. If the last Congress violated
the rules of the House, that is no reason why we,
should do so. I think it a dangerous precedent,
and if it has b.£cn set we ought not to follow it.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
appeal from the decision of the Chair, taken by
the gentleman from Mississippi.
| Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would like
1 to ask a question.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to say, that I
am not actuated by any factious spirit, [cries of •
" No !" " . To I"] or by any hostility to the House
Printer. It is his light to have whatever print-
ing he is entitled to under the la as and I am wili-
ing to give it to him, but 1 am not willing to
change the law for his benefit.
Mr. HATTON. I should like to ask a question.
The CHAIRMAN. By unanimous consent,a
question can be asked.
Objection was made.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I withdraw my appeal
for the purpose of hearing the gentleman from
Tennessee.
Mr. HATTON. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means whether
the purpose of thisamendmentissimply to shorten
the time that we are to wait for this book?
Mr. SHERMAN. That is what 1 understand
to be the effect of the amendment. It will enable
us to getlhis book promptly—within thirty days.
Mr. BARKSDALE. But, I undustaud that
tlu- Senate Printer can execute the work much
more rapidly than the House Printer can; that it
is now already in type. I renew the appeal fioni
the decision of the Chair.
The question was taken, and the decision of the
Chair was sustained—ayes seventy-one; noes not
counted.
The question recurred on agreeing to the amend-
ment proposed by the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to strike out the last
two lines of the amendment of the Committee of
Ways and Means. The proposition before the
committee is to change ihe existing law, and, al-
though the gentleman from Ohio stated that the
present law regulating the public printing was
contained in an appropriation bill, it was intro-
duced for the purpose of preventing the payment
of double composition for the same document.
The law, as it stands, is this: when the same
document is ordered to be printed by both Houses,
the Pi inter of the House first making the order
must print the number ordered for both Houses.
Under that law, the Printers to the two Houses
have been elected.
The proposition before the Honsc is to transfer
work which, by the existing law, is to be per-
formed by the Senate Printer, to the House Printer,
and, perhaps, if the House had not oidered the
printing of three hundred thousand copies of the
agricultural portion of the Patent Office report, a
proposition would not have been introduced htjro
to change the law. The effect of this amendment
will be to transfer the printing of those three hun-
dred thousand copies from the Senate Printer to
the House Printer. I think it is wrong to do so;
and so fai as expediting the printing is concerned,
I uo not believe it will expedite it, but, wn the
contrary, that it will retard it; for, if the Senate
Punter lus pursued the course of preceding
Printeis, the document has already been stereo-
typed, and the plates are jeady to be put on the
press and the document printed immediately. I
believ : the amendment will have the effect then
of retaiding the delivery of the document, in-
stead of expediting it.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 would like to ask the gen-
tleman whether it was possible for the Senate
Printer to have this document pruned until the
House deteimmed what number ot copies they
would have punted?
Mr.PHELPS. Itwasnot. TheSenatePiintcr,
howevei, pioceeded and executed the ordt r made
by the Senate; and the Patent Ofliee agiicultural
