1860. •
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£141:
Mr. GARNETT. I insist that the Chair shall
decide the question of order submitted by the gen-
tleman from Iowa.
Mr. FLORENCE. The point of order comcs
too late. The amendment has been received, and
a five minutes' speech has been made upon it.
Mr. GARNETT. The gentleman from Iowa
made his point of order as soon as the amend-
ment was offeied.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Iowa
withdrew his question of order, and the Chair
thinks it is now too late to raise it.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the permission of the
committee, I will state what I know in reference
to the subject of this amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Ohio that he must speak in
opposition to the amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. I had the floor when the amend-
ment was raised.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman desire
to speak in opposition to the amendment?
Mr. PHELPS. No, sir, I do not; for I believe
that it is right. I believe the money is justly
due, and ought to be paid. [Cries of " Ques-
tion !"]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the bill be now
laid aside, to be reported to the House with the
recommendation that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the Sen-
, ate amendments to the bill of the House No. 499,
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service for the fiscal year ending the 30th of
June, 1860, be taken up for consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
First amendment:
At the end of line seven, page ]5 inceit as follows:
For compensation of the ollieui*, ckiks, me^onger*,
and others receiving an annual salary in the service oi the
Senate, namely, foi the Chaplain of the Senate, $750.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommended a concurrence in that
amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Insert after line seven, pagf 1, as follows:
lor contingent expenses of the Senate, miscellaneous
items, namely: For expenses of select committees,:$y,t)U0.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend that the Hovise of Repre-
sentatives agree to the second amendment of the
Senate, with an amendment, as follows:
Alter the word "Senate." in the second line of said
amendment, insert the \vord-> and Ilou-o of Representative;
and aitct tlie woid" dollars," in the filth line, ltiscit the fol-
lowing wonts:
And foi ihepawnontof expenses of the seveia! investma-
tina committee^ of the House, oi Hepiesentatives, §48,001);
and also for the payment of the expenses ot witnesses sum-
moned, oi to he summoned, heloie the Committee on the
judicial v, ot the IIou?e of Representatives during the pres-
ent session .<$12,U00; and that the said sums shall be added
to the miscellaneous item of the contingent fund of the
House.
Theamendment to the amendment wasagreed to
The amendment of the Senate, as amended, was
then concurred in.
Third amendment:
Insert after line seven, page 1, a= follow?:
Forexpenscs of the heatm?and venulatinsfapparatus,in-
cluding pay of engineers, inemen, lahoiers, fuel, oil, tools,
and so forth, $v$,4U0.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in that
amendment, with an amendment, striking out the
words "and so forth."
The amendment to the amendmentwas agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate, as amended, was
tlicn concured in.
Fourth amendment:
Add at the end of line seven, pase 1, as follow? :
To enable the ^eeietaryot the Senate to comply with
the Senate's i evolution of the 20fh of Maich, 1860, in rela-
tion to mileage to he paid to Mrs. E. A. Linn, widow of the
late Senatoi Lewis F. Linn, <<$2,672.
Mr. SHERMAN. The committee recommend
a non-concurrence in that amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. SHERMAN. The fifth, sixth, and sev-
enth are for the same thing, and I ask that they
be voted on as one amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection
that course will be adopted.
There was no objection.
Fifth, sixth, and seventh amendments:
inseit the words " and Senate " in two places, and strike
out "$4,000," and in Jieu thereof insert "$7,200," so that
the paiagragh will tead:
Foi the usual additional compensation to the reporters of
the House qnd Senate for the Congressional Globe, tor re-
porting the "ptoceedings of the House and Senate for the
tirst session of the Thirty-Sixth Congress, $800 each, $7,200.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in that
amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Strike out eighth amendment:
" To pay George D. Durham for twenty-two months' ser-
vice as clerk m the oilice of the Commissions of Indian
Affairs, the sum of $2,566 52."
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Chairman, since the
Senate struck out that paragraph of the bill, I
have received letters from the Secretary of the
Interior and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
As near as I can make out what they mean, this
nmii, I believe, is entitled to this amount. The
letter from the Indian bureau is rather indefinite.
It seems that by some means Mr. Durham was
quartered ill the Indian bureau, and that he worked
there for twenty-two months, and that for that
service he has never received any pay. He was
employed without authority of law.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is not that
paragraph in the nature of a private claim?
Mr. SHERMAN. The claim was put in the
House bill, but it was struck out by the Senate.
Mr. BRANCH. I understand the gentleman
from Ohio to say that this man was employed
without authority of law. He may be entitled to
this compensation; but 1 think that the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois, that this is a
private claim, is a goad one, and ought to prevent
it being put upon this general appropriation bill.
These general appropriation bills are for the pur-
pose of carrying out existing law, and notlor the
purpose of enacting new ones.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. This has al-
ready passed the House.
Mr. FLORENCE. I happened to be in the
Indian bureau the other day, and, on inquiring
about this case, the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs told me that this money was justly due to
this man.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
To supply deficiencies in the appropriations for payment
of the la!': Indian agents m Utah, (Hurt, Aimstiont', Kose,
and Bedell,) upon settlement 01' their accounts, ;$53,<Jt)7 3o
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence 111 that
amendment.
The- amendment was concurred in.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the amend-
ments of the Senate be laid aside to be reported
to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC T3TLL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the House
proceed to the consideration of the amendments
of the Senate to House bill No. 4; making appro-
priations for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1861.
The motion was agreed to.
First and second amendments of the Senate:
Strike out the wonlss " secretary of legation to China,
actum a?,'1 -and mse.lt the woids to the legation to China
so lliat the clause wi!i lead :
For salary of the mterpieter to the legation to China,
$5,01)0.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in that
amendment. The Senate amendment,as the chair-
man of that committee will state to the House, is
according to the consular and diplomatic bill
which is 111 force touchk.g the amount to be paid
to the interpreter and secretary of legation. I ask
him to state whether or not. according to his rec-
ollection of the law, the interpreter is not entitled
to §5,000, and the secretary of legation to §3,000?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not the law before
me; but I will state it as near as I call. It pro-
vides that, when the secretary of legation acts as
interpreter, he shall have §5,000, and that when
he acts simply as secretary of legation, he shall
have $2,000. We have included an appropria-
tion for the secretary of legation to China of
$2,000, and the Senate have added to the amount
providing for a salary to the interpreter of $5,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means looked upon
this as making another officer in oar Chinese le-
gation, and we thought we had enough. Thatis
the whole case.
Mr. CRAWFORD. It is utterly impossible
to get the attention of members at five o'clock.
[Cries of "Let us rise!"]
Mr. SHERMAN. We have done pretty well
for the last half hour; and I am willing that the
committee shall rise.
Mr. BURNETT. I make the motion that the
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee rose; and Mr. WAsHBtJRSE, of
Illinois, having taken the chair, as Speaker pro
tempore, Mr. Dawes reported that the Committee
of tne Whole on the state of the Union had, ac-
cording to order, had the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly House bill No.
503, making further appropriations for the service
of the Post Office Department during the fiscal
year ending the 30th of Juno, I860, and had di-
rected him to report the same back to the House,
with sundry amendments; also, that it liad under
consideration amendmentsof the Senate to House
bill No. 409, to supply deficiencies ill the appro-
priations for the service of the fiscal year ending
the 30th of June, 1860, and had directed him to
report the same back, with concurrence in some
and non-concurrence in others; and also that it
had under consideration the amendments of the
Senate to House lull No. 4, making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic expenses of
the Government for the year ending the30th of
June, 1861, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. SHERMAN. The first bill for consider-
ation in the House is the Post Office deficicncy
bill. I11 reference to that bill, it was agreed to give
gentlemen an opportunity to offer an amendment.
Mr. BURNETT. I understand that the first
section of the bill has been perfected by its friends,
and no further amendment is proposed by them.
I now move to strike out all of the section, from
the word " provided" to its close.
Mr. COLFAX. That motion should come in
after the question has been put upon concurring
in the amendmentsof the Committee of the Whole
011 the state of the Union, and the section thereby
perfected.
Mr. BURNETT. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move the previous
question upon the amendments and the passage
of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that that bill
be laid aside.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 now call the previous
question upon the Senate amendments to the de-
ficiency bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. BURNETT. Before we adjourn, I desire
to demand the yeas and nays upon the passage
of the Post Office bill.
The motion was entered.
Mr. BURCH. I move that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet at one o'clock to-
morrow.
Objection being made, the motion was not
entertained.  
And then, 011 motion of Mr. BURNETT, (at
five o'clock, p. ill.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 17, I860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr Guhley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senate is not remarkably
full this morning, [laughter,] there being only
five Senators present, and 1 suppose it would not
take a very long time to get through with the or-
dinary business of the morning—leceiving peti-
i tions and memorials, and the reports of coniniit-
j tees—after which, if I am rightin my recollection,
J the subject of Anson Dart would come up as the
: unfinished business of the morning hour. I sup-
1 pose the Senator from Oregon is hardly desirous
