2142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
of hurling his darts at the Senate in its present
condition. 1 presume he would prefer to have a
few more m'embers present. It might be a little
more effective to address the Senate when full,
than in its present condition. For these grave
reasons, I move that the Senate take a recess for
an hour.
Mr. LANE. I am willing to agree to that.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Say two hours.
Mr. HAMLIN. Wc can take a recess for
another hour, if members do not return by the
time fixed.
Mr. SLIDELL. Say until half past one
o'clock.
Mr, HAMLIN. If they should return at one,
we can go on; if not, we can take another recess.
I promise to stay here and make the motion.
Mr. SLIDELL. Very well.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate took
a recess for one hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT again called the Sen-
ate to order at ten minutes past one o'clock.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a report of the Secretary of the Interior, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 7th ultimo, the correspondence be-
tween the Indian Office and the present superin-
tendents and agents in California, and J. Ross
Browne, together with a report of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, inclosing the same to that
Department; which was ordered to he on the table.
PETITION.
Mr. GRIMES presented the petition of J. H.
McClelland and others,citizens of Iowa, interested
in the Dos Moines river land grunt, praying the
confirmation of their titles to lands purchased in
that grant; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lauds.
ANSON DART.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If (here bo. no more
petitions or reports, the Chair will call up the un-
finished business of yesterday morning, being the
bill (II. R. No. 2'JO) for the relief of Anson Dart.
Mr. LANE. 1 hope the Senator from Wis-
consin [Mr. Doouttle] will agree that this hill
shall go over till to-morrow morning, I shall
have no objection to taking it up early m the
morning hourand disposing of it, without having
much further to say, so far as 1 am concerned;
but I want a full Senate, and I hope the St nator
will let it f>o ov<-r. I make that motion.
Mr. DOOUTTLE. ) have no objection to its
going over to to-morrow morning, with an under-
standing that it shall then be taken up and dis-
posed of. I want a vote on this question.
Mr. LANE. So do I.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, Let us make it the spe-
cial order for half past twelve o'clock to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion to postpone the bill until to-mor-
row, and make it the special order for half past
twelve o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
PRESIDENTIAL PATRONAGE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The business fust
in order is the resolution of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Wilson*,] for a select committee,
to inquire mlo the ext'-nt of the patronage of the
Piesidcnt of tiie United States, resulting from his
power of removal and appointment, ami whether
that power lias been exerted (o influence the legis-
lation ofCon^res4?, or control elections in the States
and Territories, &e.
Mr. CLARK. I move that it be passed over
for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That course will
be taken, if there be no objection.
JOHN B. MONTGOMERY.
Mr. CHANDLER. If there be no business
before the Senate, I move to take up Senate bill
No. 406, for the relief of Captain John B. Mont-
gomery, of theUnited States Navy. It is a very
small matter, and will not lead to'debate.
Mr. SLIDELL. I object to the consideration
of any business while there is not a quorum of
the Senate present.
Mr. CHANDLER. This is a very small mat-
ter. There is not $100 involved in the bill.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 object. I do not think it
proper to legislate in the absence of a quorum.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Louisiana raises a question as to the presence of
a quorum.
Mr. SLIDELL. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is not a
quorum present.
RELIGIOUS FREEDOM.
Mr. ANTHONY. If there is no business be-
fore the Senate, I should like to make an expla-
nation, not exactly personal, but with reference
to my State.
I desire,Mr. President, before the debate on the
resolutions of the Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
Davis] closes, to call attention to a historical in-
advertence in the speech of the honorable Senator
who opened it, and who is so generally correct in
his statements of fact, and so uniformly courteous
in his allusions to the sovereign States of the
Union. As -this inadvertence was a mere obiter
dictum, and not essential to the argument, I was
reluctant to interrupt the debate while so many
were claiming the floor for the discussion of the
principles involved in the resolutions themselves.
Speaking of the colonial period, the honorable
Senator from Mississippi said:
"They did not come here with the enlarged idea of no
established religion. The Puritans drove out thoQuakeis;
the Church of England men diove oat the Catholics. Per-
secution reigned through the colonies, except, perhaps, (and
it h a proud example, too,) that of the (,'athohc colony oi
Maiylaud ; but the rule was persecution."
When the Senator from Mississippi spoke of
the "single exception," I natuially supposed that
he would name the colony from which sprung the
State that I have the honor in part to represent,
and which, at the time referred to, was the only
spot on the face of the whole civilized world
where a man might avow his belief in any religion,
or in no religion, and su(fei%no punishment, incur
no disability, be called to no question therefor. It
is just, I think, thai, upon every proper occasion,
this great fact, which is the glory of my State,
should be vindicated. I have no disposition to
detract from the historical reputation of Maryland,
or to deny the merits of the liberal statesman who
founded the colony which he did not live to gov-
ern, and which his successors, not always imitat-
ing his virtues, bul preserving his toleration, so
Ions: ruled as proprietors. 1 am not of those who
think it neces.sai y, m asserting the just claims of
one State, to deny those of another, either m its
history, nor in its actual condition. Asa citi/.en
of one State of this Union, 1 claim a share in the
glory of every othei; and I rejoice in the prospci-
ity of every other.
Religious freedom, or "soul liberty," was dis-
covered by Roger Williams, justas much as Ilar-
\ey discovered the circulation of the blood, or
Kepler discovered the orbits of the planets. The
nearest approach that the most enlightened State
had made to it was toleration. Roger Williams,
alone and first, grasped the whole idea. He repu-
diated toleration; because the right to tolerate im-
plied the right to proscribe; and this he utterly
denied. He would not accept, as a favor from man,
what had been given to him as a right by God.
He held, that as when God made the eye, he con-
ferred the right to look; that, as when he made the
enr, be conferred the right to hear; so, when he
made the conscience, lie conferred the right to wor-
ship Him according to its dictates; and this great
idea he carried out. fearlessly and unflinchingly,
to all us legitimate and ultimate consequences.
So fully did he do this, that the progress of civil-
ization'and enlightenment has found nothing to
impioveupon it. The boldness of this canhaidly
be appreciated in our clay, when the whole world
is familiar with the great principle which he first
embodied in practice,luitwhieh was then so novel
and startling, that nothing but thesmallness of the
field on which it was attempted protected it from
the aim med and indignant conservatism of the day.
J nthe instructions given by the colonists to their
faithful agent, John Clarke, who represented them
in England, they said:
'• Pieaa dm cause in suchsoit that wc. may not lie com-
pelled to exeroi-e any civil power over men's conscience*.
We do judge it no less than a point of absolute cruelty."
In their petition to Charles II., they declare
their desire
" To hold forth a lively experiment that a most flourish-
ing civil State may stand and best be maintained witii a
free liberty of religious concernment."
This request was granted, in the most ample
manner, in the charter of 1663, which continued
the fundamental law of the State, till superseded
by the present constitution, in 1842, more than
twogenerationsafterthe Declaration of Independ-
ence; at which time it was the oldest written con-
stitution of government on the face of the earth,
and, some of us old fogies thought, the best.
It was provided
" That no person within the said colony, at any time here-
after, shall be anywise molested, punished, disquieted, or
called m question, for any difteience of opinion m matters
of lehgionu but that all and every person and persons
may, from time to time hereafter, freely have and enjoy his
and their own judgments and consciences in matters of re-
ligious concernment, throughout the tract of land heiuafter
mentioned; they behaving themselves peaceably and qui-
etly, and not using tins liberty to licentiousness and pro-
faneness, nor to the civil injury or outward disturbance of
otheis; any law,statute, or clause therein contained, or to
be contained, usage or custom of this realm, to the contrary
hereof in any wise notwithstanding."
There couldnotbeamore ample and perfect pro-
vision for religious freedom. The monarch could
not have granted to his English subjects the same
privileges and exemptions that he conceded to the
people of a remote colony, who were about to try
an experiment that was then deemed impractica-
ble and almost wicked.
Of this charter, Bancroft says, volume 2, page
64:
"This charter of government, constituting, as It then
seemed, a pine denioeiaey, and establishing a political
system winch lew beside the Rhode Islanders themselves
believed to be piacticable, i-* still in existence, and is the
oldc-tconstitutional chaiter now valid m the woild. [This
was wnttcu befoie 1842.] It has outlived the principles
of Claiencion and the policy of Chailes II. The probable
population of Rhode Island at the tune of its reception may
have been twenty-five hundred. In one bundled and sev-
enty yeais that number has increased foity fold; and the
government that was hardly thought to contain checks
enough on the power of the people to endure even among
fehcpheidsand farmers, protects a dense population and the
accumulations of a widely-extended commerce. Nowhere
in the world have life, liberty, and pioperty been safer than
in Rhode Island."
In conformity with the provision which had
been embodied in the charter, at their own request,
the first General Assembly convened under it
cnactcd that
" No person shall at any time hcieaftcr be anyways
called in question lor any dittercnce of opinion in matters
ol religion."
And in ]668 it again enacted that
l" Libcity t<> all poisons a* to the worship of God has been
a principle im,untamed m the colony from the very begin-
ning thereof, and it was much in their hearts to preserve
the same hbeity loievei."
And they did preserve it forever. "What poetry
has written of the Puritans, history has written of
the scttlcrsof Rhode Islandand Providence Plant-
ations:
" They left unstained what there they found—
Fiecdom to worship God."
While other States, here and in Europe, have
from time to time, in honorable recognition of the
advancing civilization of the age, reformed and
liberalized their institutions, Rhode Island hasnot
found it necessary to amend her statutes of religious
freedom. She would not take anything from them;
she could not add anything to them.
Only a few weeks ago the grave of Roger Wil-
liams was opened. He was buried on the hill-side,
at a spot overlooking the river and the little settle-
ment that he had founded, and which, in gratitude
to the Giver of all good, whose merciful care he
recognized in his preservation through many trials
and persecutions, he had named Providence. A
few nails, a rusted hinge, some locks of hair, weie
all that they found. Pious and reverent hands
gathered up these relics, to deposit them m a place
where the gratitude of the State will soon erect a
column to the memory of its founder.
But while his body has passed away and min-
gled with the elements, the great piineipie which
he established, endued with immortal vigor, has
spread over the world and has been adopted into
I the fundamental lawofthemost enlightened com-
munities, everywhere ameliorating the condition
of man and elevating his spiritual nature, till
there can hardly be a better test of the enlight-
ened character of the institutions of a State than
their approximation to the doctrines of Roger
Williams.
Mr. DAVIS. I was not in when the Senator
from Rhode Island commenced his remarks, and
I merely wish to say that there is nothing he can
say in laudation of that great and good man,
