178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
Mr. PIJGH. Will the Senator tell me the
difference between "establish" and "maintain?"
Mr. GWIN. There is a groat difference be-
tween establishing slavery and maintaining it af-
terwards.
Mr. PUGH. I do not see that it makes any
difference. With all my knowledge of the Eng-
lish. language, I cannot see any. It is mere rep-
etition. I will tell the Senator that there is an
omission. He has omitted part of the Dred Scott
case; that is the difficulty, in the Ohio resolution
they put the whole theory of territorial govern-
ments exactly where the Chief Justice of the Su-
Srcme Court of the United States placed it in the
'red Scott case, that the Territories were only
held in a colonial condition until they had acquired
a sufficient population to becomc a State. The
Senator left that out of the California platform,
and I shall have occasion, I think, to show him
several other particulars m which he has departed
from the doctrine of the Dred Scott case. It was
put into the Ohio platform, furthermore, because
at a previous convention, and by a unanimous
vote, they had ratified what was known as the
conference bill, in respect to Kansas, and they
meant to reaffirm it as a general principle that new
Territories aught not to be thrust forward for ad-
mission as States until they had a sufficient pop-
ulation. That,thoCalifornia Democracy seem to
have loft out, whether bccausc they had some
trouble on the subject of the conference bill be-
tween themselves, or not, I am unable to way.
But, sir, whilst I am m the way of cuing; my
authorities, I will state to the .Senate what i un-
derstood the Kansas-Nebraska bill to he, what S
understood it to be at that (iuie, and what I be-
lieve almost every Democrat, or nearly everyone
in the northern States understood it to be, and
what it was certainly represented to be day after
day and month after month for the four years, or
almost the entire four years, since I have been a
member of the Senate, until within about twelve
months; and I adopt for that purpose the language
of the President who signed the bill, giving his
own interpretation to it—i menu Franklin Pierce,
tn Ins message to the Senate, of January ;M, 18ol>,
ho uses this language:
"The act to organize the Toni lories of Xcbia-U;i and
Kansas was a mamtosLUiou of the legislative opinion of
Con^rc-Nou two gi rat poitiN of cos,,? national coiwmu lion :
one that the designation ot the houmlai ies of a neu Tri 11
tory, ami provision lor its political organization and ad-
ministration as a Ten uor\, mo meusuic s which, of n ht,
1'dU within the powers of tin; General Government, and th"
other, tlmt the inhabitants, of any such Tei,itoiy, eon' nl- ■
ered as an intimate Stale, arc entitled, in the e.veif i-r of
-elf-govcrumcnt, to deteimino foi themselves what *haU he
their own domestic, institutions,subjcctouh to lite Con.-ti-
tutionand the laws duly enacted bj ("ongic.-s undi-i it,and
to the power of the < xi-tinc; Hiate-i to decide, aecoulmu; to
the provisions and principles of the Con-.titulion, at what
time the Teiutotv i-hall be iccrivcd ,i< a Stale into the
Onion. Such «u<; the c;u\it political lights w inch aief^ol-
emr.h dcel.nod and atl'iimed hj thut.ict ""
Hut, sir, unfortunately even tins wider inter- J
pretation,tlus interpretation which Oahfoi ma Iht- j
self gave, in 3854, to the Konsas-Nt bra*ka bill, !
namely, a declaration that the people of* a Terri-
tory, through their Territorial Legislature, mi&ht,
of very right, even without any authority from
Congress, and as against all authority from Con-
gress. exclude or admit the relationship of mus-
ter and slave at their pleasure, is older than its an-
nounce ment in any noifhern State of this Union.
It was a favorite doctrine with many southern
States fifteen years ago; and ot order to piove it,
I shall eif'1 the resolutions of "n< more southern
Legislature, Here arc ecrmm resolutions adopted
by the Legislature of Florida, passed by the S'. n-
ate December '27, 1^47, pas^« d by che Hou-.e of
Representatives December 1:9, 1847, approved by
the Governor December 30,! fc 47. IVEi. Sec - tary,
read me the second and third resolutions; and 1
hope gentlemen will listen to what Florida says.
The Secretary read, as follows:
cl c. "2. 2>y it further resolved, That in the opinion of
this <*ci;eial A^cmbly, aptst and correct intejpreamon of
the Constitution of the United States, ve^ts m the Tcrri-
toiiul as well as the State Legislatures, exclusive jurisdic-
tion over the pwsoiivs of individuals within then respective
limits, and lli.u it would he aibitiaiy, unjust, and a usurp-
ation ot power on the pan ot Congress to annex conditions
to the admission of a State into the Union, or the annexing
a Terntoiv thereto, involving the light ot jurisdiction m
Congress over this subjcct, which exclusively belongs to
the Territory itself before its admission into the Union,
and to the State afterwards.
uSec. 3. Beit further resolved. That it would be an at*-
bitrary usurpation of powtr on th<5 pait of <.'on§rc"i<s to ex-
clude slavery from any such territory as may hereafter be
acquired by the United States, either by way of indemnity,
by conquest, or by purchase; that the people alone have the
right to determine upon this subject, and it is for thein,
while they remain a Territory, and"for the State, when they
shall ask to be admitted as a State, to say whether the in-
stitution ot slaveiy shall exist within the limits of such
Territory or State; they having, by a just interpretation of
the Constitution, exclusive juiisdiction over the eubjeet-
matter within their limits."
Mr. PUGH. I know, sir, that it is rather
tedious to be compelled to detain the Senate with
reading so many of these various resolutions and
quotations; and, as to most of them, I have now
discharged that duty. My object was to show
that an attempt is now made, contrary to the
opinions formerly entertained by the Legislatures
of the southern States, to break through the prin-
ciples of the compromise of 1850; to break through
the covenant of the Kansas-Nebraska bill; to in-
terpolate into the Cincinnati platform what was
expressly rejected in the committee which formed
it; and on that test to preach sermons as to the
soundness and unsoundness of gentlemen here
and elsewhere.
Now, Mr. President, perhaps I ought to take
notice of one more statement of the Senator from
California, In the same speech, delivered at Grass
Valley, to which I have already alluded, he uses :
this soit of language; !
'• Neai the clos-u ©f the last sesnon of Congress a debate j
vva^ spumf* upon the s^enaie upon the question of territorial j
boveicignty. We had ions ov'pected such a discussion, !
because it was tne duty ot Mi. Dopglak to give his icasons ;
to the Senate and to the countiy tor the lino ot policy he 1
had consideied it his dutv to adopt in the senatorial ean-
vaw m iliaioe. Tin* doctrines he had avowed m his
Fi 'epou - pcceli had boon coedeirnied m the Senate by hi^ ,
ilMiimviI from the ehnnin.m-htpoi the Tcaitoiial Commit- 1
tee ot that body, and it was expected that he would defend 1
the position he had taken, &nd give ample time to those !
who dilferccl fiom him to £iv*c the ica:,oiis that had mliu- :
eneed them in lotnovinj* huh fiom tiiat nnpoitant position, !
at the head of tlie Tenitorial Committee, he had tilled for j
so many \edit  in the Senate." j
Well, sir. 1 cannot butadmirethe justice of the i
Senator irom California in that extract. The
Senator tells us m the first plaec tiiat this uotou- j
ous heretic from Illinois was cited, as wo some- 1
times cue the d< fendent in ejectment ui cases of
! vacant possession, by nailing up a notice on a
j fence corner or somewhere else, and without per-
: sonal notice, the majority of the Senate proceeded ;
through the forms of trial and condemned him and
executed him; yet, according to the Senator from I
California, after he had been tried and convicted j
and executed, it was lus duty to come m at some '
futuie time, and defend himself: \
'* Wo of! It.no hcaul o; l.udoul i'tw, j
Whole m the mom they hang and dtaw, |
But sit m judgment altei." j
Sir, it is not for me to defend the Senator from
Illinois'. You all know that ho is abundantly able 1
to defend himself. ] do not stand here to advo-
cate the claim of any individual; but I have this r
to say: if he was expelled from his place at the i.
head of (hat committee for entertaining these sen- '
t mien ts, take in y word for if, Senators, you thereby
expel ninety-nine hundredths of the Democracy
in every non-slaveholdmg State. It is no longer
a question of individuals. Instead of assaulting
a man, and assaulting him in his absence, as it
appears, it would be more manly to do as the
Senator fiom Georgia did, arraign the entire party
in the northern States; it was far more creditable.
I was not here when that famous trial and judg-
ment and execution were earned on, but I never
did undeiHtand until I read that speech what it
was all done for. If it had been thought advisa-
ble to rento\ e J udsre Douglas from the head of the
Temtorial Committee at the time of theLecomp-
t,m (ontroversy, I could have understood it, al-
though [never did b< heve that the Leconipton
contioversy wivi a question that ought to have
divided two Democrats, or two gentlemen in pri-
vate hfe. 1 nfver could see that there was enough
life m the qu^sfien to last twelve months. It was
a mere ease of tin- application of acknowledged
principles to particular circumstances, and while
I could undeistand that two men might acrree m
all their general principles, yet God had so lonned
us that wc could not exput to take the same
view of aparticulai circumstance or fact; there-
fore I never would have been in favor of removing
any Senator, or anybody else, from any otfiee or
any place because he differed from me oil that
question. But Mr, Douglas was not removed
for that. After he had made his speech in the
Senate denouncing the Lecompton constitution
and taking issue with almost the entire body of
the Democratic Senators, North and South, after
he had taken issue with the Administration, the
Senate proceeded to put him again at the head of
the Committee on Territories, and he sat there
until the Lecompton controversy was finished and
dead and buried; but now the avowal is that he
was not removed for that cause, but was removed
because he had the misfortune to entertain opin-
ions which are entertained by almost the entire
body of the Democratic parly m the northern
States.
I said I had a question to put. I shall put it,
and I shall leave the Senators from the northern
States to answer it or not. I appeal to you, my
brethren from the northern States, do you recog-
nize this as the test of Democratic fellowship ? If,
as the Senator from California has proclaimed,
you were parties to this act of decapitation, do
you mean to have it known that whoever, in your
States, entertains these opinions, is unfit to be a
member of the Democratic party, or to receive its
suffrages? I say, Senators, you may answer it
or not.
Mr. RICE. I will merely say that I was not
a party to the transaction. I opposed it.
Mr. PUGH. I am very glad to hear it. Now,
sir, and in that connection, a very startling fact is
worthy of observation. You say that you have
a usage in the Senate on the subject of commit-
tees; that your usage is, first, never to displace a
Senator from a committee without his own con-
sent; and, second, never to promote any one cist
over him. I have not made any statement in ref-
erence to your usage, except to yourselves pri-
vately, for now four years. I knew that if I said
it, the declaration would be made that the Sena-
tor from Ohio wanted to be chairman of a com-
mittee. But, sir, I am going out of the Senate;
and, in the little tune that remains to me, it would
not he of the slightest consequence to me; and,
therefore, at least now, I can say that your usage
is intolerably bad. It is a usage winch has oper-
ated to give to the Senators from the slaveholdmg
States the cluih man of every single committee that,
controls the public business of this Government.
There is not one exception. When you enme to
the only case, that of the Senator from Illinois,
the only Senator from a non-slaveholding State,
holding the chair of a committee touching the
public business of the Government, you tried him,
as you say, and condemned him and executed
him,m his absence,and then citod him to appear
and defend himself afterwards. That is what the
Senator from California say.5?.
Now, Air. President,, m my humble opinion,
the rimplost way out of all this controversy is to
do justice. The simplest way is to put down all
attempts, from one section of the Union or the
other, to disturb the platform of the Democratic
party, and that covenant contained m the ICansas-
Nebiaska bill, of which I may literally say the
northern Democracy have sealed it with their very
blood. My opinion has always been upon this
subject of the interference of Congress with sla-
very, that it was from the beginning a question
that never ouaht to have been brought here in any
shape I believe that the founders of the Consti-
tution acted upon that jdea. All the territories*
of the United States which had been ceded by the
respective States at the time of the formation of
the Constitution, had been provided for under an
arrangement the first branch of which was the
ordinance of 1787, and the second branch of which
was to have been an act of cession, by North Car-
olina and Georgia and South Carolina, of the ter-
ritory west of them. I believe that it was the
intention of the Continental Congress to divide
the public domain equally between the slavehold-
mg and non-slaveholdmg States, for it was per-
ceived that all the States north of Mason and
Dixon's line would ultimately emancipate their
slaves. This was done before the Constitution;
it was a subjeet disposed of; and consequently
when they came to form the Constitution, they
said nothing about it; they never mentioned a
territorial government. They have not, in ex-
press terms, authorized Congress to create any
territorial government; and the Supreme Court, in
the Dred Scott case, hap said that the whole power
of Congress in the establishment of a territorial
government is incidental to its power to admit a
new State. As to the clause on which I have
