1198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the bill (H. R.
No. 215) making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes, for the year ending June 30,
1861, was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Finance.
JEREMIAH PENDERGAST.
The Senate, as in Committee qf the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 52) for the
relief of Jeremiah Pendergast. It proposes to re-
quire the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
Jeremiah Pendergast $139 91, being the difference
of pay allowed him as a watchman on the con-
struction of the Patent Office extension, and that
allowed to other watchmen.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
INDIAN SCHOOLS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next bill
on the Private Calendar is the bill (S. No. 96) for
the relief of Abner Merrill, of the State of Maine.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. There is a bill on the
Public Calendar, which should be properly on the
Private Calendar, that has been passed over. If
it had been properly classed on the Private Cal-
endar, it would have been very early m the order
of business, and would have been passed long
since. It is a matter of "right and justice to that
bill to take it up now. I ask the Chair, therefore,
to call up, as next in order, Senate bill No. 71,
standing in the order of business No. 23 on the
Public Calendar, for the relief of the American
Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions.
It contains no appropriation of money, and will
lead to no discussion.
Mr. HAMLIN. Instead of that, I would move
that it take its place on the Private Calendar. If
it belongs at this point, call it up here; but if it
belongs further on, let it take its place.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. By putting it on the Pri-
vate Calendar now, it will not occupy the place it
would have occupied if it had been placed there
two weeks ago, when we passed so many private
bills.
Mr. HAMLIN. Very well; let it be placed
on the Private Calendar in the position where it
would be if it had been put there when it was first
reported.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. That will- attain my ob-
ject as well; for then it will be first on the Private
Calendar.
Mr. HAMLIN. Very well.
The bill (S. No. 71) for the relief of the Amer-
ican Board of Commissioners for Foreign Mis-
sions was read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to ic-
lease the American Boaid of Commissioners for
Foreign Missions from the obligation imposed on
it by the fourth article of the treaty made between
the United States and the Cherokee Indians, at
New Echota, on the 29th of December, 1835,
which provides that the money allowed for the
appraised value of the Union and Harmony mis-
sion reservations should be expended in schools
among theOsages and improving their condition,
upon condition that the board shall expend the
money for the same purposes, among other tribes
not provided with schools, which may seem
proper in the judgment of the board.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I move some two or three
formal amendments, in conformity with the sug-
gestions of the agent of that board, which carry
out precisely the objects of the bill. I move to
insert, m hne thirteen, before the word "pro-
vided," the word "adequately,'' so as to read
"not adequately provided with schools;" and m
line fourteen, after the word " schools," to insert
the words "or means of improving their condi-
tion." I move further, to add at the end of the
bill, the words "with the approval of the Secre-
tary of the Interior."
The amendments wore agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in; and the
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing. It was read the third time, and passed.
ABNER MERRILL.
The bill (S. No. 9G) for the relief of Abner Mer-
rill, of the State of Maine, was read asecond time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides for placing the name of Abner Merrill
on the pension roll at the rate of eight dollar^ per
month, in lieu of the pension of four dollars which
he now receives; the increase to commence on the
1st of December, 1857, and continue during his
natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
LAND IN SAN FRANCISCO.
The bill (S. No. 97) to authorize the institu-
tion of a suit against the United States to test the
titles to lots numbered live and six, in the hospital
square, in San Francisco, was read the second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. Under its provisions, J. G. Ames, S.
W. Holladay, and James Blair, and their heirs,
assigns, and legal representatives, will be author-
ized to institute a suit against the United States,
in the circuit court of the United States for the
State of California, within two years from its
passage, for the purpose of recovering from the
United States two lots of ground, Nos. 5 and 6,
in the square in the city of San Francisco on
which a hospital has been erected by the United
States; whicfh lots arc claimed to have been ac-
quired by Ames, Holladay, and Blair, by deeds
executed in their favor by the sheriff of the county
of San Francisco on the 23d day of October, 1851.
The suit is to be commenced by citation served
on the district attoVney of the United States for
the northern district of California, whose duty it
is to be, under the direction and advice of the At-
torney General, to defend the suit, and to take
all necessary measuies at law or in equity for the
protection and defense of the title of the United
States. Either party may appeal or prosecute a
wnt of error to the Supreme Court of the United
States from any final decision rendered by the
circuit court. In the event of a final judgment
against the United States, the proper officers who
may be in charge and possession of the lots in
behalf of the Government, are to deliver them up
to the claimants.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
| time, and passed.
! MILES DEVINE.
j The bill (S. No. 99) for the relief of Miles De-
! vine was read a second time, and considered as in
I Committee of the Whole. It provides for the pay -
! vnent to Miles Dcvine, of the State of Maine, of
I the sum of $500, for injuries received while in the
| employment of the United States, and for mcdi-
I cal and other expenses incurred in consequence
| thereof.
i The biU was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
SAMCEL H. TAYLOR.
The bill (S. No. 100) for the relief of Samuel
H. Taylor was read a second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It provides
for the allowance to Samuel H. Taylor of §270",
for extra service performed by him as messenger
in the office of the Third Auditor of the Treas-
ury from June, 1853, to September, 1855.
Mr. CLAY. Read the report.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Unless the gentleman
wishes to hear it for his own information, I do
not think it is necessary for us to have it read. It
will cost about as much to read the report as the
bill will take from the Treasury.
The Secretary read the following report, made
at the first session of the Thirty-Fifth Congress
by Mr. Ivehson:
The Committee on Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of Samuel II. Taylor, report:
The following facts appear from the papers in the case,
namely: Mr. Taylor was employed as a laborer in tlie office
ol' the Third Auditor, at fifty dollars per mouth. In June,
1853, it became necessary to hire a building, ^epaiate from
the Treasury Department, for the use of a portion of that
office, in which some ttventy-four clerks were located. For
this branch of the office, Mr. Taylor was the bole messen-
ger and laborer: and lor a poi tion of the time, as stated by
the puneipal clerk m charge, this office was kept open from
five o'clock a. m. until nine or ten o'clock p. in., during all
of which time the petitioner was m attendance as messen-
ger and laborer. *
The late Assistant Secretary of the Treasury states that
the average number of clerks employed in this division was
about twenty-four, and that Mr. Taylor was the only per-
son employed in the capacity in question in said division,
from June, 1853, to June, 1856, and that his diligence and
activity supplied the place of numbers, accomplishing (in
his opinion) twice, if not thrice, as much labor as, in gen-
eral, is performed by employes of his class.
The claimant deposes that his extra service extended "to
six or seven hours every day, and that Colonel Burt, then
Third Auditor, told him to continue the duty, and he would
see him paid." It will be recollected that Colonel Burt
soon after left the office, and subsequently died.
Whilst your committee would not recognize the right of
officers of the Government generally, and especially of the
higher and more expensive grades, to compensation for
extra services, or for services performed out of office hours,
or agree to give them such extra pay, except in extraor-
dinary cases, yet there may be cases, especially of subordi-
nate and pooily paid employes, in whffeh justice and equity
would not only justify, but demand, additional compensa-
tion for unusual and severe labor and attention performed
beyond the oidinary requirements of departmental regula-
tions. We consid'ertlie case under consideration to be one
of these.
It is in evidence that he performed the services both of a
messenger and a laborer, and that he was kept constantly
employed from early in the morning—sometimes as early
as five a. m.—until late at night, say ten o'clock; thus being
engaged in close attention and hard Jabor from twelve to
sixteen hours a day. Such extraoidmary labor and atten-
tion, performed with the greatest fidelity, especially if it be
true, as stated in the affidavit of the claimant, in which the
committee place confidence, that the service was performed
at the instance of the Auditor, and with the promise of
compensation, deserves, in the opinion of the committee,
a reasonable and just remuneration at the hands of the
Government. It is undoubtedly true that, without this ex-
traordinary labor and attention of Mr. Taylor, it would have
been necessary for the Government to employ an additional
messenger or laborer, who would have been "entitled to pay.
Your committee think it just and proper that Mr. Tayloe
should be allowed an additional compensation, and they
have fixed upon fifteen dollars per month as a reasonable
rate for the time he was so employed, and they i epoi t a bill
accordingly.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
TIIOMAS CROWN.
The bill (S. No. 101) for the relief of Thomas
Crown was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
pay to Thomas Crown $6,389 25, for interest on
account of the abrogation of his contract for fur-
nishing brick for the fortifications at Oak Island,
in North Carolina, in 1826*.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That bill establishes a
most extraordinary principle—to pay interest on
the damages incurred for a violation of a contract.
I apprehend that interest could not be recovered
between private individuals in such a case as this.
1 should like to hear the report read. It is noth-
ing more nor less, according to the bill, than a
proposition to pay $6,000 interest on damages in-
curred by a breach of contract. I never heard of
such a proposition before.
The Secretary proceeded to read the report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the number of
the report?
Mr. IVERSON. That was a report made at
the last session of Congress by the Committee on
Claims, and adopted at the present session, with
the exception that this bill allows only the inter-
est, whereas that allowed both interest and dam-
ages. The report, however, states the facts of
the case.
The Secretary read the following report, which
was made at the last session of Congress by Mr.
Clark:
The Committee on Claims, to whom was referred the
memorial of Thomas Crown, praying for relief, in conse-
quence of the arbitrary abiogation of a contract made by
him with the United States to furnish bricks foi the forti-
fications at Oak Island, in North Carolina, in 1826, make
the following report:
That upon an examination of this case the committee
find the following facts:
In January, 18-26, Captain George Blaney, of the engi-
neer coi ps of the United States Army, who was then su-
penntendmg the fortifications at Oak I&land, near the
mouth of Cape Fear river, issued proposals for the delivery
at Oak Island of six million bricks. The petitioner filed his
proposals for the furnishing and delivering from one million
to six million bricks, at the i ate of $7 75 per thousand. Said
proposals, being less than those of anv other person, were
accepted by said Blaney, in March, 1826, and were duly
certified to the engineer department at Washington, accord-
ing to the leguiations then existing. On the 16th day of
March a contract, under seal, was made between the peti-
tioner and Captain Blaney, acting for and on behalf of the
United States, pursuant, in all respects, to the advertise-
ment and pioposals, wherein the petitioner covenanted to
deliver at Oak Island three million bricks, to wit: one mil-
lion on or befoi e the 1 st day of October, 1836; one million
on or before the 30th day of November, 1828 ; and the re-
mainder on or before the 31st day of December, 1828.
The petitioner proceeded to Smithville, near Oak Island,
having made all the preparations necessary to enable him
to carry on his contract, and by the 1st of July, 1826, had
made about eight hundred thousand brick.
