3086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
reports ordered by the Senate have been deliv-
ered, and delivered several weeks since. But, as
I am informed, the work has been stereotyped,
and the Punter of the Senate now has the'same
stereotype plates with which he printed the edi-
tion for the Senate, ready to print the number
ordered by the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentleman
still further, if he knows whether or not the Sen-
ate Printer has been waiting to do this work for
several weeks, and has been urging the Commit-
tee on Printing of the House to report?
Mr. PHELPS. Such is the fact. I know that
the Senate Printer has been anxious that the
House should make its order of extra numbers
of the Patent Office agricultural report, from the
fact that he had his type ready to execute the
work whenever the House should order it to be
done.
Mr. JUNKIN. Have the members of the Sen-
ate got their agricultural reports yet?
Mr. PHELPS. I cannot say that they have
all been delivered, but a great many have, and
perhaps all. *The non-delivery of the document
to the House arises from the fact that the House
only ordered the printing of its extra numbers a
few days since.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Missouri is, I believe, to strike out
the last two lines of the amendment of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. PHELPS. I only moved it pro forma.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will say a word or two
in reply. Undoubtedly the proper and legal way
is to allow the House Printer to do the House
printing, and the Senate Printer to do the Senate
printing; but at the close of the last session of
Congress, by an amendment to an appropriation
bill, the whole printing was diverted to the Sen-
ate Printer, throwing into his hands the entire
printing of Congress, and enabling the Executive,
by sending documents to the Senate one day in
advance, to direct who should do the printing.
Now, I look upon this printing business as one
of the worst features of congressional proceedings;
and I ain very glad that a law has been passed
taking it out of our hands, and requiring it to be
done by a public office. Tins, I hope, is the last
debate we shall ever have in this House about
printing; but I appeal to gentlemen upon the other
side whether it is not fair that some portion of
the printing of Congress should be done by the
House Printer, and that ho should not be deprived
of it by means of a little proviso to an appropri-
ation bill?
Mr. PHELPS. Did we not order a document
(Stevens's report) to be reprinted the other day,
as a job for the House Printer?
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 do not know thatwe did
anything of the kind. We ordered the document
to be printed; but 1 did not know that it was a
job for anybody. So far as the stereotyping is
concerned, the House Printer can use the same
stereotype plates. The Senate Printer still haa
the advantage; he is paid for the composition of
the work, while the House Printer gets nothing
but for the press-work. It seems to me rather
ungracious for gentlemen opposite, under the cir-
cumstances, to oppose this amendment.
Mr. PHELPS, i withdraw my amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to strike out the
last line of the amendment of the Committee of
Wi\ys and Means, i understood my colleague
[Mr. Sherman] to say that, under the provisions
of this amendment, it is optional with the House
Printer whether or not he shall do the woik.
Now, either he or I have very strangely misun-
derstood tins prowsion. It reads:
And it is hercly provided, That all extra document1, or-
(Hied to b" printed by the Houm- ol Kepi'-seritatives during
the Thmy-Smh Confess, not aJicady executed, shall be
punted by the House Punter.
Not " may be printed," but11 shall be printed."
If thi  amendment becomes a law, it i« made his
duty to pr.nt them. The amendment then goes
on to provide that he shall not bo allowed the full
price for printing them, but that the composition
shall be deducted. Under that provision, the
Printer of the House will be bound to do this
work; it will not be optional with him.
Now, I say again, that if we have a law pre-
scribing the prices of printing, we should live up
to it. We should give to the Printers the prices
fixed by law; and this mode of putting money in
the pockets of the Printer of the House, by di-
viding the price of the printing between him and
the Senate Printer, is not legitimate.
My colleague said that,undoubtedly, the proper
and "legal" way is, that the Printer of each
House shall do the work ordered by that House.
1 submit to him that the legal way of doing the
printing is that which the law prescribes; and the
law now provides that the Printer of the House
which first orders the work shall do all the work
for both Houses.
Now, sir, at one time we hear it said that it is
but fair that this side of the House should agree
that the House Printer should do this work. At
another time it is said that the House Printer
should do this work, because the work will be
sooner done. Why, sir, 1 have heard it said by
a gentleman on this side of the House, and one
who knows, that the Senate Printer is now ready
and anxious to execute the order; that he has ac-
tually delivered the copies due the Senate, and
that he will deliver those due the House within
thirty days, if the order is left to him to execute.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing debate on this
amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope not.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the Chair, Mr. Washburne,of Illinois,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly the civil appropriation bill, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to close all debate
on the pending amendment of the Senate m the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
in five minutes after the committee shall again
resume the consideration of the same.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the lules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Wasiiburne, of
Illinois, in the chair,) and resumed the consider-
ation of the civil nppropnation bill; the question
pending being on the eighth amendment of the
Senate, with the amendments offered thereto.
Mr. MAYNARD I have no interest,personal
or political, in this matter. Let it go as it may,
it does not affect me; it does not inure to my ben-
efit, nor to the benefit of the party with which I
act. I think, therefore, that in what 1 shall say,
I speak from disinterested motives.
There were abuses existing which the last Con-
gress deemed demanded reform. The abuse which
was particularly prominent was that of allowing
pay for double composition. The law was changed
in order to remedy that evil, Under the law pre-
viously existing, the House Printer elected by the
House and the Senate Printer elected by the Sen-
ate each did the work for their respective Houses,
and were allowed pay for composition upon the
same document when ordered by both Houses.
Under the law of the last session, the Senate
Printer is entitled to print this document; and if
we, by this legislation, take it away from him,
he will have a just claim for compensation against
the Government, which he will bring up here,
and which we will be compelled to allow under a
just construction of the law. Unquestionably so.
On what gronnd, then, is it proposed to give this
work to the House Printer? Gentlemen say it is
because the work will be delayed. Why, sir, 1
have been told by persons who know, that the
Senate Printer has, for some time, been anxious
to get this older from the House; that he was
ready to execute it immediately; that his stereo-
type plates are all prepared, and that the work
will be executed sooner than the House Printer
can possibly do it, because he will have to take
the time to set up the type.
This amendment is, however, urged upon an-
other ground—that of generosity. Gentlemen
say, in effect, it is but right that you should give
to our Printer a fair share of the public plunder.
I say to gentlemen that you have just recently
given the House Printer a job which ought to
satisfy him. You propose to give him fifty thousand
copies of the Covode report to print. I wish, for
myself, it could be one hundred thousand; for I
understand it is a very important document; but
if that report is as voluminous as I understand it
is, it will furnish your Printer with money enough
to go on this year without taking from the Senate
Printer the agricultural report of the Patent Office.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Theamendment offered by Mr. Pendleton was
disagreed to.
The question then recurred on the amendment
proposed by the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. CLOPTON moved to amend by striking
out the word " executed" and inserting the word
" ordered," so that it should read " all documents
not ordered," &c.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. CLOPTON moved to amend by adding, at
the end of the amendment of the Committee of
Ways and Means, as follows:
And provided further, That this proviso shall not be so
constiued as to authorize payment tor printing said docu-
ments to any other than the Printer elected by the House;
atfd when-the printing, or any part thereof, lias been as-
signed or translerred, no payment shall be made.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The question then recurred on the amendmentof
the Committee of Ways and Means, as amended.
Mr. HASKIN. I desire, with the permission
of the committee, to correct a statement just now
made by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Maykard.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will say to the
gentleman that all debate has been closed upon
this amendment, by order of the House; and that
no statement can be permitted except by general
consent.
Mr. GARTRELL objected.
Mr. McCLERNAND called for tellers on the
amendment, as amended.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Gartrell
and McPherson were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes seventy-seven; further count not being de-
manded.
So the amendment, as amended, to the Senate
amendment, was agreed to.
Theque&tion then recurred on the Senate amend-
ment, as amended; and being taken, it was con-*
curred in.
Eighth amendment:
Page 10, line sixteen, after the word " volumes," strike
out " twenty-six and twenty-seven,'' and m>.eit in lieu
thereof '• twenty-two and twenty-tinee,"' so as to make the
pauigraph read: To enable tne fcjccrcuuy of State to putcha^e
fitty copies, each, of volumes twouty-six and twenty-seven
of Howaid's ltepoi ts of the Decisions ot the Supreme Court
ot the United States, §500.
The committee recommend a non-concurrence
in the amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
Strike out "$93,-240," in the paragraph " for compensa-
tion of the Thud Auditor, and the eleika, messenger, as-
sistant messenger, aud laborers in hia office, $93,240,and
insi-itin lieu thcieof, as follows:
One hundied ami thn ty-two thousand six hundied and
fort> dollais. And that the twenty-nine cleiks, now trans-
fer! ed by the Seeretaiy of the Treasury irom the Third Au-
ditor's office to other bureaus ot the Treasury Depaitment,
shall bo peimanently transteired to those offices-, and taken
Itom that ol the Thud Auditor; but nothing heiem con-
tamed shall be so complied as to take from the several
heads of Derailments the povvei to tiansfer clerks tempo-
rality liom one office oi buieau to another.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
Page 17, after line four, Insert as follows :
To enable the Seeretuiv ol the fntei.oi to cany into ef-
fect the aet approved the 16th Way, I got), cieanngan addi-
tionalland distnct in Washington Terntoiy, §8,uut).
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurience m the amendment, with an
amendment to add at the end thereof, as follows:
Provided, That said sum shall be paid out of the pioeeeda
of the sale ot land m huid dutnet, and not otherwise.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I desire to
make a statement m regard to the condition of our
public lands.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman pro-
pose an amendment?
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. No, sir; I
oppose the amendment of the Committee of Ways
