1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1199
In June Captain Blaney leceived five thousand brick,
and paid for them.
Iti July, 1826, the contract was forwarded by Captain
Blaney to the engmeei department, and on the 20th of the
same month it was returned, with the objections, from the
department, that there was* no penalty expressed, and no
bond accompanying it.
There was no agreement between the petitioner and Bla-
ney that the contract might be altered, modified,or rescinded
by either party, Oi that its approval by any superior officer
was necessary.
^ After leceivingtliecommunicationfromthe engineer de-
partment, BUmey refused to fulfill the contract. He alleged
that the petitioner had not the means to fulfill it, and was
in debt to one Potter; but he owed Potter only about six
hundred dollars, and if Blaney had paid him for his bricks,
according to the contract, he would have been relieved
from his indebtedness.
Blaney utterly refused to comply with the stipulations of
the contract on the part of the United States, and insisted
upon the petitioner's transferring his property to Potter,
which, by the arbitiary and unjustifiable conduct of the of-
ficer of the United States, he was compelled to do.
Blaney having thus rescinded the contract, then accepted
from Potter the bricks made by the petitioner for which lie
paid him from eight dollars to eight dollars and fifty cents
per thousand.
The petitioner in this case sought relief in the Court of
Claim5;; and a full hearing was had in that tribunal, and
the facts above recited were established. The court gave
an opinion in the case, concluded in the following language :
" Our opinion is, that the contract is a valid one. We
think also that the evidence shows no good reason for re-
scinding it; that Blaney refused absolutely to receive any
bricks of Crown, and that Crown then had on hand five
hundred thousand bricks, for which he should have been
paid $3,500 under his conttact; lor which sum we report
a bill.,>
The bill thus reported passed both IIouse3 of Congress,
and Crown received the money.
This sum was what was actually due to Crown at the time
he was ready to deliver the bricks to the United States, in
conformity with his contract, (not later than October 1,
1826,) and which was detained in the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States by the arbitraiy rescinding of Crown's contract.
When your committee consider that this money has been
justly due and payable to the petitioner frotn the time that
Blaney improperly refused to fulfill the contract, and that
no part of it was ever paid till the passage of the act above
mentioned, on the 3d of Maich, 1857, although the peti-
tionei has repeatedly sought it for the long period of thirty
years, they see no reason why Government, having broken
the contract, and detcimmed the amouut which was justly
due, should not pay interest thereon.
They aie theiefoie of opinion that interest, at six per cent,
per annum, should bo paid to Mr. Crown on the s-aid sum
of $3,500, from Octobei 1, 1826, to the 3d day ot March,
1857, amounting to §6,389 25.
Your committee now proceed to consider the question as.
to the allowance to the petitioner of damages, m conse-
quence of the breach ot his contract by the Government.
Where a contract is made between two individuals, and
the conditions of it ate broken by one of the contractors,
there is no doubt that lie is liable for the breach. The ques-
tion is, whether there should be any distinction between
the Government and an individual; for numerous instances
can be cited where an individual contracting with the Gov-
ernment, and not fulfilling his contract, has been subjected
to damages; and wh v should not the Government be equally
liable ? Your committee are of opinion that they are.
It is in evidence that the petitioner entered into a con-
tract with the Government, in good faith, through its au-
thorized agent, to deliver, lor the use of the Government,
three million bricks, and was at considerable expense in
arrangm* the preliminaries lor the fulfillment of his con-
tract. Mi. Ciown made eight hundied thousand bricks;
five hundied thousand uf Uicin were received by the officer,
and have been pa.d foi ; three hundred thousand weie pro-
nounced unsatisfactory, and rejected, leaving two million
two hundied thousand i-till to be made by Crown when his
contiact was abiogated.
For reasons not apparent to your committee, the peti-
tioner was thus compelled to retne from his enterprise, and
surrender the fair p:obabihty of lealizing a handsome profit
on his contract.
Laying aside the vears of delay in the receipt of the pro
ralu compensation for five hundiod thousand bricks, it is
by uo means cleat that such pro rata is adequate to leim-
burs-e the outlays and pieparation for tiie fulfillment ot so
extensive an undertaking. Be this as it may, the contract
was rescinded by the Government without legal right, and
the petitioner may legally chum the pioliu he might have
made m that poitionof the contract winch he was pre-
vented fiom fulfilling.
It is in evidence that bricks of the character of those
furnished at Oak Inland were woith, in Alexandria, in the
fall of 1820, five dollars per one thousand. Allowing for the
remoteness of the place an increase of one dollar per thou-
sand over the price m Alexandria, and making the allow-
ance of seventy-five cents peronethou>andfor the delivery
at Oak island, leaves a net profit of one dollar on every thou-
sand contracted foi,
Mr. Crown K, therefore, in the opinion of yonr commit-
tee, justly entitled to one dollar damages on each thousand
ot the two million two hundred thousand bricks which he
was entitled to furni-h under his contract at the time of its
abiogation, amounting to .$3,200. Your committee, there-
fore, find due Mr Ciown. as interest, $6,389 25, and as
damages, $2,200. amounting to §8,589 25; for which bum
they repoit a bill for las relief.
Mr. CLAY. This bill appears to me to be in
violation of the settled, practice of the Senate, and
in violation of the practice of almost all Govern-
ments—certainly of this. In the first place, as to
the damages: according to my understanding of
this contract as presented in the report, it is not
compensating him for any actual damage that'he
incurred 
Mr. IVERSON. "Will the Senator from Ala-
bama allow me to inturrupt him?
Mr. CLAY. I would rather get through; but
as the Senator reported the bill, 1 yield to Jiim.
Mr. IVERSON. There are no damages in this
bill. 1 will explain to the Senator from Alabama
that thereportwhich was read was the reportmade
at the last Congress, and the bill reported then al-
lowed damages and interest both; but the Com-
mittee on Claims at the present session refused to
allow damages, and only allowed interest. The
present bill does not allow damages.
Mr. CLARK. I think the bill was reported
so designedly last session as not to confound the
question of interest with the question of damages.
This session the committee have left out the dam-
ages, and presented the question of interest on the
sum which was not paid for over thirty years, and
to which the claimant was justly entitled in 1826.
Mr. IVERSON. The question is in a nut-
shell. Under this contract, Congress has adju-
dicated that this party was entitled to a certain
amount of m<?ney—and it ought to have been paid
at the time that the contract was taken from him
—for bricks which he had actually manufactured
and which the Government subsequently used;
but he did not get his pay until 1857. The Gov-
ernment then admitted that the amount was due to
him, and therefore ought to have been paid long
ago; and thequestion now is, whether he oughtto
have interest on that amount. If he had received
the money at the time it was due to him, he could
have made interest on it undoubtedly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will ask a question of the
Senator from Georgia. Is there any reason given
by the Court of Claims why the principal was
allowed by that court? A bill was reported to us
by the court and passed, and the principal paid.
Now, what I should like to get at, is this: was
interest allowed in the Court of Claims ? If not,
why not? If it was claimed, and was not allowed,
why not? How happens it that the interest has
been segregated ?
Mr. IVERSON. I do not remember distinctly
the facts in relation to that question; but my im-
pression is, that the Court of Claims refused to
allow interest on the general practice of the Gov-
ernment. They admitted the principal was due,
but said that inasmuch as the Government was
not m the habit of allowing interest, they would
not allow it in this instance.
Mr. CLAY. The explanation cuts off most of
what I intended to say m opposition to the bill;
but still I think it will be a very vicious prece-
dent, and will return to plague ushere at each ses-
sion of Congress. If this Government undertakes
to pay interest in all such cases, the Treasury of
the United States will soan be empty. There is
one class of cases which have come frequently
under my observation, in which the amount of in-
terest accumulated against the Government would
be a frightful sum, and tljat is in respect to money
paid for lands where the title was not secured.
1 have a case of that kind where a man, thirty
or forty years ago, paid the Government for land
which it was supposed they had a light to at that
time. Afterwards it was ascertained that they had
no title, and he was dispossessed of land which is
now worth fifty dollars an acre. The Government
refused to pay him anything except the money
advanced, without interest; -Mid after examining
carefully for precedents to sustain his claim to
interest, which would not even indemnify him, 1
could not find a single case. On corresponding
with the Commissioner of the General LandOffice,
I learned that it had not been the practice of the
Government to pay interest in any such case.
The case of my constituent, to which I have
referred, is a much harder one than that of Mr.
Crown. In that case hi- actually advanced his
money to the Government; the Government had
the benefit and the use of his money for a long
period of time, and they refused to pay him any-
thing beyond the principal. Interest is, I believe,
conceded on all hands to be a matter of bargain
where it is not specially provided for by law; it
is merely conventional, and the Government is
not bound, according to legal principles, to pay
interest, and does not undertake to do so without
hazarding her own credit. I am opposed to the
principle" and I shall ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I think it
is only necessary that the Senate should under-
stand this bill, to prevent its passage. There ia
a very grave principle involved in it, and 1 trust-
it will not be suffered to pass the Senate as a pri-
vate claim of no importance. The amount in-
volved here is only some six thousand dollars,,
but the principle will reach to millions and mil-
lions of dollars if it is to be established.
The case is simply this: a contract was vio-
lated; the party who has suffered by the viola-
tion of the contract has brought a suit, recovered
his damages, and they have been paid to him.
The contract was made nearly forty years ago.
He sued for damages against the party violating
the contract, and recovered, and has been paid
his damages; and now, what? Now he comes
and asks to have interest on those damages which
he has recovered. The original damages being
$3,500, he now asks to have $6,389 paid to him
as interest upon the damages he has recovered
and received for a violation of his contract. 1
think if the case were between private individuals,
interest could not be recovered in such a case.
Was it ever heard of, that when one individual,
sues another for a violation of contract, and re-
covers damages for a violation of the contract, he
can also get interest on the damages ? They may
take into dbnsideration, and perhaps the jury
would, the loss he might have suffered from the
length of time he had lost in prosecuting his claim,
but the idea that a separate- claim is to come in
for damages on the amount he recovered, is a new
principle in law to me.
I trust that such a bill as this will not pass the
Senate, and I shall unite with the Senator from
Alabama in asking for the yeas and nays. I am
not disposed to argue the question. A statement
of the ease is enough. The bill shows on its face
what it is. It is to pay interest on damages re-
covered for a violation of a contract made nearly
forty years ago.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have been looking at the
decision of the Court of Claims—it is somewhat
long—to endeavor to get at the basis of this claim.
I do not think there is any merit in it at all. < If I
understand the decision of the Court of Claims,
from a very hasty perusal, there was a judgment
given in favor of this claimant for §3,500, for the
value of five hundred thousand bricks which he
was to have delivered under his contract, and
which the officer refused to receive. The court
held that the tender of the bricks entitled him to
payment therefor, and that the refusal of the of-
ficer to receive them could not defeat that right.
The court therefore gave him a judgment for the
value of the bricks. It does not appear that the
Government ever received them; but these $3,500
were paid for the bricks without their being re-
ceived by the Government. Nobody knows what
he did with the bricks afterwards. He may have
sold them afterwards. I think it looks, from the
decision, as if the Government paid for them a
second time to another contractor. At all events,
I see nothing in the decision to show that any
pretense was made at the time to interest, and I
cannot see on what ground interest is to be al-
lowed on the damages which the Government has
paid for the non-compliance with the contract. I
cannot vote for the bill.
Mr. CLARK. I think both the Senator from
Illinois and the Senator from Louisiana, have
mistaken the nature of the claim. I examined
this claim with great care the last session of Con-
gress, and I came to the conclusion that not only
was it a just claim, but that the Government was
in great faultfornot having paid it before. There
was allowed to Mr. Crown $3,500 for bricks actu-
ally made and delivered, which they lefused to
payfor. For some unaccountable reason, the con-
tract was broken by the officer in charge. A por-
tion of the bricks had been delivered, and he re-
fused to pay, and Mr. Crown was not paid for.
the bricks which lie had delivered—the sum of
$3,500—until thirty-one years after it was due.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator will permit
me, I will read a passage from the decision of the
Court of Claims, upon which I base my observa-
tions. It is the very last sentence of the opinion
of the court:
c! Our opinion is, that the contract was a valid one. We
think, also, that the evidence shows 110 good reastm lor
rpscindiHgit; tiiat Blaney refused absolutely to receive any
bricks of Crown, and that Crown then hail on hand hve
