1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2143
Roger "Williams, that does not find a response in
my breast. 1 surely never intended to detract
anything from him. I should have remembered
him rather by his sufferings and persecutions, the
trials he had in obtaining a charter, and in main-
taining it, the persecution which he suffered from
the Crown,his trials in this country; and, finally,
the trials of those he had most benefited that were
heaped upon his declining years.
JOHN B, MONTGOMERY.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move thatthe Sen-
ate bill No. 406 be taken up. I think there is a
quorum present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no quo-
rum present.
RELATIONS OF THE STATES.
The VICE PRESIDENT, (at twenty-one min-
utes to two o'clock.) There is now a quorum
in the Senate and immediately around the Sen-
ate Chamber. A quorum of Senators has been
present within the last five minutes. If there be
no objection, the Senator from Michigan, if pres-
ent, can renew his motion.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator himself has got
tired and gone out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolutions of
the Senator from Mississippi, the Chair under-
stands, are the unfinished business of yesterday,
and will now be taken up.
The Senate accordingly resumed the consider-
ation of the resolutions submitted by Mr. Davis
on the 1st of March relative to the relations of
the States and the rights of property in the Terri-
tories.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, at the close of
the session of yesterday, 1 was speaking of the
hope I entertained that the Democratic party
would yet be united; that that glorious old party,
which had so long wielded the destinies of the
country for its honor, for its glory, and its prog-
ress, was not about to be buried in a premature
grave, but that it was to remain united together,
working steadily towards the great end for which
it has striven since 1800, and, by a long pull and
a strong pull, and a pull all together, seek to bring
the ship of State into that quiet harbor where ves-
sels safe, without their anchors, ride. This was
a hope, however, not founded on any supposition
that we were prepared to escape from the issues
which were presented. This was a hope not based
on the proposition that every man should have
his own construction, of our creed, and that we
should unite together merely for success; but it
was a hope based on the history of the party,
that, as heretofore, in each succeeding quadren-
nial convention, they would add to the resolutions
of the preceding one such as passing events ren-
dered necessary and the exigencies of the country
♦demanded.
In the last four yeaFk a question has arisen di-
viding the Democratic party upon its construction
of one of the articles of its creed. It behooves us,
in that state of the case, to decide what the con-
struction is; for if the Democratic party be not a
union of men upon principle, the sooner it is dis-
solved the better; and if it be a union of men upon
principle, why shall not those principles always
oe declared—declared in every emergency to meet
the demands of the case?
The Senator from Illinois, who preceded me,
announced that he had performed a pleasing duty
in defending the Democratic party. That party'
might well cry out, " Save me from my friends."
It was a defense of the party by the arraignment
of all its prominent individuals. It was the pres-
ervation of the body by the attempt to destroy
the head—for the President of the United States,
is for the time being, the head of the party that
placed him in position; and the head of the party
thus m position cannot be destroyed without the
disintegration of the members and the destruction
of the body itself. I suppose the Senator, how-
ever, was at his favorite amusement of " shooting
at the lump." The " lump"heretofore has been
those Democratic Senators who dissented from
him. This time he involved Democrats all over
the country. Not even the Presiding Officer,
whose position seals his lips, could escape him;
and I found nothing in the extract from that gen-
tleman's address which, with the construction of
language I doubt not he placed on it, and which
1 should have placed, does not meet my approval;
but if tried by the modern lexicon of Mr. Doug-
las, non-intervention would be a sin for which
the whole Democracy might be responsible when
tried under the indictment of squatter sovereignty.
The language of the Presiding Officer is to be
construed, not by the Senator's definition of his
language, but by the use which that language
received at the time, at the place, and by men
such as the one who used it.
The Senator, with that force which usually en-
ters into his address—with more of eloquence even
than he usually employs—referred to the .scene
which awaited him upon his return to Chicago,
when he met an infuriated mob for having main-
tained the measures of 1850—those compromises
which, in the northern section, it was urged had
been passed in the interest of the South. But,
pray, what one of those measures was it which
excited the mob so described ? Only one. Only
one was put in issue at the North—the fugi-
tive slave law—and as to that one, the Senator
might have somewhat replied by saying that he
did not vote for it; but it belonged to his manli-
ness—and 1 commend him for it—to say, that
though absent and not voting for it, he approved
of it; and such, 1 believe, was his course on that
occasion. I give him, therefore, all due credit for
not escaping from a responsibility to which they
might not have held him. But are we to return
thanks to any one because he has given us that
small measure of constitutional right; bccause he
has complied with a requirement so plain, that my
greatest regret is that it ever required congres-
sional intervention to enforce it? It belonged to
the honor of the States to execute that clause of
the Constitution. They should have executed it
without congressional intervention, though con-
gressional action, I admit, may have been needful
to give that uniformity of proceeding which State
action could not have secured.
But whilst thus pleading the evils of a disrup-
tion of the party, it is quite apparent that in his
mind there is another point which is always up-
permost; forthrough all hisarraignmentof others,
through all his self-laudation, through all his com-
plaints of persecution, like an air through its vari-
ations, appears and reappears the nomination of
the Charleston convention. That seemed to be
the beginning and that the end of his solicitude.
The oft-told tale of the chairmanship of the Com-
mittee on Territories had to be renewed and con-
nected with that convention,even assumed to have
been the basis on which his strength was founded
in that convention. I think the Senatordid him-
self injustice. I think his long career and dis-
tinguished labors, his admitted capacity for good
hereafter, constitute a better reason for the sup-
port which he received, than the fact that his
associates in the Senate had not chosen to put him
in a particular position in the organization of this
body. It is enough that that fact did not attract
support to him; and I am aware of none of his
associates here who have forced that fact upon
public attention with a view to affect him.
As to that arraignment of his Democracy to
which he referred, I am not aware that it has been
made. That same unknown body who has done
it, however, he claims has been answered by the
action of a majority of the convention at Charles-
ton; and then he proceeds to inform the minority
men that he would scorn to be the candidate of a
party unless he received a majority of its votes.
There was no use in making that declaration; it
requires not only a majority, but, under our rul-
ing, two thirds to get a nomination. It was un-
necessary for anybody to feel scorn towards that
which he could not receive. Other unfortunate
wights might mourn the event; it belonged to the
Senator from Illinois to scorn it. The remark of
Mr. Lowndes which has been so often quoted,
and which, beautiful in itself, has acquired addi-
tional value by time—that the Presidency was an
office neither to be sought nor declined—has no
application therefore to the Senator; for under cer-
tain contingencies he says he would decline it. I
do not believe he will. It belongs not to me to
say whether he has sought it. I leave that to
himself, and to those who have a right to judge.
But, sir, what is the danger which now besets
the Democratic party ? Is it, as has been asserted,
the doctrine of intervention by Congress, and is
that doctrine new? Is the idea that protection by
Congress to all rights of person and property,
wherever it has jurisdiction, so dangerous that, in
the language employed by the Senator, it would
sweep the Democratic party from -the face of the
earth ? For what was our Government instituted ?
Why did the States confer upon the Federal Gov-
ernment the great functions which it possesses?
For protection—for protection beyond the munici-
pal power of the States. 1 shall have occasion,
in the progress of the remarks I shall submit, to
cite some authority, and to trace this from a very
early period. It, however, belongs to me to no-
tice an assault which the Senator has thought
proper to make upon certain States, one of which
I in part represent. He has claimed that they are
seceders, bolters, because they withdrew from a
party convention when that party convention
failed to announce their principles. I know of no
fetter which binds me to a party beyond my will.
I will admit no bond that holds me to a party a
day longer than I agree to its principles. When
men meet together to confer, and ascertain whether
or not they do agree, and find that they differ—
radically, essentially, irreconcilably differ—what
belongs to an honorable position except to part?
They cannot then act together upon any basis
which becomes a gentleman. It devolves upon
them frankly and avowedly to announce the dif-
ference, and each to pursue his separate course.
The letter of Mr. Yancey—acknowledged to be
a private letter, an unguarded letter, but which
somehow or other got into the press—was read to
sustain this general accusation against what are
called the cotton States. I do not pretend to judge
how far the Senator has the right here to read a
private letter, which, without the authority of the
writer, has gone into the public press. It is one
of those questions which every man's conscience
must decide for himself. But whether or not the
use of that letter was justifiable, how is it to be
assumed that the southern States are bound by
any opinion there enunciated? How is it to be,
assumed that we, the residents in those States,
have pinned our faith to the creed of any man;
and that we will follow his behest, no matter
whither he may go? Did Mr. Yancey, in his
speech delivered at Charleston, justify the con-
clusions which the Senator draws from this let-
ter ? Did he admit the conclusions which the Sen-
ator draws to be correct? There he found the
latest evidence and the best authority. Speaking
to that point, Mr. Yancey said in that speech:
<k It has been charged, In order to demoralize whatever
influence we might bo entitled to, either from our personal
or political characteristics, or as representatives of the
State of Alabama, that we are disruptionists, disunionists
per ->e; that we desire to break up the party in the State of
Alabama—to break up the paity of the Union, and to dis-
solve the Union itself. Each and all of these allegations,
come from what quarter they may, f pionounce to be false.
There is no disunionist, that I know of, in the delegation
from the State of Alabama. There is no disruptioriistthat
I know of; and if there are faotionists in our delegation,
they could not have got in there with the knowledge upon
the part of our State convention that they were of so unen-
viable a character. We come here with two great purposes;
first, to save the constitutional rights of the South, if it
lay in our power to do so. Wo desno to save the youtli
by the best means that present themselves to us; and the
State of Alabama believes that the best means now in ex-
istence is the organization of the Democratic party, if we
shall be able to persuade it to adopt the constitutional basis
upon which wc think the South alone can be saved."
He goes further, until he reaches this very
point, and he says:
" We have come here, then, with the twofold purpose of
saving the countiy and saving the Demociacy, and if the
Democracy will not lend itsetfto that high, holy, and eleva-
ted put pose; if it cannot elevate itself above the mere ques-
tM>n of how perfect shall be its mere personal organization,
and how widespread shall be its mere voting success, then,
wo say to you, gentlemen, mournfully and regretfully, that
in the opinion of the Slate of Alabama, and, 1 believe, of
the whole South, you have Ailed in your mission, and it
will be our dutv to go forth and make an appeal to the loy-
alty of the couiiti y to stand by that Constitution which party
organizations Have deliberately rejected. [Applause.]"
Mr. Yancey answers for himself. It was need-
less to go back to old letters. Here were his re-
marks, delivered before the convention, speaking
to the very point in issue, and answering both as
to his purposes and as to the motives of those
whom he conferred with in private.
To sustain this charge, the Senator also cited a
gentleman formerly associated with us here, and
respected for his very high ability by all, as
having written a letter very recently, a part of
which he read; but he did not read the whole.
There is one paragraph of that letter which, if
read, would have answered the Senator entirely,
so far as he attempted to place that gentleman m
the attitude of blaming those who withdrew, or
denying the claim upon which they rested their
