180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
settlers. These are not the cases that illustrate
the question at all; but the vital question for us
to decide is, -whether we shall stand -vvheve our
party stood in former times, declaring- that Con-
gress would let this matter alone; that if there was
obstruction to the judicial authority, we would in-
terfere only to carry its judgment into execution.
Well, sir, speaking of the question of sound-
ness, it is not because I have any disposition to
befriend the property of the people of the Korth
more than the property of the people of the South
That is not the difficulty with me. The difficulty,
in my mind, is the infirmity of Congress over the
whole subject, both as to the property of the peo-
ple of the North and the property of the people of
the South; and I say to gentlemen on the other
side, write me down the cose, the circumstances,in
which you say it would be proper and right for
the Congress of the United States to pass a law
for the protection of the right of the master to the
service of his apprentice, or for the protection of
property in any chattel whatever. When you are
going to bring that field of local legislation here,
write me down the case, and I will write under it
that, in a similar case, X would be just as willing
to intervene for the protection of property in
slaves; and, if I understand the resolution which
is now before the Legislature of Mississippi, I do
not know that 1 should object to it very much.
The resolution to which I refer is in these words:
" Resolved by ike Legislature of ike State of Mississippi*
That, under the- Constitution of the United States, the Gov-
ernment created by it caunut, nor can any tribunal acting
under its authoiiiy, whether it be h^i-Ootive, execute c\ or
judicial, within its appropriate sphere, justly withhold hem
the ow'neis ot slaves that adequate protection lortlioir-lave
property to which owneis ot property of other lunrt.-i aie
entrtJed, or which, from its nature, "they may requnu to
secure thein in it^ possession and enjoyment.1'
Well, I say very frankly that I am perfectly
willing to give that species of property such pro-
tection as) will give any other; but my judgment
is, that Congress has no power over any of them.
I do not say Congress may not interfere with a
high hand; but, as a question of legislation, of
subjects to be determined by us, I do not know
where we shall end. Sumo of the States of the
Union, wome of the city governments within the
Union,have passed laws that no man shal] bring
gunpowder within their limits, except sublet to
certain regulations; but, according to (his doe-
trine, the Territorial Legislature cannot even do
that,bccause there may be property ingunpowdi r,
and it is said that it is unfriendly legislation to ex-
cludi it. So, in reference to ardent spirits, I be-
lieve nomo of the New England States have passed
laws which ceitainly go very far to destroy any
right of property in them; but, according to those
gentlemen,it would be perfectly incompetent for a
Territorial Legislature torcenactthe Maine liquor
law. Now, sir, I say, if the Legislature  «f Mis-
sissippi means that it is the duty of this Govern-
ment, standing .here, the Government alike of
slavcholchng nnd of non-slaveholding States, to
do equal justice to all the States, to regard with
equat favor the property and the rights of prop-
erly of the people in every State, to make no dis-
crimination as against one, to hold the scales of
justice equally between them, I am with her.
Mr. DAVIS. I will say to the Senator from
Ohio, that to hold the scales of justice equal, and
to hold them so as to give adequate protection to
all citizens m their rights of person and property,
is exactly what the re,solutions mean; but, as i
understand him, his doetrinn would go to the ex-
tent of denying to the Federal Government the
power to create a territorial government at all.
Mr. PUGH. I have nut said flier.
Mr. DAVIS. Youi doetiine tends to thai, if I
understand vou.
Mr. PUGH. I think cot.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator thinks we have
power to create a territorial government, avid to
invest the territorial government, as our eL'ent,
with functions to protect person and property in
the Territories, the common property of the Uni-
ted States, then he understands the resolutions
property to mean that the Government con be in-
vested with functions in g<ve adequate protection
equally to all. no discrimination against any.
Mr. PUGlL I ;uy a.in i will m<>ke no dis-
crimination—.10,jo. If t.iat iri the in ainngofihe
Mississippi n-^olutio,'. I iuv no objo-^on to it;
but, sir, 1 deny thai the Tei i itonal Legislature w
an agent of Congress. Who mc.de it the t'ffentof
Congress? Do we elect its members? Do we
choose them ? Can we displace them ? Sir. they
are the agents of the people of the Teiiitorv—as
much so as wc are of the people who eent us he re.
The territorial government is, in one sense, the
creature of Congress, or rather of the Federal
Government, and so is every new State. We
passed a law authorizing the people of Minnesota
to assemble and choose their delegates and form a
State constitution—the very same form of legis-
lation precisely that we apply to a Territory; and
who ever pretended that that fact made the State
of Minnesota the creature of Congress ? Neither
does it follow in every case that a creature may
not have higher powers than the creator, or that
the creature is in all cases subject to the creator.
He may have a different will, conferred upon lum
from a different source, and I say that the Terri-
torial Legislatures arc agentsof their people, that
it is not for Congress to supervise their acts, that
it is for them to proceed in the exercise of their
right of self-government, and if any man com-
plains of them or their acts, or of omissions, lot
him go to the judicial tribunals with his com-
plaint, if it be capable of judicial cognizance, or
otherwise trust to them. I say, in addition to that,
whatever the judicial authorities decide, I agree
must be executed.
Mr. DAVIS. I would ask the Senator from
Ohio where the Territorial Legislature gets its au-
thority. Is it from the act of Congress, or is it
from the will of the people who inhabit the Ter-
ritory, alone ?
Mr. PIJGH. It is from the will of the people
who inhabit the Territory.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I would ask the Senator
further, why it is that he makes an appropriation
to pny members of the Territorial Legislature,
how it is that he invests the Governor with a veto
power over their acts, and how it.is that lie ap-
points judges to decide upon the validity of their
acts ?
Mr. PUGH. I will endeavor to onswer the
gentleman's question. I make appropriations to
pay the expenses of their government because it
is cheaper to do that than to pay taxes on our
pjopTty thexe. We own the laudedpioperty of
the Territories, nnd we do not pay any taxes for
it, and it is cheaper for us to pay the expenses of
their Government than it is to pay taxes on our
property as individuals do on theirs.
Mr. DAVIS. Oh, but the Senator being from
one of those States where this Government was
the proprietor of the land, must be familiar with
the fact that after the State of Ohio was admitted
and had a Legislature of its own, a Legislature
of the people distinctly, they paid their own Le-
gislitme, though this Government still continued
to be the proprietor of the land.
Air. PUGil. Yes, sir; but the Government
stipulated tn give us five per cent, of the net pro-
ceeds of all lands sold m our State for an indefi-
nite period.
Not to pay your Legislature.
It was for general State pur-
Mr. DAVIS.
Mr. PUGH.
poses.
Mr. DAVIS.
Mr. PUGH.
mrnts.
j Mr. DAVIS,
i States and th
No.
Yes, it was for internal improve-
It was a contract between the
Federal Government that they
would not 1,ix land which belonged to the United
■ States for a period after its sale under the present
i cash system, [t wasa contract between the Stafes
and the United States on those terms, we agreeing
to pay the percentage.
Aii. PUGH. That may be. It comes to the
same thina. f say the very reason why this Gov-
ernment has from the beginmn r paid the < .\.penses
of i!>e T"iiitorial Legislature, i.i because it is
cheaper to do that than to pay nste.x; Ci as persons
t ought to -f ay; and certainly no Su.t- -.rght to deny
that the Government would be honmMo pay taxes
which, when she was admuted in*o the Union,
like Ohio and Mississippi, insisted uoon the nirht
of taxing the lauds of the Federal Government,
and only relinquished that claim upon a contract.
The {Senator asks me, in the next place, why I
give a veto power to the Governor, f would"as
hef he should not have it; but i can well under-
stand the principle on which it stands. Your ter-
ritorial act, as X said las.t winter, is not an enabling
a^t to rhe peopleit is rs disabling-act. You claim
t lie general authority over the public domain. You.
at the beginning of it, owned the larger part of the
land. You throw it open to cultivation; you say
to the people of the States and from abroad: "Go
in here; we permit you to go; we permit you to
acquire a title by the preemption law, by the
homestead law, by the donation law, or by direct
purchase; and we stipulate for your quiet posses-
sion of thatTerritory, and for the security of your
title, provided you will agree to certain terms
which we have set down in the organic act."
What are those terms? That you shall not tax
the property of non-residents higher than that of
residents; that you shall respect all those great
principles contained 111 the Bill of Rights to the
Constitution of the United States; and that you
shall conduct all your government and legislation
so as to bring you ultimately into the Union as a
State; that you shall not wander off and make
alliances with other people, or become foreign
States; and as these conditions are written down
in the organic law, we reserve for your protection
the power of the tribune to veto any attempt on
your part at an infraction of the conditions.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Ohio will per-
mit me to interrupt him once moie. He leaves
outavery important provision. This money was
not given to the Stages merely for that consider-
ation and for them to do as they pleased with it;
but the States having an interest in the lands within
the limits of the State whore this sovereignty was
to be erected, reserved from the eminent domain,
winch was about to pass to the people of the State,
certain rights and privileges, and imposed condi-
tions on which this money was given. Among
other considerations which lie has named, there is
one "which he lias omitted. Ail obligation was im-
posed on them to make roads leading to the State
and improvements m the State, to accelerate the
sale of the public lands which belonged to the
United States.
Mr. PUGH. I do not doubt that the Govern-
ment of the United States may have been oper-
ated upon to some extent by that motive.
Mr. DAVIS. Rut it is set forth as being for
the purpose. It is declared in the act.
Mr. PUGH. Suppose it is; suppose the Gov-
ernment declared it; I say the State of Ohio—and
that is the case referred to—did claim the right
to tax the land of the Federal Government within
her limits, and that she only surrendered that
claim upon a stipulation that five per cent, of the
proceeds of the lands sold there should be appro-
priated to State purposes. My colleague knows
that the making of roads in "Ohio for the first
twenty years was a regular element in the State
appropriations, and the five per cent, fund was in
aid of the State government in carrying forward
the purposes of the State government. Now, 3
say, in the Territories, you, as the largest property-
holder, are excused from paying taxes by a com-
mutation—that is, a sum sufficient to pay the ex-
penses of that government.
But I was speaking of the veto power; I had
passed to that. That originates nothing; the
Governor can make no law, the Governor can
propose no law. The veto power is purely neg-
ative. If the Governor vetoes an act, the icrnier
law stands, and in fact in no event can 3t be used
to touch the question of slavery. If she Terri-
torial Legislature pass an act to allow slavery
within the Territory, and the Governor vetoes the
act, what i«* the effect of it: They simply have
no law at all on the subject. Suppose the'Terri-
torial Legislature were to pass a law abolishing
i slavery, and the Governor should veto that, it
, would have no effect; they would simply be with-
I out law. All this pretense on either side that the
| veto power of the Governor in a Territory can
; touch the question of slavery, in any way, is a
great mistake.
j Now as to the judges; do not wc appoint judges
■ for the State of Mississippi, "Federal judges, and
! marshals? Have we not district judges tn your
Siatc, sir? Have wc not a court of the Unjted
States in every State, with its_marshal > Vv hat
more have wc done for the Territories? We have
appointed for them judges of the United States
and marshals, and have authorized them, for
their convenience, to save ihem the expense of
paying other judges, lo \est '.ertam jurisdiction
of questions between mere individuals in those
judges. At the same time, they have their county
judges; they have their local courts; they appoint
their justices of the peace; they appoint their pro-
