THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JUNE 19, 1860.
New Series No. 194.
determined to go on with his " eighty-eightsoils,"
he might pay lor it himself. We therefore rec-
ommended a non-concurrence in the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move to increase
the appropriation seventy-five dollars.
The gentleman from Onio says that Dr. Evans
was directed not to exceed the appropriation made
forthework. That is true, i admit it, Mr. Chair-
man; but X ask you if this is the first time that
appropriations have been exceeded,and Congress
has gone on and paid the money after the work
has been doner Why, sir, there is scarcely an
instance in the history of our public buildings and
improvements m which the appropriations have
not been exceeded, arid in which Congress has
not subsequently made further appropriations to
pay for tile work done.
It is true that the Commissioner of the General
Land Oifice, or the Secretary of the Interior, did
write to him not to exceed his appropriation; but
he was then engaged in this woi lc. He was then
in the Territory of Washington, where the com-
munication did not reach him until long after-
wards. I deair^to call the attention of the House
to what Mr. Commissioner of the General Land
Office Wilson ways m reference to the conduct of
Dr. Evans, and in reference to the value of his
work. 1 read from Mr. Wilson's letter on the
subject:
"He possessed, however, the entire confidence of the
office, and we were pei fectly sine that his (luues would be
taitbiully and economically discharged. The result ot his
labors, in a mo->t eminent degiee, has pioved that that con-
fidence was well lounded. As in the case of Dr. Owen, it
was supposed that the woik would go steadily on to com-
pletion, us the mteiests and honor ot the countiy alike re-
quired. In putsumg hi-, exploiations, theietoie, a-s he did,
lie supposed that he was c.urying out the views of the
office, \vmch was the fact; and when the office would have
recalled htm, if 1 remembei aright, we did nor know where
to lind him. From every charge of disobedience or con-
tumely 1 most heartily and eatnely exoneiate him."
Now, sir, I desire to say just this in conclusion.
Dr. Evans returned here alter he had completed
the work, and made his settlement with the Com-
missioner of the General JLand Office. They
struck a balance with him, which appears upon
the reports sent here, giving him the amount
which was believed to be justly due htm, beyond
the appropriations made by Congress. I have
also here the letter of another Commissioner of
the Land Oifice, speaking of this work as being
well done, aud in pursuance of the instructions of
the Department. The Secretary of the Interior
refuses to recommend to Congress the payment
of tins claim, because he says he does not tlunk
it is proper for him to do so; but he says it is a
matter directed to the sound discretion of the
Committee on Public Lands, and of Congress.
He does not pretend to say that the money is not
due, and ought not to be paid. Sir, the persons
to whom this money is due are in circumstances
requiring its payment. I submit that the Gov-
ernment is, m ail good conscience, bound to pay
it; and I hope this House will not hesitate to
make the appropriation.
My friend from Tennessee asks me if this work
has been published by order of Congress. It has
facerfordered to be published,after full discussion,
as the honorable gentleman who now occupies
tiie chair will remember; audi ask that this Gov-
ernment shall not now refuse to pay for the work
■winch has been done, and which has received its
sanction, becausc the appropriations already made
have not been sufficient.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have now before me the
law to wluch I referred a few moments ago. Un-
der the third section of the act of 27th September,
1850, an appropriation of $3,500 was made to con-
nect with the land surveys m Oregon a geologi-
cal leconnoi.ssance and exploration. On the
March, lrfai, Di. Evans was directed to proceed
overland to ascertain the general geology of the
country west of the Missouri river, to reconnoiter
for practicable wagon routes leading to Oregon,
&c., and to keep his expenditures within the
limits of the appropriation. On the 3d March,
1853, Congress made two separate appropriations,
194:
one of $11,584 25 for expenses incurred in a geo-
logical reconnoissance in Oregon, and another of
$5,000 for completing that reconnoissance; in-
structing this geologist to completi the service
under that appropriation, and make his final re-
port. He, however, disregarded his instructions,
and proceeded without reference to the means
placed at his disposal. In 1855 Congress made
what it supposed to be another final appropriation
for this work, of $23,560, making the entire amount
appropriated for the work §44,044 25. Dr. Evans
was again peremptorily required to finish his work;
but he went on. nevertheless, and incurred the
additional expenditures which this amendment
proposes to pay. The Committee of Ways and
Means believe the amendment should not be con-
curred m, and have so recommended.
Mr. GROW. I move to increase the appro-
priation twenty-five dollars. If I understand the
facts of this case, they are these: Congress ap-
propriated a certain amountforageologica! survey
of Washington, Oregon, and a portion of Nebras-
ka, or,as stated by the gentleman from Ohio, m the
first placc, for a reconnoisance preparatory to a
survey. Nothing is shown going to prove that
the officer employed exceeded his authority in
making the reconnoisance. Congress again made
another appropriation for the completion of the
survey, and in the last Congress, 1 believe, made
a third appropriation, with a proviso that he
should not exceed that amount.
Mr. SHERMAN. That was six years ago.
The last appropriation was made in 1855.
Mr. GROW. Very well; when the last appio-
priation was made, this proviso was attached to
it. Now, as 1 understand the facts, the Commis-
sioner of the General Laud Office sent a letter to
Dr. Evans instructing him to discontinue the
work, winch reached Washington when he was
in the field making the survey which he whs au-
thorized by law to make. He was out in the
wilderness, away from any line of communica-
tion, where letters did not reach him, sometimes,
within four months after they arrived m the Ter-
ritory. Now, if this be true, and he was author-
ized in the first place to finish the entire work, I
submit that, notwithstanding he has exceeded the
appropriation, Congress is bound to settle his ac-
counts, and not to treat them as a private claim,
while he was acting as a public officer under in-
structions to survey this wilderness country, and
when the work he performed was one of great
value to the country. It gives you the means of
knowing all about the settlements of the country,
and gives information to all departments of the
Government. Now, if the Government ouglitto
pay it as a private claim, I think we ought to pay
it here. { understand no objection is made to it
as a private claim, and it will cost the Govern-
ment no more to pay it now than it will to pay it
hereafter.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I am op-
posed to the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. It appears to me that when-
ever wild lands arc mentioned, there seems to be
a kind of mania for giving money away. The
gentleman says that a letter would not reach this
man for six months. But he has received coun-
termanding orders for four years. And three suc-
cessive Congresses have restrained him within
their appropriations, and ordered him to wait. If
you allow a man, after the appropriation has been
exhausted, after he has been told three times to
wait, after he has been paid three times for the
work actually done, to go on and run up bills
against the Government, you know not where he
will stop. ]f the work has been done without
authority, and lie perseveres and runs the Gov-
ernment m debt, I hope the timq has come when [
a stop will be put to it. .
The amendment offered by Mr. Grow was not |
agreed to. _ i
Mr. BINGHAM. I propose to increase the !
amount twenty dollars. It seems to we that, ;
upon the facts stated here, and not denied by any j
one, if this were a question between private per- i
sons, before a courtof justice, it would bedecided !
in one moment. The Committee of Ways and
Means have made no report upon this subject;
but a report has been made in the Senate; aod,
upon the record contained in that report, it appears
that this individual had no notice that the appro-
priation was exhausted until he had passed over
upon the Pacific coast. It could not have reached
him.
Another thing: though, for the sake of the argu-
ment, admitting that the work has been performed
in violation of the orders of the Government, yet
the Government has accepted the service and
ordered the work to be paid for. They have
availed themselves of the analysis of the soils
and minerals. Will gentlemen say that they will
avail themselves of this sort of service, and yet
will not pay for it?
As evidence that this claim is just, I beg leave
to say to the House, that a private bill for relief
m this case passed the Senate unanimously, was
sent to this House, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and by thatcommitteo unanimously
reported back to the House, during the morning
hour". But that bill could not be put upon its
passage by reason of the rules. These are cir-
cumstances, it seems to me, which ought to oper-
ate upon the minds of gentlemen when they come
to determine whether this claim is just and equi-
table in itself.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I believe it has been
stated here that all this ten thousand and odd
dollars is for the analysis of coals, soils, &e.
That is a misapprehension. By referring to the
books m the Land Office, you will find that upon
the settlement with Dr. Evans they admit a balance
of $3,574 due lum for servants in lus employ, who
formed a part of his corps while engaged in the
performance of these duties.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the committee
i rise, for the purpose of terminating this "debate.
[Cries of "No!" "No!"] Very well, then, let
us have a vote.
The question was taken; and the amendment
of the Senate was not concurred in.
Mr. SHERMAN. The next three or four
amendments relate to the same subject—a loan;
and I suggest that they be acted upon as one
amendment.
No objection being made, the twenty-first,
twenty-second, and twenty-third amendments
were taken up and actcd upon as one amend-
ment.
The amendments were read, as follows:
Twenty-first amendment:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the President of
the United States be, aud he neieby i&, authorized, at any
time within twelve months from the passage or tins act,to
bonow, on the credit of the United States, a sum not ex-
ceeding $2i,UOO,tilKVor so much theieoi a*,in his opinion,
the exigencies or the public seiviee may roquno, to be ap-
plied to the payment ot appropriations made by law and
the balance of tiie Treasury notes uow outstanding, and no
other puipo«e^, in addition to the money icceived, orwiiich
may be icceived, into the Tieasauy Irom other sources:
Provided^ That the proceeds ot the stock to be issued un-
du tins law shall boused only lor the purposes of teim-
buiyiins; the Treasury, tor Tiea>uiy notes redeemed, or tor
the ledemption oi the same: And provided further, That
no stipulation oi contiact shall be made to prevent th<*
I'nited .States Horn leinibursing any smu bonowed under
the authority ol thu> act ;n any time utter the expiration of
five veais from the 1st day of July next, by the United
State™ giving three months' notice, to be published in some
new-pip'i pubhbhed at the i«eat oi Government, of their
loading to do m>; and no contiact shall be made to pre-
vent tir- redemption of the same at any tune after the
expuation of six \ears Irom the said 1st day of July next,
without notice.
Twenty-second amendment:
Sec. a. And be it further,enacted, That ptook shall be
ivutM toi the amount so borrowed, hearing interest not
exceeding six pei centum pei annum; and the Sectemry of
the Ti eustn v be. and w heicb), authored, with the consent
of the Piv*i"d.ir,>t, emw* ceitilieatcrs ot stock to be pre-
pared, winch shhH be i^ued by the Ke^tu, and sealed
with the seal ai tiie Tieu>my lJepmiiru tit, toi the amount
gq Uonuvyed, n  layoi ol the paiue-i lending tin* same, or
ih u aligns, winch ecu dean a nu\ b > trusMeired on the
Uuol^ot tfie Tieasiiiy uuuei 'such leguLUion-- as may be
established b* the ^ecietaiyoi the 'i'hm&Ui) . Provided;
That no eeiuiieate s-h.U! b;' lor a less sum than
#1,000: And p>ondcd en's o, That whenevei lequired, the
tfecietary ot tne 'J leasUiy moy eaur>e coupons ot semi-an-
nual interest pajable thiieun to he attached to thp cei'UiV-
