1202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
Mr. BROWN. I think that would be quite
sufficient for any emergency; but I will suggest
to the Senator that these limitations are generally
construed by the accounting officers to mean that
they shall pay up to your limit. If" you put 011
the provision, they might pay the whole $2,000.
It might not be so much. I am sure it would not
be more than a little over it. The accounting
officers, I warrant the Senator, would be almost
certain to pay the $2,000, if you put that in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I apprehend that the Sec-
retary of War certainly would not allow $2,000,
unless the proof justified it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator from Illinois
will permit me a moment, I will suggest that as
we have no report upon this bill, and really we
all seem somewhat befogged about the facts, it be
passed over informally; it can go back to the com-
mittee, and the facts be ascertained and reported
to us. None of us seem to know exactly what
the bill is and what the amount is.
Mr. IVERSON. I read the facts here in a
printed statement.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understand the Senator
read the facts as reported tohimbyMr. Simmons,
on a conversation with the Secretory of War; but
can the Senator tell us now what amount is in-
volved in the bill ?
Mr. IVERSON. I do not know, and neither
does anybody know, I apprehend, because it de-
pends on items.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I wish to know what the
amount is, what these allowances are, that are to
be made ? In fact, I want information, and I sup-
pose other Senators want it, and for the purpose
of enabling them to vote understandingly on the
bilU Let us pass it over informally, and take it
up next Friday, and the friends of it may then be
able to give us information. I move that we pass
it over informally.
Mr. CLARK. Why not recommit it for a re-
port ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am perfectly willing that
it be recommitted.
Mr. IVERSON. I hope not; because that will
throw it behind.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Well, lot it bo passed over
informally.
Mr. CLARK. I do not wish to put it behind
other bills; but I should like some information on
the subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is 011 the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Illinois. It can be passed over, by com-
mon consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not desire to press
that amendment, if it can be passed over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unanimous
consent, this joint resolution will be passed byjn-
formally.
Mr. BROWN. That does not lose its place on
the Calendar? ["No!"l
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It retains its
place. The joint resolution will be passed over.
thomas maddin.
l'he Senate,as in Committee of the Whole,next
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 49) to con-
firm the title in a certain tract of land, in the State
of Missouri, to the heirs and legal representatives
of Thomas Maddin, deceased. The Committee
on Private Land Claims reported the bill, with an
amendment, to strike out after the enacting clause
of the original bill, and insert in lieu thereof;
That the heirs and legal representatives of Thomas Mad-
din, deceas-cd, late of the State of Mt^ourt, be, and they are
hereby, authorized to enter and purchase, at the price of
$1 25 per acre, a tract of land, containing eight hundred
arpents, or &ix hundied and eighty acres and fifty-six hun-
dredths, surveyed i'or the said Thomas Maddin, m his own
right, as per patent certificate of suivey No. 183J, repoited
to the Genera! Lund Office, by Surveyor General Langham,
as having been surveyed on the 16th day of Maich,' 3818,
and situated on the waters of Joachim creek, in township
forty-one north,„of lange five east, of the fifth principal
meridian,111 the countyof Jeflers on,and State oT Missouri.
Sue. S. Jind be it further enacted, That the Commissioner
of the General Land Office be, and he is hereby, authorized
and directed, upon the entry and payment'aforesaid, to
cause a patent, in due form of law, to he issued to the said
heirs and legal representatives of tiie paid Thomas Maddin,
deceased, in conformity with the description given m pat-
ent certificate No. 92, as issued by Frederick" Bates, then
recorder in the office ofrecoider of land titles in St. Louis,
in the said State of Missouri, bearing date, at his said office,
the 1st day of November, 1822, in which said certificate ref-
erence is made to the said tractof land as having; been con-
firmed to the paid Thomas Maddin, pursuant to'the nets of
Congress respecting claims* to lands in the Territories of
Orleans and Louisiana, and the Territory of Missouri, and
as having been regularly surveyed on the 16th day of March,
1818, and designated on the connected plat of United States
surveys, in the United States surveyor general's office at
St, Louis, Missouri, as No. 1831; and in which said patent
certificate No. 92 it is certified that the said Thomas Mad-
din is entitled to leceive a patent for the said tiactof land,
according to the said patent certificate of survey, as afore-
said, No. 1831: Provided, however, That the right of pre-
emption and purchase herein granted shall cease at the end
of two years fiom the date of the passage of this act, and
that the right and title of the United States in and to said
land shall not be affected nor impaired by virtue of any of
the provisions of this act in the event of the failure of the
said heirs and legal lepresentativos of Thomas Maddin to
avail themselves of said right of preemption and purchase
withm the said period of two yeais.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to theSenate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I see in the original bill
there was a proviso, that the patent when issued
should only operate as a relinquishment of title
on the part of the United States, and not affect
the legal rights of third persons. That is left out
in the amendment. It is a very proper provision
to insert in a bill like this, that directs a patent to
issue.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There is nonobjection to
that provision; but it is not usual in cases where
land is sold. That is the usual proviso in cases
where land is confirmed. The original bill pro-
posed to confirm this title. The Committee on
Private Land Claims, on examining the title, did
not think it was one that ought to be confirmed
gratuitously. They did not think it a good title,
but they thought there was an equity in favor of
the parties from long cultivation and possession,
and that they should have a preemption right—
the right to purchase it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would inquire if there
are any conflicting rights of third parties claiming
the land5
Mr. BENJAMIN". We understand that this
is a case in which these parties have been living
on the land twenty-five or thirty years; but their
title we did not think a good one; the claim is
under an old grant; and we therefore reported a
bill that they might buy it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As between the Govern-
ment and individual, I certainly have no objection
to it, if the rights of no third party are interfered
with. I saw that provision in the original bill,
which 1 think very proper in such bills. I will
not propose any amendment, however.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was road the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, the title of the
bill was amended so as to read: A bill to grant
the right of preemption to a certain tract of land,
in the State of Missouri, to the heirs and legal
representatives of Thomas Maddin, deceased.
adjournment to monday.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
meet on .Monday next.
"executive session.
Mr. MASON. I move to postpone the further
consideration of the Private Calendar for the pur-
pose of proceeding to the consideration of execu-
tive business. I do this in order that we may
complete the business which was left unfinished
yesterday.
Mr. IVERSON. The question of postpone-
ment is debatable. I object to it, and hope the
Senate will not postpone the Private Calendar.
We have only been an hour and a half on it.
The question being put, on a division there
were—ayes 20, noes 11; no quorum voting.
Mr. MASON. There is a quorum present cer-
tainly. I must ask for the yeas and nays on the
motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 1G; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg, Bripht, Ches-
nut, Clay, CHngman, Collamor, Davis, Fitch, Fitzpatriek,
Foot, Green, Gwm, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Ten-
nessee, Lane, Latham, Mason, Nicholson, Pearce, Sebas-
tian, Slidcli, Sumner, Thomson,Toombs, Wigfall, Wilson,
and Yulec—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Chandler, Clark, Crittenden,
Durkee, Foster, Giimes, Hale, Hamlin, Iiarian, Hemphill,
Iversori, King, Ten Eyck, Wade, and Wilkinson—16.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. After some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 1G, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
executive communication.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from W. R.
Drinkard, the acting Secretary of War, trans-
mitting a report of the chief topographical engi-
neer, with its inclosure, communicating the only
information in the Department on the subject of
the resolution of the House of Representatives of
the 16th ultimo, by which " the Secretary of War
is requested to furnish the House of Representa-
tives with copies of any orders which may be on
file in his Department of General Andrew Jackson,
or any officer acting under his directions, or under
the authority of the United States,during the war
with Great Britain of 1812, closing the communi-
cation between the Gulf of Mexico and Missis-
sippi river, by placing obstructions in the Pass
Manchac, to prevent the passage of British troops
and munitions of war through the channel, from
the Gulf to the Mississippi river; also, any other
information in reference to closing said pass, by au-
thority of the Government, which may be on file
in the War Office."
The communication was laidppon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
the Public printing.
Mr. PENDLETON. Task the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following resolu-
tion:
Whereas the chairman of the Committee on Public Print-
ing stated to the House, in debate, on Fiiday, the 9th in-
stant, that the pi ices for composition now allowed by law
aie too laige, and " that with half pay for type-setting, the
profits will be abundant, and more than nilRcicnt ;51 and
wheiea«, by the terms of the le&olution under which the
Printer to this House was elected, the right was reserved
to reduce, at any time, the prices of work to be executed
by hun • Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Printing be in-
stiucted to lepoita bill by which the piices of composition
shall be fixed at one half the amount now allowed by law.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I object to that
resolution. I know that it will lead to discussion
if it comes in. I move that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, on
the special order.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Maine
will hardly object to the resolution if it is made
one of inquiry. Let it go as a resolution of in-
quiry.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. If it will not
lead to debate, I will not object.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let the committee be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of doing
this thing.
Mr. PENDLETON. I prefer that the resolu-
tion should stand as it is.
Mr. HOUSTON. So do I.
Mr. PENDLETON. We have an expression
of opinion by the chairman of the Committee on
Printing, and I take it for granted that it is the
expression of the opinion of the whole committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would prefer that the res-
olution should stand as it is; but if we cannot get
it in that way, I prefer to get it in the best way
we can.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move the previous
question on the resolution.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I object to the
resolution, and it cannot be received except by
unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not before
the House, having been objected to.
printing of extra copies.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask now that
my motion may be put.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire merely to submit a
motion to print extra copies of a communication
made to the House of Representatives, in order
that it may be rgferredto the Committee on Print-
ing. I was not here when the document was com-
municated to the House, having been detained by
sickness. It is the report of Beale upon his wagon
road. I move that five thousand extra copies be
printed.
The motion was referred, under the rules, to the
Committee on Printing.
