182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
mocracy of the South and the Democracy of the
North, in the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska
bill.
At the instigation, at the request, of southern
Senators, and m order to signalize our devotion
to the principles of the compromise of 1850, at the
risk of overwhelming defeat, we struck from the
statute book the Missouri compromise line; and
now, when we have lived down opposition on that
question, when we see that the Republican party
itself dares not, in the northwestern States atleast,
plant itself any longer on the Wilmot proviso
with any hope of stfccess, when we begin to have
vindicated the long service which we have ren-
dered to that principle, we find that some gentle-
men at th6 South, whose convenience it does not
suit, desire to reverse the whole thing, bring the
whole question into Congress, and plunge us into
another excitement. Well, Mr. President, for
one, it is impossible for me, with my convictions
of duty, to subscribe to this doctrine. I cannot,
and I will not at any hazard. I call no gentle-
man in question for his opinion on the subject;
I have not refused to vote for the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Green] to be the chairman of the
Committee on Territories, although 1 know Ins
opinions differ from mine; I have not refused to
vote for any one else; but what I do complain
of is this attempt to set up that test which was
never adopted by the Democratic party in general
convention, and which, in my judgment, never will
be adopted.
Sir, I have detained the Senate a good denl
longer than t intended; but perhaps 1 ought to
make one more remark. These distractions, which
have been provoked without cause, in my judg-
ment, in the Democratic party, have been of the
utmost injury to the Government of the United
States, as well as to the peace of the United
States everywhere. If we can come back to our
old agreement, and standupon ouroldWavs, and
agree to our old faith, and discard all those ques-
tions which are not of sufficient character, in my
opinion, to distract the party, or to be cause of
proscription by the one side or the other, we can
be once more {he proudest, and, in my judgment,
the greatest, political organization that ever ex-
isted m this country, f heard an honorable Sen-
ator from South Carolina say to the Senators on
this side of the Chamber, that tin* "North must
preserve the Union. I say to him, it is for the
South to preserve or to destroy the organization
of the Democratic party.
Mr. President, the, speeches which have been
delivered in this Chamber in the course of the last
two weeks, as well as the temper of proceedings
elsewhere, m the other House of Congress, m the
Legislatures of some of the States, and m assem-
blies ofthe people,ought toadmomshus,inallear-
nestness, that we have fallen upon very evjl times.
Defiance has been given from the South to the
North, and from tin' North to the South; threats
to dismember the Confederacy, and threats to
maintain it by force of arms. I do not question
the sincerity of Senators in what tlmy have said;
I do not censure them; nevertheless, unfashion-
able as the sentiment seems to have become within
the last four or five years, I make bold to declare
it as my sentiment that disunion is no remedy or
palliative to the South or to the North in any
case whatever; that it is the most fatal mischief
to both sections and to each and every State, ex-
cept the dispensation proclaimed by the Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Doomttix| last week,
namely, the appliance of gunpowder and swords
and bayonets and the halter by the people of one
State to the people of another. I uphold and cher-
ish this Union for its own sake—I repeat it, sir,
for its own sake. I believe it to be the best form
of Government, within the States and over them,
most likely to secure their independence and hap-
piness and glory in the future, as it has secured
their independence, their happiness, and their
glory, in the seventy recorded years of its history
—years of peace and war—years of danger within
and peril from without—yearsof dissension, if you
will, dissension between States and sections and
parties—bat, nevertheless, years of unexampled
and matchless achievement m all that can render
nations free and prosperous and magnificent. I
uphold it as a form of Government, containing
within itself a recuperative viitue adequate for the
redress of every mischicf and grievance. While
the States continue to clasp their arms around each
other, and to invoke the memory of the mighty
dead who established them as one Commonwealth,
I feel assured that all infractions of the Constitu-
tion by States or by individuals, all acts of aggres-
sion upon one State or the people of one State, by
the people of another, all acts of unkindncss even,
may be, and at last will be, successfully met.
Other Senators may speculate, as the Senator
from California did, boldly and confidently, as to
the comparative prosperity and resources of the
northern States, or the southern States, when
separated from each other; what would be their
respective facilities for commerce with foreign
countries, for agriculture, for mechanical improve-
ment; but, sir, in my humble apprehension, of all
the gifts which the Union has inclosed, not even
the pale reflex of hope will remain after the sacred
jar shall have been opened, and rashly violated.
America may become the Germany of the New
World, mourning her lost nationality, age upon
age, as one who mourns for the dead; or, per-
chance, another Italy, to seek and strive convul-
sively for centuries to cement, even by the blood
of tyrants, the distracted members of her once
prosperous people Your separate confederacies,
North and South,East and West, have no charms
for me.
Mr. IVERSON. 1 do not propose, air, to reply
to the speech of the Senator from Ohio to-day.
Many of his remarks have been altogether indis-
tinct. Besides, 1 desire toconsultsomedocuments,
which I have not at my hand to-day. I will take
occasion to say, however, totheScnatorfromOluo,
and to the Senate, that 1 will, on some future occa-
sion, with the indulgence of the Senate, respond
to the Senator from Ohio—at least so far rs he has
made remarks applicable to myself; and t think,
it I shall not give up the intention, I will take that
occasion, also, to ventilate—to use a common
phrase of the present day—some ofthe subjects
which he has touched, and other kindred subjects.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I do not intend
to at large into the discussion of the questions
wluch have been brought before the Senate to-day
by the Senator from Ohio. It seems, however,that
one of the principal objects he had in view in
making his speech was to arraign the Democratic
party of California and to bring ihem before the
Senate for trial, for which purpose he adduced
then platform and the joint resolutions of the Le-
gislature of that State. Now, sir, I will say to
the Senator from Ohio, that the Democratic party
m California and their Senators on this floor
who voted for the Kansas-Nebraska bill, intended
by that bill to withdraw the question of slavery
in the Territories from the Halls of Congress, and
to make it a judicial question. That act declared
that the power of the Territorial Legislature over
the subject of slav< ry was to be " subject to the
Constitution of the United States.;1" and it was
distinctly understood that that instrument was to
be interpreted by the judicial tribunals. Now,
when the Senator from Ohio says that any reso-
lutions passed by any portion of the Democratic
party of California that we recognize to be Dem-
ocratic, admits the power of a Territorial Legis-
lature to exclude or establish slavery, before that
question has been decided by the Supreme Court
of the United States, he makes a statement that
cannot be sustained by the record.
Mr. PUGH. The "Senator is setting up a man
of straw for the purpose of knocking him down.
1 say the resolution of 1854 does affirm the right
of a Territory; and I say the Kansas-Nebraska
bill was intended to make it a judicial question.
What 1 complain of is, that you do not allow it
to be a judicial question.
Mr. "GWIN.1 The statement ofthe Senator
was, that the resolution of1854 recognized the right
of a Territorial Legislature to abolish or establish
shuery.
Mr. PUGH. The words will show what it
was.
Mr. GWIN. I say the preamble was a recital
of the bill; and the bill itself expressly says that
the legislative power of the Territory was to be
" subject to the Constitution ofthe United States.;j
That is what was intended at that time to be es-
tablished, or, at least, that was my understanding
of it. I was here, and voted for that bill. The ob-
ject of it was to take the question away from Con-
gress, to leave it to the decision of the judicial tri-
bunals of the countiy, and finally, of the Supreme
Court of the Unitea States. Why did you take
off the restrictions as to the right of appeal from
the territorial courts? It was expressly to bring
the question before the Supreme Court, the final
tribunal, and for it to decidc whether or not the
power existed in a Territorial Legislature to pro-
hibit or to establish, or to maintain and protect
slavery. The resolutions of the Legislature of
California, passed in 1854, express precisely what
the Senators from that State, who voted for the
Kansas-Nebraska bill, intended: and that was, that
the question of slavery in the Territories should
be a judicial question; that if a Territorial Legis-
lature attempted to abolish slavery, and that legis-
lation was overruled by the courts, and decided
by the Supreme Court to be unconstitutional, that
decision should be a final settlement of the ques-
tion, and the power was not again to be attempted
to be exercised.
Now, Mr. President, m regard to the resolution
which was passed by the last Democratic conven-
tion of California, the Senator says he drew itup.
It is a very good resolution, and we could expect
from the Senator nothing else than something very
well prepared. I want to ask the Senator whether
this resolution embodies his sentiments on the
question:
" Rcso?) cd, That the ri'jht of the people of the Territories
to foim all their domestic institutions in their own way, is
absolute and complete."
Mr. PUGH. I say " subject to the Constitu-
tion," it certainly is.
Mr. GWIN. "Well; but without any " subject
to the Constitution?"
Mr. PUGH. The power of a State Legislature
is subject to the Constitution, too.
Mr. GWIN. But without bringing in that
clause, is what I have read the Senator's doctrine ?
Let me read it again:
That the right of the people of the Territoiies to form
ail their domestic institutions m their own way, is absolute
and complete.'1
I want to know if this is his doctrine?
Mr. PUGH. Certainly, I do not admit that any
legislative power of Congress, or of a State gov-
ernment, or of a territoiial government, is with-
out any limit. If there is any thing further to that
resolution, I hope the Senator will read it.
Mr. GWIN. I will read it:
"And that we arc unalterably opposed to any interference
with such light, cither by the legislative or executive de-
partment of the Geneial Government."
Mr. PUGH. I do not think the proper quali-
fications were put there.
Mr. GWIN. Well, sir, that was' the plat-
form 
Mr. PUGH. Certainly, it is none of my plat-
form.
Mr. GWIN. That was the platform adopted
by our opponents m the last canvass in California,
who had heretofore claimed to be Democrats.
Now, I propose to read the resolution on the other
side, which we adopted, and which the Senator
read. The one which I have just read is the plat-
form of the party against which we were contend-
ing in California.
Mr. PUGH. Those who adopted my resolu-
tion were right, and the otheis were wrong.
Mr. GWIN. I am going to show why wc
adopted it. It is on precisely the same principle
that J stated the resolutions of the Legislature of
California were passed, and that was, that the
question of slavery in the Territories should be a
judicial question, and that there was no power in
a Territorial Legislature to settle the question
which was not subject to a revision by the Supreme
Court.
Mr. PUGH. Do I understand the Senator
from California to charge me with having stated
that I believed the legislation of a Territory was
not subject to judicial revision ?
Mr. GWIN. I have been giving an interpre-
tation to the resolutions as I understood them, and
proposed to state the reason why we adopted them.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator is endeavoring to
put himself in antagonism with me; whereas, if I
understand him, I think he is now, at last, on the
right platform.
Mr. GWIN. Very well; I will see whether
the gentleman means by this that a Territorial
Legislature can lawfully, by non-action or hostile
legislation, exclude slavery from a Territory.
Mr. PUGH. I do not care anything about non-
action or unfriendly legislation. It is my opinion
that they can pass a prospective law, not div«st-
