1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1203
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr.FENTOfr. I move to postpone the special
order for one hour.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. That is not in
order. That cannot be done.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order.
Mr. REAGAN. There was a question before
the House when it adjourned last evening. I hope
it will be acted on now.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Maine.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to appeal to the gen-
tleman from Maine to permit me to report a bill
from the Committee for the District of Columbia
this morning, merely for reference. I was not
here when that committee was called. • •
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I will state to
the gentleman from Kentucky, that several appli-
cations of a similar character have been made to
me, and I have felt myself obliged to decline. I
think if we go into the Committee of the Whole
now, we may get through with the rules in an
hour or two, and then gentlemen will have an op-
portunity to make their reports.
Mr. REAGAN. I rise to a question of order.
It will be recollected, that yesterday evening the
question before the House, at its adjournment,
was on the motion of my colleague to refer the
Military Academy bill to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and the motion of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] to refer it to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. I ask if that is not
the first question in order this morning?
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Maine takes precedence, in the opinion
of the Chair.
Mr. REAGAN. I appeal, then, to the gentle-
man from Maine to allow that question to be dis-
posed of.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I must decline.
Mr. TAPPAN. I am opposed to going into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the special order, at this time, and appeal to
the gentleman fiom Maine to allow the morning
hour to be devoted to private business.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Gentlemen will
have the morning hour to-morrow, which is pri-
vate bill day, and we shall expedite business if we
go into the Committee of the Whole nowand finish
the amendment of the rules.
Mr. TAPPAN. To-day is the day set apart
forprivate business. Last Friday was taken up by
a privileged report from the Committee on Print-
ing; and I now think that it would be no more
than right to devote at least one hour to private
business.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. We can do that
to-morrow, which isalsoprivate bill day. Besides,
if we go into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and adopt the amendments of
the rules, it will be the first thing in order to-
morrow, under the amended rules, to devote one
hour to that purpose.
Mr. TAPPAN. I would ask whether, if the
motion of the gentleman from Maine is voted
down, the regular order of business will not be the
call of committees for reports of private business?
The SPEAKER. No, sir; the question will be
on the reference of the Military Academy bill.
Mr. REAGAN. The special order to which
the gentleman from Maine refers, is the special
order in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. The question to which I refer is
the regular order of business m the House; and it
is to the consideration of that that I ask the House
to proceed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Maine to be in order,
and it must be decided by the House.
Mr. TAPPAN. I hope it will be voted down.
AMENDMENT OF THE RULES.
The question was taken on Mr. Washburn's
motion; and it was agreed to
The rules wore accordingly suspended;and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Stanton
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration—as
a special order—of the report of the Committee
on Rules; the pending question being upon the
adoption of the following amendment, reported
by the committee, on which the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Florence] was entitled to
the floor:
Eleventh amendment;
Amend rule 34, by adding at the end thereof the words,
" Provided further, That Use House may, by the vote of a
majority of the members present, at any time alter five mm- i
utcs' debate has taken place upon proposed amendments to
any section of a bill, close all debate upon such section
so that it will read :
No member shall occupy more than one hour in debate
on any question,in the House or in committee; but amcm-
ber reporting the measure und^i consideration from a com-
mittee may open and close the debate: Provided, That
where debate is closed by order of the House, any member
shall be allowed, in committee, five minutes to explain any
amendment he may offer—December 18, 1847—after which
any member who shall first obtain the flooi shall be allowed
to speak five minutes in opposition to it, and tiicre shall be
no luither debate on the amendment; but the same pi ivi-
lege of debate shall be allowed in favor of and against any
amendment that may be offeicd to the amendment; and
neither the amendment nor an amendment to the amend-
ment shall be withdrawn by the mover thereof, unless by
the unanimous consentof the committee—August 1-1,1S50:
Provided fuithcr, That the Ilou^e may, at any time alter
five minutes'debate has taken place upon piopo^ed amend-
ments to any section of a bill, elo^e all debate upon such
section.
Mr. FLORENCE. Mr. Chairman, I was very
much struck yesterday by the reasoning of the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Garnett ;] not the
gentleman from Virginia who referred to my posi-
tion—I will notice him before I take my seat—but
the gentleman who referred to the principle of des-
potism practiced upon this floor, which prevents
the consideration of important questions upon
which we are called to act.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I think the gentlemen who
have jurisdiction of the question of rules, so far as
the consideration of the amendmentnow proposed
is concerned, have lost sight of that feature of re-
form which I think would be most valuable in
this connection, m making no provision to pre-
vent this wide latitude of debate m the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. If this
special committee had reported an amendment, re-
quiring that the chairman of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union shall confine gen-
tlemen strictly to the discussion of the question
under consideration, when appropriation bills, if
you choose, were before the committee, the diffi-
culty would have been avoided; and this wide,
vapid, silly, nonsensical debate—I speak with all
due respect to every gentleman—would be avoided,
and the matter under consideration would receive
full discussion. I think an amendment should be
introduced here by which that object would be
accomplished; and this despotism of the major-
ity, which was so eloquently deprecated by the
gentleman from Virginia, would be avoided, and
we should have that legitimate discussion upon
the matter under consideration which is so much
desired; and the result so much desired by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vallandigjiam,] in
reference to the character of discussion, would be,
to a very great extent, accomplished.
I had no idea that this subject would come up
so soon this morning, and 1 have not examined
the amendment reported by the committee suffi-
ciently to be able to frame an amendment which
shall accomplish the object which I desire; but I
will look it over, and perhaps move an amend-
ment before the committee passes from the con-
sideration of the subject.
Now, sir, one word m reference to the remarks
made yesterday by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Bocock.J The gentleman was very much
surprised at my abandonment of the principles
which he said governed me m the position which
I occupy upon this floor, as the friend of the
widow and orphan, and as the poor man's ad-
vocate.
Mr. Chairman, I do not intend to get off that
platform at all. I stand squarely upon it. It is
true that I did offer a proposition to admit foreign
ministers upon the floor of this House; but I did
it in order to enable me to sustain my position
more completely upon that platform. The reason
why I proposed that these representatives of for-
eign countries should be admitted upon this floor
was, that it might facilitate our business inter-
course with them. The people whom I represent
are an inventive, hard-working, industrious peo-
ple. They frequently suggest propositions, me-
chanical and otherwise, which may be of benefit
to the people of foreign countries. They write
to me upon such subjects, and want me to com-
municate with foreign ministers upon the subject,
that they may have the benefit of introducing their
inventions into foreign countiies, and extending
the advantage of them to the whole world. Now,
sir, I stated yesterday that I frequently have oc-
casion to call on these representatives of foreign
nations, and do not find them at their offices; and
when they come to this House to call upon me
here, they have to stand knocking at these doors
until I come out to see them. It was, therefore,
to enable us to meet business engagements with
these gentlemen, and thus to meet the wants of
my_ constituents, that I made the suggestion which
I did yesterday; and the gentleman will .see that
it was m strict accordance with the position which
he says I occupy as the friend of the working-
man. It was not that I have any love for foreign
ministers particularly; I have no special.love for
foreign ministers, or foreign anything; but I am
for maintaining the domestic relations, and I am
for provoking interest in our domestic and social
relations. I want to cultivate peace and goodwill
with all men, and therefore I am for encouraging
social intercourse with foreign ministers. The
gentleman from Virginia, therefore, will see that
there has been no abandonment, on my part, of
my platform. I stand fairly upon it, and I will
not abandon it.
Mr. COX. • I desire to ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania one question. He says his people
are an industrious people. I have heard itcharged,
that during the recent election it required one hun-
dred men to carry a plank. I ask the gentleman
if that is a specimen of their hard work ? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr.FLORENCE. Yes,sir; ittookahundred
men to carry a plank. I suppose that is one of
the many slanders that are being circulated. But,
sir, I will say that so far as my elforts are con-
cerned, I intend to secure, if I can by honest and
fair means, an appropriation, so that there may
be more planks carried, for we have suffered of
late for the means of carrying on the Govern-
ment business there. I am, therefore, in favor of
providing the means of employing several hun-
dred men to carry a plank—physically, I want
the committee to understand, and not politically.
Mr. REAGAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the committee by adding to the end as
follows:
And that no debate fhall be allowed, either in the House
or in the Committee of the Whole, except on the measure
umh-r ooiiMdciauon, to which debate shall be limited.
Mr. Chairman, I desire to say a word in rela-
tion to that amendment. I am persuaded that its
adoption would work a greater benefit to this na-
tion than the adoption of any measure which has
been presented to this Congress. It has become
a great grievance in this Plouse, that much the
larger portion of our time is consumed in general
debate in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. We are compelled day after day
to listen to discussion in committees which is not
limited to the subject under consideration. These
discussions are in the main confined to ^-question
over which this House has no jurisdiction, with
which it has no rightful concern, and which -does
not amount to debate. Several days or weeks are
spent in the discussion of a general appropriation
bill, and during that whole time, not one word
will be said upon the bill nominally before us for
consideration and action. At last, to get the bill
where it can be considered in fact, and not in
name, where it can be brought to a vote, a motion
is made in the House that further general debate
shall be terminated in perhaps one or two hours.
During that time, of course, the discussion is
strictly confined to the bill itself. Days and
weeks are consumed without any consideration
of the bill, and then we are left only an hour or
two, before the question is taken fiom the Com-
mittee of th'e Whole, for general remarks upon
the merits of the pending proposition, to be fol-
lowed, it is true, by $he five minutes' debate which,
in reality, is the only practical discussion of the
subject. We thus waste the time of the House
in not merely unnecessary, but absolutely inju-
rious debate; injurious not only to the reputation
of this House, but to the interests of the country.
Instead of pertinent remarks upon the pending
question, we are, as you know, Mr. Chairman,
wearied during many days with agitating hour
speeches upon questions with which, as legisla-
tors, we have little or nothing at all to do. It is
to do away with this recognized evil that I ask
the House to adopt the amendment I have pro-
posed.
Mr. Chairman, I am apprised it is considered
