1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
but no reason why the right should not be recog-
nized by the Federal Government as one pos-
sessed equally by every citizen of the United
States.
But the main point of the Senator's argument,
and it deserved to be so, because it is the main
question now in the public mind, was what is the
meaning: of non-intervention. He defined it to be
synonymous with squatter sovereignty or with
popular eovcreignty.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I stated that I had declined
to argue anything but the platform, which was
non-intervention. I did not say they were syn-
onymous. I said the party had approved of
non-intervention—the principle that Congress
should not interfere with the action of the people
of the Tcrritoiies. 1 did not say that non-inter-
vention and iS squatter sovereignty" were syn-
onymous.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 should be sorry to make an
argument against any position which the Senator
does not hold, and therefore I should really be
obliged to him" if ho would tell me what the diffcr-
rence is between non-intervention and squatter
sovereignty.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Regarding squatter sover-
eignty as a nick-name invented by the Senator and
those with whom he acts, which I have never rec-
ognized, I mustleave him to define the meaning of
his own term. I have denounced squatter sover-
eignty where you find it setting up a government
in violation of law, as you donowat Pike's Peak.
I denounced it this year. Where you find an un-
authorized Legislature m violation of law, setting
up a government without the sanction of Con-
gress or the Constitution—that is squatter sov-
ereignty which I oppose. There is the case in
Dakota, where you have left a whole people,
without any law or territorial organization, with
no mode of appeal from their squatter courts
to the United Slates courts to correct their decis-
ions. That is squatter sovereignty m violation
of the Constitution and laws of the United States.
There is a similar government set up over a part
of the State of California, and a part of the Ter-
ritory of Utah, called Nevada, lthas had a Del-
egate here claiming that he represented it. I have
denounced thai as unlawful. 1 am opposed to all
such squatter sovereignty. If that is what the
Senator referred to, 1 am against it. All I say
is, that the people of a Territory, when they
have been organized under the Constitution and
laws, have legislative power overall rightful sub-
jects of legislation consistent with the Constitu-
tion of the United States. That is the language
of the law; and if they exercise legislation on any
subject inconsistent with the Constitution of the
United States, the courts, to whom appeal may he
taken under the laws, will correct their errors.
That is all.
Mr. GW1N. I ask the Senator from Illinois
whether he says that the people of California set
up a squatter sovereignty like that at Pike's Peak ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I state this: I see from the
newspapers, and f. suppose it to be true, that an
organization has been got up in Carson Valley,
called Nevada Territory, and that the people there
have elected a Governor 
Mr. GW1N. That is in Utah Territory.
Mr. DOUGLAS, Yes; but it is said that a
portion of the settlers aie over the line in Califor-
nia, and some of them in Utah. But it matters
not; it does not change the effect, for if it all be
in Utah, it is an act of rebellion against the terri-
torial government established by Congress. That
is the sort of squatter sovereignty I am against.
Air DAVIS. The Senator end myself do not
seem to be getting any nearer together; because
the very thing which he describes constitutes the
only case in winch I would nrimit the necessity
and, consequently, the propriety of the people
acting without uuthonty. If men were castupon
a desert island, the sovereignty of which was
unknown, ignorant as to whose jurisdiction it
belonged to, they would find themselves necessi-
tated to establish ruins which should subsist be-
tween themselves; and so the people of California,
when the Congress failed to give them a govern-
ment; when it refused to enact a territorial form;
when it stood paralyzed by the power ofcontend-
ing factions, and left them there to work their
own unhappy way, had a right—aright growing
out of the necessity of the case—to make rules
fur the government of all their local affairs. But !
this was not sovereignty. This was the exorcise
of a right between man and man, essential to pre-
serve the peace in the absence of any controlling
power; essential to preserve the relations of per-
son and property. The sovereignty, however,
if it existed m any known Government of the
world, remained there still; and whenever that
Government extended its hand over those people,
whether shipwrecked mariners or adventurous
Americans; whether cast off by the sea, or whether
finding their weary way acioss the desert plains
which lie west of the Mississippi; whenever the
hand of the Government holding sovereign juris-
diction was laid upon them, they became subjects;
their sovereignty ceased. And that hand of the
Government is laid upon them at the moment of
the enactment of the organic law. Therefore, the
very point atwhich the Senator begins his sover-
eignty is the point at which the necessity ceases.
But suppose that a Territorial Legislature, act-
ing under an organic law, not defining their mu-
nicipal powers farther than has been general in
such laws, should pass a law to exclude slave prop-
erty, would the Senator vote to repeal it?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will answer. I would not,
because the Democratic party is pledged to non-
intervention; because, furthermore, whether such
an act is constitutional or not is a judicial ques-
tion. If it is unconstitutional, the court will so
decide, and it will be null and void without re-
peal. If it is constitutional, the people have the
right to pass it. If unconstitutional, it is void, and
the court will ascertain the fact; antl we pledged
our honors to abide the decision.
Mr. DAVIS. But if it be a judicial question
from which we have abstained, in order that it
might be decided by the court, how is itthat Con-
gress confers power on the Territorial Legislature
to settle it in advance of the judicial decision?
Mr. DOUGLAS. The judicial decision can
never arise until the statute lias been enacted, and
a case has been brought into the court under the
statute, and appealed to the Supreme Court of the
United States. You can nevei have a judicial de-
cision of the authority of a Territorial Legislature
until the Legislature has acted by the enactment
of a law, and a case has arisen in the courts under
that law.
Mr. DAVIS. But that is not the point. A case
arises under the Constitution and laws of the United
States. A mangoes to a Territory, claiming from
the Constitution and laws of the United States the
right to take his property there; and that right is
intervened against by the Territorial Legislature.
Then, in advance of the judicial decision upon
his right as it stood before the Congress when
they enacted the law, and declared theirroadiness
to leave if to the court, the Territorial Legislature
intervene to destroy the very right which it was
agreed should be the subject of judicial decision.
That is what I ask the Senator if he would vote
to repeal.
Mr. DOUGLAS. My answer to that is this:
if the intervention by the Territorial Legislature
be unconstitutional, the court never can take cog-
nizance of that fact until the Territorial Legisla-
ture has acted. That is the only time when the
question can arise. If they never act hostile to
the institution, no question can arise under their
action which has never taken place.
Mr. DAVIS. A question may arise outside of
their action under the Constitution and laws of
the Unitid States. That was the ease I put.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then the elaimantmust take
his remedy under the Constitutions and laws of
the United Slates; but it does not touch the ques-
tion 1 have discussed.
Mr. DAVIS. That is to say, the Senator will
allow the Territorial Legislatures to pass laws
against ibis constitutional right, and not allow
Congress to pass laws in its favor.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Myansweris, thatthe Dem-
ocratic party has pledged itself to non-interven-
tion by Congress with slavery in the States or
Temtones. "in the language of the .Senator be-
fore me. [Mr. Benjamin,] that was to be a for-
bidden subject; the flaming swoid was to guard
the entrance to it.
Mr. DAVIS. If it will not embarrass the Sen-
ator, I would ask him if, as chief Executive of the
United Slates, he would sign a bill to protect slave
property in State, Territory, or District of Co-
lumbia—an act of Congress.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It will be time enough for
me, or any other man, to say_ what bills he will'
sign, when he is in a position to exercise the
power.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator has a right to make
me that answer. Lwas only leading on to ;a fair
understanding of the Senator and myself about
non-intervention.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not choose to begin to
catechise the Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. DAVIS, I shall not ask you* a question .
further than you wish to answer; certainly not.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator can ask all
questions he pleases, and I shall answer them
when I please; but I was going to say that I do
not recognize the right to catechise me in this
way. The Senator has no right to do it, after
sneering at mv pretensions to the place which he
assumes that 1 desire to occupy.
Mr. DAVIS. It was not that I thought the
Senator was on the high road to that place.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If he did not think so, he
had no right to predicate an opinion upon it. He
had no right to suppose that I thought so* until I
said so.
Mr. DAVIS. I grant the Senator the right not
to answer the question, though it seemed to me
to be leading very directly up to an exact under-
standing between us as to what he meant by non-
intervention. I, however, will not press that, or
any other question, against his wishes.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 will teil you what I mean
by non-intervention. I mean whafthe Demo-
cratic party has pledged itself to by a unanimous
vote, that Congress will not interfere with slavery
in the States or Territories, except in the single
case of the rendition of fugitive slaves. The sub-
ject, in the language of the Georgia resolutions,
is to be banished from the Halls of Congress for-
ever, remanded to the Territories to do as they
please, so that they do not violate the Constitu-
tion; and if they do violate that instrument, the
courts will pronounce their enactments v®id,and
the whole power of the Government must be ex-
cited to carry the judicial decree into effect.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 am not authorized to ask the
Senator another question, though he constantly
suggests an inquiry because hisansweris not such
as to render mc quite sure of what he means; as,
for instance, when he speaks of no other law than
the fugitive slave law, it would suggest that he
considered slavery to be the creation of local gov-
ernment, and to have no existence ugder our Con-
stitution outside of the States, the laws of which
declared it to be property.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I did not say a word about
the fugitive slave law. Isaid 44 except in the sin-
gle case of the rendition of fugitive slaves.''
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose there is a law to return
them.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes; and the Constitution,
too.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, if, then, the inhabitants
of a Territory pass a law in violation of the Con
stitution or the law—I take the teims conformable
to the Senator's view, as he pleases—and the ques-
tion should arise whether those territorial inhabi-
tants, in the plenary power of legislation conceded
to them, could paralyze the arm of the Federal
Government in the execution of such a fugitive
slave law within the limits of the Territory, the
question would arise, whether Congress should
intervene and set their legislation aside or not;
and if Congress may not so intervene, then it fol-
lows that, through some slow process of judicial
legislation, we are at last to reach that protection
fur property in the Territories which it is the
bounden duty of this Government to give, and
which it was instituted to perform.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will state to the Senator
that the case he now puts is the precise exception
I made; for I said that wc should not interfere,
except in the case of the rendition of fugitive
slaves. I have always said, and I now say, if
the existing fugitive slave law is not sufficient to
perform every obligation that can possibly arise
under the Constitution in thatrcgard, 1 will amend
it, so as to maktt it sufficient, whenever the defi-
ciency is pointed out. I will supply all legisla-
tion that may ever be necessary to perform all our
duties under the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. DAVIS. I am very much obliged to the
Senator for his patriotic declaration; but he does
not meet the question. It is whether, if a Terri-
torial Legislature enacted a law to embarrass the
