184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
Mr. GWIN. I have asserted, in all kindness,
that the Senator from Ohio and the Senator from
Illinois are the only two Senators who entertain
those opinions. If I am mistaken, they can cor-
rect me.
Mr. PUGH. I do not presume to speak of
others*, but I say, I have looked at the record, arid
I think that the Senator from California will find,
if he makes that assertion, that he will have as
much trouble in explaining his rccord as he had
in explaining the California platform.
Mr. GWIN. I have not had the slightest trou-
ble at all; and the Senator cannot trouble me in
regard to the record in California, for it is a very
straight one, and we have verified our record at
the polls. 1 am sorry the Senator did not do the
same in his own State. We lia\ e met the enemy
and conquered them. That is die way to make
a record. But, Mr. President, so far as 1 am con-
cerned, this question is one that I never intended
to make a matter of discussion. During the dis-
cussion of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, I never said
a word. I never said a word during the last ses-
sion, when the subject was discussed, except when
I knew 1 had to make an issue at home on the
question; and then I said but a few words, occu-
pying a few minutes. I stood by them, and fought
for tliem, and fought successfully — and why?
It is because the question of slavery is a great
distance removed from the State which I have
the honor, in part, to represent. There is. not a
slave within two thousand miles of us; and we do
not wish to touch this question, at least such has
been my action, unless it is to maintain the con-
stitutional rights of every section of the Confed-
eracy. We do not desire to mingle this exciting
question of slavery with any of the issues we have
on that coast, if it can be avoided.
I have never gone further than to make this
statement: that, in my judgment, the question
ought to be left to the judicial tribunals of the
country, and, as much as possible, taken out of
the political arena, not only in Congress, but
throughout the country. It is well known that,
until withm the last twelve months, wo man m
this country, who has been m public position, has
had less to do with this question than myself. I
never spoke on it. at all in the Senate, and never in-
tended to do so, until an issue was presented in this
body between the Senator from my State,and wc
had to go before the people. I never intended to
allude to the subject in the Senate again,under any
circumstances at all; and I should not have done
so to-day if the Senator had not directly brought
up my remarks and my State. If the Senator had
inchulcd all that I said at Grass Valley, I would
not have said a word. ■ 1 think that is a pretty
good answer to all his speech that refers to my
connection with the matter; and I want it to be
understood now, that I do not intend to speak on
this question unless I amfoiccd to do so. I main-
tain that the only position that ever was taken by
the California Democracy was, that this was a
judicial question, entirely to be removed from the
rlalls of Congress; and, whenever the question
was brought before the judicial tribunals, the
power should be given to carry their decision into
full effect.
Mr. PUGH. Did not the Senator understand
the Senator from Illinois to maintain that doctrine
here in debate ?
Mr, GWIN. No, sir; I did not. I understood
him to state that now the power existed and could
lawfully be exercised by the Territorial Legisla-
ture, and was conferred by the Kansas-Nebraska
bill,' to exclude slavery by non-action and un-
friendly legislation.
Mr. PUGH. I appeal to all Senators and the
record, that that was the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, and the very proposition of
which the Senator from California said, if that
was the meaning of the Kansas-Nebraska bill,
he would not have voted for it.
Mr. GWIN. What was the proposition ?
Mr. PUGH. The Senatorfrom Illinois asserted
over and over again—more than twenty times—
in that debate, m February last, that he under-
stood that question to be a judicial question, to
be determined by the judiciary, and that Con-
gress was not to interfere with it. That was his
construction of the Kansas-Nebraska act, as
avowed in that debate. When the Senator from
California rose, after the Senator from Illinois had
finished his remarks, and said that if that was the
construction of the bill he would never have voted
for it, I confess I was astonished. Now, it tu$ns
out that the very construction which the Senator
denounced when it came from the lips of the
Senator from Illinois, he now affirms himself.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator is a very good tac-
tician, and very skillful at the bar, no doubt, in
replying backwards and forwards on legdl ques-
tions. I do not pretend to any such skill; hot i
say this: that the position which the Senator ■
from Illinois took was that the Kansas-Nebraska
bill conferred a legal power upon a Territorial
Legislature to exclude slavery by non-action or
; hostile legislation.
Mr. PUGH. That was his private opinion.
Mr. GWIN. Private—ah, very private, in- :
deed, when he staled that he had avowed that
doctrine in one hundred and twenty speeches, and
that he was elected to the Senate upon it, and that
that was the interpretation he put on the Kansas-
Nebraska bill! I said that if he had avowed that
interpretation of the bill at the time it was under
discussion, I never should have voted for it. Now
the Senator says, I have merely agreed to every-
thing the Senator from Illinois says. Have I
ever agreed to that interpretation of that bill ? 1
stated then that if he had explained to the Senate
that he meant by the bill what he said at Free-
port, I never should have voted for the bill. That
is what I stated, and I repeat it now.
Mr. HALE. I simply rise to express the hope
that this question of order has been so elucidated
by the remarks which have been made, [laughter,]
that the Chair feels competent to decide it without
any further discussion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire restate his question of
order?
Mr. HALE. The question of order I raised
when thirs matter was introduced, which I sup-
pose the Senator from California and the Senator
from Ohio have been discussing, [laughter,] is this:
whether legislative matter may be introduced to
the consideration of the Senate in this stage of the
session? It has been my lot to be here on two
similar occasions in time past, once about ten
years ago and once about four years ago, and I
understood the Senate on both these occasions to
come to the conclusion—I do not know whether
it was done by formal resolution or by general
understanding; there arc older Senators here than
1 am, who can say how that was—but I under-
stand the practice to have been, on both of those
occasions, that the Senate would not entertain
legislative business until they were advised of the
organization of the other branch of the Legisla-
ture. If I am mistaken in that, I can be corrected;
If not, I think we had better adhere to the system
that has been adopted on the two former occa-
sions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair was
here on one of those occasions, and was not aware
of such a practice. He is willing to be advised
on that point by any member of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I wish the Senator from Virginia
would state his experience. He was hereon both
those occasions.
Mr. MASON. I have not heard the resolution
on which the debate has taken place Will the
Secretary read the resolution?
Mr. IIALE. It is a legislative resolution. It
looks to legislation.
Mr. MASON. Let the resolution be read.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President 
Mr. LANE. Before that question is decided,
I should be obliged to the Senator from New
Hampshire if he would withdraw his point of
order until I can submit a question to the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. HALE. I will withdraw for anything.
■The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator withdraw his appeal ?
Mr. HALE. I did not make an appeal. I
will withdraw anything—anything that the Sen-
ator from Oregon wants. [Laughter.]
Mr. LANE. I was unfortunate, Mr. President,
in not hearing the point which was submitted by
the Senator from Ohio in the course of his speech to
the northern Democratic Senators. 1 noticed that
the Senator from Minnesota rose and responded,
but I did not hear what was the question submit-
ted.
Mr. PUGH. The question which I proposed.
referring to the statement contained in the speech
of the Senator from California, at Grass Valley,
was, whether the other Democratic Senators from
the non-slaveholding States held the position that
any man who entertains Judge Douglas's opin-
ions or min'e, for they essentially differ in some
things, as to the power of a Territorial Legisla-
ture, was unfit to sit at the head of the Committee
on Territories, or to be received into the ranks of
the Democratic party—whether it was a cause of
exclusion ?
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, I desire to say to
the Senator that it is not my purpose to prescribe
rules or a platform of principles for the Democratic
party. I had nothing to do with displacing Judge
Douglas from his position as chairman of the
Committee on Territories; but 1 will say to my
friend from Ohio, that I have very great respect
for him, and that I have no doubt there are many
good Democrats in the northern States who do
not agree with me upon the territorial question.
I would not say that any one of them who dis-
agrees with me, and holds different principles on
that point, is not a good Democrat; nor do I pre-
tend to say that the fact, that Judge Douglas
holds the views or opinions he does on this point,
would have been a good reason with me for op-
posing his election to the chairmanship of the
Committee on Territories. He had been displaced
before I became a member of this body; it was
done by Democratic Senators, whose devotion to
the Constitution, the Union, and the rights of the
States, no man will undertake to gainsay.
While I am up, Mr. President, I will say that
I have my views, m relation to the territorial ques-
tion, and I am sorry to find that they differ very
materially from those of my friend from Ohio;
but I am sure he is a good Democrat. There is
no doubt about that; and I know I am a good
Democrat. Then, sir, how can I undertake to
say that gentlemen, differing m opinion on the
territorial question, shall not act together as Demo-
crats, when the salvation of our country depends
upon the success of the Democratic parly? I
think that the principles of the Democratic party
are the true principles of this Government, and
they must be maintained, they cannot be com-
promised. Seeing and feeling, as I do, the im-
portance of union, on the part of Democrats, on
all great questions, I would not rule out any mem-
ber of that party because he did not feel as I do,
in relation to territorial matters. I have great
respect for Judge Douglas ; I believe him to be a
Democrat; but I have a right to differ even from
him, and I do differ in opinion from Judge Doug-
las, and also from my friend from Ohio, in regard
to the power of the people in the Territories. 1
hold that the territory of the country is the com-
mon property of the whole country, that the people
of every State of this Union have equal rights in
the Territories, and that while they remain in a
territorial condition, the inhabitants cannot, by
unfriendly legislation, or by a system of unequal
taxation, debar the people of any State from ad-
mision there; or in other words, that they cannot,
by legislation, infringe on the rights of the people
of any State. But let me give an illustration; 1
hope the Senate will allow me to make a case.
Application has been made to Congress, duung
the last two or three years, for the organization
of a territorial government m Arizona. Arizona
is in the southern portion of our country. Tlx;
climate is warm: the soil is adapted to the pro-
duction of cotton; it is rich in mineral resore-ets,
I have no doubt that slave labor could be us<'d to
advantage in Arizona. I believe it could be prof-
itably used there for the production of cotton. I
saw the cotton-fields on the Gila in the winter of
1848; I picked the cotton out of the bolls, exam-
ined its quality and texture, and found it to be
fine. Cotton can be grown and produced there in
abundance. Besides the cotton, slave labor could
be used profitably in the mines of that region, and
in agricultural pursuits. That being the cas'-4, rep-
resenting, as I do, a northern State, elected by the
Democracy of a northern State, I could not for
one moment consent that the people of the South
should rush out there as soon as a territorial gov-
ernment was organized, get possession of the
Legislature, and, by a system of unfriendly legis-
lation or unequal taxation* undertake to keep the
people of the North out of that Territory. We
would not submit to it at all; we would say at once
they have no right to pass «ur.h laws: and I be-
