2148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
operation of this congressional fugitive slave law,
he would vote to repeal that territorial enactment
or not.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Supreme Court of the
United States has pronounced, and will again pro-
nounce. all such State or territorial legislation
void; and hence, it will never be necessary for
Congress to interfere. But again I say, you can
have, with my concurrence, all the legislation
necessary for the rendition of fugitive slaves in
States, Territories or anywhere else where our
flag waves.
Mr. DAVIS. When the Congress of the United
States by its organic act gave to the inhabitants
of Kansas powers of legislation over all subjects,
and especially'over the question of who should
have the right to vote; the qualification of electors;
and when m the exercise of that delegated power
the Legislature of Kansas went beyond the limits
of propriety and justice in the tests which they
applied to individuals who might offer to vote, I
think the Senator concurred in the annulment of
that law.
Mr. DOUGLAS. No, sir; but I will answer
after you get through.
Mr. DAVIS. Do you say you did not concur
in the annulment?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I annulled no law. I con-
curred in the annulment of no law.
Mr. DAVIS. I know there was a difficulty
about changing the organic act. The Senator
from Oluo [Mr. Pitch] proposed it. Changing
the organic act, 1 think, was the technical answer
which was made on a former occasion; but the
question, and the only question, in which we are
interested is, did the law stand, or was the law
annulled by the action of Congress?
Mr. PUGH.. The Senator does not say that
that law was abrogated by Congress
Mr. DAVIS. { mean so far as the action of
the Senate was concerned.
Mr. PUGL-J. It was abrogated by the action
of the Legislature of Kansas.
Mr. DAVIS. I spoke of the action of the Sen-
ate—not the other House.
Mr. PUGH. If the Senator wants that text,
he can have it.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not know that 1 shall just
ut this moment stop to inform the Senator the
size of my half bushel.——
Mr. PUGH. I was going to ask the Senator
what he rneanj. a little while ago on the subject of
protection, what protection he wants? Is it an
organic law; or clot's he want us to revise the
Kansas statutes? It is a very simple matter.
Let us know the manner and extent of protec-
tion.
Mr. DAVIS. I think it will be found thatnon-
intei venrion is a shadowy, unsubstantial doctrine
in the minds of the gentlemen, which has its ap-
plication according to the circumstances! of the
case. It ceased to apply when it was necessary,
to annul an act in Ivnnsna m relation to the polit-
ical rights of the inhabitants. It had no applica-
tion when it was necessary to declare that the old
French laws should not be levived in the Terri-
tory of Kansas after the repeal ot the Missouri
compromise; but it rose, an insurmountable bar-
rier, when we proposed to a weep away the Mex-
ican laws, and leave the Constitution and iawy of
the United States unfettered m their operation in
the Territory acquired from Mexico. It thus seems
to have a constantly varying application, and as
J have not yet reached a good definition, one
which quite satisfies rne, I niiiKt take it as I find
it in the Senatoi 'a speech, m which he says Ala-
bama asserted the doctrine of non-intervention in
1856. The Alabama resolutions of I8f>(5 asserted
the right to protection, and the duty of the Fed-
eral Government to give it. So, if he stands upon
the resolutions of Alabama m 3rt5G, non-interven-
tion is very good doctrine, and exactly agrees
with what i believe it ought to be—no assumption
by the Federal Government of any powers over
the municipal territorial governments which is
not necessary for the protection of life, liberty, or
property; that the Federal Government's hand
shall be laid as lightly as possible upon any ter-
ritorial community; that its laws shall be limited
to the necessities ot each case; that it shall leave
the inhabitants as unfettered in the determination
of their own local legislation as the rights of the
people of the States will permit,, and the duty of
the Govnmnoem wit 1 allow. But when non-inter-
vention is pressed to the point of paralyzing the
arm of the Federal Government for its one great
function of protection, then I submit it is a doc-
trine which we denounce, which we call squatter
sovereignty, turning over to the inhabitants a
sovereignty which does not belong to them, and
divesting the Federal Government ofa duty -which
the Constitution requires it to perform.
To show that this view is not new, that it does
not rest singly on the resolutions of Alabama, I
will refer to a subject, the discussion of which
has already been quoted in this debate—the Ore-
gon bill. During the discussion of the Oregon
bill, I offered an amendment which I will read:
it was offered in the Senate, June 23, 1848:
"Provided, That nothing contained in this; aet shall be
so constiued as to authorize the prohibition of domestic
slavery in said Territory, whilst it remains m the condition
ol a Terntoiy oi"the United States."
Upon this I will cite the authority of Mr. Cal-
houn.
Mr. WIGFALL read, as follows, from Mr.
..Calhoun's speech on the Oregon bill, June ^7,
1848:
'■The twelfth «cctlon of this bill Is intended to a^crt and
maintain this demand of the non-slaveholding States, wlnle
it lcmaina u Teiritory, not openly or directly, hut indi-
rectly, by extending the provisions of the bill lor the estab-
lishment of the low«i Territory to thin.and by riuiiying the
acts of the informal and self-constituted government of
Oregon, which, amous others, contains «nif prohibiting the
introduction of slavery. It thus, m icant}, adopts what is
called the Wilmot proviso, not only loi Oiegou, <)nr,a>4 the
bill now stands, lor Now Mexico and California. The
amendment, on the contrary, moved by the Senator from
Mississippi near me, [Mr. Davis,] is intended to assert and
maintain the position ot The slaveliolding States. It leaves
ttie Territory liee and open to all the citizens of the Uni-
ted States, and would ovetrule, it adopted, the aet of the
self-constituted Territory ot Oregon and the twelfth sec-
tion, as far as it relates to the subject undei consideiation.
We J lave thus fairly presented the qiouiuk taken by the
non-slavoholdin? and the slavehokhng States, or, as I shall
call them lor the salce of brevity, the northern and southei n
States, in their whole extent, tor discussion."—Jlppendix
to Congressional Globe, Thirtieth Congress, first session, p.
8(58.
Mr. DAVIS. I will quote also one of the
speeches which he made near the close of his life,
at a time when he was so far wanted by disease
that it was necessary for him to ask the Senator
from Virginia, who sits before me, [Mr. Mason,]
to read the speech he was unable to deliver; when
he came to this Chamber standing on the confines
of death; and one day afterwards he rose, and,
his heart failing in its functions, his voice faltered,
and lie erroneously thought lie was oppressed by
the weight of his overcoat. True to his devotion
to the principles he had always advocated, cling-
ing in the last hour of his life to the duty to main-
tain the rights of his constituents, still he was
here, and his honored, though feeble, voice was
again raised for the maintenance of the great
principles to which his life had been devoted. 1
ask my friend to read from that lust speech.
Mr. WIGFALL read, as follows:
" The plan of the Administration cannot save the Union,
because it can have no effect whatever, tovvauH s-ntisiying
the States compo-sin^ the southern section of the Union,
that they can, consistently with sututy and honor, ionium
in the Union. It is, m tact, hut a modification of the \Vil-
niot proviso. It proposes to ctiect the simc object—to ex-
clude the Southhom all teuitoiy acqunod by the .Mexican
tieaty. [t is well known that the South i> united against
the Wilmot proviso, anil 1j;>h committed itself by solemn
resolution-?, io should it he adopted. Its opposition
U not to the name, but that winch it yroposa to e'Jett. That,
the .southern States hold to he unconstitutional, unjust, in-
conMbient w ith then equality as uienibet.s ot Uie common
Union, and calculated to destroy iirctnevably the equilib-
rium between the two sections. These objections equally
apply to what, for bievity, i will call the executive proviso.
Theie is «i0 difleienee between it and the Wilmot, < xcept
in the mode ot effecting the object; and m that respect, 1
must say, that the lattei is much the least objectionable. It
goes to its object openly, boldly, and distinctly, it claims
lor Congie.sb unlimited powei ov( r the Terr itoi ies, and pio
po-.es to asseit it over the Tcrutoriea acquired fiom Mex-
ico, by a positive piohibition ofslaveiy. Not so the exec-
utive pioviso. It takes an induect cou^e, and in oider to
elude the Wilmot proviso, and therob) avoid ciieouutcung
the united and d'-teimined resistance <>J the South, it de-
my;-, by implication, the aurnoiity of Congress to legislate
lor the Temtoues, and claims the ii;iht as belonging ex-
clusively to the inhabitant's of the Ten itoruN. Hut to effect
the object ot excluding the South, it takes caie, m the mean
time, to let in emigiunts lieely'uom the noitheiu States
and all other quaiters, except fiom the .South, which it
takes special care to exclude by holding up to tnem the
danger of having their slaves liberated under the Mexican
laws. The necessaiy consequence is to exclude the South
fiom the Teiiitoij, just a-- eifectuailv as would the Wdmot
proviso, The only dilleience m this lopeet i , that wh.u
one ptoposfa to cjl'oct directly and openly, tlie other pio-
poses to eifeei ijjdi.yctly anil coveitly.
•< But the eveeiuivt' pfovNo j., m('mi objectionable than
the Wilmot, in another and more important particular. The
latter, to effect its object, inflicts a dangerous wound upon
the Constitution, by depiiving the southern States, adjoint
partners and owners of the Temtories, of their lights in
thein ; but it inflicts no greater wound than is absolutely
necessary to effect its object. The former, on the contrary,
wlnle it inflicts the same wound, mlitcts other* tqnally
great, and, if possible, greater, as I shall next proceed to
explain.
"• In claiming the right for the inhabitants, instead of Con-
gress, to legislate for the Territories, the executive proviso
assumes that the sovereignty over the Temtories is vested
in the former, or to express it in the language used in a res-
olution ollered by one of the Senatois from Texas, (General
Houston, now absent,) they have ' the same mheient right
of seit-government as the people in the States.5 The as-
sumption is utteily unfounded, unconstitutional, without
example, and contrary to the entire ptaetieo of the Govern-
ment, from its commencement to the present time, as I
shall proceed to show.5'—CulhouiSs Works, vol. 4, p 502.
Mr. DAVIS. Going still further back to the
time when this question arose m 1820, sparing the
Senate the reading of extracts, I would merely
refer to the opinion of Nathaniel Macon, by many
considered the wisest man of his day. In arguing
against the Missouri compromise, as it was called
—the attempt by Congress to prescribe that slaves
might or might not be held—the paralysis of the
Federal Government north of a certain point, or
the exercise of usurped power by an act of inhi-
bition, Mr. Macon said our true policy was that
which had thus far guided the country in safety:
the policy of non-intervention. By non-interven-
tion he meant the absence of hostile legislation,
not the absence of governmental protection.
But the Senator from Illinois, referring to the
acts of 1850, assumes that they meant no legisla-
tion in relation to slave property; whilst in the face
of that declaration stand the Jaws enacted in that
year, and the promise of another law which has
never been enacted—laws directed to the question
of slavery, on the question of slavery, and even
declaring in certain contingencies the emancipa-
tion of a slave in the District of Columbia. If
such legislation meant no action upon the ques-
tion; if there wassuch an opinion prevailing, what
does the legislation mean? Was it non-action?
Be it remembered, the resolution of the Cincinnati
platform says, "non-interference by Congress
with slavery in State and Territory, or in the Dis-
trict of Columbia." They arc all upon the same
footing.
Again, he said that the Badger amendment was
a declaration of no protection to slave property.
The Badger amendment, as it reads, as I suppose
it must have been meant, declares that the repeal
of the Missouri compromise shall not revive the
laws or usages which preexisted that compromise;
and the history of the times, so far as I under-
stand it, is that it intended to assure those gentle-
men who feared that the laws of France would
be revived in the Territories of Kansas and Ne-
braska, and that they would be held responsible
for having, by congressional act, established sla-
very. The southern men did not desire Congress
to establish slavery. It has been our uniform dec-
laration that we denied the power of the Federal
Government either to establish or prohibit it; that
we claimed for it protection for our property, and
we claimed the right, with our property, to go
everywhere where the jurisdiction of the United
States is exclusive. We claim that the Constitu-
tion of the United States, in recognizing this prop-
erty, making it the basis of representation, put it
not upon the footing which it holds between dis-
tinct nations, but upon the footing which it held
under the league, the Confederation, or Union of
the States; that it had the right to go, and the
manner in which it should go"belonged to Con-
gress, under the delegated grant to regulate com-
merce between the States; that it did not belong to
a State to prohibit transit, and the Constitution
has specially said that they cannot, by any regu-
lation, change the character of master and slave
in the case of a fugitive. It was not, then, ac-
cording to my view, the surrender of the right to
protection—the woid "protecting"in thatamend-
ment referring to laws which preexisted; laws
which it was not designed by the Democratic
party io revive when they declared the repeal of
the Missouri compromise.
In language of beautiful compliment the Sena-
tor yesterday referred to Mr. Alexander H. Ste-
phens, whose letter he claimed sustained his con-
struction of the Kansas-Nebraska bill. I have
to-day had an extract read from that letter, which
I think refutes his construction. But if Mr.
Stephens be good authority in the one case, he is
