1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
12m
to disrupt the bonds of tho Union and to destroy
the Union itself, than anything that has over been
done 111 the Congress of this country. That is
the very evil I desire to avoid, and to confine our
debates to questions that are connected with prac-
tical administrative questions, and to prevent the
publication of pabulum for the destruction of the
Union.
Mr. FLORENCE. There is a proposition to
amend here which I did not see when I made the
remarks I did; 1 had intended to offer an amend-
ment, to come in here, that no member shall oc-
cupy more than one hour in debate on any question,
either in the House or in committee, and which
debate must be confined to the subject immediately
under consideration in the appropriation bills.
Mr. "WASHBURN, of Maine. That is already
provided for. _ ^
Mr. FLORENCE. I understand that this
whole purpose can be attained by an amendment
to the 34th rule, by making the appropriation bills
the special orders, and the majority of the House
can always control it.
The question was taken upon the amendment
of Mr. Re \ can; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. JONES. I move to amend the amendment
by striking out all that part of the eleventh amend-
ment which limits debate to one hour.
Mr. "WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to a point
of order upon that amendment.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. That is not the
same question which was acted on yesterday.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The same
question was voted down yesterday.
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. My proposition
yesterday, in reference to this hour rule, was ac-
companied by a limitation.
Mr. JONES. I do not desire to discuss this
hour rule. It was fully and ably discussed yes-
terday. I merely desire to test the sense of the
House.
Mr. "WASHBURN, of Maine. The question
was tested yesterday, and therefore I insist upon
my point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
point of order is very well taken. The Chair
docs not very well see how that amendment can
be made intelligible in connection with, or by in-
corporation into, the section. It does not propose
to strike out any line or clause. The Chair sup-
poses it is not in order, inasmuch as it does not
propose any specific modification or amendment.
Mr. JONES. I will modify the amendment,
and move to strike out the words " no member
shall occupy more than one hour in debate on
any question in the House or in committee."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to amend by in-
serting, after the word " committee," the words
"all debate must be confined to the subject mat-
ter under consideration in the appropriation bills."
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. There is no ne-
cessity for that amendment, for if we adopt the
thirty-second amendment debate will not be in
order 011 appropriation bills whenever they are
made a special order, and it is competent for a
majoi ity of the House to make appropriation bills
the special order at any time.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Twelfth amendment:
Amend 1 ule 42, by inserting after the word " commenced,"
In tiie fifth line, the words " and before the mam question
is ordered to be put;" so that it will read:
Every member who shall be in the House when the ques-
tion is put shall give his vote, unless the House shall ex-
cuse Mm. Ait motions to excuse a member from voting
shall be made before the House divides, or before the call
of the yeas and nays is commenccd, and before the main
question is ordei ed to he put; and the question shall then
he taken without debate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thirteenth amendment:
Amend rule. 50, by striking out all after " January 14,
1840," in the tenth lme, and inserting in lieu thereof the
following: u but its only effect, if a motion to postpone is
pending, shall be to biing the House to a vote upon such
motion. Whenever tile House shall refuse to older the
main question, the consideration of the subject shall be re-
sumed as though no motion for the previous question had
been made. A cnll ot the House shall not be in order after
the previous question is seconded, unless it shali appear,
upon an actual count by the Speaker, that 110 quotum i.s
presentso that it will read:
The previous question shall he in this form : " Shall the
mam question be now putIt shall only be admitted when
demanded by a majority of the members present; and iu
ciTcct shall 1)0 to put an end to all debate, and to bring the
House to a direct vote upon a motion to commit, if sueli
motion shall have been made; and if this motion dsesnot
prevail, then upon amendments reported by a committee
if any; then upon pending amendments, and then upon the
main question; but its only effect, if a motion to postpone
is pending, shall be to bring the House to a vote upon such
motion. Whenever the House shall refuse to order the
main question, the consideration of the subject shall be re-
sumed as though no motion for the previous question had
been made. A call of the House shall not be in order after
the previous question is seconded, unless it shall appear,
upon an actual count by the Speaker, that no quorum is
present.
Mr. NOELL. I have an amendment to offer
here. I propose to amend by adding to the end
of the rule, as it will stand if the amendment of
the committee be adopted, the following:
Provided, That when a bill or resolution is introduced
by a member, or reported from a selector standing commit-
tee, and it is pioposed to put the same on its passage with-
out refening it to the. Committee of the Whole,and the pre-
vious question shall he demanded, then, before there shall
be a second to the previous question, at least one member
shall be allowed to speak in opposition to such bill or res-
olution; and the Speaker shall not put the question until
such opportunity shall be allowed.
I will say a word or two in reference to this
proposed amendment. I do not profess to under-
stand the rules of this House; and if there is any
reputation on earth I least desire, it is that of
understanding the little technicalities and details
of parliamentary proceedings. But I should have
less than common sense if "I failed to appreciate
the effects of the previous question, as it has been
disclosed since I have been a member of this body.
I have, on different occasions, seen its effects m
cases of propositions coming from committees, or
introduced by members upon the floor, on which
the thumb-screw of the previous question has
been applied; and gentlemen who were opposed
to the proposition or the resolution were pre-
cluded from all opportunity of making objection.
It is fresh in our recollection, that when one of
the most important bills ever presented for the
consideration of this House was recently re-
ported from a standing committee of the House
by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Lovejoy]—
I refer to the national homestead bill—this previ-
ous question was demanded upon it, and 110 gen-
tleman who was opposed to that measure was
allowed the poor privilege of giving the reason
which actuated his vote. 1 desired, upon that
particular occasion, to say to the House and to
the country that I .regarded the fourth section of
that bill as a violation of the Constitution, and as
an attempt to interpose the power of the Federal
Government between tho individuals of a sover-
eign State and the State authorities themselves.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair hardly sup-
poses that the homestead bill is under consider-
ation.
Mr. NOELL. I am only referring to the action
on that bill to illustrate the effect of our rules. I
was opposed to the character of that bill, and was
desirous to state to the IIousc the effect of the
provisions of the fourth section of that bill; but I
was precluded from doing so by the operation of
the previous question.
A few days previous to that time, the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Gurley,] the chairman of the
CommitteeonPrinting, introduced from that com-
mittee an important resolution upon the subject
of printing. He did generously and magnani-
mously condescend to sav to the minority of this
House, that they should be permitted to ask of
him questions, and to receive from his lips the
law and gospel upon the subject under consider-
ation; but no gentleman upon this side of the
House was permitted to interpose any objection
to tho resolution, or to show why it should not be
adopted. So it has been in reference to other
important propositions. Resolutions were intro-
duced here for the purpose of raising investigat-
ing committees, and gentlemen were not permit- I
ted to ask those who introduced these resolutions
to make their charges against the Administration
more specific.
The previous question, in the hands and under
the control of this despotic majority, seems to mo
to be designed, in its present form, to cut off all
opportunity to interpose objections or to offer
amendments. Unless this ruie is modified by the
adoption of some such amendment as I have pro-
posed, I desire to announce to this committee
that I will oppose any proposition, good or bad,
which is reported from a committee, upon which
the previous question is demanded, unless it shall
be sent to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, where opportunity is afforded
for discussion and amendment. I regard it as a
despotic rule, the operation of which is to cut off
all discussion and all amendment on the part: of
the minority. As such, I take my stand against,
it from this time, and unless some such modifica-
ti?rrias 1 k'lve. proposed- is made to the rule, 1
shall vote, during the time I have the honor to
occupy a seat upon this floor, against all bills and
all resolutions upon which the demand for the
previous question is sustained, before reference
or discussion.
Mr. GROW. I have only a word or two to
say; and I should not trespass upon the time of
the committee at all, but for the fact that this very-
point has been made a number of times. Gentle-
men seem to think it a very great hardship to have
the previous question called, and all the remarks
of the gentleman from Missouri apply to the call-
ing of the previous question at all. If you tire to
have a previous question at all, of course it must
cut off debate, and bring the House to a vote.
That is the object of it.
The gentleman complains that the previous
..question was called on the. homestead bill. Sir,
that bill has been discussed for eight years, more
or loss, at every session of Congress; and yetgen-
tlemen think they can enlighten the judgment of
this IIousc by talking an nour, so as to change
their votes upon a question which has been so long,
before the House. That bill had been discussed
and amended in committee three times, and had
been before the House eight years; and yet the
gentleman complains because the previous ques-
tion was called and we would not waste a week or
two again on the same subject.
Now, the previous question, if it does exist in
our rules at all, must exist as we have left it here.
When called, it must close debate; otherwise it is
of no use;and the majority must take the responsi-
bility of passing the bill. They do not ask the
minority to be responsible for it. The minority
can put themselves on record as opposed to it.
Mr. NOELL. I desire to ask the gentleman a
question just at this point. I believe the ques-
tion of a protective tariff has been discussed in
this country forfifty years. I desire to know if it is
the intention of a majority of the House to spring
the previous question when tho tariff bill is re-
ported ?
Mr. GROW. I do not know.
Mr. NOELL. I ask him if he believes it would
be treating the minority of the House with justice
to introduce such a measure as that, and spring the
previous question upon it, for the simple reason
that it has been the subject of discussion for fifty
years ?
Mr. GROW. I do not know whether the pre-
vious question will bo called or not, because I have
not the measure in charge; but I say that when-
ever tho majority of the House put the previous
question upon me, if I do not like the measure, I
call the yeas and nays, and place myself on ths
record as opposed-to it; and I am not responsible
for the action of the majority.
Mr. NOELL. I desire the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to understand that I was not sent
here for the purpose of evading responsibility; but
to endeavor to discharge my duty to the country.
Mr. GROW. I do discharge my duty, in my
estimation, when I vote against what I believe to
bo wrong, and vote for what I believe to be right,
whether I have a chance to speak on it or not. I
never believed that I was to influence votes in the
House by speaking; and therefore itis nota ques-
tion with me whether I shall have a chance to be
heard or not, so far as discharging my duty to my
country, to myself, and to my God, is concerned.
If the House chooses to pass iniquitous measures,
the vote will show jvho is responsible for it; and
those who vote against it are not responsible.
Mr. NOELL. Then I say, let us adopt arule
suppressing the freedom of speech in this Hall
eternally.
Mr. GROW. Unless you have some rule to
stop debate some time, you can never pass any
measure. I am, therefore, in favor of the previous
question sometimes, and will trust to the major-
ity of the House that the previous question will
not be abused; but the majority must take the
responsibility of any abuse that results from it.
I did not rise to delay action; but the remark
has been thrown out a number of times during
this session that the previous question, as it ex-
