1206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
ists in our rules, invades the rights of the Repre-
sentative, and prevents him from properly dis-
charging his duties. I do hot so regard it; and I
think we have thrown around the right of debate
greater safeguards than before. If the majority
at any time desire action of the House, .and that
one person shall not consume time that every
other member in the House does not want con-
sumed, then they call the previous question; and
it is right that they should hayethat power; other-
wise, nine tenths of the House may be placed in
the power of three men who want to talk. Now,
I am opposed to any such freedom of debate as
that. Whenever a majority want discussion, let
them have it; and when they want to stop it, let
them stop it. .
Mr. NOELL. I do notproposethateverymem-
beron the floor shall have the privilege of debate;
but only to allow one member to speak in oppo-
sition to a measure before the previous question
is ordered.
Mr. GROW. And if no one in the House wants
to hear him, they will be obliged to do so. That
is the very point I am making. You place the
House in the power of one man who ivants to be
heard, because he thinks he can change the votes
of other members; and all the other members must
sit still and hear him.
Mr. NOELL. Let me ask the gentleman what
is the reason of the rule which allows the mem-
ber reporting a measure to speak in favor of it;
and if the same reasoning would not apply to that?
Mr. GROW. The object of that rule is, that
the gentleman who reports a measure may give
to the House what information the committee has
collected upon the subject. The committee have
spent time and labor in investigating the question
on which they report, and have gathered facts in
an official shape, and they communicate these facts
to the House, and leave the House to act on the
proposition.
Wow, all I wanted to say was, that, if you have
the previous question at all, it will cut off debate.
You can have no previous question, if you are to
allow every gentleman to talk who wants to talk.
Mr. STOUT. I desire to offer a substitute lor
the amendment of the gentleman from Missouri.
It is in these words:
Add at tlie ericl of the amendment of the committee as
follows:
And in all cases where a bill is put upon its passage with-
out ft r<-.t having been referred to and considered in the Com-
mittee of the Wboie, it shall require two thirds of all pres-
ent to sustain the demand for the previous question on .said
bill.
The object of that amendment is to avoid, in
the first place, unnecessary discussion, and at the
same time, unless a bill meets with such favor as
that it is able to receive the support of two thirds
of the members present.it is still open for discus-
sion, so that a majority of the members present
cannot cut off discussion upon a bill which has
not been referred and considered m Committee of |
the Whole. It only applies to such bills ;is are ]
put upon their passage without first having been
referred, and it, seems to me that no member would
desiro to put a bill through the. House without
reference to the Committee of the Whole, the
merits of which would not address themselves to
the favorable consideration of at least two thirds .
of the members of the House. It seems to me
that no injustice could be done by the adoption of
this amendment, and at the same time it very prop-
erly guards against passing bills which we ought
not to pass hastily and without due consideration.
Mr. NOELL." I will accept that in lieu of my
own amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. That amend-
ment would almost destroy the entire value of
the previous question. If it is to be the rule of
the House that it shall require a two-thirds vote
to sustain the previous question upon any mat-
ter thathas not been referred to the Committee of
the Whole, we might as well abolish the previous
question altogether, for it will practically place it
in the power of one third of the members of the
House to prevent any business from being done.
Mr. PENDLETON. I hope this amendment
will be adopted. I have very little knowledge of
the rules of this House. I certainly do not know
all the'evil that is connected with them, for I learn
more of it every day; nor do I know the good that
is connected with them, for, as they are applied in
the practice of the House, it seems to me almost
impossible to discover it. I am in favor of this
amendment, because it will to some extent cut off
the arbitrary power of the majority over the whole
business of the House in violation of every right
of the minority. As I understand it, the commit-
tee have already adopted an amendmentproviding
that the five minutes' debate may be terminated by
a majority after there has been one five minutes'
speech upon a measure. -Now, I appeal to every
member of the House, whether the five minutcs'-
debate upon our bills in Committee of the Whole
is not the most profitable debate which we have;
whether it does not do more for the elucidation of
the matter under consideration, by drawing out the
information which may be in possession of mem-
bers in reference to them, than any other species
of debate? The tendency of the rules now is to
curtail all legitimate debate upon pending meas-
ures, and I think the committee has only intensi-
fied the evil.
Mr. Chairman, it seems to me that the rules of
this Hqjisc are so constructed as to render it al-
most impossible for a new member to learn them;
and when he has learned them, it is almost im-
possible to accomplish anything under them.
There is but one day in the week, as I understand
it, when a resolution or bill can be introduced into
the House, except upon the unanimous consent of
the members present. That day is Monday. And
it has so happened during the present session that,
upon every Monday except one, it has been im-
impossible to offer a resolution or introduce a bill,
except upon the sufferance of two thirds of the
members of the House. The States and Territo-
ries have been called for bills and resolutions once
during the present session, but that was so near the
commencement of the session that few members
wore prepared with their bills and resolutions. I
have sought the floor time and again on Monday,
for the purpose of introducing two bills affecting the
interests of my constituents, and not m any great
degree affecting the interests of any one else; yet
I have found it impossible to obtain the floor on
Mondays, and when I obtained the floor on an-
other day, th jjgentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Grow] called :for the regular order of business,
and would not give way to allow them to be in-
troduced. What was his reason ? That so many
others would want to do the same thing ! And
the fact that there were many other members de-
sirous of attending to the business of the House
and of their constituents, by introducing bills and
resolutions of importance to them, was the reason
why he would not give way.
Mr. GROW. I did not object to the introduc-
tion of the gentleman's bills yesterday.
Mr. PENDLETON. The gentleman did not.
I was about to say that I did yesterday introduce
them by the unanimous consent of the House.
But, Mr. Chairman, I ought not to be obliged to
ask unanimous consent; I ought not to be con-
strained to appeal to the courtesy of all or any of
the members of the House, I think it is the right
of every member of a legislative body to introduce
whatever propositions he may deem important to
have considered, and have them referred to the
organs of the House, which are its committees.
I see that the special committee, whose report we
are now considering, have presented an amend-
ment which will, in some measure, obviate this
difficulty. They have provided, as I understand
it, that upon each alternate Monday the States
and Territories shall be called for the introduc-
tion of bills and resolutions, and that it shall not
be in order to go into Committee of the Whole
until one hour shall have been devoted to that
call. Yes, sir; one hour ill two weeks isallowed
to the two hundred and thirty-seven members of
this House to introduce their bills and resolutions,
when it is within the knowledge of every member
of this body that three, four, or five hours of every
day of every week will be devoted to the debating
society in Committee of the Whole, when, by gen-
eral agreement, no business is to be transacted.
Sir, I say this debating society is disreputable in
every respect, and ought to be discontinued.
Mr. BRANCH. Will the gentleman from Ohio
allow me to make a single suggestion?
Mr. PENDLETON. Certainly.
Mr. BRANCH. The evil of which the gentle-
man speaks is certainly a striking one; and yet, I
think, itis an evil growingout of our practice un-
der rules, rather than of the rules themselves. The
rules provide that the call of committees for re-
ports shall be first in order, and then the call of
the States and Territories for the introduction of
bills and resolutions; and the reason why the call
of the States and Territories is never gone through
with is, that there is another motion which is al-
ways in order: that motion is to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union; and
the anxiety of gentlemen to go into committee to
make Buncombe speeches is so great that they do
not allow the call to be gone through with. Now,
if the gentleman from Ohio, and all of us, will
watch the business of the House, and whenever
a motion is made to go into committee before the
expiration of the morning hour, vote it down,
there will be no difficulty in getting in all the bills
and resolutions that any gentleman may desire to
propose, or in making any report that any com-
mittee may desire.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The gentle-
man will also observe that, under the amendment
which we have reported, it will not be in order to
move to go into committee or to suspend the rules
for any purpose on each alternate Monday, until
one hour shall have been spent in the call of the
States and Territories for bills and resolutions,
which will be sufficient to enable every member
to present every bill and resolution which he may
wish to bring forward.
Mr. PENDLETON. The statement of'the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Branch]
has a great deal of truth in it, but it does not meet
exactly the objection which I am now making.
The gentleman states that the business in order
during the morning hour is the call of committees
for reports. That is true; and if the House does
not go into committee, and there is no unfinished
business holding over from a former day, the com-
mittees will be called for reports. But that does
not meet the difficulty. I know that the commit-
tees are occasionally called for reports; but the
difficulty is, that the call is never gone through
with, and gentlemen have no opportunity of in-
troducing their propositions to bo referred to com-
mittees. It is true that one hour may bo spent for
that purpose, under the plan proposed by the
committee, once in two weeks; but one or two
hours in two weeks will not be sufficient to go
through with the call. I venture to say, that
whenever the States and Territories have been
called for this purpose, since I have been a mem-
ber of this body, the call has not been gone through
with in less than three or four hours. You would
scarcely commence the call in one hour.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I will suggest
to the gentleman that the reason has been that we
have not adhered to the rule prohibiting all de-
bate and the introduction of bills and resolutions
merely for reference. I thmk it has been within
the experience of every member who was here
during the last Congress, that the call was fre-
quently gone through with within an hour; and
1 think the House will find that, if this rule is
adopted andadhered to, the time provided will be
ample to enable gentlemen to introduce all their
bills and resolutions.
Mr. PENDLETON. It may have been within
the experience of the gentleman, for he has been
here much longer than I have.
Mr. WASHBURN of Maine. Within the time
in which the gentleman has been a member of the
House.
Mr. PENDLETON. It may have been, but
I have no recollection of any such occasion. I
do not mean to say that the call is never com-
pleted. It has occurred once, and I believe only
once, in the two months^ince this House has been
organized. I only give my own experience m
relation to the matter.
And, Mr. Chairman, when a member finally
succeeds in introducing his measures, it is al-
most impossible for him to get them before the
House for consideration. They go before a com-
mittee, and that committee reports when it pleases
and as it pleases. What is the result ? Just this:
that a measure as important as was the one the
other day in relation to the Territory of Utah, of
which no ntan heard, unless he was a member of
the Committee on the Judiciary, until itwas pre-
sented to the House, is brought in here, and being
read without the reading of the report of the com-
mittee, if any was made, is sought to be carried
through under "the operation of the previous ques-
tion—a bill, sir, that commits this House to a
course of legislation as to the propriety of which
there is great doubt; a bill which makes criminal
