1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. .
ily, associating with the children as they grow up,
attending upon age as it declines, there can be
nothing against which either philanthropy or hu-
manity can make an appeal. Not even the eman-
cipationist could raise his voice, for this is the
high road and the open gate for the emancipation
of every one who may thus be taken to the front-
ier.
Mr. President, I briefly and reluctantly referred,
because the subject has been introduced, to the
attitude of Mississippi on a former occasion. I
will now as briefly say that in 1831, and in 1860,
Mississippi was, and is, ready to make every con-
cession which it becomes her to make to the wel-
fare and the safety of the Union. If, on a former
occcasion,shehoped toomuch from fraternity, the
responsibility for her disappointment rests upon
those who declined to fulfill her expectations. She
still clings to the Government as our fathers formed
it. She is ready to-day and to-morrow, as in her
past and though brief, yet brilliant history, to
maintain that Government in all its power, and to
vindicate its honor with all the means she pos-
sesses. 1 say brilliant history; for it was in the
very morning of her existence thathcrsonson the
plains of New Orleans were announced to be the
admiration of one army and the wonder of the
other. That wc had a division in relation to the
measures enacted in 1850, is true; that the south-
ern rights men became the minority in the elec-
tion whiehresulted, is true; but nofigureof speech
could warrant the Senator in speaking of them
as subdued; as coming to him or anybody else for
quarter. I deemed it offensive when it was in-
timated, and the scorn with which 1 repelled it
still remains. Our flag was never borne from the
field. We carried it in the face of defeat. We
carried it with a knowledge tluit defeat awaited it;
but scarcely had the smoke, of the battle passed
away which proclaimed another victor, before the
universal voice admitted that the field was ours;
and I have not seen a sagacious reflecting man,
who was cognizant of the events as they transpired
at the time, who does not say that, within two
weeks after the election, our party was in a ma-
jority; and the very next election which occurred
showed that we possessed the State beyond con-
troversy. How we have wielded that power it is
not for me to say. I trust others will find in our
record—1 trust others may see in our conduct to-
day, connected with a determination to insist upon
our constitutional rights, a desire to maintain the
Government, and to uphold the Democratic party.
We believe now, as we have asserted on former
occasions, that the best hope for the perpetuity of
our Government depends upon the cooperation,
the harmony, the zealous action of the Demo-
cratic party. We cling to that party from con-
viction, as we cling to the Union for the purpose
for which it was formed. Whenever we shall
be taught that the Democratic party is recreant
to its principles; whenever wo shall loarn that it
cannot be relied upon to maintain the great meas-
ures which constitute its vitality, I, for one, shall
he ready to leave it. And so, sir, when we de-
clare our tenacious adherence to the Union, it is
the Union of the Constitution. If the compact
between the States is to be trampled into the dust;
if anarchy is to be substituted for the usurpation
which threatened the Government at an earlier
period; if the Union is to become powerless for
the purposes for which it was established, and we
arc vainly to appeal to it for protection, then,
sir, conscious in the rectitude of our course, and
self-reliant within ourselves, we look beyond the
confines of the Union for the maintenance of our
rights. A habitual reverence and cherished af-
fection for the Government of our fathers will
hold us to it much longer than our interest; but
he is a poor statesman who does not understand
that communities at last must yield to the dic-
tates of their interests. That the affection which
existed without stint or denial among our fathers
may be weakened in succeeding generations by
the constant denial of right, until equality will be
asserted within or without the Union, must be
evident. It is time to be up and doing. There
is yet time to remove all these causes of dissen-
sion and alienation which are now distracting,
and have for years past divided, the country.
If the Senator correctly described me as having,
at a former period, against my own tendencies and
opinions, acquiesced in the decision of my party;
and if, when I had more of youth, and of youth's
vigor, an8 the future was painted in the colors of
hope, which youth always furnishes, X could thus
surrender my own convictions, my own preju-
dice^ and cooperate with my political friends for
the public good; now, when the years of the fu-
ture may not be so hopeful; when I approach the
evening of life, and the shadows are reversed,and
the mind turns to the retrospective, it is not to be
supposed that I would be disposed lightly to de-
sert, or idly to put upon trial, the party to which
I have adhered. It is rather to be supposed that
that conservatism which belongs to the timidity
of increasing years would lead me to cling to it;
to be supported by, rather than ta cast off, the
organization with which I have been so long con-
nected. If I am driven to consider the necessity
of separating myself from those old and dear re-
lations, from this support, under circumstances
such as I have described, might not my friends
who differed from me pause and inquire whether
there is not something real involved?
I desire no dividedflagfortheDcmocraticparty.
I seek not to depreciate the power of the Senator,
or take from him anything of that confidence ho
feels in the large army at his back. I prefer that
his banner should lie in its silken folds; but if it
impatient rustles to be unfurled in opposition to
ours, then, sir, we will plant our o^n on every
hill; it shall overlook the Atlantic and welcome
the sun as it rises; it shall give its last graceful
dismissal to the sun as he sinks in the quiet Pa-
cific. Our principles are national; they belong to
every State in the Union; and though elections
may be lost by their assertion, they constitute the
only foundation on which wc can maintain power,
on which wc can again rise to the dignity the
Democracy once professed. Does not my friend
from Illinois—he will permit me to call him so
because of so many years of kind relations—does
he not see in the sectional character of the vote
he received, that his opinions are not welcome to
every portion of the country ? Is not the fact that
the resolutions adopted by seventeen States on
which the greatest reliance must be placed for
Democratic support, are in opposition to the
dogma to which lie still clings, a warning that if
he persists and succeeds in planting his theory
upon the Democratic party, its days are num-
bered? We ask only for the Constitution. Wc
ask of the Democracy only fron> time to time to
declare with current events what the Constitution
was intended to secure and provide. Our flag
bears no new device. All its folds, in living light,
proclaim the constitutional Union, justice, equal-
ity, and fraternity, now and forever.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I must ask
the indulgence of the Senate for a few moments
while 1 reply to some points presented by the
Senator from Mississippi. I reciprocate every
sentiment he has uttered in regard to the great
importance of preserving the harmony, unity,and
integrity of the Democratic party. I repeat now
what I said yesterday, thatl believe it is the only
remaining political organization supported by suf-
ficient numbers to preserve the peace and safety
of the Union. Entertaining these convictions in
the fullness of my heart, 1 would make any sacri-
fice personal to myself that would contribute to
its unity and to its success. The Senator, how-
ever, has- told us the terms, and those alone, on
which its unity can be maintained. They are that
his flag, a banner bearing as its inscription the
sentiments that he has been advocating, mtistbe-
eome the flag of the Democratic party. Sir, I
prescribe no such terms and conditions to secure
my cooperation. I do not ask you to insert any
peculiar dogma or theories of mine upon the ban-
ner. That good old banner, that old Democratic
flag that has waved over so many glorious tri-
umphs, is to-day good enough for inc. The Sen-
ator is afraid that we must part company—and
why'' Because he is not willing now to fight un-
der the banner under which wc won the battle in
1856.
He has referred feelingly to the moderation that
he exercised—and I give him full credit for it—in
the surrender of his individual opinions and preju-
dices, in 1852, in acquiescing in the compromise
measures of 1850, which he had opposed. Sir, I
appreciate that moderation, that spirit of concil-
iation, of sacrifice of private opinion, which in-
duced him to make that offering on the altar of
his party and his country. Yes, sir; and Illinois
appreciated that sacrifice on the part of that Sen-
ator by casting her vote for him for Vice Presi-
dent in 1852, notwithstanding the differences of
opinion that had marked the representatives of
the two States in the conflict of 1850., He now
cites the mark of confidence which Illinois re-
posed in him by these votes, as evidence that Illi-
nois indorsed his position on the points that had
separated us. I tell him, sir,it isevidence of lilt- ■
nois's magnanimity; not of her approval of the
course that he pursued in opposition to her known
sentiments.
I am glad to find that Mississippi has returned
the compliment, and shown that she"too was not
wanting in magnanimity. The record that has
been presented shows, beyond dispute or cavil,
that my opinions on these territorial questions
were as well known in 1850,1852,1851, and 1856
as they are to-day. With a full knowledge of
those facts, Mississippi in the convention of 1852,
after Mr. Pierce's name was withdrawn, for bal-
lot after ballot, by a unanimous vote, recorded
her suffrages for me in preference to Mr. Buch-
anan, who was the competing candidate. I do
not claim thatMississippiby those votes indorsed
all my peculiar opinions on territorial questions;
nor that Alabama, nor thatGeorgia, nor thatSouth
Carolina, nor that Florida, nor that Texas, when
each of them in succession recorded their votes
for me, indorsed all my views. While it is not
evidence that they concurred with me in these pe-
culiar theories, it is conclusive evidence that they
deemed it unjust, unfair, unmanly to make that
difference of opinion a test of Democracy to my
exclusion. Each of those States showed the same
magnanimity then that Illinois showed in 1852 in
voting for the Senator, and in 1856, in voting for
General Quitman. We were willing to differ on
a subject which had been dcclarcd to be a judicial
and not a political question, and then to vote for
a man as the standard-bearer, without reference
to his opinions on that theory.
It was for the same purpose and in that sense
that I yesterday quoted the vote for Governor
Richardson as Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives in 1856. I do not claim that the vote
of my friend from South Carolina, [Mr. Keitt,]
in favor of Mr. Richardson was an indorsement
of Mr. Richardson's views or of mine on the ter-
ritorial question; but it was an evidence that he
would not make a test on that question against a
regular Democratic nominee. I repeat, I do not
ask you to indorse any new inscription oil the old
Democratic flag as a condition of retaining me in
its ranks. I do not ask you to concur with me
in the views thatl entertain. Probably there are
no two members of this body who agree in every
particular with regard to'every article of the creed.
When you descend to the details, to the minutiae,
you find differences of opinion.
I have been told here to-day that I was out of
the Democratic organization, because I differed
with the President on the Lecompton question.
Sir, I have yet to learn that an Administration is
the Democratic party. The members of the Ad-
ministration are, or ought to be, members of the
j Democratic organization, as ought to be every
member of the Senate and House of Representa-
tives who was elected by the Democratic party.
Wc are individual members of the organization.
I deny that either the President or the Cabinet, or
Senators or Representatives, constitute the Demo-
cratic organization. The people, through their
; delegates in their national conventions, constitute
the organization. But, sir, is it true that every
man who differs with the Administration on one
point is out of the party? If so, what becomes
of my friend from Georgia, that I see walking
away now, [Mr. Toombs?] He fought the Ad-
ministration on the tariff; he dissented from the.
President on the neutrality laws; he arraigned the
Administration on the Pacific railroad. I hardly
know on what he did agree with them, [laughter;]
and yet lie is in good standing and perfect fellow-
ship. I have yet to learn that the Senator from
Mississippi indorses the President on specific du-
ties; and inasmuch as he tells us that the President
is the head of the party, and a difference on a great
question puts a man outside of it, I have got
pretty good company outside of the patty. I am
very glad to have the Senator fiom Mississippi
call me his friend; and I call him mine,inasmuch
as, by his process of reasoning, he has put us
hoth out into the cold together. But, sir, testany
Senator on this floor by the rule prescribed, and
