1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
187
must be received in the Territories; and why?
Because the Territories, as was well said by tne
distinguished Senator from Oregon, are the com-
mon property of all the States. Kaeh State has
an equal interest there—an equal right to go there:
and consequently the citizens of each State have
a right to go; but if restrictions are imposed on
the citizen of one State because he is the owner of
a particular kind of property, then he does not
stand on an equal footing with the citizen of an-
other State. If a Mississippian may be excluded
as the owner of slave property because lie is the
owner of that kind of property, does he stand on
an equal footing with a citizen from Ohio who
does not own that kind of property?
I know not if there be a powder mill in the
whole State of Ohio; I know there are some in
Delaware. Now, if the Senator from Delaware
and his constituents choose to introduce powder
into Kansas, and are denied the privilege of doing
it, and neither the Senator from Ohio nor his con-
stituents own any of that kind of property, I want
to know how he will show that he may introduce
anything that is property under the laws of Ohio,
and yet that the Senator from Delaware may not
introduce his powder, that being property under
the laws of Delaware. I take his own illustra-
tion ; but understand, I admit again, that, having it
there, the local Legislature may regulate the use
of it. The Senator from Delaware may not take
his powder there and expose it so as to create
alarm, or ruin, or destruction to his neighbor's
property. That I admit: but that the Territorial
Legislature may destroy it as property; may say
that it shall not be used there at all, or shall not
come, or may refuse to give it protection, so that
anybody may destroy it who chooses to destroy
it by passing laws unfriendly to it so as to amount
to an exclusion of it, I utterly deny.
So I say of our slaves. We have the right to
take them there, a right guarantied by the Con-
stitution, as expounded by the Supreme Court;
and there is no power in a Territorial Legislature,
none in Congress, none anywhere, to deny us the
exercise of that right. That you may so regulate
the use of it, after we get it there, as that the
public morals shall be secure, and the public
safety free from harm, I admit; but you cannot
deny me protection for my property. It is my
property in the State from winch I come. I go
as a coequal. Mississippi is equal to Ohio—no
more than equal. Mississippi property is equal
«o Ohio property—no more than equal. You take
your property there, and I take mine. When we
are upon the common soil, we demand equal and
exact protection; you wanting the laws to give a
sufficient protection to your property, and I want-
ing just such laws for mine. I need not tell the Sen-
ator from Ohio that the law which gives sufficient
protection to one kind of property docs not pro-
tect every kind of property. I need not stand in
til's presence, and say that that law which gives
sufficient protection to a cart, does not give suffi-
cient protection to the horse that draws the cart.
Need I follow it to the conclusion, and say that
the law which protects both the horse and the
cart does not sufficiently protect the negro that
drives the horse and cart? If I leave my cart
standing in front of your house to-night, I shall
find it there to-morrow morning, if 110 one re-
moves it; and whoever removes it, commits an
offense against the criminal laws of the country,
if he does it stealthily; but, if I leave my horse
standing there, by his mere power of locomotion
he wanders off, and to-morrow morning, possi-
bly, he is in Virginia or Maryland. Then, unless
I have some local law which pursues him, he is
beyond the jurisdiction, and lost to me; hence,
the legislation which gives me sufficient protection
for my cart, does not give me sufficient protection
for iny horse. But 111 the case of a slave, adding
to the value of property, the power of locomo-
tion , like any other animal, and also the power of
reason, like a man, I want your legislation adapted
to his nature, to his character, to his kind, to his
description. Give me sufficient law to protect that
kind of property.
The Government has, 111 all its action, wherever
it has acted, upon the high seas or upon the land,
in reference to anything but slaves, always passed
this kind of laws. I demand of the Senator, I
demand of all mankind, to show where this Gov-
ernment has ever faded to pass laws to execute
protection. Wherever and whenever the citizen
has claimed that his property was not sufficiently
protected, the Government has given him that
protection, unless he chanced to be the owner of
slaves. When your ships have gone on the high
seas and have been depredated upon, your Gov-
ernment has followed them with its power and
its jurisdiction, and has said " here are the laws,
and here arc the arms to back the laws; you shall
have protection not only within the specific juris-
diction of the Government, but throughout all the
world."
Mr. PUGH. The Senator does not mean to
say that the Government has refused to protect
slavery on the high seas ? I said that last winter.
Mr. BROWN. You have not done it.
Mr. PUGH. We have compelled foreign Gov-
ernments to make compensation.
Mr. BROWN. There are more cases than one
where cargoes of slaves, passing from port to
port, have been driven into foreign ports and
compensation never given. I have one in my
mind's eye now, but I do not want to discuss that
point.
Mr. PUGH.^ I know that we have demanded
compensation *11 such cases. I do not know
whether the Government thought it expedient to
go to war in that case. 1 suppose that is to be
decided 011 a variety of considerations.
Mr. BROWN. You did not go to war for that;
but I noticed that you went tn war when other
people's rights were invaded. I state the fact, that
during the administration of Martin "Van Buren,
a cargo of slaves sailed from Alexandria, and by
stress of weather were driven into St. Thomas,
and set free by the British Government, and re-
paration has never been made. My friends say
it was the Bahamas. It does not matter where
they were driven,repaiation has never been made.
If it had been a cargo of live stock, who does not
kiio w Unit, if a question had been r.nsi d, the Gov-
ernment would have never ceased negotiations. If
it, had been a cargo of dry t;oods or New Eng-
land rum that had been confiscated, who does not
know that this Government never would have
ceased until it had got reparation ?
All we ask—and, 111 asking that, we shall nevri
cease—is, that our projvity, under the common
Government, be put upon the same footing with
other people's property; that this Government of
ours shall be allowed to"diaw no insulting discrim-
ination between slave property and any other kind
of property; that wherever the authority of the
Government extends, it shall be given to us in an
equal degree with anybody else; and, by that, I
say again, I mean given to the extent of affording
us adequate and sufficient protection. Who does
not know that, 111 tile last two 01 three years, emi-
grant trains were robbed in Utah by the Mor-
mons; not robbed of slaves, but robbed of other
kinds of property. What was done? An army
was promptly sent to repair the injury, at an ex-
pense, I dare say, when we shall sum up the bill
and pay it, of $20,000,000. Who believes that if
the property had been our slaves, any reparation
would have been insisted upon ? Is the Govern-
ment so prompt to send armies to protect us against
the underground process? No. Twenty millions
of property may be stolen from us, and thc_Gov-
emment stands by and contents itself with simply
remonstrating, with giving gentle hints tluit it is
all wrong. When I say this is done by the Gov-
ernment, I do not mean the government of James
Buchanan, or Franklin Pierce, or Millard Fill-
more; but I mean the Government in whosever
hands it happened to rest. Justice has never been
done us; our property has never been treated like
the property of other people; has never received
the sume sort of piotection, the same kind of se-
curity. While the Government has been ready
to protect other people's property on the high seas
and in the Territories; while it has been ready to
make war at home and declare war against for-
eign countries for the protection of other people's
property, we have received no such guarantees
from it. 'I demand them. I demand to be treated
as an equal. If you will insist upon taxing me as
an equal, I do not feel disposed to come up and
I pay my taxes, simply to know the Government
I through its power to make exactions on me. I
\ do not choose to perform military service, and
1 spill my blood and risk my life and lay down the
I lives of my people for the common protection, in
; defense of" a Government which only knows me
I through its powers to tax me. I claim the same
right to protection on the part of my people as I
concede to you. Wherever your property is on
the face of God's habitable globe, on the sea or,
on the land, I claim that the arms and power of
this Government must go to protect and defend
it. For that was the great object of creating the'
Government; and when it falls short of that ob-
ject, it fails in its great mission, the great pur-
pose for which it was created.
I know of no mission which this Government
has to perform except to protect the citizen in his
life, his liberty, and his property. When it fails
in these great essentials, it has failed in every-
thing; and I stand even in this august presence to
say,' as I have said in the more august presence of
my immediate constituents, the Legislature of my
State—and if they choose to repudiate me for
saying it, I am .willing to be repudiated—that
whenever the Government fails, I do not ask it to
refuse, but when it fails to protect me and my
people in our lives, our liberties, and our property,
upon the high seas or upon the land, it ought to
be abolished. If that be treason, gentlemen,
make the most of it. That is all I have said; and
by that proposition living or dying, sinking or
swimming, surviving or perishing, I mean to stand
hero and elsewhere.
Those who have served with me in this House
and in the other House of Congress, know, or
ought to know, that I am deeply and earnestly
ana at heart devoted to the Democratic party. I
am devoted to it, because I have always regarded
it as a p irty that dispensed equal and exact jus-
tice to every part of the country. I am a Demo-
crat bectuise 1 have always felt that this Govern-
ment would dispense to Massachusetts tho same
measure of justice that itgave to Mississippi; that
it would give to Pennsylvania no more than it
gave to Virginia; and I should be as ready to
despise it if I thought it would give more to my
State than to any other State in the Confederacy.
While I say this, 1 am equally free to say, that
1 would, if it were 111 my power, rend it into ten
thousand fragments,if itexactcdof me to do that
for Massachusetts which the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts would not do for Mississippi. If I have
asktd, in all this, anything more for my country,
for my State, or for my section, than I would
give to any other State or section, show me in
what,, and I am ready to submit. I ask nothing
for my section that I am not willing to yield to
any other.
Now, Mr. President, thanking the Republican
benchcs for the patient and polite attention which
they have given me, I take my scat. [Laughter,
every seat 011 the Republican side, being vacant.]
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President-
Mr. CLAY. 1 hope my friend will let me make
a motion to adjourn. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ad-
journed.   ; 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 19, 1859.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. D. Ball.
"The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
The CLERK stated the question to be on Mr.
Hickman's motion to correct an error in the
Journal of Friday, the 9th instant.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. GILMER. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. 1 send to the Clerk's desk an extract which
I ask to have read.
The following, from the New York Day Book,
of December 17, was read from the Clerk's desk:
"'(•'rom North Carolina I hasten to answer your
inqunics. Tlie portion of tlie South in winch I labor is
wonderfully opened for tlie reception of anti-slavery truth.
I am a native of this State, and have faithfully preached
an uncompromising gospel at every pomtof my work. Not
satisfied, however, with mere veiiial effort, I determined
to introduce anti-slavery books. Many thought this haz-
ardous in the exf: erne. m view of the abominable laws on
that subject, and greatly feared my cnthiallment. I main-
tained that lie that will not risk something for Christ is not
woithy of him ; lie that will save lus life shali lose it, etc.;
and the succcss far exceeded ere expectations. These books
uxie circulated at first rather covertly ; btit greatly disliking
this eovert operation, X carnc out boldly, disdaining all con-
ccalmcnt, and my hook agencies are probably doing more
than 1 have been able to do by preaching. Among these
books, I have circulated fifty copies of the " Impaiamg yrz-
sis of the South." by Helper,which takes like fire in dry sluo-
ble. Jin ex-governor of North Carolina, a wan ofiairluuled
popularity, has one of these copics, (heu alargc s.avehoyJcr,)
