1208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
to go into Committee of the Whole ? and cannot
a majority, by doing so, interrupt the call, and
prevent the introduction of measures ? And it is
not in order, on Mondays, for any gentleman to
object. Upon those days does it not require two
thirds to introduce any proposition?
Mr. GROW. In the firstplace, your commit-
tees arc required to be called in order. After one
hour has expired any member can move to pro-
ceed to the business upon the Speaker's table; and
you cannot take the floor from any gentleman,
except for that purpose. If the House does not
consentto proceed to the consideration of the busi-
ness upon the Speaker's table, then any member
can move to go into Committee of the Whole.
But yoif cannot take the floor from a member who
has it to go into Committee of the Whole, even
if the hour has expired. If the hour has expired,
and you are on the floor, you are entitled to your
hour, unless some gentleman rises and moves to
proceed to the business upon the Spea-ker's table,
which, if it is agreed to, postpones your business
until the next day. Thus you have one hour
for the dispatch of the committees 'reports. W lien
you have gone through all your regular commit-
tees in order then you take up the select com-
mittees, and after they are concluded you com-
mence the call of the States.
I desire to speak more particularly now in refer-
ence to the gentleman speaking of my objecting.
I know, as I said before, that it is an ungracious
task; but, without any personal feeling 111 refer-
ence to any gentleman, or without any desire to
prevent what he seeks to attain, I make the gen-
eral objection, in order that we may once more get
to the regular order of business of the House ac-
cording to its rules; for I must say, that our prac-
tice here for eight weeks did not inculcate much
notion of regular business, and the House seemed
a little loth to go to its work regularly. And I
was anxious to get at our business in regular or-
der, so that we could dispatch the business.
Now, m regard to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Oregon, [Mi\Stoot.] If that amend-
ment passes, no bill can pass this House without
a two-thirds vote, I do not care what thp bills are
that are necessary to be passed. Under your pres-
ent system of rules, whatever is referred to the
Committee of the Whole, if it is low down on the
Calendar and is not reached, cannot be taken out
of the Committee of the Whole without a two-
thirds vote.
Mr. REAGAN. The gentleman will recollect
that the amendment applies only to bills-which
are. not referred to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. GROW. Whatever is referred to the com-
mittee under the present system practically re-
quires two thirds to take it out of committee,
unless the bill should be near the top of the Cal-
endar.
Mr. NOELL. Does the gentleman mean to
say that no bills can pass this House without the
previous question being sprung upon them?
Mr. GROW. I did not say that if the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Oregon shall be
adopted, no bill can pass without it has a two-
thirds vote, but practically that will be the effect,
because you require two thirds to pass a bill,
should you desire to pass it without sending it to
the Committee of the Whole. If you send it to
a committee, and desire to get it out again, it must
have, in most cases, a two-thirds vote, because yon
cannot well reach it if it should be low down on
the Calendar without two thirds are in favor of it.
Thus you virtually put the power of the House,
in reference to the passage of all bills, into the
hands of a third of the House.
Mr. NOELL. I desire to ;isk the gentleman
from Pennsylvania a question for information. Is
it not the regular order for a bill reported from a
standing committee or a select committee to go to
the Committee of the Whole?
Mr. GROW. No more than it is to put a bill
upon its passage. The rules provide for both.
The one is as much in order as the other. The
rule only provides that if there is a motion to com-
mit to the Committee of the Whole, or to the
Committee of the Wholeon the state of the Union,
that motion must be first put. If it falls, the bill
is to be put upon its passage. So both are equal
orders. The proposition of the gentleman from
Oregon would have the effect in practice—I do not
say it would have that effect upon every bill upon
the Calend;u-, because there might be a lew bills
upon the Calendar of the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union which you might reach;
but I say it would have the practical effect—of pre-
venting any bill upon the Calendar passing with-
out a two-thirds vote, because when a bill is re-
ported the amendment provides expressly that it
shall require a two-thirds vote, unless it is sent to
the Committee of the Whole; and if sent to the
Committee of the Whole, it will never be reached,
for it practically requires two thirds to take it up.
So you put the power of defeating a bill in the
hands of one third of the House.
When a special order is made in committee,
you must confine debate to the special order—and
a majority may make an appropriation bill a
special order—and that will meet the objection of
"the gentlemen from Missouri and Oregon, who
want the discussion confined to the subject under
consideration. We have a class of legislation, I
grant—and that is the expenditures for the sup-
port of the Government—upon which we ought
to have discussion. Now, do gentlemen propose
to fix this matter ill sueli a way that no general
debate in this House can be had, either on the
President's message, or the recommendations of
the different Departmentsof the Government? The
way gentlemen seem to want this matter fixed
would close the mouths of the Representatives of
the people upon almost everything of national im-
portance, such as Presidents' messages, reports
of Departments, or any other communications to
Congress not requiring legislative action. If you
do not leave some time for general discussion of
measures such as those which are contained in the
messages and documents to which 1 have referred,
you place a gag upon the Representatives of the
people, and close their lips upon everything, ex-
cept matters relating to the expenditures of money
by the Government. I am not in favor of that. I
am in favor of confining debate upon expenditures
strictly to the subject under consideration, and
then you have all the advantage gentlemen want.
Heretofore it has required two thirds to make
a special order. Now it will require only a ma-
jority to make an appropriation bill a special or-
der, and you leave other subjects open to general
debate—the foreign policy of the Government, for
instance. I ask, how could you otherwise have
legitimate debate upon questions before Congress
as to the intercourse of this Government with
Russia, and other foreign Powers? You cannot
bringm a bill to say that the intercourse between
this country and Russia shall be in a particular
way. That is not within the scope of legislation.
How are you to discuss the great questions of
your relations with the world, or your relations
to each other at home as independent States, or
the relations of the General Government to our
common Territories ? In reference to the latter,
it is true, you may have an appropriation bill for
building a penitentiary in one of your Territories;
but could you then discuss the relations which ex-
ist between the people of a Territory and the gen-
eral Government upsn a bill making appropria-
tion to build a jail? But that would be the only
place where you could discuss it, if this theory of
legislation is carried out. The same would be
true in reference to many other important ques-
tions; because, unless you should have some bill
relating to the particular subject, there would be
no time or place when and where you could dis-
cuss those matters.
I have been led into this discussion by discuss-
ing the amendment of the gentleman from Oregon,
and I will close by restating the two points I de-
sired to make. One was, that by confining the
House to the regular order prescribed by the rules,
there is a time for every class of business, and
that it is under the control of a majority; that if
you depart from the regular order, I grant that
the evils which have been pointed out by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, will result and do result. It
is by asking unanimous consent, or attempting to
get up some particular business out of its order,
that all this confusion occurs. A member desires
to accomplish a particular object out of its regular
order, when, if he had insisted on business being
considered in regular order, he and others would
have had an opportunity to introduce their prop-
ositions under the rules. The other object was,
to call the attention of the committee to the fact
that the amendment of the gentleman from Oregon
will, in effect, prevent the passage of any bill un-
less there are two thirds in favor of it.
Mr. PENDLETON. Mr. Chairman 
A Member. You have occupied the floor once.
Mr. PENDLETON. Here is a practical illus-
tration of the difficulty of which I complain; it is,
that we are not willing to attend to any of th ese mat-
ters which directly affect the House or the country.
When I first rose to make two or three remarks,
I heard a member upon one side remark '' we shall
never get through with this change of rules," al-
though we have occupied only three or four hours
upon it; and now when I rise again, I hear an-
other gentleman remark, "you have occupied the
floor once." I do not know that there is any rule
of the House which prevents me from occupying
the floor twice; but if there is, the Chair need only
remind me of the fact, and I will take my seat.
These gentlemen are both impatient; they want
to get into the debating society again. They can-
not bear the tediousness of a practical question.
It is, however, unfortunate that'I alluded to my
own difficulties under the rules of the House,
because the gentleman from Pennsylvania seemed
to think I was captiously complaining of his in-
terposition and of the application of the rules to
myself.
Mr. GROW. I Had no such feeling. I took
occasion to say what I did in justice to myself,
because many seemed to think there had been cap-
tiousness upon my part. \
Mr. PENDLE TON. I had no reason to sup-
pose so, nor did I mention it with a disposition to
find fault with the gentleman, or to complain par-
ticularly of the application of therulcs of the House
to myself. I am well aware that there is a great
deal of good sense in these rules; and I have seen
them carricd outin other legislative bodies, where
they operated very well. When I had the honor
oLbeing a member of the Senate of the State of
Ohio, rules very similar to these were m opera-
tion. The body was small, and the subjects which
came before us were comparatively few. Day
after day the regular order of business was car-
ried out; and it happened there that in the course
of a day or two every gentleman had an oppor-
tunity to introduce his measures and have a vote
upon them. I think, however, that when a body
becomes larger, and when the subjects of legisla-
tion are of a different kind, different rules should
bo adopted.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania seems to be
under great apprehension that members will be
precluded from debating subjects of general in-
terest. I ask him if he is not afraid that mem-
bers will be precluded from debating questions of
special and specific interest in relation to the mat-
ters in hand ? He says that he is afraid that mem-
bers will be precluded from discussing the relations
of the people to each other here, and their rela-
tions with foreign nations. When those matters
are in any wise connected with legislation, they
can be discussed; at all other times their discus-
sion should be subordinate to the other business
of the House. I would like to know if ho is not
afraid that members will be precluded from giving
their views upon those subjects if a majority of
• the House can cut off debate by the previous
question? I agree that general debate ought not
to be cut off; that all matters of general interest
should have a fair hearing in the House; but I
object to a system of rules by which it is the
regular order of this day, of to-morrow, and of
every day, and at all hours of the day except the
first hour, to discuss matters of general interest,
or of merely political significance, while all other
subjects can only come up by sufferance of the
House, excepting once or twice during the ses-
sion.
Mr. STOUT. I wish to detain the committee
but a moment, to answer some remarks which
have been made by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania. Perhaps modesty would have dictated that
I should not have offered the amendment, or at-
tempted to participate at all in the amendment of
these rules, with which I am not very familiar;
but I have seen the difficulties growing out of the
conduct of business in this House, which have
struck me somewhat in the same manner as they
have struck the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Pen-
dleton,] and I desire, if possible, to obviate one
of the great and serious difficulties which 1 think
attends us in our legislation.
I did not suppose that the amendment which 1
proposed could have the effect which is suggested
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, nor do I
