1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1209
believe so now. But admit, for the purpose of
argument, that it would have the effect of requir-
ing a two-thirds vote to take a bill up out of its
regular order for the purpose of passing it: I ap-
prehend/that it would not be wrong or unjust to
do it in most cases. And the effect of such a
rule would be to compel us to go to work regu-
larly ; to go into the Committee of the Whole, and,
when wc get there, not make long and Buncombe
speeches, but go to work, and dispose of the busi-
ness on the Calendar, in order that we may get
to that which most interests us.
As matters now stand, the members generally
have, perhaps, only one little bill each for the re-
lief of some of their constituents, in which they
are specially interested. They bring those bills
before the House, and persuade the House to
pass them without referring them to the Com-
mittee of the Whole, and then they have no fur-
ther interest in the business on the Calendar; and
those of us who have important measures which
we wish to have taken up and disposed of, are
unable to bring about any legislation for ourselves
and our constituents, simply because many other
members get their bills through without their being
referred to the Committee of the Whole.
Now, if all bills were required to go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole and take the regular order,
unless by a two-thirds vote, we should do much
more business, and do it more understandingly,
and with more efficiency than wc do now. W"e
should then all be put upon an equal footing; and
it would take two thirds at least to give one mem-
ber a preference over another.
I have no desire to obstruct legislation, or to
interfere with the due action of the majority; and
I have not the same confidence in my own judg-
ment in relation to these matters that I have i£
that of many others here of greater experience
than myself; but it does strike me that this amend-
ment would work well, and would tend to aid in
the progress of legislation.
The amendment to the amendment was disa-
greed to.
Mr. MILLSON. I offer the following amend-
ment to the amendment of the committee, to come
in between the last sentence and the preceding one:
Whenever the House shall refuse to order the main ques-
tion, the consideration of the >ubjeot shall be resumed as
though no motion for the ptevious question had been made.
The House may also, at an) tune, on motion, seconded by
a majority of the member5! present, close all debate upon a
pending amendment or an amendment thereto, and cause
the question to be put thereon, and this shall not preclude
any further amendment or debate upon the bill.
The object of this amendment is to establish in
the House the same practice that the Committee
of the Whole yesterday, on the report of the
committee on the rules, established for the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. GROW. I will say that so far as the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Washburn] and my-
self are concerned, we are perfectly agreed to that.
It makes the rule uniform in the House and in the
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MILLSON. I was about to say that I
understand the committee on rules approve and
adopt the amendment. It is intended to remove
a difficulty which is very often frit by the House.
When a bill is under consideration or discussion
in the House—it may be a bill of some ten or
twelve sections—an amendment may be offered
to the first section, and an amendment to that,and
we can go no further. A debate may Spring up
lasting several days. You cannot get rid of that
debate except by calling the previous question.
That precludes all further amendment, and the
House may not wish to do that. This amend-
ment will give the House an opportunity of clos-
ing debate upon the pending amendment only,
and then going on to receive and consider other
amendments to other parts of the bill.
I will say, sir, in closing the brief remarks I
am now submitting to the committee, that I hardly
regard these suggestions of mine as implying any
inadvertence or omission on the part of the com-
mittee. I believe they intended to embrace these
very objects. I have examined carefully the amend-
ments l'eported by the committee, and 1 may say
that nearly all of them—perhaps all of them—meet
my entire approbation. I think that this commit-
tee have performed the duty intrusted to them
with very great judgment. I believe that nearly
every changc, if not every change, they propose,
is desirable, and will be found to be advantageous;
and I do not regard these suggestions of mine so
much as amendments to their propositions as the
carrying out of their own ideas as expressed in
their report, but not carried out to the extent which
my amendment provides.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I will state that
I think I have consulted all the members of the
committee who are present, and they agree to the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, and suppose it is necessary to carry out
their idea in regard to this matter.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The amendment of the committee, as amended,
was th,en adopted.
Fifteenth amendment:
Amend rule 58, by striking out all, and inserting in lieu
thereof the following:
The consideration of the unfinished business in which
the House may be engaged at an adjournmeut, shall be le-
sumed as soon as the Journal of the next day is read, and
at the same time each day thereafter until disposed of; and
if, from any cause, other business shall intervene, it shall
be resumed as soon as such other business is disposed of.
And the consideration of all other unfinished business shall
be resumed whenever the class of business to which it be-
longs shall bo m order under the rules.
The amendment was agreed to.
Sixteenth amendment:
Strike out all after the word " General," in the fourth
line, to and including the word " House," in the tenth lino
of the following rule:
"61. A proposition requesting information from the Pres-
ident of the United States, or duectmg it to be furnished
by the head ot either of the Executive Depaitments, or by
the Postmaster General, [or to print an extra number of any
document or other matter, excepting messages of the Pres-
ident to both Houses at the commencement of each ses-
sion of Congress, and the leports and documents connected
with or refened to in it, shall he on the tabht one day lor
consideration, unless otheiwise ordcied by the unanimous
consent of the House;] and all such propositions shall be
taken up for consideiation in the order they weie present-
ed, immediately after reports a) c called lot fiom select com-
mittees, and when adopted, the Clcik shall cause the same
to be delivered."
The amendment was agreed to.
Seventeenth amendment:
Amend nile 67, by striking out from the beginning to and
including the wo id " be," in the third line, and inseitmg
in heu thereof the words, " It shall be the duty of the Sor-
geant-at-AimV' an<1 ais0 by inserting after the word <k sit-
tings," in the same line, the wonl- " to aid in the enforce-
ment of ordei under the direction of the Speaker o that
it will lead:
It shall be the duty of the Sergeant-nt-Aim=to attend the
House during its sittings; to aid m the enioicement ot or-
der, under the direction of the Speaker; to execute the
commands of the House from time to time, together with
all such process issued byaiulionty thereof, as shall be
directed to him by the Speaker.
The amendment was agreed to.
Eighteenth amendment:
Strike out the 72d rule, as follows:
" The Sergeant-at-Aim-^hall be sworn to keep the secrets
of the House." (Piovidcd for by proposed amendment to
rule 14 )
The amendment was agreed to.
Nineteenth amendment:
Htnke out uile 73, a:-? follows :
" A Doorkeeper shall he appointed foi the service of the
House." (Piovidcd tor by pioposed amendment to rule 14.)
The amendment was agreed to.
Twentieth amendment:
Strike out lule 74, as follows :
-The Doorkeeper shall beswoin to keep the secrets of
the House." (Piovidcd for by proposed amendment to
rule 14 )
The amendment was agreed to.
Twenty-first amendment:
Strike out all of rule 75, as follows :
"The Postmaster, to supeiintend the post office kept in
the Capitol for the accommodation of the members, shall be
appointed by the Houseand m-eit:
I'hc Postmaster shall superintend the post office kept in
the Capitol for the accommodations of the members.
The amendment was agreed to.
Twenty-second amendment:
Amend rule 76, by striking nut the word " eight," in flic
first line, and inserting in lieu thereof the woid " seven ;
and al o by striking out the word  '&es-ioiv' mthc second
line, and inserting in lieu theieoi the word " Congress; so
that itwill read : .
Twenty-seven standing committees shall be appointed at
the commencement of each Congress-., viz :
Also, by striking out, on page 178, the words a Com-
mittee 011 Engraving, to consist of three members. '
The amendment was agreed to.
Twenty-third amendment:
Amend by striking out the words in hraekets in the fol-
lowing ruie : ,
" 78. It shall be the duty of the Committee of Ways and
Means to take into consideration all such reports of the
Treasury Department, and all such propositions relative to
the levenue, as may lie referred to tliera by the House; to
inquire into the state of the public debtor the revenue, and
of the expenditures, and to report, from time to time, their
opinion thereon ; [to examine into the state of the several
public Departments, and particularly into the laws making
appropriations of moneys, and to report whether the money*
have been disbursed contormabiy with such laws; and also
to report, from time to time, such provisions and arrange-
ments as may be ncccssary to add to the economy of the
Departments and the accountability of their officers..]"
The amendment was agreed to..
Twenty-fourth amendment:
Amend by striking-out the words " and also to audit the
accounts of the members for their travel to and from the seat
of Government," in the following rule;
" 102. It shall be the duty of the Committee of Accounts
to superintend and control the expenditures of the contin-
gent fund of the House of Kepresqntatives; also to audit
and settle all accounts which may be charged thereon; and
also to audit the accounts of the members for their travel
to and from the seat of Government, and their attendance
in the House."
The amendment was agreed, to.
Twenty-fifth amendment:
Amend rule 105 by striking out the word "six," in the
first line, and inserting " seven " in lieu thereof. Also, by
mseiting at the end of the rule: " 7. A committee on so
much of the public accounts and expenditures as relates to
the Interior Department;" so that the rule, as amended,
will read as follows:
105. Seven additional standing committee# shall be ap-
pointed at the commencement of the first session in eaeli
Congress, whose dutiesshall continue until the firstsession
of the ensuing Congress.
To consist of five Members each.
1. A committee on so much of the public accounts and
expenditui es as relates to the Department of State;
2. A committee on so much of the public accounts and
expenditures as relates to the Treasury Department;
3. A committee on so much of the public"accounts and
expenditures as relates to the Department of War;
4. A committee on &o much of the public accounts and
cxpendituios as iclates to the Department of the Navy;
5. A committee on so much of the public accounts and
expenditures as relates to the Post Office; and
6. A committee on so much of the public accounts and
expcndituies as iclates to the Public Buildings.
7. A committee on so much of the public accounts and
expenditures as relates to the Interior Department.
(Tin* amendment simply provides for the appointment of
a committee in relation to a Department organized since
the la^t revision of the rules.)
The amendment was agreed to.
Twenty-sixth amendment:
Amend rule 104, by striking out the words " there shall
be appointed a standing committee ot this House, to con-
sist oi thiee members, to be called the Committee on En-
giaving, to whom shall be icferred, by the Clerk," and in-
citing in lieu thereof the words " there shall be referred,
by tiie Cleik, to the members of the Committee on Printing
on the pan of the Houseso that it will read:
Thoie shall be icferred, by the Cleik, to the members of
the Committee on Printingon the part of the House, all
diawings, maps, charts or other papers, which may at any
tunc come befoie tiie House for engraving, lithographing,
or publishing in anyway; which committee shall report
to the House whether the same ought, in their opinion, to
be published; and if the House order the publication ©f
the same, that said committee shall diiect the size and
mannei of execution of all such maps, ciiarts, drawings, or
other papers, and contract by agreement, in writing, foi
all such engraving, lithographing, printing, drawing, and
coloring, as may be ordered by the House; which agree-
ment, lii writing, shall be furnished by said committee to
the Committee of Accounts, to govern said committee in
all allowances for such works; and it shall be in order for
said committee to report at all times.
The amendment wag agreed to.
Twenty-seventh amendment:
Strike out rule 118, as follows :
" Not more than three bills, originating in the House,
shall lie committed to the same Committee of the Whole;
and such bills shall lie analogous in their nature, which an-
alogy diall be determined by the Speaker."
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Without any very
strong hope that the amendment which I am about
to propose will meet the approbation of the com-
mittee, I move to substitute the following for rule
118, which the committee propose to strike out,
and I submit the amendment without comment:
Insert after the figure " 8," the words: No bill shall con-
tain more than one general subject, which shall be clearly
expressed in its title ; no amendment upon a subject not so
expressed in the title, shall be in order; andno bill or joint
i evolution reviving or amending any act or joint resolution,
shall be in order unless it contain the entire act or joint
resolution proposed to be revived, or the section or sections
pi oposed to be amended; and contain also a repeal of sueti
section or sections.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The amendment as reported by the committee
was then agreed to.
Twenty-eighth amendment:
Amend rule 119, by adding at the cod thereof the words,
