1860.
THE GOtfGEESSIONAL GLOBE,
the electoral vote of Illinois to James Buchanan by
nine thousand majority over Fremont. Whether
or not Filimore's running hurt us or helped us is
a disputed question; but the opinion of Governor
Richardson, who was the standard-bearer at the
time, was, that Fillmore's running injured Bu-
chanan and defeated him. My own opinion, at
the opening of the canvass, was, that Fillmore
would help us; but I was convinced, before the
election, that his running was an injuijrto us;
and I think every Democratic candidate in the
field came to that conclusion. Illinois has never
failed the Democracy heretofore in any presiden-
tial struggle. It is rather hard to taunt her with
not being a Democratic State, and then to come
in and claim Kentucky as a certain Democratic
State. How many times has she voted so in your
lifetime and mine ? She is a glorious State, and
has produced as many eminent orators and states-
men as any other in the Union; the State of Henry
Clay, who was the pride of the whole country;
but still, when did she give her vote for the Dem-
ocratic party, except at the last election and once
for General Jackson ? She has been pretty uni-
formly against the Democratic party.
Tennessee, too, is claimed as a certain Demo-
cratic State. How did she vote in 1852, when Presi-
dent Pierce was elected? Itstrikesmethatsheand
Kentucky both voted for Scott,against Pierce. It
strikes me, too, that Tennessee, now, out of ten
members of Congress, has seven against the Dem-
ocratic party, and only three for it. She is one of
the " Democratic States!" One of the "certain
States!" Kentucky, I believe, has exactly the
same number of Opposition and Democratic mem-
bers of Congress, provided one contested case
should be decided right; and if not, I suppose the
Opposition will have a majority of her delegation.
North Carolina is another "certain Democratic
State;" and how stand her Congressmen? How
will her vote be cast if the election goes into the
House of Representatives ? I believe that certainly
one half of them are the opponents of the Demo-
cratic party. The Maryland delegation is also
equally divided. In certain contingencies, the
election may possibly go to the House of Repre-
sentatives, and there you will fail to get the vote
of Maryland, North Carolina, Tennessee, and
Kentucky, these "certain Democratic States,"
that ought to overrule the others on the platform.
I cannot admit that all these States are certain for
the Democratic party, nor can I admit that the
others are certain against us. How was it in
1852, when General Pierce was elected? Pie got
every northern State but two—Massachusetts and
Vermont casting eighteen votes against him—and
evu'y southern State but Kentucky and Tennes-
see casting, I believe, twenty-six votes against
him. The South gave more electoral votes against
Pierce than the North did.
Mr. DAVIS. What has that to do with it?
Mr. DOUGLAS. It has this much to do with
it: that when we had a'non-intervention platform,
with no disturbing element leading to abuses such
as there were in Kansas, the North was Demo-
cratic. That is what it bos to do with it, and it
is not fair to try to disfranchise or deny the equal
rights to those northern States who were uni-
formly Democratic until they were borne down
fighting your battles, to save you from an enemy.
What converted New Hampshire, Pierce's own
State, which had been so uniformly Democratic,
into an abolition State, except the battles which
we fought against abolitionism and in defense of
the principle of non-intervention ? Maine has
been swept by the board in the same way; and
Ilhode Island and Connecticut, although now
these two States are very nearly balanced. New
York has never lost to the Democratic party ex-
cept for the same cause. Pennsylvania has suf-
fered in the same way. Ohio has always been
carried, except when this question was bearing us
down. We carried it even for Cass. Indiana
has never failed us, I believe, since 1840. Every
northern State has failed us at times except Illinois,
and yet she is to be disfranchised and overruled
because she is not " certain !"
I should like to know how many States will be
"certain," if you repudiate the Cincinnati plat-
form, strike away the flag-staff, pull down the
old Democratic banner, and run up this new one;
this Yancey flag of intervention by Congress for
slavery in the Territories in all cases where the
people do not want it. How many do you think
you will get? You tell us, too, that the South
cannot be carried on the Charleston platform; at
any rate, we are told so by others, i If they can-
not, then are those States not certainly Demo-
cratic. You want to change the platform from
what it was, because the South cannot be carried
on the same issues upon which we triumphed in
1856! Then they are not " certainly Democratic
States." If Mississippi will not go for a candidate
on the same platform now that she did in 1856,
I reckon that Mississippi is either not Demo-
cratic now, or she was not then. Ala.bama voted
for Buchanan, in 1856, on the Cincinnati plat-
form. All we ask is the same platform, and a
candidate holding the same opinions. Will not
Alabama stand by him now? She was a Dem-
ocratic State in 1856; and if Democracy has not
changed, she ought to be now. If she will not
stand by the organization, by what right do you
call her a Democratic State ? So with Georgia;
so with South Carolina; so with every one of
these States whose delegates seceded because wo
did not change the platform, and repudiated our
time-honored principles. Sir, I do not believe
those people have changed. I believe the people
of every one of those States are now as much at-
tached to the old principles of the party and its
organization as they ever were. I believe they
will repudiate the action of those men who are
willing to divide and destroy the party merely
because they cannot carry out theirpccuhar views.
The Senator has said that I got but eleven votes
in the convention from the certain Democratic
States. He did not tell where I got them. I think
1 got that number in Illinois. She has never failed
yet to be Democratic, and she ought to be con-
sidered certain until she has failed once; especially
she ought not be impeached by a State which ac-
knowledges that she has swerved from the true
path, once at least. I think there were some votes
given in some other States scattered around—Ten-
nessee, Virginia, North Carolina,and Maryland.
These States were all Democratic when the com-
mittee men were voting on the platform. But I
will not discuss such a matter. It is enough for
me that the convention decided that these new tests
were anti-Democratic, and ought not to bo adopted.
But the Senator hopes still that the party is going
to be reunited. He says it is a very easy thing.
If we will only acquiesce in letting the seceders
make a nomination, we can all fight together and
be reunited! Sir, let the Democratic Senators at-
tend to their official duties, and leave the national
conventions to make their platforms, and the party
will be united. Where does this trouble come
from ? From our own caucus chambers—a caucus
of Senators dictating to the people what sort of
platform they shall have. You have been told
that no less than twelve southern Senators warned
you in the caucus against the consequences of try-
ing to force senatorial caucus platforms on the
party. Sir, I do not know when the people ever
put it in a Senator's commission that he is to get
up platforms for the national conventions, on the
supposition that the delegates who go there have
not sense enough to do it themselves.
Although the action of the caucus was heralded
to the world to be, as was generally understood,
for the purpose of operating on the Charleston
convention, it did not have its effect. The reso-
lutions lay still. When it was proposed to post-
pone them hare in the Senate, before the Charles-
ton convention, I voted against the postponement.
I wanted to give a chance for a vote on them
before the party acted. I did not believe the
party then would agree to the dictation. I do
not think they would obey the order. Sir, the
Charleston convention scorned it, and ratified the
old platform. Is it supposed now that this dis-
cussion, or the votes that, may be given m*the
Senate, are going to frighten the Democratic party
at Baltimore into an abandonment of its princi-
ples? What other object can there be in pressing
these resolutions at this time but that? Why
should the public business be postponed? Why
are the overland mail routes thrown aside ? Why
is the Pacific railroad almost abandoned? Why
are all the great measures for the public good made
to give place to the emergency of passing some
abstract resolutions on the subject of politics, to
reverse the Democratic platform, under the sup-
position that the representatives of the people are
men of weak nerve, who are going to be fright-
ened by the thunders of the Senate Chamber.
I think the country understands this whole
thing. If the matter had been left to- the people
without any interference from this body, you
would not have heard a word from me on the sub-
ject. Iam assailed and arraigned. If_Idonot
defend myself, J am taunted; and if I do", my de-
fense is tortured into an attack upon others. "I
attacked nobody. The Senator from Missis-
sippi will admit that I did not attack him. I con-
ceded his consistency, and proved my own by it.
Certainly, that was no attack. X attacked no other
man—not even the Presiding Officer, as intimated
by the Senator from Mississippi. It was neces-
sary for me, in my vindication, to prove that I
stand now where I stood, and where the party
stood, in 1856. To do that, it was necessary to
quote the platform, and to quote the acceptances
by the candidates on that platform. I quoted
Mr. Buchanan for that reason, and only for that
reason. I quoted Major Breckinridge for that
reason, and only for that. Is it an assault on liim
to quote truly what he said ? That carries an im-
plication against the Vice President that I have
never hinted. It can be no assault upon him to
quote his speech, unless he has changed since,and
I did not intimate that he had. But to treat it as
an assault, is an intimation by the Senator from
Mississippi that the Vice President's record of
four years ago would not compare very well with
it now. I have made no soch intimation. I have
cast no such imputation. I said no word by which
it could be inferred that he does not stand to-day
where he did in 1856 and 1854 on this question.
So with Mr. Buchanan. I quoted his letter of
acceptance, written in language so plain that it
could not be misunderstood; but to quote what he
said then is an attack. Why? It is not, unless he
has changed since. It is a compliment, if I quoted
it truly and he still stands by it. If I should quote
one of the Senator's speeches, and say, "Sir, 1
approve and indorse it," would that be an attack ?
Certainly he would think that I intended to do
him justice by doing so, unless he had changed
since, and was, therefore, a little tender about hav-
ing his former opinions known. So it is with every
person that I have alluded to. I quoted every one
of them as authority, without an intimation that
one of them had changcd. If any of them has
changed, ho will have to look into the speech of
the Senator from Mississippi, and not to mine,
to find out the fact; and then let them determine
who has assailed them—he or I. No, sir, I
attack no one. I have no interest in other men's
records, if they will let mealone; but I have proven,
beyond all controversy—the Senate know it, and
the world will understand it—that the Democratic
party was pledged by its organization and its plat-
form for years to the same principles enunciated
by the party at Charleston.
The Senator, again, is anxious to get up a defi-
nition of squatter sovereignty. He wanted mc to
define it. It is his bantling, not mine.
Mr. DAVIS. Iasked the Senator from Illinois
to define what he meant by non-intervention.
Mr, DOUGLAS. I understood him distinctly
to ask me to define squatter sovereignty.
Mr. DAVIS. I said you treated non-inter-
vention as synonymous with squatter sover-
eignty, and I asked you several times to define
non-intervention.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I treated them as synony-
mous, merely because the Senator had used them
as convertible terms, and I replied in the same
sense, and only in that. But, sir, in regard'to
this dogma of squatter sovereignty, that is a nick-
name that has been given in derision, not by its
friends. As first chiistened, so far as I know
the debates of this body, I should have no objec-
tion to it. When the people of Oregon found them-
selves without any government—when this Gov-
ernment failed to extend its laws over the Terri-
tory—they, on the principle of self-defense, erected
a government of their own, provisional, tempo-
rary in its character, and governed themselves for
many years wisely, justly, and well. Mr. Cal-
houn called that squatter sovereignty. He said
those people were there without authority of law,
without any title to the land, without any per-
mission to go there; that they had set up a gov-
ernment without any authority from Congress
under the Constitution. They went by squatter
right, and held by squatter title, and enacted laws
by squatter sovereignty. That was the origin of
it. It was defended then only on the principle of
