1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Then, sir, I say there is nothing in the consti-
tutional objection; there is nothing in the practice
of the Government against this measure; and for
my life I am totally unable to discover a single
reason against it, except that you wish to prevent
the people from improving their own harbors in
order to make a greater power to vise the public
Treasury ;,and it comes in a strange day. The
gentleman is opposing a policy that he knows, as
well as 1 do, (for he is upon the Committee 011
Commerce,) was the uniform policy of the coun-
try until within the last twenty years, when occa-
sionally bills have been got through to appropriate
money from the Federal Treasury for these ob-
jects; and that system has had the effect of de-
stroying more improvements than it has ever
built up. Here are a set of men looking at, lazily
watching, the public Treasury; hoping now and
then to get a bad President—a man who believes
in laige powers on the part of this Government;
to escape vetoes by great combinations of inter-
est; and they have, for the last fifteen or twenty
years, succeeded in obtaining an abandonment of
the old policy. I wish to go back to the earlier
policy of the Government; I think it is a wise
policy. I think it gives security that 110 more
money will be raised than is necessary for the
purpose, and that the money that is raised will
fee fairly and honestly expended for the public,
interest. For the reasons winch I have stated,
I think the bill of my fuend from Alabama is
eminently proper, constitutional, and just; and I
hope it will receive the support of the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator from Georgia
has failed wholly to reply to the position which
I took that we had no information as to what
ought to be done at this port, what was requisite,
or what would be the amount necessary to per-
form it. There was one other point which I
meant to have made when 1 spoke briefly before;
but having omitted to do so, 1 desirenow to make
it. You have before the Senate another bill of
this description allowing tonnage duties to be
levied at New Orleans upon all vessels passing up
the Mississippi river. You will find that that bill
is different in its provisions from this. That bill
prescribes, I think, the number of tons which a
vessel must rate before she can have any duty
levied 011 her. There is very good reason for this.
A vessel that can pass over those waters without
any improvement, a vessel drawing only ten feet
where there arc always eighteen feet of water,
could never derive any benefit from deepening the
channel to twenty-two feet, because eighteen feet
would be a great deal more water than she would
ever want. Now, I am unadvised as to what is
the depth of water at Mobile. The Senator from
Georgia may tell me, or the Senator from Alabama
may tell me; but tins 1 presume to be true, that
the water at Mobile is not of sufficient capacity
to float your large ships,and hence some improve-
ment is necessary; but if it is of sufficient depth
to float your smaller vessels, the vessels that go
coastwise, I ask if it is not a monstrous proposi-
tion to impose a duty upon all little vessels which
cannot, in any possible contingency, be benefited
by any improvements that you propose for the
benefit of a larger class of ships that may be ben-
efited by deepening your channel, or improving
your harbor in some other way. That is another
objection which I make to this bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, 1 move to
postpone this bill for the purpose of taking up
Senate bill No. 37, to deepen the channel over the
St. Clair flats.
Mr. HALE. Is that national ?
Mr. CHANDLER. It is national. I merely
wish to remark that the bill before the Senate is,
in my estimation, the opening wedge to a new
system, to wit: the system of damming np by
great private corporation monopolies the harbors
and rivers and waters of this continent. I saw
the other day a statement, from the Chamber of
Commerce 111 New York, upon ail application
made for a tonnage duty to deepen the channel
through Hell Gate, and that statement set forth
that one cent a ton 011 the commerce passing over
Hell Gale would amount to over ninety-six thou-
sand dollars a year. What this will amount to
I do not know; but I am opposed to the whole
system, and therefore I wish to antagonize the
proposition of deepening the great national chan-
nel over the St. Clair flats with this measure to
assess tonnage duties for deepening the harbor
of Mobile. There are eight million inhabitants
at this moment in the States touching the lakes,
directly interested in their commerce, and more
than eight million people more who are indirectly
interested m that commerce. If there is anything
which is national, it is the channel over those
flats; and I hope the Senate will postpone this
bill for the purpose of taking up that bill and pass-
ing it.
Mr. MALLORY. I shall feel it my duty, sir,
to ask the Senate to postpone all prior orders for
the purpose of taking up the naval appropriation
bill. The hour of twelve o'clock has nearly ar-
rived; there are but five minutes left before that
bill comes up regularly.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. The motion of the Sen-
ator from Florida, I suppose, will hardly bo in
order at this time. It lacks but a few minutes of
the time when his bill will come up regularly in
order. "What did I understand to be the motion
of the Senator from Michigan? *
Mr. CHANDLER. To postpone the consid-
eration of this bill and take up the St. Clair flats
bill.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I am a little surprised,
Mr. President, at the opposition manifested to
this bill. I regret that my colleague's indispo-
sition has prevented him from being here. Being
chairman of the Committee on Commerce, he has
had charge of this measure, and thoroughly un-
derstands it. The Senator from Georgia, also a
member of that committee, who is urging it, fully
understands the measure. The Senator from
Maine, I suppose, is also fully in possession of
all the facts of the case, as he is a member of the
Committee on Commerce; and why opposition
should come from that quarter to a measure that
I may say is purely local, is to me a matter of
astonishment. So far as the constitutional power
of Congress to enact this bill is concerned, I sup-
pose that will hardly be denied at this day in the
Senate. It is a power that has been exercised
almost from the formation of the Government; a
power that no one questions; and why the Sen-
ator from Maine, oratiy other Senator out of Ala-
bama, should protest against Alabama's right to
tax the commerce entering the port of Mobile, for
the improvement of the harbor, is to me some-
what surprising. The Senator from Georgia is
entirely correct 111 saying it is a local measure;
one that Alabama and her representatives alone
ought to have a right to control. The bill has
received the sanction of the Legislature of my
State, and I take it for granted it is in accordance
with the public opinion of thatState; butwhether
that be so or not, 1 know it meets my sanction,
and if meets the sanction of my colleague, and I
am anxious that it should pass the Senate. The
Senator from Maine is well aware, and so are all
the members 011 that side of the House, that the
people 111 our section of the country are entirely
opposed to a system of internal improvements by
the Geneial Government; and hence, when bills
arc proposed here making appropriations for in-
ternal improvements in other sections of the coun-
try, we, according to the deliberate opinions we
entertain, cannot consistently ask for appropria-
tions from the Federal Government for these pur-
poses in our section. The Senator knows it is
our doctrine that the most legitimate mode of im-
proving our harbors is according to the system
provided by this bill. Alabama comes forward
and simply asks the assent of Congress to an act
of the General Assembly of that State, to enable
the people of Mobile to tax themselves. It may
be that gentlemen oppose tins measure for the
considerations intimated by the Senator from
Georgia, because the design may be to force us,
as a matter of necessity, to come here and ask for
Federal appiopnations for internal improvement
purposes. We want to avoid that. We believe,
that theie is no grant of power to the Federal
Government to carry on a general, reckless sys-
tem of internal improvements; and I am one of
those who believe that the most legitimate sys-
tem, the most appiopnate system, is the one rec-
ognized and contemplated 111 this bill.
The question has been fully elaborated and
explained by the honorable Senator from Geor-
gia, who is 011 the Committee 011 Commerce, and
he thoroughly and fully understands it; and see-
ing that there are but a few minutes to elapse
before we shall be cut off from any further action
on this bill, 1 shall not detain the Senate longer,
and trust the motion of the Senator from Mich-
igan will not prevail, but that we shall have a vote \ .
at once upon the bill itself. \F
Mr. PCJGH. I do not think we ought to act "
upon this bill now; but I do not want to be driven
to lay aside one bill for improvement to take up
another. I want this Alabama bill to lie over,
because I am not satisfied about two or three
principles involved; and I think the Senator from
Georgia has erred in matters of fact and history
in two or three points of his statement. We have
no time now to debate it; but I think the Senator
from Michigan had better withdraw his motion,
and let the order of the day come up, and we can
look into this bill.
Mr. SEWARD. I beg to support the propo-
sition of the honorable Senator from Ohio; and I
appeal to the honorable Senator from Michigan
to withdraw his motion, and let us take a direct
vote.
Mr. CHANDLER. I withdraw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The motion to postpone being with-
drawn, the question recurs on the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Maine to the amend-
ment of the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want to make one word of
reply to the Senator from Alabama. He says
that his colleague fully understands this question.
I do not dispute it. lie says the Senator from
Georgia fully understands it. I do not dispute
that. He also says that I understand it/ully. I
can assure the Senator that there he is mistaken;
and he is mistaken because I tell the Senate the
facts have never been presented to the Committee
on Commerce. We were never told what they
wanted to do, and how much it would cost to do
it, in any way or by anybody.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I will ask the Senator
if he is not a member of the Committee on Com-
merce ?
Mr. HAMLIN. Certainly I am; and I am
telling the Senator now that there was not a fact
presented to that committee but the naked bill.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I made my statement
on the hypothesis that the Senator was there
when the bill was up, and that it was fully dis-
cussed and understood.
Mr. HAMLIN. I was present; but I say there
was no discussion on it, and 110 fact whatever
brought forward. There were no facts presented
—not one.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour of
twelve having arrived, the Chair presents the un-
finished business of yesterday, which is the naval,
appropriation bill; and the pending question is 011
the amendment moved by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. GW1N. 1 ask the Senator from Florida
to allow me to take up a hill for the purpose of
making it a special order for to-morrow morning.
Mr. MALLORY. I shall not object if it will
give rise to no discussion or delay.
1 The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent to entertain the motion.
Mr. CLARK. I object.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope the Senator from Cal-
ifornia will not insist upon his motion. It will
lead to debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection be-
| mg made, the motion of the Senator from Cali-
! forma cannot be entertained.
1 NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
1 The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
i resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
| 500) making appropriations for the naval service
j for the year ending the 30th of June, 1861; the
pending question being on the amendment of Mr. "
; Wilsox, to insert after the word " dollars,"in
'■ line twenty of the second page, at the end of the
! clause makinganappropriation for the repair and
equipment of vessels of the Navy:
Provided, That of this sum $300,000 shall be lor the pui-
1 chase of throe steam ves.se!-, to be emploxed in the sup-
1 pre-sion of the slave trade ; said steamer to be not less than
!; llnce hundred and lil'ty toni, nor more than eight hundred
> tons tiuidnn, ami to be purchased under the diieetion of tho
i Secretary of the Navy, after a tut! and Ihoiou^li examina-
I tioil ot the same by ail examining boaid, 10 be composed of
j two naval officers, two naval eonsti'uciois, and two engi-
'. neers of the .Vav.w anil after the report of said examining
p board on the condition and qualities of the boats reeoin-
' mended 01 teported to the Depaitment has been examined
; byrhe chief ot the Bureau of Construction andltepairs, and
! after a lecommemulation that the puiehase of any steamer
| so recommended or reported ought to be made.
