190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 20, 1859.
^Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. P. D. Gturley,
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, in pursuance
of previous notice, asked and obtained leave to
introduce a bill (S. No. 1) to grant to any person
who is the head of a family and a citizen of the
United States, a homestead of one hundred and
sixty acres of land, out of the public domain, on
condition of occupancy and cultivation of the same
for the period therein specified; which was read
twice by its title, and ordered to lie on the table
until the committees are appointed.
TERRITORIAL POLICY.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be no
further morning business, the Senate will proceed
to the consideration of the following resolution,
submitted by the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Pugh]
on Thursday last.
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of repealing &o much oi' the-
acts approved September 9, 1850, lor the organization of
' terntoiial governments in New Mexico and Utah, as re-
quire? that all the laws passed by the Legislatures ot those
Tcmtoiies shall be submitted to Congress for approval oi
rejection.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to offer the follow- j
ing amendment to the resolution, to be inserted at ;
the end thereof: i
i
And said committee 1.5 ai^o nutmctcd to inquire into the 1
piopnety of authorizing the people of each of said Tern- ;
tones to clect all thou territonal officeis, executive* legis-
lative and judicial, in such manner as the Legislatures
thereof shall provide.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President 
Mr. PUGH. 1 ask the Senator from Missouri
to allow me one moment to correct an omission.
I stated yesterday that I would hand to the re-
porters a paragraph from the opinion of Judge
Campbell m the Dred Scott ease, and I forgot it.
I wish to read it now:
" 1 admit that to mailc the bounds for the jurisdiction of
the Ooveinmentof the United States within the Tetntoiv,
and 01 power m 1 expect to peitons and things. \v itlunthc
raun.cipaiMihdiVi^ion:iit has erojted.m awoik 0/delicacy
and difliouky,and, in a gieat measuie, is bejond file cogni- !
zanee ot the judiciary department 01' that Government. !
How much municipal power maybe exercised by the peo-
ple oi the TVmton, boloic then* admission to the Union,
the oouiH of justice cannot decide. This mu-t depend,
tor the nio-t pa.it, on political considerations, which cannot
entei into the determination of n ca«te of law or equity. 1
do not feel called upon to define the junsdietion oi Con-
gress. It is.-ufficicntfor the decision of this ease to ascer-
tain wheihet the rc-uluaiy Kwereigntj of the State, or
people has been mvadod by the eighth section of tin* act of
March G, 1830, I have cited, in >0 fai as it concerns the ;
capacity and statu? of per on - tn the condition and circum- |
Mancei> 01 the plr, nt ff and hio family." j
Mr. GREEN. I move to postpone the consid-
eration of the resolution and amendment until
next Monday, for this reason: the committees
are not now organized, and we do not know what
will be the character and complexion of the Com-
mittee on Territories. One other reason is this:
I shall speak to the resolution and to the amend-
ment, but to-day I am not able to attempt to
do so.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I like that sug-
gestion of postponing this resolution, for it gives
mc occasion to throw out a single fact in the his-
tpry of the country which I think may as well be
considered now. It is this: I find by looking back,
that from the commencement of the Government
down to the present time, there never has been a
member of the United States Senate elected to the
Presidency. In considering what may be the
reason for this, because f have had my attention
turned to it, } am inclined to suppose that it is
owing to the introduction of these resolutions,
and to making these filibustering speeches, and
drawing gentlemen out incautiously, so that they
put their foot 111 it before they know exactly
where they are going. When that is under-
stood, I think it will have a tendency to shorten
these debates, [laughter;] and by postponing this
resolution until Monday, we shall have time for
reflection.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. SLIDELL, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 20, 1859.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Byron Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and appro ved.
PAIRING OFF.
Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Clerk, I wish to state
that my colleague, Mr. Landrum,is still confined
to his room. He is sitting up, and is very com-
fortable; but I desire to say to the other side that
I deem it imprudent that he should come out, and
I therefore propose that some gentleman on the
other side should pair off with him. I myself
have never hesitated, when there was anything pe-
culiar in the circumstances of gentlemen—whether
it grew out of personal indisposition or indispo-
sition in their families—to pair off in order to
preserve the equality between parties when im-
portant questions were to be decided.
I certainly hope that the same courtesy will be
extended to gentlemen upon this side of the
House, when it would be not only possible, but
easy to bring my colleague here, but when the |
state of his health is such that he might suffer if |
he came here, and perhaps have a relapse. Un- ]
less some such arrangement be made, I think gen-
tlemen will find it difficult to get a vote to-day.
Mr. GROW. We have heard this appeal from
the gentleman from Louisiana every day. We
find no fault with that; but I desire to ask the
gentleman if he thinks it is quite fair on the floor
of the House to appeal to one ssde, to pair off
some gentleman who is here 111 his seat, with j
some gentleman on the other side who is absent, j
no matter from what cause? That has been done j
a number of times. Nov/ my notion about pair- I
ing is this, that when some gentleman is unable j
to attend, it is his duty, or that of his friends, to j
find some person who will pair individually, un- j
derstanding all the circumstances of the case, and
not to make appeals to one side of the House to
offset votes upon the floor. If the gentleman is
able to be here, then there is no reason why any
gentleman who is here in his seat should pair off
with him. If he is not able to be here, then theie
is no reason why a gentleman who is here, and
is able to attend to his duties, should be left off
the record. Nov/, until this session, I have never
heard appeals made upon this floor to gentlemen
upon one side of the House to offset their votes
with absentees. Heretofore pairs have been made
by individuals knowing all the circumstances of
the ease, and to suit their own convenience. But
there is no fairness 111 a pair where one gentleman
must be absent—I care not from what cause—and
another is in his seat. Such a ihmg never was
intended when the system of pairing off was com-
menced, because vou might thus keep the House j
forever blocked. There is 110 more propriety in 1
pairing a man who is detained from the House by J
sickness, than there would be m pairing a man
who died.
Mr. TAYLOR. I have listened to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, I must confess, with
some pain. If a man die, it is of course impos-
sible that his vote should be had, and no pair could
be asked. When a member is indisposed, how-
ever, thS question takes another aspect, and es-
pecially when he is in the city—and not only that,
but only three squares from tlie Capitol. Then
it resolves itself into a question of courtesy. My
colleague has been ill—quite ill; he is now recover-
ing. I left him but an hour since, seated at his fire,
but with a perfect conviction that it would be wrong
for him to come to this Hall to oast his vote. He
is physically able to come here; he may be brought
here; but it might be productive of serious injury
to his health. Under such eircumstanees I think
it is right and proper to make a pair; under similar
circumstances I have myself paired with gentlemen
upon the other side. I have paired, too, under other
circumstances. When a gentleman upon the other ;
side has come to me and said, "My wife is ill at j
home, and suffering; I desire logo there, in order j
to be with her in hersickness," I have never hes- !
itated, and I never shall hesitate, to consent to a ;
pair which contributes to the softening of the ills
which are incident to humanity, and which, in
my opinion, is right and proper. I have done
that again and again, but I am sorry to say that
1 have found it difficult to make an arrangement
of that sort upon the other side of the House. The
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Carter,] I be-
lieve, paired yesterday with my colleague with a
good deal of unwillingness; not that his heart and
feelings were not in favor of it, but because it was
possible that, in the position in which we are now
placed, it might have the effect of compromising
him in some degree with his party friends; but he
yielded to the instincts of his nature, to those
kindly feelings which I know to possess him, and
made a pair. Under the circumstances of the case
I would not apply to that gentleman to renew the
pair, nor would I apply to any other individual;
I would only appeal to the party; and I will state
that, so far as depends upon me, if my appeal is
not responded to, I shall suggest to gentlemen upon
this side of the House that they shall have recourse
to those methods familiar to us all which will have
the effect of preventing a vote. It is well known
that, during the last Congress, I paired off twice
with gentlemen whose wives were ill at home, and
I remained here for ten days without voting upon
a question which was one that interested us alL
I did it bccause it would have been possible, been
easy, for those gentlemen to be here, but it would
have been at the sacrifice of their own feelings,
and of the comfort of their suffering wives and dis-
tressed families, which I, for one, was not prepared
to inflict; which I, for one, was willing to prevent,
when it could be done by a sacrifice which only
prevented my name from appearing on the rec-
ord, but which left parties in a state of equality
upon this floor.
Mr. CLEMJGNS obtained the floor.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman from Virginia
will allow me. I do not wish that the gentleman
from Louisiana shall misunderstand me. I was.
objecting to the practice, which, I think, has never
prevailed here before, of asking, 011 the floor of
the House, one side to offset the absent votes on
the other. I know that there has been pairing in
this House ever since I have been in Congress,
but not in this mode, and I think it is a bad prac-
tice. I do not object to the practice of pairing,
but I do object to the mode in which it is now
done. You will find some gentlemen upon our
side who are sick and almost too unwell to be
here; yet here they are. If gentlemen choose to
make these pairs, very well; I do not object to it;
but for one side to come into the House and ask
the other side to offset all their absent members. I
do not think is perfectly fair.
Mr. TAYLOR. I stated that my inquiries
yesterday and the day before, so far as they ex-
tended, convinced me that it was not easy to
find a person who was willing to pair off, and
that for 0110 I was under infinite obligations to the
gentleman fiom New York [Mr. Carter] who
generously and kindly consented to make a pair
yesterday, and, I am afraid, under circumstances
that were not as satisfactory to him as I would
desire.
Mr. GROW. If the gentleman will allow me, I
willsay to him that my colleague'[Mr. Schwartz]
has been here day after day, scarcely able to re-
main in his seat. It may be that he will pair oh
with Mr. Landrum. But that will be, of course,
for him to determine.
Mr. TAYLOR. I will say to the gentleman
that I was informed yesterday thatMr. Schwartz
was in such a state of health as to make it hardly
possible for him to remain here; but I was also
distinctly informed at that tini<-that Mr. Schwartz
declined to pair.
Mr. GROW. Thar point is of course for him
to determine.
Mr. TAYLOR. Certainly, sir.
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 think, as a matter of fair
dealing, that I am entitled to know what the pol-
icy of the other side of the House is going tq be.
If, since our meeting yesterday, there has been
proper to pursue :
test, I think 1 am entitled to know it; and for this
reason: It is known to those who sit here with
me that I have been here from day to day at great
inconvenience to myself, ao.d sometimes at great
personal risk and suffering. I am now paired,
and niy hands tied for the next ten days, purely
out of a desire to accommodate two gentlemen,
one of whom wished to bo absent in New York;
and in the other instance, tho member wished to
go to his home, notwithstanding that I expect to
bepresentduringthes^ssions of the House. Now,
