2154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
self-defense, which principle the Senator to-day
has recognized; and in the Oregon bill, to which
he has referred, there was a provision, when we
organized the territorial government, that the
laws then in force in that Territory, by the au-
thority of the provisional government formed by
the people thereof, should remain in force for a
certain time, unless altered or repealed by the
Legislature.
One of those laws was a prohibition of slavery
in the Territory.
There was the idea of a squatter government
under squatter authority excluding slavery. It
existed by the same authority as a provisional
government now exists in Dakota; the same au-
thority as one exists now at Pike's Peak; the
same authority as one now exists in Nevada;
and exercises unlimited squatter sovereignty over
every tiling because there are no courts there to
appeal to by which their legislation can be an-
nulled. If you are opposed to that squatter sov-
ereignty, why doyou not bring in your bills to
organize regular Territories, abolish these squat-
ter governments, and institute regular govern-
ments in their places? You have not an excuse
that the chairman of the Committee on Territo-
ries does not represent your views. If these squat-
ter governments be such bad things, why do you
not corrcctthem? I called the attention of the
Senate to it several weeks, if not months, ago.
Everyman in Pike's Peak is there in violation of
law; every man of them has incurred the penalty
of $1,000 fine and six months' imprisonment for
going m violation of the Indian intercourse law,
and seizing, without authority, upon land to which
the Indian title is not extinguished. The Gov-
ernment looks on and sees the laws violated, these
people rushing in in violation of treaty and law,
establishing a squatter government, setting up a
Legislature and aGovernorof their own, passing
laws for laying out towns, selling town lots, tax-
ing property, and selling it for the non-payment
of taxes, before the Indian title is extinguished.
There you have got squatter sovereignty. Why
do you not correct it? 1 have been calling your
attention to it all the winter in the hope of getting
it corrected, but cannot do it.
Besides, the squatter government at Pike's
Peak is there in actual rebellion against the regu-
larly constituted territorial government of Kansas.
A squatter government has been set up inside of
the territorial limits of Kansas, in defiance of its
authority. A Legislature has been sitting there
in defiance of the Territorial Legislature, and the
people there have superseded the authority of
Governor Medary, whom you sent, by Gov-
ernor Steele, whom they elected in his place.
There is squatter sovereignty. I am against all
that. I am for the great principle of popular sov-
ereignty, of which President Pierce spoke in his
message; that is, to allow the people of an organ-
izes Territory to exercise all the rights of self-
government according to the Constitution, and
no more. That is what I am for: that they shall
be held in subordination to the Constitution; ex-
ercise the right of self-government consistent with
the Constitution; and if they violate it, their act
shall be declared null in the same way that tiie
acts of a State Legislature are—liy the courts.
Then the void acts, being so declared, are void
without any repeal, and you want no intervention
at all in that case.
The Senator has referred to one of the compro-
mise measures of 185(1, which provided for the
abolition of the slave trade in this District, and
calls that intervention.
Mr. DAVIS. Will you describe the act?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will describe it according
to my recollection, and I think I recollect it dis-
tinctly. The act makes it unlawful to bring any
slave into this District, from any State, for sale;
and the penalty for the violation of the act is the
forfeiture of the, title—the freedom of the slave.
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose the Senator, of course,
lias forgotten the character of the act. That is
not at all the thing, and 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will hear the Senator's
statement; and perhaps I shall accept his state-
ment of it.
Mr. DAVIS. If it wili save any time, I have
do objection at all to tell him that the act is to
prohibit the introduction of a slave into the Dis-
tiici with a vi<*w to.his removal and sale at some
other placc and time—not m the same place.
Mr. DOUGLAS. No matter. I accept it in
that way. The act is that it shall be unlawful to
bring a slave into this District with a view to re-
move him to some other place for sale. The Sen-
ator regards thatas unconstitutional. He regards
it as an abominable law. lie told us so the other
day. He expccts the Supreme Court so to de-
clare. Yet that act was one of the compromise
measures of 1850; one of those measures indorsed
by the Baltimore platform of 1852, when they said
they indorsed ana would carry out those compro-
mise measures, the fugitive slave law included—
showing that they alluded to all of them. I do
not say that Senator is not a good Democrat
because he denies the validity of one of the very
compromise measures that formed the basis of the
party in 1852, and the indorsement of which was
reaffirmed at Cincinnati, and the party pledged
to stand by them.
This shows that the Democratic party have not
sympathized in the opinions of the Senator from
Mississippi on these questions. The Democratic
party docs not hold that you can pass a law to
divest title in slaves in this District. It does not
hold that you can confiscate any property any-
where. Divesting title is one thing, and the po-
lice power of regulation is a different thing. It
seems these measures were deemed constitutional
by the great men who passed Ujem, and the small
men added. I do not pretend to say whether they
arc or not; I am not going to argue that. 1 do
not care what your opinion is, or what is the
opinion of any other Senator. You may have
an opinion one way, and I another. If the courts
shall decide in your favor, it will only prove that
you are a better lawyer than 1 am; not that you
are a better Democrat. It is a difference on a
point of law, not a difference in politics. I am
for leaving all these questions to the courts, where
the platform of the party has left them.
Mr. President, I have but a few words more
to say in reply to the Senator from Mississippi.
I have notattempted to follow him in all the points
he has made, but merely to touch on those sa-
lient points that I thought required allusion to.
The Senator from Mississippi was under the im-
pression that I had done injustice to Mr. Yancey,
by referring to a private "letter which had im-
properly got into the newspapers, and then quoting
it upon him. I will say to that Senator, that no
man living has more disgust for such a mean act
as using a private letter for any political purpose.
If that were the state of the fact, I should not
have used it. When I used Mr. Yancey's letter
to Mr. Slaughter, I stated these facts, which I
am sure the Senator from Mississippi did not
understand, or did not hear: that Mr. Yancey
had written that letter to Slaughter as a private
letter, in haste, in the freedom of private confi-
dence and friendship; that ho never expected to
see it published; but that after its publication, a
criticism was made upon it by Mr. Pryor, of the
Richmond South; and Mr. Yancey replied to Mr.
Pryor; wrote to the public a communication,
avowing the letter and explaining it; and I read
from his explanation.
Mr. DAVIS. I did the Senator injustice in
that, then.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I knew the Senator did not
understand me, or lie would not have made that
comment. Sir, I would not have used the private
letter, although I found it in the newspapers, if it
had not been avowed by Mr. Yancey, and a con-
struction given to it by himself, nor without ac-
companying it with that construction. It will be
rccollccted that, in that letter of Mr. Yancey, in
which he spoke of waiting and hiding the time
to precipitate the cotton States into revolution, he
spoke of societies being formed called the South-
ern*League, and he looked upon those societies to
remedy ail the evils of which the South com-
plained. In his explanation to Mr. Pryor, he also
refers to these societies, and says they form a
well-matured plan for, at the proper time, carry-
ing out a southern policy. I have a newspaper
here—the Nashville Patuot of 1858—in which I
find the constitution of the Southern League,
which Mr. Yancey indorses as the plan he was
carrying out. I will ask my friend from Ohio to i
read the first, article of the League.
Mr. PUGH read, as follows:
" First. The members ofthisorganizationshallbe known
as 'The League ot the South,' and our motto shall be—-'A
Southern Republic is our only safety.'"
Mr. DOUGLAS. That firstarticle of the South-
ern League explains Yancey's whole plan—that
our motto shall be a southern confederacy. Mr.
Yancey's plan was, to remain in the organiza-
tion of the Democratic party; form the Southern
League, bound by secrecyfor a southern confed-
eracy—involving disunion, of course; wait in the
Democratic party until the proper momentcame;
and then, by a sudden movement, disrupt the
party, a d plunge the cotton States into revolu-
tion. The proof is here clear that disunion was
Mr. Yancey's object. A separate southern con-
federacy was his whole end. He believed the
South could not find safety anywhere else. His
plan was to keep in the Democratic party until
the proper moment came for revolution; then
plunge the cotton States into it; break up the
party, and with the party the Confederacy. Sir,
I cannot doubt but that this was Mr. Yancey's
plan. I submit to the Senate and the country
whether "the proper moment" selected by him
was not the Charleston convention; and whether
the secession of these same States at Charleston
was not in obedience to that plan ? I do not mean
to say, nor do I believe, that all the men who#
approved or defended that secession were dis-
unionists; but I do believe that disunion was
the prompting motive that broke up that conven-
tion. It is a disunion movement, and interven-
tion is a disunion platform. Congressional inter-
vention South forslavery, congressionalinterven-
tionNorth against slavery, brings the two sections
into hostile array;, renders a conflict inevitable,
and forces them cither to a collision or a separa-
tion; for neither party can back out with honor.
This action has been taken, by some at least,
solemnly, deliberately; seeking to make this new
test a sme qua non at the risk of disrupting or
destroying the only political party in existence
that can save the Union.
I submit, then, whether this new change of
platform does not carry with it not only a disso-
lution of the party, but a disruption of all those
ties which bind the country together? I believe
that it does. I believe that my friend from Mis-
sissippi is himself following a mere phantom in
trying to get a recognition of the right of Con-
gress to intervene for the protection of slavery in
the Territories, when the people do not want it.
tie, in cffect, confesses that it is a mere phantom,
an abstract theory, without results, without fruits;
and why ? Ho says that he admits that slavery
cannot bo forced on a hostile people. He says ho
has always regarded it as a question of soil and
climate and political economy. I so regard it.
Mr. DAVIS. I say wc have a constitutional
right to try it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. He says they have a con-
stitutional right to try it—just such a right as he
says the soldier had when he was going to Con-
cord, who declared he had a right to go, and he
was going because he had the right. Statesmen
do not always act on the principle that they will
do whatever they have a right to do. A man has
a right to do a great many silly things; a states-
man has a right to perpetrate acts of consummate
folly; but I do not know that it is a man's dutv
to do all that he may have a right to do. Let mo
put the case to you again. When this compro-
mise was made o'f taking non-intervention by Con-
gress with slavery in the Territories, the object
was to defeat the Wilmot proviso. A majority
of the North, and a good many of the South, be-
lieved that the Wilmot proviso was constitutional.
Some southern mensaid they believed it was; but
whether it was or not, they would not submit to
it anyhow, because it was morally wrong. The
Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] would not
stop to inquire whether it was constitutional or
not; he said it was so offensive he would not sub-
mit to it. Other southern men said, " not only is
the Wilmot proviso unconstitutional, but we de-
mand intervention for the protection of slavery."
There weie three classes of opinions. Mr. Ste-
phens tells us, the Senator from Georgia has also
said in speeches here, that he was one of those
who at first thought he was entitled to interven-
tion for protection, but the South would notstand
up to it, the Democratic party would not stand
up to that test, and they were forced to give it up
and come in and agree to non-intervention. The
Senator from Georgia, when he agreed tonon-in-
tervention, did not agree to acknowledge that he
had no right to intervention; but he agreed that
