1210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
" whenever a bill is reported from a Committee of the
Whole, with a recommendation to strike out the enacting
words, and such recommendation is disagreed to by the
House, the bill shall stand recommitted to the said com-
mittee without further action by the House;" so that it
will read:
A motion to strike out the enacting words of a bill shall
have precedence of a motion to amend; and if carried,
shall be considered equivalent to its rejection.
Whenever a biJl is reported from'a Committee of the
Whole, with a recommendation to strike out the enacting
words, and such recommendation is disagreed to by the
House, the bill shall stand recommitted to the said commit-
tee without further action by the House.
The amendment was agreed to.
Twenty-ninth amendment:
Amend rule 120, by adding at the end the words, "and
shouldsuch recommitment take place aftor its engrossment,
and an amendment be reported and agreed to by the Hou^e,
the question shall be again put on the engrossment of the
bill ;" so that it will read:
After the commitment and report thereof to the House,
or at any time before its passage, a bill may be recommit-
ted; and should such recommitment take place after its
engrossment, and an amendment be reported and agreed to
by the House, the question shall be again put on the engross-
ment of the bill. ^
The amendment was agreed to.
Thirtieth amendment:
Strike out the 124th rule, which rends as follows, provis-
ion having been made for it in the 136th rule, as amended,
by the committee:
" It shall be a standing older of the day, throughout the
session, foi the House to resolve itself into a Committee of
the Whole House on the state of the Union."
The amendment was agreed to.
Thirty-first amendment:
Amend rule 130,by striking out the wotds "all ques-
tions, whether in committee or in the House, shall bo pro-
pounded in the order in which they were moved, except
that;" so that it will lead:
In filling up blanks the largest sum and longest time shall
be put fw&L
Thirty-second amendment:
Amend rule 135, by adding at the end thereof " and all
debate on special orders shall be confined stucilv to the
measuie under considerationso that it will read".
In Committee of the Whole on the state of the Fmon the
bills shall he taken up and disposed of in their ouler on the
Calendar; but when objection is made to theeoriMderarion
of a bill, a majority of the committee shall decide without
debate whether it shall be taken up and disposed of or laid
aside: Provided, That general appiopriation biiN, and, in
time of war, bills for raising men or monev, and bills con-
cerning a treaty of peace, shall be preferred to all other
bills at the discretion of the committee; and when de-
manded by any member, the question shall first be put in
regard to them ; and alt debate on special oidors shall be
confined strictly to the measure under consideration.
Mr. CASE. I move to amend by adding the
following:
And all debate in violation of the rules of the House, ex-
cept such as shall be indulged inbytlieunammou^con^cnt
of it* members, shall he excluded irom the official rcpoits
ot the debates of this body.
Mr. Chairman, I do not propose to occupy the
time of the committee at any considerable length
in the discussion of the amendment I have sub-
mitted. I believe that if it is adopted it will prove
to be onu of the best remedies we could have
devised for a great deui of the disorder and eon-
fusion which prevail in this House. I am not in
the habit of speaking in tWs House, nor in the
Committee of the Whole, when I can avoid doing
bo. I am in the habit of listening to what is said
by others, and the difficulty I have experienced
during this session is, that generally I have been
compelled to listen to about a dozen spccches at
the same time. When wo are under the operation
of the previous questioner under the operation of
other rules cutting off debate, gentlemen rise up
here, and in defiance of the rules and calls to
order, make remarks which are prohibited by the
rules, but which members are anxious to get out
for the purpose of explaining their position. They
are not made, Mi". Chairman, for the purpose of
setting members right upon this floor—and I will
say that I make reference to no particular mem-
ber—but, if X may use the expression, for Bun-
combe, and that they may be referred to by the
member when he is before his constituents. If
wc exclude from the Globe all proceedings which
are not in order, we will, I think, get rid of much 1
of the disorder and confusion that now prevail !
here. During the call of the roll, or when we are I
acting- under the previous question, and when de-
bate is not in order, it seems to me that much of i
the lawlessness and disregard of the rules occur, i
Then members seem determined to utter some- I
thing which shall go into the debates, and be read I
elsewhere; for it is done, I am sure, with no ex- i
pectation of influencing the vote of any member I
in this House. 1 submit the amendment, and ask
that the sense of the committee be taken on it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I think that
the reform contemplated by the amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana is a good and needful
one; but I can hardly see how it can be accom-
plished by an amendment to the rules.
Mr. NOELL. The country, sir, only needs
this amendment of the gentleman from Indiana to
complete the work begun by the previous ques-
tion. Freedom of speech has already been gagged
by the adoption of the previous question; and, in
addition to that, it is now proposed to suppress
the freedom of the press. Not only are we not
permitted -to make objections here, but it-is now
asked that power be conferred upon the Speaker
of this House to determine when remarks made
by a gentleman upon this floor are or are not in
order, and shall or shall not be published in the
record of our debates. I object to the amend-
ment.
Mr. CASE. That power is not proposed to be
vested in the Speaker any more than it is vested
in him now.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman, I would
cheerfully be willing to adopt a measure to do
away with the official reports of our proceedings,
and to exclude our friends, the reporters, from this
Hall; but, so long as wc pretend to report tho pro-
ceedings of the House, it is necessary that they
should be fairly and fully reported; that all that
is said and done should be put down. And I sub-
mit to the gentleman from Indiana thathis propo-
sition, if adopted, would be an exceedingly unwise
one, for the reason that in many instances it
would exclude many things that ought to be pre-
served.
The question was taken; and the amendment
to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to insert in the rulo
as amended, after the word " on," these words,
" appropriation bills when made;" so that it will
read " all debate on appropriation bills when made
special orders," &c.
Mr. Chairman, I certainly do notagree in opin-
ion with some of the gentlemen who have ad-
dressed the committee on the subject of what is
called general debate, or, as sometimes denomin-
ated, " Buncombe" speeches. This is a kind of
debate, a sort of rhetoric, upon which many gen-
tlemen look with little favor. It is complained,
with a good deal of acrimony, that members write
speeches and come here and read them. So far
as my observation extends, the gentlemen who I
make the most complaint of written speeches are
themselves the silver-tongued elocutionists of the
House. Now, so far as I am concerned, I would
prefer that when a gentleman who is not gifted,
as many are not, with the graces and beauties of
oratory, attempts to address the House, that he
should give us his best thoughts clothed in the
best language that he can command, even if ho is
obliged to reduce them to writing. 1 have never
myself made a speech of the character complained
of, for I have never spoken on any subject which
was not directly a matter of legislation. Still, sir,
I do think it is an important privilege that mem-
bers of the House ought to enjoy, for in many
instances it is all that a minority have within
their power to do, to raise a voice of protestagainst
the action of a majority.
The rules of this House were designed for the
protection of minorities against the action of a
proud,triumphant, domineering, tyrannical ma-
jority , carried away by the very lust and greed of
the power they possess. As the amendment is
now proposed-—though I am aware that the chair-
man of the committee for the revisal of the rules
[Mr. Washburn, of Maine,] differs with me in
that opinion—it seems to me that it would leave
the minority wholly in the power of the major-
ity to determine what questions shall be debated;
for it is known that in the House no debate is
legitimate except upon the matter immediately
under consideration. Our general debate occurs
in Committee of the Whole; but if the amend-
ment of the committee on the revision of the
rules is adopted—that in the Committee of the
Whole debate on special orders shall be limited
to the subjects of the special orders—itdoes seem
to me that it puts it clearly within the power of
the majority to control the line of debate in Com- ;
mittce of the Whole by never going into Com-
mittee ofthe Whole, except upon special orders. I
The consequence, therefore, would be, that the
majority of the House would hold the k^ytothe
entire debates ofthe House during the whole ses-
sion.
Yesterday when the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Washburn] was explaining the amendments that
had been proposed by tho committee, I called his
attention to this amendment, with the view of as-
certaining whether it was tho purpose of the com-
mittee, in the report they had made, to cut off
what is called general debate, and prevent mem-
bers from speaking upon any subject except what
was, for tho time being, formally and nominally
under consideration. He assured us that such
was not their purpose; that they did not design
to do any such thing. Now, if that had been their
intention, then the question would have arisen
directly for the House to decide whethertbev were
prepared so to amend the rules as to cut off the
general debates. I understand that that was not
the purpose ofthe committee. But from the dis-
cussions which we have already had, and which
I do not desire to renew, it is manifestly the in-
tention of this Committee of the Whole not so to
amend the mlesas to change the present practice
of the House. I therefore propose to limit the
application ofthe amendment of tho revising com-
mittee to general appropriation bills, which, as
was so well suggested by the chairman of that
committee, [Mr. Washburn, of Maine,] are
sometimes exceedingly necessary to be passed, in
order to enable the business of the Government
to be carried on. There is no other legislation
of such high necessity, and consequently none
which should receive the same consideration from
the House in the construction and administration
of its rules.
. I fully sympathize with all that has been said
by the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Noell]
yesterday and to-day, in relation to the great im-
propriety of urging important legislation upon the
House, and pressing it upon the country, with-
out any opportunity for investigation and debate;
requiring us to decide important questions upon
first impressions, without an opportunity to de-
liberate or amend. It is unwise to do so; and if 1
were in a position to give advice to our friends of
the Republican party, I would suggest to them
that, unless they have a great deal m ore confidence
in the decisions of their committees than 1 think
most committees are entitled to enjoy, I should
think that it was very hazardous to put important
legislation through the House with as little con-
sideration as they gave to the homestead bill and
the printing bill, pressed upon us during the pres-
ent session. Having explained my icasons for
offering this amendment, I will not extend my
remarks any further.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Iwasopposed
to the amendment of the gentleman from Texas,
[Mr. Reagan,] for the reason that I did not de-
sire to suppress general debate in Committee of
the Whole. I desired that there should be some
place in which there might be a general debate;
where the Union generally, and all matters per-
taining to tho Union and to the interests of the
country, might be discussed. But I tlnnk the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] errs in
supposing that the amendment as reported by the
committee, if adopted, would tend in any degree
to suppres general debate in the Committee of the
Whole. Under the rules of the House, as they
now stand, debate is not in order upon special
orders. Formerly general debate was in order,
even when the Committee of the Whole had under
consideration special orders. The practice ofthe
House in that regard was changed in 1852 or 1853,
growing out of the practical mischief and incon-
venience resulting from permitting general debate
to be indulged in when the Committee ofthe Whole
were considering special orders. Itwas, I believe,
upon the consideration of the Pacific railroad bill,
or some other bill perhaps, that the entire time of its
session given to the consideration of that question
was exhausted by general debate, without one
word being said in reference to the subject made
the special order. In consequence of that, and by
the general and universal acquiescence of the
House, the practice of the House was changcd in
that respect, so thatnow,whenevcrweare in Com-
mittee of the Whole upon a special order, general
debate is not permitted.
And what do we propose now ? Simply this:
that in addition to that, whenever the appropri-
