1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1211
ation bills, which arc necessary to the cxistcnce j
of the Government—whenever these indispens- i
able bills arc being considered in the Committee of
the Whole, and the majority in the House have
made them the special order, the discussion shall
be confined to the measure directly before the com-
mittee; that is all: so that the only change con-
templated by the committee is one that the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] himself
deems to be a necessary one.
In regard to the rest, that is already a rule, and
properly so; for special orders, except in regard
to appropriation bills, can now only be made by
a suspension of the rules, and that requires a two-
thirds vote > and that two-thirds vote can only be
given on Mondays.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment proposed by Mr. Maynard; and it was.not
agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment reported by the select committee; and being
taken, it was agreed to.
The thirty-third amendment was then read, as
follows:
Amend rule 136, by inserting after the word " present,"
in the eighth line, the words, " nor shall the Speaker en-
tertain a motion to suspend the rules, except during the last
ten days of the session, and on Monday of every week at
the expiration oi one hour after the Journal is read." And
abo by in&erung after tin; word " present," in the ninth
line, ""make any ot tho general appropriation bills a special
order; and alsoso that it will lead:
No standing iule or orderof the House shall be rescinded
or changed without one day's notice bcin^ given of the
motion theretoi; nor shall any rule be suspended, except
by a vote of at least two thirds of the membeis piesent; nor
shall the order of business, as established by the rules, be
postponed or changed, except by a vote of at leasttwo thirds
of the members present; nor shall the Speaker enteitain a
motion to suspend the rules, except during the last ten days
of the seffi-ion, and on Monday of every week at the expi-
ration of one hour after the Journal is read. The House
may, at any time, by a vote of a majority of the members
prebent, make any of the geneial appropriation bills a spe-
cial oidcr; and abo hUtspend the rule^ and oi dors for the
purpose of go in a: into the Committee of the Whole House
on the state of the Union: and also for providing, &c.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that amend-
ment proposes to give the majority of the House
the power to make a special order of the general
appropriation bills. Am I to understand that
amendment as applying alone to lulls that are re-
ported from the Committee of Ways and Means
for the support of tho Government—the civil and
diplomatic, the Army, the Navy, the Indian, the
pension bills, &c.?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. That was the
understanding of the committee, I presume.
Mr. HOUSTON. That being the understand-
ing, I have no objection to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thirty-fourth amendment:
Stiike out ruie 137, as follows:
"Except during the: !a-i ten days of the session, the
Speaker shall not entertain a motion to impend the rules of
the House at any time, except oil Monday of eveiy week;
provided nothing herein contained shall be construed to
ultel so much of tile lli6th rnic at, provided as follows. 'Tin'
House may at anytime, by a vote of amajoiity ot the. mem-
bers prc-ent, suspend the niies anil ordeis for the purpose of
going into tire Committee of lite Whole House on the state
of tiie Union ; and ai- o ioi providing lor the discharge ol tile
committee fioin the further considei ation of any bill lefcired
to it, after acting without debate on ail amendments pend-
ing, and that may be offered.' "
The amendment was agreed to.
Thirty-fifth amendment:
Amend rule 138, bv inserting after the words " enrolled
bills" the words "and the Committee on Punting;" so that
it will icad:
It shall be in oider for the Committee on Enrolled Bills
and the Committee ©n Piintmg to report at any time.
Mr. HOUSTON. As I have some doubt as to
the correctness of the construction which has once
been given to another rule of the House, which
authorizes the Committee of Ways and Means to
report certain bills, and which, I believe, means
to authorize them to report at any time, I would
like to have this amendment so amended as to
provide that the Committee of Ways and Means
may report, at any time, appropriation hills, and
not Kins; else.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I thmk there
should be no objection to that. So far as I am
concerned, I think well of the proposed amend-
ment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move, then, with the same
construction that has already been given to " ap-
propriation bills," to amend the amendment, so as
to authouze the Committee of Ways and Means
to report at any time either of the appropriation
bills.
Mr. GROW. I suggest whether the amendment
ought not also to include revenue bills, because I
think if appropriations are made, the.committee
should have the power of introducing revenue bills
to raise the means of meetingthosc appropriations.
Mr. HOUSTON. Tho difficulty about that is,
that while there can be no objection to reporting
appropriation bills, yet, when you come to enlarge
tho power, and include other subjects, members
will object, and the result will be that you cannot
get that sort of an agreement.
Mr. GROW. I think if we have tho one we
ought to have the other. The reports of appro-
priation bills and revenue bills should be permit-
ted to be made at any time, or both should be
excluded from that privilege. Therefore I shall
oppose the amendment if it is notnpplied to both.
If they can be coupled together I shall have no
objection. I move the amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I cannotagrec to theamend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania; and if
he is disposed to present objections to the amend-
ment I have offered, I will withdraw it. I believe
the Committee of Ways and Means ought to have
the power to report appropriation bills at any
time. Indeed, I believe they have it now under
one of our rules; but it was held differently the
other day, and I only wanted to make it sure.
But as gentlemen desire to incumber my amend-
ment with other things I withdraw it.
The amendment of the committee was then
agreed to.
Thirty-sixth amendment:
Strike out rule 147, as follows:
" Till! unappropriated rooms in that part of the Capitol
assigned to the House shall be subjeetto the older and dis-
posal of the Speake.r, until the further orderof thellouse."
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Thirty-seventh amendment:
Stiike out iule 153, as follows :
" It shall he in order lor the Committee on Printing to
leport at any time."
The amendment was agreed te.
Thirty-eighth amendment:
Stiike out all of iule 154, and insert the following :
The bills fiom the Oouit of Claims shall, on being laid
befoie tho Ilonse, be read a first and sccond time, commit-
ted to a Committee of the Whole House; and, together
with the accompanying repoits, printed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I believe we
are now through with all the amendments re-
ported by the committee. I desire to offer, upon
my own responsibility, two or three amendments.
I will have them all read, and will then offer them
separately.
The amendments weie read, as follows:
Jnscrt the following as additional rules:
The House shall meet at two o'clock, p. m , until other-
wise ordered; but this rule may be suspended at any time
dufing the last ten day) of the session, by a mnjonty of the
membeis piesent, who may then fix upon a dilFcient hour
of meeting for the lest of tile scvion.
All elections of officers of the House, including the
Speaker, shall be conducted in accouiance with these lulcs,
so far as the same are applicable : and pendingtbe election
of a Speaker, the Cleik shall preserve order and decorum,
and shall decide ail questions of order tiiat may aiise, sub-
ject to appeal to tin; House.
These rules shall be the rules of the House of Represent-
atives of the present and succeeding Congresses, unless
otherwise ordered.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
Here the committee rose informally; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, the House
received a message in writing from the President
of the United States, by James Buchanan, his
Private Secretary.
AMENDMENT OF THE RULES—AGAIN.
The committee resumed its session.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I now offer
the first of the amendments which were read. It
relates to the time of the meeting of the House.
I desire to state, in a few words, the reasons tor
offering that amendment. We now divide the
day, most ingeniously, in such a manner as to
destroy it almost altogether for any valuable and
useful purpose to the House. I believe we should
fix the time of our daily meetings at some diner-
ent hour front the present. We might meet at
ten o'clock in the forenoon, or at two or three
o'clock, or a later hour, in the evening. W hat
is the practical effect of our present practice'
After we have risen from a Washington break-
fast, we have but a moment to spare before we
are obliged to meet in our committee-rooms. Some
of us get at the rooms, but other members are
absent, so that we cannot take up any question in_
committee before half past ten o 'clock. Wot1 more"
than an hour and a- half can be devoted by any
committee on any one day, in the morning, beforp
the House meets. Th*e consequence is that but
little business is transacted at a single session of
the committee; whereas were we to meet at two
o'clock our committee meetings might bo of three
or four hours' continuance,andwe'would accom-
plish in a single meeting of a committee as much
as is now performed in several meetings.
Besides that, wo should have some time, when
the committees arcnotinsession,toattend to busi-
ness at the Departments; some time to read the
reports of the Departments, and the public docu-
ments; some time to inform ourselves fully in re-
lation to the matters of legislation upon which we
are called to act. I ask you, what time you have
now to read public documents, and inform your-
selves in regard to public measures ? Not in the
mornings. You must go to committees, and you
must now go to three committee meetings, where
you would have to go to but one if this amend
mcnt should be adopted. You mustattend to your
correspondence, and go to the Departments on the
business of your constituents. What time have
you now for that? When do you catch an hour
when you can inform yourselves in regard to the
matters on which you are called to act? When
have you time for anything, except to attend com-
mittee meetings, and comc to the House, where we
remain till four or five o'clock in the afternoon?
Now, sir, there can be no practical inconveni-
ence in meeting at two o'clock. Some gentlemen
are in the habit, at home, of dining at an earlier
hour than wo are in the habit of dining here.
Those gentlemen will be accommodated,for they
will be able to dine at one o'clock, or half past
one, or at any time before two. And those gen-
tlemen who are in the habit of dining at a later
hour can be accommodated, bccause they will be
able to dine at six o'clock, taking a lunch, if they
choose, at one o'clock, or any other hour. So
that I believe members will be accommodated on
all hands; and I am certain that the public busi-
ness will be benefited and expedited by this
change in the. rules, and I know that we shall have
some°time when we can attend to our correspond-
ence, to general reading, and particularly to post-
ing ourselves up in regard to matters of legislation
before the House.
Mr. CURTIS. If we meet at two o'clock, I
would like to know how gentlemen will be able
to dine before that hour and at the same time at-
tend to committeesI cannot see how we shall
gam any time for reading by the change in the
hour of meeting. I would rather meet at ten in
the morning. 1 acknowledge that it is difficult to
get members here at ten o'clock, but there is the
same" difficulty to get a meeting in a committee
room at ten o'clock. Although I am not satisfied
with the hour at which we now meet, I cannot
perceive that we are going to gam anything by
changing it to two o'clock. I should prefer, my-
self, to dine at about two or three o'clock, if I
had my choice. Every man has his own dinner
hour; but I have habituated myself to the prac-
tice now of dining at four or five o'clock, and
sometimes at six, and I believe the whole House
have got into the same habit, and I object now
to the change, as I do not see that we should gam
anything by it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I simply desrre to say that
so far as I am concerned, I prefer to work and
then eat, rather than to cat and then work. I
shall vote against the amendment.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I now offer
the following amendment:
All elections of officers of the House, including the
Speaker, shall be conducted in accordance with those rules
as far as the same are applicable ; and pending the election
of Speaker, the Clerk shall preserve ordei and decorum,
and bo shall decide all questions of order that may arise,
subject to appeal to tho House.
These rules shall be the rnles of the House of Represent-
atives of the present and succeeding Congresses, unless
otherwise ordered.
Mr. REAGAN. I suggest to the gentleman
from Maine, that we can only bind future Con-
gresses by an act of Congress and not by the rules.
