1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2155
he would not demand the right. A northern man
like Mr. Stuart, of Michigan, who believed the
Wilmot proviso constitutional, when he agreed to
intervention did not agree that it was unconsti-
tutional," but he agreed that he would not vote for
it or demand it, whether it was constitutional or
not. One side agreed that they would never urge
the proviso; the other side agreed they would
never urge intervention for slavery.
Now, suppose the Supreme Court should de-
cide hereafter that the Wilmot proviso was con-
stitutional: would that justify me, after my com-
pact with you to abide by non-intervention, in
going for the proviso merely because the court
had decided that I had a-right to it? Would not
you say that I was faithless to the compact?
Would you not say that, while the court had set-
tled the question of power in my favor, it had not
released my conscience from the obligations that
bound me as an honest and honorable man never
to go for it? If that would have been true in the
event of the decision having been the other way,
what moral right have you to go for intervention,
even if the court decides that you may? It is one
thing to have the right; it is another thing to ex-
ercise it. We came together, a portion believing
in the right, a portion not believing in it, a por-
tion taking a third view; we shook hands, all
pledging our honors that we would abandon all
our claims on either side to intervention, and go
for non-intervention. I ask you now to stand
by the compact of non-intervention. I care not
how the court dccide as to the powei. I may
have the right to make a speech here of two
hours every day, but I do not think I am bound
to inflict it on the Senate merely because 1 have
a constitutional right to do it. We have the
right to do a great many foolish things, a great
many silly things; but I hold that the path of
duty and wisdom is to stand by the doctrine of
non-intervention; quit quarreling on these ab-
struse theories about the power of a Territorial
Legislature; leave that to the courts, where we
agreed to leave it, and where the Constitution has
left it. When we do that, there will be peace and
harmony in the whole country.
Mr. President, I apologize to the Senate for
having occupied so much of their time.
Mr DAVIS. I think the Senator from Illi-
nois has demonstrated that there was more in my
speech than I believed; for he has spoken a long
time, and evidently has sought to evade every
issue which I presented. He has either not an-
swered at all) or he has so tortured the meaning
of what I said as to raise a case not to be found
when the report of what I said shall be printed.
I shall not follow the Senator through his long
speech. I would no more think of accepting such
issues as he has presented this evening, than I
would of taking down the boots of Bombastes.
lie may be exempt from any apprehension that
I shall displace such positions as he has taken
this evening, as that anybody would displace the
boots of that redoubtable champion. There are
one or two things, however, which he has said,
that it is proper to notice.
He says the "cotton States" do not indorse
the action of some of the delegates who endeav-
ored to break up the Democratic party. His lan-
guage is incautiously word<ed, and 1 am afraid
the Senator has about as little authority to speak
for the cotton States as he has for all the Democ-
racy. I wish to inform him, just here, that 1 have
known but one attempt in "Mississippi to call a
meeting against the action of their delegates, and
that meeting has been overwhelmingly the other
way. That was in the town of Columbus.
But his great argument is upon the question of
putting a new article in the creed. What is the
necessity of that new article? Simply because
we cannot get an honest construction of the plat-
form as it stands. If there be a diversity of opin-
ion, as I am willing to concede, and we cannot
settle that diversity of opinion without the intro-
duction of new language, as honest men acting
together, partners m a common firm, it behooves
us* to say what our meaning is, that we may, for the
future at least, understand cach other. He asks
what is this new question, and says it has not
been defined. The new question is the agitation,
by the Senator, of his peculiar doctrine, which
has constantly run more and more into extremes,
and has given an importance to this clause in the
Cincinnati platform which it did not have until
he thus prominently forced it upon the attention
of the public.
I admire the ingenuity with which he escaped
from his attitude of hostility to the Administra-
tion. It was ingenuity, however, at the expense
of other qualities more valuable; for I think the
Senator at least might have remembered that he
had, even at so late a period as yesterday, declared
that the Federal officers in Illinois were outside
of the Democratic party; thus making v/ar, not
merely upon the Executive, but upon the Federal
officers in his own State. How could he expect
that it would be construed as anything else than
a war upon the Democratic organization?
Then lie assumes that I have denied to Illinois
the character of a Democratic State. I spoke of
States which I believed in the next election might
be safely relied on; and it was with regret that I
felt—though I did not say—that Illinois was not
among them, for I considered that the contro-
versy which that Senator had waged in Illinois
had divided the Democratic party; and if, when
united, they could not, with a man before them
who was worthy of the popularity which he pos-
sessed—and who, I believe, had as much as any
other man in the State—elect him Governorat the
time of the last presidential election, how could
we hope that, with the Opposition reunited and
the Democracy divided, we should have a power
we did not then possess? Without undertaking to
judge the Democracy of Illinois, I thought, though
I did not say it, for I made no reference to her, if
my memory serves me—did not even mention her
name in that connection—but since the Senator
presents it in that form, I will tell him that I
thought if we could not carry the State with Rich-
ardson, though on account of the division of votes
between Fremont and Fillmore we were enabled
to get the electoral vote of the State in the last
election, there was some doubt at least as to its
position in the coming contest. I want no ques-
tion with Illinois. I have many friends there,
and kind feeling for the State. I have never at-
tempted to disparage her. It is altogether unjust
to say that I taunted Illinois with not being Dem-
cratic. I did not mention her name, but I turned
to a pamphlet put out by members of the conven-
tion, and read from the analysis of the vote.
But the Senator asked what is this article that
we want? We want nothing more than a simple
declaration that negro slaves are property, and we
want the recognition of Jhe obligation of the Fed-
Ural Government to protect that property like all
others; that is all. I think it is exactly what we
had in the earlier periods of the Government.
The Senator goes on, however, to arraign the
strength of the Democratic party, and really he
gives us " a beggarly account of empty boxes."
The southern States on which we had relied, he
tells us, arc doubtful; and he continued to name
one after another, until it passed into my mind,
where m the world would the Democratic candi-
date get his votes? It seemed to me quite apparent,
from the recent elections, that if our hopes in rela-
tion to those States which he named as so very
unsound were vcrv ill founded, we must be
defeated, let who will be the candidate.
But he points us to the decline of the Demo-
cratic strength in the North. Why is it? He
says the platform of 1856 is all that is necessary
to lead them to victory; that they have sunk in
fighting our battles. Then I toll him it was be-
cause you did not throw a banner that was intel-
ligible to the breeze. If you have been beaten on
a rickety, double-construed platform, kick it to
pieces, and lay one broad and strong, on which
men can stand. You can but be beaten. If you
have been beaten on the present platform, at least
the argument goes for trying another. I believe
that the mind of the masses is logical; I believe
the heart of the masses is just; that it is hopeless
ever to maintain the position that a thing is wrong
in the abstract; but you have a constitutional ob-
ligation, and you must abide by that obligation.
In morals, in politics, the argument ought to be
sufficient; but the minds of the masses require that
you should show them that their duties arc con-
sistent with their appreciation of what is right.
It resolves itself, therefore, into a question outside
of the Government—resolves itself into the task
of proving to the people that the requirements of
the Constitution are founded in justice. When
you do that, Lthink all difficulty will be removed;
but that is only to be done by distinct declarations.
If i t cannot be done by declaring- what the facts are,
and what the obligations are arising on that state
of facts, then let us cease to hope for justice.
The Senator has asked how it is that Missis-
sippi and Alabama went for Mr. Buchanan, and
cannot now go for another candidate on the same
platform. They might. I think that would de-
pend a good deal on who the candidate was. The *
fact is that I have ftdccliningrespectforplatforms.
I would sooner have an honest man on any sort of
a rickety platform you could construct, than to
have a man I did not trust on the best platform
which could be made. A good platform and an
honest man on it is what wc want; but'I can im-
agine a candidate who would be so acceptable to
those States as to secure their vote even on aplat-
form of which they disapproved.
As to what the convention did, that is a matter
now of history;and it remains for others to decide
what they have done, and what they are going to „
do. I shall not enter into it. But the Senator an-
nounced that the caucus chamber attempted to
force a platform on the party. Was the Senator
by any possibility ignorant of the fact that these
resolutions were presented by a Senator before
there was any consideration of them in caucus;
that three sets of resolutions were all considered
in caucus; that the caucus did not originate any
set? They modified one set, which they pre-
ferred to cither of the other two, and reported it
back—the set introduced by myself.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator speaks of three sets.
Mr. DAVIS. I think there were three sets;
but no matter.
Mr. GWIN. There were resolutions of the
other Senator from Mississippi, and those of the
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Saui.sbury.]
Mr. DAVIS. It does not matter. I introduced
into the Senate certain resolutions; and, together
with otherresolutions introduced into the Senate,
they were considered in caucus, examined by a
committee,and,with slightmodifications, reported
back to the body. Those are the facts. It is
not usually admissible—I do not like to speak of
what occurred in caucus; but these resolutions
are not the production of a caucus. They were
before the Senate, printed here upon the motion
of a single Senator, and now I have to say that
very few—I do not think more than three or four
—Senators conferred with me about these resolu-
tions before they were presented. They were
drawn up m-committee-room in the engagements
of other employment, and I presented themassoon
as they were drawn. If I had had more oppor-
tunity, I should, no doubt, have consulted my
friends generally; but I was alone responsible for
them, and very few members of the Senate knew
anything about them before they were presented.
I therefore have a right to say, as I have said on
an allegation when it was made outside of the
Chamber, that, as far as any charge was attempted
to be fastened upon the original production of
these resolutions, connected with an attempt to op-
erate upon the Chaileston convention, it was false.
I do not know where the Senator may have been
at the time; I do not know but that he may have
been sick when these resolutions were introduced;
but he will find thatthey were printed for the use
of the Senate before the caucus ever saw them.
It is not, therefore, an attempt on the part of the
Senator to prescribe a platform for the party, or
to dictate to the convention. There were Sena-
tors who objected to taking the vote before the
meeting of the convention, because of the fiction
which was promulgated abroad through the coun-
try, that there was a purpose here to dictate to
the convention what platform they should adopt
I desired a vote at an early period, and originally
expressed a desire to have a vote, if possible,
without debate. Others, however, thought they
would avoid the charge of attempting to dictate
to the convention, by allowing thum to pass over
until after the convention had met.
Now theSenator goes further, and says thathe_
supposes they are intended to frighten the Balti-
more convention. Who has proposed anything
of that kind? Nobody here.
Mr. DOUGLAS, it would be personal to name
them all.
Mr. DAVIS. Does the Senator know of any
one who seeks to frighten them off? He says
that wc arc delaying the business of the Senate
by the consideration of these resolutions. The
Senator and myself have both spoken, I believe.
