192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
of this Confederacy. Sir, when the charactcrof
our institutions is considered, when the relation
occupied by the South to the rest of the Union is
borne in mind—when the fact is considered that by
the admission of California, the South lost for-
ever an equal influence in the legislation of the
nation, I assert that the conduct of the South in
regard to that compromise was eminently mag-
nanimous. In 1848, there were twenty-nine States
in the Confederacy. Fifteen were slaveholding
and fourteen were non-slaveholding States. The
State of "Wisconsin applied for admission. By
her admission the South forever lost her ascend-
ency m the Senate. And yet, if my memory
serves mo correctly, the South did not hesitate
to vote in favor of her admission, by which act
the States of the Union became equally divided—
fifteen North and fifteen South. At a later period,
in 1850, the South again, by consenting to the
compromises by which the States, in the admission
of California, were rendered unequal in respect
to the North and South, and the North obtained
a firm ascendency in Congress, actcd magnani-
mously. Instead of these compromises being in
favor of the South, they wore, as to future events,
manifestly against her.
I think that this conduct of the South is a reason
why the non-slavcholding States should adopt a
more conservative and national policy with regard
to questions affecting all portions of the Union.
It is manifest, sir, from the discussions that,
have already occurred, that this territorial ques-
tion is not yet settled; although we are approxi-
mating toward a settlement of it. I understood
from the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Bonham,] the other day, that the position which
he and other southern gentlemen occupy on the
territorial question is this: that under the Con-
stitution slavery goes into all the Territories, and
that if the people of the Territories fail to protect
it, it is .the duty of Congress to protect it by ab-
solute and direct legislation. 1 understand that
there is another and more conservative body of
men at the South, who, while, they insist that
slavery goes into the Territories by virtue of the
Constitution, do not insist on protection b.y Con-
gress. And there is another body of men in this
Confederacy—members of the Democratic pnrty,
who have never failed in devotion to the interests
of that party—who insist that the Consiitution of
the United States neither carries slavery into the
Territories, nor excludes it tlioiefrom; and that
Congress possesses no power to legislate it out of
or into a Territory, or to protect it while there;
who regard the question as one solely for the
people "who are to be affected by it, and not in
any sense within the legislation of Congress.
t am of that number who believe that Congress
docs not possess power to legislate on the subject
of slavery, under any circumstances whatever;
because, m my judgment, the subject is a purely
domestic one. 1 find that not only the gentleman
from South Carolina announces the proposition
that it is the duty of Congress to legislate for the
protection of slavery in the Territories, but the
same proposition is announced by the gentieman
from Mississippi, [M), Singleton,] in his speech
before the House yesterday. But I find, by ref-
erence to the history °f the Democratic party,
that these gentlemen do not express the sentiments
common to that party. Mr. Cass (who, 1 pre-
sume, was supported lor the Presidency, in 1848,
by both these gentlemen) makes uce of this lan-
guage in his Nicholson ieUer:
By poin:? back to out tiue principle5, we eo hack to the
road oi pi-ace and jafen. i.e.auto the people y\ ho wdl
hcaiTected by thw<]ue.-t>on ivm\] to adjust it upon their
own rcipotmhuily,, and jis te.'ir own manner. and u e -hall
render anothet tribute to the on<nnal pimciplc^ ot <>ui Gov-
ernment, and fmnioh anow. i guauintce ol ii> permanence
and p:o.-.pciitv.M
Mr. Buchanan, who has been justly regarded,
for the last thirty years, as one of the great states-
men of the nation—not only a distinguished leader
in the Dcmociatic ranks, but a man whose his-
tory may almost be regarded as the history oi
every important measure of this Government for
more than a quarter of a century—in his letter,
accepting the nomination of the national Demo-
cratic convention, m 1856, makes use of the fol-
lowing language:
"The a^aation on the question of domestic slaveiy has
too long disnactcd and divided the people of the Union,
and alienated then allcetion.s from each other. Tins agi-
tation has a'isumcd many foim.> muo.5 its commencement,
but it now V'cms m be A retrod chiefly to the Tcrutories;
and, judging from its present character, I think that we
may safely anticipate that it is rapidly approaching a 4 final-
ity.' The recent legislation of Congress respecting domes-
tic slavery, derived, as it has been, fiom the original and
pure fountain of legitimate political power, the will of the
majority, piomises ere long to allay the dangerous excite-
ment. This legislation is founded upon principles as an-
cient as free government itself, and, in accordance with
them, has simply declared that the people of a Territory,
like those of a State, shall decide for themselves whether
slavery shall ui biiall not exist within their limit?."
This was the view of Mr. Buchanan as enter-
tained and freely expressed before the Democratic
party of this nation in 1856, at a time when pub-
lic attention might well be arrested by his views
upon so grave a subject. The people of the Ter-
ritories were to possess the same power as the
people of the States in regulating their domestic
institutions, including the question of slavery.
Well, it was said yesterday by the gentleman
from Mississippi, [Mr. Lamar,] that the Kansas-
Nebraska bill did not confer upon the people of
the Territories the right to prohibit slavery until
they came to form a State constitution; and he
quoted the well-known maxim that the expres-
sion of one thing oidinarily implies the exclusion
of the reverse; that, inasmuch as the people of the
Territories of Kansas and Nebraska were to pos-
sess the power of excluding slavery when they
came to form a State constitution, the inference
was that they could not exercise the power until
that period arrived. Now, it is a well-known
principle that in the interpretation of a statute
you must consider all of its provisions together,
t'ake this provision of the Kansas-Nebraska bill
couplcd with the other section, which declares
that it is not intended to legislate slavery into or
out of any Territory, but to leave the people per-
fectly free to form and regulate their own institu-
tions, subject only to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States-, consider those two together, and you
are compelled to admit that you must either reject
the latter entirely, or else abandon the construc-
tion wluch the gentleman insists upon. I insist
that 3\Ir. Buchanan's proposition is right; that
by the Kansas-Nebraska bill the people of the
Territories were invested with ample power to
regulate their domestic institutions in their own
way. and that necessarily implied the power to
do it. at any time, in their own discretion.
But, sir, admitting the proposition—which I do
not—that, under the Federal Constitution, slavery
goes into the Territories, even then the people
virtually possess the power to exclude it from
their borders. In the debates of this House of
December 11, 1856, I find these \iews and ex-
pressions, by iMr. On, of South Carolina, one of
the most conservative and impartial statesmen of
the South:
<• We think they ought to pa^s law-, in every Ten ltory,
uljen the Temioiy n open to settlement,and s-iavehokleis
<jo then1, to 2voted skive properly- l>ut, il thoy decline to
pa-. m.Wi laws, what i* tne iemedy? None. sir. if the
mn-oiitv ol the people are oppo-ed to the m-:.?i*ion. and
i! they do not devia* to inip-a;? it upon their Teituoiy, nil
tin \ Lave to do i<? ^mply to decline topa^.'.!:uv= lntheToi-
nteual Le^n-darine fo: it« protection, and then it t-as well
excluded as it the power wa- invented m the Ten douai
Leirisiatuie and crvoici^ed by them to prohibit it."
But, sir, it is paid that, under the Constitution,
it is the duty of Congress to enact, laws for the
protection of slave property. Gentlemen from
the South have heretofore insisted on giving a
rigid and strict construction to the Constitution
of the United States, so as to prevent the exercise
of implied powers. Now, I might well inquire
of southern gentlemen, and especially of the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Mississippi, who takes
the position that it is the duty of Congresstoleg-
islate to protect slavery in the Territories, what
provision of the Constitution comers (hat power
upon Congress5 He said that tin-power of Con-
gress to prohibit the slave trade was only an im-
plied power; that Congress was prohibited from
passing any law upon that subject prior to 1808;
and that that implied the power of prohibition
after that period. No doubi the proposition of the
gentleman is correct, that if Congress desires to
reopen the traffic, with all of its countless evils
to the country, it can do so to-morrow by the
repeal of laws now in force. There is no doubt
about that proposition, and the force of his rea-
soning is manifest, when you bring it to bear upon
another provision of the Constitution. The Con-
stitution, after enumerating various powers, con-
fers upon Congress authority—
" To exorcise exclusive legislation in all ca^es whatso-
e\*ci\ ovef such district (not exceeding ten miles square)
as may, by cession of particular States, and the acccptance
of Congress*, become the seat of Government of the United
States, and to exercise like authoiity over all places pur-
chased by the consent of the Legislature of the State in which
the same shall be, for the erection of forts, magazines, arse-
nals, dock-yaids, and other needful buildings."
Now, it seems to be plain that as the Constitu-
tion has conferred upon Congress exclusive power
of legislation in certain particular cases only, it is
necessarily and clearly implied that Congress shall
not excrcisc exclusive powSr of legislation in any
other cases than those enumerated; and I insist
that the position occupied by the gentleman in
reference to the power of Congress to protect sla-
very in the Territories, while they remain such,
is as unsupported by the Constitution as the other
doctrine that Congress possesses power to exclude
slavery from all of our national Territories.
But, sir, there is another subject—one of such
momentous importance that I might well hesitate
to approach it. I refer to the doctrine which has
been broached upon this floor and supported with
ability—that a State has a right to secede from the
Union, and that this right grows out of the pecu-
liar relations which these States occupy to each
other.
I believe, sir, the first speech which was made
upon this subject came from the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Curry:] and while his remarks in
everything except this sentiment bore an admira-
ble ljce, exhibiting not only superior ability, but
a familiar acquaintance with the subject of dis-
cussion; wlnie such was the fact, yet, it seemed
to me that his eloquence lost all its force in his
endeavors to make it appear plausible that any
State had the right to secede from the Union.
Mr. Clerk, if there has ever been a political in-
stitution organized among men. rising infinitely
above all other institutions, it is that feature of
our Government which unites the various States
of the Conlederacy together, forming the Union
of the States; and whenever you talk about dis-
solving the Union, you touch the great heart of
the American people. It seems to me there is no
occasion, there never can be an occasion, for dis-
cussing the propriety or possibility of dissolving
the Union in advance of some overwhelming ne-
cessity, which requires this policy as the only
mode of maintaining the liberties of the people.
But, sir, I desire, instead of advancing views of
my own upon this subject, to present the views
of some of the most distinguished statesmen of
the nation, who were instrumental not only m the
formation of the Government, but who have de-
voted their lives in maintaining it, and in impress-
ing upon the people of the Union the necessity
for its preservation. I have before me a remark
of Mr. Pinckney, of South Carolina, submitted
by him to the comontion which framed the Con-
stitution, in connection with a draft which le1 sub-
mitted to that body. He said:
'■} appiehend that the tiue intention of the States in unit-
ing i-^ to luu e o fum national Government, capable of ef-
fcetua1!}' executing its act* and dispensing its benefits and
P'ofcetion. In it can alone be vested those powers and
picioganves which moie pdiuculaily distinguish a sover-
eign State. The membeia, which eo:npo?e the supeiin-
tending Government, are to be considered n."? parts of agieat
whole, and onlv suffered to retain the powers neccssai'y to
the adnuniMiation of their State systems."
Patrick Henry, who is well known to have op-
posed the adoption of the Federal Constitution,
because he believed it conferred too much power
upon the Federal Government, m his icmarks, in
1798, when the resolutions of Virginia had began
to excite public attention, said:
" if I dm a-ked what ie< to be done when a people feci
them?el\v^ intoleiably oppressed, my anf-wei is ready: Over-
turn the Government; bat do not, I beseech you, carry
mattei > to tftih length without piovoeation. Wait, at lea-i,
until some infringement is made upon your rights which
cannot otheiwi^elte iedrest--ed, for if ever you recur to an-
otiier change, you may bid adieu forever to representative
government. You can never exchange the pscscnt Gov-
ernment, but for a monarchy."—Wirt's Life of Henry, page
S83-395.'
Mr. Clay said:
u We know not fioni what quarter the bolt of disunion
may be huiled; it may be from the South, it may be fiom
the Noith. But u e know when it will fall, it will fall upon
the pave of oui libeity."
But, sir, among the great men which this coun-
try has produced—and it has been truly prolific
in great statesmen and warriors—no one has a
stronger hold on the affections of the American
people, with a single exception, than Andrew
Jackson; not only for his achievements in defend-
ing his country in war, but eminent, if for no
