3100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
nor will itsilence the rcproaches of mankind or
our own accusing consciences. Let us of America
strive rather to put ourselves right than to put
England in the wrong;. Let us enforce our own
laws; drive from the seas every American slaver;
vindicate the honor of our flag now tarnished, and
our fame now stained; and then, when we have
vindicated our own country,and not till then, let
us summon England before the tribunal of man-
kind to plead against the accusations now made
against her policy and. her acts.
Mr. TOOMBS. I should like to understand
from the Senator from Massachusetts if we have
not been complying with our treaty obligations?
Have we not had eighty guns on the African coast
ever since the Ashburton treaty?
Mr. WILSON. We nominally keep a force of
eighty guns on the African waters, but practically
we do not do so. It is a fact well known that the
ships we send to the coast of Africa, in compli-
ance with our treaty obligations, arc not adapted
to the wants of the service; and it is also a fact that
some of these vessels, instead of cruising in the
African waters, are spending monthsof their time
in port at the Cape de Verds, or at some other
station. One of these ships, sent to fulfill our
treaty obligations, m a cruise of fifteen months
spent eleven months at the Cape de Ycrds and
nineteen days on the African coast. Inefficient,
however,as our African squadron has been, it has
contributed something to repress the slave traffic.
By the action of France, England, and the United
States, the slave trade has been reduced from more
than one hundred thousand annually, which it
averaged 'from 1788 to 1840, to less than forty
thousand. From 1840 to 1849 the British cruisers
captured five hundied and ninety ships, with
thirty-seven thousand Africans on board them.
The line of slave coast has been diminished hun-
dreds of miles; and it is now in the power of Eng-
land and America, by mcrcascd activity, to ut-
terly exterminate a traffic at which humanity
sickens.
1 hold in my hand, Mr. President, the list of
nine vessels of from two hundred to five hundred
ton? burden, which have sailed from the city of
New York since the 31st of December to engage
in the slave trade. Nine slave ships, fitted out in
the city of New York, have sailed for the slave
coast of Africa in little more than five months.
Other slavers have doubtless sailed from that city
during this period to participate in this traffic of
blood and death.
Mr. HAMMOND. Will the Senatorallow mc
ask him one question?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. HAMMOND. Were any of them fitted
out from southern ports?
Mr. WILSON. I said that these vessels were
fitted out at New York.
Mr. HAMMOND. I know the Senator said
so as to these nine; but i desire to know if he has
a list of any sailing from southern ports?
Mr. WILSON. I take it not a great many,
although the Senator will find that slaters nrc fitted
out at New Orleans; at any rate Now York and
New Orleans are the places whore most American
vessels arc fitted out tor the slave trade. Few ves-
sels are fitted out in the southern ports for any
trade.
Mr. HAMMOND. I have not heard of any
at New Orleans.
Mr. WILSON. There have been some slavers
fitted out in that city. Besides these nine vessels,
a vessel sailed a few days ago from the city of
New York, and the day after she sailed 1 received
a letter from a gentleman of that city stating that
she had sailed for the const of Africa as a slaver;
that three officers of the United States came to the
wharf three minutes before she started, saw her
sail, and might have arrested her. The vessel
went down the harbor, met with an accident, came
back to the city, and has since been anested as a
slaver. That makes ten vessels starting from New
York known to be engaged in the slave trade in
less than six months. I have no doubt at lea-st
twenty slavers have sailed from the United States
during the past six months, for there can be no
doubt of the fact that tho slave trade has revived
in this country during the last year to an alarm-
ing extent. Therefore, sir, it becomes the duty
of this Government, not only to execute our treaty
obligations, by keeping our force of eighty guns
on the coast of Africa, but to add to that force, to
increase the efficiency of our laws against the traf-
fic, and to enforce, at all hazards, the laws which
brand this polluted commerce in the sons and
daughters of Africa.
Now, sir, what is proposed by my amendment?
It is to use the small sum of $300,000 to purchase
some small steamers; to send those steamers to the
calm waters, to the bays, to the rivers, of the five
or six hundred miles of the African coast now
open to the slave trade. Is this demand new ? I
hold in my hand the recommendations of four
naval commanders, who have been naval com-
manders on the coast of Africa—Commander
Foote, CommanderLavalctte, Commander Mayo,
and Commander Lynch—all recommending the
use of a few small steamers on that coast. They
say that two or three small steamers that could
penetrate the bays and livers, and sail rapidly
along the coast of Africa, would be more efficient
| than the eighty guns you now keep on that coast.
I would rather have three small steamers worth
$100,000 each, on the coast of Africa, to suppress
the slave trade, than all the ships we have kept on
that coast under the Ashburton treaty. They
would be worth more, and the commanders in
your Nav.y agree in this opinion. I have a letter
ncre from Commander Foote on this very propo-
sition of sending a few steamers to the coast of
Africa, and changing our laws as recommended
in the bill that I introduced; and he who was a
commander on the coast of Africa, who has writ-
ten a book upon the subject of greatinterest, and
who has lectured upon it, says:
a T have read with deep interest your hill for the sup-
pression of tiie slave tiade, and beg to say, that we have
iifvei had any plan at all comparable to the one you have
pioposed."
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the Senator if the bill
to which Commander Foote refers is not the bill
which the Senator from Massachusetts introduced,
and not the amendment now under considera-
tion ?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir; the bill I introduced.
Mr. MALLORY. I concur with that.
Mr. WILSON. Now, sir, if we appropriate
these $300,000, the Secretary of the Navy can at
once purchase three or four steamers, send them
to the African coast, and they will be there to
capture this licet of vessels from the city of New
York now there or on their way there. If these
steamers are purchased, if they are armed prop-
cily, if they ate sent to these waters under good
commanders, they will capture many of these
slavers, and land the victims m Africa, without
the great expense to which we ha\e recently been
subjected. I do not believe in the policy of
neglecting the coast of Africa, the bays and rivers
where the slavers ship their victims, and going to
the coast of Cuba to capture them. I am in favor
of capturing them wherever we can find them; but
our true policy, our cheapest policy, is to cap-
ture these vessels when they arc on the coast of
Africa.
The Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] asks
how it is that the slave trade has been revived in
the cities of the North. He does not understand
why tins traffic m men should be renewed at this
time by persons residing in this country. I think,
sir, it is all very plain. We have had in this
country, dunng the past six years, an immense
pressure for the extension of slavery into theTcr-
litories, and ior the supremacy of slavery in the
councils of the Government. To extend slavery,
to secure its controlling influence over the Govern-
ment, ancient restrictions have been abrogated,
and lawless violence and frauds have been resorted
to by unscrupulous men, ready to sacrifice every
right that stood m the way of their schemes of
expansion and dominion. The Senator from Vir-
ginia himself ptoclaimed on this floor that the
slaveholding States had the right to the natural
expansion of slavery on this continent as an ele-
ment of political power. Dots the Senator sup-
pose that these ellbrts to expand human slavery
over this continent, for the avowed purpose of
strengthening the power of shwe-mastcia over the
national Government, have no influence over men
ever ready to do any work of inhumanity or crime
to fill their coders with gold''
Sir, these ellbrts to extend human slavery in
America; these attempts to increase the power of
slavery in the councils of the nation; these discus-
sions m these Halls and in the public journals;
these deeds of fraud and violence, have had their :
demoralizing effects upon the country. When the
Senator from Virginia finds that men engaged in'
this inhuman traffic cannot be convicted; that ju-
ries fail; that judges pervert the laws; that public
journals and public men demand the abrogation
of treaty stipulations, and the modification or re-
peal of all laws branding the slave trade as piracy,
why should he be surprised that m northern com-
mercial cities, in the great city of New York,
there should be found men to invest capital to fit
out ships to send vessels to the coast of Africa to
engage in a traffic which, if successful, fills their
puises with covetcd gold? Why should not men
be found m that great commercial city as ready to
violate law, the rights of human nature and the
feelings of humanity to win gold, as to aid in the
work of slavery expansion and dominion m Amer-
ica for the poor boon of official patronage? Surely
the experienced Senator from Virginia cannot be
surprised at the readiness of men to do mean and
wicked deeds for slavery. The Senator has often
seen how ready men arc, even in these Chambers,
to do whatever slavery requires of them. The
Senator the other day reported in favor of return-
ing to my colleague a petition presented by him
of colored citizens of Massachusetts. In this the
Senator had the ready support of the Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Fitcii.] When the honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia finds the Senator from Indiana
not only ready to engage in an act like that—an
act which violates the constitutional rights of men
and the rights of a Senator of a sovereign State—
but willing to make an insulting motion, accom-
panied by impertinent remaiks towards the Sen-
ator who, in the discharge of public duty, pre-
sented the petition, why should he not suppose
that other men can be found willing to do any
work in the interests of slavery ? When the Sen-
ator from Virginia sees the pliancy and alacrity
of the Senator from Indiana in this work of sup-
pressing the petitions of the colored citizens of a
sovereign Common wealth, why should he not sup-
pose that men may be found in other northern
States ready to engage in tho slave trade?
Sir, it cannot be matter of surprise to Senators
that men in our great commercial cities, especially
New York, should engage with renewed zeal in
the slave trade. Men ever ready to clutch at
every opportunity to fill their purses with gold,
no matter how it is to be won, could not fail to
be influenced to embark in the unlawful and inhu-
man slave trade by the change which has been
going on in the public mind in regard to this traffic
m men. Wo cannot disguise the fact that a great
change of sentiment has been going on in this
country with icgard to the slave trade. Five or
six years ogo, the Charleston Mercury, a paper
conducted with great ability in the interest of
slavery, advocated the reopening of the slave
trade.
Mr. HAMMOND. The Senator will allow me
to say that he is mistaken. It was not the Mer-
cury, but the Charleston Standard. I never heard
of the Mercury taking that side.
Mr. WILSON. 1 beg your pardon. I am not
mistaken. The Charleston Mercury of 1854 said:
" The slave trade has been a blessing, both to Africa and
Amciica. Why may it notstill go on civilizing the savage,
and developing the resources of a splendid region? Why
should the law'of nations, under the plea of humanity, affix
tho severest penalties and the blackest stigma to a traffic
which ha  accomplished so much in behalf of humanity?
Why should this Government adhere to a policy which ex-
cludes from \ast and feitile legions the only labor suited
to them? And, lastly, why should the South, and south-
ern statesmen, so muice the truth, and weaken the cause
of siavpry, by uniting with fanatics and avals, against that
winch has been the source of her present, and must be, as
we will now attempt to show, of her future prosperity, if
not existence?
Sir, this same Charleston Mercury declared
that—
' 'Slavery must b<° "prend in area and power. The pre-
ponderating power ol the free States, ever on the increase,
hum be countei balanced bvthe addition of slave States. If
the Noith coiom/.Cb for abolition, the South must colonize
for slavery. Tho means of defense must multiply with the
means of attack.*3 * * ^ ^ * * *
'•The alternative, then, to the South is, whether she will
continue to depend solely upon tho natmal increase of her
staves for development and colonization, wholly inadequate
as it is for either, or, de^pi^ng tor once and forever the
whimngs of fanatiCiM*), she wili Lrus-h fiom her path its
thmsy obstacles, and demand that the ongmal and true
source ol her labor shall b.i no longer closed—thai Africa
and America shall be tree to icciprocate blessings? It,
when slavery was deemed an evil, southern men consented
to the abolition of the slave tiade the precursor of eman-
cipation, will they adhere to the same policy when slavery
