2156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
I think, however, that he has doubled my time;
and I am willing, in the remainder of the debate,
to give him two hours tomyone,so that the busi-
ness of the Senate may be delayed as little as pos-
sible by me.
The last point which I will notice, is his refer-
ence to the Southern League. He reads from the
Southern League constitution, or whateveritis—
I do not know—to show that there was an organ-
ization to dissolve the Union. Does the Senator
believe there was a lodge in that Southern League
outside of the State of Alabama?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I did suppose so, for the
reason that Mr. Yancey refers to it in his letter
to Slaughter in terms of approval; and in the let-
ter to Pryor, explaining the Slaughter letter, he
says there is a well-matured plan throughout the
southern States, and approved by the best men
in Virginia, evidently referring to the Southern
League as spreading throughout the southern
States and then existing in Virginia, with the ap-
proval of the best men.
Mr. DAVIS. I know very little about other
people's secrets, and have very few of my own
to keep; but 1 will say that if there was a lodge
outside of Alabama, I do not know of it. Further,
I will say, that I do not believe there was. And
more, I will say, from the bent information I have,
there was not one hundred in the organization in
Alabama; 1 have been told about seventy-five. 1
do not thmlc the Union was in any danger from
them. I have great confidence in the strength of
the Union. Every now and then I hear that it is
about to tumble to pieces, that somebody is going
to introduce a new plank into the platform, and if
he docs, the Union must tumble down; until at
last 1 begin to think it is suoh a rickety old plat-
form that it is impossible to prop it up; but then
I bring my own judgment to bear, instead of re-
lying on witnesses, and I come to the conclusion
that the Union is strong and safe—strong m its
power, as well as in the affections of the people;
that it holds high prizes yet, and the dancer is that
it will overwhelm the States by its wide-spread
patronage. The danger is consolidation; and 1
wish it was my in power to-day to strike three
fifths of the patronage of this Government from it,
that the States might rise in their relative dignity,
and theUnionbclcss strong than it is—more strong
perhaps in the affections of a virtuous people, but
irss powerful m its influence upon those who fol-
low m tile wake of spoils. But, sirs 1 have very
little apprehension that the Union is about to be
destroyed by seventy-five men anywhere; very
little apprehension that this great Government can
be crushed by a secret organization. No, sir; it
will require men, brave men, intelligent men,
united and acting openly, defending their firesides,
under the promptings of the highest motive that
.sustained our fathers m the Revolution, whenever
war shall successfully be waged against this Gov-
ernment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask leave to a say a word
or two more. 1 concur most heartily in all the
Senator from Mississippi has said in regard to
the abuses and dangers that arise from executive
patronage. No man in America has had more
cause to feel the weight and to witness the abuse
< f Federal patronage than 1. For three years no
friend of mine has been permitted to hold a cross-
iomIs post office, or even to circulate the public
documents under my frank, as a general thins;, in
my own State. The Senator states that i have
made an assault upon the l)ernoeiatic party be-
cause I said the Federal office-holders in that
State did not belong to the party. Sir, I am not
the only one that has said it. The Senator said
he supposed the party in Illinois was divided.
They did pretend to be, and the Federal office-
holders got up delegates to Charleston; but when
they went before that convention that body, by a
unanimous vote, expelled these office-holders. It
was the Charleston convention that decided that
the Federal office-holders in Illinois did not !)■"•-
'long to the Democratic organization; and 1 did
not find that Mississippi dissented, nor did Ala-
bama, nor did South Carolina. No man from
any one State would degrade himself so much as
to recognize that bogus delegation from Illinois,
representing the Federal office-holders, as belong-
ing to the Democratic organization. I think the
action of the convention, its unanimous action,
and that, too, before Mississippi had retired, was
pretty good evidence on that point.
Mr. DAVIS. Evidence of who were the dele-
gates.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes; and the question of who
the delegates were depended on whether they were
sent by the party or not. There could be but one
Democratic party, and that decided who that
party was; and it is well known that those who
were rejected had acted with the Republicans
and Abolitionists for the last three years at all
their elections, and do now. A man is not per-
mitted to hold office in Illinois who votes the
Democratic ticket.
The Senator tells us that he has declining dis-
trust of all platforms; that he begins to think they
are not of much account; that we should get along
just about as well without them as with them;
that he depends a great deal more on the man
than on the platform; that he thinks he would
trust a good man without any platform at all. If
that is the case, why is he not content with the
platform as it is, and then go for a good man?
Why break up the party on the platform, if you
do not think that is of any consequence ?
Remember, the bolters seceded at Charleston,
not on the candidate, but on the platform. Were
they afraid that they could not get a good man? I
have no dou bt thefnends of each candidate thought
their man the best. Neai ly every southern State
had one; and, so far as I know, most of them
were very good men. Several of them it would
give me great pleasure to go for, if they were the
nominee. Why, then, did they not content them-
selves with the platform, and only quarrel about
the men ? If the platform is not a matter of much
consequence, why press that question to the dis-
ruption of the party ? Why did you not tell us in
the beginning of this debate that the whole fight
was against the man, and not upon the platform ?
Mr. DAVIS. I could not tell you so.
Mr. DOUGLAS. You tell us now that the plat-
form is not of much account.
Mr. DAVIS. No, I did not say that, though
I said to the Senator what my own opinion was,
and how it affected me. I was not speaking for
others. I am only a small man.
Mr. DOUGLAS. So am I. I am not speak-
ing for others either; but I want to understand
this thing. Do you mean that the platform is of
no consequence, provided you get the right man,
and that if there is no prospect of getting a good
man you will make a fight on the platform and
break things, swear by# the platform, say that
southern honor, southern rights, southern dig-
nity, are all at stake; that you care not about men;
and at the same time say to yourselves: " We do
not care about the platform, provided we can get
our man; if we can, we will take him on our plat-
form; but any platform will do with our man."
Is that the position? Why, then,are these reso-
lutions here now? If they are not intended to
operate on the Baltimore convention, for what
purpose are they pressed to the exclusion of the
public business? The Senator does not contend
that there is any pressing necessity for them; he
does not pretend that there is anygreat evil to be
redressed; for, wheiT asked by his colleague why
he does not bring in a bill to carry out this right,
he says there is no necessity for it. There is no
necessity for legislation; no grievances to be rem-
edied; no evil to be avoided; no action is neces-
sary; and yet the peace of the country, the integ-
lity of.the Democratic party, is to be threatened
by abstract resolutions, when there is confessedly
no necessity for action. The people will ask
what all this is for; what it means; why it is so
important to have a vote on an abstract resolu-
tion when it is admitted there is no necessity for
action, no danger to the Republic, no evil to be
redressed. And yet all public business must be
postponed to give priority to it. Why? There
must be some purpose. "Why ? Because it will
not do to have a rickety platform unless you get
your man.
Mr. President, I think I shall drop this subject
here. I am sorry to have been forced to occupy
so much of the time of the Senate; but the Senate
will bear me witness that I have not spoken, in
the last two years, on any one of these topics, ex-
cept when assailed, and then in self-defense. You
will never find the discussio'n renewed here again
by me, exceptm self-defense. I have studiously
avoided attacking any man, because I did not
mean to give a pretext for renewing the assault
on me; and the world shall understand that if
my name is brought into this debate again, it will
be done aggressively, as an assault on me; and
if I occupy any more time, it will be only in self-
defense.
Mr. MASON. I desire to be heard, but very
briefly, on the question now before the Senate, and
will ao it this evening, if it is the pleasure of the
Senate. ["Oh, no!"]
Mr. YULEE I ask the Senator to give way,
as it is very desirable that we should have an ex-
ecutive session before the adjournment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) Does the Senator from Virginia yield
the floor to the Senator from Florida?
Mr. MASON. I desire only to know when we
shall have this subject up again. I am not much
of a parliamentarian.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the opinion
of the Chair, if it be left as it now is, the Senator
having the floor on it, it will come up to-morrow
at one o 'clock as the unfinished business of to-day.
Mr. MASON. To-morrow, I understand, is
set apart for private bills.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. To-morrow, by
a standing order of the Senate, is assigned for the
consideration of the Private Calendar.
Mr. MASON. I move to postpone the further
consideration of this subject until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 17, 1860.
The Housemet at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
RECESS.
Mr. BURCH. I move that the reading of the
Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. BURNETT. There is no quorum present,
and we can do no business.
Mr. BURCH. Is not my motion in order?
The SPEAKER. Not if objection be made,
no quorum being present. The Clerk will read
the journal.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I object to the
reading of the Journal, until it is ascertained that
a quorum is present.
Mr. BURNETT. It is perfectly apparent that
there is no quorum present, and that there will
be none for an hour or two. I suppose this House
has power, by unanimous consent, to take a re-
cess until two o'clock.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Say one
o'clock.
Mr. BURNETT. I have no objection to that.
Mr. HATTON. There will be no quorum
present at that time; and if we assemble then, we
shall be obliged to call the roll,..which will con-
sume half an hour. I think it would be better to
say half past one.
Mr. COLFAX. I would suggest two o'clock>
for if wo meet at one, it is evident that we shall
be obliged to have a call of the House until two
o'clock.
Mr. BURNETT. I have no objection to either
of the hours named. I prefer two o'clock, for the
reasons already named. Wc shall gain no time
by reassembling at one o'clock. If we fix upon
the hour of two, no call of the House will be ne-
cessary.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The grand cere-
mony docs not commence formally until twelve
o'clock, and the Japanese will not got out before
one o'clock, as they are not very'early risers.
Mr. HATTON. I object to the gentleman from
New York casting reflections upon our distin-
guished visitors.
By unanimous consent, the House then took a
recess until two o'clock.
The House reassembled at two o'clock, p. m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. On the 21st of March the House passed a
resolution authorizing a justice of the superior
court of the State of New York, residing in the
