1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Is proved to be a blessing—nay, the very heart-blood of the
South." *********
" If it benefits the African, and benefits the southern
planter, and benefits the trader who brings over the slaves,
who i>5 there to he injured by it ? We are 10 be content with
the answer that there is a pack of fools and pharisees in
England and the northern States, whose feelings are hurt by
the. horrora of the slave trade, and that the general assembly
of French philosophers have decided that man can right-
fully have no property in man."
Such were^the opinions of the Charleston Mer-
cury six years ago. That journal admitted that
it was " in advance of the age;" but it declared
that, as the interest was an i( enduring one," it
"could afford to wait." This paper led the
southern press in the discussion of the policy of
the reopening of the slave trade; and it declared
that—
" The position of the Mercury has not, so far as wehave
noticed, been repudiated oy a single meeting coming fresh
fiom the people ; and the ph-sshasgenetally treated it with
couvitleiduon, if not with assent."
It has changed its position on that question.
So, I believe, has the Senator from South Caro-
lina. The Charleston Standard, too, early advo-
cated the reopening of the African slave trade.
That journal said:
There will be a necessity for the South to demand a
modification of its present loiations to the General Govern-
ment, «uid in doing this we cannot help confessing that it
were moio manly 10 say at onff that the lestiicuons upon
the slave tiaile shall be lemoved." "* * * *
"Thus situated, the want ot slavery is the .slave nade.
Legalize the cntiunce to usof the miserable savages fiom
the ooa <t <j( Africa. a  the entiance of the scaieely less
miserable labours lioin Kuiope to the northern States is
legalized, and we would ask no other security lor inde-
pendence. They would cotnu in countless numbers." *
* * * "it is thus, thereloie, that we&ay the want
of slavciy is the slave trade." * * * * "We
want mort1 negroen—-i hundtcd thousand of them in South
Caioima alnnc. We cannot got them fiom othnr States,
for we aie already bettei piovukd than our nojghbois; and
our only rosouice, thereUne, scenic to be the eo.M ot Af-
rica.'' **>•<. ki it )u;cesxi!\ to M>e
that we are ri^ht; to look at the irwit question of the slave
trade, and see it', m fact, we iequue its reustabhs-hiuent;
and it so, we will demand its ito&tablislnnent within Una
Union, or we w.U ie;sUbtuU it
These were the opinions early advocated by
these two leading journals of Charleston, South
Carolina.
Mr. HAMMOND. If the Senator will allow
me, 1 will say that I think the Mercury has habit-
ually denounced the reopening of the slave trade.
If the extracts he has read were really taken fi om
the Mercury, they must have been from some cor-
respondent of the Mercury, or something that was
extracted and collated, and put m the Mercury—•
a tiling not always done by the editor. Editori-
ally the Mercury has always been decidedly op-
posed to the reopening of the slave trade; and I do
not know of any paper m the State of South Car-
olina that is m favor of it, or any that ever advo-
cated it except the Standard, which now exists no
longer.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I am sun? the
Senator fromSouth Carolina is mistaken in regard
to the Mercury, for that journal speaks of the
duties "we owe our readers," and boasts that
no public meeting m the South had dissented
from its opinion?, and that most of the papers of
the South had assented to its doctrines.
Governor Adams, in his message to the Legis-
lature, in 1357, advocated the reopening of the
African slave trade. In this message Governor
Adams said:
" Irrespective, however, of interest, the act of Congress
declaung the slave tiade puaoy. is a fraud upon us which
1 think it important 10 lemovo."
And the Governor urged the Legislature "to
withdraw your assent to an act, which is it-
self a direct condemnation to your institutions."
In response to tins message, an elaborate report
was made by Mr. Bryan, elosingwith resolutions
requesting the delegation from South Carolina in
Congress to propose the abrogation of the eighth
article of the treaty of Washington, and all other
treaty stipulations in relation to the slave trade;
and to support the repeal of any act prohibiting
the sJuvu trade, or declaring it piracy. A minority
report of great ability was made by Mr. Pettigrew,
of Charleston, and for that dissenting report ho
was—if the Charleston correspondent of the South-
ern Citizen is correct—kept out of the Legislature.
This correspondent to the Citizen says:
" In South Caiohna Mr. Spratt has been elcctcd to the
Legislature by a iaige majority, and Mr. Pettigrew has failed
of his election."
Mr. Spratt was a leading advocate in the south-
ern commercial convention, at Montgomery, Ala-
bama, for the reopening of the slave trade, and
has written and printed much in support of that
policy.
Mr. HAMMOND. The Senator must allow
me to correct htm. Mr. Pettigrew did not run,
but went to Europe. 1 do not remember the ex-
act vote in the Legislature; but those resolutions
were thrown out by an overwhelming- majority.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator may be correct;
the resolutions were defeated in the Legislature;
but the correspondent of the Cit;zen,in this com-
munication, says:
" This cause of' the traffic In human ties})' was made an
issue for the election to the Legislature."
Whether Mr. Pettigrew voluntarily withdrew,
or was^ forced by the public sentiment of Charles-
ton to Withdraw, 1 cannot say. Be this as it may,
there is, I regret to say, a large and influential
class of men m South Carolina m iuvorof the re-
opening of the traffic in the bodies of men.
The Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs]
smiles. There has also been,! tell him, a change
in the sentiments of the people of the State he
represents upon this question of the slave trade.
The Constitution of Georgia, adopted in 1791, for-
bids the importation of slaves into that State
"from Africa or any other foreign place." A bill
was brought into the Legislature to provide for
the striking out of this prohibition, and was de-
feated by a majority of only one—47 to 40". In
uigmg its passage, a Mr. Atkinson argued that—
'• If we [of the South] lirst purge out constitutions and
laws of these J.IboLition heresies, we can then consistently
ask the North to believe with us; but while wc acknowl-
edge the evil of slavery by piobibitin^ it from our shore*,
curi we expc'ct them to call it anything but sin *
* * "The hie of iunaticum is coining down upon
u.s; to resist it .successfully, we must put ou the panoply of
law, and arm uitojlvoj at evciy point. Thi> we cannot
do while we acknouled;xe that the means? by wlucli we
acquned it ought to be piohtbited."
Daniel Lee, editor of the Southern Cultivator,
and professor of agricultural chemistry 111 the
University of Georgia, writing to the Georgia
Constitutionalist, reiers to ,s the fact thatthe South
has now neatly seven hundred thousand square
miles of unimproved land, and mines of vast ex-
tent and inestimable value, which require human
labor alone to render both exceedingly product-
tivc;"aflirms that, " fully to meet the mineral re-
quirements of the South will demand the labor
of a million men in tiie next twenty years;55
and, in view of these facts, thinks it44 providen-
tial that there is so much unemployed power in
human muscles in western Africa/' which " may
be had at from ten to fifteen dollars as it exists
m each person." He wishes the South {< to take
a ruiliion men and women now worthless in
Africa, and make their labor so productive as to
cause the now unproductive southern mines to pay
ood interest on $1,000,000,000, and the muscles
The Savannah Republican published an indig-
nant protest of the grand jury which indicted
parties suspected of being engaged in the slave
trade in the Wanderer. The jurymen, being
under oath to find a bill according to law, state
that they did so against their will. The protest
concludes thus:
t( Heretofore, the people of the South, firm In their con-
sciousness of right and strength, have failed to place the
stamp of condemnation upon such Jaws as rcflect upon the
institution of slavery, but have permuted, unrebuked, the
influence of foreign opinion to prevail in their support.
" Longer to yield to a sickly sentiment of pretended phi-
lanthropy, and diseased mental observation of'higher law'
fanatics, the tendency of which Is to debase us i  the esti-
mation of civilized nations, is weak and unwise. They
then unhesitatingly advoeate the repeal of all laws which
directly or indirectly condemn the institution, and think it
the duty of the southern people to require their legislators
to unite their cflbrta for the accomplishment of this ob-
ject."
Mr. WIGrFALL. Will the Senatorgive way
for a single moment? If the Senator really wants
his proposition to pass, it seems to me that he
can make an argument in favor of it; but he is
making an argument to show that the whole South
wants the slave trade reopened, in order to get us
to vote for his proposition. Is not this an extraor-
dinary mode of reasoning} If you want the slave
trade suppressed, make an argument to show that
it ought to be done, and that this is the efficient
means of doing it; but do not get up here and read
newspaper extracts to show what we know is not
so, and to prove that wo want what we know we
do not want. If it is for agitation and irritation,
go on.
Mr. WILSON. I am much obliged to the Sen-
ator from Texas for his gratuitous advice. Mr.
Stephens, of Georgia, in a speech delivered July
2, 1859, to the people of that State, declared that
we could not extend slavery into the Territories
" unless we have an increase of African stock*,"
i " it requires people of the African race to make
| slave Suites-," and that " without an increase of
j African slaves from abroad, you may not expect
j or look for many more slave States." And the
[ Senator from Texas, quoting from this speech,
| triumphantly asked:
i 11 Could any argument be more cunningly devised to at-
! tiact the southern mind to this question, and make it an
! i*sue, than the >pe<.'cli of Mr. Stephens, delivered in Geor-
| gia last summer?
De Bow's Review has published many able ar-
ticles in favor of the reopening of the slave trade.
This periodical, which has great influence in the
South, says, in August, 1858, that—
u In the entire South, and especially Southwest, a very
iaige party, in some States it would be safe to suy almost
a controlling portion of the population, look to a limited
revival of the African slave tiade as indispensable to the
South, in a political point of view, if she is to maintain her
present position."
a   , . ., , ,     M
of°these savages to pay a fair interest on §1,000 November (1853) number of this review,
or $500 each." He estimates that their work, jj Mr. Deloney, a member of the Senate of Louisi-
in one year, "will refund the money paid for
them and the cost of bringing them" over, and
that "tlicy will then be worth, at §500 a head,
$500,000,000 to the South, as an enduring, ever-
living,and reproducingindustrial power." More-
over, " under the three*fifths representation in
Congress, they will give the South six new Rep-
resentatives," and will create such a demand for
farmers, mechanics, professional men, &c., by
their labor as miners, as to bring in a million
immigrants from Europe to the South, with a
gain of44 ten more Representatives in Congress."
He argues that to extend its improvements al-
ready hegun, u to consolidate Us strength and
harmonize all interests, the South must draw
equally on Europe and Africa for living1 men and
women;" that to admit "all immigrants from
Europe" and none (C from the parent land of the
" " — is to discriminate against the labor of the
ana, in an elaborate article addressed to the people
of that State, on the " demands of the South for
more negro labor," maintains these propositions:
<c Fir: t. To supply the increasing demands of cotton and
«?ug>ir States, the more fully to develop their agricultural
resouices, in Older to keep pace with the rapidly-incieus-
mg consumption of their staple pioducts.
"Second. TodiiTuseitmoregenerallyamongthe people,
and thereby to consolidate and strengthen the basis of sla-
very where it aiieadv exists.
'•Thud. To expand the area of slavery, by supplying
additional temtoiy wah that species of labor which alone
is adapted to euluue and development; and thereby to
enlarge the circle of the Ma\e States, and establish tho
equality of the South witlim the Union.''1
These propositions are elaborately developed,
and they embrace the issues now before the peo-
ple of the slave consuming States. The Senator
from Texas knows that these positions are sup-
ported by presses and politicians in the South-
west—in his own State; and that thousands of the
negro, ^ ,
latter without any good reason;" and that the !) people of that section of the Union entertain the
moral right u to bring negroes from the valley of jj views embodied in these propositions. I might
the Niger" to till the3and, is the same as to bring b quote from southern presses, periodicals, pamph-
" Germans from theirfatherland"todoit. Bring- jj lets, and addresses, to show that a party in the
ing Africans to this country as slaves, he calls by i   " ~
the pleasant name of" aiding these people to vin-
dicate their manhood;" and says " the fullness
of time has arrived when it is practicable to im-
prove at once men of the type of Washington,
Hamilton, Jefferson, Clinton, Marshall, and Liv-
ingston, and the most degraded savages, with
great advantage to the world at large. 1 trace
the growing demand for negro muscles, bones,
and brains, to the good providence of God."
South, especially in the cotton States of the Gulf,
are in favor of reopening the African slave trade,
and of abrogating all treaties and repealing all laws
which brand that trade as a crime against human-
ity. Even in these Chambers th<*laws pronounc-
ing the slave trade piracy are denounced, and
our treaty obligations are sought to be abrogated.
In the House of Representatives, at the last ses-
sion, Representatives from the South gave utter-
ance to the growing sentiment of that section in
