1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
city of New York, to take testimony in the case
of the contested election of Williamson against
Sickles. Those judges have certified to the House
that they are unable, for want of time, to dis-
charge that duty. The Committee of Elections
have agreed upon a resolution which seems to be
satisfactory to both parties; and upon that reso-
lution, which I now present, I call the previous
question.
Mr. SICKLES. I hope the gentleman will not
call the previous question until we have heard the
resolution read.
Mr. DAWES. Very well.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the judges of the superior court of the
State of New York, residing in the city of New York, be,
and they are hereby, authorized and requested to appoint
and select a commissioner of the degree of counsellor-at-
law, whose duty it shall be to take the testimony in the mat-
ter of Amor J. Williamson, contesting the seat now held by
Hon. Daniel E. Sickles, from the third congressional dis-
trict of the State oi New York, as provided and directed by
the resolution passed by the House of Representatives on
the 21st of Maich, 1860. It shall be the duty of the said
eommissionei so appointed to enter upon his duties imme-
diately after his appointment, and after giving five days'
notice to the parties to this contest, to proceed from day to
day with the examination of such witnesses as may bo
brought betore him in support of the allegations of the con-
testant and certain allegations of the sitting member, until
the case is closed; provided such examination dees not ex-
tend beyond sixty days from the time of commencing the
taking of such testimony.. It shall be the duty of the com-
missioner appointed under this resolution to provide the
attorneys of the parties to this action with such number
of subpenas, issued by the Speaker of this House, as they
may require for the witnesses they desire to call. The said
commissioner is hereby diiected to take up the case from
the point which it had reached at the time it was brought
before the superior court on the 16th of May, 1860; and
alt notices given on either side are hereby declared good
without fuitlier action. All witnesses must be sworn by
some officer authorized by the laws of the Statu of New
York to administer oaths. On the conclusion of the case,
it shall he the duty of the commissioner hereby provided
for to transmit a correct copy of the evidence, pleadings,
&c., under oath, to the House of Representatives. And
each party is hereby authouzed to take the testimony of
any witnesses ics ident m the State of New Jersey, befoic
any judge of a court of roeoid oi magistrate authorized to
take depositions, resident in the State of New Jersey; and
said judge or magistrate is hereby authorized to do each
and ail things in the premises which the commissioner
hereinbefore mentioned its by this resolution authorized to
do. The time for the taking of testimony under this reso-
lution is not to commence till the day ot the adjournment
of the first session of this Congress, and is to extend sixty
days thereafter, with the exception of such witnesses not
resident of, or living in, or being about to leave, the State of
New York, as the contestant may desire to subpena and ox
amine before said adjournment; and as to such witnesses,
the commissioner or judge aforesaid, or either of them, is
hereby authorized in manner aforesaid to take and forward
their depositions at any time after the passage of this reso-
lution and belore the expiration of said sixty days, when
application shall be made to him for that purpose by the
contestant.
Mr. CRAIG-E, of North Carolina. I object to
that resolution. The House cannot repeal an
existing law by a resolution of the House.
Mr. SICKLES. I desire to call the attention
of the gentleman who offered the resolution to a
discrepancy and conflict between the first portion
of the resolution and the last, in reference to the
time when the commissioner shall enter upon his
duties. The first branch of the resolution says
that he shall enter upon his duties immediately,
while the latter part says the testimony shall be-
gin to be taken at the expiration of this session.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will read the
resolution, he will see that there is nothing incon-
sistentin it. It is necessary that the commissioner
should enter upon his duties as soon as this reso-
lution is passed; but the resolution modifies those
duties, and confines them until the adjournment
of this session of Congress simply to the taking
of such depositions as are therein specified. Be-
yond that lie cannot do anything.
Mr. CRAIG-E, of North Carolina. I rise to a
question of order. This resolution attempts to
repeal an existing law by the action of this flouse
alone. We have no right to do that without the
concurrent action of the Senate.
Mr. SICKLES. With the explanation of the
gentleman from Massachusetts as to the sense in
"which the first part of the resolution is to be con-
sidered, I have no objection to it.
I have -one further suggestion to make, and that
is, that the latter clause in reference to subpena-
ing witnesses is confined to the contestant. ! sug-
gest that he should insert "either party "in place
of "the contestant;" and also the same change
the last two words of the resolution.
Mr. DAWES. That is fair; and I accept the
suggestion, and make the modification accord-
ingly. I now call the previous question upon the
resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the resolution was adopted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MILITARY CONTRACTS.
Mr. CURTIS, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on Military Affairs, reported a bill
regulating contracts in the military service of the
United States; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
SUPERANNUATED OFFICERS.
Mr. CURTIS also, from the same committee,
reported a bill for retiring superannuated and
other disabled officers from the United States
Army; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
SCHOOL LANDS IN KANSAS.
Mr. NOELL. I ask the unanimous consept
of the House to take from the Speaker's table,
and have referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims, Senate bill No. 107, to confirm the
titles to certain purchases of school lands in Kan-
sas Territory.
No objection being made, the bill was taken from
the Speaker's table, and referred accordingly.
EXPULSION OF A CORRESPONDENT.
Mr. WINSLOW. I am directed by the select
committee, appointed some time ago upon the
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Coyode,} to report to the House certain testi-
mony taken before that committee, with an accom-
panying resolution. As the House is not very
full, it may be their pleasure to have the matter
postponed to another time, and have the resolu-
tion and testimony piinted. Wo have discharged
our duty, and we bring the matter before the
House.
The report was read, as follows:
Tn the select eommittoe of the House of Representative1?,
of which Ilwn John Oovode is chairman, May if), 1860,
Ch-dercil. That the testimony ol F. W. Walker, taken on
the 15th May, and so much oi the testimony of Cornelius
Wendell, of the 10th May, as refers to said Walker, be re-
ported to the House, and that it be recommended to the
House that the; following resolution be adopted :
Resolved, That F. W. Walker be expelled from the re-
porter5 gallery of the House.
WILLIAM G.PARKHURST,
Clerk Committee pro tempore.
Mr. WINSLOW. If it be the pleasure of the
House, I move that the resolution and testimony
bo printed, to be taken up at any time when the
House desires it.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there be a correspond-
ent here who ought not to be here, it would be
better to expel him now.
Mr. HOUSTON. What is the proposition?
The SPEAKER. It is to submit the report
and have its consideration postponed until some
day which the House may select; and that the
report be printed.
Mr. HATTON. I call for the regular order of
business, and 1 insist upon it.
The SPEAKER. This is a privileged ques-
tion.
Mr. WINSLOW. Perhaps it will be as well
to read the testimony now, and have the matter
disposed of at once. The testimony is short.
Mr. COLFAX. I rise to a question of order.
Last night the main question was ordered to be
put upon the Post Office deficiency bill; and I
submit that a priviledged question cannot over-
ride that action of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood that
this matter was introduced by unanimous consent.
Mr. COLFAX. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks this mat-
ter must be now disposed of, as it has been intro-
duced.
The testimony was then read, as follows:
Testimony of Cornelius Wendell•
Question. So far as you know, state to whom you paid
money?
•Answer* I would respectfully submit to the committee
whether it is right to compel me to state every agent I may
have engaged in every business transaction, political or
otherwise ?
Question. I think it certainly is so.
Answer. Well, sir, I paid to Alexander Hay some con-
sideiable amount, how much I could not say; and ! also
paid money to a Mr. Walker.
By Mr. Robinson :
Question. Can you not give your opinion how much you
paid them?
Answer. I should not dare to. In fact, I have been con-
nected with Mr. Hay in business, and money .transactions
to an enormous amount have passed between us; I sup-
pose over a hundred thousand dollars. What portion was
paid to him for services in tills matter, I would not under-
take to approximate.
By the Chairman:
Question. What was Mr. Walker's first name ?
Answer. I do not know.
Question. What was his position here ?
Answer. He was a reporter for some paper.
By Mr. Train :
Question. Do you mean a man who wears spectacles?
Answer. Yes, sir; he is the man; he is frequently in the
reporters' gallery.
By the Chairman:
Quezon. Do you know what amount you paid to liim ?
Answer. I do not, indeed. No other individual occurs to
me that I can possibly designate as having given money or
notes to in relation to thib &ubject. It was a mattei that 1
tried to banish from my mind as soon as possible, and I in-
tentionally disguised my books. There may be checks put
down to initials, some ot which were used there; there may
be money paid within sixty or ninety days on the notes 1
had discounted for money used in this way. I was using
at that time, as my books show, a heavy amount of money
in sums varying from ten dollars to twenty thousand ; and
it was a subject the details of which I banished from my
mind as soon as possible. But iny recollection is distinct
that the entire expenses were a little over thirty thousand
dollars.
Question. Do you know where Walker lived, where his
home was, and whom he was expected to have influence
with ?
Answer. I cannot state now. He was an active man, I
know; I had been acquainted with him for some time be-
foie that.
Question. Did you not, in making these payments, al-
ways do it in reference to a party having influence with
particular members?
Answer, I took men who I thought would have influence.
I would not have been likely to give them large amounts ot
money unless f supposed they would be likely to aid me in
the accomplishment of my ends.
Tuesday, May 15, I860.
F. W. Walker called and examined.
By Mr. Robinson :
Question. Whore do you reside?
Answer. In Brooklyn, New York.
Question. Were you here during, the Congress in which
the English bill was passed?
Answer. I was.
Question. Did you receivc any money from Mr. Wendell
to assist in passing that bill?
Answer. I did not, sir.
Question. Did you receive any money from Mr. Wendell
for your services, to assist in passing any bill during that
Congress ?
Answer. I never received from him or any one else, any
money by virtue of any contract or agreement, with him
or any one else, to assist in passing the English bill or any
other legislative proposition, or based on any consideration
connected with any particular proposition, under the atten-
tion of Congress.
Question. Did you receive any money from Mr. Wendell
for anything?
Answer. I did, sir.
Question. How much did you receive?
Answer. I did not exactly rcccive money, but money
equivalent.
Question* State the amount that you did receive.
Answer. L received a check for §500, and two notes for
$1,000 each.
Question. When did you receive these?
Answer. A day or two before the adjournment of the last
session of Congiess.
Question. Have these notes been since paid?
Answer. Thev have, sir.
Question. What was the consideratioaforthat check and
those two notes?
Answer. There never anything passed between Mr. Wen-
dell and myself upon the subject, or between me and any
one else connected with the matter. Mr, Wendell had had,
business beiore Congress, and was likely to have ill peipe-
tuity; but not a word passed between us on tlie subject. At
various times, when we have had diffeient matter* up, he
has spoken to me in respect to my good will towaids a meas-
ure in which he was interested; but at the tune when I re-
ceived that from him, nothing particular was said.
Question. What measures had he spoken to you about?
Answer. I cannot say particularly.
Question. Can you not recollect one ot them?
Answer. I do not know that Mr. Wendell spoke to mo of
any specific measure in all the back Congresses. In this
Congiess, he spoke of his interest m connection with print-
ing matters.
Question. lam speaking of whatoccurrcd in former Con-
gresses ?
Answer. Well, sir, I had my supposition with regard to
matters m which he might be interested.
Question, What did lie say to you when he gave you this
money?
Answer. I think there were not more than two or three
woids passed between us. He took me into one of tlie roonw,
as ho was about to go away, and there were some two or
thiee persons present.
