1214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
to the 24th rule of the House; and, in order that
itnvsybe fully understood, I will, read that ruleas
it now stands, and then read the amendment I pro-
pose to offer to it. The rule now reads:
" Members having petitions and memorials to present may
hand them to the Clerk, indorsing the same with their
names, and the reference or disposition to be made thereof;
and such petitions and memorials shall be entered on the
Journal, subject to the control and direction of the Speaker;
and if any petition or memorial be so handed in, which, ill
the judgment of the Speaker, is excluded by the rules, the
same shall be returned to the member from whom it was
received."
I propose to amend, by adding the following:
Provided, No memorial, petition, or claim, that lias once
Been presented to either House, referred to a committee,
and repoited upon adversely, shall be again presented in
the House, by hling with the Clerk; but may be presented
in the House accompanied by a statement indorsed there-
on, of the reason why a further investigation is desired.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
Here the committee rose informally; and the
Speaker resuming the chair, the House received
a message from the Senate, hy Mr. Hickey, its
Cleric, that the Senate had passed the following
bills, in which they asked the concurrence of the
House:
A resolution (No. 6) authorizing the enlarge-
ment of, and construction of, a branch to the
Louisville and Portland canal;
An act (No. 86) to amend the existing laws
relative to the compensation of the district attor-
neys, marshals, and clerks of the circuit and dis-
trict courts of the United States; and
An act (No. 247) for the relief of Mary E.
Castor.
AMENDMENT OP THE RULES AGAIN.
The Committee of the Whole again resumed its
session.
The question was upon the amendment offered
by Mr. Oux to the 24th rule of the House.
Mr. OLIN. The object of that amendment is
this: a great labor is imposed upon the commit-
tees of this House, who are obliged to investigate
claims that are constantly thrust before them; and
in being obliged to reinvestigate over and again the
same claim, when there is no pretend of furnish-
ing any additional proof whatever. Nay, so fat-
has this practice gone under that rule that during
the same session of Congress, after a claim has
been presentedand referred to one committee, acted
upon by that committee, and reported upon ad-
versely, the same claimant will slip around through
your Departments here, get the papers again, and,
under that rule, refer them to a different committee,
who will also examine them, and report adversely
upon the claim. And if you will examine your
printed volume of the indexing of these claims,
you will see that a great variety of these claims
have been reported upon over and over again ad-
versely by various committees.
Now the rule, standing as it does noiv, but with
the addition I propose, will leave every claim
originally presented to the House to be referred
to the committees under the rule. But when a
claim has been once referred, and has been re-
ported upon adversely, my amendment proposes
to require that the claimant shall bring it before
the House with the reasons indorsed upon it why
a reconsideration of the claim is demanded. I
think the adoption of this amendment would save
our committees a vast amount of labor; I know
that some gentlemen have said to me, that when
these claims are repeatedly referred, all they do is
to ascertain whether they have been once before
examined and reported upon adversely, and then
they lay them aside. But I hardly think that
such a course is consistent with the proper dis-
charge of the duties devolved upon the commit-
tees. "When a claim is referred for examination
a second time, that second examination is just as
laborious and difficult as the first examination
was, although the committee arrive at the same
conclusion. I hope, therefore, this amendment
will be adopted.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not think there is any
necessity for that amendment of the rules, for
the reason that memorials and petitions are very
frequently referred to committees, who report
upon them adversely, and that, too, when they
ought not to be so reported. No injury can result
either to the business of the House, or to the par-
ties interested in those papers, by not adopting
the amendment which the gentleman proposes.
The more investigation, it strikes me, we may
have in reference to any matter, the more likely
we shall be to arrive at just and correct conclu-
sions. I know it is repeatedly the case, that the
action of a former committee has been reversed
by the action of the House, and that, too, in a
number of instances, where xt was riglw. to do so.
It seems to me, that the adoption of the amend-
men of the gentleman from New York will tend
to embarrass the business of the House, instead
of doing any good in arty way.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. With all due re-
spect to my colleague, it seems to me that this
amendment would be a very unwise one to adopt.
If the gentleman would consent to accept an alter-
ations!" the phraseology of the amendment, to the
effect that a memorial or petition should not be
presented a second time during the same Congress,
I could vote for it. But, sir, if we take the posi-
tion that the decision of a general or special com-
mittee of this House, adverse to the memorial,
shall be conclusive for all future time, we arc as-
suming the position of a court of law, and the
House may at all times interpose the plea of res
adjudieata to any case which may be presented a
second time.
Mr. OLIN. The gentleman evidently does not
understand the force of the amendment 1 have pro-
posed. It does not preclude the petitioner from
having his claim reexamined. It only compels
him to show upon the face of the papeis that his
claim has been once examined and reported upon
adversely, and to state briefly why he insists upon
a reexamination. It does not interfere with the
rights of the petitioner; it only apprises the House
that the claim has been once adjudicated, and why
the petitioner insists upon a readjudication. It
does not deprive the petitioner of any substantial
right whatever. While I am upon the floor, per-
mit me to suggest a modification of my amend-
ment, so that it may not be susceptible of a mis-
interpretation. It is to insert, after the words
" that the claim has been reported upon adverse-
ly," the words " and the report adopted by the
House."
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. As my colleague
explains his amendment, I see, in fact, no great
objection to it, except that it is a work of superer-
ogation. It may, perhaps, tend to facilitate the
business of the committee to which petitions are
referred. Whether "a memorial or petition has
been befoie the House or committee previously,
whether action has been had upon it, is always
shown upon the Journals of the House. At no
time has there been any difficulty in ascertaining
the antecedents of a memorial or petition. I do
not know that it is very important, though it may
be of some advantage to the committee to whom
the memorial or petition is referred, to know, by
indorsement, what has been the previous history
of the memorial or petition, and for what reason
it is again referred to the committee. If, there-
fore, that be the extent of the amendment, and no
more, I do not sec that it is very objectionable,
nor do I see any good reason for its adoption.
Mr. GROW. 1 do not see any advantage to
result from this amendment, except that it may
relieve the committee from a little labor.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WHITELEY. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the twenty-sixth amendment proposed by
the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is not
in order now to amend any amendment reported
by the committee.
Mr. WHITELEY1. Then I will offer it as an
independent amendment. I had my amendment
drawn up as an amendment to the amendment;
but I will have its phraseology altered. It will be
necessary to state the connection in which it comes
in before I offer it. The committee proposed to
abolish the Committee on Engraving, and to de-
volve its duties upon the Committee on Printing.
My amendment proposes that all engraving, lith-
ographing, printing, drawing, and coloring, shall
be given out by the Committee on Printing, upon
proposals published in two of the newspapers in
Washington; and then, that the committee shall
contract for such work with the lowest bidder.
Mr. REAGAN. I suggest to the gentleman that
the amendment which he proposes is but a rule,
and not a law.
Mr. WHITELEY. I assume that the House
of Representatives can regulate the giving out of
their own work by contract as well as by agree-
ment. Why can they not?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would remind
the gentleman that no debate is in order until the
amendment has been presented.
Mr. WHITELEY. My amendment reads as
follows:
All contracts shall be made by tlic Committee on Print-
ing vvitil the lowest bidder, for the engraving, lithographing,
printing, drawing, and coloring, upon proposals issued by
the committee, inviting bids therefor, published in two of
the newspapers printed ill the eity of Washington.
Mr. Chairman, there have been various rumors
in reference to the bestowment of these contracts
or agreements by "the committees of this House
for years.
Mr, GROW. I rise to a point of order. There
is a law controlling the joint Committee on Print-
ing. They are bound by that law, and the rules
of the House cannot change it. This amend-,
ment is not germane to the rules or to any amend-
ment which the committee on rules has reported.
Mr. WHITELEY. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvaniaif there is any law of the
United States, orprovisionoflaw, which prohibits
this House from giving its own work by contract,
or letting the Committee on Printing and the Com-
mittee on Engraving do it by private agreements
between themselves and other persons ?
Mr. GROW. My point of Older is, that a rule
of the House cannot supersede a law of Congress,
and that the committee will be bound to observe
the law and not the rule, if you pass it.
The CHAIRMAN. It would be very difficult
for the Chair to say whether the amendment is in
conflict with the law, unless he had the law before
him. Besides that, it may be a question whether
it is in conflict with the law or not; and it is for
the committee to determine that question, not for
the Chair to decide it as a question of order.
Mr. WHITELEY. In reference to the bind-
ing, a clause in an appropriation bill says that
the Committee on Printing shall do so and so;
but I defy the gentleman from Pennsylvania to
point to any law which in any manner prohibits
the House of Representatives from saying that
its lithography and engraving shall be done by
contract, after asking for bids, rather than in the
way itis now done—by an agreement between the
committee and the parties proposing to do the
work.
But, sir, what I was about to say when I was
interiupted by the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania
was, that this work is now done under an agice-
ment made between the committee and the per-
sons applying for it, with no knowledge further
than what the committee may have in reference
to the agreement which they make. Now, with-
out entering into the reflections which have been
cast on the Committee on Engraving and Print-
ing, both in this and in past Congresses, I say that
this amendment will relieve them from the lia-
bility to such charges, and we shall have the work
done properly. There can certainly be no harm
in providing that when the House has any work
to be done it shall be done by contract; that it
shall be thrown open to public competition, and
that every person shall have an opportunity of
bidding for it. The committee will then be re-
lieved from these charges and the work will cer-
tainly be done more economically.
The work is now done by an arrangement be-
tween the committee and any persons who come
before them. The plan I propose is certainly
more fair, more just, and more economical. T
therefore hope that my amendment may be
adopted.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. While I have
no desire to throw obstruction in the way of the
gentleman from Delaware in obtaining such legis-
lation, or such order or resolution of the House
as he supposes may be expedient in reference to
this matter of binding, engraving, &c., I wish to
suggest to him and to the committee, that the
rules of the House are hardly the proper place for
the accomplishment of any such purpose; and I
think the rule cannot be so amended as to make
the provision which he desires. In case-the meas-
ure should operate unfavorably, it would be too
inconvenient and difficult to change it if we place
it in this position. If there is a necessity for
some legislation in regard to this matter, there is
another way, and the. gentleman knows it very
well, in which he can accomplish what ho desires.
