194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
convulsions have visited and are visiting the Re-
public. At one time it is " The Impending Crisis
of the South: How to Meet it." At another time
it is an armed and warlike invasion, perceptible
to the general sense, visiting and invading the soil
of a neighboring State. And, now, the whole
South, inflamed by these direful events, and ex-
asperated to-madness, simultaneously arise and
demand that there be a stay of action, and that
they who aspire to patriotism bend themselves to
the task of resisting the storm.
Sir, as an humble Representative of a constit-
uency that has always stood by the Union and
the guarantees of the Constitution, I come for-
ward this day and declare that, with those con-
stituents by my side, where danger is, there I will
be; and that, whenever the flag of rebellion or ser-
vile insurrection is elevated, wc conservative men
of the North will be there to resist and suppress
it. We will be there as dwellers in no one local-
ity, as inhabitants of no one State; but as the
proud citizens of the greatest Republic the world
lias ever seen. We will advance throughout its
territory in every direction for the suppression
of rebellion, and to proclaim safety and establish
equity for the people.
Sir, we are 011 the eve of important events. I
am no alarmist. I have no belief in the disiup-
tion of this Union. The blood that has been shed,
and the efforts that have been made for if, are all
too valuable thus to be dissipated and dispelled
in a frozm air. The Union will continue, pro-
gress, and culminate to its destined glory. But
yet, none the less are wo 011 the rve of important
events. They are rife about us. They load the
atmosphere. They arc declared in eveiy news-
paper parograph. They are exhibited in every
countenance, and heard in every speech, it is
idle for gentlemen here on this occasion to cry
ii peace,5' while peace is a delusion, or to evade
the true question which the country lias presented
to us, and which that country wills that we de-
termine.
1 sympathize, sir, deeply sympathize with our
friends at the South, who now are in fearful
trepidation of the incendiaiy's torch, and of the
assassin's knife, and who tremble as upon the vol-
cano of servile insurrection. I sympathize with
those emotions of kindred alFeclion which piess
the father to the bosom of his wife, clasp the
mother with the daughter, and brother and sister
together; and 1 censure and reprobate that which
has occurred and is occurring all over the North,
endangering the peace of the Union, and teaching
, rebellion to its Constitution. But, sir, while I
sympathize with these emotions, there are others
of a more pleasant nature which engage my whole
heart, and which, as I scrutinize the horizon of
the North, aspire for utterance at this fearful hour.
1 see there mynads upon myriads of sober, earn-
est, and fearless men gathering in their strength
to assert the dignity of the Constitution, and to
maintain the integrity of the Union. H is of no
avail for gentlemen upon this floor to deny then-
force, or to endeavor to invalidate their effect.
What, I am asked here, is the use, what the pur-
pose, and above all what the efficacy of Union
meetings? Sir, permit me to demand 111 return,
what is the use of aggregated and associated ac-
tion? Where is the use of thought, and what the
propnety of its enunciation, if there be no pro-
priety, 110 use in these Union meetings ? Do gen-
tlemen discover virtue only in our ballots ? Do
they ask only for that legal determination and
decision of questions which the ballot-box fur-
nishes? Why, sir, these meetings but prepare
the people for that, very act of decision; they are
but the preliminaries of the final decree. Who-
ever, therefore, may conspicuously embark m and
characterize with their names the Union meetings
of the North, eloquent as may be the speaker,
and patriotic the sentiments addressed to them,
nothing is of moment save that the masses who
compose them arc the true children of the Repub-
lic, and that thousands upon thousands of those
who hitherto have sustained the Constitution and
supported the Union, are yet awake to their im-
portance, nor will permit detriment to either while
life continues and honor survives.
Mr. Clerk, there have been many grave and
important questions discussed recently upon this
floor, some of which have been pertinent and
some foreign to the occasion. Many of them
have been loaded with grav* complaints, in vari-
ous quarters, of the political direction of the times
observed in sections, localities, and States, and
arguments have been adduced upon this floor, and
interrogatories heard and answered in the fierce
conflicts of local grievances, and the congressional
settlement of the disputes of a Tfarm political
canvass. These, however diversified, and always
interesting, at least to their immediate parties,
have produced on my mind but the one convic-
tion—that the Union is in no danger. Sir, such
feelings are but the effervescence of local excite-
ment, the irritation of personal grief. Let them
alone, sir. The more deeply engrossed by them
are the sections, the better established and the
moie strong will be the Union.
It is but the annealing; process, which makes
the more ductile the interests and tractable the
j; opinions of ports to the general welfare of the
1! whole. Bet among these escapades there was
one of more significance than others, and to me,
I confess, matter of painful importance. I refer
to the assured action and the peremptory oxcla-
| mation of the distinguished gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Corwin.] When I entered these doors, i
supposed that on the one side and the other of the
House were arrayed the two large parties into
which the politics of the country aic divided, and
over one of which, I was under the impression,
was installed as its recognized and admired leader
an honorable Senator from my own State—one
upon whose shoulders had been imposed the
whole burden of the political contest which recent-
ly transpired within our Stack borders. Must I
confess it, sir? i was not prepared, at the moment,
at least, for the sad catastrophe which awaited
him at the hands of the honorable gentleman I
have referred to.
He announced to us that he was the embodi-
ment of the great Republican party, and as the
announcement was made, methought 1 saw the
unhappy fall of the great Senator who formerly
had controlled Republican destinies, and who,
even then,impressed his opinions upon the party
1 creed—
| " Fiom morn to noon he fell, from noon to dewy eve,
[ A summer's day'5—
while far above the majestic ruin, stretching its
scaly folds full many a rood along, [laughter,]
theie vuofv the magnificent and colossal propor-
tions of the gentleman from Ohio. [Renewed
laughter.] There he stood; to the one of his co-
lossal legs clum?, as I thought, the constitutional
friends of the fugitive slave law; about the other
were to be seen gathering the friends of a high
protective tariff, while underneath peeped about,
m dire dismay, the great forsaken multitude, who
saw neithei in fugitive sia\re.law, nor yet in high
protective tariff, the representation of their prin-
ciples. Consternation sat ni silence, brooding
ove) the melancholy throng, that old party; thai
new h ader; that rum. Indeed, sir, it was, to my
devotional mind, but another illustration of the
scriptural truth, that pouiing new wine into old
bottles is destructive to the whole concern. [Laugh-
ter.] I would now inquire, under permission, sir,
whether, installed, instituted, and established in
his high office, this gentle marshal, with baton in
hand, is recognized by that great and formidable
party as its leader ? I have heard suspicions that
it is notso; that some have even doubted his infal-
libility. lluue seen occasional signs of open mu-
tiny; and I am quite sure that, if the discipline
winch we perceive to have prevailed so long 011
that side of the TTouse is still to be asserted, the
mutineers will be brought in open House to a
drum-head court-martial, and strung up at the tap
of the drum.
My friends of the other sid°, no doubt, recog-
nize the authority of many of the public prints
that are issued daily in the State of New York,
and especially of those which emanate from Uie
city of New YorK Upon an editorial tripod
'seated there is a Republican Pythoness, inflated
with Republican inspiration, and redolent of its
principles. Do gentlemen doubt the Sybil of the
Evening Post? the oracular integrity of her prin-
ciples, or the truth of her oracles? Sir, 1 know
her divine authority among them, and I would
ask the House to listen, for a moment, to the
oracular chant that has proceeded from the shrine,
and to answer whether this new leader of a party
is, in fact, lecognized us such by those whom he
aspires to command ?
tSays this print, when animadverting upon one
i of the honorable gentleman's public efforts in
: New York:
" Even Corwin, who is perhaps the most crotchety [that
is its opinion] as well the most popular [thai is nvr.o
also] of old Whig Republicans, failed to suggest hi*- tanfF
specific, though he consumed an inordinate time in ginmg
his auditors a needless lecture on the duty of obeying the laa>
of the land, awl recognizing their constitutional obligations.
All the unrivaled lesources of this most eloquent and en-
teitainmg orator were needed to garnish the dose ho so
gravely administered; and the fact that for two hoins lie
managed to rostiain the ' incpre«siblo conflict'he excited
m the swarming multitude of his hearei s. must be regarded
as the highest prool of his oratorical genius. The people
have got beyond the common-place political A13 C's which
he inculcated with the emphasis of a discoverer.''
The criticism continues:
1 "If the meeting had been composed of savages, entirely
unacquainted with civil government, or of John Crown*,
eager for an invasion of Harper's Fen y, Mr. Corwin could
not have urged, 111 more expostulating tonus, the duty of
bubmisf-ion to constituted authority. Now,the orator does
not mean any harm, but he ought to know that such exhort-
ations are as out of -place in a Republican meeting as uould
be a plea for a protective tariff. They ate as insulting to the
law-abiding, conservative masses of the North, as a remon-
strance against buiglary or street fights would be when ad-
dressed to a congregation of Quakers. Truly the school-
master is abroad."
But the vials of prophetic wrath were not yet
discharged. The hapless orator was destined to
get harsher measure; and, however we may doubt
of the contortions which inspired the judgment,
these, probably, can be none of the contortions
which it produced. The Pythoness proceeds:
"Wo have observed al^o in Mr. Corwin's recent
speeches giaver tautt* than those of bad taste, to which we
need but allude, namely, the lugging inofdodrincs not recog-
nized by the Republican creed, and exceedingly odious to a
large portion oj the putty While the Republicans are dis-
posed to make ail allowance* for the eccentricities of men,
who, like the ISombons, nevei learn or forget anything,
they lather object to an orator'h u-singthe Republican plat-
foim for the purpose of chanting the praises 01 .Millard Fill-
moie, or of inoculating the Republican organization with
the exploded heiesies of a deceased paity."
Leader, where now is thy baton? Thy follow-
ers, where? The sad spectacle of an army with-
out a chief, or a chief without soldiers, is equally
to be deprecated and deplored; and when a largely
triumphant party, advancing under banners to
martial music, proclaims its approaching triumph,
would it not bo well, sir, before entering upon the
contest, that the party should be assured of a
leader, and the rampant leader be fortified by a
party? 1 am no political tactician, sir; but to an
unsophisticated mind, it must seem that otherwise
there will be great danger of their common dis-
comfiture, and of the complete success of their
adversaries.
Sir, I may be permitted uow, for a very few
moments, to advert to that which I conceive to be
the grave and important question of this discus-
sion. It is not what has occurred in the past, nor
yet is it reft Tabic to dangers in the future. It is a
question which exists in the present; and to that
question i would now recall the attention of gen-
tlemen here to-day; and I ask them, in all fairness
and sincerity, to give attention to my statements;
if wrong, impeach them; if right, admit them; and,
above all, permit them to have their due force and
effect. I ask, Mr. Clerk, for the reading of the
resolution of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Clark.]
While the Clerk was looking for the resolution,
Mr. GROW said: We will take it in any shape
you choose to put it.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Oh, no, my friend;
I do not want it in any shape. I choose to have
it m its true and real shape.
Mr. STANTON. I ask the gentleman from
New York if he will also have the Utica resolu-
tions read. [Laughter.]
Air. JOHN COCHRANE. If my friend de-
sires information of those resolutions I shall be
pleased to assist him. If he desires to aid me, I
answer that f am sufficiently informed. He refers
to the meeting at Utica—I commend him to the
meeting at Phihppi. [Laughter.]
The resolution offered by Mr. Clark, of Mis-
souri, 011 the first day of the session, was read as
follows:
Whereas certain members of this House, now 111 nom-
ination for Speaker, did indorse and recommend the book
iieremalter mentioned,
Resolved, That the doetnnes and sentiments of a cer-
tain book, called "The Impending Crisis, of the South:
How to Meet it," puipoiimg to have been written by one
Hinton II. Helper, are inMiriectionary and hostile to the
domestic peace and tranquillity ot the country, and that 110
member of tins Iloiue who lias indorsed and recommendod
