sm
THE CON"GrEESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
language not to be misunderstood. A son of
Henry Clay declared:
" I am opposed to ail these laws on our statute-book in
relation to the slave trade."
Mr.-Dowdell, of Alabama, said:
" I will take tliis occasion to say, without discussing the
expediency of reopening the slave trade, a mutter uhich
properly belongs to the sovereign States whoseindttstiial pol-
icy is to be ajf'cctcd by itf that the laws are highly offensive
in defining that to be piracy upon the high seas which is not
robbery? and in attachingthe death penalty to an act which,
in itself, is not necessarily immoral."
Mr. Crawpokd, of Georgia, said:
" In 1819, the whole South was unanimously against the
slave trade. Now? it is becoming divided, and. unless the
war upon sdaveiy is stopped, fifteen years will witness the
trade open for the South, and our then Mexican possessions
reaching to Guatemala certainly, and probably fuither
South.
"This question of opening the slave trade is one of the
highest importance, and one which thteatens to make and
unmake parties in the country. It is a question which
grows stronger and stronger everyday, and I believe the ic-
teult of it will be the building up and tearing down of party
platforms."
Mr. Seward, of Georgia, said:
" I ioo/t upon the law for the suppression of the slave
trade as mischievous and wrong, and a violation of the
Constitution." ********
" I want to have that law repealed. I want to leave this
matter to be settled by the States as a domestic question."
Mr. Miles, of South Carolina, said:
" I am not prepaicd to advocate the rcopeningof the slave
trade, but [ am prepared to advocate, with all my mind and
strength, the sweeping away from our statute-book of laws
wluch stamp the people of my section as pirates, and puta
stigma upon their institutions.51
Mr. Keitt, Mr. Barksdalk, and other Repre-
sentatives, heartily indorsed and applauded these
utterances of the Representatives of ultra southern
sentiments and feelings. Sentiments have been
uttered in this Chamber by honorable Senators,
tending not only to weaken existing laws, but to
weaken the confidence of the friends of those laws
in their enforcement, and to encourage lawless
men, greedy for gold, to set those laws at defi-
ance and engage in the polluted and loathsome
commerce in human flesh.
But nothing has tended so much to excite the
flesh-jobbers of our northern cities as the utter
failure of juries to convict the pirates of the sla-
vers, the Echo and the Wanderer, and the recent
extiaordinary and alarming decision of Judge
Mugrath, m which the law of 1820 is made a
nullity. This decision of the district judge in
South Carolina is in the face of (he elaborate de-
cision of Judge Story in ]tf35, and of the instruc-
tions of Mr. Justice Wayne to the grand jury of
Georgia last autumn. In tins charge to the grand
jury, Judge Wayne declares, of the act of 1&20:
" it denounces any citi/en of the Uluted States as a pi-
jate, ami that he >hall suffer death, who shall become one
of the crew or ship's company of any foreign ship; and that
any person whatever becomes a pnate, and shall sutlfer death,
who shall become one of the cievv or ship's company ot any
vessel, owned in the whole or m part, or whu*h shall be nav-
igated for or in behalf of any citizen of thi United Slates,
or who shall land fiom such vessel on any foreign shore,
and sluil sei/.e any negro or mulatto not held to semce or
labor by the law* of either ot tin* Stales oi Tomtoms of
the United States, with intent to make sue!) nejrio or mu-
latto a i-lave, or who shall decoy or forcibly bung oi cany,
oi who >h«ili receive on fooaid of sneh ship, any negio oi
mulatto with intent to make them since*. The huh section
of the act deehnes that, if either ot the -amc classes oi poi-
sons m the same ela>ses of vessel-* shall loieibly contine oi
detain, or abet oi aid to do so, any negro or mtilailo on either
of such ships, not held to serviee oi laboi bj* the laws ot any
of the States ot Territoues of th^ United States, with in-
tent to make such poisons slaves, oi who shall on the high
seas, or anvwhoie on tide watei, minster ovei to any other
ship-> or vessels such persons, intending to make them slaves,
or shall land or deliver such persons with the same intent,
or having already sold them, that sueh pci.-ons ..-diall be ad-
judged paates, and on conviction shall suller death.M
Yet, in face of the decision of Story, and of
this opinion of Judge Wayne, this Judge JYla-
grath 1ms effectually, as far as he can do so, nul-
lified the law of 1820; and, under his ru^ngs,
Captain Corne, the pirate of the Wanderer, goes
unwhipped of justice. Cannot the Senator from
Virginia, in view of all these declarations and acts,
understand how it is that men in northern cities
are emboldened to engage with renewed zeal in
the slave traffic, which lures them on by the hopes
of immense gains?
_ In view of all these expressions of opinion; in
view of the fact that the commander of the Echo
has been tried and acquitted; that the men on
board of the Echo have been tried and acquitted;
in view of the fact that Captain Corrie has been
tried and acquitted; that Captain Farnam, who
was also engaged on board of the Wanderer, has
been tried; and it is reported that eleven jurors
were for his acquittal and one alone for his con-
viction; in view of the decision made by Judge
Magrath—in view of all these facts, I think it is
in an especial manner our duty to press forward
with earnestness and with vigor for the suppres-
sion of this traffic and for the correction of a viti-
ated public opinion which has grown up within
a few years in the slave-consuming States of the
South—a public opinion which needs to be rea-
soned with and repressed, if necessary, by the
general judgment of the nation and the sentiment
of Christendom. We should meet the responsi-
bilities of our position, and perform unflinchingly
the pressing duties devolving upon the American
people and Government—duties growing out of
this slave-trade question, now assuming such
magnitude and importance. If additional force
is required on the African coast, or on the coast of
Cuba, we should provide that force; if additional
legislation is demanded, we should promptly en-
act it; if more vigor is required in the execution
of existing laws, we should infuse that vigor into
the executive and judicial departments of the Gov-
ernment; and if a wrong public sentiment has
sprung up, setting at defiance law, morality, and
humanity, we should meet that sentiment and
reason it down or repress it by the awakened
public sentiment of the American people.
Now, sir, I trust that the Senate will adopt the
proposed amendment—appropriate $300,000 of
this money for the purchase or construction of
small steamers, which will be of more service in
suppressing the slave trade on the African coast
than all the force now sent there. The three
slavers recently captured in the Cuban waters
were captured, I understand, by the vessels pur-
chased by the Secretary of the Navy for the ex-
pedition to Paraguay, I know I am sustained by
the naval commanders who have served on the
coast of Africa, by letters of gentlemen acquainted
with the subject, and who take a deep interest in
the efforts making to suppress the slave traffic,
that two or three small steamers, drawing little
water, fitted to run up the bays, creeks, and rivers
of the African shores, can be far more efficient
than the force of slow sailing vessels we now keep
there, in compliance with the stipulations of the
Webster-Ashburton treaty. If the Senator from
Florida will consent to this amendment, diverting
$300,000 of the amount proposed for the repairs
of vessels, I will move to add §300,000 to the sum
he deems necessary to keep in repair during the
coming year the ships* now in commission.
Mr. MALLOItY. Mr. President, I regret that
a general discussion on the slave trade should
grow up on this appropriation bill, because I
know there are several gentlemen of this body
who have given to the subject mature attention,
who cannot now present their views fully; and 1
have no doubt myself that, when it shall come up
legitimately for discussion, we shall show that
Great Britain herself, under an appearance of
philanthropy, is the great nourisher of the slave
trade; and that we shall show it, not by extracts
from obscure newspapers, but from her own par-
liamentary repoits; out of the mouths of her own
commanding officers, civil and military, on the
coast where the slaves are taken fiom—by the
official reports of the British Government. The
system they have adopted since the Ashburton
treaty, to put down the slave trade on the coast
of Africa, has been denounced nowhere, nor so
thoroughly exposed, as by the very men engaged
in it. It has been pronounced by British com-
manders as a system to encourage the slave trade;
and we know the fact that the British Govern-
ment, who have depots of coal on the coast of
Africa—nay, they have depots wherever they can
rear a gun or plant a standard throughout the
habitable globe—arc there with small steamers on
fifteen hundred miles of coast. They give then-
naval officers low pay—but aiiounty of twenty-five
dollars per head for every negio captured. Thus
i they hold out an inducement to their naval officers
to see the negroes on board the slave ships before
capturing them. Then they have established
Bathurst, Loando, St. Helena, Port Royal, and
Demerara, in both continents, for the reception of
these very slaves, where they make them appren-
tices. By the British treaty of 1842, with Aus-
tria,Prussia,Russia, and France,the five Powers,
it was agreed that these very slaves caught on
board vessels should be carried—where ? Caught
upon the very coast of Africa, within sight of her
shores; but uo they return them to Africa? By
no means. They carry them to these ports; and
the French carry theirs to Martinique or Cayenne
on this side, or to Goree on the coast of Ajfrica.
The whole system is a fraud under the guise of
philanthropy; and, as the Senator from Vermont
says', it is time it should be investigated. I am
surprised that any gentleman should rise in this
bod-y and make a statement, as destitute of cor-
rectness in fact as it is of patriotism, that we are
not faithful to our obligations under the Ashbur-
ton treaty. We have kept eighty guns on the
African coast ever since we made that treaty; we
have rine vessels on the coast of Africa now; and
we have thirteen vessels in the Gulf devoted to
this business; and four of these vessels in the Gulf
are small steamers especially enveloping the coast
of Cuba, while Britain has scarcely one there.
I will not extend this subject; 1 am not pre-
pared now to go into it; but I pledge myself to
satisfy the Senate, at any time, that the sooner
we escape from this system into which we have
entered the better it will be for us; and that, of all
systems in the world, it is the very worst to put
down the slave trade as it exists. We give our
officers twenty-five dollars a head for every slave
caught, and what is the result? We have landed
about fifteen hundred in Florida. The prize
money upon these fifteen hundred slaves is $37,500
paid directly out of your Treasury. Do you re-
turn these negroes to Africa? You have buried
one hundred and fifty of them already, and they
arc dying five and six a day now. If yon get
one half of them back, you will be doing very
well; but your officers get the money, and th<> ex-
penses which you will still have to pay for secu-
rity for these negroes will be a bill that you have
no idea of. A very large guard has been em-
ployed, because the marshal has been advised
from the island of Cuba, by the American con-
sul, that a plan was there on foot to come over
and carry these slaves away violently.
The ramifications of this subject are multitu-
dinous; and when the proper time comes, I think
the Senate will be satisfied that the sooner we can
escape from it the better. The honorable Senator
from Massachusetts talks about the slave trade as
if the southern States were anxious to open it.
Sir, while I say that our law declaring the slave
trade piracy, and our stringent laws against it,
have been the greatest curse to the African raeo
to be found in any laws concerning them on this
continent, still I am not in favor of opening the
trade. If you were to confine the laws to the
trade between the United States and Africa, it
would be nothing; but what right have we to in-
terfere with trade between Cuba and the coast of
Africa? Your laws create the necessity of crowd-
ing these poor creatures, like herrings in a box,
into the ships, and the owners ineui enormous
risks to reap the profits. If you want to stop the
slave trade, go to the coast of Cuba and put down
the slave trade with the island. The British Gov-
ernment holds the Government of Spain in the
hollow of its hand; it has but to issue its edict
firmly to have the slave trade stopped in Cuba in
a day. Week after week you see the British con-
sul in Havana carrying up a protest to the Cap-
tain General thata'slaver has been landed at a
certain point. The response is stereotyped, " it
will be inquired into." It is inquired into; and,
like all railroad accidents, <£ nobody is to blame."
The slaves are imported. The Captain General
notoriously receives seventeen dollars a head: and
Great Britain, who must have apprentices for the
colonies, winks at the operation, and keeps it up
for her own benefit under the guise of philan-
thropy. She gave way to the emancipation spirit
in England, and suppressed slavery thioughout
her colonies; but she cannot do away with the
necessity of labor, and that labor she can only
obtain from the coast of Africa under the shape
of apprentices.
Now, sir, of all the southern Representatives
on this floor, I do not think you will find a single
member in favor of reopening this trade. I have
yet to find any prominent man of the country
who is in favor of opening it. But, sir, I am op-
posed to the measure of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts upon another ground. He speaks of
buying these vessels for §100,000 apiece; and I
suppose that is to include their battery and the
condition of the vessel when ready for service.
