1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1215
Mr. FLORENCE. I think the practice of the
Committee on Engraving and the Committee on
Printing now is, to invite bids for contracts. The
Committee on Engraving invite proposals for con-
tracts for the lithography and engraving ordered
by the House. I do not think that they advertise
for proposals, but I think I have seen in the papers
an advertisement fiorn the Superintendent of the
Public Printing for proposals for the lithography
and wood cuts to be executed under the order of
the House.
Mr. WHITELEY. If the gentleman will read
the twenty-sixth amendment proposed by the
committee on the revision of the rules, he will
find that the committee are authorized to make an
agreement for the lithographing, engraving, col-
oring, &.c., with any persons, and there is no law
upon the statute-book compelling them to receive
any bids or make any contracts. My amendment
proposes that, before they make any agreement,
they shall advertise for bids, and give the work
to the lowest bidder. Now, I would ask for the
law.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am not prepared to refer
to the law. I am speaking of the practice and
usage, and I will tell the gentleman how it grew
up. Gentlemen who were here three or four years
ago will recollect that at that time there was some
suspicion attached to the acts of the Committee on
Engraving of the House, if I recollect distinctly;
and it was said that fairness had not been exercised
in the disposition of the contracts. The commit-
tee themselves ndoptcdarcsolution,and authorized
the Superintendent of the Public Printing to ad-
vertise for bids for the lithography and wood cuts
to be executed for documents printed by order of
the House. That practice has continued from that
day to this; and while there may be no objection
to the authority being given, as proposed by the
gentleman from Delaware, 1 do not think that it
is necessary, for the work is now executed under
that system.
But if the gentleman asks me what I think of
the contract system, L will tell him. I-think it a
very bad system indeed. Take the binding exe-
cuted for this House as an illustration. It is
given to the lowest bidder. The price fixed by
law, or by resolution of the House—for 1 do not
know much about the law, but I am familiar with
the practice and usage—the price fixed for a cer-
tain description of binding is twelve and a half
cents a volume. Proposals are invited and re-
ceived for executing the binding, and the work
is done for ten cents a volume. Well,it is "cheap
and nasty," on the Canal street plan. [Laugh-
ter.] It is not executed as it ought to be. If gen-
tlemen examine the documents which are-bound
at the low price of ten cents a volume, they will
find that they are stuck together with glue, or some
such substance, and not stitched together, as they
ought to be. The conscqucncc is, that if, by any
accident, a mail-bag containing such documents
is thrown into the water, the documents drop to
pieces; whereas, if they were propeily bound,
and for a fair compensation, they would not fall
to pieces if water got into them. I have seen that
tested, and it is the experience of every one who
has investigated the matter.
That is ihe result of the contract system. Go
into the market and make a fair contract, taking
the fundamental principle upon winch we ought
to rear the superstructure here that every man
who comes on this floor is an honest_ man, and
intends to perform his duty conscientiously and
honestly. Let the committee go out and make
an arrangement with practical binders—not spec-
ulators, not adventurers, not men who come sail-
ing round here at the organization of the House
to get jobs, but practical men, and my word for
it, you will get the work well done. [Cries of
"Louder!"] Yes, sir, I wish I could halloo loud
enough to impress upon gentlemen the fact, that
if we are to have honesty, integrity, and fair
dealing in the transaction of the business of the
Government, we must have a fair price for the
work to be done, as the basis upon which it is to be
done.
Mr. REAGAN. I merely want to make a sug-
gestion. I understand that the object of the adop-
tion of the rules of this House is to provide regu-
lations for the government of this body, and that
all matters of contract should be regulated by a
law ofCongress. I agree perfectly with the gen-
tleman from Delaware, as to the object of his
amendment, but without having examined the
subject with any degree of care, it is my impres-
sion that the mode of letting these contracts
should be a matter of provision by law.
Mr. WHITELEY. The 26th rule provides
for an agreement between the Committees on
Printing and Engraving.
Mr. GROW. I rjse to a question of order.
Both of these gentlemen have already addressed
the committee upon this amendment. I ask that
the question shall be takeft.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I now move
that the resolution at the close of the report be
voted on.
The resolution was read, as follows: *
Resolved, That John M. Barclay, assistant clerk of the
House ol Repiesentutives, be,and he is hereby, authorized
and otnpcnvcied to rearrange the rules of the House of Rep-
ie>entatJv<N ot tho United States, a< amended, wit!) a view
to make the connection and subject of said rules eoi respond
a* neaily as piacticalde; and that said rearrangement to be
made uudei tl;o'direction of the committee on the levision
of the jules, together with the Constitution of the United
States Jefferson's Manual, the rules of the Senate, the joint
rules ot the uvo Houses, and a revised edition of the Man-
ual lately prepared by taid Barclay, be furnished by hmilor
the use of the House.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I would suggest
that the committee which lias had this matter in
charge also perform the work of correcting the
numerous typographical errors which are ill the
rules as they are now printed. I understand the
work is stereotyped, and that they will not be
corrected unless some such arrangement is made.
Mr. HARDEMAN. I move that the following
resolution be adopted:
Resolved. That in addition to tlie standing committees
appointed bv tin* House, there Kliail be n comnutlec ap-
pointed wlio'ce arduous duties shall eons:'-!, m codifying,
simplifying, and explaining the present unintelligible lules
oftbit. iiouse. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. That resolution is not in
order.
The resolution reported by the committee was
agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, ofMaine. I move that the
committee rise and report the amendments to the
House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman [Mr. Stanton]
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly the report of the select committee on the
rules, and had instructed him to report the same
back to the House with sundry amendments, and
witli a recommendation that they be passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I call the pre-
vious question upon the adoption of the report.
Mr. REAGAN. I rise to a question of order.
I have no wish to interfere with this report, but
I undei stand that the question of reference of the
Military Academy bill, with the amendments of
the Senate, is the first question before the House
as the unfinished business of yesterday.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that the
report of the committee on rules, having been
made the special order, will take precedence.
Mr. REAGAN. I have no objaction to this
report being disposed of now, supposing that the
bill to which I have referred will come up next
in order.
Mr. BOCOCK. I would suggest, that without
reading all these amendments, gentlemen should
designate such as they wish a separate vote upon,
andlhat the vote be taken upon the others in the
aggregate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will pursue that
course, if no objection be made.
Mr. VALLANDIGMAM. I ask the gentle-
man from Maine to withdraw the demand for the
previous question for a moment. Gentlemen
around me are desirous that a vote shall be taken
by yeas and nays upon the motion to abolish this
hour rule. I ask the gentleman to allow that mo-
tion to be made, and a vote taken upon it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Gentlemen
arround me say they would like to have a vote
upon that proposition, and also upon the amend-
ment which I submitted in committee to fix the
hour of daily meeting at two o 'clock. I am will-
ing to allow both these amendments to be consid-
ered as pending, and withdraw the demand for
the previous question for that purpose
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move, then, to
strike out the first clause of the 34th rule.
Mr. WASHBURN, ofMaine. I submit the.
amendment which I have indicated, and I now
call the previous question.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. WASHBTJRNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
privileged question. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday-
next.
Mr. PEYTON demanded tellers.
Tellers w^rc-ordered; and Messrs. Harris, of
"Virginia, and Curtis were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 85, noes 42.
Mr. TAPPAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope that the motion to
adjourn over will be withdrawn, and that we will
not be subjected to the infliction *of hearing the
roll called upon it. I am in favor of the adjourn-
ment over, but I do not want to see half an hour
consumed with a roll-call.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I hope the demand forth'e
yeas and nays will be insisted on.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 92, nays 70; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adraln, Aldrich, William C. Ander-
son, Babbitt, Barkcdalc, Barr, Bocock, Bonham, Botcler,
Bianeh, Burch, Burnett, Campbell, John B. Clark, Clopton,
Cobb, John Coctnane, Conkling, Cooper, Burton Craige,
Ciawford, Cm it, Curiis, II. Winter Davis, JohnG. Davis,
De Jarnettc, Fen ton, Ferry, Florence, Fieneh, Gamott,
Gartiell, Gilinei, Hall, Hamilton, J. Morrison Harris, John
T. Harris, lUwkm, IIill, Jlmdman, Hohnan, Hughes, Jen-
kins-, Jones, William Kellogg, Kilgore, Kunkel, Lawlrum,
Lauabce, James M. Leach, Logan, Longnecker, Love,
Lovejoy, Maynard,McClornand, McQueen, MeRae, Miles,
Montgomery, Laban T. Moore, SydenhamMoojc, Morrill,
Moi&e, Nelson, N iblack, Noell, Phelps, Potter. Pryor, Pugh,
Reagan, Rice, Lhggs, James C. Robmson, Ruffin, Schwartz,
Scr.into'n, Sickle-, YVilhamN, II. Smith, Stovonson, Stout,
Taylor, Tram, Vallandighain, Vandever, Waldron, <'ad-
vvalader C. Washburn, 'Ellilm 15. Washbume, Webster,
Window, Woodson,and Wright—92.
NAYS—Messis. Chailes F. Adam?, Allen, Avery,Bin#-
ham, Clair, Blake, Brabson, Brayton, Bu&nton, Carey,
Col lax, Covode, Co.*, James Ciaig, Dawes, DueJl, Dunn,
Kdgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ethcrfdge, Foster, Frank,(Jooch,
Graham,Crow,Gmley, Hale, Hardeman, Hehnick, Hoard,
IIouMon, Humphrey, Hutehins, Junkin, Francis W. Kcl-
logg, Killinger, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Loomis, Mallory,
M.u^ton, Charles I). Martin, McKcan, McKnight, Mc-
Phei!>on, Millson, Moorhcad, Olin, Pendleton, Peyton,
Porter, Christopher Robms>on, Royee, Sedgwick, Sherman,
Spinuei, Stamon, James A. Stewart, William Stcwait,
Stoke*, Tappan, Tompkins, Underwood, Vom-o, Walton,
Israel washbuin, Wells, Whiteley, and Woodiuff—70.
So the House agreed that when it adjourned, it
would adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Pending the above call,
Mr. BUFFINTON stated that his colleague,
Mr. Alley, was paired with Mr. Vance.
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan, stated that Mr.
Ashley was still detained at his room by illness.
Mr. MALLORY stated that his colleague, Mr.
Bristow, was paired, but with what member he
could not recollect.
Mr. ALDRICH stated that Mr. Carter was
paired with Mr. Barr.
Mr. KILGORE stated that Mr. Case was
paired with Mr. Martin, of Virginia.
Mr. DELANO stated that he was paired with
Mr Fouke.
Mr. FLORENCE stated that he was paired
with Mr. Hickman on all political questions, but
that he had reserved to himself the right of voting
on the adjournment over, and would vote in the
affirmative.
Mr. UNDERWOOD stated that his colleague,
Mr. Jackson, was paired with Mr. Burnham.
Mr. LARRABEjE stated that he was paired
with Mr. Burlingame for a week from Tuesday
on political questions merely; that he did notcon-
sider this a political question, and would there-
fore vote in the affirmative.
Mr. PALMER stated that he was paired with
Mr. Rust until Monday.
Mr. MAYNARD stated thatMr.Q-uarles was
paired with Mr. Pettit.
Mr. HUTCHINS stated that Mr. Wade was
paired with Mr. Lcake.
Mr. STOUT stated that he was paired with
Mr.stratton.
Mr. WILSON stated that he was paired with
Mr. Keitt.
On motion of Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, the
reading of the names of those who had voted was
dispensed with
