1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
195
it, or the compend fioni it, is fit to be Speaker ol tins
House.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Now, Mr. Clerk,
tlie resolution which lias been read is not, in my
judgment, sufficiently comprehensive m its terms;
it is not sufficiently declaratory of the effect of the
work to which it alludes, not only upon the indi-
vidual, but on the party of which he is a member.
I start with the proposition that the doctrines of
that book are the doctrines, in fact, of the Repub-
lican party, and that if it is unfit to charge with
the duties of the Speaker's chair any gentleman
who has subscribed to those doctrines, it is equally
unfit and improper that the destinies of the coun-
try should be intrusted to a party which pro-
fesses the same principles. IN or is this a new
proposition. Not many weeks since, the whole
country was startled with an insurrectionary move-
ment upon the soil of Virginia. In tile dead ol
the night the peace of a quiet Virginia hamlet was
disturbed. It was fearfully invaded; its citizens
were affrighted, and martial law was proclaimed.
Though for the most part those who were di-
rectly instrumental in that act have paid the for-
feit of then- crime, though many of them have
expiated their guilt upon the gallows, yet at the
time the event occurred, and everywhere since,
and to-day at tile North, South, East, and West,
is the inquiry still urged, what cause was there
which could possibly have inilucnced these men
to their ruffian's work—to the perpetration of
■such inconceivable horrors? Atfirstitwascliarged
upon the great leader of the Republican party,
William H. Seward; that it was the true, proper,
and logical effect of his speech pronounced at
Rochester, October 25, 1858. That the true ef-
fect of that speech may appear, I will read ail
extract from it:
" Fiee labor anil sl.ivu lalioi—Uli^e atn,iyi>n-Menu
are continually comma: mlo elor-e contact, and collision
lftsulrs. Shall"! tell you what tin- collision meaiw? They
who tlunk it is accidental, unneccsi-eaiy, the woik of inter-
ested or fanatical agitato!*, «uid iheicibie ephemeral, mis-
take the ca^e altogethei It is an luoprosMble eonlhet be-
tween oppoMwj and enduring forces, and it means, that the
United States must and will, soonci oriatei, become either
cntueiy a sldveholdm? nation, 01 entirely a fiee-labor na-
tion. Either the cotton and nee fields ol South Caioliua
;\nd the sugar plantations ot Louisiana will ultimately he
tilled by tiee labor, and Ciiailestun and New Oileaus> be-
come marts for legitimate mcichandi-.e alone, 01 eloe the
j j o fluids and wheat fields of Massachusetts and New Yoik
must again be sunoiuJeied by their tanner to >Iave eultuie
;tud to the production ot s-dave^. and Norton and New Yoik
become once moie maiketo lor ttado in tlie bodies and.soul*
of men."'
It must bo confessed that upon the carcful lead-
ing of this extract from that spceeh, there would
seem to he some cause or reason for the conclu-
sion at which many arrived, that the orator fur-
nished the incentive to those who engaged m the
Harper's Fojry infamy. But the friends of that
gentleman interposed tins plea in his behalf,
namely, that it w.us Imt a il&uic of rhetoric; that
the collision alluded to, the irrepressible conflict
asserted, was but tin- harmless conflict of iilcns,
and that he should not be held responsible ior nat-
ural violence who had but counseled intellectual
war. However indisposed ^nitlenim may have
previously been to give to the great. Senator the
benefit of this plea, for my part 1 am quire disposed
to do it now. His iriends may, tor aught 1 shall
object, securely insist upon their peaceful con-
struction of a declaration ot war. X waive ihc argu-
ment at this point, m view of the immeasurably
more imporumt evidence now attained—evidence
which seems to fix upon William H. Seward,
and upon the whole Republican party the re-
sponsibility of the murderous excesses of John
Brown and his associates in crime.
It should be remembered that the invasion of
Harper's Ferry occurred on the night of the 16th
of October last. It was not until the 26th day of
the ensuing Novembei that, thiough the columns
of the JSTew Yotk Heivld, were disclosed to the
country the secret causes and the complicity there-
in of Republican leaders. Tnon, tor the first
time, did the public learn that a secret poison had
for four months been in industrious circulation
through the vitals of the country; and then, lor
the first time, was it known that the circulators
were the leaders, the counselors and advisers ol
the Republican party. The indisputable facts
of the ease may thus be stated: A volume, enti-
tled !'Tht Impending Cusis of the South: How
to Meet it," had been written and published by
one Hmton Rowan Helper. This book, having
passed several editions, was at length submitted
to various Republican gentlemen, both in Con-
gress and elsewhere, and by them was both rcc-
ommended and its circulation provided for. I
should here, however, be permitted to premise
that into whatever course tne argument may be
forced by the defense interposed, the principal fact,
above all otheis incontestably proved, is that the
doctrines and principles of the Helper original
volume of four hundred pages, are directly sanc-
tioned and approved of by the Republican party, j
and not merely the compendium of but two hun- ;
dred pages.
I will now, sir, direct the attention of the House
to a few paragraphs from both the book and com-
pendium. i do not intend to detain the House
longer than sudicieiit only to learn the nature of
the'volume, and to infer from its character the
doetiines lu Id by gentlemen upon the other side
of the House. In one portion of the work, after
having spoken of the mineral and other wealth of
the Soi^li, this language is held:
But of what avail i«s all this latent wealth? Of what
avail will it ever be, f-o long as Maveiy is permitted to play
the dog in the manger? To these queiies iheie can be but
one icply : Slaveiy mast be t/noitlcd; the South, s-o gicat
and <<o glorious hy hatuie, must he leelaiined fiom her in-
famy and degradation ; oui otic-, lield-, and torcsts must
be kept intact fioni the uu-paunsmonstei, the various and
ample io-ouicos of our vast domain, snblenancous as well
as supeificial, must be developed, and made to contribute
to oui pleasures and to the necessities of the world."
It is to be observed that the force, effect, and
direction of this paragraph, are entirely towards
violence—towards organized, physical violence.
There is no oratorical trope, no figure of elo-
quence resorted to with which to impress more
vividly the mind. That wlueh in it is most sig-
mlieant is, that it counsels that by an act of vio-
lence directed towards the institution ol slavery
it mnsi be throttled and exterminated,
I now proceed to another exliact. At another
page of the book this language is used:
"The pieat l evolutionary movement which was f-ct on
tool m (!hai!oit>\ Mecklenburg count} ,Nouh Camhna, on
the 20th davot May, 1775,lia- nor yi been terminated,nor
will it be, until eveiy slave in th - United States i- fieed
fiom the tyianny of hi- rna^tei. livery victim ol the vile
institution, \\hethci white oi bl.u-k, must he reinvested
with the stored rights and pnvilegcsof winch he ha:- been
deprived bv an inhuman oligaiehy What our noble vires
oi the Revolution k-Jt unfinished ius our duty to complete,5'
Here once more I pause, and ask those within
reach of my voice, what is the plain significance
of this phraseology ? Does it contemplate peace-
able action, moral persuasion; does it contemplate
speech-making from the stump, orlaw enactments
within dehbeiative assemblies' or rather, does it
not refer to arms, to the murderous assault, the
cruel invasion, the stern defense, and the ultimate
success which crowned the war ol our Revolu-
tion and blesses it to us ? Sir, tbis_ language is
addressed to sway the passions; and it is intended
to provoke and inflame prejudice. It is clear, dis-
tinct, and unmistakable to the one point, that the
institution of slavery, as suic as it exists, must
be exterminated by the same physical power which
cast oil' the yoke of Great Britain, and gave these
colonies their freedom in the war of the Re vol il-
ls Uon.
\'^ain, sir, says this learned doctor:
' il.-neefoith, we aie demandants, not suppliant*.
We demand oui rights—nothing moie. nothing lev>. It is
lor jou to decide whether we aie to luive ja-tierj,c«ccably
or hf violence; foi. whatev.-i eon-i queues may follow, we
arc determined to have it one way or the other."'
The alternative then, is this, that unless the
shires he voluntarily manumitted, unless those in
bondage are permitted to go free peaceably, vio-
lence will be applied to the solution of the problem;
and total emancipation is thus to be the desired
result of the action which is proposed by the gen-
tlemen who indorse and lespoud to the doctrine
of this infamous Helper book.
Having to this ( xtent disclosed to the. House
and to the country the nature of the opinions here
cont.im.ed. and the direction which is sought to
bo l: kv:! and winch is pointed out by the counsels
therein indicated, let us see who they are who
give the sanction of their names and the counten-
ance of their judgments to it. The fact has been
brought to the attention of the House, that the
HonTWilliam 1-1. Seward, after having perused
the entire work m which such doctrines are found,
lecordtd these words:
-■ | luiv.. ]■ i'! the - Impending rn.iis ol' the South' with
deep attention. It .-eein-* to be'awoik of great meiit, rich,
yet accurate, in statistical information, analogical in analy-
sis."
Again follows a recommendation, to the same
effect, from the Rev. Theodore Parker, Cassius
M. Clay, and Joshua R.Giddings of Ohio. As
this latter gentleman is in full communion with
the party which sits upon the other side of the
House, lwill take tlie liberty to repeat his recom-
mendation for their edification and our informa-
tion. He says:
<>Tt is a manual for «ic times, calculated to meet tlic pop-
ular demand tbi liifoimauon upon the great question of the
age."
Then, sir, the New Vork Tribune—that paper
which incontestably is the advocate of the doctrine
entertained by my friends upon the other side,
and which is the exponent at all times of their
proper principles, says:
" Fortunate, indeed, arc the noii-slaveholding whites,
that they liave lound such a spokesman; one who utters no
stammei ing, hesitating, nor uncertain sound, who possesses
a pei feet mastery ofliis mother tongue, who speaks as well
from a long study anil full knowledge of his subject as from
profound convictions, and in whose vocabulaiy the words
fear and doubt seem to have no place."
And then the Evening Post says:
"Tlie author has collected in a volume of some I'ourhim-
ih ed pages, the most compact and irresistible array ot facts
anil .uguments, to piove the impolicy of slaveij that wo
have eneounteied."
The Ohio Jeffersonian Democrat also says:
"It is the gieatest anti-slavery work ever issued from an
American press "
Now, sir, I will put it to gentlemen in every
part of this House to say whether every word,
lino, and sentence contained in this work—I refer
not now to the compendium, to which 1 will soon
pay my attention, and endeavor to enforce the
distinction which holds between it and the prin-
cipal work—whether every sentence and principle
of this lurid and glowing Helper book, is not
clearly and specifically indorsed by the gentle-
man whose language I have citcd ? If that be so,
let us advance one step further in our scrutinizing
examination, and learn by what means it is that
the work of emancipation is sought to be con-
summated . A t another page occurs this language:
"Were we simply a Frec-Soiler, or anything else less than
a tlioiough and uncompiomising Abolitionist, we should
ecrtainly tax oui ability to the utmost to get up a cogent
mgnnieiit against the extension of slavery over any part of
out domain where it does not now exist; but as our princi-
ples arc hostile to the institution even wlieie it does exist,
and, theiefore, by implication and in fact, more hostile still
to its nitioducfion into new tenitoiv, \\ e forbcai the. prepa-
ration of any special temarks on this particular subject.
" With rcgaul to tlieunnauonalanddemoializing system
of slavery, we believe the maionty of northern people are
too seiupulous. They seem to tlunk that it Is enough for
them to be mere Frec-Soilcis.tokcepin cheek the diflusive
clement, of slaveiy,aild to prevent it from crossing over the
bounds Within which it is now legulatcd by municipal la;v.
Remiss in their national duties, as we contend, tlicy make
110 positive attack upon the institution in the southern
States." **<■«*■****
" Freemen of the Xortli! we earnestly entreat you to
think of these things. lFitheito, as mere Free-SoMcis, you
have appioached but halt-wav to the line of your duty; now,
for your own sakes and foi liurs and lor the puipoic of per-
petuating this great Republic, which your latheis and our
lathers founded in septennial slreams ot blood, we ask you,
in all seriousness, to oignmze yourselves as one man under
the banners ol liheitv, and to aid us nl exterminating sla-
very, which is the "only thing tltat militates against, our
complete aggrandisement as a nation.
in ibis extraoidmary crisis of affairs, no man can be
a tuic patuot without liiit becoming an Abolitionist,"
What, Mr. Clerk, is the meaning of the term
" Abolitionist?" We are left in no doubt, for the
author of the work records the definition, and that
definition is not obligatory on his compurgators,
;i but approved by them. "He says:
II "And heie, perhaps, we niav be pai doned lor theitigres-
j1 pion neees^ar} to show the cxa^t defiriitiotv of tho toiins
!l abolish, abolition, ^Sbohhonixh
"Abolish, r t. To make void; to annul; to abrogate;
!j applied eh icily and appropriately to eKablislietl' eon-
<■ tiart-, rites, customs, and ins-atutions, a-; to abolish laws
i! hv a lepeal. actual or viitual. To deshoyorput anendto;
' j as- to abolish idols.
!| Abolition, n. The act of abolishing; or the state ot
J bemg aboh-hed; an annulling; uttia deduction; as the
:J abolition of laws, deeiee^-. oulinaneos ute^ customs, etc.
l! The putting an end to slarery; c>nau<ii>'ition.
a Abolitionist, a. Jl 'j,c, son >cho fucon abolition, or the
j' immediate emancipation of slaves.**
!' Now, sir, could I here arise to myfcetaiidpro-
ij pound, m more nervous a iid compact language,
the principle that is to fruideand govern the great
!| Republican party to its iuturc\than is used here."
!' It no longer consist* withpfttriotisni to iclincjuish
it slavery to the custody of the States wlieio it cx-
