1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2159
reputation of members grows out of the base con-
duct of those persons who abuse the privileges
of the floor and the gallery accorded to them. I
think that the honor and dignity and character of
this House demand that the resolution which the
committee have brought before the House should
be promptly and unanimously adopted.
Mr. PHELPS. I have nothing to say with
regard to the resolution; but, as I understand that
the testimony given by the witness before the
committee of investigation refers to the fact that
he was employed as an agent by E. K. Collins
and associates to get from Congress an appropri-
ation for their claim for the performance of mail
service, and as that matter came before the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
yesterday, and received the sanction of the com-
mittee, and as I indorsed the amendment pre-
sented by the chairman of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, I feel it due to the
House to advert to the matter.
When contracts were made with Collins & Co.,
and with other persons, for tlio performance of
ocean mail service, there was an act of Congress
making an appropriation out of the Treasury to
enable these contractors to build their vessels. It
was first passed without any requirement that
the contractors should even pay interest, and
without stating the time when that money should
be repaid. At a subsequent session of Congress,
an act was passed requiring that amount to be paid
in installments of ten per cent., together with inter-
est thereon at the rate of six per cent, per annum.
In accordance with that last legislation of Con-
gress, the accounts of these ocean mail contract-
ors were settled at the Treasury Department.
But, as I remarked yesterday, Collins and his
associates met with misfortunes in the loss of two
steamers. Having complied with this contract
in building the number of steamers which they
were required to build, they inquired of the Sec-
retary oi the Navy if he would accept the steamer
Ericsson, which had been recently built. The
Secretary of the Navy, with whom the contract
for the mail service was made, agreed to accept
the service of the steamer Ericsson, in lieu of the
Collins steamer that had been lost. This, as I
am informed, was done by the Secretary of the
Navy, without any consultation with the Post-
master General. In consequence of accepting a
steamer which did not perform its trips in as
short a period of time as the steamers of Collins
& Co. performed them m, the Postmaster Gen-
eral, Mr. Campbell, ordeied a deduction in the
extra compensation paid to Collins.
This matter was submitted to the Attorney Gen-
eral, during the administration of PresidentPierce,
and thp Attorney General agreed in opinion with,
and justified the action of, the Postmaster Gen-
eral. The matterwas, however, submitted to the
present Secretary of the Navy, and he decided
that, in consequence of the previous decisions ol
the Postmaster General, he was precluded from
any action on the subject. At the same time, he
saw no objection to the claim of Collins & Co.,
except the previous decision of the executive de-
partment. I hold in my hand a letter from the
Secretary of the Navy on this subject, addressed
to the chairman of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, which i ask to have read.
The Clerk read the following letter:
Navy Department, Jijiril 19, 1860.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the leceiptof
your letter of the 17th in&tarit, in relation to the account ot
Messrs. E. K. Collin* and associates with the Government,
and to transmit heiewitn a statement on the object, pie
pared by the Fourth Auditor ot the Tieasuiy, m the. man-
nei indicated by you
After Mr. Black, the Attorney General, had given his
opinion in favor of the allowance of their claim, 1 dis-al-
lowed it solely on the ground that it bad been disallowed
by my piedeeessor, and I had no authority to reverse his
decision.
i am, veiy respectfully, your obedient seivant,
ISAAC TOUCHY.
Hon. Sciiuyi.er Colfax, Chairman of the Committee on
the Post Office and Fort Roads.
Mr. PHELPS. The opinion of the Attorney
General lias been taken on the subject, and he de-
cirled that the acceptance by the Secietary of the
Navy of the steamer Ericsson made the perform-
ance of the mail service by that steamer within the
provision of the law, and that the contractors
were entitled to the same pay for the services per-
formed bv that steamer as if the service had been
performei by the steamer Arctic, which had been
lost.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would like to know
whether this is a subject open for discussion now?
Mr. PHELPS. 1 merely desire to say that
the amount appropriated yesterday, in the amend-
ment which passed the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, is in accordance with a
statement which I hold in ray hand, prepared by
the Fourth Auditor of the Treasury Department,
which shows, according to the opinion of Attor-
ney General Black, a balance due of #80,282 72,
being the same amount that was embraced in the
amendment adopted yesterday.
I felt it due to myself to make this statement,
because the testimony just read to the House has
disclosed the fact that this witness, Walker, ac-
knowledged that he was in the receipt of some
compensation from E. K. Collins & Co. in regard
to this claim.
Mr. COLFAX. I do not desire to discuss the
matter. I merely desire to say that no lobby
agent has approached the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads. We took up the ease on
the papers furnished by the Administration, and
acted on them.
Mr. BOCOCK. Why was it that this private
claim was placed upon an appropriation bill, in
preference to all other claims ?
Mr. COLFAX. Because the Attorney Gen-
eral, the law-officer of the Government, decided
that the payment had been improperly withheld,
and ought to be made.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not agree with
the views of the gentleman; but I submit that
this question is not before the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
House is getting away from the question be-
fore it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply desire to say that
I am in favor of the pending resolution, and will
vote to expel any correspondent from the House
who is employed as a looby agent in favor of any
claim, whether just or unjust. Gentlemen who
are employed here to report the proceedings of
the House are paid by their rcspectivc newspa-
pers; and whenever 1 find them departing from
their legitimate business, and becoming lobby
agents, 1 will vote to expel them.
The question was taken upon the resolution;
and it was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I demand the regular order
of business.
NEBRASKA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. ESTABROOK. I rise to a question of
privilege. A contest has been waged hero with
reference to the seat which I occupy, and it has
been submitted to the consideration of the Com-
mittee of Elections of this House. They have
made their report; and their report concludca with
a resolution that the contestant is entitled to the
seat which I now occupy. The facts wlueh were
revealed before that committee go to show that,
after several witnesses had been examined 
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a question of order.
This matter- cannot interfere with the regular
course of business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman from Nebraska cannot introduce this
subject now.
Mr. ESTABROOK. I do not propose to go
into the merits of the case, but merely to intro-
duce a motion for the taking of additional testi-
mony.
Mr. SHERMAN.
I think that is not in or-
It appears to the Chair that
der now.
The SPEAKER.
it is not in order.
Mr. ESTABROOK. I desire to state the facts.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to send any petition and papers in his case to the
Committee of Elections.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. ESTABROOK. I do not wish particu-
larly to hasten this case from Nebraska, but I do
wish to put in possession of the House, at the
earliest possible moment, this evidence.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is demanded.
POST OFFICE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The_ SPEAKER stated that the regular order
of business was the consideration of the Post Of-
fice deficiency bill, reported yesterday from the
Committee of the Wholeon the state of the Union.
The first question was on the first amendment
reported to the Committee of the Whole in sec-
tion one, line ten, to strike out " three" and in-
sert " six."
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to know whether it
is too late to make a question of order on an
amendment of this bill, which has not yet Been
voted on ?
Several Members. It is too late.
Mr. BURNETT. The question of order which
I desire to submit to the Chair is this: that this is
a general appropriation bill, on which there has
been incorporated a private hill fey the benefit of
E. K. Collins & Co., which I hold to be not in
order under the rules of the House.
The SPEAKER. That amendment was re-
ported by the Committeoof the Whole. The pre-
vious question has been ordered upon the bill,
and the question upon that amendment must be
decided by the vote of the Hduse.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 trust the vote will first be
taken on the second amendment. If the second
amendment be adopted, the first will not be neces-
sary.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, that
course may be taken.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask that the
portion of the bill proposed to be amended, and
the amendment offered, be read.
The Clerk read the first section and the first
amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would suggest to
the gentleman from Ohio, that if that proviso be
stricken out, the first amendment will be unneces-
sary.
Mr. SHERMAN. I so understand; and there-
fore 1 ask that the question be first taken on the
amendment to strike out the amendment.
The SPEAKER. It will be so taken, if there
be no objection.
Mr. PHELPS. No, sir; I desire that the vote
may be taken on the first amendment. If we give
the Postmaster General sufficient money to re-
store the service, he will restore it wherever it is
necessary and proper.
Mr. WASHCURNE, of Illinois. I object to
debate.
Mr. COLFAX. If the proviso be stricken out,
the mail service will not be restored.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I rise to a question
of order. It is, that the amendments must be put
to the House in the order they were reported from
the Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The question of order is
well taken. The question now is on the first
amendment.
The fust amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to reconsider the vote
by which that amendment was agreed to, and to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the motion will not
be insisted upon. '
Mr. PHELPS. I do insist upon it.
Mr. BRANCH. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
Mr. BOCOCK. I rise to a question of order.
Are we now acting: under the previous question?
The SPEAKER. The House is acting under
the operation of the previous question.
Mr. BOCOCK. I propound this question of
order to the Chair: that while tlie House is act-
ing under the previous question it is not in order
to move to reconsider and lay the motion to re-
consider on the table. Now, let me state my
point to the Chair distinctly; and I do it with per-
fect confidence that I am ri«lit, notwithstanding
the fact that 1 know that, in several instances,
where no question has been raised, the motion has
been received and put. If the House will bear
with me for a moment, I think I will be able to
show, to the satisfaction of the Chair and of every
member present, that the point which I have raised
is correct, and ought to be sustained. We are
now acting under the oider of the House, under
which we must go on and vote through this bill
without interruption. We are not only acting
under a question of privilege, but are acting under
an order which cannot be disobeyed. We are
