2160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17.
obliged to vote on until we come to an end of the
matter on which the previous question operates.
In many of* the State Legislatures, when the
previous question has been ordered, even a mo-
tion to adjourn cannot intervene to prevent the
House from carrying out its order. Here, how-
ever, under an express rule, the motion to adjourn
is in order; but nothing else is in order until the
previous question lias been exhausted. If the
motion to reconsider be made, therefore, it cannot
be put until after the previous question has been
exhausted. Under our rules, by which the mo-
tion to reconsider may be made on the same day
or the day following, the motion may be made
and entered at any stage of the proceedings; but
it cannot be acted upon until it may be called
up without interfering with business before the
liouse. I say, therefore, that it is in order now to
submit the motion to reconsider; but not to vote
upou it until after the previous question shall have
been exhausted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the practice of the House, so far as his ex-
perjeft^goes, has been to allow the motion to be
made and submitted to the House.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope the House will allow
us to go through these other amendments before
the question is taken on laying the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 ask that the vote may be
taken on that motion at this time. I have a cei-
tain object to accomplish. I want the money ap-
propriated and placed at the disposal of the Post-
master General, to enabled him to restore such
service as he shall deem necessary and proper;
but I am opposed to any mandatory provision re-
quiring this restoration to take place, whether it
is required by the public interest or not.
Mr. BURNETT. I withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays. I have no wish to take up the
time of the House. ,
The motion to lay on the table the motion tu
reconsider was disagreed to; and the question re-
curred on the motion to reconsider.
The motion was disagreed to.
Second amendment:
Insert after the word " limitation," in the fourteenth line
of the second page, as follows :
Or whcie improved servieu over said loutes ha  boon fur-
nished by railroad or otherwise.
The amendment was agreed to.
Third amendment:
Insert at Die close of the second amendment, as follows:
Also route 604 J, by steamer Isabel, shall be i estored at the
rate of $,r)0,0Ul) per year, Irom Chaslebton, via Savannah, to
Key V.'e&t, till the 30th of June-, IBM.
The amendment was agreed to.
Fourth amendment:
In line nineteen, page 2, after the word wav\" insert as
follows:
Provided further, That the appropriation heiein named
shall be so construed as to embrace those made bv the joint
resolution tor the telief of thf-eontiactors of the Post Office
Department, approved 28th of Mareh, 1860.
The amendment was agreed to.
Fifth amendment:
Page 2, line nineteen, after the word "way," insert as
follow* :
Provided further, That nothing herein contained shall be
construed so as to renew the mail nerviee on the Cumber-
land river, above Clarksville, in the State ol Kentucky.
The amendment was agreed to.
Sixth amendment:
Page 0, line nineteen, after the word way/' iiuert a*
follows :
Noi tu intertWi* with an}' changes of mm vice that may have
been made without reduction ol price.
The amendment was agreed to.
Seventh amendment:
Strike out the whole proviso, as amended, aa follows:
Provided, That the Postmaster General is hereby directed
to restore the inland service on all the unites under con-
tract on the 4th of March, ld09, unle^b the s.ime have ex-
pired by their own limitation, or wheip improved service
over said loutes has been furnished by railroad or other-
wise ; also, route tUM2, by steamei Isabel, shall be re&tored,
at theiu. .*<>1 $30,000 a year, from Charleston, via Sa\ aninib,
to Kej West, to 3Qtli June, 1863; and where the service
ha  been actually performed by the contractors, notwith-
standing micIi discontinuance,the Postma^terlJcn'vul shall
pay the contractors as if no change had been ordered ; but
the Postmaster General shall not be required to restore the
M'rviee on any ot said routes beyond one daily mail each
way, nor interfere with any changes of serviee that may
have bf'enmade without reduction of price: Provided fur-
ther, That the appropriation herein made shall be >o con-
strued as to embuco tho^e made by the joint l evolution tor
the u-iW of ihe ennti actors of the Post Office Depaitment,
approved 28 th March, 18d0: Provided further, That nothing
herein contained shall be construed soastoievivethemaif
service on the Cumberland river, above Clarksville, in the
State of Tennessee.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 60, nays 315; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Allen, Avery, Bo-
cock, Branch, Bristow, Burnett, Horace P. Clark, Clop-
ton, John Cochrane, Conkling, Cox, Burton Craige, Craw-
ford, Curry, II. Winter Davis, John G. Davis, Reuben
Davis, De Jarnette, Etheridge, Gamett, Gartrell, John T.
Harris, Hatton, Hoard, Houston, Jenkins, Kunkel, Lamar,
Landrum, James M. Leach, Maclay, Mallory, Charles 13.
Martin, Millson, Laban T. Moore, Pendleton, Peyton,
Phelps, Pry or, Q,uailes,, James C. Robinson, Rulliu, Rust,
Sedgwick, Sherman, Singleton, William Smith, William
N. II. Smith, Staliworth, Stanton, Stevenson, Taylor,
Thomas,Trimble, Underwood, Vance, Webstci.Winslow,
and Wright—60.
NAYS—Messis. Green Adams, Adrain, AJdrich, Alley,
William C. Anderson, Ashmorc, Babbitt, Barrett, Beale,
Binuham, Blair, Blake, Boteler, Brabson, Biayton, Briggs,
Buflmton, Burch, Bumham, Butterfield, Campbell, Carey,
Carter, John B. Clark, Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax, Covode,
James Craig, Dawes, Delano, Duel!, Dunn, Edgeiton,
Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Feny, Florence, Foster,
Frank, French,Gilmer, Gooeh,Giaham, Gio\v,IIarderaau,
J. MorrisonIlauis,Hawkins,Ilelmick,Hickman.Ilolman,
Howard, Hughes, Humphrey, IJutehins, irvine/jackson,
ICeitt, Fiancis W. Kellogg, Kilgore, DeWittC. Leach,Leo,
Logan, Longneckcr, Loomis, Love, Lovejoy, Maynard,
McKnight, McPherson, McRae, Montgomeiy, Moorhead,
Mornll, Edward Joy Morris, I&aao N. Morris, Morse,
Nelson, Niblaek, Nixon, Noell, Olin, Perry, Pettit, Porter,
Potter, Reynolds, Rice, Itiggs, Christopher Robinson,
Jtoyce, Schwartz, Scott, Scranton, Spinner, William
Stewart, Stokes, Stout, Stratton, Tappan, Tompkins,
Tiam, Vandever, Van Wyek, Wade, Waldron, Walton,
Ellihu B. Washbuinc, Israel Washburn, Weils, Windom,
WoodiulT, and Woodson—115.
So the proviso was not stricken out.
Before the announcement of the vote,
Mr. CASE stated that he had paired with Mr.
Cobb; otherwise he should have voted " no."
Mr. ASHMORE stated that Mr. Miles had
paired with Mr. McKean until Monday or Tues-
day next.
Mr. POTTLE stated that Mr. Palmer had
been called homo by illness in his family, and had
paired off with Mr. English.
Mr. POTTLE said he had paired with Mr.
Reagan; otherwise he should have voted "no."
'Mr. VALLANDIGHAM stated that he had
paired Vith Mr. Asiiley.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Eighth amendment:
After " dollars,51 in lino iwentv-nine, insert:
And out of this Mini tin* PostiiMslei (Jeneial shall pay to
the eontracSors lbi furnishing leather mail-pouches interest
at the late ol six per cent, on all sums heietofou; due said
eon tt actor-, and winch lemamed unpaid, for want of fund*,
fioin the time •■aid sunc; were due to the day when the
principal sums weie m tact paid.
The amendment was agreed to.
Ninth amendment:
Sre. 'A. .■•]>•<} be it further cnaclcd, That the Secretary of
the Navy is directed to pay E. K. Collms and associates the
sum of $80,^-2 72, being the remaining balance tound duo
them upon then contract lor tiaie-porting the United States
mail between New Yoik and Livotpool.
The question was put; and the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas nnd nays
upon the paasaffe of the bill.
Mr. BURNETT. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the amendment for the Coliiim steamships.
The SPKAKEll. It is too late now, except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I believe 1 called
for a division in time upon that amendment.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. The vote had
been taken, but it had not been announced by the
Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair heard no call for
a division.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
subsequently read the third time.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the House agreed to the amendment for
the benefit of E. K. Collins and his associates;
and upon that I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. COLFAX. I rise to a question of order.
We have passed the stage when that motion can
be made.
The SPEAKER. The point is well taken;and
the Chair rules that the motion is not in order after
the third reading of the bill.
Mr. BURNETT. But the bill has not been
engrossed, and has not been read a third time.
The SPEAKER. The bill has just been read
a third time.
Mr. BURNETT. Why is it, then, that I can-
not move to reconsider ?
The SPEAKER. -It is because that portion
which the gentleman moves to reconsider has
already been incorporated into and become a part
of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of this bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. BRANCH. I demand the yeas and nays
upon'the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 10lJ, nays5(J; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
rain. Aldrich, Allen, William C. Andeison, Babbitt, Bar-
rett, Blair, Blake, Boteles, Brayton, Briggs, Bufiinton,
Bureh, Bumham, Butterfield, Campbell, Casey, Carter,
John B. Claik,Clark B. Cochrane, John Cochiane, Collax,
Coukhng, Covode, James Craig, Crawford, H. Winter Da-
vis, Dawes, Delano, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Ehot, Ely,
Fenton, Ferry, Florence, Foster, Frank, French,Gartieli,
Gooeh, Giaham, Grow, Hardeman, J. Moirison Hams,
Hehniek, Hill, Hoard, Holnian. William Howaul, Hughes,
Humphicy, Ilutchms, Irvine, Junkin, ICeitt, Francis W.
Kellogg, Kilgore, Kunkel, Lariabee, DeWitt C. Leach,
Lee, Loomis, Love, Maclay, Marston, McKnight, McRae,
Montgomery, Laban T. Moore, Moorhead, Momll, Ed-
was d Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Morse, Nelson, Niblaek,
Nixon, Noell, Perry, Peyton, Phelps, Potter, Rice, Koyce,
Schwartz, Scott, Scranton, Somes, William Stewart,
Stratton, Tappan, Tompkins, Train, Underwood, Van
Wyek, Wade, Walton,Elhhu B. Washhurne, Israel Wash-
burn, Websier, Wells, Windom, Woodruff, and Woodson
—109.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashmore, Avery, Beale, Bocoek, Boyec,
Branch, Bristow, Burnett, Horace F. Claik, Clopton, Bur-
ton Ci.iige, Curry, Curtis, John G. Davis, I)e Jarnette,
Duell, Edmundson, Etheridge, Gamett, Gilmer, John T.
Harris, Hatton, Hawkins, Houston, William A. Howard,
Jenkins, Lamar, Landium, James M. Leach, Lovcjoy,
Mallory, Chaiies D. Martin, Maynaid, McPhenson, isic-
Queen, Millson, Sydenham Moore,Olin, Pendleton.Pettit,
I'ryor, Cluarles, Rigus, Rufiin, Rust, Sedgwiek, Singleton,
William Smith, William N. H. Smith, Spinnei, Stall worth,
Stanton, Stevenson, Stokes, Thomas, Tumble, Vance,
Winslovv, and Wright—59.
So the bill was passed.
During the vote,
Mr. BRISTOW stated that Mr. Rrabson had
been called away by the sickness of a friend.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, stated that he was
paired olF.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now call up the Senate
amendments to the deficiency bill, upon which
the main question was ordered to be put yesterday.
The bill was taken up, and the following Senate
amendments were severally read and agreed to, as
recommended bv the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the tlnion:
First amendment:
At the end of line seven, page 1, Insert as follows:
For compensation of the officers, cleiks, messengeis, and
others icceivnig an annual salary in the service ot'the Sen-
ate, namel) : for the Chaplain of the Senate, ^GO.
Second amendment:
Inseit after line seven, page 1, as follows:
For contingent expenses of the Senate, miscellaneous
lteni-s, namely: for expenses of select committees, &9,000.
With an amendment, as follows:
Aftei the word "Senate,'" in the second line of &,tid
amendment, insert the words " and House of Representa-
tives and after the word "dollars,5'in the fifth hue, insert
the following words:
And for the paj'mcnt of expenses of the scveial investi-
gating committees of the House of Representatives, ^ 18,000;
and also for the paymentof the expense5? of witnes&e^ sum-
moned, or to bo summoned, before the Committee on The
Judieiaiy of the House of Representatives, during the pres-
ent session, {$1-2,000 5 and that the said sums shall be added
to the miscellaneous item of the contingent fund of the
House.
Third amendment:
lns< rt after line &even, page 1, as follows :
For expenses of the heating and ventilating apparatus,
including pay ofongineers, firemen, laborers, fuel, oil, tools,
and s>o lorth, #3,400.
With an amendment, as follows:
Strike out" and so forth.1'
Fifth, sixth, and seventh amendments:
Insert the woids u and Senate"' in two place?, and'-tri've
out '^4.000,'* and in lieu theicof insert u $7,-200.'A so that
the paiagradi will read :
For the usual additional compensation to the leportetvof
