196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
ists. It must be "throttled." The freemen of
the North must no longer, as Frec-Soilers, seek
to restrain slavery within its existing limits; they
must direct their efforts against it where it exists;
they must abolish it at once, by violence, and for-
ever. This is abolition. He who practices it is
an Abolitionist; and the party that accepts the
doctrines is an Abolition party.
I have already shown to you under whose au-
thority this work was distributed among the peo-
ple of the land. I will now proceed further with
the attempt to prove that it is upon the responsi-
bility also of gentlemen on the other side of the
House that this book has received circulation m
the North, and in various regions of the South.
On the 9th day of March, 1859, there was a cir-
cular drawn up, which contained this significant
opinion:
"Dear Sir: If you have read and critically examined
the work, you will piobably agree with us that no course
of argument so successfully controverting the practice of
slavery in the United States, and enforcing a precise and ad-
equate view of its prostrating effect's, material and moral,
has equaled that ot the volume entitled ' The Impending
Crisis of the South: IIow to Meet it,' by Ilinton ltowan
Helper, of Noith Carolina.
" Noothervolumenow before the public, as we conceive,
is, in all respects, so well calculated to induce in the
minds of its leaders a decided and persistent repugnance
to slavery and a willingness to eo iperatc m the effort to
restrain the shameless advances and huitful influences of
that pernicious institution."
This opinion was indorsed by gentlemen who
are Representatives upon this lloor of constitu-
encies in the North, m this language:
We, the undesigned, member* ot the House of Repre-
sentatives 01 the national Congress, do cordially indorse the
opinion, and approve the enteipu&e set loith in the loiego-
ing circular:
Schuylci Colfax,
Anson Ihuhngame,
Owen Lovejov,
Amos P Gunner,
Edwin 13. Morgan,
Galusha A. Crow,
Joshua U. Giddmg.^,
Edward Wade,
Calvin C. ChatlVe,
William II. Ivel^ey,
WiJham A Howard,
Henry Wahhon,
John ^heimati,
Geotgc W. I'alovr,
Dame] W. Good),
Jlemy L. Dawes,
Justin f5. Moinll,
]. Washbuin, ji.,
.1, A. Bingham,
William Kellogg,
E. B. Washbuuie,
Benjamin Stanton,
Edward Dodd,
Cydnor Ii. Tompkins,
John Covodc,
Cad. C. Washburn,
Samuel G. Andiews,
Abiaham IS. Olin,
Sidney Dean,
Nathaniel 13. Dmfoe,
Emoiv 15. Pottle,
DeWitt C. Leach,
John l\ l'ofter,
T. Davis, (.Massachusetts,)
J. F. F.unsworth,
C. L. Knapp,
11. 11. Fenton,
Philemon liliss,
Ma*on W. T.ippan,
Charles Ca-.e,
T. Davie-, (Iowa,)
James Pike,
Homer E. Koyce,
Isaiah 1>. Cl.i\v>on,
A S
Robeit IJ. Hall,
\ aicntuie H. Moilon,
Fireman U. Moi&c,
Dawd KsS'.'oie.
William blewait,
Samuel R. < "til tr,
John AT. Wood,
John M. P.uker,
Stephen C. Foster,
Charles J. Gdman,
Charles B. Iloaid,
John Thompson,
J. W. Shennan,
William P Brayton,
James Butlinton,
O. il. Mattevoi^
Kichaid AJott,
Geoige R. Robbing,
Ezckiel P. Walton,
James Wilson,
S. A. Puiviaiico,
Fuuk'is E. Spinner,
Silas M. Bimouglih.
Here \vc: liavo an iudoiwmmt of the accuracy
and beneficial effect ol" the principal work itself.
Another paragraph remarks upon the enterprise
to which the sixty-eight members of the national
Congress refer. It is as follow s:
•k The extensive circulation of a copiuf compend of the
work in question among the intelligent, Iibcm-loving vo-
ters of the eountiy, nre-poctn c of party oi locality, would,
we believe, be pioducuve ol mo-.thcnefieiaiie-.ults; and
to thrend w e mrt you will assist u^ m eairying out a
plan wc ha\ <• d-'\ i-ed for the giatintoir d^ti (but ion of one
hundted thousand copies of such a compend, w hieli, if
contracted tor and published, will contain about two hun-
dred prints, aiifi he hound in pamphlet toim/1
Now, a coi^pend has but one significance. In
the language oi the lexicographer, it is an abridg-
ment, a summaiy, an epitome, the principal heads
or general piinupk s of a larye work or system.
If the principle features of the work had been
effaced from the compend, the opinions advanced
in tins circular would not have been sustained, in
fact. The truth is, that the compend represents
the intended action of these gentlemen, and they
arc as deeply responsible for it, as the compend
was recommended to be copious. There have been
various defenses interposed. Among these de-
fenses, is the one that they who signed the paper
were ignorant of the contents ot the compen-
dium.
A letter has been produced to the House to sus-
tain this position, and from which I will read. It
is the letter of Mr. F. P. Blair, of Silver Spring.
He says:
" Washington City, December 6, 1S39.
<c Dear Sir : I perceive that a debate has arisen in Con-
gress in which Mi. Helper's book, the ; Impending Crisis,'
is brought up as an exponent of Republican pimciples. As
the names of many leading Republicans are presented as
recommending a compendium of the volume, it la proper
that I should explain how those names were obtained in
advance of the publication. Mr. Helper broughthis book to
me at Silver Spring to examine and recommend, if X thought
well of it, as a work to be cncouraged by Republicans. 1
had never seen it before. After its perusal, 1 either wrote
to Mi. Helper, or told him, that it was objectionable in many
particulars, to which / adverted; and he promised me, in
writing, that he would obviate the objections by omitting
entirely or altering the mattei objected to. j
4 • 1 understand that it was m consequence of his assurance i
to me that the obnoxious matter m the original publication j
would be expuigated. that member of Congress and other j
influential men among the Republicans were induced to !
give their cuuntenanee to the circulation of the edition so
to be expuigated."
Now, it remains for mo to show that, in the ab-
sence of specifications by Mr. Blair, it is highly
probable that the objectionable matter ref^red to
by him was expurgated. In order to show this, I
bring here to the attention of the House and of
the country the fact that there was still more ob-
jectionable and olfensive matter contained m Hel-
per's principal work than any cited from the
compendium. Among such matter is the follow-
ing, and, until it be otherwise proved, we are to
infer that these objectionable particulars which do
not appear in the compend wore those which were
brought to Helper's attention by Mr. Blair, and
which, m truth, were subsequently expunged from
the compend by Mr. Helper, according to his
promise to Mr. Blair:
So it seems that the total number ofactual slave owneis,
including then entire crew oi cnniruig lickspittles, against
whom we have to contend, irf but three hundred and ioity-
seven thousand live bundled and twenty-five. Against this
army for the defence and propagation of slavery, we think
it will he an easy matter, independent of the neuioes—who,
in nine ca^es out of f-n, would be delighted with an oppoi-
tumty to cut their master^ throats—and without accepting
of a single reeiuit lioin either of the fiee states, England,
Fiance, or Geimauy, to imeti-r one at loa-.it three times as
lanre and far moic ie^p"clabic, for its utter extinction. We
are defnimncd to aboirh .slavery at all hazaids; in defi-
ance of all the oppo-,iwon, of whaievei nature, which it is
po^ible lor the •vi.u-eooiats to hi iug again-1 us. Ot thr they
may tak'"  du" uotic, and govern themselves accoidimdy."
Among other phrases that occur throughout the
pa^es of the principal work, and Avhich do not
appear in this compendium, and which, therefore,
it is fair to presume fell under the process of ex-
cision are the following, which I will now read:
u Slaveholders aie a nuisance.
"• It is our imperative; business to abate nuisances."
" We propose to extenmnate this catalogue fiom begin-
ning to end."
"'Wo believe that Tinnvrs are. a general rule, less
amenable to the moi.d law than slaveholder.'"
k- Slaveholders aie more cuminal than common iiiuid'M-
eiV
" Slaveholder- and ;-la\e nad-'is aie, a* a geneial thing,
unfit to occiips any houoiabk' station in life."
u our honest conviction that all pio-davcry slave-
holder, who aie alone ic.poinblc foi the continuance ot
the baneful iirtiluuou aiming us, dc.-eive to b" at ont e ic-
(htrcrl lrt a prrmllfl u <th the hawsl criminals that lie JctLerod
withiii the ce'h of our public prisons.
u Weie it possible that the whole number could be gath-
ered toaethoi and tian,-ferred into four equal gangs of
licensed Kohbfrs, Uuffians. Tiiicves, and Murdlrgrs,
society, we teel a^ured, would suffer less from their atioci-
tie^ than ti docs now."
It is, theiefore, fairly to be inferred that these
were exceptionable paragraphs that were referred
to by Mr. Blair; and as they do not appear m
the compendium, it is an equally clear and satis-
factory argument that Mr. Helper's promise to
Air. Blair wasobperved,and thatthose who signed
tie- circular with the understanding that the ob-
p •''! lonab'i ■ passages wore to be omitted, are to be
held to strict accountability for the passages which
I h;ui' read from the cdnipend. But, sir, I con-
tend that "Veil were this otherwise, in truth no
benefit <an be derived from the position of these
defendants. I have already shown, by the lan-
guage which these gentlemen adopted, their rec-
ommendation and sanction were not of the com-
pend; but of the opinions and doctrines contained
m the original hook; and that they advised that a
copious compend of its principles and its leading
features should be made and distributed through-
out the land. What more? The work is des- ;•
ignated k<Tho impending Crisis of the South— !|
How to Meet it." Apparently it lias the good of j
the country stamped upon its title page, and those ,j
who open it for the first time must do so with .j
the impression that they will find in it a summary :'
process for the relief of every evil and for the res-
toiation of peace and prosperity to the country.
But there are others, sir, who have entertained
opposite views. They are men who stand in au-
thoritative positions and who occupy places of
trust.
Among the names of those entertaining such
opposite viefvs are the following, which I will
•now recite to the House: Horace Greeley, James
Kelley, (Chairman State Central Committee of
New York,) John A. Kennedy, (Chairman Re-
publican General Committee of JNew York city,)
John Jay, Thurlow Weed, Abram Wakexnan,
Wm. Henry Anthon, "Wm. C. Bryant. And
their views are forcibly expressed in this extract
from their circular, wnich accompanied that in-
dorsed by the sixty-eight Republicans of the na-
tional Congress:
"And it is vciy desirable that a cheap compend of its
contents, fitted for gratuitous circulation, be now made
and generally diffused in those States—Pennsylvania, New
Jeisey, Indiana and Illinois—which are to decide the next
presidential contest."'
It was not then for the purpose of emancipating
slaves peaceably, but it was for the avowed ana
confessed purpose of carrying the next presiden-
tial election that this compend was made and at-
tempted to be circulated. Gentleman who use
implements of this description arc to be held ac-
countable for their abuse. Now, if I shall show
you that these recognized and accepted leaders of
the Republican party have put forward these
principles, and demanded this compendious pro-
cess of action, in connection with avowed and
known Abolitionists—as Abolitionists are defined
in this book of Hmton Rowan Helper—it seems
to me that there will have been a charge made and
evidence adduced, which must be met upon this
lloor, or be aeccpted as true, that the Republican
party have consented to the abolitionizing of their
principles.
On the 15th day of June, only four months
before the commencement of the movement on
Haiper's Ferry, we have this announcement made:
'• In aid of the general fund for circulating one hundied
thousand copies ol the work in hand, Mibsenptions up to
the loth of June, 1S39, amount to about thiec thousand
seven hundred dollar, ot which the toliowing, as will re-
spectively appeal, have been received in sums of from ten
to two hundred and fifty dollars."
Who, then, is accountable for the circulation of
this work ? We have seen who indorsed its prin-
ciples and doctrines. There can be no question of
the force and effect of these, when circulated; but
who aro the authors of their circulation ? Who
furnished the means for distributing the treason?
Having ascertained these facts, 1 shall put it to
gentlemen here whether they, the authors, are not
to be held responsible for all the terrible and
ghastly consequences? The list of those who
Mtbscnbed is in my hand. Among them are the
following: Cassius M. Clay, Whitehall, Ken-
tucky; Horace Greeley, Hinton R. Helper, John
Jay, Edgar Ketchum, New York city; Samuel
May, Boston, Massachusetts, (Abolitionist:) Ed-
win I). Morgan, Albany, New York, (Governor;)
Republicans of Pottsville and North Coventry,
Pennsylvania; Republicans of Croton Point, New
York; Republicans of Shawnee Mound, South
Bend, Indiana; Gen it Smith, Peterboro, New
York, (Abolitionist;) Marcus Spring, Eagles-
wood, New Jersey, (Abolitionist;) J. S.T.Stran-
ahan, Brooklyn, New Yoik; Lewis Tappan,
Brooklyn, New York, (Abolitionist;) James S.
Wadsworth, Abram Wakeman, New York city;
Thurlow Weed, Albany, New York.
These are a few of the names of those who
subscribed for the circulation of this work, and
by whose means it has been distributed. And
■when I indicate here to the House that for the
§3,700 thus subscribed, twenty-three thousand
one hundred and twenty-five copies of the com-
pend, at sixteen cents the copy, have been pro-
duced, purchased,and circulated throughout these
States within four months of the memorable 16th
of October, I think the country will be at no loss
m its inquiry for the cause of the insurrection,
bloodshed, and murder, at Harper's Ferry.
Now, sir, another defense has been interposed,
and that defense goes more specifically to the ben-
efit of the gentleman who is proposed on the other
side as a candidate for the Speaker's chair. It
comes in the shape of a letter from Mr. Edwin B.
Morgan, of New York, which purports to ex-
plain the circumstances under which the name of
