1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
197
the gentleman who is the candidate was given to
this circular. He says:
Auhora, December P, 1859.
My dca.r Sir : I have, within the last few moments,
observed in the New York papers your remarks m the House
to this cfloct: " That you had no recollection of cvci having
signed the recommendation of Helper's book " The facts
are these, and you may recollect them: I called at your
seat duimg the session, while you were much engaged, and
lequested your signatuic. Youi leply was, "That you had
ncvet seen the work—knew nothing of it. If you gave
your name it wrould be to oblige me, and entirely upon the
confidence you reposed m me that it was all right." * A
Very truly yours, EDWIN IL MORGAN.
IIon. John Sherman. *
I am not so skeptical, sir, as to deny to the gen-
tleman, [Mr. Sherman,] and all the unfortunate
gentlemen whose names appear as the indorsers
of the Helper hook, the benefit of their plea of
ignorance. Indeed, without relief to them, 1 may
conccde to them ignorance of their act and of its
consequences. Wc arc now, sir, at too late a
period of civilization to receive ignorance as a
justification of crime, or to seriously argue that
innocence of felonious intent can ever restore the
bereft life.
Why, sir, with that concession of ignorance it
seems to me that gentlemen are still burdened
with the responsibility of the events which have
manifestly resulted from it. Where have we ever
heard that the grossest individual negligence,
either of principal or of agent, was any defense
against the consequences of his act? In what
court of law would such a plea be received, or for
one instant entertained? Yet here the circum-
stances warrant not even the defense which at-
taches to individuals. In their official capacity the
Representatives of the Republican party placed
their names—without reflection, if you phvise—
to doctrines of on incendiary, ruinous, and de-
structive character. The plea that they were un-
aware of the nature of their act is no shield against
the just indignation of those who have sullered
by it.
"Why, Mr. Clerk, do you not reflect that these
gentlemen signed that recommendation, not m their
respective individual capacities,but in their official
character? They signed it as Representatives
upon the floor of Congress, authorized to cnnct
laws and to propound the principles and to take the
positions for the Government and direction of the
party of which they are members. I am afraid
that it has not been considered that these gentle-
men were the Representatives on tins floor of over
six million people of the North, and that they
were sent here by the positive substantive votes
of those who repieseut more than three million
of those same people ? These are truths which it
behooves us to consider. They enhance the hein-
ousness of the offense, and increase its responsi-
bility. In my opinion, then, is the Republican
party to be held, in strict truth and stern integrity,
before the country responsible for these events,
which are clearly traceable to their acts, to the
speech of Wii.liam H. Seward, at Rochester,
and to the circular to which their names wei e ap-
pended in recommendation of the Helper book.
Mr. Clerk, it was not my intention to have ad-
dressed the House at this length while presenting
the views^ which I have thus endeavored to en-
force. Rut, having accomplished my task, 1 am
satisfied as with a duty performed. 1 have shown
that the responsibility of ruinous doctrines, and
their consequent results, belongs to the Republi-
can party, and the people will perceive and attach
to them the importance which thry deserve. We
here on this side of the House will ever maintain
the principles that have always been proclaimed
by the Democratic party. We stand by the laws
of the land and upon its Constitution. We will
respect its checks; we will observe its compro-
mises; we will defend it against assault always
and everywhere, from whatever quarter it may
proceed. Gentlemen at the South have declared
themselves m readiness for secession. We at the
North deprecate the necessity, and will reprobate
the occurrences which precipitate the effort.
Whatever may be the- suifeiing, politically, en-
dured by the southern States, they receive the
assurance of our earnest sympathy. They con
endure no hardship of which we will not wil-
lingly partake; nor can we enjoy prosperity which
they shall not share. We are one m interest,
one in lineage, one m faith. The same organic
law shields and one equal power protects us all.
Such is the language of the Democracy of the
North to the Democracy of the .South. Though
attached to our own local customs, we will re-
spect those of yours, opposed though they are to
our habits and usages; and whenever your rights,
secured by our common Constitution, are threat-
ened or invaded, ten thousand northern swords
will flame for their defense, and northern bayo-
nets will bristle upon southern plains in protec-
tion of southern rights.
Let us not, then,"despair of the Union. Under
its influence has been created an American civil-
ization, whose progress disunion alone can arrest.
Mightier conquests than any the world has yet
seen await our career. The whole boundless
continent is ours, which to occupy, to cultivate,
and enjoy. The Union preserved, and where its
limit, cither of expansion or duiation, that mind
can prescribe? May our eyes nen or look upon the
Union dissolved. When the last sun shall revolve
to his setting, then, and only then, may it be
that this mightiest of Republics shall decline uud
fall.
Mr. DAVIDSON obtained the floor; but yield-
ed to
Mr. KILGORE, who moved that the House
proceed to vote for Speaker.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I move, first, that there be
.a call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk called the roll; and it was announced
that no gentlemen were absent except those here-
tofore absent or paired. The names of the ab*
sentees were entered upon the Journal, as follows:
Messis. Ashleyj Brown, Clark B. Cochrane,
Jenkins, Landrijm, Millwaru, and >Stail-
WORTII.
Mr. CLEMENS said that he had paired with
Mr. Amiixy until Fuday next, at twelve o 'clock.
Mr. TAYLOR announced that for this vote jt
had been agreed thai Mr. who was
present, should vote, and thai Mr. Landrtm
should be considered as paired with Mr. Ashley.
Mr. Kit.gore's motion was ogreed to; and it
was accordingly ordered that another vote for
Speaker be taken.
I'OniTEENTH "BALLOT FOR SPEAKER.
The House proceeded to a fourteenth ballot for
Speaker, with the following result: Whole num-
ber of votes cast, 2^8; necessary to a choice, 115:
of which—
Mr. Sherman jecpived Ill
Mi. Boteler  39
Mr. Met Semand  21
Mi. Baiksdale  15
Mr. Boeoek  8
Mr. John (J. Davi- v  8
Mr. Tayloi  6
Mr. McQueen  3
Mr. Wiight  3
Mr. Houston  3
Mr. Mayisard  2
Mr. Gihncr  -2
Mr. Horace F. Claik   -J
Mi. Push  i
Mr. Jleagan  1
Mr Wnihiow  I
Mt. Burnett  1
Mr. IJawkin.-  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
j For Mi. Sherman—Chailoa F Adam«. Aldiich,
! I Alley, Babbitt, Beak', Bingham, Biair, Blake, Uiaylon, Bui-
i tinton, Bu> lingnmc, Bmniiam, Bmroughs. Butteihcld,
j| Campbell. Caiey. C.utej, Case, Coltnx, Conklmg, Convin,
jjCovode, Cuil's. Dawes, Delano, Duel!, Dunn, Etlseuon,
^Edwards. Khot, Ely, Fc'iiv-v,ouU Fenton. Feriy, Foster,
Jj Ftank, Fiencli, Good).Gmham,Gtow,Guilev, Hale, Hall,
jl lias-kin, IJehn.ck. Hickman, Hoard, Ilumphiey. Hutching
i i ii vine, Junkiu, I' W- Kellogg, William Kellogg. Ken-
's yon, Kilgoie, Ktlhnger, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Long-
!I ueckei, Looniirf, Lovcjoy. M.uston, McK<an, McKnigbt,
McPhei-on, Mooihi;ad-MomIl}Ed'v.ird Jo\ Morns,Moij-e,
Nixon, Ohm Palmei. Pemnngion. Pony. Pettit, Portal, Pot-
ter, Pottle. Riee, f'iutophci Robinson, Royee, Schwastz,
Scianlon, Hedgwii- k. Some?, Spanidm^, ^pmnci. Stanton,
Stevens, Wiiham Stewart,' Snaiton, Tappan, Thames.
Theakei. Toinpkins. Train, Tumble, \ andever. Van
Wyek, Veirce, Wade, Waldnm, Walton. Cndwalader O.
Washburn, Elhhu B. Washbnrnc. Kr.n-1 Wa-hhurn. Wells,
WiLon, Wmdem, Wood, and Woodmfl
For Mr. Botclcr—Mes-sib.Gieen Adams William ('.An-
derson. Bouligny, Ihub-011, Bugs--. Bri^tow, CJopn-n, Ct.nv-
ford,C'uir>, Do Jarnctt^, Garnett, Gaifteil, Gilmes, Ilnrdo-
man, J. Morn>on llai n.~. John T. Han is, HatUm. Hawkins.
Hill, Jackson, Jones. Kent, Janu>M. Leai. h, Leake, Love.
Malloiy, Elbeit S. Martin, Maynaid, Lab;m T. Moose. Syd-
enham Moore, Nel:-on, Pivor, Uunile^, Wiiham Smith.
William N. H. Smith, Stokes-, Cndercvoort, Wcbstei, and
Woodson,
For Mr. McClernand—Messrs. Alien. Barrett, Cox, James
Craig, Fouke. Hamilton, Houston, Howaid, Lairabee, Lo
gan, Charles D. Maitm, Ibaae N. Mofri&, Noel!, Pendleton,
Peyton, Reagan, .Tame* 0. Robinson, Sickles, Taylor,.'Vat-
Jandighamj and \Vm?low.
For Mr. Barksdalc—Messrs. Avery, Bocock, Boyce,
Bianch, Reuben Davis, Dimmick. Florence, Lamar, Ma~
clay, McBae, Scott, Singleton, Stout,Thomas, and Wright,
For Mr. Bocock—Messrs. Burch, Burton CraJge, David-
son, Edinunds.on, Pliudman, lIolman,Kual«el, and ItufRn.
For Mr. John C-. Dcrms—Messrs. Ad rain, Barr, Horace F.
Clark, Cooper, McClernand, Montgomery, and Rigg^,
For Mr. Taylor—Messrs. Ashmore, Clemens, John Coch-
rane, Hughes, James A. Stewart, and Vance.
For Mr. Mc Queen—Messrs. Bonhara, Miles, and Pugh.
For Mr. Wright—Messrs. Barksdale, Burnett, and Ste-
venson.
For Mr. Houston—Messrs. Cobb, English, and Niblack.
For Mr. Maynard—Messrs. Thomas L. Anderson and
Botelcr.
For Mr. Gilmer— Messrs. II. Winter Davis and Ether-
idgo.
For Mr. Horace F. Clark—Messrs. John G. Davis and
Reynold^.
For Mr. Pu^h—Mi Me Clue on.
Foi Mr. Reagan—Mr. Million.
For Mr. TK«tslou.—Mi. Phelps.
For Mi. ]>innctt—Mi. Sniims.
For Mr. Hawkins—Mr. Whitcley.
On motion of Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, it was
ordered that the House proceed to take another
vote for Speaker.
FIFTEENTH BALLOT tfOR SPEAKER.
The House proceeded to a fifteenth ballot for
Speaker, with the following result: "Whole num-
ber of votes, necessary to a choice, 114; of
which—
Mr. Sherman received 110
Mi. Bolder  43
Mi. McCleui.md..r.  25
Mr John (1. Davis  14
Mr. B.nk daie  JO
Mr. bocock   7
Mi. MeQucen    3
Mi. Pneip-  2
Mi Gtlmei  y
M!,T.i\!0!  2
Mi av;.I\  i
Mi. M.nnaid  1
Mi. C:.i\\hud  1
Ah Houston  1
Mi. McR«i"  1
Mi. J;\m<'.> A. St-'wait  1
Mi. l'c vton  1
Mr. Hoi ;iee F Chuk  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr Sherman—Me^sis. Charles F. Adams, Aklrich,
Alley, Babbitt, Bealc, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brayton,
Buthnton, Ijurlmgamc, Burnhain, Barroughs, Butterfield,
('ampbe)l, Carey, Carter, Case, Colfax, Colliding, Corwin,
Covodc, Curtis, Dawes, Delano, Duel!, Dunn, Edgerton,
Edward-, Eliot, Ely. Farnswortlu Fenton, Ferry, Foster,
I'Vank, Fiencli, Gooch, Graham, Grow, Curlcy, Hale,Hall,
llaskm, Hclmiclc, Hickman, Hoard, Humphrey, Hutchms,
Irvine, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kci\-
v >rj,Kilgorc Killingcr. DeWitt C. Leach,Lee, Longncckcr,
Looim?, Lovcjoy, Marston, McKean, McKnight, McPher-
son,Mooihcad,Monill, Edward Joy Morris,Morse,Nixon,
Olin, Palmer, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Porter, Potter, Pot-
tle, Rice, Christopher Itobmson, ltoyce, Schwartz, Scran-
ton, Sedgwick, Some«, Spanlding, Spinner, Stanton, Ste-
vens, William Stewait, St ration, Tappan, Thayer, Theaker,
Tompkins, Tram,TrimbldjVandevcr, Vcirce, W:kIc, Wal-
droji, Walton, Cadwaladcr C. Washburn, EIlihuB. Wash-
biune. Tferael Wa&hhurn, Weils, Wilson, Windom, Wood,
and Woodruff.
For Mr. Botclcr—Messis. Green Adams, Thomas L. An-
derson, William Anderson, Bonham, Bouligny, Brab-
«o0n, Uns-tow, Clopton, Crawford, Cuiry, De Jarnette, Gar-
net, Gartieil, Gilmer, Hardeman, John T. Harris, J. Mor-
rison Harris, Hatton, Hill, Jackson, Jones, Keitt, Lamar,
Jaine^ M. Leach. Leake,Love. Maitory, Elbert S. MaiUn,
Maynard, Miles, Sydenham Moore, La'ban T. Mooie, ISel
{•on, Piyor. Uuaiics, William Smith, William N. H. Smith.
Stoke«, Undeiwood, Vance, Webster, and Woodson.
For Mr. McClernand—Messrs. Allen, Barrett, Bocock,
Cox, Jame£< Ciaig, Davidson, Ueabeji Davis,' English,
Fouke, Hamilton, lion-ton. Utm'aid, Logan, Charles D
Martin, MilNon, Isaac N Morns, Niblack, Noel!, Pemlic
ton, Peyton, Rengrju. Janice C. Robinson. Taylor, Vallan-
diglinm, and Win- Uu\.
For Mr. John O D'tvU—Meters. Ad ram, Barr, Horace F.
Clark, Coopei. Dimmick, Florence, Hawkins, Larrabce,
M.iel.iy, McCi'ein.md, Montgomery, Iteynolds, Itiggs, and
Stout.
For Mr. JiarHdnlc—Messrs. Avery, Burcli, Burnett,
Scott, Sickles. Singleton, Stevenson, James A. Stewart,
Thomas, and Wrigut
For Mr Ziccock—'Me^z. John Cochrane, Burton Cralge,
Edmund^m, llmrhnan, Ilolman. Kunkel, and Ruftin.
For Mr. McQueen—Messrs. Boyce, Mcltae, and Pugh.
For Mr Phelps—Messrs. John H Claik and Whitelcy.
For Mr. Gilmer—Messrs. II. Winter Davis and Ether-
idgf>.
For Mr. Taylor—Mc^r--. Ashmoie and Ilughe3.
For Mr. Ji-, ny—Mr. Bark'-dale.
For Mr Maynard—Mi. Botclcr.
For Mr. Cravford—Ms. Uiench.
For Mr. llnixton—Mr. Cobb.
For Mr. McRnc—Mr. McQueen.
For Mr Jomen Ji. Sicvart—Mr. Phelps.
For Mr. I'cyton—Mr Siu)n>&.
For Mr. Jloracc F Clark—Mr. John G. Davis.
During this vote,
Mr ENGLISH said that he had voted for Mr.
