3106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
1820 meets with opposition, because it is believed'
by many, ah^ myself among them, to be uncon-
stitutional. With the laws for the prohibition of
the African slave trade, which preexisted that, you
can find jutics anywhere to convict. My judg-
ment is, that a well-informed judge of a circuit
court that should go into any^ort of the United
States to try for the infraction'of the slave-trade
laws, would rather rest his case upon the laws
which preceded than that which declared it to be
piracy.
But, sir, I go further. I say that humanity had
nothing to do with the declaration against the con-
tinuance of the slave trade. If we had considered
the purposes of humanity alone, we should have
continued it indefinitely. As to the interest of the
African, it is his interest to be brought from a bar-
barian master and turned over to such Christian
government as he wiilfind in this country. Cared
for in all Ins physical wants, cultivated to as high
an intellectual standard as he can reach, he has
attained, in the condition of slavery in the United
States an elevation which that race has had no-
where else, and from which they commence to
descend as soon as they are left to themselves; for
it will be recollected that the colony of Liberia
has been formed by those Africans that had been
trained in this country and taken for their peculiar
food qualities. A master dying, with a large num-
er of slaves, selected, say twenty or a hundred
of those who had been most true to him; of those
who he believed were most able to take care of
themselves;emancipated them, and provided them
the means to go and make a settlement in the col-
ony of Liberia. Mississippi has done more in
this regard than any State in the Union. And yet,
sir, these slaves, thus trained and thus selected
from the mass of their class, have been known to
be regularly retrogradingfrom the time they landed
on the coast. But one colony is said to have been
able to provide for itself, and that was a colony
of negroes whom 1 knew well—their master a man
of remarkable accomplishments, who had trained
them to the highest grade, peihaps, to which they
could attain, and left it to them, as his last lequest,
that they should adhere together, remain a band
wherever they went, make a common fortune with
each other; and by this adherence together and
this refusal to mingle with negroes brought from
other places, and thus alone, have they been able
to maintain themselves.
I say, then, sir, it was not humanity, but it was
policy. We did not choose that our country
should be overrun with the African race. We
chose that the white men should own this coun-
try; that the negroes be permitted as laborers
among them to such numbers as the interests and
wishes of the whites might dictate; but that pol-
icy required that the trade should he closed, be-
cause we believed we had already obtained nearly
as many as it was desirable to have, and that we
would guard against the future by preventing that
influx which avarice might dictate. It was, there-
fore, policy, and sound'policy, which, for one, I
have no disposition to discontinue.
Now I proceed to consider the remarks which
were made about acquittals by juries. Where a
man is arraigned and put on trial for his life for
that which the jury does not consider a crime
against the laws of nature, the leaning is apt to
be in favor of the prisoner. A law which, in the
minds of men, transcends the degree of the offense
will always find in the breast of the jury a desire
to acquit; and therefore the Senator from New
York admitted this morning that there never had
been a conviction under that law. I do not believe
there ever will be; for the moment you got out of
the region where men consider it no offense to
buy an African slave and sell him to another,you
get into the region whore sentimentality has run
ahead of common sense, and where you may
easily cmpannel a jury that will decide that a
man's life should not be sacrificed for any crime.
This sentimentality has gone to the extent that a
man ia not allowed to be executed for killing his
brother. Will such juries, then, execute a man
because he is engaged in a trade older than hu-
man history?
With this view of the case, gentlemen will not
be surprised when I say to them that I am in fa-
vor of giving notice and annulling that clause of
the tYvfity which requires us to keep a squadron
on the coast of Africa. It was our policy not to I
slaves to fce imported into the United States, ]
and oui laws followed our policy. So far, so
good. Let us execute them; let us not allow slaves
to be imported into the United States; but what
business have we with the domestic policy of
other countries? What light have we to say
whether Spain shall import Africans into her col-
onies or not? What right have we to say what
trade may exist between the coast of Brazil and
the coast of Africa? We never had any right
thus to interfere; and it was but following in the
footsteps, and in obedience to the demands of
Groat Britain, in 1814 and 1815, that we ever be-
came thus involved in such a policy. It was an
abandonment of the right which we had asserted
and maintained, to repel every claim to visit Amer-
ican vessels and to search vessels bearing our
flag,whcn-in 1842 we agreed that if Great Britain
would not visit and search our ships on the coast
of Africa, we would keep a squadron of eighty
guns there to execute her laws; thus tamely sur-
rendering to Gieat Britain her right to hold the
police of the seas. Prance had a simitar treaty.
Prance, however, with that logic which belongs
peculiarly to the French mind, soon reached the
conclusion that it was an alliance which was un-
favorable to her and not respectful to her dignity
as a nation. Her treaty ran, ten years and re-
newal. At the expiration of the ten years, she
would not renew it; and France now keeps no
vessel on the coast of Africa, as she has declared,
save for the protection of her own commeice
against the insults and intcrfei cnceofGreatBiitain.
That is the policy which I would puisne. In-
stead of building little cock-boats, and sending
them to prowl around the rivers and hunt up the
barracoons, I would send frigates or ships of the
line worthy to vindicate the right of tin- Ameri-
can Hag and to teach Great Britain what our con-
struction is of the right of visitation and search.
If a man fits out his vessel to engage in an illicit
trade between Africa and Cuba, lie does it at his
risk against the laws of other countries, but he
commits no infraction of any law which I con-
sider it our duty to enact. It is our duty to enact
laws to prevent tin; introduction of Africans into
the United States,and there I think our duty term-
inates.
That this opinion is not exclusively American,
and certainly not mine, I will cite British author-
ity to sustain the same view, and from the best
minds of England. In 1845 and 1846, the then
Lord Stanley, and since Karl of Derby, on the
question of the recruitment of Africans ''was able
to resist it simply on the gtound that it was pre-
mature, and might excite the suspicions of the
Powers which were engaged with England in the
suppression of the slave trade." It was at that
time, in 1846, that Mr. Hume proposed the sup-
pression of the squadrons on the coast of Africa,
" which had been found so utterly inefficient m
stopping the slave trade, and the organization of
a system of ransom, which might break down the
traffic m the places where it was carried on. *' Sir
Robert Peel sustained Mr. Hume, saying, "give
all the encouragement in your power to the im-
migration of laborcis, and pay no attention to
imputations which you know to be unfounded."
This is extracted from the Revue des Deux Mon les,
of the 1st of January, 1858, page 96. The State
of Rhode Island sent a memorial to Congress in
1851, and I shall read two paragraphs from that;
and here I will say that the first name upon that
memorial is that of the honorable Senator from
Rhode island, the then Governor of the State,
Hon. Henry B. Anthony. This memorial says:
" We would lespectfully remind you that all attempts to
suppicss thi* diabolical traffic tlnough force of nuns Imve
ever signally failed, and that the blockade ot the slave
coasts by the fleets of Gieat Bntain,the United States, and
France combined, at an expense of more than one luindicd
million dollar* and the saeitfico of man> lives, has resulted
in a great aggravation of the evil, instead of promoting its
suppiession."
They further state:
"We would respectfully lefer you to a fact which has
now become unquestionable, established as such by the
results of expeitcnee, that that part ot the western coast of
Africa which ever his been and is now nequented by ha-
vers cannot be settled by whites ; the climate being deadly
to their constitution, though fuendly to that of the coloied
man."
The memorial then states as its remedy the
colonization of the coast of Africa by the colored
race—free negroes of the United States; and refers
to the colony of Liberia as having broken up the
slave trade throughout the extent of its coast.
Then, sir, on the very best authority of Eng-
land, and on a memorial presented by a State of
our Union, we find that the policy has failed,and
the conclusion announced, as resulting from the
experiyncc which Was offered, that all attempts by
force were futile and hud better be abandoned, and
it was the sacrifice of the lives of our seamen and
only helped to increase the trade itself. If it has
not diminished the trade in numbers, it has in-
creased it in severity. The slave-trader now lies
in wait until the cruisers are out of sight. When
the signal fires inform him that he can then bring
from the barracoons to his vessel the number of
slaves on which he has previously agreed, they
are shipped in the night, and in the morning he is
gone from the coast, and the only chance is for
the cruiser to pursue him and capture him on the
high seas. The system of cruisers along the coast,
coupled as it is with the frequent necessity of
withdrawing them, going off from stations where
they watch the barracoons, to others where they
take in water—for it is not at everyplace that they
dare; take it in, the health of the crew requiring
them not to take in water at the mouths of par-
ticular rivers—leaves opportunities, which oppor-
tunities the profits of the trade have been able thus
far always to make available to those who engage
in it. Each country, and each country for itself,
must execute those laws which break down the
trade.
There is now on the facc of the globe but one
country in which the trade is carried on, that be-
ing the colonies of Spain, consistingof the islands
of Cuba and Porto Rico. The LondonTimes, some
years ago, referred to this, and, in what seemed
to be at least a semi-official article, indicated it as
the policy of those who really desired to break up
the slave trade, that they should aid in the trans-
fer of these islands to the United States, the ac-
quisition of the islands being cotemporancously
the termination of the trade with every pai t of the
world, for already it had been closed by the legis-
lation of Brazil, which though it had been block-
aded by the English fleets, had carried on the
trade until an appeal was made from the Govern-
ment to the people, and legislation was then ob-
tained, and the Brazil slave trade ceased, ceased
immediately on the enactment of the law by Brazil,
which never had been checked by the interference
of foreign Governments. InCubaand Porto Rico,
so far as I am informed, alone does the African
slave trade, eo nomine, now exist.
Hut there is something far worse; there is some-
thing which couples with that trade not only hy-
poci isy of the deeptst dye, but the subiugation of
a race which was never designed for that condi-
tion—the eooly—and the number of these which
has been imported has increased, step by step,
with each revolving year, since in the tropical col-
onics the British lost the African labor which was
suited to them. I find, for instance, m the parlia-
mentary papers, that, from 1847 to 1850, there had
been introduced into the West Indies forty-seven
thousand and sixty immigiants and liberated Af-
ricans, and into the Mauritius, ninety-seven thou-
sand five hundred and forty-two, of whom the
greater part were from the East Indies. These
documents disclosed the horrible sufferings at-
tendant on the transportation of the coolies, and an
official report, in speaking of the mortality on
board a British transport ship, says:
u Of five hundied embaiked, only two hundred and two
were landed
and of another, that—
One hundred and tea died by natural death and sui-
cidc."
It adds:
" What if it turns out that these were cargoes of veritable
■slaves, eaptmed 01 kidnapped in the Bay of Bengal and the
Hay of I long Kong, instead uf the Bight of Benin oi Mozam-
bique channel, and conveyed in British ships to the maikets
of Havana.5'
From fourteen to fifteen per cent, of mortality
on board the ships is represented to be the most
favorable, beingthatof the British licensed ships.
What it is on the other is unknown, but it is cer-
tainly to be assumed that it is much greater.
Between 1834 and 1836, on the same authority,
the parliamentary papers, it appears that not fewer
than one hundred and seventy thousand coolies
had been conveyed to the Mauritius; and, in 1856,
no fewer than one hundred and thirty-four thou-
sand remained. What, then, becomes of the hol-
low plea that they are apprenticed for a few years,
