198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
Davidsokt, but finding that Mr. McClernand had
received more votes than any one else on that side
of the House, he changed his vote for the latter
gentleman.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move that the House
proceed to another vote.
Mr. BRIGGS. Why protract the ballotings
while every gentleman knows that the result will
be the same ? I move [three o 'clock and forty-
five minutes] that the House do now adjourn.
[Cries of " Another vote!"]
The motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Winslow; and being put, it was decided in the
affirmative.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I believe the Clerk
has not yet announced whether the House has
determined to take another vote. I would like
to address the House, but not this evening. [Cries
of "Another vote!"] 1 have 110 objection to
taking another vote, and I will address the House
in the morning.
SIXTEENTH BALLOT FOR SPEAKER.
The House proceeded to a sixteenth ballot for
Speaker, with the following result: Whole num-
ber of votes cast, 223; necessary to a choice, 112;
of which—
Mr. Sheiman received 109
Mr. Boteli'r 38
Mr. McCleinand  28
Mr. John G. Davis  7
Mr. Houston -  7
Mr. Ooeock  G
Mr. Barksriale  5
Mr. Maclay  4
Mr. Stevenson  4
Mr. Tayloi  2
Mv. Vallatuhgham 
Mr. Gilmer  2
Mi. Burton Craige  1
Mr. Mallory  1
Mr. Thomas L. Anderson  1'
Mr. VVnglit  1
Mr. Leake  1
Mr. CJopton  1
Mr. McUucon  1
Mr. JMh-||h  1
Mi. floiaco F. Ckuk    1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. hkcrman—Messrs. Charles F. Adam-?, Aldueh,
Alloy, Babbitt, Bealc, Bingham, Bl.ur, Blake. Bravton,
BuHinton, Butlingame, Bumham, Bmioiurhs, Butrcrlkld,
Campbell, Caiey, Carter, Case, Collax, Conkhng, Convin,
Covode, Curtis, Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edgeiton,
Ertwaidx, Eliot, Ely, F.unswoith, Fenton, Funy, Foster,
Fiank, Fiench, Gooeh,Gtahain,Grow,Gurlcy, Hale,Hall,
Ifciskin, llehmck, Hoard, Humphrey, Iluichuis, Iivinc,
Junkiu, Pianeis W. Kollogg, William Kellogg, Kenjon,
Kilgore, lulimgcr, DeWitt C. Loach, Lee, Longneckei,
Loomis, Lovejoy, Marston, MeKean, McKnight, MePhoi-
son, Mooitioadj Momll,Edwaul Joy Mori is Mor.se, Nixon,
Olm, Palmer, Pomnnglon, Pony, Pettir, I'oitof, Potti-r,
Pottle, Rio\ Cluntopher Bolu'ison, Uoyee, Sehwnilx,
Scianlon, Sodirwiek, Sp®uii!ing, Spinner, Stanton,
Wiioaisi Htrwaii, Ho uilou, T.ippau, Th.iyci,
Thcakei. Tompkins, Ti.im, Ti nb:e, Yandowi. Vrnro,
Wade, WVdro.i, Walton, Cadv al-ni-T C Washburn. F.l-
him J5. \\~,\ !iiiu'?ie, i-iad \V ->li''Uin, \Ve]J>, Wil-on,
Wllllio.'; Uitd \VrH)(I.U<l
For j)h Hot do i—AL'-sis. Gi.cn Adam-, Thomas fi.
Andei-oii, William C. Audoj "ii. A.-limurc, Bouhguy,
"Brahsoii, nujrg^ Bi^tou, (.'iopl «i, Ciawlo.d, J)c .luiru'lk',
Gurnctt, (iailtol!, Climes, Hmdt mjiii, .1. Moiii-on Hams,
John 'J'. Ham •, Hat ion, Huvvkin . 11:11, Joiuv, K'-itt, Leake,
Love, Mulioiv, Maynard, Milo-, lai'nn T. MoojO, S\dcn-
I'ain Aliioie, N-'Um, Piyoi, Unuiie-, Uiiljam Smith,*YViI
ham .V. II Smith,Stokes \ anc,\ WelKei.aiul Wood.-on
For Mi 3f( demand—Mo -ms Allen, Bai relf, John Coeh-
i.ine, C'o\, Jamo Ciatg, David^u, FaigliHi, Fioicneo,
F«uiki', Hamilton, Hnlm.'n, ilowaid, f.nnabro. .Tame* \f
Leads, Logan, .Maclay, Cluulcs 1>. Martin, Million, l^aae
X. .Monj;, Aihlack, \ocJl. Pendleton, Reagan, James C.
Kobm.-on. Sickle-, Ta\ ioi, Vallamhirhiun, ami Wm.-low.
Foi Mr. John G Duvk—Mox-h. .\(ham, Ban, Jloiaee
F dark, Coopei, Montyorxi >iv. ami Stout.
For illr. Houston — Mf^is ii.H'ock, Burnett, Cnbh,
Can v. M^Clemandj Phoip^. and St'-vei^on
Foi Mr Borork—Mes^is. Button Ciaur<\ lUuiben Da\is,
Edmumlson, Ilmdman, Uuflln. sind Thomas
For Mr Bar/adate-'SlO'Mi-. Jiuich. Jackson, SVolt, Sin-
<;{eton3 and Wiiglit.
'<'or Mi Maclay—Messrs Baric-da'", Kunkcl, MeUae,
and \Viiueln\.
For iUr Stevenson—Bnu-e, Houston, P('\ton,
and Simms.
For Mr. Taylor—Boniiam and Hughes.
Foi Mr Valluudizhatu—Mcssi*. Bianch and Uudorwood.
Foi Mi. Burton Cn.)^c—Mr. Avery.
For Mr. Mallory—Mi Boteler.
For Mr J'komao L. ^Inderaon—Mr John B. Clark.
For Mi Ci/7,ici Mf ^-r-. II Wiutoi Davis and Ethoudgo.
For Mr. Uliith!—?4r. Lamar
For Mi Lc:Ue—Mi • Eiheit S. Mai tin.
For Mr. Clo;>fon—>h Me(imen.
Vot Mr. 3f- Qucc,i—Mr. Pu'jh
For Mr Phelps—Mr. Jame- A. Stewart.
For Mr Horace F. dork—Mr. John G. Davi>.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. FLORENCE stated that Mr. Dimmick had
paired off with Mr. Hickman.
The result having been announced,
On motion of Mr. WHITELEY, (at twenty
minutes past four o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 21, 1859.
Mr. Johnson, of Arkansas, appcard in his seat.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. P. D. Gurley,
D. D.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
NOTICES QV BILLS.
Mr. IYERSON gave notice of hia intention to
ask leave to introduce the following bills:
A bill to amend the act establishing- a Court of
Claims; and
A bill to change and regulate the mode of ap-
pointing cadets of the Military Academy at West
Point, and for other purposes.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
Mr. FOOT. I ask leave to withdraw from the
files of the Secretary's office the papers m the case
of Sarah W. Halsey, for the purpose of being
laid before the Pension Office.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Such will be
regarded as the order of the Senate unless ob-
jected to.
Mr. BROWN. I ask leave to withdraw the
papers in the case of Adolphus Claoveekn and
George P. Stiles from the files of the Senate. 1
will state, in explanation, that they were referred
at the last session, and not acted on by the com-
mittee.
1 also ask leave to withdraw the papers in the
case of Hall Neilson from the files of the Senate.
In this case, during the last session, the papers
were referred, and reported against. The peti-
tioner says that he has new testimony, which will,
in all probability, change the views of the com-
mittee. I ask that all these papers lie on the
table, for the present, to be referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims hereafter.
It was so ordered.
P.ILTS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BAYARD, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, apked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 2) concerning the administration of jus-
tice in criminal cases; which was read twice by lis
title, and ordered to lie on the table for the present.
He also,in pursuance of previousnotice,asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 6)
concerning' seamen; which was read twice by its
title, and ordered to ho on the table.
He also, m pursuance of previous notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 3)
to oiii^nd an act eutith d <k An aef to regulate the
earna^1 of pa.s^eni'vrs in steamships or other ves-
sf Is," approved March 3, 1855; which was read
twice by its title, and ordered to lie on the table.
Ho also, in pursuance of previous notice, asked
and obfamed leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 5)
to supply vacancies m certain offices; which was
read twice by its title, and ordered to lie on the
table.
He also, in pursuance of picvious notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 4)
concerning appeals andwritsof error; which was
road twice by its title, and ordered to lie on the table.
EXJXtmVE ,SE8SI0X.
Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the [Tinted States, by Mr. James
fJuciiANAN, jr., his Sr^utaiy.
i Mr. DAVIS. Are the messages of an ox>'cu-
• live character?
j The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They are ox-
| cent ive m their character.
; Mr. DAVIS. 1 move that the Senate proceed
I to the consideration of executive business.
! The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
j ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
j after some tune spent therein, the doors were re-
opened.
COMJHLI'TEES OE TILE ^1'LXATE.
Mr. BRIGHT. I ofTor for adoption the following
order, with the remark that it will require unani-
mous consent to carry out the order.
Ordered, That the chairmen and members of the stand-
ing committees of the Senate be appointed and arranged
as follows, viz:
On Foreign Relations—Messrs. Mason, (chairman,)
Douglas, Slidell, Polk, Crittenden, Seward, and Sumner.
• On Finance—Messrs. Hunter, (chairman,) Pearcc, Gwin,
Bright, Hammond, Fessenden, and Cameron.
On Commerce—Messrs. Clay,(chairman,)Bigler,Toombs,
Clingman, Saulsbnry, Hamlin, and Chandler.
On Military Affairs and Militia—Messrs. Davis, (chair-
man,) Fitzpatrick, Johnson of Arkansas, Chesnut, Lane,
Wilson, and King.
On Naval Jljfairs—Messrs. Malloiy, (chairman,) Thom-
son, Slidell, Hammond, NichoUon, Hale, and Anthony.
On the Judiciary—Messis. Bavard, (chairman,) Pugh,
Benjamin, Gieen_, Powell, Tiumbull, and Foster.
OnthePoU Office and PodRoctds—Messrs. Yulpe, (chair-
man,) Gwin, Rice, Bright, Wigfall, Hale, and Dixon.
On Public Lands—Messrs. Johnson of Aikansas, (chair-
man,) Push, Johnson of Tennessee, Lane, Bragg, Harlan,
and Bmgliam.
On Private Land Claims—Messrs. Benjamin, (chairman,)
Polk, Wigfall, Grimes, and Ton Eyck.
OnlndianJlffairs—Messrs. Sebastian, (chairman,) Fitch,
liicc, Hemphill, Haun, Doolittlc, and Clark.
OnPemiom—Messrs.Thomson, (chanman,) Clay,£au).--
bury, Powell, Duikee, Harlan, and Gi lines.
On Revolutionary Claims—Messrs. Toombs, (chanmon.)
Crittenden, Nicholson, Durkee, and Ten Ejck.
On Claims—Messrs. Ivcu;on, (chairman,) Mallory, Bragg,
Simmons, and Foot.
Onthc District of Columbia—Messis. Brown, (chairman.)
Mason, Johnson of Tennessee, Yuiee, Kenned}, Hamlin,
and Wils-on.
On Patents and the Patent Office—Messrs Bigler, (chair-
man,) Thomson, Hemplnll, Simmon^, and Trumbull.
On Pvblio Buildings and Grounds—Messrs. Blight, (chair-
man,) Davis, Kennedy, Claik, and Doohttle.
On Territories—Messrs. Green, (chairman.) Douglas, Se-
bastian, Fitzpatuek, Haun. Collamci, and Wade.
To Audit and Control the Contingent Expense1} of the
Senate— Messu\ Johnr-on of Tennessee, (chairman,) Fow-
c IU and Di^on
On Pr.iUun(—Messis. Fitch, (chaiiman,) Davis, and An-
thonj
On Engrossed Bills—Messrs. Lane, (ehauman,) Biglct,
and IlaUan.
On Enrolled Bills—Messrs. Haun, (chairman.) Saul--
bmv, and Bingham.
On the Library—Messrs. Peaice, (chairman,) Bayard, and
Collainei.
Mr. HAML.IN. Mr. President, I do not in-
terpose any objection to the consideration of 'he
order which the Senator from Indiana has inlio-
ducrd; but I ask for the yeas and nays on its
adoption.
Thu PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent for the consideration of the
order. The Chair hears no objection. The ques-
tion now is on the adoption of the order, upon
which the yeas and nays arc asked for.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Wisconsin
[Mr. Dooljttle] is necessarily absent from at-
tendance on the Senate, and asked mo to pair off
with him. I acceded to his proposition, ana there-
fore cannot vote.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 31, nnys 19; as follows:
YKAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Rigler. Bragg, Ri i<rht,
Blown, Chesnut, Clingman, Cnttenden, Fitch, Fi'tzpatriek,
Giecn, Gwin. Ilaun, Hemphill, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson
of Aikansas, John&on of Tennessee, Malloiy, Mason, Nich-
olson, Pearcc, Powell, Rice, Saul&bury, Sebastian, Slidell,
Thomson, Toombs, and Yulce—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Camcion, Clark,
Collamer, Dixon, Duikeo, Fessenden, Foot, Foster,Grimes,
Hale, Hamhn, Harlan, King, Pugh, Simmons, Tiumbull,
and Wade—19. *
So the order proposed by Mr. Bright was
agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. RICE. I rise, Mr. President, for the pur-
pose of making a personal explanation. I find,
by reading the papers of this city, and of the
northern cities, that my response to the honorable
Senator fiom Ohio [Mr. Pugh] was misunder-
stood by the reporters of the Associated Press.
They there make me say that I was a party to,
and did uphold, the displacement of Judge Doug-
las from the Committee on Territories. The re-
porters of the Globe put me down correctly. I
was not a party to the transaction, and did not
approve of it. ! was opposed to the displacement
of Judge Douglas from the chairmanship of the
Committee on Territories. I make this oxplana-
tion for the purpose of setting myself right at
home; for those other papers arc much more ex-
tensively read in that State than the Globe. I
wish to be correctly reported, whether lam right
or wrong.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. PUGH presented the petition of Ann H.
Allen, widow of Samuel Allen, an officer of the
militia of New York, in the. war of 1812, praying
