1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1219
iting said tract temporarily set apart for their use were re-
moved to the Grand Ronde and Siletz reserves, which had
been selected for their permanent residence; and whereas
certain individuals, citizens of the United States, have set-
tled upon and improved a portion of the tract described in
the second article of said treaty of 10th September, 1853,
and still reside thereon, or who were compelled to abandon
the same to the use of the Indians, as a part of their re-
serve: Therefore
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
e#ry such settler upon said tract who now resides, or has
settled and resided upon and cultivated the same, or made
substantial improvements, in good faith, with a view to con-
tinued residence and cultivation of the same, and was com-
pelled to abandon any part of the same, and who has not
received the benefits of the act of September 27, 1850, en-
titled " An act to create the office of surveyor general of
public lands in Oregon, and to provide for the survey and
to make donations to settlers of the public lands," shall,
upon application at the land office of the district in which
hdid land claimed by him may be situated, be allowed to
puichase the same, not exceeding three hundred and twenty
acres, at the rate of $1 25 per acre, the preemption right
hereby conferred on such settler to be adjudicated and en-
forced in all cases in accordance with the provisions of the
act of September 4,1841, and acts amendatory thereto.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That the lesidue of
said tract hereinbefore referred to, not claimed by actual
settlers, and sold as herein provided, within twelve months
from and after the passage of this act, be, and the same is
hereby, declared subject in all respects whatever to the ex-
isting laws relating to the survey and disposal of the pub-
tic lands in Oregon.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in, and the
bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time. It was read the third time, and passed.
POST ROUTE IN MISSISSIPPI.
_ Mr. BROWN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of de-
claring the Tallahatchie river a post route from Greenwood
to Sharkey, in the State of Mississippi.
MOUNTAIN MEADOW MASSACRE.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I desire to offer
a resolution which I shall ask the Senate to con-
sider and adopt at this time. It will lead to no
debate whatever. It calls for information in re-
gard to the Mountain Meadow massacre. The
information has never been collected and thrown
into such a shape that a fair and just judgment
could be made upon it:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be, and
he is hereby, requested to furnish to the Senate all the
coirespondence and facts, with such information a<? may
be in the possession of any branch or Department of the
Government, tending to exhibit the circumstances and par-
ticulars of the Mountain Meadow massacre, in August,
1857, or any subsequent massacre in Utah Territory; and
aho to inform the Senate what steps, if any, have been
taken to discover the authors, or to direct inquiry towards
the parties guilty of a crime so perfidious and unsparing
of age, sex, and condition; and to furnish to the Senate ail
the (acts in connection with the recovery of the &.urvivors
of the Mountain Meadow massacre; giving the names
of the survivor*, the particulars lelating to their return to
the United States, and their present condition, so far as is
known.
I aslc the Senate now to adopt the resolution.
All those facts ought to be before the Senate.
The resolution was considered, by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
JAPANESE MISSION.
Mr. MASON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered, by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secietaryof State be directed to com-
municate to the Senate copies oi any coirespondence be-
tween that Department and Townscnd Harris, minister l es-
ident of the United States in Japan, concerning the proposed
diplomatic mission fiom Japan to the United States; and that
the Committee on Foreign Relations be instructed to in-
quire into the propriety of providing by law for the recep-
tion of paid mission in the mode usual in the country from
which it comes.
COMMITTEE SERVICED
Mr. MASON. I rise to ask that I may be ex-
cused from farther service on the Committee 011
the District of Columbia. I do so with regret;
but I find it impossible, from the other duties of
committee service devolving on me, to remain on
it without doing great injustice to that committee
and myself. I have told the chairman reluctantly
that I should be obliged to ask to be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
ALTERATION OF TEE SENATE CHAMBER,
Mr. HALE. I have a resolution of inquiry,
which I offer and ask for its immediate consider-
ation :
Resolved, That the architect of the Capitol extension be
instructed to report to the Senate on the practicability and
expense of so altering and reconstructing tile present room
occupied by the Senate, that it may be extended to the
windows on the north end, or cast or west side of the north
wing of the Capitol.
Mr. MASON. As I understand the resolution,
it does not leave it to the committee to inquire
into the expediency of the proposed alteration.
Mr. HALE. It is an instruction to the archi-
tect simply to report on the practicability and
expense.
Mr. DAVIS. Let the resolution be read again.
The Secretary read the resolution.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the resolution will not
be adopted. I do not wish to object to its con-
sideration; but I hope it will not be adopted at all
for two reasons. First, there is a superintendent
in charge of the work, who, if he knows any-
thing, must be a better constructor than the arch-
itect.
Mr. HALE. "Well, I am willing that he should
take it.
Mr. DAVIS. The next objection is, we have
a Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
to whom such an inquiry ought to be referred if
it is one that ought to be made.
Mr. HALE. Does the Senator object to the
consideration of the resolution ?
Mr. DAVIS. No.
Mr. HALE. I simply want to get the plan, to
see if it is practicable, and also an estimate of the
expense. When we have that statement, I shall
move to refer it to the Committee on Public Build-
ings; but I want the plan first.
Mr. DAVIS. I move, as a matter of respect
to die officer in charge of the work, that the in-
quiry be made by the superintendent in charge of
the extension, and not by the architect.
The amendment was agreed to; and the resolu-
tion, as amended, was adopted.
ST. CLAIR FLATS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that Senate bill
No. 37 be taken up for the purpose of fixing a day
for its consideration.
Mr. CLAY. What bill is it?
Mr. CHANDLER. The biH for deepening the
channel over the St. Clair Flats. I move that it
be made the special order for Thursday, at one
o'clock, if there be no special order for that day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion is on taking up the bill.
Mr. CHANI)LER called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 22, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Chandler, Clark,
Cotiamor, Crittenden, Dixon, Koolittle, Douglas, Durkee,
Fessendcn, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, King,
Sumner, Tiumbull, Wade,* Wilkinson, and Wilson—22.
NAYS—liayaid, Benjamin, Rigid-, Biagg,
Brown, Chesnut, Clay, Clingman, Davis, Fitch, Fiupat-
lick, Gwm, Hammond, Hemphill, Hunter, Iverson, John-
son of Aik.msas, Johnson of Tennessee, Latham, Maliory,
Mason, Nicholson, Peaice, Rice, Saulsbury, Sebastian,
Slidell, Toombs, and Yulcc—29.
ORDER 01' BUSINESS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I move that
the Senate now proceed to the consideration of
the homestead bill, which, I believe, is regularly
in order as the unfinished business. The morn-
ing hour has expired.
Mr. MALLORY. The special order at two
o'clock is the bill for the payment of the Florida
interest claims. If there is no business before the
Senate but the unfinished business, I move to
postpone all prior orders for the purpose of pro-
ceeding to the consideration of that bill.
The"PRESIDING OFFICER, The motion of
the Senator from Tennessee has precedence. It
is moved and seconded that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the homestead bill.
Mr. DAVIS. Is not the bill which was under
consideration when we adjourned on Thursday,
and which was interrupted by the consideration
of private bills on Friday, the unfinished business
for to-day—I allude to the bill to sell arms to the
States? It was under discussion when we passed
to the consideration of private bills on Friday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Mississippi that the bill
to which lie alludes was postponed by order of
the Senate, and consequently it is not the un-
finished business.
Mr. DAVIS. I thought it was only laidasid?
because of the special order to talte up the private
bills, and would now recur as the unfinished busi-
ness. ■
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
stands that that is not the rule. The rule give"?
precedence only to the unfinished business of the
last preceding adjournment of the Senate. *
Mr. DAVIS. Very well.
Mr. MALLORY. Is my motion in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion is on the motion made by the Senator from
Tennessee, which has precedence of the metion
of the Senator from Florida.
Mr. TOOMBS. Does the Chair decide that the
homestead bill is first in order? There is a spe-
cial order for to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now pending is the motion of the Senator from
Tennessee, to prijeeed to the consideration of the
homestead bill. It is in order for a Senator to
give reasons why it should or should not be taken
up, but not to discuss the merits of the hill.
Mr. TOOMBS. There is a special order for
to-day, that was made some time ago.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Twoo'clockis
the time fixed for the special order referred to—
the bill in relation to the Florida claims.
Mr. MALLORY. What is the pending mo-
tion
The PRESIDING OFFICER. To proceed to
the consideration of the homestead bill.
Mr. MALLORY. I trust the special order will
be called up at two o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
the order, unless the Senate see proper to post-
pone it.
The motion of Mr. Johnson, of Tennessee,
was agreed to.
So the Senate proceeded to consider the bill (S.
No. 1) to grant to every person who is the head
of a family and a citizen of the United States, a
homestead of one hundred and sixty acres of land
out of the public domain, upon condition of occu-
pancy and cultivation of the same for the "period
therein specified.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
bo read at length.
Mr. NICHOLSON, I suppose it isnotneces-
sary to read the bill. Every one knows what it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
will be dispensed with, if there be no objection.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Before the Senator from
Tennessee proceeds, I desire to submit an amend-
ment to the first section. It is to strike out all
after the word " entitled," in the fifth line, and
substitute for the words stricken out:
To have issued to him or her, by die Commissioner of
Public Lands, a warrant for one hundred and sixty acres of
land, to be located in the same maimer as that under which
the bounty land warrants hejetofore issued have been lo-
cated, on any of the public lands of the United States sub-
ject to entry, the applicant being required to make proof ill
support of his claim in such manner and under such regu-
lations ufc may be prescribed by the Secretary of the Interior*
Mr, NICHOLSON. Mr. President, my col-
league is entitled, as a matter of courtesy, to the
floor on this bill, and has yielded to me with tlio
understanding that I shall explain the object and
character of this bill and assign the reasons which,
in my judgment, commend it to our support. His
intimate connection with this subject since the
year 1846, when the measure was originated by
him in the other House, qualifies him much better
than myself to perform this task; but as he pre-
fers to hear the objections which may be made
before addressing the Senate himself, I will pro-
ceed, as briefly as I can, to present my views on
the subject. On examining the bill which came
from the House of Representatives, I find in it
provisions which are so objectionable to my mind
that I cannot support it. The bill matured by the
Senate committee, and now before the Senate, is
relieved of these objectionable provisions, and to
that I shall confine my remarks.
It provides that any person who is the head of
a family and a citizen of the United States, or who
shall have filed his intention to become a citizen in
pursuance of our naturalization laws, shall have the
right to enter one quarter section of the unappro-
priated public domain; but in exercising this right,
such person is to be restricted to those lands that
have been surveyed, proclaimed, and offered for
sale, and are consequently subject to private entry
under existing laws. This privilege of entry is
