1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8107
and, at the expiration of the term, to be returned
to their homes? These are not negroes; these arc
men so far civilized as to know the relations of
kindred and to feel the affections of home. They
arc torn from these and reduced, under a mere
fiction, to a state of slavery far more horrid than
would be that of selling them for life; because, if
they were sold for life, they would be coupled
permanently with the interest of their owner, and
that interest, if no better motive, would carefully
provide for their wants and protect them in sick-
ness. Not so with the apprentice, having a claim
to be liberated in a few years. He costs little to
his owner as a purchase, and he loses little by
him if lie dies.
I might continue these references, but it is un-
necessary. Suffice it to say that the list of cases
which has occurred attendant upon that species
of trade, shows suicide as the result of their being
unfitted to the condition to which they are re-
duced. They rebel against a condition for which
they are not designed;unlike the African,content
with a change of masters, and growing fitter un-
der better treatment. In one instance, to cite a
single case, out of a cargo of two hundred, one
hundred and thirty-two died during a voyage of
one hundred and forty-ninedays; and in another,
one hundred and twenty-two died, out of one hun-
dred and seventy-five, during a voyage of one
hundred and seventy-one days. Such are the
horrors of that substitution which has been made
for the African slave trade—the trade in the coolies
of China.
In 1814 and 1815, after wars had been waged
against what was called a spirit of propagandism
in France, treaties were made among the great
European Powers. France, it was said, was
making war upon the hereditary monarchical in-
stitutions of Europe, and this spirit of innovation
must he suppressed in France; that propagated
into Europe, it would cover it with blood and
anarchy. The great wars which convulsed Eu-
rope, and terminated in the overthrow of the first
Napoleon, grew out of adesign,oraplea at least,
to put down propagandism. What right have we
to dictate to the black prince on the coast of Af-
rica, and the white king of the coast of southern
America, whether they shall have a trade with
ca«'h other, and whether one shall sell to the other
the slaves in his own dominions? Is not this
propagandism'1 Is it right that we should tax
our own people, and send our own gallant sea-
men to that death from which a brave man shrinks
most—by disease—upon a foreign coast, to carry
out an idea of propagandism which, thus far, has
produced nothing hut suffering to the race, to
benefit which if claims to be its object?
My own view of the case, therefore, Mr. Pres-
ident, is that, instead of giving money to build or
to buy vessels to watch the coast of Africa, we
ought to recall our squadron, terminate our treaty
with Great Britain, and keep armed vessels on
that coast to protect American commerce from
the fraudulent interference which it lias received
at the hands of British cruisers under the plea of
suppressing the slave trade under ourlaw declar-
ing it to be piracy. In the neighborhood of our
cruisers, they have compelled men engaged in
legitimate trade to deny their country,throwover
their Hag, conceal their papers—in some cases it
being m proof that the papers were examined
befoie they were thrown overboard'—in order
that they might become prizes to their cruisers,
instead of being tried before American courts.
Our legislation has thus been tributary to their
interests and their avarice, and destructive of our
commerce. I would repeal, if 1 had the power,
the act declaring the trade to be piracy; but that
is not before us. Before us, however, is the ques-
tion of this treaty which binds us to keep a cer-
tain squadron on the coast of Africa. I shall vote
against its increase; and when opportunity offers,
I shall vote to give notice to Great Britain term-
inating that article of the treaty.
Mr. WILSON". Mr. President, I am gratified
to hear the Senator from Mississippi condemn the
cooly trade. A bill on that subject has been in-
troduced in the House of Representatives, which
1 hope, at the next session, will receive the sanc-
tion of that body; and when it comes here, as that
Senator regai ds the cooly trade as a crime against
humanity, I hope it will receive his support; but,
sir, condemning the cooly trade does not in any
way justify the African slave trade.
The Senator thinks I am mistaken in my view
with regard to southern opinion. Sir, I have not
said—1 have not intended to say—that the mass
of the southern people were in favor of reopening
the African slave trade. I do not believe that they
are; butthat large bodies of men in the Gulf States
are in favor of reopening the African slave trade
is a fact not to be questioned here or elsewhere;
for these opinions have been avowed in the public
press; they have been avowed in pamphlets; they
have been avowed in legislative assemblies and in
conventions. The last two southern commercial
conventions were devoted almost exclusively to the
discussion of the question of the reopening of the
African slave tr&de. Regretting deeply and pro-
foundly this change ofopinion among a portion of
the people of the South, 1 think it to be our duty
here, men of the North and of the South, to do what
we can to execute present laws, to improve pres-
ent laws, and to put down the traffic, and show to
the country and to the world that we are in car-
nest,and that this error which has sprung up, and
which I am confident, if calmly discussed, will
vanish under that discussion— 
Mr. DAVIS. With the permission of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts—and 1 would not inter-
rupt him now but for the fact that I am com-
pelled to leave the Chamber to attend the commit-
tee of conference—1 merely wish to say that whilst
he can produce individuals, whilst he can produce
articles from newspapers or from pamphlets advo-
cating the revival of the Afiican slave trade, he
probably can go into his own town, interior though
it be, and certainly, if he goes to his own port of
Boston, he will there find men, too, who would
like to revive it and engage in it.
Mr. WILSON. I admit that; but I want to
say a single word to the Senator from Mississippi
before he goes. I differ from him in this: 1 think
the tendency of the speech he has made is to en-
courage this growing sentiment in regard to re-
opening the slave trade. His speech tends to
overthrow all our treaty obligations; to overthrow
the law of 1820, pronouncing the trade piracy.
In a word, the Senator docs not wish to stand by
the present policy; but he wishes to keep African
slaves out of the United States, and to let other
nations do as they please. He would not send
ships to the coast of Africa to arrest the slavers;
but he would send war vessels to the coast of Af-
rica to protect the American flag. Well, sir, it is
a mournful and melancholy fact that there is a large
number of vessels sailing on the Afiican coast
under the American flag engaged in this traffic;
that the traffic is carried on, to a very great extent,
under the protection and by the abuse of our
flag; and it seems to me that if there is one duty
that ought to he dearer to us than another, it
should lie to protect the honor of our flag. The
Senator from Mississippi has bravely fought un-
der that (lag, and it should be his duty, as dear to
him as to me, to protect the flag that has waved
over the armies of the Republic, at home and
abroad, in defending our liberties and our rights
and our honor, against being used on the deck of
pirate vessels upon the coast of Africa and upon
the seas. We owe it to the world that no Amer-
ican ship, no American capital, no American sea-
man , shali on the ocean engage in the slave trade;
that we shall put it down at any cost and at any
sacrifice.
Now, sir, a single word to the Senator from
Texas, who does not seem to relish newspaper
extracts. I have a large number from his own
State, containing resolutions, speeches, and dec-
larations: one of them advertising slaves landed
on the toast of that State for sale.
Mr. WIGFALL. I should like to see that
one.
Mr. WILSON. I have it at my room, and I
will send it to the gentleman to-morrow, if he de-
sires to read it.
Mr. WIGFALL. Read it to-morrow publicly.
Mr. WILSON. No, sir; I do not wish to use
the time of the Senate for that purpose; but if the
Senator from Texas desires to read the advertise-
ment in a Texas paper of slaves landed from Af-
rica, I shall be pleased to furnish the extract. The
Senator will find, I think, in Rufus W. Clark's
rccent book on the slave trade, an advertisement
of a Texas paper of four hundred newly-imported
Africans. When I introduced thependingamend-
ment, I explained its purposes, and in doing so I
uttered no word that could wound the feelings of
any Senator, not even the very sensitive Senator
from Texas. In reply, to-day, to the remark
made by the Senator from Virginia, to the effect
that he could not understand why the slave trad*/
had increased in the northern citics, I referred to
the change going on in the public sentiment of the
Gulf States; to the action of juries, the decisions
of judges, and to theavowalsof presses and pub-
licmen, to show why men in the North, activated
by love of gain, more readily and recklessly
rushed into a lawless and inhuman traffic. I
deeply and profoundly deplore this change going
on in the sentiments of a portion of the American
people, and deprecate its disastrous effects upon
the greedy and lawless who lust for gold, soiled
though it be with the blood of the despoiled and
bleeding children of Africa, For the cause of
our common humanity; for the good name and
fame of our country, for the love of man and the
blessing of God, I would do what we can to-ex- .
tinguish a traffic so inhuman and accursed.
Mr. WIGFALL. I have but a word or twe
to say. I do not intend to discuss this matter. I
do not mean to be provoked into a debate of the
slave trade; for it is dehors the record. I say to
the Senator from Massachusetts that I have no
admiration for the system of keeping a pair of
scissors in one's pocket and cutting out news-
paper articles. There is nothing you cannot
prove on anybody by that system. In Texas I
assert that, siilfce the declaration of independ-
ence, on the 2d day of March, 1836, to the pres-
ent time, there has never one cargo of slaves been
'imported. Previously to that time, Monroe Ed-
wards, whose place of nativity I am not sure of,
but he was born somewhere north of Mason and
Dixon's line, imported a cargo, and that cargo of
negroes was sola, and is now said to be owned
by a New England man. He was a lawyer, and
got them, I believe, for disputing Monroe Ed-
wards's title to them. There has been but one
cargo that is charged with having been attempted
to be landed upon any southern coast, and that
is the Wanderer. There is no effort on the part
of the South to open the slave trade; and what I
said before I say again, that if the. Senator brought
in this proposition bona /ide, with the purpose of
getting a vote, it would have been very easy to
introduce it without bringing up this array of
newspaper articles to show that we were in favor
of reopening the African slave trade. That mat-
ter has been discussed somewhat of late, it is
true, and why? As soon as the captains and
crews of the Wanderer and Echo were arrested,
their lawyers, as a matter of course, looked about
to defend them, and the first plea they put in was
the unconstitutionality of the act. The necks of
the men were in a halter; and their lawyers, to
save them, put in a plea of the unconstitution-
ality of the act of 1820. Then it became dis-
cussed in the newspapers. Then, very naturally,
persons upon steamboats, upon railroad cais,
upon the stump, in taverns, and in bar-rooms,
expressed their opinions one way or the other;
and the matter has been the subject of discussion
sineo that time as to whether the Federal Gov-
ernment has a right to do—what? To create
crimes. As the African slave trade is not one of
the crimes enumerated m the Constitution which
the Federal Government can punish or define,
there are persons who have supposed it has not
llie power. There is a difference of opinion on
that question; but I said, and I reiterate, that no
one here has introduced any resolution or any
bill to abrogate the treaty with England, or to
repeal any law punishing the slave trade as a
crime, or for the purpose of reopening it; and the
whole movement has been on the other side; and
when it was introduced, it was done in a manner
to excite all the prejudice and create all the hri-
tation of feeling that it was possible to do,
If the Senator did not intend to produce that,
he was very unfortunate. That was what I rose
to say, and I said it; and now he says that he haa
got extracts from newspapers in Texas. I sup-
pose there are some papers there that have dis-
cussed this matter, as Mr. Stephens, of Georgia,
discussed it. There is a constant war on us, a
constant aggression, a constant declaration that
you intend to belt us around with what you call
free States, to starve us out, crush us out; and
southern men, as a matter of self-defense, have
been looking about to see how it is they can avoid
this. One nas proposed an extension of slavery
