1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
199
to be allowed a pension; wliich was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented two petitions of citizens of
Ohio, praying that pensions may be granted to
the survivors of the war of 1812, and the widows
of those who have died or may hereafter die;
which were referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. IVERSON presented the memorial of John
H. "Waggaman, praying that the decision of the
Court of Claims, in his case, may be reversed;
which, with the report of the Court of Claims on
the ease, was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Healso presented the memorial of John Peebles,
praying remuneration for surveying for the Uni-
ted States, in the southern district of Alabama,
and also praying an examination of the report of
the Court of Claims, with the testimony; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CHESNUT presented a presentment of
the grand jury of the United States, for the dis-
trict of South Carolina, at Charleston, in relation
to the court accommodations at that place; also
in relation to tliu Exchange building now used
as a custom-houae and post office; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciarv.
He also presented the presentment of the grand
jury for the district of South Carolina, at Green-
ville, in relation to the depredations on the mail
in that district, the unfitness of the post office
building at GreenviKe for the purpose, and the
necessity of providing a suitable building for a
court-house; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. PITCH presented the memorial of S. East-
man, of the United States Army, praying a resto-
ration of the copyright of his pictures, used in
illustrating the Government work on the history
of the Indians, &c.; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. MALLORY. I present the petition oi
certain citizens of South Florida, asking the Go\-
ernment to reestablish the mail line between
Charleston and the southern coast. 1 would sim-
ply say to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, to which the petition will go, that
the people of that section of the. country arc sadly
in want of mails. The present arrangements are
not satisfactory, and I ask as early attention to if
as the convenience of the committee will permit.
I move its reference to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
It was so referred.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the petition of E.
George Squier, praying to be allowed an out jit us
charge de affaires to each of the Governments of
Guatemala, San Salvador, Nicaragua, Costa Rica,
' nd Honduras; and also, a balance of .salary, whic h
he claims to be due him; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. KING piesentod the memorial of S. S.
Wood, commissioner, and W. P. Kirkland, soli-
citor, appointed on b"iu>lf of the residents and non-
residents ol Grey town, or San Juimdel Norte, in
Central America, who suffered by the bombard-
ment of that city by ihe United States ship Cyane,
praying the appointment of a commissioner to
investigate the charges upon which that city was
destroyed, and to ascertain the losses sustained,
with a view to making nucIi reparation as may
appearjustand proper: which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of Theodore
J. Eckerson, military storekeeper at Benicia ar-
senal, California, praying an increase of salary;
which was referied to the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia.
He also presented the petition of William L S.
Dearing,praying the reimbursement of money ex-
pended by him in raising a company of volunteers
for service in Florida; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and Militia.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
Leonard Grant, master of the brig Plumas, pray-
ing remuneration for losses occasioned by the loss
of said brig in consequence of the discontinuance
by the Government of one of the lights at Cape
Elizabeth, without giving public notice; which
•was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
Mr. CHESNUT. I made a motion some days
ago, which lies on the table not having been acted
upon for want of committees, that the papers now
on the files of the Senate in relation to the claim
of Colonel William Thompson, of the revolu-
tionary war in South Carolina, be withdrawn from
the files of the Senate, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims. These papers
were referred at the last session, and a favorable
report was made on them , but no action was taken
because of the want of time. I ask that they be
now taken up, and referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. CHESNUT, it was
Ordered, That the petition of William E. Haskell, pre-
sented on the 12th of December, instant, he leferred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mi*. HAMLIN. T ask that the petition and
accompanying papers of Ebenezer Rickcr, and
the petition and accompanying papers of Abner
Merrill, be severally taken from the files of the
Senate, and referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions. Favorable reports were made in both
those cases, and bills reported at the last session
Mr. PUGH. I was about to say to the Sena-
tor that if there has been an unfavorable report
made m any of these cases, I intend to object to
the reference again.
Mr. HAMLIN. In both cases bills were re-
ported.
Mr. PUGH. Then I do not object.
The motion of Mr. Hamlin was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. TEN EYCK, it was
Oidercd, That the petition of William A. Newell and
othcis, citL'/.cn* of l\\nv Jersey, praying the passage of a
law to pjevcnr, all furthci traffic in, andtnonopoly of, the
the public lands of the United States, and that thevbe laid
out in 1 aims and lot^ of limited size lor the fiee and ex
elusive use of actual settles, pi evented Deeembei, 13, be
icfeiied to fiu Committee ui Public Tjimd.-..
Oil motion of Mr. TEN EYCK, it was
Ordered, Tij.it th" in- nuual oi W. Oimlon :i
put--ei in ih<'Navy, pire, li": to hf allowed additional p.iy
datum the time he war- a!M< h<'d t>> the expedition xn the
exploiation and -m\evot ?:v citma m\i, and 13i,hrni£?v<
;-tid)t-*j pu'^cnti'd Dee.milvr KJ, be e-ti'ned to the Commit-
tee on Naval AIkuj-..
On motion of Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Clnrle^ MeCornnck, on
the tiles ol the Senate, he r<-}er.vd to the Committee on
Military Allan-* and Militia.
Oil motion of Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That James II Kradtoid have le.m: to witli-
diaw his memos nil ;aul pisp"i&.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN. it was
Ordered. That the p< titiun of Mile-* Devme, the petition
of Kplirami Hunt. ;uu! the petition of William Nason and
otheis. legal lcjuceutames oi jahnLoul, deceased, on the
files of the filiate, be retened to th" Committee on Claim*.
On motion oi' Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, That the petition ol Benjamin Waul, on the
files ot the Seuaic, be icleio d to the Committee on Public
LaiuK
On motion of Mr. YULEE, it was
Ordered. Tba' the petition and memorial of Mrs. Jane
M MeCrabb, widow of Captain John W. McCrabb,on t!ie
files of the Senate, be lelcrred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That ilv- repott of the Court oi Claim* edvoi^
to the clam) of Lefitisi Muaip'uey.-;, on the file, ol the Ben-
ate, he refeued to the Committee on Claim-.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the inemouM of Richard \V. Mead, pray-
ing for additional compensation for executing ecitam ordeis
aa'a naval ofileei on the Pacific coa*t, on the lilcs of the
Senate, be retired to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered. That th'"1 p -titson of II .T. llarNtcnc, on the
flies of tin? Senate, he le.'ened to the Committee on Naval
Affair.-.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, it was
Ordnicd, That the repot t oi the Court of Claims adver.se
to i he cluin ot II. G. Cat.-oil. ndmifi'r-tiatorof Cintis Grubb,
deceased, I) Meferrcd to the'Comnuiteo on Revolutionary
Claims.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, it was
Ordered,That the memo; j >f or William II Do (>root,aml
the lepoit'of theC'omtof Clauu- a-ivcr • to fhc < bini of N.
and 15 Goddaid, exeeutoi< ot Nathaniel Goddaid, oil the
faesof the Senate, bo referred to the ComwUecou Claim-.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Harrison Saigent, on the
files of the Senate, be refcired to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That leave be grouted to withdraw ftom the
fdes of the Senate the memorial and papers of George M.
Weston, commissioner of the State of Maine, appointed to
present the claims ot that State against the United States,
under the fourth aitiele of the treaty of Washington.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Aaron Haight Palmer, and
the memorial of Thomas Crown, on the filea of the Senate,
be lefenod to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of David D. Porter,a lieuten-
ant in the Navy, praying that his accounts for certain se-
cret services performed in the Island of-St. Domingo, by
order of the Secretary of the Navy, maybe settled on prin-
ciples of equity, presented Deceinbcr 8, be refened to fee
Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. GKWIN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Frederick A. Sawyer,
praying such a change in the law in relation to the coinage
of the United States, as will enable the people of the United
States to enjoy the benefits intended to be conferred on
them by the Continental Congress, when it established tho
decimal system of currency, computation, and coinage,
presented December 15, be referred to the Committee on
Finance.
On motion of Mr. GVVIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Santiago 32. Arguello, cap-
tivn In the California battalion, piaying for remuneration
for lo^es sustained by him during the war with Mexico,
presented December 15, be referred to the Committee on
Claims.
On motion of Mr. QW1N, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papcis relating to the
claim ot Francis Hutmann, for remunerationfor losses sus-
tained by him in consequence of the illegal proceedings ot"
the collector of the customs at San Francisco, presented
December 15, be leferred to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion of Mr. DIXON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of James G. Clarke, praying
compensation lor his services as ehaige d'affaires of the
United States at Belgium, on the files of the Senate, be
referred to the Committee on Foieign Relations.
On motion of Mr. BIGrLER, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of T.J. Lints, praying com-
pensation lor his services as custodian of the public prop-
citv conneetcd with the impiovcments of the harbor at
Eric, Pennsylvania, be withdrawn Ironi the files of the
Senate, and refcried to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. BTGLER, it was
Ordered, That, the petition of John Hastings, praying to
be eiedited witii an amount of public money which was
f-tolen while under hw charge as surveyor and collector
of customs at Pittsburg. Pennsylvania, on the files of the
Senate, be lefeirect to the Committee on Claims.
On motion Sf Mr. IVERSON", it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the heirs of John Forsyth,
praying that certain chaiges erroneously made against said
Forsyth, in the settlement of hU accounts a? United States
Minister at Madrid, may be adjusted and the amount re-
funded, be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and
relened to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the State of Georgia,
praying that the amount paid by that State to Peter Treze-
vant, legal representative of Robert Farquhar, for clothins*
furnished said State lor the army during the revolutionary
war, may be letunded, be withdrawn from the files of the
Senate, and rei'ei red to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of David Myerle
be withdrawn fiom the files of the Senate, and referred to
the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Samuel II. Tay-
lor be ivjthdrtwn from the tiles of the Senate, and referred
to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. SLIDELL, it was
Ordered, That the paper-* in the case of Arnold Harris
and Samuel F. Butterworth, on the files of the Senate, be
lcfened to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of George B. Bacon1,
of the United States Navy, be withdrawn from the files
of the Senate, and lefened to the Committee on Naval
Affair*-.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of William Allen,
praving for arrears of pension, be taken from the files of
the'Senate, and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
BILLS INTRODUCED AND REFERRED.
Mr. SLIDELL, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
(S. No 7) making appropriation to facilitate the
acquisition of the Island of Cuba, by negotiation;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee,
it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 1) granting to any person
who id the head of a family, and a citizen of the United
States, a homestead of one hundred and sixty acres ot land,
out of the public domain, upon condition of occupancy
and cultivation of tho same for the period herein specified,
be referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
