3108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
over our Territories, and another has answered,
as Mr, Stephens, of Georgia, did, that you cannot
expend the area of slavery without reopening tlie
African slave trade. I say to the Senator from
Massachusetts that he and his sort are responsi-
ble for this. When I say this, I do not speak even
of alf the Republicans, because there are many of
them who are—well, sir, i will not describe them,
but they- are of different sorts; and birds of a
feather do not always Sock together. There is
among: them some of that old State rights Levi
Woodbury Democracy, that believed in a strict
construction of the Constitution—that had brains
and wore broadcloth—that came into the Repub-
lican party, though a very small portion. There
is some of the old, conservative, sensible, decent
Whigery of past ages that came into the Repub-
lican party. It had brains "and broadcloth and
decency, and was called the ruffled-shirt and silk-
stocking gentry; but not much of,that came in.
There is m that party an immense amount of ma-
terial that was not of the sort 1 have just spoken
of." That portion is aggressive; it is senseless; it
introduces measures here for the purpose of hav-
ing them defeated; it argues questions for the pur-
pose of getting them voted against; it looks to
presidential elections, to power, to place, and plun-
der, and that is all it looks to. It has no patriot-
ism*, it has no nationality. The nationality that
was a crime of the old Whig party it is free from,
and the only crime in the calendar of crimes that
it is free from. These men bring in questions
here that have no practical utility.
The Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Gollamer,]1
in a sensible, practical speech, looked to this thing
as a statesman. He is not of that sort. He looks
to it to sec, as he says, whether we are cheating
or being cheated; whether Gieat Britain lias not
entered into a compact that she is not carrying
out. He wants to know whether we are actually
passing money bills here for the purpose of sup-
pressing the African slave trade, or whether these
bills, if they were to pass, would produce no such
effect. The Senator fiom NewYork [Mr. Sew-
ard] I am happy to Ilea# speak in a tone of mod-
eration, which shows that he4>ek>ngs, also, to the
broadcloth and brains brand) of the Republican
paity; and,offensive and violent and sectional as
he lias been considered, he is, I say it here, mod-
eration compared with some with whom he is un-
fortunately associated. [Laughter.]
If we meet here asiSenatois, if we meet here as
Representatives, if we meet here to pass laws, let
us consult together, let us introduce measures of
some practical utility, refer them to committees,
bring them m, and discuss them calmly, and not
criminate and recriminate; but if Senators choose
to criminate, they must not expect all of us to be
blessed with more patience than usually falls to
the lot of man. I do not assume to be better than
other men. For some purpose or other, for His
ways are inscrutable and past finding out, Prov-
idence has made none of us angels. We are but
men at last; and like the rest of my class, I hap-
pen to have some tamper; and when this constant
system of irritation and pi o vocation is carried on,
it is utterly impossible that I can sit calmly ami
remain silent, when I can see that the purpose of
Senators is not discussion, is not action, but mere
irritation and political effect; and 1 may be guilty
sometimes of imprudences, and be led to play into
their own hands, by the course which they pur-
sue.
I say,in conclusion,that we have not been the
aggressors in tins matter. We have made no
movement to abrogate the treaty with England.
We have made no movement to take away a sin-
gle gun that we have agreed to keep on the coast
of Africa. We are not guilty, in the southern
States, of having recei\ed any cargoes. We arc
not engaged in the traffic. If the citizens of New
York, or Boston, or Philadelphia, are engaged in
it, the proposition which the Senator from New
York made is a practical one, not to sewd addi-
tional steamers to the coast of Africa, but so reg-
ulate our own police laws here as to prevent our
vessels from leaving our own ports. Digest such
a law; bring it up at the next session,, when we
shall ha\c time to discuss it; and then we shall
see, after calm,deliberate discussion, whether we
agree, first, as to the propriety of stopping the
trade, and next, as to the mode of preventing it.
But 1 protest, now, that there is not the slightest
evidence that there is any efforton the part of the
southern States, or the southern people, to open
the African slave trade. The trade is open be-
tween Cuba and Africa, and it has been at all
times open there; and whether we arc bound to
prevent that is a question which may be with pro-
priety discussed at some future time. It is charged
upon us, I know, constantly, that we desire to
reopen the African slave trade. I deny that we
do desire to reopen it, and that there is any effort
made on the part of the southern States, to do it.
It maybe that gentlemen at the South think there
is no harm in trafficking in human flesh, and buy-
ing the souls of men and of women. You may
believe that we have not the right. We of the
South may differ as to the mode. "It may be that
we believe the Federal Governmcnthas nota right
to create crime; and yet it does not follow that
we desire to reopen the African slave trade.
I have been betrayed, now, into saying more
than I intended.
Mr. MALLORY. I presume the question is
exhausted, and that we shall have the vote. I
offer the bill which was introduced by the Senator
from Massachusetts, and reported from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, as a substitute for the
proposition of the Senator from Massachusetts.
1 do it to test the sentiment of the Senate on the
other side of the Chamber. If this proposition
is to prevail, and vessels are to be built for this
purpose, I prefer, myself, that they should be
built in accordance with the views of the Govern-
ment, as recommended by the Navy Department.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) An amendment to the amendment
is now pending, and is first in order, before the
substitute can be acted upon.
Mr. MALLORY. What is it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
mentis in line three, after the word ''purchased,"
to insert the words "constructed or;'" and after
the word *' vessels," the words " as may be ad-
judged by the Secretary of the Navy."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the amendment as amended.
Mr. MALLORY., I now offer the bill as a
substitute. The bill was introduced by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, and has been reported
back from the Committee on Naval Affairs slightly
altered in shape, and, I think, improved; but the
essential elements of the bill are th * same.
The Secretary read the amendment to the
amendment, to strike out all after the word "pro-
vided," and insert in heu thereof:
That the Secretary of the Navy be, and lie is hereby, au-
thonzed to cause to be eonsuueted, equipped, and armed
(or the Ni.iv}, as early as may be constant with economy
and efiicieney, seven screw t.loop^-of-war, not exceeding
fourteen feet in draught, at the Government yards or by
contract, a?, the tSecretaiy may deem advisable lor the public
iiileiebts, the models, conjunction, equipment, and auiid-
ment of !-atd vessels to be devi ,ed by a boaid composed of
one captain, one commander, one lieutenant, three, con-
structor, and three engineer;? ot the Navy, under the direc-
tion and appioval of the Secretary of the Navy ; and for
this purpose the &uin of $1,000,000 is heicby appiopjiated
out of any money in the Treaty not otherwise appro-
priate!!.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is nothing but a
proposition to constiuct seven vessels. It says
nothing about their use one way or another.
Mr. MALLORY. No, sir. The only limita-
tion is on the draught of water which will get them
for that purpose.
Mr. FESSKNDEN. The draught of fourteen
^feet water will be perfoctlyuselessforthatpurpose.
Mr. MALLORY. No, sir; it is exactly the
draught wanted.
Mr. FESfSENDEN. It cannot be used for the
purpose at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand this simply
to be a proposition to build seven new sJoops-of-
war, not for the purpose of suppiessmg the Afri-
can slave trade at all. it merely increases the
Navy. It has no connection with the subject
under considerntion, I believe.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator from Illinois
is totally mistaken. You cannothave apropeller
of much less draught of water. There is nothing
about the slave trade in the amendment; but these
vessels are to be usi& fo ^Government purposes
of course, and wilt be used without that being in-
serted, the same as our small vessels are now
being used. These will be steamers of the same
class.
Mr. GRIMES. I will inquire of the Senator
from Florida if he knows the draught of water of
the Crusader and Wyandott?
Mr. MALLORY. I do not know what their
draught is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In looking over this prop-
osition I do not find it is for the suppression of
the slave trade or has anything to do with the
service on the coast of Africa. It is simply a
proposition to build seven sloops-of-war not to
draw exceeding fourteen feet of water. I am not
aware of the necessity for the construction of these
vessels, and, although I am willing to vote what-
ever may be necessary to suppress the African
slave trade, this seems to have no connection with
that subject. I hope the substitute will not be
adopted.
Mr. MALLORY. If the Senator desires to
suppress the African slave trade, by voting the
class of vessels now specified he will be doing it
most effectually. The President is Commander-
in-Chief of the Navy, and he can employ vessels
to any extent he pleases. He is now employing
the smaller class of vessels on the coast of Africa.
You cannot get a propellerof any speed with less
draught than fourteenfeet. Thathas beendecided
by the constructing bureau—I mean a sea-going
vessel; 1 do not mean a lake-going vessel. I will
say in reply, also, that this proposition was in-
troduced by the Senator from Massachusetts, and
the bill reported by the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs is almost identically the same bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Non constat these vessels
would all be employed at Vera Cruz in interfering
between the contending factions in Mexico, and
seizing without authority, unjustifiably, the ves-
sels of war of one of the parties. It does not
appear to me to have anything to do with the
Afiican slave trade. I do not know but that the
design would be to employ them in cruising
near 
Mr. SEWARD. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to inquire whether
this substitute is capable of amendment? if so,
I wish to suggest to the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, to insert as an amendment, after
tiie description of the vessels, the woids " to be
employed in the suppression of the slave trade."
Let the Senator move to insert those words.
Air. WILSON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois is entitled to the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 give way. 1 did not
propose to interfere. I only rose to say that the
amendment seemed to me not to be at all germane
to the subject which we had up. If the Sena-
tor from Florida intends these vessels to be used
for the purpose of preventing the slave trade, I
think k ou^ht to be so expressed in the bill.
Mr. SEWARD. If the Senator will allow me,
I make a motion to amend it m that way.
Mr. WILSON. Some weeks ago 1 submitted a
bill, and sent it to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
for the construction of five steamers for service on
the coast of Africa. The committee reported a
bill for seven steamers, and an appropriation of
§1,000,000, without any specifications. The chair-
man of the committee now moves that bill as an
amendment to the amendment l havc offered. If
this amendment can be amended, so as to give
what wc desire, I am willing to take it; and there-
fore I propose to insert, after the words " seven
screw sloops-of-war," these words: "for service
on the coast of Africa for the suppression of the
slave trade." Will the Senator accept that as an
amendment?
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the Senator to leave
out the words " coast of Africa," so that they can
be used for the suppression of the trade generally.
It may be possible that they will be wanted in
other places.
Mr. WILSON. Very well; I will leave out
the words " the coast of Africa."
Mr. SEWARD. If the honorable Senator will
listen to an amendment I have suggested, T think
it will answer the purpose, and be satisfactory.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New York proposes to amend the amend-
ment m line thirteen, by inserting the words
" to be employed in the suppression of the slave
trade," so that it will read:
That the Secretary of the Navy be, and he is hereby,
