200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
HEATING PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
Mr. FOOT submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed
to inquire into the practicability of adopting some more ef-
fectual and economical means of warming the public build-
ings of the Government through the country, and of making
an appropriation for the purpose of accomplishing this
object.
TRANSPORTATION OF MAILS.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire if it be not practicable, in
some manner, to prevent and avoid the present delay in the
transportation of the mail between the city of Washington
and the city of Boston.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 21, 1859.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. B. N. Nadal.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The CLERK stated the question to be upon the
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania. [Mr.
Hickman] to amend the Journal of Friday, the
9th instant; and that upon that question the gen-
tleman from Louisiana [Mr. Davidson] was en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I am aware, Mr Clerk,
that if I were to say to this House that it is with
deep regret I find myself constrained to address
the House upon the question of organization,
that I would be believed. It is a general impres-
sion,! believe, of the members of this House, that
every gentleman who is a member of Congress is
desirous of making speeches. 1 believe that the
record of the last four years justifies me in saying
—and I can safely say—that I have consumed
but a small portion of the time of the House
in addressing its members here, or m making
speeches to reach the public mind at home. I have
felt it my dutyy sir, to do all that I could here, in
my character of Representative, to advance the
vast interests of this Republic; and I have never
desired to address any community or any audi-
ence upon any question unless I supposed that the
arguments I could be called upon to make would
have some influence upon my hearers; and asxipon
every question, except that of sectionalism, 1 have
always been able to get full justice at the hands of
tho House of Representatives to which I have be-
longed for the interests which I have been railed
upon to represent, I have deemed it a useless con-
sumption of time to undertake to get the floor.
But I stand nowin a different position. T do not
expect, sir, that any argument 1 may advance will
have the effect to induce any man in this House
to take up my opinions. I do not believe that I
can effect that. If I had a tongue gifted with
true inspiration, I do not believe, so far as the
organization of this House is concerned, that I
could have any effect.
But, sir, you have a resolution upon your table,
offered by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Claric.J That resolution i consider of the last
importance to the true history of this struggle,
and I have the permission of the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer,] when the time
comes, to offer his resolution in the shape of an
amendment, as a second resolution, to come after
that of the gentleman from Missouri.
I have never seen the use, Mr. Clerk, of using
harsh language at any time towards our fellow-
members. I have never known any good to re-
sult from it. Therefore, while I intend, to-day,
to express my sentiments in language so plain as
that there can be no misunderstanding of my po-
sition, I desire, in advance, to say that I have no
wish to wound or offend the feelings of any. I
love my country. I love the guarantees of the
Constitution, i like the freedom of speech
myself, and 1 shall never question that right in (
others. But gentlemen, in their great anxiety to !
do justice to those whom they represent in some
instances, or to advance their own peculiar in-
terests in others, overstep political truth. They
forget, sir, as they have forgotten from the be-
ginning, that the American people arc a reading
people, and that public men make records which
are in the hands of all public men of the day and
the people of the Confederacy. When a gentleman
undertook, therefore, to assert, and to refuse any
interruption and explanation, with a view of pre-
venting the correction to go out with the error,
that the South had determined to force slavery
over the expanded Territories of the country—a
graver error, to say the least of it, has never been
committed, nor has the South ever asserted such a
doctrine. We have never occupied that position.
We do not occupy it now. Nor do I believe that
there is a single member on this floor, even m the
present state of excitement, so indiscreet as to say
that the South will ever ask Congress to do any
such thing, by law or otherwise. There is no
truth in the assertion, either moral or political.
We have never asked this; nor do we ask it now.
We have only asked, and that we are determined
to have, that our common rights shall bo recog-
nized and protected in tiie common Territories of
the Union. ♦
Just here, Mr. Clerk, permit me to say that I
admire the tone and temper of the speech made
the other day by the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Larrabee.] I belong to the national De-
mocracy, and I say that if we have trouble in our
party, we must be allowed to settle that inside of
our own organization. Let us not make our
troubles the byword of the men who are lying in
wait, and have laidin wait, to hold up to scorn and
ridicule that g*vat party. Sir, we are compelled
to have difficulties m our party. It is in the nature
of things that we should have difficulties. There
have been difficulties from the commencement,
and there will be difficulties to the end; but they
are difficulties that arc under the control of the
organization. I, for one, am willing to letbygoncs
be bygones. If we have done wrong let us do
right. If those who have differed with us—and
differed, as I think, incorrectly and improperly—
have gone off, and if we know we are right, how
much easier is it for us to overlook errors than
if wo were in the wrong ourselves to confess or
make them right? It is my duty here to repre-
sent truly tho sentiments of my people, it is my
duty as a -Representative to legislate for the inter-
ests of the whole country. Have I ever failed in
the exercise of that duty? Can any man on that
side of the House place his hand on his heart and
say that I have I ever failed or been wanting when
any of the great interests of the Republic were
concerned ? No. I am here again to do my duty.
I am ready to do it, and will do it to the end.
Mr. Clerk, many persons outside of this Hall
have become exceedingly anxious that we should
perform our duty, and organize the House. When
this House can be properly organized, I am as
ready as any man here to aid in the organization.
But the House can nev-r be organized with my
consent, if I am required to aid in placing a man
in that chair whoso mantle is stained with the
blood spilled by sedition. No man goes before
me in devotion to the Union. It has been, and
still is the mission of the Democratic party to ex-
tend constitutional liberty over this vast continent,
and the islands adjacent thereto. That party has
had the possession of the Government since 1801;
and if there has been any great error committed
by the Government since that day, the Democratic
party is responsible for it.
If the Opposition partyhave occasionally elected
the President, we have had the House or Senate;
and if they have had the House or Senate, we have
had tho Executive—so that we arc responsible for
any of tho faults that may have been committed,
and arc entitled to all its prosperity and glory;
we are among the first nations of the earth, and
to the Democratic party and its organization we
are now entitled to this position. Who is there
dares deny it? None; no, sir, no one:for history
proves its truth, and upon it I rest tho proposition.
And when gentlemen get up here and tall: to you
about their love of the mountains and the streams
and the hills and the valleys, of our glorious and
magnificent forests, and of the inheritance of glory
that pertains to our battle fields, no child of the
Republic has more love or veneration for them
than I have; but let me tell you that I have an-
other fueling equally as strong and more sacred,
and that is a feeling of love and devotion to the fire-
side by which I was-cradled. While I love all the
glory that belongs to our common country, her
agriculture, and her commerce, I particularly love
the dear fireside around which my infancy was
passed; and may my right hand be palsied and my
tongue cleave to the roof of my mouth, when X
cease to remember that my first allegiance is due
to my own people and my State. Iysir, am a
descendant of one who fell at the head of his
division in the revolutionary struggle, and who
fell in achieving the liberty and the glory of his*
country; and while I remember that 1 can never
fail in my devotion to this Union—never; no never,
I have never, Mr. Clerk, believed in the doc-
trine of secession. I do not believe in it now. I
am not like those northern men who denounced
and undertook to hold up to scorn the effort on the
part of South Carolina to nullify a law of Con-
gress which they thought struck at then-interests,
and in a few years, under the influence of their
fanatical feelings, turned round and became them-
selves nullifiers of a law of Congress. I have
never blown hot and cold upon this subject,
I believe, as our fathers did, who lived in the
times that tried men's souls, that whenever the
Constitution ceases to guaranty to the States ai>
equality of rights, and to the people their indi-
vidual and reserved rights—whenever we are in
this position and arc without redress, I am with
Henry, with Pinckncy, and with the immortal
Jackson. I believe in resistance, or in revolution,,
if you choose to call it so. And when the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] in hi&
sneering way, spoke of the threats of the South,
I felt that he was administering a proper rebuke
to many of us. But let me tell you that it is no-
longer the politicians, and the men who come
here, as you suppose, to manufacture public opin-
ion, who talk to you about this great and grievous-
evil that is upon you. It is the masses of th<*
people, it is the great southern heart, that is com-
ing up with one voice and telling you that you
have passed the Rubicon, and that you must stop-
and go no further if you would preserve this glo-
rious Confederacy.
Now, sir, what calm and reflective man would
have supposed that a party would be formed for
the purpose of striking down all the reserved
rights of the South, and that it would appear here
in such force as to demand the introduction of the
resolution of the gentleman from Missouri? And
yet this thing has occurrcd- Why? Because,-
not satisfied with the progress you have made
since 177G, you have allowed yourself to fall into
the trap which the miscalled philanthropy of
Great Britain had laid for you. Whatmustbethe-
effect of your agitation of this question? What
is to be the effect of your sending John Brown
and his gang to Harper's Ferry to make this raid
upon Virginia? Why, the effect of it must be,
that a wall, more famous than the Chinese wall—
a wall of fire fed by blood—will be raised between
you arjd us. Do you believe that we intend quietly
to submit to this sort of thing? Can you, for a
moment, suppose that we shall submit to it? If
you do, gentlemen, you arc certainly reckoning
without your host Why,what have you done?
You have advised John Brown and his associates
to do what they have done; and I honestly be-
lieve, that if you were tried to-day before a jury
of conscientious men, a jury of men who believe-
m ci God of all justice and all mercy and all in-
telligence—if you were tried with the record that
could be brought against you, you would be found
guilty, as accessories before the fact, to all the
dreadful deeds of Brown and his associates. Let
us see, sir, what is the evidence. I ask the Clerk
to read the extracts, which I send up, from the
Rochester speech of the "great I am" of the
Republican party, Mr. Seward.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Hitherto, the two systems have existed in different
State*, but side by side, within the American Union. This-
ha^ happened becausc the Union is a confederation of States.
Cut m another aspect the United States constitute only one
nation. Increase of population, which is filling the States
out to their veiy borders, together with a new and extended
net-work of railroad^ and other avenues, and an internal
commerce which daily becomes moie intimate, is rapidly
bringing the States into a higher and more peifect social
unity or consolidation. Thus these antagonistic systems
are continually coming into closer contact, and collision
results.
" Shall I tell you what this collision means ? They who
think that it i* accidental, unnecessary, the work of inter-
ested or fanatical agitators, and theietorc ephemeral, mis-
take the case altogether. It is an irrepressible conflict
between opposing and enduring forces, and it means that the
