1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1M
the Constitution, if itbeconccdcd that the powers
of Congress, as to all our public domain, are to be
deduced from the territorial clause of the Consti-
tution. It could only be done upon the assump-
tion that when Congress provided for funding the
debts of the Revolution, and the Federal Gov-
ernment became responsible for their payment,
and especially after they had been actually paid,
tlje greatpurposeof the cession was accomplished,
and the Government thereby so far released from
its fiduciary obligation as to be justified in its sub-
sequent Management of the trust, in looking chiefly
to the consummation of its second object—the en-
couragement of settlements on the public lands,
with a view to the formation and admission of
new States into the Union. It was upon this view
of the subject that President Jackson, in 1832,
suggested to Congress the propriety of abandon-
ing the idea of raising a future revenue out of the
public lands. He regarded the public lands as hav-
ing been pledged for the payment of the revolution-
ary debt, and when this object was accomplished
he considered the trust as aischarged. However
plausible this view may be, it is certain that it
has not been adopted as universally satisfactory.
Many of our statesmen still insist that the terri-
torial clause of the Constitution forbids Congress
from making any disposition of the public lands,
which does not look to revenue and a money
equivalent as essential considerations. This opin-
ion recognizes no distinction between the lands
ceded and those acquired by purchase, and derives
the power of Congress over all of our public do-
main from the territorial clause in the Constitu-
tion. If it can be shown that the territorial clause
in the Constitution has no application to the pub-
lic lands, obtained by purchase or treaty from
foreign nations', the error of deducing the powers
of Congress over those lands from that clause will
be patent. This becomes a question of controlling
importance in the present discussion, inasmuch
as the bill before the Senate is confined in its
operation to the lands acquired by purchase or
treaty.
Fortunately, Mr. President, I am relieved from
the necessity ofarguingthequestionby the reason-
ing and adjudication of the Supremo Court in the
same case from which I have already made quo-
tations. In the course of the very elaborate ex-
amination of the source from whence Congress
derives its powers over the Territories, the chief
justice, in regard to the territorial clause, says:
"The language used in the clause, the arrangement and
combination of the powers, and the somewhat unusual
phraseology it uses, when it speaks of the political power to
be used in the government of the territory, all indicate the
design and meaning of the clause to be such as we have
maintained. Itdoes not speak of any territory, nor of Ter-
ritories, but uses language which, according to its legiti-
mate meaning, points to a particular thing. The power is
given only in relation to the terntory of the United Stares—
that i&, to a tcnitory then in cxistcnec, and then known
or claimed as the territory of the United States."
He announces the conclusion of the court on
the question in language still more pointed. He
says:
« Whether, therefore, we take the particular clause in
question (the territorial clause) by itself, or in connection
with the other provisions of the Constitution, we think it
clear, that it applies only to the particular territory of which
we have spoken, (the ceded territory,) and cannot, by any
just rule of inteipretation, be extended to territory which
the new Government might afterwards obtain from a foreign
nation."
This authority, Mr. President, is direct to the
point, and is conclusive; itexplodes the error that
the powers of Congress over the purchased domain
are deducible from the territorial clause in the
Constitution; it explodes, at the same time, the
idea based on that clause and the cession deeds,
that, in disposing of the purchased domain, Con-
gress is bound to regard revenue and a money
equivalent as essential considerations. ^ If any
such constitutional obligation or restriction rests
upon Congress, it is now made manifest that^it
must be found in some other than the territorial
clause of the Constitution.
It devolves upon us next, Mr. President, to find
the clause in the Constitution from which Con-
gress derives its power over the public lands ac-
quired by purchase or treaty. The court, in the
case already referred to, has removed all difficulty
i,n locating this power, as will be manifest from
the following extracts from that opinion. The
Chief Justice says:
- The power to expand the territory of the United States,
ty the admission of new States, is plainly given; and m
the construction of this power by all the departments of the
Government, it has been held to authorize the acquisition
of territory, not fit for admission at the time, but to be ad-
mitted as soon as its populatioivand situation would entitle
it to admission. It is acquired to become a State, and not
to be lield as a colony and governed by Congress with ab-
solute authority; and as the propriety of admitting a new
State is committed to the sound discretion of Congress, the
powerto acquire territory for that purpose, to be held by the
United States until it is in a suitable condition to become
a State upon an equal footing with the other States, must
rest upon the same discretion." *****
" As the people of the United States could act in this
matter only through the Government which represented
them, and through which they spoke and acted when the
territory was acquired, it was not only within the scope of
its powers, but it was its duty to pass such Jaws and estab-
lish such a government as would enable those by wiiose
authority they acted, to reap the advantages anticipated
from itsacquisition, and to gather there a population which
would enable it to assume the position to which it was des-
tined among the States of the Union. The power to acquire
necessarily carries with it the power to preserve and apply
to the purposes for which it was acquired." * * *
" Whatever it [the Federal Government] acquires, it ac-
quires for the benefit of the people of the several States who
cieated it. It is their trustee acting for them, and charged
with the duty of promoting the interests of the whole of the
Union m the cxercise of the powers specifically granted."
It follows, Mr. President, that the relation of
the Federal Government to our public domain,
whether obtained by cessions from States or pur-
chases from foreign nations, is that of a trustee
for the benefit of the people of the several States.
The powers of the trustee, in executing the trust,
are essentially different in regard to the two kinds
of domain in this: that, as to the ceded domain,
the trustee was expressly required, by the terms
of the deed, to dispose of the lands for money, as
the means of providing a common fund, to be
applied to the debts of the beneficiaries; but, as
to the purchased domain, 110 such specific instruc-
tion or obligation is imposed upon the trustee.
In both cases, the formation of new States is the
ultimate object to be accomplished; in both cases,
the trustee must look to the Constitution for his
powers and for the limitations thereto; in the one
case, the power is found in the territorial clause;
and that, coupled with the cession deeds, limits
the power of the trustee to dispositions of the
lands for money; in the other case, the power is
found' in the new State clause, and that carrics
with it the power to make all laws which shall be
necessary and proper for carrying into execution
the specific grant to admit new States into the
Union. The public domain obtained by purchase
was not acquired for the purpose of making profit
by resale, but for the purpose of gathering thereon
population, to he formed into new States. Laws,
therefore, necessary and proper for carrying into
execution the power to admit new States, must
look directly and legitimately to the accomplish-
ment of that purpose. If thatpurposc can be bet-
ter accomplished, or if it can be as well accom-
plished, hy selling the lands for a profit, such dis-
position would be legitimate and proper. As a
faithful trustee, the Federal Government is bound
not to squander or misappropriate the lands, and
therefore, on sound principles of equity, ought so
to manage the trust as to reimburse the Govern-
ment for all outlays in acquiring and preserving
the lands. As the lands sold have already reim-
bursed the Government for these outlays, the trust,
in this respect, has been faithfully executed. But
the groat cardinal and controlling principle in
further executing the trust should be, that every
law passed providing for the disposal _ of the
lands should be "necessary and proper," in the
sense of the Constitution, for accomplishing the
object for which they were acquired. By this
rule the bill before the Senate, as well as much of
the existing land legislation, must be tested.
But, Mr. President, before proceeding to apply
this test, I desire to allude to certain opinions and
propositions in regard to the public lands, from
the correctness of which I entirely dissent. A
very great error prevails as to the money value of
our public domain.. Estimating each aero at the
minimum price, it is not unfrequent to .near our
public lands valued as high as $2,000,000,000.
Hence it is assumed that they constitute the basis
of a high public credit, which, in times of emer-
gency, may be of immense value, and from this is
deduced an argument against appropriating the
public lands to actual settlers without a money
consideration, and of holding them in reserve to
meet the necessities of such emergency. Upon
the laws of demand and supply, governing prices,
the present value of the public lands can only be
estimated according to the receipts into the Treas-
ury. These receipts, when no disturbing catiseS,
interfere, average' about three * milli6n dollars a
year—the' interest on a permanent investment'of
|50,000,000—which would be thus indicated as
the money v&lue'of the public lands; an amount
less than the receipts for a single year from ens-
tdms. The true way of establishing- and increasing
the public credit is, to inducc settlements" of the
public lands; and bv developing the resdurces of
the uncultivated soil, to swell the annual products
of labor, and thereby add to the prosperity 'and
wealth of the country. Our present high credit
rests upon the agricultural, mechanical, manufaci-
turing, and commercial resources of a population
numbering thirty million, sustained by mdividi
Hal industry and enterprise, and protected by the
firmness, stability, and strength of our Federal
system of government, and not upon our thou-
sand millions of uncultivated lands.
Originating in the same erroneous estimate as to
the money value of our public lands, propositions
have been made that the Federal Government
should divide out the public domain amofig the
States, and thereby divest itself entirely or par-
tially of the trust. Notwithstanding its absurd-
ity, and its violation 'of all sound principle, this
proposition still has its advocates. Estimating
the lands to be worth §2,000,000,000,arid.dividing
this sum so as to show the share in money that
would fall to each State, an urgent appeal is made
to the supposed cupidity of the people in behalf
of the distribution of the public domain among
the States. Besides being utterly false in its as-
sumption as to the value of the lands, the propo-
sition is so palpably repugnant to the obligations
and duties of the Government as a faithful trus-
tee, that it needs no other refutation than the
mere statement of its absurdity.
Equally inconsistent with the constitutional ob-
ligations of the Government as a trustee are all
propositions for giving public lands to associa-
tions or institutions within States where the publxfc
lands proposed to be given are not situated, based
upon reasons of charity or humanity, or other
local considerations. It is enough to sajr of all
such propositions, that they are indirect modes of
reaching the Treasury of the nation for local ob-
jects. The lands are wanted to be converted into
money for the benefit of the objects sought to bo,
promoted. The Government has no more right
to give lands for such purposes than to give the
money out of the Treasury for which the lands
may be sold, or which may have been derived
from imposts. Such donations, not being neces-
sary or proper as means of promoting the object
for which the lands were acquired, are not Sanc-
tioned by the Constitution.
The distribution of the proceeds arising from
the sales of the public lands can, under no pre-
tense, be regarded as a policy necessary and proper
in carrying out the power to admit new States.
Its claim to constitutionality, therefore, must rest
upon some other provision in the Constitution".
If any clause can be found, and I am sure none
exists, which authorizes Congress to take money
from the Treasury and distribute it among the
States, then the distribution policy may be de-
fended, and not otherwise. The laws making
grants ofland formilitary servicesdonot properly
belong to our land system. They are really pen-
sions, Or compensations formilitary services ren-
dered, and must be sustained upon the same
principle that money pensions are allowed. Dur-
ing the last five quarters, more than three and
a half million acres were located with bounty
land warrants, but these warrants were mostly
applied to preemption entries; thus showing that
the preemption enterers paid their money to the
amount of about four and a half million dollars
to the holders of the bounty warrants instead of
to the Government. If this amount had been paid
to the Government the receipts into the Treasury
would have been over six million. This factcx-
plains satisfactorily the falling off in the cash re-
ceipts into the Treasury for lands, and proves
that the bounty-warrant policy is but an indirect
mode of giving money pensions for military ser-
vices.
I come now, Mr. President, to speak of that
series of enactments which make up our present
system of land laws, and to show (hat they nil
rest upon the same principle on which the home-
stead policy is based. Under these laws, grants
of lands have been made to States for schools,
