1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
2165
of the volumes also; and I think the committee
had better take the appropriation at that.
Mr. MAYNARD. How much have they re-
duced it?
Mr. SHERMAN. By the present law, Sena-
tors receive one hundred and eight volumes each,
while under this law they will receive but twenty-
five copies; about one fifth the present number.
Mr. MAYNARD. That is an improvement
in the right direction; and if you will take off
the other fifth, I think you will be about right.
I have no disposition to consume the time of the
committee in arguing this amendment, because it
has been up once before on another bill; never-
theless I deem it my duty to move the amend-
ment, and take the sense of the committee upon it.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The following clause having been read—
For furniture, repairs, and boxes for members, $10,000,
Mr. BRANCH said: I propose to amend that
clause, by adding thereto this proviso:
Prouder!, That no expenditure shall be made for remov-
ing the scats from the Hall of the House and replacing the
desks, without a further oider of the House, to be Hereafter
made.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to the gentleman
that the Committee of Ways and Means have
presented that question in another bill, for the
very purpose of giving the House an opportunity
to vote upon it.
Mr. BRANCH. Very well; then I withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. RUFFIN. I wish to make an inquiry of
the Committee of Ways and Means in reference
to the appropriation to pay the clerks engaged in
preparing the land maps. The appropriation is
left out of this bill.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman is mistaken.
Ho will find the appropriation in linos one hun-
dred and nineteen to one hundred and twenty-
two, inclusive.
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill was prepared be-
fore the House took its action in reference to those
clerks.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend line one
hundred and tour, by adding thereto the words,
" provided that a member shall not be allowed to
commute his stationery for moneyso as to make
the clause read:
For stationery, $15,000: Provided, That a membci shall
not be allowed to commute ills stationery for money.
Mr. STANTON. I was about to move an
amendment to the previous clause in reference to
boxes for members.
The CHAIRMAN. An amendment to that
clause would be out of order now, as the com-
mittee has passed it.
Mr. STANTON. The next clausc has not
been read, I believe.
The CHAIRMAN. Tlie gentleman is mis-
taken', it has been read.
Mr. STANTON. Well, it is a vciy small
matter, and 1 do not care much about it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move my amendment,
in order to put an end to a practice which I think
is erroneous, and which ought not to obtain here.
We appropriate money regularly every year for
the Clerk to purchase stationery, so as to supply
members, to the amount of forty-five dollars'
worth for the long session, and twenty-five dol-
lars'worth for the short session. The practice
has been for members either to draw stationery
from the post office, or to get stationery elsewhere,
and to draw that amount in money.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. When wc
want good stationery we take the latter course,
and it is cheaper also.
pMr, MAYNARD. That may be, but it is ob-
vious that we ought not to buy stationery and
pay money both. The present plan involves the
Government in a twofold expenditure. If we are
not satisfied to take our stationery in this way, let
us make no appropriation for it, but draw the
money without the stationery. If, on the other
hand, we take stationery, let us take what we
need, as much as we need, and no more; and not
charge the amount upon the Treasury in the man-
ner we now do. I am told that there have been
some members in former Congresses—probably
it may not be so at present; I hope it is not—who
never drew a single dollar's worth of stationery
from the post office, but prepared their letters and
other writings in their committee-rooms, using I
stationery furnished for the use of the committee.
This is not a large item; but it is one of the leaks
which I think ought to be stopped, and especially
as it affects us personally.
Mr. CAREY, If the gentleman will give way,
I will move to strike out " $15,000," and let mem-
bers buy their stationery where they please.
Mr. SPINNER,. I will state to the gentleman
from Tennessee, and to the gentleman from Ohio,
that the Committee of Accounts have it in con-
templation to introduce a bill to abolish the whole
system of furnishing members with stationery.
It is the greatest leak, for a small one, about this
House.
Mr. SHERMAN. Under a joint resolution so
much money is set aside for each member. I
would advise every member to take the money
and buy his own stationery; for my experience
is, that I can obtain better stationery anywhere
else than I can get here.
Mr. PHELPS. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Tennessee that this item of expendi-
ture embraces not only the stationery for mem-
bers, but the stationery for the Clerk's office and
the stationery which is furnished also to the com-
mittee-rooms.
Mr. MAYNARD. Well, then, I will move to
reduce the sum to $3,000.
Mr. BOCOCK. I agree somewhat in the ob-
servations submitted by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee. I think, however, that the difficulty lies
at a different point from that which he has alluded
to. I do not think that there is any impropriety
when the members of the House have the privilege
of drawing stationery t.o the amount of forty-five
dollars for a long session, and twenty-five dollars
for a short session, in allowing them to get their
stationery elsewhere and take that amount of
money. And why ? Because, if you restrict them
from taking the money, they will expend the forty-
five dollars in stationery here. If they do not
need it, and it is allowed to them, they will get it
and make some disposition of it; and if they can
do bettor by taking the money here and getting
the stationery elsewhere, it is proper that they
should do so.
The gentleman from Tennessee contends that,
as we appropriate money for the purchase of
stationery, we ought to require the members to
take the stationery thus purchased. Now, if the
stationery thus purchased had to be used by mem-
bers or lost, the argument of the gentleman from
Tennessee would be irresistible; but if we buy
stationery this session, and members do not take
it, that stationery remains on hand to be used
hereafter.
Now, I would say to the gentleman from Ten-
nessee that the objection lies at a point which he
has mentioned only collaterally. The objection
lies in allowing members of committees to write
all their letters, and discharge all their public busi-
ness, on the stationery furnished to the commit-
tees. There, there is no limit. Here there is a
limit. No member can receive from the station-
ery clerk more than forty-five dollars'worth of
stationery; but in a committee-room a member
can draw an unlimited amount of stationery; and
I have known committees that have not had one
single bill before them, and that have had no regu-
lar business meetings, to run up accounts for sta-
tionery used by the members in attending to their
private business.
Mr. EDWARDS. The practice, as I under-
stand it, is for the House to appropriate $15,000
for a session, to purchase stationery, if it is
used, very well; if not, it is thrown away as use-
less lumber, and then ^15,000 is appropriated at
the next session; and I understand that there are
rooms m this Capitol now filled up with station-
ery that has been accumulating for years.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to make a brief
statement. I had heard a good deal of complaint
about this matter; but when I came to examine
it, the mountain dwindled into a mole-hill. The
cost under this item last session amounted to
$1,095, and for this about one thousand dollars.
I have looked into the account of my own com-
mittee. I believe that the Committee of Ways
and Means is generally supposed to use a good
deal of stationery. Wc have run up the enormous
bill of seventeen dollars for stationery, although
I will confess that some committees, which I sup-
posed had not much business, have run up ac-
counts for stationery of fifty or sixty dollars.
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 (}id not lenow the precise ex-
tent to which this abuse bad gone; but liind^frbm
the statement which the gcntieipan from Oiiio has
just made, that there is abuse. Here is,the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, charged with a .great
part of the business of the House, and they, as
the gentleman says, have expended seventeen
dollars. I have here a statement which shows
that the Committee on the Militia have expended
over thirty dollars. I ask the chairman of the
Committee on the Militia to state what bill has
ever been before that committee ?
Mr. TOMPKINS. I can tell the gentleman if
he wants to know.
Mr. BOCOCK. How much of the thirty-
one dollars expenaed by the Committee on the
Militia has been used in writing tills and reports
for this House?
Mr. TOMPKINS. We have had three or four
meetings, and have three bills ready to report now,
and we have a very large portion of that station-
cry yet unused.
Mr. RUFFIN. I am a member of that com-
mittee; but I have never been in the committee-
room yet.
Mr. BOCOCK. I am requested by the gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] to state that the
Committee on Public Lands, wnich we all know
is one of the business committees of this House,
has expended only $14 61, while the great Com-
mittee on the Militia has expended thirty-one
dollars.
Mr. COBB. At the last session we had four
hundred bills before us.
Mr. TOMPKINS. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is mistaken in the amount used by the Com-
mittee on the Militia. That amount of stationery
may have been furnished; but a very small por-
tion of it has yet been used. The remainder is on
hand in the committee-room.
Mr. BOCOCK. Here is a letter from the Post-
master of the House. I will read it:
Post Office, House of Kepresentatives,
Jlpnl 19, 1860.
Sir: In compliance with a resolution of the House of
Representatives, calliugupon the Postmaster of the House
fur a statement of the amount of stationery delivered and
charged each committee for the present Congress, I here-
with submit the following report of the amount delivered
to said committees to date.
1 have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, JOSfAHM. LfJCAS,
Postmaster.
Hon. William Pennington, Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
Committee of Accounts?...   $27 47
Committee on Agriculture  15 95
Has that committee ever met?
Mr. CAREY. I will say to the gentleman that
it has met. The whole amount of stationery,
however, or nearly the whole of it, is still on
hand.
Mr. BOCOCK. Well, the statement goes on:
Committee o! Claims $61 67
Committee on Commerce  55 34
Committee for the District of Columbia  28 18
Committee on Engraving  22 8-i
The Committee on Engraving, I understand,
has been abolished altogether. It seems that the
Committee on the Treasury Department have
drawn stationery to the amount of $2 75. I am
not aware that that committee has ever met. I
read again from the statement:
Committee on Treasury Department  $2 75
Committee on War Department   15 29
Committee on Navy Department..... .. 10 84
I know that the Committee on the Expendi-
tures in the Navy Department has been converted
into a very important committee, charged with a
great deal of business; but I doubt whether all
the committee business they have done this ses-
sion involved the expenditure of three cents in
stationery. This statement goes on:
Committee on Po>t Office Department .$11 55
Committee on Foreign Affairs  18 13
Committee on Indian Affairs  22 14
Committee on Invalid Pensions  19 83
Committee on the Judiciary  34 48
That committee is the ono on which my friend
from Alabama serves, and I presume he can tell
us how this pretty large item for legitimate com-
mittee business has been expended. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I know nothing whatever
about it; I have had nothing to do with it. I do
not know how much has been drawn, nor what
it has cost. So far as I am concerned, however,
I will say that in the eighteen years I have served
