1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
201
United States must and will, sooner or later, become either
entirely a slaveholding nation, 01 entirely a free-labor na-
tion. Either the cotton and lice fields of South Carolina
and the sugar plantations of Louisiana will ultimately be
tilled by free labor, and Charleston and New Orleans be-
come marts for legitimate merchandise alone, or else the
rye fields and wheat fields of Massachusetts and New York
must again be surrendered by their farmers to slave culture,
and to the production of slaves, and Boston and New York
become once more markets for trade in the bodies and souls
of men. It is the iailure to apprehend this great truth that
induces so many unsuccessful attempts at final compromise
between the slave and free States, and it is the existence
of this great fact that renders all such pretended compro-
mises, when made, vain and ephemeral. Startling this
saying may appear toyou,ibliow-ci'tfzens, it is by no means
an original or even a modern one.55
Mr. DAVIDSON. That, sir, is the first act of
the drama; that is the first piece of evidence offered.
Now, sir, what does this evidence purport? You
have here two facts announced. He says it is the
failure to comprehend this great truth that this con-
flict is to commence, that induces so many to at-
tempt compromises; and that it is this great fact
that renders all pretended compromises ephemeral.
Sir, when the gentleman from Pennsylvania
undertook to charge that the South had been un-
true to her promises, he did that in the face of
this fact, ana of all the evidence which the history
of the country gives to the contrary. The first
effort of compromise to avoid this conflict, men-
tioned by Mr. Seward, was that of the Missouri
restriction. Well, sir, who does not know that
that restriction itself was in direct violat:on of
treaty stipulations ? Who is there that does not
remember that it was in direct violation of the
treaty by which Franco ceded the Territory of
Louisiana to the United States? Who is there
that does not know that it was in opposition to
the treaty-protected right of every inhabitant of
northern Louisiana? "What are the facts?
When the northwestern territory was ceded by
Virginia to the United States, it was ocded upon
condition that it should remain free territory.
Now, mark well what I say. Afterwards, when
the Slate of Indiana, by memorial, twice, if I mis-
take not, or three times, sought to be relieved from
the restriction which prevented herefrom having
slave labor, southern gentlemen of the Demo-
cratic party in this House—for the Democratic
party then had the control of Congress—refused
it, because of the solemn pledge we had entered
into. We refused it because it had been agreed
upon that it should be free territory, and we
abided by it. Again; whenever one uf your north-
ern Territories has sought to be admitted into the
Union, who can turn to the record of a single
southern man belonging to the Democratic pjrty,
and show that he has opposed its admission as
a free State? And, yet, you arc told that it is
the mission of the Democratic party, and the de-
sire of the South, to force slavery everywhere !
I repeat, who does not know that on every oc-
casion we have voted for the admission of f2'ee
States when they have presented themselves? In
the very last Congress, when Oregon applied to
be admitted as a free State, it was the Democratic
party, and particularly the Democratic party of
the South, who admitted hf r in the face of the
dodging and opposition upon the part of the Re-
publican party of the North to defeat her admis-
sion. Now, no longer slander us in this matter,
and say that the Democratic party is a mere pro-
slavery party.
Again, if you will refer to the debates upon the
question of the admission of Arkansas, you find
the same opposition and the same bitterness on
the part of the men of the North against her ad-
mission that was manifested against the admission
of Missouri. You extorted from us the impo-
sition of the Missouri restriction, on the condition
that territory south of that line should come into
the Union with slavery, if it was the wish of the
people,and yet youdidallyou couldto prevent her
coming in. That is the truth of history. That is
what the records of Congress show, and I would
that every northern man in this vast Confederacy
should know the truth of this story. They would
know then that we have never asked, that we do
not ask, we do not pretend to ask, it is false when
it is said, that we ask, that Congress should force
slavery everywhere.
Mr. Clerk, I concede the fact that a large num-
ber of our friends, the framers of the Constitution,
and of our leaders, particularly gentlemen from
Virginia of the old school, were opposed to sla-
very, or in favor of manumitting slaves; but let
gentlemen go back, as I have done, and read the
commencement of this story,"and they will see
why these prejudices were entertained by those
gentlemen.
You all know that the first slaves that were im-
ported into Virginia were white convicts, and not
only convicts, but many orphan children of good
families, of white parentage, kidnapped by the
tender mercies of thV philanthropic country called
Great Britain, and sent here into slavery. After-
wards, they commenced sending negroes from the
coast of Africa. In this way they were contin-
ually drawing upon the pockets of the colonists,
for there wrrc then no vessels and no tonnage in
this country. From these circumstances this prej-
udice grew up as a natural consequence.
Again, what do you suppose good men of that
day would think, if they were this day to rise
from their graves and see the vessels that navigate
the ocean and our rivers ? What do you suppose
they would think, if they knew that while it took
in their days six weeks to make a communication
between Georgia and Philadelphia, it now requires
but twelve days to communicate between Now
York and California? They never dreamed of
this expansion. They knew nothing then about
cotton, they knew nothing about rice as a great
product of the South, they only had a small idea
of tobacco. They had no idea of five million
of tonnage in 1858, employed in carrying the
$160,000,000 of southern products. They never
dreamed, it had never entered their minds to
conceive, of the stupendous wonders that have
been achieved in the commerce of this country.
Again, sir; who is it that has driven us into the
investigation of this question of African slavery?
You of the Republican party have done it; and
you have, driven us to present now an unbroken
front to you. A few years ago the people of Vir-
ginia came very near abolishing slavery within
her limits;but, by your tirades and abuse, by your
continual cry of<H irrepressible conflict," you nave
driven the people of Virginia into an unbroken
front against you; and all that people now speak
the voice of reason and of one accord upon this
subject. In this condition of things, when this
country has gone on to the condition of stu-
pendous glory which she exhibits not only as a
military nation, but as a nation of commcrce, arts
and letters,.what do you propose ? Let us see. I
say you are not satisfied with the condition of
things which exists at the present time, but come
here arrayed as a party—for what? As a party,
you are here to strike down the sovereign lights
of southern States. It begun, as I will show you,
from this book of Helper; and you will understand
that it is the Republican party here speaking, as
I will (show before I will quit this floor. He says:
" "VVerc wo simply uFrcc-Soilcr, or anything eke Ic^sthan
a thorough and uncompromising Abolitions, we should
certainly tax our ability to the utmost to get up a cogent
argument against the extension of slavery over any part ot
our domain where it docs not now exist; but as our pnn-
cjplcs aic hostile to the institution even wheieitdoes exist,
and thcicfore, by implication and in fact, more hostile still j
to its introduction into new territory, we forbcai the piep-
aration ot any special remarks on tin*-; particular subject.
"YVnh regard to theunnationalanddemoializingsystem
of slavery, we believe the majority of northern people aie
too .-crapulous. They -^eem to think that it is enough tor
them to be mere Fiec-Soilers,to keep inchcck the diffusive
element of «lavery, and to prevent it tromciossingovei the
bounds within which it i* now regulated by municipal law
Remits in then- nrdional duties, as we contend, they make
no positive attack upon the institution in the southern
States. Only a Miort wivle since, one of then ablest jour-
nals—the North Amcric.in and United State< Gazette, pub-
lished in Philadelphia—made use ofthcfollowmglangmigc:
"k Wit'h blaveiy in the States, we make no pretense ot
having anything politically to do. For better or for worse,
the system belongs solely to the people of tho«e States, and
is sepmatecl b> an impassable gulf of State sovereignty from
any legal mteivention of ouis. We cannot vote jt down
any moie than we can vote down the institution of raste in
Jlindo-tan, or abolish polygamy in the Sultan's domin-
ions. Thus, precluded from all political action in reference
to it, prevented fiom touching one stone of the cdillee, not
the slightest responsibility attaches to us as citizens lor its
continued existence. But on the question of extending sJa-
veiy over the tree Temtoircx of the United States, it is our
iiulit, it is oui imperative duty, to think, to feel, to speak,
and to vote. We cannot mtcrfeie to cover the Muulow.s ot
slaveiy with the sunshine of freedom, but we can mtcrfeie
to prevent the sunshine of ficedom from bomg eclipsed by
the shadows of slavery. We can interpose to stay the pio-
gress of that institution, which aims to drivotree laborfiom
its own heritage. Kansas should be divided up into t ount-
less homes for the ownership ot men who have a light to
the fruit of then own labors. Free labor would make it
bud and blossom like the rose ; would cover it with beauty,
and draw from it boundless wealth ; would throng it with
population; would make State?, nations, empires out of it,
prosperous, powerful, intelligent, and free, illustrating on &
wide theater the beneficent ends of Providence in the foraj-
ation of our Government, to advanqc and elevate the mil-
lions of our race, and, like the heart in the body* from its
central position, sending out on every side, far and neary
the vital influences of freedom and civilization. May that
region, therefore, be secured to free labor.' "
That, Mr. Clerk and gentlemen, this Republi-
can party says, is the doctrine of Free-Sfoileirs*
But see where the Republicans go:
"Now we fully and heaitily indorse every line of the
latter part of this cxtiact j but, wltli all due deference to our
sage contemporary, we do most emphatically dissent from,
the sentiments embodied in the first part. Pray, permit us
to ask—have the people of the North no interest in the Uni-
ted States as a nation, and do they not see that slavery is a
great lujuiy and di&gracc to the u-holc country 1 Did they
not, in 'the days that tiied men's souls,* strike as hard
blows to secure the independence of Georgia as they did ix*
defending the liberties of Massachusetts, and is it not no-
toriously true that the Toryism of South Carolina prolonged
the wai two years at least? Is it not, moreover, equally
true that the oligarchs of South Carolina have been unmit-
igated pc- t& and bores to the General Government ever since
it was oiganized, and that the free and conscientious peo-
ple of the North are virtually excluded from her soil, in con-
sequence of slavery ? It is a well known and incontestible
fact, that the northern States furnished about two thirds of
all the American troops engaged in the revolutionary war>
and, though they were .neither more nor les-s brave or patri-
otic than then fellow soldiens of the South, yet, inasmuch
as the independence of our country was mainly secured by
virtue of their numerical strength, we think they ought to*
consider it not only their right but thelrdttty to make a firm
and decisive effort to save the States which they fought, to
lYee, from falling under the yoke of a vvoise tyranny than
that which overshadowed them under the reign of King
George the Third. FicemenoftheNorth! we earnestly en-
treat you to think of these things. Hitherto, as mere Free-
Soiiers, you have approached but half way to the line of
your duty; now, for your own sakes and lbr ours, and for
the purpose of perpetuating this great Republic, which your
fathers and our fathers founded in septennial streams' of
blood, we ask you, m all seriousness, to oiganize yourselves
as one man under the banners of liberty, and to aid us ii*
exterminating slavery, which is the only thing that mili-
tates against our complete aggrandizement as a nation."
That is what you asked the people to do. That
is your party creed. That is what you are re-
sponsible to the people for, and that is what yon
have sent wide-spread to the country as your
opinion. To exterminate slavery wherever it ex-
ists, is your watch-cry and creed. For that you
waste thousands of dollars; for that you scatter
this book broadcast over the nation; and I have
no morfl doubt that this speech of Seward's and
this indorsement by him and sixty-eight mem-
bers of Congress, was the inducement to John
Brown and his associates to make that raid upon
Virginia, than I have that I stand here talking to
you to-day about this matter. When you pro-
duce {sixty-eight members of Congress, sworn to
support the Constitution of the United. States and
the interests of this nation, who have recom-
mended the incendiary and treasonable doctrines
of this book, and when you put forward your
great leader, Mr. Seward, to proclaim this doc-
trine of "irrepressible conflict," do you suppose
that any man of common sense does not believe
that John Brown, and such men, would not be-
lieve that he was backed up in his invasion of
Virginia? Is there a man of common sense and
common honesty, that reads and ponders over
thc.se things, who doo,s not come to the same con-
clusion? And yet this man, John Sherman,
whosse garments arc dyed with the blood of its
victims, you propose to make third officer in the
political goveinmont of the nation; and you ex-
pect us to stand by and agree with you. Oh,
what a mistake you are making'
Now, as to thus book. 1 will not read some of
the terrible things that are in it, for I do not pro-
pose to put them in circulation. But I will show
you how careful you were in the compcnd to strike
out what might, at the first blush, alarm the pa-
triot, alarm the men who having gone so farwero
not disposed to go further.
Hear the definition which this Helper gives of
Frce-Soilcrs:
<c A Free-Soiler is only a tadpole in the advanced state of
transformation: an Abolitionist is the full and perfectly
developed frog."
Of all the despicable insects that crawl on the
earth, the dirtiest and foulest is the toad; and
Helper gives you the benefit of the definition.
But in the compend this beautiful definition is
omitted.
Again: some of the modes in which we are to
be treated are omitted in the compend. They go
to the seventh point and stop there. The omitted
points are:
" 8. No more hiring of slaves by non-slaveholders
