8110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 18,
now recurs on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, on which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted— yeas 18, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bingham, Cameron, Chandler, Clark,
Doolittlo, Foster, Grimes, Hamlin, Italian, Km™, Seward,
Simmon-, Sumner, Ten Eyek, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkin-
son, and Wilson—18.
NAYS—Me^rs. JBiagg, Brown, Chesnut, Crittenden,
Fitzpatriek, Green, Gwm, Hammond, Hemphill, Hunter,
Iverson, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham,
Mallory, Nicholson, Polk. Powell, Pugh, Kiee, Sebastian,
Thomson, Wigiall, and Yulce—25.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HAMMOND. Iofferthefollowingamend-
mcnt, to insert as a new section;
•And be it further cnactc<K That for the purpose of ena-
bln.fi the tfocioiary oi the Navy to cairy into effect the con-
tract mailt' ou the 21-1 day ot May, l&>9, lor teeming coal
lor the use o; ti.o Navy, and other privilege* named in said
contract, Hie miui of ,"§300,000 : Provulc-t, The paid sum
-shall hi' paid in United States bonds, beanng five per cent.,
redeemable in twenty years.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have had occasion to look
into this matter, i believe- it is in relation to the
contract, to get coal, with the Chiriqui company.
1 do not propose to take up the time of the Senate
in the discussion of it; but there are two or three
things contained in that contract winch, it seems
to me, are entire shams. In the first place, the
contract gives to the United Slates the simple right
to dig coal. The contract, in the next place, as-
sumes to give to the United Stales the right to
transport troops across the road which is men-
tioned, in which contract the charter given by New
Granada to th.s Chiriqui company especially de-
clares that no foreign troops shall be carried over
the road. In the third place, this contract pur-
ports to give to the United Suites (be use of their
narbois and the lands adjoining the harbors upon
both oceans, when, by the express contiact, this
right of using the harbors is given to this com-
pany, and, in the nature of things, itis impossible
that a private company can transfer to the Gov-
ernment of the United Slates a public right to use
the harbors and the public watersof anothersov-
<?reignty. Upon these three grounds, theiefore,
the contract m good for nothing; and 1 am op-
posed altogether to this amendment.
Mr. HAMMOND, I do not propose, Mr.
President, to occupy more than a moment of the
time of the Senate, in making a statement in ref-
erence to this contract. It seems that the Secre-
tary of the Navy, last year, under the advice of
the Attorney General, who had examined all the
titles connected with this cession from New Gran-
ada to this company, and who pronounced the
titles all fair, and the transaction a legal one, with
all the facts before him, and in consultation with
the minister from New Granada, made this con-
tract. Now, sir, wc might discuss here forever
the vnnous details connected with it; but I assume
that it hua gone through the Departments, as they
have investigated it, and, have in the strongest
terms recommended thatthisappropnation should
be made to carry it out; that we should confirm
it, unless we had better information as to facts, or
object to the general policy which it indicates.
VYre have already three projected routes across
the Isthmus of Darien; but none of those routes
are likely to answer for commercial purposes.
They have no harbors. From two to three miles
is the lighterage on everything that'is earned
across cither of those roads, and they must go
through a very sickly region. This route affords
harbors on both sides of the coast equal to any in
the world. The Great Eastern can enter and an-
chor anywhere in either of them, and perhaps all
the ships of the world could there find safe anchor-
age protection, which the mere roadsteads on both
sides of the isthmus on the other routes do not
affordfrojn those terrible winds called "northers."
Therefoie, for commercial purposes, this is the
route, if you can get across the isthmus. It is
said that it is only eighty miles across, and that
nowhere will there he a higher grade than sixty
feet in a mile, which can be easily overcome by a
railroad. With such harbors and such facilities,
the route certainly presents itself to ray mind as
the best for commercial, and perhaps, all other
purposes. The country is said also to be very
healthy.
Now, we do not actually know anything about
these things. All of this may be a job; it may be
false; and yet we have the reports of respectable
men, men of standing, men of science, who state
the facts to be as I am stating them now; and
what more can we do ? In my opinion, itis worth
while, even if wc should be entirely deceived m
this transaction, to run the risk of such a sum as
$300,000, with the chances of getting such advant-
ages as these.
But, sir, in addition to the harbors, there are
inexhaustible beds of coal lying so near the water
that, with a short wharf, they can be earned up
and thrown over into a vessel of almost any num-
ber of tons burden anchored at the spot. This
coal has been tested, and the accounts are that it
is equal to the best cannel coal. The superficial
coal that has been pxposed perhaps for centuries
upon centuries to atmospheric influence is not so
good, but even that is tolerable; and the opinion
of competent geologists is, that in the lower strata
it is equal to any coal in the world. Now, our
United States vessels use some ten thousand tons
of coal on the Atlantic side every year, at a cost
of fourteen dollars a ton, and by this contract it
is proposed to get and deliver the coal at $1 30.
But, suppose it was delivered at three or four
dollars a ton, you make at once $100,000 a year
by this operation. You pay but $300,000, and
you would save $100,000 in this very matter of
coal.
With regard to the right of goingover the road
with free transit, I am not so sure that I under-
stand the member from Wisconsin. It is true, I
believe, that the Government there declared that
this cession to Mr. Thompson should not be made
over to any foreign Government. It was not in-
tended that any foreign Government should ever
acquire any sovereignty there; and there may
have been a special reservation, though it escaped
me, as regarded troops; and 1 do not know why
we should send tioops that way, but everything
else in the shape of United States property is al-
lowed to go without toll. Now, as regards the
title to the land, the United States does not pro-
pose to acquire anything like sovereignty. All
this Government proposes to acquire by this con-
tract is a certain amount of land upon which to
build naval depots. I do not consider that any
claim of sovereignty. That is a thing that does
not violate our Constitution. It is a thing that
we have been doing for half a century; for we
have nheady, at the only place in which our com-
merce has required it,at PortMahon, just what wc
are acquiring now at this place. 1 see no viola-
tion of the Constitution in this. If I could lay
my hand immediately upon it, I could read the
opinion of tile mimsier of New Gianada upon
that very point, that they had a ru;ht to cede to
the United States, just as they would ccde to any-
body else: that is, to sell the right to the United
States to make a naval depot, just as they would
sell a right to put up a warehouse. It does not
include sovereignty.
I have looked into this subject, mainly to form
my own opinion, some time ago; but it so hap-
pened, from my situation on a committee, that it
has fallen upon me to offer this amendment with-
out time to read the papeis again, and therefore I
state, just m a few words, why it is that 1 vote for
it, and I leave it to other Senators, better acquaint-
ed with the matter, to meet the whole question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President 
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I desire to say one 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I yield.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 desire to occupy the
time of the Senate only for a moment upon this
proposition, as I made a statement in regard to it
and had not then the report m my hand, but I
can refer to it now. The contract enteied into
between the Government of thcUruted States 
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the report?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Itis reportNo. 568, made
in the House of Representatives. I read, in this
case, from the views submitted by Mr. Sedgwick,
which contain a statement of the giants made by
New Granada to Thompson &. Co. The contract
between the Secretary of the Navy and Thomp-
son and the Chiriqui Improvement Company is
also sel out m this report. The privileges which
are here granted to the United States, I con-
cede, if they were granted by.thc Government of
New Granada, would be valuable privileges. I
concede, further, that, in my opinion, this route
across the isthmus, called the Chiriqui route, is
perhaps as valuable, if not the most valuable, of
all the routes across the isthmus, in consequence
of the harbors upon both sides, and the whole
across an isthmus over which a railroad could be
constructed, the distance being not very great.
This contract between the Secretary of the Navy
and the Chiriqui Improvement Company purports
to give to the United States—
"The right of transit over the roadway granted direct to
said Ambrose W.Thompson, extending from sea to sea. and
the further right to use, as harbors, the waters, gulfs-, bays,
or lagoons, sheltered or paitially surioimded by the lands
of said Thompson, or the said improvement company, and
the further right to use the coal lor naval pin poses, as also
to establish coal depots and naval stations."
It also contracts for the right of the transporta-
tion of troops and munitions of war. Now, if I
am not misled by the facts stated in this report,
it was one of the express provisions of the grant
of this company that no foreign troops or muni-
tions of war shall pass over this road without the
consent of the General Governmentof the Repub-
lic; and there is a further provision that'' Thomp-
son is authorized to assign his rights, properties,
and privileges, too, but not to any foreign Gov-
ernment." Now, you arc paying §300,000—for
what? For your harbors; for your right of way
to the Government of the United States; and what
do you get? By the express grant from New
Granada to this company, these rights cannot be
assignedto a foreign Government; and if the Gov-
ernment of New Granada had granted the right
to use their harbors to an individual, it would be
against the law of nations that that individual
could transfer them to a foreign sovereignty. I
think, therefore, Mr. President, we ought not to
appropriate $300,000 to the purchase of rights
under that contract of Thompson and the Chiriqui
company.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, I regard this as
one of the most important propositions that has
ever been biought befoiethe Senate, affecting the
interests, not only of the Government, but of the
commerce of the United States more than any
other that has been proposed in the last twenty
years. I am aware that extraordinary efforts,
growing out of interested motives, have been made
to defeat it; but in spite of all that, its intrinsic
merits, and its character for justice and piopriety,
are so striking and so manifest, that the attention
of the Senate need but be called to it to see it,
appreciate it, and approve it.
This contiact proposes four things, as set foi th
in the report of the Secretary ofjhe Navy, either
one of which is worth ten times as much as the
consideration proposed to be paid by the United
States. In the first place, it concedes to the Uni-
ted States the privilege of coaling the marine of
the United States—1 mean the naval marine, not
the merchant marine—for all time to come. The
report of competent geologists and competent en-
gineers, who have tested the quality of the coal
there, shows that there is 4< sufficient coal to meet
the requirements of five million inhabitants for
the next four hundred years," of a quality which
is certified by the engineer of the Navy, Mr. J.
W. King, who is fully competent to the task, and
whose character for ability in that line of service
is equal to any engineer m it.
Mr. POLK. I hope my colleague will allow
me to ask him a question, tie said the privilege
was for all time to come. Is not sixty years the
limit?
Mr. GREEN. No, sir; the mines are for all
time to come. The road-way is for sixty years.
I will explain all these points. The coal mines
are in fee-simple. The lands are in fee-simple in
perpetuity. The privilege of transit across the
isthmusisforsixty years. These coal mines have
been denounced according to the principles of the
laws of New Granada. They have been certified
to in conformity with every one of the require-
ments of those laws. The alcaldes and the pre-
fects have prefixed their seals, and the mmisterof
that Republic to the Government of the United
States has certified that they are all correct, in
conformity with the law, and that the title is per-
fect and complete.
The first point I make is this: supposing it to
he as the Senator from Wisconsin would insinu-
ate, that the other throe provisions proposed to
be sold amounted to nothing, and that the United
States would acquire no title: I say the coal priv-
ilege alone, of itself, is worth a thousand times
more than the consideration proposed to be paid.
Three hundred thousand dollars at fi se per cent, is
§15,000 a year. What does our coal to the Gulf
