202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
" 9. Immediate death to slavery, or, if not immediate,
unqualified proscription of its advocates during the period
of its existence.
" 10. A tax nf sixty dollars on every slaveholder for each
and every negro in his possession at the present time or at
any intermediate time between now and the 4tli of July,
1863, &c.
" 11. An additional tax of forty dollars per annum to be
levied annually on every slaveholder for each and every
negro found in his possession after the 4th of July, 1863."
These things are taken out of the book. The
book contains four hundred and twenty pages;
the compendium contains two hundred and four-
teen pages. In the compendium, the following
definition is given of the word Abolitionist:
" And here, perhaps, we may be pardoned for the digres-
sion necessary to show the exact definition of the terms
abolish, abolition, Abolitionist.
" Abolish, v. t. To make void; to annul; to abrogate;
applied chiefly and appropriately to established laws, con-
tracts, rites, customs, and institutions; as to abolish laws
by a repeal, actual or virtual. To destroy or put an end to;
as to abolish idols.
" Abolition, n. The act of abolishing; or the state of
beingabokshed; an annulling; utter destruction; as the
abolition of laws, decrces, ordinances, rites, customs, &c
The putting an end to slavery; emancipation.
" Abolitionist, n. A. person who favors abolition, or the
immediate emancipation of slaves
Again he says:
" Non-slaveholders of the South—farmer:*, mechanics,
Working men—we take this occasion to assure you that the
slaveholding politicians whom you have elected have hood-
winked you, trifled with you, used you as mere tools for
the consummation ot their wicked designs. Thoy have
purposely kept you in ignorance, and have, by molding
your passions and prejudices to suit themselves, induced
you to act in direct opposition to your dearest rights and
interests. By a system of the grossest subterfuge and mis-
representation, and in order to avert, for a season, the ven-
geance that will most assuredly overtake tiiem ere long,
they have taught you to hate the lovers of liberty, who aie
your best and only true friends. Now, as one ot your own
number, we appeal to you to join us m our earnest and
timely efforts to iescue the gencious soil of the youth from
the usurped and desolating control of these political vam-
pires. Once and forever, at least so far as this countiy is
concerned, the infernal question of slavery must be dis-
posed of; a speedy and absolute abolishment of tho whole
system is the true policy of the South; and this is the pol-
icy which we propose to pursue. Will you aid us, will vou
assist us, will j on be freemen or w ill) ou be t>laves? The -e
are questions of vital importance ; weigh them well in your
minds; come to a prudent and firm decision, and hold your-
selves vi readiness to act in accordant? therewith. You must
cither be form or against us—anti-&laveiy or pio-rlavery ,
it is impo>sibIe/or you to occupy a neutral zroundj it u as
certain as fate itself, that if yon do not voluntarily oppose
the usurpations and ounages of the sluveocrats, they will
foice you into mvoluntaiy compliance with then mt'amou-.
measures. Consider well the aggressive, fiaudulent, and
despotic power which tliey haveoxeiciscd in the aOansoi
Kansas; and remember that if, by adhering to erroneous
principles of neutrality or non-iesistanee, you allow them
to force the curse of slavery on that or any other vast and
fertile field, the broad area of all the surrounding States and
Tcrritoiies—the whole nation, in fact—'will soon iall a prey
to their diabolical intrigues and machinations."
They are advised to be ready to act. They are
advised that tho absolute abolishment of slavery
in tho States is to be fought lor; and they are
to hold themselves in readiness to act with this
infernal party. Now, what does this mean ?
"What is the object of (hi;; ad\ice bu( to s!ir up
in our midst the .-.pint of revolution and sedition 5
Now, Mr. Clerk, so far as 1 am concerned, I can
safely say, my people—the non-slaveholders—are
our most conservative population; they would
hang these men .sooner than the slaveholders.
But, sir, other men may not consider themselves
as safe. Wo have a right to safety, to clear, dis-
tinct, and emphatic safety, under our much-loved
Constitution. Do you tell me, with this speech of
•Seward, and recommendation of lumseif and
sixty-eight members of Congress, with Greeley,
Weed, & Co., that John Brown was not author-
ized to believe that these men were at his hack?
Do you tell me th?t John Brown did not believe
that Sherman, and ail these men who signed
that paper, were not at his back, and were not
willing to aid him and stand by him ? Sir, it is
useless to say so. Every man of sense in the
country must draw the inference from tins lan-
guage that this thing was to be done, and that
these men who embarked in it thought that the
men who signed this leeoimnendation were nf
their back. And I say ngam,hcre in the presence
of my God, and in all truthfulness, that if thoy
wore tried before a jury of intelligent men, who
feared God and loved their country and its Con-
stitution and laws, they would be convicted under
the laws as accessories before the fact, upon evi-
dence which can be produced,and which is shown
by these papeis. Talk to me, a Constitution-
loving and law-abiding and country-adoring man,
ask me, the Representative of the most consul va-
tive and largest slaveholding district in the United
States, if they will stand by a Union with States
that are under the control of parties who advise
the people of our own districts to murder and
butcher us ! You have done it, sirs, and that wise
man from Ohio [Mr. Cgrwin] saw it—after nom-
inating Sherman, saw his trouble—and went to
the law books to see if he could be held respons-
ible as a second mdorser.
Now, Mr. Clerk, as a Union-loving man, as
one who adores his country, and has a species of
religious veneration for the Union, when I saw in
the newspapers that this gentleman was arraying
himself upon the side of the Constitution and
laws, and proclaiming his nationality, I, for one,
was willing to forget his antecedents and to rec-
ognize him as a national man, ready to stand by
and save the Union. "Well, sir, he knew the game
he had been playing; he knew that he had been
trying to satisfy the mind of the country that he
was a national man; and he saw that, in nominat-
ing this man Sherman, he had politically disgraced
himself; he felt that the taint which attaches to
Sherman must attach to him; and, as he has told
us, ho went to the law books to ascertain how far
he was legally responsible as his indorser. Now,
sir, what does this show? It shows that Corwin
was ashamed of his company, and would like to
get out of it; but back-bone and nerve were want-
ing, even in the embodiment of Republicanism,
if we can believe this gentleman.
Again, .sir, do you want any further evidence?
Let us examine a little further into this precious
volume, which these gentlemen think embraces
the words of truth, and should be circulated to en-
lighten the public mind. Let us look a little fur-
ther. He says here:
"Tint's, if you arc not vigilant, they will take advantage
of your neutrality, and make you and others the victims of
their inhuman de-potism. Do not reserve the strcngtli cf
your arms until you shall have been rendered poweiless to
strike; the pieseut is the proper time lor action."
Yes, sir; John Brown was to strike. Thoy wore
warned that they were to strike at once—that now
was tho proper time to strike. What is the mean-
ing of to stnkc3 What is the meaning of this
being the proper time to strike3 Taken in con-
nection with the strike made by John Brown in
Virginia, and what have you ? You have clear
evidence that the men who signed the recommend-
ation, and subsciibed money to circulate this ter-
rible book, were to aid him. What was tho object
of placing this book in the hands of the people?
Why, sir, to raise a servile war; to desolate our
beautiful plains; to do that which savage Indians
have scarcely ever done, unless they had been
made drunk to do it. Pikes were prepared—and
I wish I had one of them here to show to the
House—which.were to be put into tho hands of
those ignorant people. To do what? To strike
men with? No, sir; but to murder women and
clnldien with, and to desolate our fair plains.
Here is what this man advises:
u 1. Thoiough oiganizatiou and independent political
action on the pait. of the non-slaveholding whites of the
South
"2. Ineligibility of pro-slaveiy slaveholders-—never an-
othei voto to any one who advocates the letention and per-
petuation of human slaveiy.
"3. No eo -peratron with pro-slavery politicians—no fel-
lowship with them in religion—no affiliation with them m
soeicty.
"4. No pationage to pro-slavery merchants—no guest-
slnp m slave waiting hotels—no fees to pro-slavery lawyeis
--no employment of pro-slavery ph)=?ician<=—no audience
to p(o--l<ivery parsons.
No more hiring of slaves by non-slaveholders.
IC G. Abrupt discontinuance of subscription to pio-slavery
uew--p<inci-<.
7 The gicatcst possible encouragement to fiee white
labo!/''
Well, gentleman, when you desire to have no
commerce with us, I warn you that we are pre-
pared for that, and you need but let us know it.
Genriemcn, your mother country—a country that
has no sort of hesitation in sending her helpless
women naked into the pits indiscriminately with
men to work for a bare subsistence—that country
which has made herself rich upon the hard earn-
ings of her down-trodden masses—that country
which is ever prcaching to the world morality,
humanity, and charity—that country has advised
you, has aided you, has urged you into this posi-
tion.
And why? Because nothing would give her
more gratification, nothing would conduce more
to her interests, than that you should follow this
advice; for then, instead of your four and a half
million tonnage doing nearly the whole of the car-
rying trade of the $160,000,000 of southern pro-
ducts, her vessels would come in for a great part
of it. In place of our making you the lords of
the earth by being your laborers, by sustaining
your factories, by giving you our cotton to work,
and by building up your large cities, we should
have direct trade with England, France, and Ger-
many, and those countries would receive all these
benefits. And, so help me God, without having
a particle of objection to any of you who have
not made yourselves particeps criminis m this
transaction,'! would rather see you made great
and glorious than pandering in this manner to this
whore of the nations in morals, (England.) But
you scorn us, you deride us, you say we are not
worthy of connection with you. All you have
said I indorse, if you force me to do so; and if you
ultimately force the sequence upon us, I, for one,
accept the proposition. If you force us to resist-
ance, it is you, not us, who do this. It is you,
gentlemen, who indorse Helper. It is you, who
recommend the -destruction of our rights. It is
you, Senator Seward, and sixty-eight members
of Congress who indorsed this book, you and
Horace Greeley and your committtee of Black
Republicans, who are the recommenders of this
impending crisis. And here it is:
From Hon. William II. Seuard.
(i 1 have read ' The Impending Crisis of the South' with
deep attention. It seems to me a work of great merit,
nch, yet aceuiatc, in statistical information, and logical in
analysts."
New York, March 9,1859.
Pear Sir. If you have read and cutically examined the
work, jou will ptobably agree with us that no couise of
argument so [successfully controverting the practice of sla-
very in the United States, and enforcing a precise and ade-
quate view ot its prostrating effects, material and moral,
has equaled that ot the volume entitled " The Impending
Crisis of the South: How to Meet it," by H in ton Rowan
lielpei, of Noith Carolina.
No othei volume now betoie the public, as we conceive,
is. m alt ietpeet«, s-o well calculated to induce in the minds
ol its leadeis a decided and persistent repugnance to slavery
and a willingness to co .peiate in the effou to restiain the
shameless advances and hurtful influences of thatpcini-
cious institution.
The <j\ten«ivo enculation of a copious compendof the
woik m question among the intelligent, liberty-loving vo-
ters of the countiy, irrespective of party or locality, would,
we believe, be productive of most beneficial lesuits, and to
this end we trust you will assist us in cairymg out a plan
we have devised for the gratuitous distribution of one bun-
dled thousand copies of such a compenri, which, if con-
tracted foi and published, will contain about two hundred
pages, and be bound m pamphlet toim.
One hundred thousand copies of the contemplated com-
pend, winch, on about two hundred pages, would contain
very neatly all the matter now embraced in the legular
volume, (which sells for one dollai pet copy,) can be had,
well printed on good papeufor sixteen cents each—xlG.000
in the aggregate. Tins amount we piopose to raise in such
sums as you and other good friends ot a good cause feel
disposed to subscribe.
in all cases, when convenient, contributor to the cause
will please make their subscriptions in the form of drafts,
or certificates of deposit, payable to the order of the Hon.
William II. Anthon, 16 Exchange Place, New Yoik city,
our treasurer and disburser, who will legulaily, through
the columns of the Tribune, acknowledge receipts of the
same.
Every perron who subscribes ten dollars, or more, will,
if timely application be made, be entitled to as many copies
of the coinpend for distribution as he may desne, not ex-
ceeding the number that the amount of ins subscription
would pav for at net co^t.
Subscribers.' names, with the sums seveially subscribed
by them, in all cases wheic the amount i* ten dollars or
more, will appear, alphabetically arranged, in the latter
part of the compend.
Correspondence orpei«onal interviews in relation to this
enterprise maybe had with anyone of the undei signed,
who will be pleased to receive subscriptions in aid of its
speedy consummation.
An early response from you is respectfully solicited.
William H Anthon, Treasurer, 16 Exchange Place, New
Yoik. S. E. Sewall, Boston, Massachusetts. William
. Gunnison, Baltimore. 8. Padleford, Providence. L. Cle-
1 plume, Washington. W. B. Thomas, Philadelphia. Cas-
siu« M. Clay. Whitehall. W. McCaulev, Wilmington. F.
P. Blair, jr., St. Louis.
The undersigned having been appointed a committee in
New York, to aid in the circulation of Mr. Helpci's hook,
on the plan proposed above, beg leave to recommend the
obiect to the public, and ask their cooperation.
Subscriptions may be sent to the Hon. William If. An-
thon, No. lo Exchange Place, New York, directly, or
through either of the undersigned committee:
Charles W. Elliott, It. II. McCurdy,
Abram Wakeman, David Dudley Field,
William Curtis Noyes, James Kelley,
C. A. peabody, Edsrar Kctchu'm,
Benjamin F. Manieire, James A. Biiggs.
We, the undersigned, members of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the national Congiess, do cordially indorse
