2166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
as a member of Congress, I do not know that I
have written a letter in a committee-room on sta-
tionery drawn by the committee, unless it has
been on committee business.
Mr. ROCOCK. The next two items in this
account are:
Committee on Private Land Claims $12 87
Committee on the Militia  31 44
It strikes me that is rather a large amount in
consideration of the business which I supposed
was before the Committee on the Militia.
Mr. TOMPKINS. The only stationery our
committee has hud,.so far as I remember, was,
perhaps, five inkstands, five sand-boxes, and, per-
haps, a couple of reams of paper, which, I think,
is nearly all on hand.
Mr. BOCOCK. I should have supposed the gen-
tleman anticipated war, and was preparing for an
entire reorganization of the militia of the country,
by the quantity of stationery which seems to be
charged to his committco. [Laughter.]
Mr. TOMPKINS. Well, sir, as the gentle-
man has callcd attention to the Committee on the
Militia, I wish to say that there is a very im-
portant bill before us, which I intend to report at
the earliest possible moment; but it was not
written upon that stationery at all. [Laughter.]
I cxpcct to report it soon, and I hope the House
will pass it.
Mr. BOCOCK. I understand the gentleman
to say, then, that lie has one bill before this com-
mittee.
Mr.TOMPKINS. Oh, yes, sir; wc have three
bills before it.
Mr. BOCOCK. Very good. I will now go on
with this statement:
Committee on Military AlTaus $9:J 83
Committee on Mileage  25 43
Committee on Naval Atlair.s  28 28
Committee on Patents       10 49
Cwnmuttee on Public Building and Grounds  13 65
Committee on Printing  20 89
Committee on Public Lands  14 CI
Committee on the Po*t Ofhco and Po*.t RoiuU  49
Committee on Public Expenditures  16 17
Committee on Revolutionary Claims  39 87
Committee on Itevolutionaiy Pensions.  51 08
Committee on Roads and Canals .   11 93
Committee on Revi&al and Unfinished Uubinesh.... 25 56
Here, sir, is the Committee on Public Lands
having more business to do than any other com-
mittee in the House, with the exception of the
Committee of Ways and Means, which have
drawn stationery only to the amount of $14 01,
while the Committee on Revisal and Unfinished
Business have drawn ^25 66 worth. Now, sir,
what revisal and unfinished business have tluit
committee had charge of ? I never heard of their
having any meeting at all. Put I proceed with
the statement:
Committor on Territories $44 01
Committee of Ways and Means  22 06
Committee of Elections  63 08
Covodf'a holect committee  44 72
Mr. COVODE. As the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Engraving is not here, it is proper that
I should state, having been a member of that com-
mittee, that the stationery left over when the com-
mittee was abolished was transferred to the select
eommittee, and goes into the account of our com-
mittee.
Mr. HOUSTON. What committee ?
Mr. COVODE. The investigating committee,
of which I am chairman.
Mr. HARDEMAN. Being a new member of
the House of Representatives, and interested in
everything in the way of reform, I should like to
know what inference wc arc to draw*from this
statement. Is it a reduction or an increase on
former sessions ?
Mr. BOCOCK. I do not know. The gentle-
man can ascertain by referring to the statement of
the expenditures of the House for the last Con-
gress.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can answer the gentle-
man 'squestion, because, having had my attention
called to it, I looked into the matter. It is less
than the amount expended in the last session.
Mr. BOCOCK. This statement, I believe, is
only made up to the 9th of April of the present
year.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is true. Thegcntle-
man will also recollect that the last session closed
on the 4th of March. This item of expenditure
for that service was a little over one thousand dol-
lars; for the present session, so far as the state-
ment is made up, which includes about the same
length of time, it is about seven hundred dollars.
Several Members. For a longer time.
Mr. SHERMAN. The House, gentlemen will
recollect, did not organize for some time. I think,
however, that the old committees, up to that time,
as a matter of courtesy, were allowed to draw
stationery to be used in their committee-rooms.
Mr. BOCOCK. I would say, as chairman of
the old Naval Committee, that I was not m the
committee-room, so far as I recollect, until after
the House organized; and certainly not one cent's
worth of stationery was drawn by my order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I only know, from the in-
formation which has been given me, that station-
ery was furnished in some of the committee-rooms.
I suppose some for the use of the chairmen, who
were preparing bills to be presented when the
House met.
Mr. HOUSTON. I want to say, in reply to
the gentleman from Ohio, that, as chairman of
the Committee on the Judiciary during the last
Congress, if any stationery was ordered by that
committee before the organization of the present
House, I do not know it. It certainly was not
obtained on any order of mine. I was not in the
committee-room, to my knowledge, before the
organization; and I do not suppose that any sta-
tionery was ordered there.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, sir, this is not a very
important matter. It only shows the tendency
in such small matters. I, for one, should be per-
fectly willing that the committees should be de-
prived of any right to order stationery, although
it is very convenient and very necessary for the
chairman of a committee to call on the Postmas-
ter for the stationery required in the business of
the House. It seems, from this statement, that
the Committee of Ways and Means have drawn
some twenty-two dollars5 worth during the prcs- 1
ent session. So far as I am concerned, I have j
kept my own private stationery in that commit- j
tee-room, and have used none drawn by the com- i
mittce, except for the business of the committee; 1
and I believe that has been the habit of all the
Committee of Ways and Means. I say, I should
be very willing to have this power taken away; but
I think we should not spend anymore time upon it
Mr. HARDEMAN. Will it be in order to
move that the rest of this tale appear m the New
York Ledger? [Laughter.]
.The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it will
hardly be in order.
Mr. FOSTER. The Committee on Revisal and
Unfinished Business is the only Democratic com-
mittee in the House. I have the honor to be a
member of that committee, and I have never been
invited to a meeting and have never used a sheet
of paper belonging to it.
Mr. BRANCH. Who is chairman ?
Mr. FOSTER. The gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Logan.]
Mr. SHERMAN. This does not come out of
the $15,000 provision that we have been discuss-
ing, but out of the contingent fund, which has been
already passed.
Mr. STANTON. The room of the Commit-
tee on Military Allan's was never opened until
after the committee was appointed by the present
Speaker. The committee has now on its docket
about two hundred cases. The stationery that
is on hand, I will inform the gentleman, will last
the committee through the session.
Mr. MAYNARD. The committee of which I
am a member, the Committee of Claims, seems to
have drawn the laigest amount of stationery.
There is a clerk provided for that committee by
law. The clerk employed at the commencement
of the last Congress was an old offictnl,who had
served in that capacity for several years. He
informed the members of the committee that they
were entitled to such stationery as would proba-
bly be used in examining cases and preparing
reports upon them. He furnished each member
with a certain amount of stationery—I do not
know how much. Plow this practice originated
I cannot tell, I found the practice in existence
when I came here, and it has been followed ever
since. I think more stationery was furnished at
the last Congress than we have received during
the present.
Mr. MOORHEAD moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. John Cochrane reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly the
amendments of the Senate to House bill No. 4,
making appropriations for the consular and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1861, and had directed him
to report the same back to the House, some with,
and some without, concurrence; and that it had
also under consideration House bill No. 339,
making appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending Lhe 30th of June, 1861, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded the previous ques-
tion on the amendments of the Senate to the con-
sular and diplomatic bill.
The pievious question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
COVODE COMMITTEE.
Mr. OLIN. 1 rise to a privileged question. I
am directed by the committee appointed March
5, 1860, to offer the following resolution:
Resolved. That the select committee under the resolution
of this House of March 5 he authorized to employ a stenog-
rapher at the s'lmc rate of compensation as that received
by the Oiobe reporter ; and ahso that said committee have
leave, fiom time to time, during the progress ot their in-
vestigations, to have the testimony taken before them
piintwd.
Mr. FLORENCE. I object to that resolution.
Mr. OLIN. I have the right to report it at any
time.
| Mr. GARTRELL. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
And thereupon (?it five o'clock and forty-five
minutes, p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 18, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (No. 714) establishing certain post
routes, received from the House of Representa-
tives on the 16th instant, was, on motion of Mr.
Gwij?, read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. LANE presented the memorial of William
H. Bell and Francis H. Bell, praying the Govern-
ment to purchase, for the use of the Army and
Navy, a patent andimprovedprimer; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia.
Mr. HARLAN presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Iowa, praying for the establishment of a
post route from Manchester, in Delaware county,
via Strawberry Point, Taylorsville, Waudcna,and
Illyria, to West Union, in Fayette county, and
the establishment of a post office at Waudena,
in Fayette county, in that State; which were
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. MALLORY presented the memorial of
Captain E. A. F. Lavallette, late commander of
the Meditciranean squadron, praying that certain
moneys charged to his account may be refunded;
whi< h was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. MASON presented a communication from
the Secretary of Stnte to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, in relation to the
modification of the act entitled "An act to carry
into effect certain provisions in the treaties be-
tween the United States and China and the Otto-
man Porte, giving certain judicial powers to min-
isters and consuls of the United States in those
countries," approved August 11,1848; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KENNEDY presented additional papers
in relation to the claim of Mary J. Maltby; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BROWN presented the memorial of Wil-
liam A. Bradley, setting forth the advantages of
Analostan island as a site for the penitentiary and
jail in the District of Columbia, and offering to
