1860.
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sill
squadron, that plows over the waves of the Gulf
and the Caribbean sea, now cost? One hundred
and fifty thousand dollars a year; and this prop-
osition will effecta saving of §100,000 net annually
in the coal purchased for the squadron in the Ca-
ribbean sea and in the Gulf of Mcxico. Is this a
matter of no consideration? And now, for simply
$15,000 a year interest on the bonds proposed, (fox-
it is no draft upon the Treasury at all,) you net
more than one hundred thousand dollars for the
squadron that floats upon the Gulf and upon the
Caribbean sea, and in the West Indies.
It is known to the Senate, Mr, President, that
the complicated state of affairs growing out of our
relations with Central America, with Mexico, and
with South America, in attempting to counteract
the machinations of France and England, who
are looking with eager eye upon every avenue
likely to be opened to reach the Pacific trade—I
say it is known that we, watching them, arc com-
pelled to keep a squadron in the Gulf, not only
in a political sense and for political purposes and
to accomplish political ends, but moie especially
to protect the rich, the growing, and the oxpand-
ing commerce that comes from the Pacific ocean,
and that must cross that isthmus, and finds its
maiket in New York, in London, Paris, Havre,
and so on. We are exulting because we have made
favorable treaties with Japan to open that trade.
We give them fetes and processions, and congrat-
ulate ourselves with the great success we have
met with in the prospect of reaping rich rewards
from Japan, from China, from Australia, and from
the West Indies. How are we to receive that
commerce? We save in time, in insurance, in
transportation, nearly one half of the cost by cross-
ing the isthmus rather than by doubling Cape
Horn; and every commercial man who has looked
at this subject says, give us a transit across the
isthmus and we will save millions upon millions
ami ualiy.
This subject was presented to the Senate by the
honorable Senator from Now York [Mr. Sew-
ard] in such a siiong and forcible light, showing
its lnipoitance, on a certain occasion not over two
years ago,- that Congress at once voted §*25,000
as a gratuity simply to make an exploration of
the Atrato and up the Truando,and thence across
the mountains to Kelly's inlet, to see if we could
make a ship canal; and it was money wisely ex-
pended—and why? Because of the grand import-
ance of keeping a communication between the
Atlantic and the Pacific. That communication
can only be kept up with a sufficientguard. Eng-
land has now colonists planted upon the Bay
Islands. England has the Bahze. England props
up an Indian king, and invests him with more
than squatter sovereignty, and proposes to treat
with him, trying to get a foothold. France sends
out a M. Belly to get control of the Nicaragua
canaland route and the Honduras route. Others
are making efforts to get hold of the Tehuantepec
route. Already, under the Panama giant, there is
great danger of England getting exclusive control
over H; and I will explain to you why. Under
the Panama charter the light to redeem the road
diminishes m amount with every year that ex-
pires, and after a certain period of time, $5,000,000
of money paid into the Treasury will redeem
the road. England holds $45,000,000 against
the Itnpablic of New Granada. With that she
can afford to advance $5,000,000, and take con-
trol of the road, for it yields now more than
twenty-five per cent, net profit per annum, charg-
ing for a ton twenty dollars for the transit.
-Mr. POLK. What road?
Mr. GREEN. The Panama and Aspinwall
road; for it imposes heavy burdens upon com-
meice, heavy burdens upon passengers; and I
was u-mnrkingthattlicrc wasgreatdangcrof Eng-
land getting control of that road. I examined
this subject very closely when I was unfortu-
nately compelled to represent tins Government m
that itepubhe. 1 then wrote to the president of
the Panama road to amend the grant, if possible,
andgotitcxtended to ninety-nine years rather than
forty-nine, as was the original charter, and is ihe
present charter, from its date. They neglected it;
and now, when they .see another route about to
be opened with better health, better harbors, bet-
ter condition, shorter trip, they have, raised their
objections, and infused poison in the ears of gen-
tlemen for the purpose of defeating, if possible,
this gigantic enterprise, great m itself, and im-
measurably great to the interests of the Republic
of the United States. The Tehuantepec route will
serve its own purpose in its way; so will the
Honduras route; so will the Nicaragua route; so
will the Panama route; but none of them have
harbors. At Aspinwall is the open roadstead,
and when the trade wind blows in,as it does more
than half the year from thesoulhwest, vessels are
not secure; and, if anything like a storni arises,
they have to weigh anchor, and put to sea; and if
they do not, they are wrecked and sink. At San
Juan, it is well known there is no harbor. On
the Tehuantepec route, half the time they cannot
land, and vessels putting out from New Orleans
getting there, have been compelled to return be-
cause they could not land. Let one of these
northers blow, as they blew when General Scott
was trying to land there to bombard Vera Cruz,
and capture that town, and it will sometimes keep
you weeks waiting. 1 mention these difficulties.
Do these same things exist with regard to the
Chiriqui route? No, sir. Take the reports of
the English admirals, of the French admirals, of
the American officers who have sounded, meas-
ured, tested, navigated, and rested in security m
those harbors, and they all certify to you, as the
hydrographical office in London will prove, as
your Coast Survey Office in this city will prove,
that there is no harbor in the world superior to
the Chiriqui lagoon, behind Sheppard Island; it
is secure, safe, with deep water. More than all
that, there are rich cool springs pouring down the
mountains, where you can get water in abund-
ance for steamers, or for the supply of vessels to
go to sea, and you cannot do it at any other point.
At Aspinwall they cannot even fill a tank, except
with rain water; and the vessels there have to go
down to Porto Bello, some forty miles below, for
the purpose of getting their water. On the Pan-
ama side they have to go down to the island of
Toboga.
If, then, you take into consideration the con-
venience of the harbor; if you take into consid-
eiation the security of the haibor; if you take
into consideration the supplies of the harbor, wa-
ter, coal, material, you will sec the great advant-
ages that the United States will have in making
that a naval depot. England has her naval depot
at Jamaica. There is a sort of free depot at St.
Thomas; but at St. Tliomas there is not a spar
to be had; there is not any material cxccpt where
it is shipped there and sold; while the great dis-
tance it is off, more than seven hundred miles,
piovcnts it from accomplishing the purposes for
which wo want a depot on that border. If we
would protect and maintain our interests there,
we must have a naval depot there, if we will not
permit ourselves to be overrun, if we will simply
ask nothing but what is right, and submit to noth-
ing that is wrong, we will maintain a sufficient
naval force to prevent the overwhelming influence
of British and Fionch authoiity m the isthmus,
(for I include in the isthmus from Vera Cruz
down to the mouth of the Atiato river,) this must
be done for the interests of commerce. We have
our western possessions, to say nothing of the
trade that grows out of the commerce with the
isiandsof the Pacificand all the countries to which
I have before made reference.
Here we have every material for a naval depot.
We have an abundance of coal, which, m itself
alone, will save, on the eastern side, more than
one hundred thousand dollars a year now; while,
if you increase the Navy from the necessities of
the times, it will increase the saving m the same
ratio. On the western side you have the beauti-
ful harbor of Golfito, which is but a small aim of
the beautiful gulf called Golfo Dolce, safe for an-
chorage, secure fiom the winds, where vessels
may rest m peace and security. It saves, m its
tiansit from New Yoifc to San Francisco, more
than three hundred miles of sailing distance. The
supply of coal upon the Pacific quarter averages,
not, as my friend from South Carolina says, four-
teen dollars a ton, but it has a-seraged from twenty
to twenty-six dollars a ton on the Pacific side;
and why, sir? Because, while it may be bought
for from three dollars and forty cents to four dol-
lars a ton on shipboard, when you take your ship
there around Cape Horn, or to Aspinwall, and
oay the freight across the Panama railroad, and
reship it, it brings the amount up to what I have
stated it to be—from twenty to twenty-six dollars
a ton; while the perfection and completion of this
contract will enable the United States to supply
the. Navy at a cost not exceeding seven dollars a
ton in any case.
The Senator from Wisconsin says that this
company have no right to sell the privileges of
that beautiful, tine, secure harbor. If he will
look at the contract, he will find that that is se-
cured. Again, sir, while it is a positive rule with
the Government of New Granada not to permit
any foreign Government to claim any sovereignty
within her border, she will permit any Govern-
ment to acquire property, the fee-simple title, and
make use of it as they please, except to erect forts.
They will not allow fortifications. At the time
the provision was stricken out of the Cass-Her-
ran treaty (for when we made that treaty provis-
ion was made for a coal depot) it was stricken
out becausc the language was vague. They sup-
posed it might be assumed that sovereignty fol-
lowed it; and they are very jealous of their own
sovereignty, stating, at the same time, as the de-
bates prove, as the law of the republic of New
Granada also proves, that any individual and any
Government has a right to purchase and use as a
mere owner but not as a Government. Now the
United States do not claim sovereignty at their
naval depot at Spczzia, in the Mediterranean.
We have a naval depot there. There is a neces-
sity for it there, and a like necessity down here,
because, while we may send out provisions in a
store-ship to supply our squadron, we cannot send
out the means of repairing vessels; and these sud-
den squalls in the Gulf that come up as quick as a
flash of lightning and snap off the masts and dis-
mantle the ship, render it very important that there
should be ready means at hand to repair vessels
and refit them for sea. If they are compelled to
go home, perhaps in tow or otherwise, if they
have to put up their jury masts and float home,
the time lost, and the extra expense is more, while
you lose the benefit of their service m constituting
a part of the Gulf squadron; whereas, had you a
naval depot there, let them run into port, let the
supplies be made use of, let the repairs be had,
and in a few days the vessel could sail again in
her accustomed course. These are important
considerations in a political sense, and in a com-
mercial sense.
Now, to say that there is no railroad grant is
beggingthe question entirely. I mean not to prej-
udice any other route across the isthmus—there
is no occasion for it. The increasing commerce
of the Pacific would well justify more if you could
get them; but if you cannot get them, so let it be.
But whether you ever cross that point or not with
a single soldier, the advantages, even for coal
alone, will be more than ten times the considera-
j tion; and the advantages, in a political sense, arc
j more than a thousand times the consideration in
i having a ready means at hund; in having a naval
i depot to repair and refit and start your vessels
afloat again.
Now, sir, the Senator from Wisconsin says
that, by the express stipulation in the contract,
soldiers are not to be carried over. That is true;
but then, what? Why, says he, the contract
made by this company with Mr. Toucey is that
they may be carried ov er. Thatistiue; but what
of that5 It just amounts to this: you cannot force
the Government of New Granada to let a soldier
pus>s thiough her territory, and you cannot force
the owner of the road toleta soldier pass over his
, road. So fai, therefore, as the ownership of the
j road is concerned, the right to carry a soldier over
! is conceded by the grant. So far as political con-
! federations are concerned, afVcctmgiNewGranada,
| you have to get leave ot New Granada to take
i them over; and I must remind the Senator that
| for every soldier that has ever passed over Pan-
- ama there is a claim pending against this Govern-
i ment 10 this day. Even over the Panama road,
| while you paid ihe road for their passage, the
' Government says, you must pay me also for the
! transit. You paid the company §100,000per an-
; mim for the privilege of taking your mail over,
! one tenth of which goes to the Government. You
j have paid them for bringing your soldiers over,
! back and forth, and now the Government of New
j Graw«da claims indemnity, and a claim has been
j set up amounting to thousands and thousands of
I dollars; so that in this respect the rights and
pnvileges, so fui as transit is concerned, may be
precisely the same under the contract made with
the Chiriqui company as it is with the Panama
