1800.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2161
dispose of the same; which was referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. GWIN presented a resolution of the Le-
gislature of the State of California, in.favor of the
semi-weekly conveyance of the mail by land from
San LouisObispoand Los Angeles, through Santa
Ines, Santa Barbara, and San Buenaventura, in
the county of Santa Barbara, and the establish-
ment of post offices at Santa lnes and San Buen-
aventura, in that county and State; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of Joseph D.
Green, a clerk in the Post Office Department,
praying compensation for performing the duties
of a clerk while he was paid as a laborer; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. MASON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
448) to carry into effect provisions of the treaties
between the United States, China, Japan, Siam,
Persia, and other countries, giving certain judi-
cial powers to ministers and consuls, and other
functionaries of the United States in those coun-
tries, and for other purposes; which was read
twice by its title, ani^referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HEMPHILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
449) to provide for an examination of the claims
of citizens of the United States for indemnity for
spoliations committed by Indians and Mexicans
within the limits of the State of Texas; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on
Claims, to" whom was referred the petition of
Alexander Millar, one of the heirs of Alexander
Millar, deceased, praying remuneration for prop-
erty destroyed during the last war with Great
Britain, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Court
of Claims; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John Bronson, for
payment for goods lost and destroyed by the
enemy on the Niagara frontier during the last
war with Great Britain, asked to he discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Court of Claims; which was
agreed to.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the bill (II. R. No. 342) for
the relief of James Phelan, reported it without
amendment, with a recommendation that it do
pass.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 340) tor the re-
lief of Charles James Lanman, reported it with-
out amendment, with a recommendation that it
do pass.
Mr. BRAGG, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 229)
for the relief of William Brown, reported it with-
out amendment, and submitted an adverse report.
Mr. HEMPHILL, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
344) for the relief of the legal representatives of
Sylvester Day, late a surgeon in thcUmted States
Army, reported it without amendment.
Mr. SAULSBURY, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
Francis M. Green and Henrietta L. Green, chil-
dren of the late Lieutenant Colonel John Green,
of the Army, praying for a pension, submitted an
adverse report.
POST ROUTES IN NOIITII CAROLINA.
Mr. CLINGMAN submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Po -l Roads lie instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing the foliowms post routes :
From Ashville, via Bull Creek, Rums Creek, and Joy
Gap, to Democrat, in Buncombe county.
From Spruce Pine, m Yaneey county, via Ohiidsville,
Lmnville Pails, Lovely Water, and Grand Father Mount-
ain, to Vallev Ciueis, in Watauga county.
Prom Swannanon, m Buncombe county, to MountMifch-
eli.
From Fort Montgomery, in Cherokee county, to Rocky
Point, Tennessee.
From Laurel Valley, in Cherokee county, to Hiwassee
Copper Mines, Tennessee.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. GREEN. I move to take up the resolu-
tion which I offered the day before yesterday,
fixing the regular time of meeting of the Senate
at eleven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GREEN. I propose a slight change in
the resolution, so as to say, that on and after Mon-
day next the regular hour of meeting, until other-
wise ordered by the Senate, shall be eleven o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should think it hardly
worthwhile to act on that just now. The Senate is
very thin, and I suggest to the Senator to put it off
until the Senate is more full. I have some little doubt
whether the Committee on Finance is quite ready
for the adoption of such a resolution now. The
time is coming on when we shall have before that
committee a great deal of business, and we shall
be pressed very much for time. The chairman
of the committee is not here at present. It may
be his opinion that we can get along with this
change; but I do not know it. As yet, we have
no time fixed for the adjournment of Congress,
and there is considerable'business before the com-
mittees; I know there is before the Committee on
Finance. I am in favor, at the earliest practica-
ble moment, of passing a resolution of this kind;
but I doubt whether the time has yet come.
Mr. GREEN. 1 will merely remark that I do
not wish to press this matter when Senators are
absent, but J have consulted the Senator who is
chairman of the Committee on Finance, for I know
that that committee has more work than any
other. Most of the other committees are through.
If, however, it be deemed best to postpone the
consideration of the resolution for a time, until
Senators come in, I shall not object.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it better to post-
pone it until the chairman of the Committee on
Finance is present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the resolution will be laid aside for the
present. The Chair heais no objection to that
course.
PEAY & AYLIITE.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (II. R. No. 328) for the relief of Pcay&
Ayliffe, have instructed me to report it back with
amendments; and as this is abill which has passed
the House of Representatives, and the amend-
ments are very trifling, if the Senate will proceed
to the eonsideration of it now, 1 think we can dis-
pose of it soon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no ob jection to the present consideration of the bill.
Mr. HALE. I will state, as the amendments
are verbal, that they simply make the amount to
be paid to these memorialists payable out of the
general funds of the Treasury, instead of out of
the revenues of the Post Office Department.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded I o consider the bill; which proposes to di-
rect the Postmaster General to adjust the accounts
of Peay & Ayliffe, late contractors on mail route
No. 7503, in the State of Arkansas; and if it ap-
pears, from evidence produced by them or on the
liles of the Department, that in consequence of
the weight of the mails, they were compelled, be-
tween the 1st of July, 1854, and the 15th of June,
1857, to perform extra service, not contemplated
in or covered by their contract, the Postmaster
General is to cause the accounts of the contract-
ors for such extra service to be audited and paid
at a fair rate of compensation.
The amendments of the committee were to strike
out in the thirteenth line the words, " the Post-
master General shall cause,"and in line fourteen
to strike out" to" and insert" shall," and at the
end of the bill to insert" out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated;" so as to
make the last clause read:
Then the accounts of said contractors for such extra
service shall be audited and paid at a fan rate of compen-
sation, out of any money in the Treasuiynot otherwise
appropriated.
The amendments were agreed to. The bill was
reported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ments were concurred in, and ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time. It
was read the third time, and passed.
MOUNTAIN MEADOWS MASSACRE.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Mr. President,
there is upon the Secretary's table a message from
the President of the United States, communica-
ting, in compliance with a resolution of the Senate,
information in relation to the massacre at Mount--'
ain Meadows, and other massacres in Utah Ter-
ritory . ^ I ask that it be taken up, for the purpose
of making an order for its printing.
The motion to take up the message was agreed
to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I now ask that
an order be made for the printing of the message,
with the information which accompanies it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion goes
to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I believe not.
I was just consulting with a member of the com-
mittee in regard to it, and I make a motion that
is not required to go to the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator will
refer to the rule, he will find that it must go to the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I only want
the usual number printed, and I ask the unani-
mous consent of the Senate that that order may
be made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Arkansas asks unanimous consent to have the
usual number of the President's message in re-
gard to the Mountain Meadows massacre printed.
The Chair hears no objection, and the order will
be made.
SOLOMON WADS WORTH.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate now
take up the bill (S. No. 43) for the relief of Solo-
mon Wadsworth. It is a very small matter, and
will occupy but a single moment.
The motion was agreed to; and tlie Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, (S. No. 43,) which proposes to con-
firm the title of Solomon Wadsworth, of Clayton
county, Iowa, to lots Nos. 2 and 3, in section
fifteen, in township ninety-four north, of range
three west, containing one hundred and thirty-
four acres and eighty-four hundredths of an acre,
in that State, and to direct the issuing of a patent
in accordance with the laws of the United States,
upon the payment of $1 25 per acre.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
COURTS IN OREGON.
Mr. LANE. I move to take up the bill (S.
No. 9) to amend " An act for extending the laws
and judicial system of the United States to the
State of Oregon, and for other purposes,"
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. As originally introduced by Mr.
Lane, the bill read as follows:
Be it imridc'U That hereafter the district court for tile
district of Oregon bliaH be iioldcn at Portland, in said dis-
trict; that for the year 1R60, the spring term of said court
shall be holden on the second Monday in May; that the
annual salaiy of tile judge of said distiiet sliallbe S3,500;
that the compensation and fees of the clerk of said court
shall be one hundred per cent, over those provided and al-
lowed by the act to legulate fees and costs to be allowed
^clerks and other officers of the district couits of the United*
States, approved Febiuary 26,1853.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported the
bill with an amendment to strike out all after the
enacting clause, and insert the following:
That the two regular terms of the district court of the Uni-
ted States for the district of Oregon, thai! hereafter be held
at Portland, in said district, commencing on the second
Monday m May and September in each year, and no process
issued, or proceeding pending in said court, shall be avoided
or impaired bv this change of the time and place of holding
the same; but all process, bail bonds, oi iccognizances, re-
turnable to the next term of said court, shall be returnable
and returned to the term of said couit next held according
to this act, in the same manner as if so made returnable on
the face thereof, and shall have full effect accoidingly.
Sec 2. Jind be it further enacted, That the salary of the
district judge of the United States tor said district shall be
ยง3,000.
Mr. HALE. Before this bill passes, I want to
know if this sum of $3,000 is a raising of the sal-
ary of the district judge of Oregon?
Mr. LANE. Early m the session I introduced
this bill fixing the salary at the sum thatthe Sen-
ate agreed to in the bill last year, which allowed
the district judge $3,500, and had it referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary. The committee re-
