1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1223
becoming consumers of articles of comfort and
even of luxury, from the enjoyment of which
they were debarred by their former necessities in
their former condition. In this way, whilst the
labor and industry of the individuals advance their
own prosperity, tlicy contribute to the prosperity
of the country. Instead of diminishing the rev-
enue of the Government, as some apprehend, it
is no difficult matter to show that the necessary
consequence of the progressive development of
the agricultural resources of three million acres of
rich soil, annually brought into cultivation, must
be to swell immensely the exports of the country,
and in like proportion to increase the imports;
thus operating as a measure for constantly in-
creasing the public revenue, as well as the power
and prosperity of the Government.,
But, Mr. President, if it bo conceded, as it no
doubt will be, that labor, and especially agricul-
tural labor, is the basis of national prosperity,
the question under consideration is readily solved.
It follows, that the greater the amount of labor,
and the more productive it is, Justin that propor-
tion the interest of the nation is promoted. The
measure before us has for its leading object the
increase of agricultural labor, and it invites that
labor to a field where it can be employed with the
greatest advantage to its own interests, and con-
sequently with the greatest benefit to the country.
It says to the laboring man in the crowded States,
where competition for employment has reduced
his wages to a scanty subsistence, " Here, in the
far "West, is employment, without ruinous com-
petition, where all the fruits of your labor shall
mure to the benefit of yourself and family." The
nation, as well as liimself and his family, is in-
terested in his acceptance of the invitation.
The measure before us, Mr. President, bears
strongly upon another subject connected with the
theory of republican Government, which is too
important to be overlooked. Mr. Madison said,
that "the most difficult 'of all political arrange-
ments is that of so adjusting the claims of those
with and those without property, as to give se-
curity to each and promote the welfare of all."
Taking man as he is, and socioty as it must be,
we are bound to know that there will always be
one portion wilh and another portion without
property. As property, as well as personal rights,
is an essential object of laws, the question was
early presented in'our Government, whether the
time might not come when the majority would be
without property, and whether, in that state of
society, the interests of property would be safe
under the control of such a majority ? This danger
was not apprehended until population should be-
come dense, and the competition for employment
should reduce labor to the subsistence point. The
results in other countries forewarned the founders
ofour Government that, in the unavoidable contest
between capital and labor, property accumulates
and concentrates m the hands of the tew, whilst it
is steadily withdrawn from the hands ofthe many.
It was hoped that the Federal principle in our sys-
tem of Government would prove efficicntin check-
ing tliis tendency to social inequality. Much, too,
was expected by the abolition of the laws of pri-
mogeniture and'entailments, and the substitution
of rules of descent and distribution that would
make property of all kinds transmissible and dif-
fusible. These laws have operated beneficially;
but it may be well doubted whether the ingenious
devices of capital, 111 procuring exemption from the
general laws, by means of incorporated associa-
tions, has not materially counteracted that influ-
ence in those localities where population has be-
come crowded and the competition for employment
great. But the great preventive in our country
against the evil consequences of a crowded popu-
lation to the interests of laboring men, has been
found in the vast public domain which has been
added to our original territorial possessions. It
is in this point 0? view that the wisdom of those
territorial acquisitions which we have made is
most signally illustrated and demonstrated. The
ready outlet they have constantly furnished for
our crowing and crowding population in the old
States, has proved a powerful protection to labor
ill its conflict with capital. If we could now im-
agine the condition of tilings which would exist,
with our entire population confined and crowded
together within the original limits ofour Govern-
ment, we should be able to appreciate the value
of our acquisitions of territory and the successful
operations of our system of land laws, which
give encouragement to settlements on the public
lands.
It cannot be assumed, however, that the outlet
to labor furnished by our public lands has proved
entirely effectual in preventing.the evils to the
interests of labor apprehended from too dense a
population. Within a few weeks past we have
witnessed indications of dissatisfaction amongst
laboring men and women in some of the New Eng-
land States, which show that the competition for
employment has reduced the wages of labor to a
point at which it looks out for relief from the op-
pressions of capital. We have had placed on our
tables a paper, purporting to be a memorial to the
Legislature of New York, containing statements
as to the growth and prevalence of pauperism in
that State, which are so astounding that it is dif-
ficult to give them credit. In that paper it is said:
" The Governor, in his annual message, declares, that
< while in twenty year?, from 1831 to 1851, the population of
the State increased onlysixty-one per cent., pauperism in-
creased seven hundred and six per cent. In 1831, there
was one person relieved to every one liundred and twenty-
three inhabitants; in 1841, one to every thirty-nine; in 1851,
one to every twenty-four; and in 1856, one to every seven-
teen.'"
If these be facts, they show a state of social in-
equality that fully justifies the apprehensions on
this subject manifested by the founders of our Gov-
ernment, and furnishes a pointed illustration of
the truth, that
" 111 fares the land, to hastening ills a prey,
Where wealth accumulates, and men decay,"
which was so impressively quoted in the Senate,
a few days ago, by one of the Senators from that
State, [Mr. Seward.]
I do not allude to this subject with the view of
criticising the social system in the States where
these inequalities of condition are thus exhibited,
but for the purpose of showing the bearing of the
bill before the Senate on the interests of labor in
its competitions for employment, and mits contest
with capital for remunerative wages. Its influence
on this subject will be apparent when it is remem-
bered that Its direct tendency will be to diminish
the competition for employment, by drawing off a
portion of those seeking it, and thus benefiting
those who remain behind; whilst it furnishes re-
munerative employment to that portion which
shall accept the terms offered by the bill. Whether
we look, then, to its influence in the old States or
in the Territories, the measuic will be productive
of beneficial results. Atthesamo time, itsecures
a large annual increase in tile number of those hav-
ing the interests of property as well as of personal
rights to strengthen their attachment to the Gov-
ernment, thus climinishiiig the evils apprehended
from too great a proportion of those having no
sympathy with the rights and interests of property.
When the policy proposed by this bill, Mr.
President, was originated, in 1846, in the House
of Representatives^ by my colleague, I examined
it with care, and came to the conclusion that it
was a measure of great national moment. At that
time the spirit of sectional agitation had not pro-
gressed so far as fo array the two sections against
each other in dangerous antagonism. Hence the
fact, then as well discernible as now, that whilst
the benefits of the measure would be sought for
by enterprising and needy families in all sections
of the country, yet that its operation would be
greatest in the northern States, did not induce me
to hesitate as to the propriety of its adoption. It
becomes a grave question now, however, when
sectionalism has been formally installed by a dis-
tinct political organization, and when it is believed
to be actuated by sentiments inconsistent with the
full enjoyment of their constitutional rights by
southern men, whether, in this altered condition
of tilings, reasons should not be found for with-
holding support from the measure. In consider-
in0, this question, I am bound to concede that the
majority of those who will be attracted to the pub-
lic domain by this bill, will be opposed m senti-
ment to my views on the subject of sUvveiy. 1
am bound to foresee that the States which shall
be formed upon the population thus gathered to-
gether will be free States. I am bound, further,
to know that every new State thus formed and ad-
mitted into the Confederacy, will increase the pre-
ponderance of political power against the South.
I am bound to believe, from the facts around me,
that when this preponderance reaches a certain
point, if the sectional spirit that now predominates
in the free States shall then prevail, an attempt will
be made to destroy the institution of slavery by
means of an amendment of the Federal Constitu-
tion. On the other hand, I cannot shut .my eyes
to the fact, that the public domain, to be peopled
under the operation of this bill, is inevitably des-
tined to be free territory—that this is the fiat of
the laws of nature if not of our Jaw. I caririot
avoid seeing that the jide of emigration westward,
under the influence of our present land laws, mu?t,
at no very distant period, gather upon our public
domain such an amount of population as will r<#-
der the formation and admission of new free States
unavoidable. I cannot see any other result from
the growth of population on ourpublic lands,un-
der existing laws, than the continual increase of
the political preponderance of the free States, until
that point shall be reached when the power will
exist to amend the Constitution by the exercise
of a pure sectional strength. Whether this bill,
then, passes or not, the result is to be the same—
new free States arc to bo foi-med and added to the
Union until they are to constitute a controlling
political power in the Government.
The question then assumes this attitude: the
public lands wore acquired to be settled and pre-
pared for admission as States. Congress holds
them as trustee for that sole purpose, and is bound
by the Constitution to adopt the measures neces-
sary and proper to execute the trust. The home-
stead policy is, in my judgment, such a measure.
Shall I then declinc to discharge what I regard as
the duty of the trustee, because a political organ-
ization has sprung into existence which manifests
so much hostility to an institution essential to the
interests of the South that nothing but lack of
political, power restrains it from destroying that
institution? Am I to assume that sectionalism
is destined to rule our political contests until there
shall bo such an increase of free States as to en-
able it to accomplish its ultimate purpose? In my
judgment, this sectional antagonism must end,
and end soon, or the southern States will be con-
strained to adopt effectual measures of resistance
and redress. If the former result comes, the
homestead policy will be in operation, to aid in
giving expansion ,growtli,prosperity, and strength
to our Federal system. If the latter result must
come, it must come long before the homestead
policy shall have brought any new free States
into the Confederacy.
I therefore discard all sectional considerations,
as entitled to no legitimate influence in deciding
upon the merits of the measure. If men opposed
to the institution of slavery avail themselves of its
benefits, they will certainly be no more opposed
to it on their farms in the far West, than in the
localities from which they may emigrate. Having
been familiar with the character of pioneers; hav-
ing observed the influence on that character ex-
erted by the habits which distinguish the early
settlers who encounter the hardships and sacri-
fices and dangersof frontier life, 1 cherish the con-
fident belief and hope that the emigrants, when
withdrawn from constant contact with profes-
sional agitators m the crowded towns ana cities,
and when removed from the influence of that mys-
terious susceptibility to excitement observable in
dense populations, will become liberalized, and be
taught mudeiation and conservatism in their new
homes. The open-handed generosity, unselfish
hospitality, whole-souled sense of honor, and un-
calculatmg courage which characterize pioneer
life, are wholly inconsistent with the contracted,
bigoted, and fanatical spirit which characterizes
sectionalism. When the settlers begin to reap the
fruits of their agricultural labor, and to become
contributors to the commercial resources of the
country, they will learn that the diversities of labor
and products in the different sections are real ele-
ments of harmony and strength, and not of dis-
sension and weakness. They will be taught by
experience that their interests and those of south-
ern labor are mutually dependent and mutually
beneficial, and that both are promoted by culti-
vating sentiments and relations of fraternity.
From such a population it would be strange if
sentiments of disloyalty to the Federal Govern-
ment should ever piuceed. The danger is not in
that quarter, and therefore I will not subject my-
self to the imputation of the sectionalism which I
complain of m others, by withholding my support
from the bill on such grounds.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I move that
