1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
203
the opinion, and approve the enterprise, set forth in the
foregoing circular:
Schuyler Colfax, J- F. Farnsworth,
Anson Burlingame, C. L. Knapp,
Owen Lovejoy, It. E. Fenton,
Amos P. Granger, Philemon Bliss,
Edwin B. Morgan, Mason W. Tappan,
Galusha A. Grow, Charles Case,
Joshua R. Giddings, T. Davis, (Iowa,)
Edward Wade, James Pike,
Calvin C. Chaffee, Homer E. Roycc,
Wjlliam H. Kelsey, Isaiah D. Clawson,
William A. Howard, A. S. Murray,
Henry Waldron, Robert B. Hall,
John Sherman, Valentine B. Horton,
George W. Palmer, Freeman H. Morse,
Daniel W. Gooeh, David Kilgore,
I-Ienry L. Dawes, William Stewart,
Justin S. Morrill, Samuel R. Curtis,
I. Washburn, jr., John M. Wood,
J. A. Bingham, John M. Parker,
Win. Kellogg, Stephen C. Foster,
E. B. Washburne, Chailes J. Gilman,
Benjamin Stanton, Charles B. Hoard,
Edward Dodd, John Thompson,
Cydnor B. Tompkms, J. W Shennan,
John Covodc, Win. D. Bra} ton,
Cad. C. Washburn, James Buflinton,
Samuel G. Andrews, O. B. JVIattcson,
Abialiam B. Olm, Richard Mott,
Sidney Dean, George R. Robbing,
Nathaniel B. Durfue, Ezekiel P. Walton,
Einoiy B. Pottle, James Wilson,
DeWitt C. Leach, S. A. Purviance,
Jolm F. Potter, Francis B. Spmncr,
T. Davis, (Massachusetts,) Silas M. Burroughs.
Mr. Helper is a native of North Carolina, who, as the
result of careful observation and extensive inquiiy, has
reached the very obvious and just conclusion that human
slavery is the great primaiy curse and peril of the South,
impeding it-? piogicss in morals, intelligence, industry, and
wealth. This conclusion, with the lacts on which it is
founded, is embodied m Ins book entitled " The Impending
Crisis of" the South," a work everywhere leceived and
hailed, by the advocates ot lice labor, as one of the most
impregnable demonstiatiom: ot the ju^ucc of then* cause,
and the vita! impottaisce of it5 tiiumph to our national .uul
general well-being. Were eveiy citizen m po^e^-inn of
the facts embodied m thin book, we leel confident that sla-
very would soon peacefully pas-* away, while a Republican
triumph in I860 would ho nsoially ceitain.
It is believed that tlu-> testimony of a southern man,
born and icared under the influence of slavery, wiUbemoic
geneially listened toandpioloundly heeded, whethei m the
slave or m the free States, than an equally able and conclu-
sive work wntten bya northern man. And it is very denia-
ble, therefore, that a cheap compend of its contents, fitted
for gratuitous circulation, be now made and generally dif-
fused in those States—Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Indiana,
and Illinois—which are to decide the noxtpiesidential con-
test.
l-Ioraee Greeley, J. C. Underwood,
Jas. Kelley, Chairman of Abram Wakeman,
State Central Com., Wm. Hemy Anthon,
B. S. Iledrick, Win. (J. Bryant,
John A. Kennedy, 33. Delafield Smith,
John Jay, R. II. MeCiudy,
Thuilow Weed, W. Curtis Noycs.
Marcus Spring,
Now, sir, after recommendation of treasonable
sedition, how dare you talk or look to us to aid
you in. the organization? But, if this thing comes
to the worst, if the worst is the worst, and we do
have to withdraw, it will be such a withdrawal as
will be impossible for you to prevent, even at the
risk of your lives. Now, gentlemen, yoti have
advised the circulation of the Helper book. You
cannot get out of it. You have advised the cir-
culation of the doctrines contained in it. Tf you
are not particeps criminis, why do you not get up
and denounce the doctrines ? I Will tell you why
you do not do it. There has been but one man in
this House, on your side, who has had the nerve
to get up and denounce it, and immediately he was
placed in a false position by Greeley, who, in an-
swer to that party charge, after praising Douglas,
said that he had back-bone, and if he (Douglas)
had indorsed the impending crisis of Helper,would
not have backed down; and that that is what his
party lack—that is, you lack the nerve. After
hearing what he said, Stanton had the floor, but
took his seat immediately; then Kilgore got
the floor; but he, too, took his seat. Horace
Greeley said " sit down," and down they sat—
Stanton the bold,Republican Kilgore, and all.
[Laughter.] And up to this hour, there has been
no gentleman on that side of the House who has
dared to gainsay Greeley's orders. He indorsed
this book; he got you into this position, and you
dare not defend your own position. You pan-
dered to fanaticism to get where you are, you
dare not gainsay what you have done. This is your
position, and you dare not gainsay it; because,
if you dare now oppose or explain what you have
done, if you undertake to repudiate this impend-
ing crisis, after your orders, you will have to fight
Greeley. I have seen two or three of you once
or twice attempt to rise to get the floor, and I
have seen you pulled down. The command of
Greeley was given them—" don't you do it;'?and
they obeyed. That is the position you occupy.
I charge it now, before the masses of the north-
ern people, that their Representatives here dare
not defend the position they have taken or been
placed in, in the face of a decent community and
a violated Constitution; and you will not dare
gainsay what I have now said.
Now, sir, look at this: read it; ponder over it;
take up his advice; sec what it is. He says this:
"And now, sirs, we have thus laid down our ultimatum.
What are you going to do about it? Something dreadful,
of coursc! Peihaps you will dissolve the Union again.
Do it, if you daie ' Our motto, and we would have you-
understand it, is the abolition of slavery.Viiul the perpet-
uation of the ^American Union. If, by any means, you do
succeed m your ti ea&onable attempts to take the South out
of the Union to-day, we will hi in# her back to-moirovv—if
she «ops awaij without you, she will return without you.
" Do not mistake tlic meaning of the lan clause of the
la^t sentence ; we would elucidate it so thoiouglily that no
intelligent man could fail to comprehend it; but,to*i icason.s
which may hereafter appear, we forego the task.
" Henceforth theie me other interests to be consulted in
the South, aside from the interests of negroes and slave-
holders. A profound sense of duty incites us to make tiie
greatest possible efforts for the abolition oi slaveiy; an
equally profound sense of duty calls lor a continuation of
those efforts until the very last foe to freedom shall have
been utterly vanquished. To the summons ot the righteous
monitor within, we shall endeavor to piove i.utliiul; no
opportunity for inflictnm a mortal wound in the side of
slavery shall be peimittcd to pass us unimproved.
"Thus, tenor-engenders ot the South, have we fully and
fiankly defined our position ; we have no modifications to
propose, no compromises to offer, nothing to retiact. Frown,
sirs; Iret, foam, prepare your weapons throat, >tr) ke, shoot,
stab, bring on civil war, dissolve the Union, nay annihilate
the solar system if you will—do all this, inoie, less, better,
yorsc, anything—do what you will, sirs, you can neither
toil nor intimidate us; our purpose is as fiimly fixed as the
eternal pillars of heaven; we have determined to abolish
slavery, and, so help us God, abolish it we will' Take this
to bed with von to-night, - irs, and think about it, dream
ovei it, and letu^ know how you l<'el to-monow morning.,1
Is not tluit the doctrine which these gentlemen
have sent out broadcast5 Have they not made
up their minds that they will fight it out to the
last? And do you think that I, for one, with all
my veneration and affection for the Union; with
all the efforts 1 have made to keep our people well
informed in the ill-blood and fierce passions that
have raged in our political contests in the past; I
say do you of the North suppose, under these
circumstances, that I am going to stand by and
support this Union, with these declarations upon
the part of the North before me ? We arc not to-
day where we were in any former contest. We
are not to-day where we were when those com-
promises were made which your irrepressible-
conflict man says were ephemeral, because that
conflict was not understood or admitted. That
irrepressible conflict is here, I tell you, to-day. and
one who has never advocated anything but Union,
to-day tells you that it is the people now who
speak; it is the great heart of the American peo-
ple of the South who arc determined to resist
your a«:gressiony.
You may conceive the deep regret I felt when
ihis irrepressible-conflict speech and acts and in-
dorsement of the Impending Crisis was put into my
hands; because, in my canvass, the question was
distinctly asked, whether I considered the election
of Willam H.Seward to the Presidency as suf-
ficient cause for the dissolution of the Union' I
said, no; because I had nevei read this speech or
seen its accordance, signed by Senator Scwaud
and the sixty-cighi Congressmen, or known of the
overt act at Harper's Feiry; but so for as he is con-
cerned—having seen the tact of irrepressible con-
flict and circulation of Impending Crisis—m my
opinion, he and his party have now committed the
overt act; for he and they are accessories before the
fact to the murders and treason and sedition com-
mitted at Harper's Ferry. And you, northern
men who indorse the .sentiments of that compen-
dium,are responsible for its recommendation and
results. Who ever luard, until this advice was
given and this speech of irrepressible conflict was
made and circulated; who ever heard, until Sew-
ard and the Black Republicans of Congress recom-
mended it, of any white man in the whole country
who was ready to put himself at the head of an
expedition for the murder of women and children,
purely because they held slaves, or inhabited slave
territory? Never! I appeal to the histoi y of the
country, and call upon you to name an instance
where such a thing has been done. It remains,
then, for you to be more infamous than the most
! infamous of alf mankind; for you have dared to
advise the circulation of sentiments the legitimate
result of which is the indiscriminate murder of
women and children. Then you neither avow or
disavow your responsibility. You may laugh and
grin; it is like you and your party. When Rome
was burning and being sacked, and the women
given up to be raped, Nero fiddled and laughed.
You may well follow his example. Then you dare
talk to me of a dissolution of the Union! Sir, my
head has grown gray in the service of the Demo-
cratic party—the great party of the Union. I am
ready to standby her, and to die for her. But, in
saying this, I tell you that I will never raise my
voicc again for her, unless you people of the North
apply the corrective to this abominable heresy.
1 have waited here with patience. I have been
ready to accord to you thQ same right which I have
asserted for myself—freedom of thought. I have
accorded to you the right to believe that slavery is
an evil which ought not to go any further; but when
you put your names to a book which advises the
non-slaveholders of my district, and all the non-
slaveholders of the Union, to aid in the destruc-
tion of my people, ma}*God curse me with the
bitterest curse if ever I agree, while I live, to or-
ganize this House in any manner, either by a
majority or by the election of any man who has
indorsed that infamous and treasonable act, and
who is legally responsible for all the blood shed
at Harper's Ferry. Gentlemen, you may laugh;
you may be amused; but your souls this uay sink
within you when you see the consequences of
youracts. If such is your condition when 3, who
am but an humble member here, tell you these
things, and when I disclose to the House the
result of the investigation which I had made of
this book, as I have done this morning, what will
be your condition when you get home to a virtu-
ous constituency, who love the Constitution and
the Union > To them 1 look for the salvation of
the Union, and if your people do not apply the
corrective, then farewell Union, farewell glory, so
far as this Union is concerned, and farewell the
Constitution. I, who have sworn to support the
Constitution so often in the past; and I, who
would be willing to die to preserve it, I say to it,
farewell: for I will never consent that my people
shall refmun in a Government where the Repre-
sentatives of tfeat Government publish and send
over the country papers like that which I have
exhibited to you to-day.
Although I am aware of the fanaticism which
exists at the North, and though I have but little
expectation that such people will ever be prepared
to do us justice, yet the great heart of a majority
of the northern people I" hope is all right; and I
j am advised that Union meetings are being held all
; over the North, and that those who love the Union
j are taking unmistakable ground upon that subject,
i May God grant it is so. I, for one, approve of
it. I will hail any man of the North who stands
by us in this matter, and contends for the rights
guarantied to us by the Constitution. Such men
I will hail a^ friends; such men I will take by the
hand: find with such men aid in the organization
of tins House. I am willing to lay aside all heart-
burnings and ill feelings that I have Toward any
man, and aid them in the organization, if he is
sound now upon this question of the fitness of
this murderous band to rule. I would that this
day I had the' eloquence of an angel that I might
touch the heart of this audience; that I might
make them feel that of a truth the impending crisis
is here; that I might make them know that the
future of this Union is hanging in the balance.
But you say gentlemen tell you that the Demo-
cratic party South is in favor of reopening the
African slave trade. That is false. It is true
that we have some gentlemen there who believe
that it would bo advantageous to the people and
to the slaves to bring slaves from the coast of
Africa. But I stood, and stand now, as fixed and
immovable m my opinion upon that subject as
any man that lives. I have been opposed to it,
I am opposed to it, and I will be opposed to it;
and, for one, I will never accede to such a propo-
sition. In the face of these things and these facts,
and in the face of the record which we are constant-
ly making here,some of you gentlemen upon the
other side tell your people at home that we want
to extend slavery and reopen the African slave
trade. Utterly false. I hare faith in the destiny
of this nation. It is the faith I have in God, the
great Creator, that makes me still hope that this
