1224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
the bill under consideration be postponed until
Wednesday next, and be made the special order
for one o'clock on that day.
The motion was agreed to.
IXORIDA CLAIMS.
The Senate, as in Committee ofthe Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 930) declara-
tory ofthe acts for carrying into effect the ninth
article of the treaty between the United States and
Spain. It proposes so to construe the acts of
March 3,1823, and June 26,1834, passed to carry
into effect the ninth article of the treaty of 1819
between the United States and Spain, as to require
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to the per-
sons authorized to receive the same, out of the ap-
propriation made by those acts, that portion of the
damages awarded by the United States judges in
East Florida, under the name of interest, as a just
and necessary part ofthe satisfaction stipulated by
the treaty,so far as the original value ofthe prop-
erty, as awarded by the judges, has been approved
at the Treasury Department.
Mr. MALLORY. I offer the following amend-
ment, to add to the end of the bill:
With interest from the date of the award: Provided, That
the Secretary of the Treasury may, at his option, pay the
amount of such claims in certificates of stock, bearing an
interest of five per centum per annum, redeemable in ten
years, or at the pleasure of the President of the United
States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. Although this hill is a very
important one, and although the report has been
before the Senate the last session and the present,
made by two gentlemen from the other side of the
Chamber, the Senator from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Clark,] from the Committee on Claims, at
the last Congress, and the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Foot,] from the Committee on Claims, this
year, still it may be necessary to understand the
bill thoroughly, that the report should be read. I
regret very much to say that the Senator from
Vermont is confined by indisposition this morn-
ing, and that he may not bo here to-day, but
probably before the discussion of the bill gets
through, he will be in his place. I trust very
much that his knowledge of the whole case, hav-
ing recently made himself intimate with it, will
be sufficient to answer all arguments. I ask that
the report be read.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business;
though 1 will not interfere with the Senator from
Florida.
Mr. MALLORY. There is a Senator prepared
to go on now, and probably he can get through,
and then wo can have an executive session if
necessary.
Mr. HUNTER. If any Senator wants to go
on now, I shall not press my motion.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, this bill came
before me three or four years ago, as a member
of the Judiciary Committee, and I then united in
a report in favor of it. Not only on that account,
but for the additional reason that a considerable
number of my constituents were interested in it,
I deemed it my duty to give it my attentive con-
sideration, and I shall submit very briefly in this
stage of the argument the leading facts and prin-
ciples on which it stands. I shall not go into all
the details, or produce the authorities until they
shall be attacked by the opponents of the claim.
Then I shall desire to be heard more fully in reply.
The question here, Mr. President, is a simple
one: judgments were rendered by the district court
of the United States for Florida, in pursuance of
an act of Congress passed in 1823, and one passed
in 1834, in behalf, of various claimants who
claimed to have been damaged by the incursion of
troops, acting under the authority of the United
States, into llorida, in the years 1812 and 1813.
The claimants went before the courts, and every
dollar of the principal has been paid. The courts
who heard and determined them, awarded five per
cent, interest, by way of damages, to make the in-
demnification or the satisfaction complete. These
claims camp for payment before various Secreta-
ries of the Treasury, and they held that it was
not the practice of the Government to pay interest;
and hence, while they paid the principal, they de-
clined to pay the interest. The justice of the al-
lowance of the principal sum is not now in contro-
versy; but the claimants hero invite the scrutiny
of those who have the curiosity to look, because
the testimony was all taken down in writing; it
was reported under the law by the three Florida
judges who successively acted on the cases—
Judge Reid, Judge Bronson, andjudge Brecken-
ridge, I think—submitted to Congress, and is ac-
cessible to all. The original foundation of the
claim, the evidence on which thejudgments were
given, each judgment itself, the principle on which
it was given, have all been before the courts, and
are now accessible to every member of the Senate.
The sole question now is, when the claims have
been thus judicially determined and the principal
paid, whether, by the laws of nations, and under
our own laws, five per cent, interest should not be
paid; and that is all the question for the Senate,
every other question having been settled, determ-
ined, and satisfied.
In the first place, the parties claim that it has
been a universal law of nations, sanctioned by all
the publicists and by the decisions of all civilized
Governments, that wherever there is an obliga-
tion arising under a treaty to make satisfaction or
indemnity fora wrong, interest is always allowed,
without any exception whatever. The ninth ar-
ticle of the treaty of 1819 provided:
" The United State? will causc satisfaction to bo made
for the injuries, if any, which, by process of law, shall be
established to have been suffered by the Spanish officers
and individual Spanish inhabitants by the late operations
of the American army In Florida."
The Spanish version of this clause does not
contain the word " late," but simply reads, " by
the operations of the army in Florida." To carry
into effect the provisions of this treaty, Congress
passed the act of March 3, 1823, in these words:
" An act to carry into effect the ninth article of the treaty
concluded between the United States and Spain the 2-2d
day of February, 1819.
"Sec. 1. Tiiat the judges of the superior courts, estab-
lished at St. Augustine and Pensacola, m the Teiritory of
Florida, respectively, shall be, and they arc hereby, author-
ized and directed to receive and adjii*t all claims arising
within their respective jurisdictions, of the inhabitants of
said Teriitory, or their repre.scutatives, agreeably to the
provisions ofthe ninth article of the treaty with Spain, by
which the said Territory was ceded to the United States.
" Sec. 2. That in all cases in which said judge shali de-
cide in favor of the claimants, the decisions, with the evi-
dence on which they are founded, shall be, by the said
judges, repoited to the Secretary of the Treasury, who, on
being satisfied that the same is just and equitable, within
the provisions of the said treaty, shall pay the amount
thereof to the person or persons in whose lavor the same
is adjudged, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated."
The first objection which was made to the claims
now under consideration, was that the damages
done to the inhabitants of Florida by the invasions
of our troops, .in 1812 and 1813, were not em-
braced under the term "late operations of the
American army." There were three invasions of
the American army into Florida; to which, prob-
ably, a brief historical allusion may be necessary.
In 1811 there were apprehensions, cither that
Spam was going to cede the Floridas to Great
Britain, or that Great Britain intended to confis-
cate them for her debts, and take them away from
Spain; and Congress, in secret session, passed a
joint resolution directing the President, in the event
that England attempted to get hold of the Flor-
idas, to march our troops in there and seize them,
and receive thorn, in any event, from the local au-
thorities, if they would surrender them—a pretty
liberal policy for the fathers, and a pretty decided
one. Under this jointresolution of 1811, the Pres-
ident appointed General Matthews to go down to
the northern side of St. Mary's river, theboundary
line between Florida and Georgia; but the local
authorities, who were loyal to the Crown, declined
to turn East Florida over to him. The precise
exigency contemplated by Congress did not arise.
England did not make any attempt to take pos-
session of it; but it appears from the facts, as ju-
dicially determined, that General Matthews, either
in pursuance of, or in disregard of, his instruc-
tions, fomented what was called a revolution. A
patriot army rose up in order to overthrow the
existing Spanish authority, and thus to have a lo-
cal authority which would be ready to deliver it
over, in conformity with the joint resolution of
1811. As the authorities then in power did not
do it, it was desired to displace them by a revo-
lution, and then to have an authority adequate and
willing to turn it over to the United States. So a
force was raised immediately on the other side of
the St. Mary's river—some of them irregulars,
Georgia volunteers, and Floridians—who declared
for liberty in Florida. They went on, and be-
sieged Fernandina, which was then a neutral port,
and a pl ce of great trade. They took Fernan-
dina with the moral, if not precisely the physical,
aid of our navy. Our gun boats lay off within
range, by way of seeing fair play done—I think
something like the late operations in China. They
took possession of Fernandina. They marched
on then, seizing the country, calling upon the in-
habitants to rise; turned over Fernandina to the
army of the United States, under Colonel Smith,
and marched on with the patriot army, and in-
vested and took St. Augustine. This was in 1812.
They held possession of it until May, 1813. That
is, it was occupied by those irregular forces, and
by the American troops for about fourteen months.
Subsequently the* insurrection, as it was called,
was put down.
In 1814General Jackson, as it was subsequently
held very justifiably, after pursuing the Indians
in hot pursuit, marched upon Pensacola, and took
possession of that town. In 1818, also, in the
Indian wars, he found it necessary again to invade
Florida; and he took Pensacola, and entered into
St. Mark's also, it being nothing but a den of
thieves, as was very property alleged—a place
where Indians and British subjects, who incited
insurrection, and other enemies of the United
States were protected.
Thus it will be seen that there were three in-
vasions. When a treaty was made, a provision
was inserted to pay for the damage done. The
Spanish version of the treaty says, that satisfac-
tion shall be made by the United States for the
losses suffered by the operations of the American
army in Florida, and the American version of
the treaty has the word "late" before "opera-
tions." When the question of the damages suf-
fered in West Florida by the invasion of 1814
came up under this treaty, Mr. Crawford, then
Secretary of the Treasury, held that they were
not under the treaty, because they were justifiable;
that General Jackson had a right to go to St.
Marks, and he rejected them inasmuch as they
were not such damages as we were bound by the
laws of nations to pay. Under the invasion of
1814, I think the claims altogether, as far as my
researches have extended, were not more than
$45,000; but in 1812 and 1813 the country was
utterly devastated—all East Florida, along the At-
lantic coast, up to St. Johns, and as far south as
below St. Augustine, which embraced probably
four fifths of all the settled parts of East Florida
at that time. To give the Senate some idea of the
extent of them, it may be proper to quote from
the decision of Judge Bronson in one of these
cases, where the evidence was fully heard and the
question was discussed atlength—the case of Fer-
reira: .
" The difficulty of obtaining supplies for such a force
led them at once to iook to the resources of the country;
and large droves of cattlc, with which the country then
abounded, were immediately and unhesitatingly seized
upon to relieve their necessities; and foraging parties, con-
sisting both of regular troop1* and patriots, were sent out in
all directions to collect cattle and other means of subsist-
ence for the Army.
"A detail of some ofthe more revolting instances of rob-
bery and plunder and wanton destruction on the one hand,
that oecuued during this peiiod, or of individual cases of
hardship, ruin, and beggary on the other, is hardly called
for, and perhaps not proper in this general statement, though
they might tend much to illustrate the general character of
the injuries of that period. Suffice it to say, that before, or
when the United States troops finally evacuated the coun-
try, the whole inhabited part of the province was in a state
of utter desolation and ruin. Almost every building out-
side of the walls of St. Augustine was burned or destroyed ;
farms and plantations laid waste; cattle, horses, and hogs,
driven off or killed, and movable property plundered or
destroyed; and in many instances slaves dispersed oi ab-
ducted. Sofarasthe destruction of property of every kind
was concerned, the desolation of the Carnatic by Hyder
All was not more terrible and complete."
The ruins are there to this day. So perfect
and complete was the devastation, that desolation
yet reigns over very much of the country in con-
sequence of those events. It was contended also,
that under the word "late" the treaty excluded
these particular sufferers from the invasion of
1812 and 1813, and Mr, Rush, who was Secre-
tary of the Treasury when they came up, so held.
When that decision was made, it blocked the
claimants. At that time the judges of Florida, as
the cases were presented to them, had decided, I
think, about forty-three thousand dollars under
the raid of 1812 and 1813; but when the Treasury
Department held that these were not losses suf-
fered in consequence of " the late operations o<"
