3112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
company, to wit: you pay the road for taking
them over. You pay the Panama road from ten
to twenty-five dollars a head. I know ordinary
passengers pay twenty dollars. What soldiers
pay I am not prepared to state. I have the sched-
ule of their prices at home in my room.
Mr. GWIN. Twenty-five dollars.
Mr, GREEN. Twenty-five dollars each for
forty-seven miles and a half—the most extraor-
dinary charge known to any of the railroads in
the world.
Now, sir, there are various points to which I
could call the attention of the Senate showing the
advantages of this thing. Bat I know the Senate
ia tired; I know they have been harassed with
what they consider immaterial questions; and as
I think this is plain—and the Senator from Wis-
consin will see it himself when lie takes time to
reflect upon  t—I shall not trespass further upon
the time of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. When I got the floor and
gave way to the Senator from Wisconsin to make
an explanation, I designed to say something of
the merits of this proposition; but the Senator
from Missouri has preceded mo, and has said
everything that 1 can say so much better, that I
do not feel inclined to follow it up at all. I shall,
however, have a word or two to say about it after
the recess; but in the mean time, I send to the Chair,
as an amendment or substitute for the proposition
of the Senator from Missoin i, the hill reported in
the House, which 1 think he will accept, and
which will obviate a great many objections. I
offer it as an amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment, to strike
out all after the enacting clause, and insert:
That the sum of $35)0,000 be, and the same is hereby, ap-
propriated, to enable the Picbidcnt to carry into cli>et a
conditional contract made on the 21-st day of May, 1859,
between Kiac Touccy, the Secretaiy of the Navy of the
United Status, and Ambrose W. Thompson and the Clur-
Iqui Improvement Company, for securing coal for the use
or the United States Navy, and certain other privileges
named in said contract, on the Chiriqui lagoon and the
harbor of Golfito, In the Republic of New Granada.
And be it further enacted, That no portion of Hie sum
hereby appropriated shall be paid over to said Thompson,
his agent oi agent*, or any agent of said company, until the
President of the United State-? shall bo satisfied of the full
and perfect title of the said Thompson and the said Chiriqui
Impiovoment Company to all the rights and privileges
which thoy propose to lease and guaranty to thereof
the United States; nor until the Government of the United
State* is satisfied that the coal of the Chiriqui lagoon is
suitable tor naval purpose*, and exists there in sulheicnt
quantity to afford an ample supply, agreeably to s-ald ton-
tiaet.
And be it further enacted, That $100,000 of the sum hei eby
appropriated .shall be paid to the&aid Thompson ot ihc^ud
Chiriqui company within ten days after the President shall
have become sati-Wicd in regard to the quantity and quality
of the said coal at said lagoon and the validity of the titles
of said Thompson oi said company thereto, and after the
lands contemplated in said contiaet have been selected by
the United States and their use granted for the benefit of
the same by said Thompson or said company; $100,000
more after the *,aid Thompson or the said company, then
agents or successor*, have expended bona fide $00,000 in
opening and improving said mines; and the remainder of
the sum herein appropiiafd after the mine or mines afford-
ing the most suitable coal for naval purpose* of the United
States shall be in tull operation and in such manner as to
supply all the coal required by the Navy Depaitrnentnt lhat
point,and also at the harbor of Golfito, on the Pacific, after
the construction of a railroad acioss the Isthmus of Chir-
iqui.
Andbcitfurther enacted, That the United States shall
acquire no right of sovereignty over any territory in New
Granada, nor any right to transport troops or mun Uions of
war over such territory, uiwler or by virtue of the contract
named in this net, unless the same be voluntarily consented
to by the Republic of New Granada.
Mr. HAMMOND. Prom what I can gather
from the reading of the amendment, I do not see
anything objectionable in it; but it is impossible
to understand it on one reading, with this short
space of time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is now four o'clock,
the time fixed for a recess; and I suppose the
Senate wiJl look at it in the mean time.
Mr. HAMMOND. 1 will propose to adjourn
until to-morrow.
Mr.HUNTER. Ihoponot. Letusgetthrough
with this bill, and get ready to adjourn the Sen-
ate, as I hope we will, this week.
Mr. MALLORY. I. move to take a recess
until six o'clock.
Mr. HUNTER. Wa take a recess under the
rule, without a motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It becomes
the duty of the Chair, the hour of four o'clock
bavins: arrived, to announce a recess until six
o'clock
EVENING SESSION* •
The Senate reassembled at six o'clock.
SURVEY OF COLORADO BESEItT.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate take
up joint resolution No. 44.
Mr. MALLORY. What is the joint resolu-
tion ?
Mr. HARLAN. It is to make a survey of the
Colorado desert, for the purpose of ascertaining
whether water can be thrown in from the Colo-
rado river.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) The joint resolution will be
read for the information of the Senate.
The Secretary read the joint resolution, which
proposes to authorize the Secretary of "VVar to
cause a survey to be made of that portion of the
Colorado desert lying south of the San Bernar-
dino base line, (established by general survey,)
and west of the Colorado river, with a view of
determining the practicability and probable ex-
pense of introducing water on that desert from
the Colorado river, and the area of land which
maybe thus irrigated; the survey not to cost over
six thousand dollars.
Mr. MALLORY. I do not know anything
about the resolution; but I must object to the
transaction of business with this want of a quo-
rum. Six thousand dollars is too important a
sum of money to be voted in this way. { have no
objection to hearing a discussion about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is very ap-
parent to the Chair that there is no quorum pres-
ent; and hence the Senate will not proceed with
business until the Chair is advised that a quorum
is present.
Mr. IIARLAN. I will explain the matter in
a few minutes. Thereis a desert situatedbetween
the Colorado river and the mountains immedi-
ately west, about ninety miles in extent, across
which the mail would be carried, if it were pos-
sible to cross this desert. In consequence of the
character of the desert, they are compelled to de-
flect southward, and travel through Mexico, at a
very greatly increased expense; and also, all sup-
plies which are sent in that direction to any of the
forces of the United States. It is believed, in con-
sequence of this desert being below the bed of the
Col orado river, that, with a very trifling expense,
water could be turned into that desert from the
river, thus irrigating the country, or at least fur-
nishing a sufficient supply of water for emigrants,
mail contractors, and Army contractors; thus
shoi toning considerably the line of travel and
diminishing the expense. This subject was re-
ferred by the Senate to the Committee on Public
Lands, on application of private citizens, who
petition that this desert may be donated to them
for the purpose of irrigating and bringing it into
cultivation. The Committee on Public Lands
wore not willing to recommend that the Govern-
ment should donate the entire desert to these pri-
vate individuals, but propose to authorize the
Secretary of War to make a survey, winch can
be done, a * they are informed, at a trifling ex-
pense, officers being near the desert now in some
of the outposts, for the purpose of ascertaining
the probable cost of turning water into the desert
from the river, the probable amount of land thus
irrigated, and the general advantages to the Gov-
ernment. I do not think any member of the Sen-
ate would object to this trifling appropriation if
they were to give five minutes' attention to it. It
will also be crossed directly by the southern Pa-
cific railroad, if the railroad should ever be built
through from Texas to the Pacific coast.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator that the question of order be-
ing raised, he has directed the Sergeant-at-Arms
to inform him whether there is a quorum present
or not; and he is informed that a quorum is not
present.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope the question of order
will be withdrawn
Mr. MALLORY. I cannot withdraw it, bo-
cause upon the gentleman's own suggestion 
Mr. HAMLIN. Make a speech.
Mr. MALLORY. I have no speech to make;
but 1 expected to hear some reason for this ap-
propriation of $6,000. We have been reminded
to-day that we passed a sum of $25,000 somG
yeais ago; and I was instrumental m passing it,
and on the committee of conference struggled very
hard to get it through, but itentailed the expend-
iture of a great many more thousands, for the
survey of the Atrato and Truando rivers. This
is a mere beginning, and we do not know what it
will amount to. This $6,000 is but a small sum
for the survey of a great object, if we could be
sure that this would be the end of the thing; but
we are in the habit of beginning with small ex-'
penses, and then, when we get our fo©t in it, we
are compelled to go ahead. I should like to hav©
a little more light on the subject.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I ask the unanimous con-
sentof the Senate to introduce a bill for reference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state it is ascertained that there is no quorum in
attendance, and it is not competent to transact
business until a quorum is present.
Mr. FITCH. I presume there will be no ob-
jection to my making a report from the Commit-
tee on Printing:.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question hav-
ing been made in regard to the presence of a quo-
rum, and no quorum being present, no motion is
in order.
Mr. FITCH. I was not aware that the ques-
tion had been raised.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is so
informed.
Mr. FITCH. I move that the Senate adjourn.
[" Oh, no !n]
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope we shall finish the
Navy bill.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I withdraw the point of
order. I think there is now a quorum present,
either here or in the ante-room.
Mr. F1TZPATRICK. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn; and on that question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Nothing lias been
done since the motion was made to adjourn.
Mr. FITCH. I ask for a division on that mo-
tion, if it is not too late.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is too late.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I believe it is always
in order to move an adjournment. You may move
an adjournment in succession without any inter-
vening business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not in order
to make one motion upon the heel of another.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will suggest, if that be
so, that less than a quorum could never adjourn;
because if less than a quorum can do no business,
and, the motion having once been made, it is as-
certained that less than a quorum was present,
we could do no business; and how could we ever
adjourn ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois having addressed the Chair and made
some remarks, it is now in order to move to
adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. - Then I give way to the
Senator from Alabama.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I renew the motion to
adjourn; and on that question I ask for the yeas
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Davis, Fitch, Fitzpatricfc, Foot, Grimes,
Iveison, Kin<?, Nicholson, and Pearce—9.
NAYc5—Messrs. Anthony, Bragg. Cameron, Clark, Doo-
little. Fesscnden, Green, Gwm, Hamlin, Harlan, Hemphill,
Lane, Latham, Mallorv, I'olk, Pugh, Simmons, Ten Kyck,
Tiuinbull, Wade, and Wilson—21.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. IVERSON. I will present a question to
the Chair: whether, when the Senate finds itself
without a quorum, it does not adjourn as a matter
of course ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does not.
Mr. FITCH. I offer the following lesolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. No business is m
order; but the resolution will be read for the in-
formation of those who are present.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the order for a recess from four o'clock
to six o'clock, p. in., be rescinded.
Tlie VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie on the
table for the present.
Mr. LANE. Several Senators have since come
in, and X beli&ve there is now a quorum present,
I should like very much to have the consent of
the Senate to take up House bill for the relief
of Robert Johnson. It is a bill of much merit,
