1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and has been reported by the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands with a recommendation that it pass.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
ascertain whether a quorum is present. The last
act of the Senate indicated that no quorum was
present. The Chair, however, will see whether
a quorum is present. Thirty Senators are pres-
ent—not a quorum.
Mr. LATHAM. I move that the President
direct the Sergeant-at-Arms to request the attend-
ance of absent Senators.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust that motion will
not prevail. It is hardly worth while to send out
for Senators at this time of the evening. If we
had a quorum, I should now vote to rescind the
resolution for a recess. I am very much opposed
to seeing business done by less than a quorum.
I am glad that the point has been made, and I
hope it will be insisted on that no business shall
be done with less than a quorum. I have been
present several times when I thought there was
not a quorum present, but I disliked to interfere
and object to business. If experience shows us,
however, that we cannot have a'quorum after
waiting haif an hour, it strikes me the better course
would be to adjourn, [" Oh, no V'] or else wait a
few minutes; but not adopt this order to bring in
Senators, or requestthem to attend, which amounts
to the same thing, for they will attend on a re-
quest the same as if it was a summons. I hope
the proposition will not be adopted.
Mr. MALLORY. Before the Sergeant-at-Arms
could leave the Capitol there will be a quorum
probably. One Senator-has come in since. Many
Senators reside at a great distance from the Cap-
itol, and wo had but a recess of two hours, and
they have hardly had time to come and go. I
think we might make the recess a little longer.
We shall have a quorum in a few minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is the Senate ready
for the question on the motion of the Senator from
California ?
Mr. PEARCE. I renew the motion to ad-
journ. It is useless to remain here without a
quorum. We are detained here every evening in
the same way.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope I shall be allowed
to say a word. I know it is not in order, but I
simply wish to say to the Senate that there are
indications of the ability of the two Houses to
adjourn on Wednesday. I have no doubt, from
what I have heard from the other House, that the
indications are that we shall be able to leave here
on Wednesday next at noon, and I think we had
better sit to-night, and get through with this bill.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to; there
being, on a division—ayes ten, noes not counted.
The VICE-PRESIDENT. The question now
before the Senate is the motion of the Senator from
California that the Sergeant-at-Arms be requested
to direct the attendance of absent Senators.
Mr. MALLORY. I trust the Senator will
withdraw it. We shall have a quorum in a mo-
ment more.
Mr. JJA VIS. I was opposed originally to the
adoption of the order for a recess. I think every
day has sustained the objection which I offered
when the proposition was made. I see no pro-
priety in a few of the Senators assembling and
waiting until chance may bring a quorum. Un-
less we remain in session as long as we are able
to bear the fatigue,it must be insisted on by the
Senate that those who are required to be here to
make a quorum shall be present. If they do not
attend, I sec of no mode of proceeding, except to
adjourn or to send the Sergeant-at-Arms for ab-
sentees. It surely is less respectful to the body
to be absent, than it is for the body to send for
absentees.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is a quorum now.
Mr. DAVIS. If there is a quorum, I am will-
ing to stop.
Mr. HAMLIN. There were twenty-nine votes
on a division, and five Senators have come in
since.
The VICE ^PRESIDENT. The Chair will as-
certain the presence of a quorum. 'The Chair
counts only thirty-two in the Chamber.
Mr. HAMLIN. Twenty-nine voted before,
and certainly five have come in. I can name the
Senators.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I renew the potion to
adjourn, and on that I will ask a division, in'order
that there may be a count.
The motion was not agreed to; there being on
a division—ayes 10, noes 26.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A quorum is now
present, and the question is on the motion of the
Senator from Iowa, to take up joint resolution (S.
No. 44) for the survey of the Colorado desert.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope not. I trust we shall
go on with the appropriation bill, which is now
properly before us.
Mr. flAMLIN. If the Senator demands the
order, we must proceed to the appropriation bill.
Mr. CLARK. One objection prevents this joint
resolution being considered. It must be by unan-
imous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question can
only be put by unanimous consent.
Mr. CLARK. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the appropriation bill is before the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. I request the Senator from
Florida to withdraw the objection, to allow a vote
to be taken on this resolution. I am sure there
will be no debate on it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair svill
state to the Senator from Iowa that the Senator
from New Hampshire objects, and calls for the
regular order of business, which is the appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to give a reason for
my request to both Senators. There are several
Senators who desire no discussion, but merely a
vote on the resolution, so as to have the sense of
the Senate in relation to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The objection not
being withdrawn, the appropriation bill is before
the Senate.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Buchanan, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had this day approved
and signed the following acts:
An act (S. No. 84) to facilitate communication
between the Atlantic and Pacific States by electric
telegraph;
An act (S. No. 118) for the relief of David
Myerle;
An act (S. No. 378) to relinquish the title of
the United States to certain lands occupied by the
city of Baton Rouge, Louisiana; and
An act (S. No. 4fi4) to amend an act, entitled
"An act in addition to the acts prohibiting the
slave trade."
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had concurred in some, and disagreed to
other, amendments of the Senate to the bill (H.
R. No. 339) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of .Tune,
1861, and had agreed to other amendments of the
Senate to the said bill, with amendments, in \vl119h
the concurrence of the
with amendments, in winch
j Senate was requested. /
LOPIIIATION BILL.
NAVAL Al'PROP
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
500) making appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending 30th of J une, 186], the pending
question being on the amendment offered by Mr.
Fessenden to the amendment of Mr. Hammond.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask that the amendment to
the amendment be read.
The Secretary read the amendment to the
amendment, which is, to strike out all after the
enacting clause of the amendment, and insert;
That the sum of .$300,000 bp, awl the same is hereby, ap-
propriated. to enable the Pie&ident to cany into eft'eet a
conditional contract made on Hie 21st day of May, 3&33,
between If-aac Touccy, tho Socman of the Navy of tiic
United States, and Am biose W. Thompson and the Chiriqui
Improvement Company, for securing coal foi the use of the"
United States Navy, and certain other privileges named in
said contract on the Chinqui lagoon and the haibor of
Golfito, in the Republic of New Granada. ^ «*-
Jlnd'be xt Jvrtkcr enacted, That no portion of tlie sum
hereby appropriated shall be paid over to said Thompson,
his agent 01 agents. 01 any agent of taid company, until
the President of the United States shall be satisfies of the
full and 'peilect title of the said Thompson and the paid
Chinqui inipiovement Company 10 all the rights and priv-
Ue«es which thev propose to lease and guaranty ,v> the
iiisj of the United States; nor until the Government of the
United Suite- i  satisfied that the fcoal -at the Chiriqui la-
goo,n is suitable for naval purposes, and exists there in suf-
ficient quantity to affoid an ample supply, agreeably to said
contract.
Jlnd be it further enacted) That $100,000 of the sum
hereby appropriated sbal} be paid to the said Thompson or
the said Chinqui company within ten days after the Presi-
dent shall have become satisfied in regard to the quantity
and quality of the said coal at the said lagoon and the va-
lidity of the titles of said Thompson or said company there-
to ; and after the lands contemplated in said contract have
been selected by the United States, and their use granted
for the benefit of tho same by said Thompson or said cota-
pany; $100,000 more after the said Thompson or the said
company, their agents or successors, have expended bona
fide $20,000 in opening and improving said iriiues; and the
remainder of the sum herein appropriated after the m\n&
or mines affording the most suitable coal for naval pur-
poses of the United States shall be ia full operation and m
such manner as to supply all the coal required by the Navy
Department at that point, and also at the harbor of Golfito,
on the Pacific, after the construction of a railroad across
the Isthmus of Chiriqui.
*&nd be it further enactedt That the United States shall
acquire no right of sovereignty over any territory in New
Granada, nor any right to transport troops or munitions of
war over such territory, under or by virtue of the contract
named in this act, unless the same be voluntarily consented
to by the Republic of New Granada.
Mr. GREEN. With a little modificationf I
should be perfectly willing to accept this amend-
ment. In its present shape I think it is a little
too restrictive. In the second section—but per-
haps I had better go back and explain the whole
of u. The difference between this and the prop-
osition offered by the Senator from South Caro-
lina, in the first place, is this: that proposes to
pay in bonds, this proposes to pay in cash. The
second section of this amendment is correct, and
I am willing to put it on as a proviso to the other
amendment:
" That no portion of the sum hereby appropriated shall
be paid over to said Thompson, his agent or agents, or any
agent of said company, until the President of the United
States shall be satisfied of the full and perfect title of the
said Thompson and the said Chiriqui Improvement Com-
pany to all the rights and privileges which they propose to
lease and guaranty to the use of the United States; nor
until the Government of the United States is satisfied that
the coal at the Chiriqui lagoon is suitable for naval pur-
poses, and exists there in bullicient quantity to afford an
ample supply, agreeably to said contract."
I am willing to accept that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is not the whole
of it.
Mr. GREEN. That is the whole of the second
section. I say I am willing to accept the whole
of it, and I am willing to .accept the whole of the
first. The third section has one condition in it
which I think wrong, ami I desire to call the
attention of the Senate to it. fiie first, part of it,
making three payments* is all right, and there ia
no objection to that:
" That $100,000 of the sum hereby appropriated shall be
paid to the said Thompson or the said Chiriqui company
within ten days after the President shall have become sat-
isfied in regard to the quantity and quality of the said coal-
at said lagoon, and the validity of the titles of said Thomp-
son or said company thereto."
That is right enough. I do not want a single
cent paid until they are satisfied. Then the next
branch of the section, I think, is wrong:
" And after the lands contemplated in snid contract have
been selected by the United States and their use granted
for the benefit of the same by said Thompson or said com-
pany-?'
Now, I think that is wrong. Only five thou-
sand acres of land are granted by this contract.
It'is a very small part of the Consideration; but
yet it is necessary that the United States should
have a site there. The contract itself guaranties
to us to select. Now, if the United States should
decline to select, or fail to select, it keeps the par-
ties out of means to go forward and comply with
the contract and prepare to supply the coal neces-
sary. The difference is this: whatever the grant-
ors have to do, they may impose as a condition',
but what the United States has to do, I do not
think we ought to impose as a condition. Now,
the United States must select; and yet you pro-
pose to withhold the rights of grantors until the
grantee shall select. 1 do not think that right.
Strike that out, and I have no objection to it.
Then the latter part of it, I think, is a little too
restrictive. It is in relation to the time when the
last payment shall be made:
And the icmaindcrof the sum herein appropriated after
the nune or mines affoi ding the mo>t suitable coal for naval
purposes of the United States bhall be in full opeiation,and
iu such manner as to supply all the coal required by the
Navy Depaitment at that point, and also at the harbor of
Golfito, on the Pacific-*'—
The words tha^ follow, I think, are too restrict-
ive—-
"after the construction of a railroad across the Isthmus
of Chiriqui."
