2170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Georgia, to
postpone the resolutions named, and make them
the special order for Monday next.
Mr. HALE. I ask for a division of that ques-
tion.
Mr. MA%ON. Unless there is a day fixed for
it, I hope the Private Calendar will be postponed,
so that we may go on with the discussion. As I
said before, my own convenience is not involved
ip it at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Hampshire demands that the question
be divided. Then the question will first be on
the postponement of the resolutions, without fix-
ing a day specially for their consideration.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the Senator will
not insist on a division. Let us meet the views
of the Senators who have spoken, by letting- the
resolutions go over to Monday. I hope so. I do
not like to throw aside the Private Calendar, un-
less the Senator from Virginia insists, as he docs
not, on proceeding now.
Mr HALE. As one of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, I have been trying
for something like two months to get the Senate
to considerthe great proposition alluded to by the
Senator from California. The existing contracts
for carrying the mail from here to the Pacific coast
will expire on the 30th of June, and if we do not
mean to be at the mercy of the steamship compa-
nies, we must consider that bill. I trust that I
have as much courtcsy as anybody. I am will-
ing that anybody shall make speeches as long as
he pleases, provided he does not insist on my
staying to hear them; but i cannot, consistently
with my sense of what I owe to the country, con-
sent to devote any more of the time of the Senate
to these fractional differences of opinion among
sectional parties—I believe that is the whole of it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. My only object is to con-
sider one or two bills on the Private Calendar in
which some of my constituents ate interested,
Which I hope may be reached. The other (lay
one of them was objected to, and it now stands
early on the Calendar. I shall vote for the mo-
tion to postpone; but I do not wish to prevent the
Senator from Virginia from being heard now or
on Monday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to postpone the resolutions until
Monday.
Mr. IVERSON. I will make a solitary expla-
nation, and then withdraw th<% motion 1 have made.
1 am willing to let the Senator from ViYginia go
on to-day—I understand he will not occupy per-
haps more than one hour—with the uuderstand-
:ng that the Private Calendar will be taken up
\fter he concludes; and for this reason: I nm in-
formed by my colleague that he desires to address
the Senate on these resolutions, but is not pre-
pared to do so to-day. He desires, after the
Senator from Virginia concludes his remarks, to
obtain the floor and address the Senate on Mon-
day. For the accommodation of the Senator fiom
Virginia, as well as of my colleague, I will with-
draw the motion, and let the Senator from Virginia
go oil with his remarks, and at the conclusion of
his speech, I hope we shall go on with the Pri-
vate Calendar.
Mr. HALE. I renew the motion, and ask for
the yeas and nays on it, for the purpose of pro-
ceeding with the Private Calendar.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. AsmnnySen-
ators as will postpone the consideration of the
resolutions will answer "yea."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I me to a question of or-
der. The hour of one o'clock having arrived, I
inquire if the Private Calendar is not now the
regular order of business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
stated in the outset that both these questions were
made the special order for this hour, and it was
tor the Senate to decide which should be post-
poned and which should be considered; and that
is the question they are now considering.
Mr GWIN. I have but a single word to say
on this subject. I do not wish to interrupt the
Senator from Virginia in making his speech;
but after he gets through I shall insist, insteod
of going on with the Private Calendar, that we
take up what has been the special order three
days this week—the bill to establish overland mail
routes. I am willing to allow the Senator to pro-
ceed with his speech, but after that I shall cer-
tainly insist on taking up that bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I merely wish to say one
word. There are several special orders in which
I feel a deep interest, and I think it is time we
should get rid of this subject, which has detained
the Senate so long; and for that purpose I pro-
pose, if no one else will do it, when these resolu-
tions shall again be taken up, to make a motion
that the vote on them be taken at some fixed hour,
that Senators who desire to vote may be here, and
that we get rid of them—get them out of the way
of the business of the Senate. I hope we shall
take up the resolutions now, and hear what the
Senator from Virginia has to say on the subject;
and then I give notice thatl shall make a motion
to take the vote on them at some early day next
week, say four or five o'clock on Monday, so
that they may be out of our way, and out of the
way of other business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to postpone the further consid-
eration of the resolutions.
Mr. ANTHONY. Ididnotunderstandwhether
the Senator from V lrginia was desirous of address-
ing the Senate to-day, or whether it would equally
suit his convenience if the subject was postponed
until Monday.
Mr. MASON. I stated, very distinctly and
very truthfully, that my convenience is really not
involved in it. On the motion to postpone I shall
not vote; but if the subject is postponed, I should
prefer that a day should be fixed for it, and would
prefer that day to be Monday; but I am perfectly
willing and ready to go on to-day or Monday, as
the Senate please. It is no question of my con-
venience.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The motion is to post-
pone generally, and not particularly ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. To postpone
generally, without fixing a particular hour or any
given day.
Mr. DAVIS. The motion now is, to postpone
without fixing a day. Is it in order to move an
amendment to that, to fix a day?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That was the
original motion. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire demanded a division. The Chair thought
it divisible, the question involving two distinct
propositions.
Mr. DAVIS. And a division is made. Have
not the Senate a right to vote on a day certain,
before they vote on an indefinite postponement?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the proper order would be, in thefirstplace
to decide whether the Senate will postpone at all;
and, if they decide to postpone, then to fix a
day.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to say that I wish
to see a speedy determination of these resolutions
and a vote unon them at an early day; but I do
not wish to cusplace the Private Calendar. We
i have given it very little attention during the ses-
I sion. This is probably one of the last days we
I .shall have an opportunity of attending to it. I
| shall vote in favor of postponing the resolutions
! for that reason. I presume we shall take them
I up on Monday.
j Mr. HALE. I want to give notice that if this
; discussion is to go on, and the little time that we le-
i mam here is to be devoted to thcsosortofspeeches,
I think I shall take my privilege, with the rest, of
putting in my views, and that the thing will not be
confined altogether to the other side of the House;
but I am against taking them up at all. I want to
proceed with the business of the Senate; and I
think it is idle to suppose that as soon as the Sen-
ator from Virginia has done, we shall be in a situ-
ation to take a vote. If I recollect the effect of
the eloquence of that Senator, it is not always of
the quiescent character; but it is a little of the pro-
vocative sometimes, and it will be very likely to
call out other speeches; and 1 think, if I am any
judge of physiognomy, on the other side, there
are gentlemen now that are loaded on this subject,
and that will debate it. I think it is the duty of
the Senate to come to the question, and decide
whether they will attend to the practical business
of legislation or whether they will devote their
time to hearing these theoretical expositions. My
friend from Massachusetts here [Mr. Wilson]
thinks we can come to an end by giving time.
Why, sir, giving time to hear these speeches is
like the man who stood on the steps of the Astor
House in Broadway, and waited for the procession
to get by. He had justas hopeful aposition and
just as good a prospect of what he was waiting
for, as we have of putting an end to this discus-
sion by giving a chance for gentlemen to go on.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him one question?
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. GREEN. How many days have been con-
sumed, or hours, in discussing these resolutions?
Mr. HALE. If the Senator had asked me how
many weeks, I could have answered. This whole
week, to begin with. We have not done anything
else this week.
Mr. GREEN. That is not correct.
Mr. HALE. That is the way I understand it.
I speak with the best knowledge I have.
Mr. GREEN. You misunderstand agreatmany
things.
Mr. HALE. If I do not get wider of the mark
than that, I shall be more accurate than most men
on this floor. Of course, the Senator from Vir-
ginia knows I have none but the kindest feelings
towards him, and the highest respect, but, sir, I
want to make an issue between theoretical and
practical speeches. That is the position I occupy.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. GREEN, when his name was called, said:
I desire to know exactly what the vote is. Is it
to postpone the Private Calendar, or the resolu-
tions of the Senator from Mississippi?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu-
tions.
Mr. GREEN. So I thought. 1 asked to sdt~
isfy others.
The result was then announced—yeas 15, nays
30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Chandler, Clark,
CUngman, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittle, Fcssenden, Hale,
Hamlin, Malloiy, Polk, Sumner, and Ten Eyck—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Brags;, Bright, Brown, Cam-
eron, Davis, Fitzpatnck, Foot, Green, Gwin, Hammond,
Harlan, Hemphill, Iverson, Johnson ot Arkansas, Johnson
of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Nicholson, Powell, Rice,
Saulsbury, Sebastian, Slideli, Thomson, Toombn, Tium-
bull. Wade, Wilson, and Yulee—30.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. So the Senate
refuses to postpone the consideration of the reso-
lutions offered by the Senator from Mississippi,
and they arc now before the Senate, and on them
the Senator from Virginia has the floor.
Mr. HAMLIN. I voted to postpone these
resolutions to Monday, and if that motion had
prevailed, I should then have voted to assign them
for that day ; and in the hope now that the Sen-
ate will look upon the subject as I do, and con-
clude to postpone them until Monday, and assign
Monday for their consideration, understanding it
to be agreeable to the Senator from Virginia, I
submit the motion that they be postponed until
Monday, and made the order of the day for Mon-
day. I do it because I believe it is the very boat
possible course for us to pursue. We have sev-
eral special orders. In my judgment, the best
method of getting rid of the special orders, all of
them, is to take them up precisely as they stand,
and hold on to each one until we dispose of it,
and not alternate, not take up one special order,
discuss it for days, and then lay it aside and take
up another. I am willing to hold on to thisunt
we dispose of it; but I want very much to devote
to-day to private bills; and in the hope that the
other side of the Senate and this will be willing
to postpone these resolutions until Monday, and
make them the special order of the day, I make
that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that that motion is not now in order,
and for this reason: the original motion made was
precisely the same as that which the Senator
from Maine now makes. The Senator from New
Hampshire demanded a division of that question,
so that the first question was upon postponing at
all. That not prevailing, the Senate refused to
postpone at all. Had that prevailed, then the
question upon the second branch of the motion
would have arisen to assign them for a particular
day. This motion,presenting two distinctpoints,
is subject ro division again, upon the call of any
member, so that the same question would occur
again, which has just been decided.
Mr. HAMLIN". If the Chair will pardon me,
I will say that I think the Senator from Georgia
submitted a motion to postpone this subject until
