3114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
I think that is too restrictive, because, as I have
remarked, the'privileges and benefits on the At-
lantic side are more than ten times the considera-
tion paid, and the other is a prospective benefit to
be realized if the road is made; but that road will
cost two or three million dollars, and this will
postpone it a little too long.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am not the author of
the amendment which I have proposed. -I take
the bill which was reported by the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs of the House of
Representatives, and, on looking it over, it struck
me that it guarded this contract very carefully,
and that if we were to make the contract at all, it
should be under the restriction he has there placed
upon it in that bill. I agree with the Senator from
Missouri that the last restriction he mentions,
that with regard to not paying until the railroad
is made, is too severe; because, I agree with him,
wo shall probably, if we find the coal that is pro-
vided for, get a fair and ample consideration for
the money that we pay; but I thii)k the first pro-
vision that he wishes to strike out ought to be re-
tained, because, until the agents of the Govern-
ment have acted, and seen what there is, and have
made the selection, and found the land was there
to be selected, it would be unsafe to pay over the
money.
Mr. GREEN". I will remark that, according
to the amendment, the title is to be satisfactory.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The title is to be satis-
factorilymade, to besure; butanygentleman must
"know it cannot be ascertained from their dclara-
tions until an actual examination and selection.
Now it may turn out,although the title 
Mr. GREEN. If the Senator will strike out
the words he indicates—fori cannot move to amend
it, the amendment being now in the third degree—
I will make no question about it
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; so far as I am
concerned, I am willing to strike out the latter
portion of the third section as too restrictive, be-
cause it puts off the payment until the completion
of the railroad.
Mr. GREEN. There ought to be some com-
pulsion in the case to make them pay, though.
Mr. FESSENDEN. When I offered thisaincud-
ment, 1 said 1 proposed it merely for the purpose
of guarding this matter. The original proposition
•was loose, and, it struck me, required something
more minute and particular. All 1 know about
it is from having perused the report made by the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs of
the House, and the papers accompanying it; and
having looked at the bill which he drew in con-
nection with his report, and found how minutely
the whole thing was guarded and taken care of, it
then presented itself tome in this shape: is this a
matter, as presented by the report and bill, such as
meets our approbation ? In the shape it assumes
in that bill, it does away entirely with the objec-
tions made by the Senator from Wisconsin, as I
stated before. It guards completely against them.
The Government is under no obligation to do any-
thing in reference to the matter, until it has se-
cured all the privileges which this company pro-
fess to guaranty to us, and therefore there is no
such danger as supposed by the honorable Sena-
tor from Wisconsin, in relation to those matters.
The Committee on Naval Affairs of the House
have reported this bill, and the report from which
objection was drawn was the report of the minor-
ity. I believe it is impossible for anybody to read
the report and the accompanying papers, and to
look at the maps and see the proofs with regard
to it, the actual surveys that have been made,
wi th ou t being en tirel y satisfied that, at last, a route
has been found across the isthmus of the very best
character, and which presents facilities that the
United States ought to avail themselves of at once,
and secure. The route there is open to none of
the objections that apply to all the others, if the
facts stated are true, and they seem to be exceed-
ingly well attested. Whether we are bound by
the contract or not, as I said before, is now made
dependent on how the facts may turn out. We
are to become satisfied of them hereafter; and we
are bound to nothing unless they turn out well.
Now, sir, I do not mean to occupy the time of
the Senate at this lute hour of the evening by go-
ing over all that has been so cleaily and forcibly
stated by the honorable Senator from Missouri.
I followed his remarks all along, and he said not
only all that J intended to say, but a great deal
more than I had thought of, and laid the matter
before the Senate in a light that was most striking.
We want unquestionably a route across the isth-
mus. We want it secured to us. We want it
of the best character; and we want it under such
terms and conditions that we shall be prohibited
and have no inducement at all to meddle with the
jurisdiction of the State over which we cross. It
is a mere right of waythatwc desire,anditcomes
to us, in my judgment, in the best possible shape
that it can come. We have no claims of jurisdic-
tion there whatever. That is guarded against by
this very amendment which we now propose to
make. The grants arc made of a most liberal
character, to a private company. The private
company grants to us the right ofpassing, subject
to the provisions that may be necessary with ref-
erence to the Government itself, and nobody ap-
■prehends that there will be the slightest difficulty
in obtaining the assent of that Government to all
that is necessary for us to do in relation to the
matter.
It is a healthy spot, not open to the objection
to the Isthmus of Panama, but is a mountainous
country; and notwithstanding it is a mountainous
country, presenting one of those singular features
that is presented in the White Mountains of New
Hampshire, whevf a road apparently runs directly
through them, and yet almost upon a level, fol-
lowing the course of a stream—it is so there—
winding about among the mountains.making one
of the best passages for a road known anywhere;
so much so that the president of a railroad who
came up there and suw the one i have reference
to, rather irreverently said the Almighty had left
it on purpose for a railroad there, and for no other
purpose in the world.
This road over the Isthmus of Chiriqui is not
only a road presenting these remarkable facilities,
but having on each side some of the very finest
harbors in the world, so proved by actual surveys
made, and as if it was intended for all the pur-
poses of a great nation being obliged to pass out
of its own territory at a particular period, in order
to get passage through, presenting this station
where all these supplies may be found for their
vessels, where a naval depot may be established
in a healthy locality, and a vast amount of money
saved, from the \cry fact that coal can be fur-
nished under such a contract as this so cheaply;
so much so that I have no question—and 1 be-
lieve the faets stated show—that in two years it
will save all the cost of it and all the privileges
and everything else left.
I will only say, in conclusion, sir, that the
amount paid is veiy small,and piobablyis made
small for the very reason that this company is in
such a condition that it requires the credit that
would aiise fiom the countenance given to it by
our Government in order to sustain it in its un-
dertakings. It values that highly, and probably
is somewhat embarrassed in pecuniary affairs,
and offers it to this Government on terms that
ought at once to be seized upon, lest the oppor-
tunity should he lost.
MJr. CLARK. Will the honorable Senator
from Maine tell me what we get for these $300,000'
I have not had ttme to look at it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Instead of paying four-
teen or fifteen dollars a ton for coal, we get it for
four or five.
Mr. KING. If it is found there.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If we do not find it, we
do not make the contract, because this amend-
ment so guards it that unless the coal is there,
we do not pay for it. There is the very best
evidence that the coal is there. We have the
statement of Mr. Atmy 
Mr. ANTHONY. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator from Maine a question. If this coal can be
mined there for two or three dollais a ton, how
do you expcct to buy it from this company on
quite as favorable terms as you could buy the
coal mine? If it can be mined at two and three
dollars a ton, I suppose the market value will not
be much more than that price. Why cannot we
buy it of that company?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose we could.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then the company may
mine it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very likely they would
mine it under the contract, and sell it at the cost
of mining. Thatistobe the cost, according to the
contract.
Mr. ANTHONY. I thought we were to buy
the mines.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If we buy the right to
the mines, wc can mine ourselves or get others to
take ltup; or any other arrangement can be made.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then, if wo buy the mines,
and the company mines the coal, what considera-
tion do we get for the money we pay ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why, sir, in the first
place, this company own the whole. They have
a right to make a road across the isthmus. That
is theirs, exclusively,for sixty years. They own
the land at the termini of the road on each side.
They own the lands from which the coal is to be
taken. They desire to enter into this contract
with the United States, unquestionably, to a cer-
tain extent, for their own benefit. As I said be-
fore, they want the credit that will arise from the
contract itself. They want the money that will
be paid to enable them to go on and complete then-
work; and, m order that they may hn\e tins ben-
efit, they proffer to the United States—what?
They proffer to the United States a certain portion
of the coal lands, a large quantity, suflkjent for
the purposes, to be selected by them, giving the
Government the right of selection. They p> offer
the opportunity for a naval depot. They pi offer
the right, so long as the right exists in themselves,
(for sixty years,) to transport whatever they
please over the road as now made, or whatever
kind of road maybe made, whether by rail or
otherwise. It is a bargain. Now, it may be,
that, when they get under way, if they ever do
without our aid, or when another company gets
under way, they may take out the coal and sei! it
to us cheap; but it must be manifest, unless they
have some aid of thisdescription, that it will take
them considerable time, in the first place, to en-
able them to carry out the work, to get under-
way, to get into operation. They want money. In
the nextplace, I knowof nolaw which will compel
them to sell it to us for the mere cost of mining
if they succeed without us. We have no con-
tract 
Mr. ANTHONY. By the inevitable and irre-
sistible law of trade, if they get it for two dollars
a ton, wc can buy it for a fair profit from them.
They will be the only party that has the coal to
sell, and wc shall be almost the only customer
to buy it, and it will be to their interest to sell.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How do wo know but
that Great Britain may make the same contract?
Mr. ANTHONY. Suppose she does.
Mr. FESSENDEN. the may offer to take
this upon her own hands, and get a privilege from
which we are excluded.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is coal enough there,
as I understand, for five hundred million people,
as they say.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir; there is enough
there.
Mr. ANTHONY. That would enable them
amply to supply the Navy of the United States,
and of Great Britain also.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Unquestionably.
Mr. ANTHONY. Have we any desire to
make Great Britain pay more than ourselves?
Mr. FESSENDEN. i am not going to stand
chaffering with the gentleman about nine pence.
The Senator can advocate it as much as he pleases
after I sit down. When a Senator rises to ask
me a question, I do not want to be followed up
by fifty. That is not the mode of conducting
business in the Senate. 1 toll you, sir, I place it
upon broader grounds than a mere matter of buy-
ing coal.
Mr, ANTHONY. That is the ground that it
has been placed upon.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well. If the Sen-
ator goes simply on the ground that we shall not
avail ourselves of this great offer, as I call it, now;
that we will not secure these privileges by con-
tract; that we will have nothing to do with this
matter, and let them go wherever they may hap-
pen to float, simply because it will be carried out
by other people by and by; and we shall purchase
the coal at this price whenever the time comes,
and forego the opportunity to secure advantages
which I deem of so much consequence—if that
is the ground, so be it. All I have to say is, the
Senator looks at it with the eye of a mere trader
for coal; I look at it with the eye of one looking
ahead to what I believe to be important and great
advantages of a very different description, much
