1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1227
judgment. If you go behind it, what is the evi-
dence to the contrary ? Your agent admitted that
he went there. Weave met, then, bythe idea that
the Government said he exceeded his instructions,
and disavowed his acts; he did exceed his instruc-
tions, and the Government did not disavow them,
and appointed another agent; but the army re-
mained there for eighteen months. The question
under the treaty was not whether he went there
rightfully or wrongfully; the question under the
act was not whether he went rightfully or wrong-
fully. Clearly, under the law of nations, he had
no right to go there. "We had no right to invade
a province of Spain under the law of nations, and
that was the reason we agreed to pay. We acted
unjustly, and it became our duty to make good
to a sister nation the damages occasioned by the
unauthorized act of our own men. Of course we
disavowed it—not a very unusual thing. We did
it on another occasion in Florida. We gave all
the aid and support we could, consistent with na-
tional peace, to these acts; but it became neces-
sary for public reasons to disavow them, and to
recall the agent. We disavowed the acts and re-
called the agent; but kept the army there, and
then agreed to pay for the damage they did. That
is the whole of the Florida case.
I will turn, for a.moment, to the report which .
Mr. Pettit and myself made in 1855, and it will
show, probably better than I could now state
them, many of the authorities upon the subject
of the law of nations as to the measure of damages
in such cases. In that report we said:
"The following rule is laid down by Rutherford m dis-
cussing the subject of c reparation for damages done
'"In estimating the damages wliicli anyone has sustained,
when such things as he has a perfect right to are taken from
him and withholden or intercepted, we are to consider not
only the value of the thing itself, but the value likewise of
the fiuits or profits that might have arisen fiom it. He that
is the owner ot' a thing is likewise the owner of such ft uits
or profits, so that it is as properly a damage to be deprived
of tliem as of the thing itself."—Ruthcrf. Xnstit. lib. 1, ch.
J7, sec. 5.
" ' Satisfaction' forinjuiies, accoiding to Vattel, includes
interest and damages, and authorizes reprisals until what
is due, with interest and damages, is repaid.''—-VaU., lib.
2, eh. 18, sec. 342; Wheat. Inter. Law,part4, ell. 1, see. 3.
" The loss or diminution of any one's possessions is not
confined to the injuries done to the substance alone of the
property, but includes everything afl'ecting the produce of
it, whether it has been gathered oi not."—2 Camp. Grot.,
eh. 17, sec. 4, ct passim.
"Fruits and profits are awarded in cases of wrongful
taking or detention of property as part of the damages."
—1 Domat; ib. 3. tit. 5 ; vid. at The Jiticon, 2 Dods. H. 84.
" Such is also the rule of common law. The value of the
property,with interest, furnishes this measure of damages."
—Sed<rw. on Damages, 549, 550, and on authorities there
cited.
The judicial decisions of the Supreme Court of
the United States and the State courts go to the
same extent. It is the basis, the corner stone,
upon which lies the administration of justice be-
twixt man and man, and nation and nation,
throughout the whole earth, of universal accept-
ance, without a single exception. Sometimes na-
tions, in order to get rid of this consequence when
they do not pay interest, protect themselves from
it. Interest is always included in the word " in-
demnification " or the word " satisfaction," or
any word by which you agree to repair an injury.
It is not reparation, but only partial reparation,
not to pay interest as well as the principal. For
injuries to property destroyed, nations in a treaty
are always compelled to pay interest; it is the
universal rule; and if they do not intend to pay,
they make an exception. Therefore, they fre-
quently give a gross sum. That is a matter of
stipulation; butln the construction of treaties, I
say no case can be shown in which it has ever
been adjudicated by ail honorable and civilized
nation that arose under a treaty that satisfaction
or indemnification did not include interest. This
question arose under this treaty an'd has been ad-
judicated; fir-st bythe courts of Florida, to which
you referred it; overruled, it is true, by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury; confirmed then by the
Congress of the United States; judgment obtained
for the principal sum and interest; the principal
paid, and they come here now to the Congress of
the United States to make an appiopriation and
pay them simply the balance of those judgments.
I do not choose to detain the Senate. I shall be
very glad to answer any questions, as I have the
facts very fully before me, on any branch of this
case. I deemed it niv duty heretofore to go into
a full investigation, "both because it became my
duty to report to this body and for the reasons I
have before given; butuntil 1 hear from the other
side of the question, I will not detain the Senate
by further remarks.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, the Senator
from Georgia has given an account of the origin
of these claims which is entirely accurate, and I
recognize the propriety of informing the Senate
distinctly how the claims originated, because I
have heard an intimation that the general equities
of the entire case would be considered by those
who are called upon to vote for the bill; and in the
discussions which have taken place heretofore on
this question, this very point has been involved,
whether the parties have not already been paid
too much. But I imagine that the true points
which will govern the votes of the Senate gener-
ally are, do these claims come within the ninth
article of the treaty of 1819? Are they within the
purview of the language of that article? And if
they are, then is interest the proper measure of
damage, as proposed to be allowed here—interest
at five per cent. ? To'these two questions I pro-
pose to address myself; but first a few words in
addition to what the Senator from Georgia has
told the Senate, in relation to the origin of these
claims.
The Senate will remember that in 1811, fore-
seeing from the British operations in the Floridas
that Great Britain was about to seize upon them,
and hold them as a mortgage in her own hands
for her advances to Spain, or for political pur-
poses to seize upon the provinces and hold them,
and that the safety of the American Union de-
manded that we ourselves should have the Flor-
idas, Congress passed, in secret session, an act to
which I beg leave to refer, (Statutes at Large, vol.
3, pp. 471 and 472,) by which, "in case any ar-
rangement has been, or shall be, made with the
local authority of said Teritory for the delivering
up the possession of the same, ©r any part there-
of, to the United States; or in the event of any
attempt to occupy the said territory, or any part
thereof, by any foreign Government," the Presi-
dent was authorized to take possession of it.
This was a secret act of Congress. Here was
the origin of all the injury done to the Spanish
inhabitants. Congress assumed the entire re-
sponsibility; so that if,under this act, throwing it
upon the President, we should march in and pos-
sess ourselves of the territory, or should desolate
it and leave it, whatever injury might be inflicted
the United States themselves would be responsible
for.
Under this authority the President of the United
States selected two officers—General Matthews
and Colonel Mcffeo—and lie instructed tliem to
repair immediately to the border and carry out
his instructions under this law. Colonel MeKee
never did accept the duties under the appointment,
but General Matthews immediately repaired to the
St. Mary's river, on the borders of Florida, and
there lie at once proceeded to carry out his instruc-
tions. He found East Florida in a very high
state of success, eminently so. Sea Islandcotton
then was cultivated. The average price was found
to be fifty cents a pound, and all the testimony on
this point, taken in the presence of the districtat-
torney by the district judge, has shown that that
was rather under than over the average price of
that species of cotton at that day. After General
Matthews had remained on the borders of Florida,
finding that the Governor of St. Augustine and
the authorities at Fernandina were loyal to the
Crown; that they had no idea of surrendering the
territory; that they, in fact, would resist any at-
tempt to change their allegiance, he saw that he
was powerless, and he had to resort, to some other
means. In fact, as the Senator from Georgia has
said, he had to create a Government, foreign en-
tirely to the United States, as well as to Spain, in
order to transfer the Floridas to himself. Conse-
quently, he immediately circulated the idea that he
was there as the agent of the American Govern-
ment; that they were determined to have the Flori-
das; that although he had no troops at his com-
mand to march in and take the Floridas, yet it any
troops chose to go on and revolutionize the prov-
inces, he, with the American army, would follow
on and receive the transfer from them.
With this encouragement, the patriot flag was
hoisted in 1812. It was a peculiar device to them-
selves. The American army came there, and a
corps of volunteers, and from the United Stales
arsenal at Point Peter—I think it was established
there at that time*—arms were furnished to- the
volunteers and the so-called patriots. A descent
was immediately made upon the town of Fernan-
dina. These patriots were followed by American
national troops, Federal troops, and by volunteer^,
commanded by General Matthews. The gun-boats
of the American squadron, under Captain Gamp-
bell, drew up their forces in front of Fcroandifia,
at Axnelialstand,and they circulated the idea that
this was the act of the American Government;
that the American agent was demanding1 the sur-
render of the place; although, in fact, all the
American gun-boats did was to lie, in a warlike
attitude and cover the landing of those troops.
Under this coercion, Fernandina was surrendered.
That was the first fruit of the act of Congress of
1811.
Then the patriots moved on to St. Augustine.
They were represented as an unorganized horde
of persons, hastily gathered together, and undis-
ciplined, but still under the command of General
Matthews, with a large portion of United States
military forces with them. They invested the city
of St. Augustine; and the Governor, seeing the
disasters to which a resistance to this large force
would lead, knowing how they would forage on
the country, sent out to the loyal inhabitants to
take care of themselves. The forces, both vol-
unteers and regulars, immediately foraged the en-
tire country. Everything that was movable was
seized. The testimony tinder oath filed in the
Treasury Department on this subject cannot be
controverted. It is open there to inspection. We
have none of it here. It has been all thoroughly
collated and examined; and it is amply proved
that both the regular forces and this unauthor-
ized and undisciplined body, the troops called the
patriot army, entered and took whatever they
chose. They took the beds from under the in-
habitants sleeping on them; they burnt the houses
down over their heads; they dismounted people
on the high roads, and took their horses; they
took cows in the act of being milked. Every
species of property that was useful to them, they
took to their depots and used.
It took a long time in those days for a proper
report of these facts to reach the Government.
When they did reach them, the President of the
United States disavowed the acts of General Mat-
thews, nnd said he had gone beyond his instruc-
tions, and lie appointed Governor Mitchell, of
Georgia, as his successor; but lie instructed Gov-
ernor Mitchell to see to it that those parties who
had gone into St. Augustine, or any part of East
Florida, with the American troops,should not be
molested in their persons and property, or words
to that effect, for acts which they had performed
under the command of General Matthews; and it
was in order to secure a recognition of their safety
from the authorities of St. Augustine, from the
Spanish Governor, that Governor Blitchell de-
layed the surrender of East Florida so long; and
from the time General Matthews w'entdown there,
until the surrender was made, it was eighteen
months.
This is very briefly the history of these cases
as they arose. On their presentation—and these
facts have never been controverted—the Senate
will sec at a glance what kind of restitution ought
to have been made. Now, has restitution been
provided for? The ninth article of the treaty of
1819, we contend, embraces these cases. So far
as it has undergone judicial investigation m the
Court of Claims, it has received the unanimous
assent of that court th&t these claims are embraced.
There are various reasons we may show why the
clause does embrace these particular losses. Con-
gress, to provide for them—to carry' out the arti-
cle of the" treaty—passed the act of 1823; and as
my friend from Georgia has remarked, when the
parties attempted to prove the losses of 1812 and
1813, they were stopped by the Treasury Depart-
ment, which claimcd that the treaty provided only
for the "late" losses in Florida, namely, the
losses of 1818, the year before the treaty was ne-
o-otinted, and interpreted the word "late'' notonly
as "late," but "latest." Upon the discovery,
however, that the treaty was in two languages,
both Spanish anu English, and that this word
" late" did notoccurm the Spanish version at ail,
and that the protocol distinctly said whatthe treaty
was made to enforce, the whole matter under-
went a thoiough investigation in Congress, and
they passed the act of 1834, which I will bring to
