1880.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
larger and much more important. I dare say it
will present, itself to the minds of other Senators
precisely in the light which it does to the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. To mine it docs not
•present itself in that alone. I deem it of great
consequence that we should have aposition there.
Why, sir, we are now obliged to keep store-
ships, at very great cost, at Panama. We are at
great cost in transporting and rotransporting. We
have no naval depot there. We can have done.
That is an unhealthy climate, an unhealthy loca-
tion. There is no harbor. On this side there are
but twelve feet of water; on the other, it is an
open roadstead, as I understand, and vessels can-
not come within three miles and a half from the
shore. More than that: we are obliged to pur-
chase the privilege of keeping the coal which we
carry there, and pay six dollars a ton for the mere
storage of coal on an island there. Now, sir, in-
stead of that, we have here a depot for all naval
stores, in a healthy location, saving the great cost
we must be at in constant transportation and re-
transportation; saving, unquestionably, in the
number of vessels we are to keep on that station;
and all the advantages that present themselves
strike my mind as of very great importance.
I have read the report made in the House on
this subject, and I cannot imagine how any Sen-
ator who reads it and believes m the capacity of
the person at least who drew it, as I do—because
I know he has devoted himself to the examina-
tion of this subject thoroughly, and is perfectly
able to comprehend it—can avoid coming to the
conclusion that it is a matter of so much conse-
quence that we should be faulty if we did not avail
ourselves of this bargain, especially when we
make it on terms and conditions that there is no
mistake about; bccause it is notto be made at all,
as the amendment now stands, unless all these
agreements on the part of this company are to be
complied with. That is the light in which it strikes
me; and in that view of it, 1 cannot avoid giving
it my support.
Mr. KING. I have no doubt this matter has
been very plausibly presented; and yet it has to
me so much the appearance of many of those cor-
porations that grow up in our cities, whose object
is to get up and puff stock and sell it off for the
purpose of speculation to the corporator, that I
nave been induced to look at it a little. The fourth
privilege granted to the United States by the con-
ditional contract made with them by the Secre-
tary of the Navy is this:
"Fourth. The United States to have right hereby con-
veyed to all coal, for naval puiposes, at or near the points
eeleuted for coal depots and naval stations as aforesaid;
and if found of superior quality elsewhei o, the United States
to have the right to use the same, subject only to the tax of
one dime per ton, to be paid the province, and the cost of
mining and delivering ike same."
So that, it seems, this privilege of coal is one
that we may have, if there be coal there, by min-
ing it and having it brought to the place of de-
livery, and paying one dime to the province. The
Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] has been look-
ing into this report. I have not had time to look
at it; but I will ask him to read that part of the
report which gives the evidence of the engineers
employed by this company,and their statementas
to coal. Will the Senator be so kind a3 to read it.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I have not
looked at the subjcct at all, except to read the tes-
timony that accompanies the report of the ma-
jority of the committee of the House of Repre-
sentatives. I have not even read the report.
Mr. KING. I spoke of the certificate.
Mr. GRIMES. I merely read the testimony;
and 1 desire to say, in connection with this sub-
ject, tnat so far as it is desirable to procure a naval
depot on the other side of the isthmus, I entirely
concur in the views of the Senator from Maine.
If we are not paying too much for the purpose
*of securing a naval depot—I do not know whether
we are or not—I would be willing to vote for
this proposition; but I apprehend there is not
any evidence anywhere that shows that any coal
is there of any appreciable quality or quantity.
The only evidence is the evidence of Mr, Man-
ross. Mr. Manross describes this country as a
volcanic country, with veinsof coal,butnogrand
strata or seams of coal; and after describing three
of those scams, he says:
" 1 have no doubt this coal will answer the purposes of
steam navigation, a< well as nearly all the requirements of
the aits and manufactures. The three seams described
as occurring so near each other at the principal locality, (of
the Ciiangumola,) if united in one"—
which unfortunately they are not—
" would form a bed sufficiently thick to be taken out with
advantage."
This is the only one that he speaks of which it
is likely, under any contingency and under any
circumstances, as 1 understand it, is in a work-
able condition:
" The irregularity of the included beds of rocks seem to
promise that tliey may unite, or at least approach near
enough to be woiked as a single bed."
The Senator from Maine referred me a little
while ago to the testimony of Lieutenant Almy
and Mr. Cooke, civil engineer. Mr. Cooke says;
e< On the Pacific side it outcrops in the Island Muerto;
but I am of opinion, fiom examinations I made, that near
David, along the line of route, abundance of coal, and of
good quality, may be found."
He has that opinion; but he does not state the
facts upon which that opinion is predicated. He
docs not give us the depth of the seam, or the
length of the scam, or how many are exposed, or
what may be the strata above or below the route,
so as to enable a man who is at all acquainted or
familiar with the coal formations to know whether,
in all human probability, or scientificprobability,
there is any large quantity 'of coal there; but he is
of opinion that there may be coal in certain places
of a certain quantity; but there is no evidence
of it. At least, he furnishes no data upon which
to predicate anything of the kind. Lieutenant
Almy, in his letter, says:
" ft is the opinion of all intelligent persons, who have
visited the coal mines upon the shores of Chiiiqui lagoon,
that it properly 'tapped,' shafts sunk, and worked as coal
mines are in the United States, there will be found an
abundance of coal of a superior quality, the value of which
in that part of the world, under circumstance* which may
often arihe, beyond any calculation."
Ho docs not give it as his opinion that there is
any such, but he says it is the opinion of intelli-
gent gentlemen, who are familiar with the sub-
ject, that if the mines are properly tapped and
worked, as they are in the United States, they
may get at some coal. Now, in regard to the
quality of this coal, I cannot discover in this testi-
mony that there are more than about five hundred
Founds of coal raised in all the Chiriqui country,
n the letter of J. W. King, chief engineer, he
says:
" Tn compliance with your diiectlona, J have this day
made an examination by practical tc-t of the coal brought
me by the steamer Fulton from Hocas del Toro. There
was only about five hundred pounds in all, yet bufficicnt
to try la auxiliary boiler and the forges, and to form a fair
idea of its quality."
This is die only evidence I see of any coal
having been raised:
"This coal was taken from the surface, the mine not
having been penetrated moie than sixteen inches''—
There is the only evidence as to the depth to
which the mine has ever been penetrated—
"and although its vitality has been nearly dt-stioycd by
the rain? foi many yearn, its combustion was toloiably
good, juodik-mg *team as well a-« some of our own coal.
u It is bituminous, and evidently from a superior variety,
similar to the .Indiana canuel. I have no doubt of the *u-
penorlty of the mine."
I only read this at the solicitation of the Sena-
tor from New York, to show what the testimony
is in regard to the character of the coal, and not
because I am disposed to cavii with the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Maine,as to the securing
of a naval depot on the other side of the isthmus.
So far as that is concerned, I wholly concur in
his views.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Maine
is pleased to say that I approach this subject in
the spirit ofa coal trader. He is perfectly right.
I do; and I take it, when a man goes to buy coal
that is the spirit in which he ought to approach
the subject. Now, I cannot see here any evidence
at all of the existence of any large quantity orany
desirable quality of coal. The Senator from
Iowa has read from the testimony of Mr. King,
the chief engineer, in which he savs, "its com-
bustion was tolerably good, "and that "this coal
was taken from the surface, the mine not having
been penetrated more than sixteen inches." It
seems to me very evident that the proprietors of
this mine, in submitting the coal to the United
States engineer, would have selected the best qual-
ity that they could find. Mr. H. Newell, first
assistant engineer, United States Navy, in reply
to questions propounded to him, says:
" Question 1. Is it bituminous or semi-bituminous, or is
it a lignite, and not a pure coal ?
" Answer. 1 think it is a semi-bituminous, and a pure
coal.
" Question 2, How many pounds of water can be evap-
oiated by one pound of this coaJ, estimating the best an-
thracite to evaporate ten pounds of water to one.pound of
coal ?
" Answer. I made no experiments to determine its evap-
orative qualities.
" Question 3. Does it clinker on the grate bars, and is the
quantity of ashes great or otherwise ?
" Answer. There being no auxiliary boiler on board, and
the quantity of coal procured not being sufficient to try it
in the large boiler, I am unable to answer this question.
" Question 4. How docs its specific gravity compare with
anthracite or Cumberland coal ?
" Answer. I made no test of its specific gravity.
" Questions, Would it be subject to spontaneous com-
bustion on account of sulphur or iron pyrites being incor-
porated with it?
" Answer. I discovered no sulphur or iron pyrites in it,
and do not think it would be subject to spontaneous com-
bustion."
This is all the information that has been af-
forded to us, that I have seen, upon the quantity
or the quality of the coal. Now, the Senator
from Maine cannot have a higher opinion of the
ability and the integrity of the honorable gentle-
man who has made this report in tho House than
I have; but, at the same time, we must bo aware
that another gentleman of the House, also a man
of the highest integrity and the highest ability, has
made a minority report entirely different from
these conclusions.
Now, sir, I have been surprised at the favor
which this proposition has received in this body;
and although I do not attempt to oppose my'opin-
ion to that of gentlemen who have examined the
subject more thoroughly than I have, and who
certainly have brought to it every requisite for
arriving at a proper conclusion on the subject, yet
it seems to me we are open to give a very large
sum of money for a very doubtful title to a prop-
erty of doubtful value. I understand (ana if I
am wrong, I would be indebted to gentlemen who-
arc m favor of the project, to correct me) that
when the State of Panama was a unitary State;
before it was divided into three States, all the
rights of transit were conveyed to the Panama
company; that subsequent to that conveyance tho
State of Panama was divided into the provinces
of Panama, Darien, and Veragua; that the State
ofVeragua has granted this privilege to Ambrose
Thompson and his associates; and that the su-
preme court of Granada has decided that the State
of Veragua had no right to make such a grant.
I find this stated in the newspapers. I do not
know upon what authority it is stated; but I have
never seen it contradicted. I think it of sufficient
importance for the friends of the measure to bo
able to answer the question.
Mr. FJESSENDEN. What is it?
Mr. ANTHONY. That the supreme court of
Granada have decided that this grant is invalid.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They decided directly
the other way—directly the reverse.
Mr, ANTHONY. I say I only got my in-
formation from the newspapers. I saw it so
stated. Now I should like to have another ques-
tion answered. I would like-to know whether
this route has been surveyed? Where is the sur-
vey? What is the evidence that there is a rail-
road route across the Isthmus at that point? Does
the report contain the survey?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The report states the
facts.
Mr. GREEN. It has been surveyed several
times.
Mr. ANTHONY. Where are the surveys?
Mr. GREEN. I can produce them.
Mr. ANTHONY. Where are the maps of the
surveys?
Mr. GREEN. They are on the files of the De-
partment. \ have seen them myself. I merely
j wish, Mr. President, to remind the Senator from
I Iowa that he omitted a little of the evidence acci-
; dentally. He said he had read all the evidence
' on the subject to be found, quoting from Mr.
King, the chief engineer, who made the test, in
these words:
"This coal was taken from the surface, the mine not
having been pen^rated more than sixteen inches: and, al-
though its vitality has been nearly destroyed by the rams
for many years, its combustion was tolerably good."
There he stopped. The balauce of what Mr.
King says is this:
" Producing steam as well as some of our own coal.
"itis bituminous, and evidently from a superior variety,
similar to the Indiana cannei."
