•2172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
only the substitute and the report of the commit-
tee printed. Perhaps it would be well to have
the !3enatc bill printed.
Mr. REYNOLDS. As several propositions
in regard to the Court of Claims have been pro-
posed, I thought it would be bust to have them
all printed, in order that the House, when it is
callcd to act on the subject, might have them all
before it. I move that the bills be printed, and
that the motion to recommit be entered.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. HAWKINS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a bill for reference
merely. It is a bill in reference to holding the
terms of the United States courts in Florida.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is callcd for.
Mr. TAPPAN. What is that ?
The SPEAKER. It is the Senate amendments
to the consular and diplomatic bill, reported to the
House yesterday from the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union; and upon which the
main question has been ordered to be put.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the amendments of the Senate to the bill (H.
R. No. 4) making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th June, 3861.
First and second amendments:
Page 2, line twenty-one, strike out " secretary of lega-
tion to China actios and inseft aftei the word " inter-
preter" the vvoids, " to the legation to Oiun.i;'' so that the
clause wili read •
For salary of the interpreter to the legation to China,
{$5,000.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended a concurrence.
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 call for a division upon
that amendment.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers, and appointed
Messrs. Cobb and Oi.in*.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 43, hops 81.
So the amendment was not concurred in.
Third amendment:
Tage 2, lino twc.nty-sGvon, insert the words "from the
1st day of January, It-'GO, to the 1st day of July, in the same
\ear, ; and foi the tVeal year ending the 30th day of
June, lfctf>Lto that the clause will read :
For oomp'-ii'-ation to the intei preter to the mission to j
Japan, from the i -a day of Januan, J800, to the 1st day of j
July in the same year,' $l,k250; and lor the liseal year end- j
ing the 30 th day of June, ISHI, ^,500. :
The Committee of the Whole on the state of j
the Union recommended a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Page 3, lin'- foi ty-lhu'c, after the word '• hundred," in
«eit the woids s< and tweut>-!ive;,> so that the clause shall
lead :
For the relief and protection of American seamen in for-
eign countries, § <225,000.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
Pa^e 3, line foitv-four, insert the words " .^75,000 of
which is jo he n^ed in the (Heal year ending the 30th ot
June, I860;'" •?<> that the clause will lead as lollow-?:
Foi the lelief and protection ot American seamen in for-
ce;!) count! ie-, ^,\Br>,000 ; ,£•*/5,000 of which l^ to he u*cd m
the fiscal yeai endure: the -30th of June, 1H>0.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommendrfl a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Pairc 3, line torty ^even. in-ert the following clause :
For expfiivcs which nr.iv he inclined ackuowledg- ,
ing the «ei vices of the ma-U r- and ciews of foiejun vessels ;
in rescuing citizen? ol the United States from shipwreck,
$10,000.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of ,
the Union recommended a concurrence. j
The amendment was concurred m. |
Seventh amendment: i
Page 3, hu" *ixty, «tuke out the word u Simoda*' fiom
the lift ofcon-u!s general. |
TJte Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended a concurrence. i
The amendment was concurred in. '
Eighth amendment: i,
Payc 5, )ine niu"?y-M\'. after the clause "for couipensa- n
turn o; the coirmn.-sionei, secretary,chief astronomer and i!
surveyor, assistant astronomer and surveyor, clerk, and for
provisions, transportation, ami contingencies of the com-
mission to run and mark the boundary line between the
United States and the British pos&essions bounding on
Washington Teriitory, §-150,000insert the following:
Provided, That when the boundary line 1s? dctcimined
between the Pacific ocean and the Roekv Mountains any
unexpended balance of this appiopnation shall be applica-
ble to tlie deteimination of that portion of the boundary
which lies east of the Rocky Mountains, and which has not
as yet been traced on the face of the earth; and that the
United States commissionci be, and ho is hereby, author-
ized, in connection with the commissioner of Great Britain,
to detcimme and trace >aul boundaiy line eastward ot the
Rocky Mountains, as far a  the Lake of the Woods.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
Page 6, line one hundred and eleven, insert the follow-
ing clausc:
For expenses mcuned, under instructions fiom the Sec-
retary of State, in bringing homo from foreign countues
persons charged with cinnc, and expenses incident thereto,
$10,000.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
Page 6,line one hundred and fifteen, niseit the following:
To enable the Secretary ot State to deft ay the cost of a
prison-ship at Canton, m China, from the 1st day of Jan-
uaiy, 1854, to the 1st day of January, 1857, and for com-
pensation of the marshal of the consular court at Canton
from January 1, 1854, to Joth of December, 1857, §4,760, or
so much thereof a^ may bo necessary.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred m.
Eleventh amendment:
PageC, line one handled and twenty-four,insert the fol-
lowing :
For compensation of the consuls at the five ports in
China, to wit: ivwangchow, Amov, Fuchow, Ningpo}and
Shanghae, iiom the 1st of July, 1855, to the 31st of Decem-
ber, 1856, £9,000.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended a non-concurrence.
Mr. BRANCH. The, Committee on Foreign
Affairs, to whom this matter was specially re-
ferred, reported in favor of a concurrence in this
amendment, and the recommendation of the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
was only made, as it will be remembered, to pre-
vent the breaking up of the committee.
Mr. WASIIBCJRN, of Maine. The Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union was
overwhelmingly m favorof this amendment.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I suppose the gentleman
thinks no because he was in favor of it. I desire
to say that the Committee of Ways and Means
have uniformly reported against the payment of
these consuls.
Mr. McPHERSON. I object to this debate.
It is all out of order.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
Amend the title by adding at the end thereof the words,
" and foi other pui|>oses.'"'
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union lueoimncnded a non-concui icnce.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. As all the
j amendments have now been acted upon, I move to
reconsider the votes by which the several amend-
• ments were concurred and non-concurred in; and
1 also move to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
1 STENOGRAPHER FOR A COMMITTEE, ETC.
| Mr. OLIN. I offer the following resolution,
i and upon it 1 demand the previous question:
j Resolved, That tire select committee under the resolution
J of tins House of March 5, be authonzed to employ a stenog-
l rapiiei at the same rate of compensation as that received
! by the Globe reported ; and also that said committee have
leave, from time to time, during the progress of their invest-
igations, to have the testimony taken before them pi mted.
Mr. WINSLOW. I object to that resolution.
Mr. OLIN. No objection is in order. It is a
privileged matter.
The "SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that
this is a report from a committee.
Mr. WINSLOW. There is no report of the
committee on the subject that I know of.
Mr. OLIN. Certainly the gentleman is mis-
taken. I assert that it'is a report of the committee,
and I was instructed by the committee to make it.
Certainly the gentleman cannot say that it is not
so, or he has not been there half of the time.
Mr. WINSLOW. I have seen no record of the
committee which authorizes any such report.
Mr. OLIN. I was instructed by the commit-
tee to make the report, and it is evident that if
we are to do anything at all, we ought to be per-
mitted to do it now. There are obstacles enough
thrown in our way, without such a war as this
being waged against us.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is very well that some
restraint should be put upon them, for if it isnot,
they will disgrace themselves and the country
worse than they have done already.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a point of order.
It is, that that cannot be the report of a committee.
It cannot be such a report as is contemplated by
the resolution submitting this matter to the com-
mittee for investigation, and it has never been the
practice of this House, so far as my knowledge
extends, to allow committees to bring m, under
color of reports, resolutions of this character.
There aic two subjects embraced in this reso-
lution. The committee ask, first, for a stenog-
rapher, and second, that they may be permitted
to publish the testimony from time to time. If
the Chair decides that this is a report from a com-
mittee, I should like the Chair to explain to the
House how a resolution to print the proof from
time to time con be a report from the committee
until the report is made, and the proof is before
the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The question is upon agreeing
to the resolution.
Mr. BRANCH. I call for a division of the
resolution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be di-
vided.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call the
previous question.
Mr. OLIN. I have already called the previous
question upon the resolution.
Mr. BURNETT. I would ask how the Chair
decided upon my point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decided against
the point of order.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. OLIN. I move to lay the appeal upon
the table.
Mr BURNETT. I ask the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 hope we shall have the
yeas and nays. I want to see who will vote
against a resolution of this kind.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman can see that
very well. We arc not afraid to vote upon this
side of the House.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TAYLOR. I wish to make an inquiry of
the gentleman who reported this resolution before
1 vote. I wish to ask him if the resolution was
adopted at a regular meeting of the committee.
Mr. OLIN. I have great pleasure in inform-
ing the gentleman that it was; and it is not likely
that I should have got up here and stated that it
was a report from the committee unless it had
been.
Mr. TAYLOR. The gentleman misconceives
the motive of my inquiry. It once took place
since this House has been in session, that a les-
olution was adopted at a meeting of a committee
which was not a regular one. I merely asked
the question in order that I might have the assur-
ance of the gentleman upon the subject.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state
upon the point of order, that the committee which
reports this resolution has a right to report at any
time. The gentleman from New York states that
this resolution is a report from the committee, and
the Chair must take the statement of the gentle-
man as verity.
Mr. HOUSTON obtained the floor.
Mr, BURNETT. If this question is debatable,
I should like to be heard upon it.
The SPEAKER. The question is not debat-
able, but the Chair will hear suggestions.
Mr. tJOUSTON. I do not want to debate the
question, but I want to ask the Chair to have the
resolution read under which the committee was
appointed. The question is not whether the com-
mittee was authorized to report at any time, but
