1228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
your attention, to cure this defect, or to sav in
other words: "if we have not brought the claims
for the losses of 1812 and 1813, created by the ac-
tion of General Matthews, within the purview of
the act of 1823, as the treaty was made to provide
for those losses, we will make the matter more
distinct by providing for them now in 1834."
But, sir, I am well aware that my'friend from
Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] wh,o is indisposed to-
day, who will argue this claim thoroughly, and
who understands it thoroughly, will place the
strength of his argument on this point: that not-
withstanding the acts of 1893 and 1834—which
acts have, so far as Congress could do it, legally
recognized our interpretation of the ninth article
of the treaty, and said in express terms that the
treaty does embrace the losses of 1813 and 1813—
we, must go behind the act of 1834; we must go
behind the act of 1823; we must look at the arti-
cle of the treaty itself, and if we shall find now
reasonable cause to suppose they were not em-
braced; then we must adjudicate on them no
longer. Now, sir, let mo answer that argument
of the Ssnator by the facts.
The original value of the property destroyed
by the United States army in East Florida, by
the invasion of 1812 and 1813, as decreed by the
TJnitedStatesjudges, and approved atthe Treasury
Department upon a careful review, is, as shown
by the Treasury records and reports, $1,180,406.
The original value of the property destroyed by
General Jackson's invasion of West Florida, in
1818, as decreed by the judges and approved at
the Treasury, is under $35,000. The Treasury
tables show a loss, by General Jackson's inva-
sioninl818,as recognized at the Treasury,of onlv
#25,533 37.
I ask whether it is to be supposed that nations
like Spain and the United States, meeting together
to adjudicate their outstanding claims, should hes-
itate for days and weeks over a paltry claim of
$25,000? That was the whole amount of the losses
m West Florida by the last invasion of 1818;
whereas the great bulk of all the losses was in
East Florida, by the invasions which had occurred
six years before.' General Jackson's invasion,
in 1818, was confined to West Florida, as was his
invasion in 1814. Neither he nor his army ever
entered East Florida. This fact was fully inquired
into and established before the Court of Claims.
General J ackson never crossed the Suwannee river,
and all the settlements of East Florida were far
to tho east of that river. (Vide the opinion of Scar-
burgh, J ,,p. 3.) In 1818,from the Suwannee to the
Perdido was an unbroken wilderness, with the
exception of the few settlements around Pensa-
cola; while East Florida, in 1812-13, had an ox-
tensiveagriculture,carried on by weal thy plan tors;
and-, owing to the embargo and non-intercourse
laws, the political state of Eurone, the war be-
tween Spain and her colonies, tlie war between
England and the United States, the existence of
the slave trade m East Florida, as a province of
Spain, and which had been abolished in 1808 in
the United States, a vast commerce was carried
on at the neutral port of Pernandina, and a great
portion of the capital of the southern States was
concentrated in East Florida. All the Spanish ac-
counts of the day show that East Florida was in
a very happy and prosperous condition when our
army went in there, and all the bulk of the losses
occurred there.
Again: General Jackson's army was in West
Florida buta short period, and was well supplied,
and under a state of strict discipline, (see Mr.
Everett's report,) while East Florida was occu-
pied from fourteen to eighteen months by regular
troops and large bodies of volunteers, without
discipline, who lived by marauding upon the in-
habitants and wantonly destroyed the property
of those who adhered to Spain. General Walker's
operations in Nicaragua were fully anticipated.
(See the statement of McClintock Young, Esq.,
late chief clerk of the Treasury, in the report of
the Courtof Claims; also, JudgeBronson's opin-
ion in the same.)
The claims arising in East Florida were the
matters principally talked over between Don
Onis and Mr. Adams in negotiating the treaty.
No allusion to West Florida at all. All these
facts ignore the idea, it seems to me, in a common-
sense point of view, that the treaty meant to con-
fine itself to the West Florida claims, particularly
when those claims amounted to only $25,000.
After a most careful and elaborate considera-
tion of the question, with the objections of Judge
Butler and Mr. Orr set out upon the solicitor's
brief, all the Judges of the Court of Claims con-
curred in opinion that the injuries resulting from
the invasion of 1812 and 1813 were within the
provisions of the ninth articleof the treaty of 1819.
Judge Scarburgh said:
"The treaty of 1819, between the United States and his
Catholic Majesty, was drawn up in the Spanish as well as in
thy English language. Both arc originals.—(United States
vs. Porchman, 7 Peters R., 81.) In the English original, the
ninth article contains the following provision:
(i 'The United States will cause satisfaction to be made
for the injuries, if any, which, by process of law, shall be
established to have been suffered by the Spanish officers
and individual Spanish inhabitants, by the late operations
of the American army in Florida.'—8 Statutes at Larze,
p. 252. '
"I have obtained two translations of the corresponding
provision m the Spanish original: the one through the so-
licitor of this couit, and the other through the counsel for
the petitioner. They were made by different persons, but
substantially—almost in ipsissimis verbis—agree. They are
appended to this opinion. The following is the translation
furnished by the solicitor:
" e And the United States shall (or will) satisfy (or make
satisfaction) tor the injuries, if any there should have been,
which the Spanish inhabitants and (Spanish) officers may
(or shall) judicially prove, according to law, that they have
suffered (literally to have suffered) by the operations of the
American army in them (the Floridas.)"'
Here I will say that the treaty itself refers to
" the Floridas," and both the English and Span-
ish versions refer to " the Floridas;" but the op-
ponents of this case, when they come to interpret
the ninth article, restrict it to West Florida alone.
Now I submit that this is another point which is
entirely inconsistent with the argument which the
Senate will be called upon to hear, that the ninth
article refers only to the " late operations of the
American army5' in the Floridas, because they
restrict the word "late" to the operations of 1818.
There were no operations in East Florida at all
then; they were confined to West Florida; and, as
I remarked before, they were limited to about
twenty-five thousand dollars in amount—an
amount which it certainly would not have required
a treaty stipulation to insure. Judge Scarburgh
further says:
" Prior to the passage of the act of 1834, the Secretary of
the Treasury held that injuries suffered m 1812 and 1813
were not within the treaty; and this decision, it seems, oc-
casioned that act.
" In determining whether the petitioner is entitled to
relief, I deem it important to inquire, in the first place,
whether her case is embraced by the provisions of the
ninth aiticie of the ueaty.
" The only doubt which ha<? ever been suggested upon this
point has aii^en from the word 'late,' which is found in
the English, hut not in the Spanish, original of the treaty.
If it, be interpietcd in the sense of'latest,' or Mast.' then
the English and Spanish parts are wholly irreconcilable. At
the date of the treaty, Florida was divided into two prov-
inces—Rast and West Florida. The last operations of the
tioops of the United States occurred in the year 1818, and
were confined to West Florida. The words of the Spanish
original cannot, therefore, be satisfied if they be restricted
to the operations m 1818; because, in their natural import,
they extend to both the Floridas, and they cannot, without
violence, be limited to one of them only. And, moreover,
the Spanish original does not contain the word Mate.' But
the word late does not necessarily mean ' latest,' or 1 last.'
It may mean e not long past, happening not long ago, re-
cent.' It is apparent, therefore, that no violence will be
done to the word 'late,' by extending it so as to include the
operations of the tioops of the United States inEast Florida
in 1812 and 1813. At the time of making the treaty there
would have been no impropriety of language in saying that
they occurred not long ago—recently. If this construction
be adopted, the English and the Spanish originals harmo-
nize with each other. <■ Both are originals, and were, un-
questionably, intended by the paiues to be identical.'
* * * * i If the English and tho Spanish
parts can, without violence, be made to agree, that con-
struction which establishes this conformity ought to pie-
vail.'—Per Marshall, C. J., m United States vs. Perc/imcm,
71'etcrs's R.,&8.
"This construction of the treaty is fortified by the act of
1834, which overrules the action of the Secretary of the
Treasury, by which tho cases of 1812 arid 1813 have been
rejected, and in effect declares that they are within the
piovisions of the treat}'. Such is clearly the proper con-
struction of that act. The first section of it provides for the
satisfaction of the judgments which had already been ren-
dered in those cases; and the second authorizes the judge
of the superior court at St. Augustine to receive, examine,
and adjudge all claims for losses in the years 1812 and J 813,
which might, within one year from the passage of that act,
be presented to him. There is no provision in that act for
the payment of the judgments authorized by its second
section. Unless they can he paid under the act of 1823,
there is no authority given by law anywhere for their pay-
ment. I regard the two acts as constituting parts of the
same system, and to be interpreted precisely as if they had
been enacted at the same time. The judgments, then, under
the act of 1834, were, like judgments under the act of 1823,
to be reported to the Secretary of the Treasury, and paid
by him, upon his being satisfied that they were just and
equitable, within the provisions of the treaty. But it is
clear that such could not have been the case if Congress
had not intended by the act of 1834 to declare, in effect,
that the losses of 1812 and 1813 were injuries under the
ninth article of the treaty; for, if Congress had not so in-
tended,the second section of that act would have been not
only inconsistent with itself, but wholly nugatory.
" There can be no doubt, then, I think, that the petition-
er's case was embraced by the ninth article of the treaty."
Judge Scarburgh adds:
"We concur, I believe, in the opinion that the injuries
of 1812 and 1813 are within the treaty."
Judge Blackford said:
(i There had been injuries committed in 1819 and 1813,
and also in 1818, by the American army in Florida; and the
Secretary of the Treasury had decided that the treaty did
not apply to the injuries of 1812 and 1813. It was in con-
sequence of that decision that the act of 1834 was passed,
which provides for the injuries committed in 1812 and 1813.
The acts of 1823 and 1834 must be considered as if their
provisions were contained in the same act. The object of
both acts is the same; namely, to furnish an appropriate
remedy by which the injuries mentioned in the last clause
of the ninth article of the treaty aforesaid might be estab-
lished, and the satisfaction there alluded to be obtained."
He further said, in Robert Harrison's case:
" In the above cited case of Humphreys vs. The United
States, I expressed no opinion whether the Secretary of the
Treasury,in rejecting the claim for interest allowed by Judge
Reid, had or had not decided correctly. So, in the present
case, I express no opinion whether the claimant was or was
not entitled to the interest, or any part of it, allowed by
Judge Reid and disallowed by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. That is a question over which this court has no juris-
diction ; and that is my reason for expressing no opinion
respecting it."
Judge Gilchrist said:
" As I have already intimated my opinion, it may not be
improper for me here to state that I adhere to that opinion;
and that, if the question came properly before us, I should
say that the claimant was entitled to the interest on the
amount of his loss as ascertained by the territorial judge."
A literal translation of this clause of the treaty,
declared to be correct by^both translators in the
State Department, is as follows:
" Y Ios Estados Unidos sat-
isfar&n Ios perjuicios, silos
hubiese habido, que los hab-
itantes yoficiales Espaliolcs
justifiquen* legalmente ha-
ber sufrido por las opera-
ciones del Exercito Ameri-
cano en ellas."
"And the United States
will satisfy the injuries, if
them there have been, which
the inhabitants and officers
of Spain may judicially prove
according to law to have suf-
fered by the operations of
the army American m them,
(the Floridas.)"!
The Government translator, to whom the fore-
going was submitted, by direction of the Court of
Claims, said, (in the translation furnished by the
solicitor of the United States:)
"The words justifiquen legalmente are accurately trans-
lated, in my opinion, by"* may judicially prove, accoiding
to law.' Justificar justnm facet c is a verb that has a good
many meanings. When it is used as a law (crm, as it is in
this clause of the treaty, it signifies that, or something equiv-
alent. The translation might be varied, and the meaning
still preserved; but to be correct, it must convey the idea
that the injuries (named in tho treaty) are to be proved by
judicial proceedings of some kind, conducted in legal man-
ner and form—legalmente. Escriche says, in his Spanish
Law Dictionai y, that the word justification means the prov
ing of something by documents or witnesses; an A justificar
means, in Spanish law, to produce judicially, written or oral
proof of a thing."
The last protocol, from which both sides of the
treaty were drawn up, is in the following words,
and was written in the English language:
" ' The United States will satisfy all the just claims which
the inhabitants and Spanish officers of the Floridas may
have upon them, in consequence of the damages theymav
have sustained by the operations and proceedings of the
American army, as is customary with the citizcns of the
United States.' Opposite to which, in a parallel column,
Mr. Adams wrote the word 'Agreed.'"—Am. State Papers,
Foreign Relations, vol. 4, p. 622.
Mind you, sir, this was written only in English.
It is not, therefore, susceptible of the difficulty
which the two versions in Spanish and English
are. This corresponds with the Spanish si3e of
the treaty; and on the production of this paper
from the State Department, the act of 1834, as I
have already remarked, declaring the claims of
1812 and 1813 to be within the treaty, was passed.
I have referred to the argument used on that oc-
casion, particularly by the then Delegate from
Florida, to see that this protocol was then first
produced.
*Justifiquen is translated " may judicially prove." It is
the subjunctive present of the verb jwtificar. This verb is
translated into Latin by the Spanish Academy, " in jure,
judicio probare,"and is explained, in Spanish, by the same
Academy, as follows:
" Probar judicialmente alguna cosa."
To prove judicially any thing.
(See Dictionary of Spanish Academy, verb justificar.)
f This translation is made word for word, as being more
satisfactory.
