3116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
If he-had read that, I think it would have been
a material qualification of what he did read:
" I have no doubt of the superiority of the mine."
Mr. KING. That was read.
Mr. ANTHONY. Well, sir, if it is no better
than some of our coal, I do not think wc ought
to pay a very great price for it.
Mr. KING. My objection to this claim ia the
manner in which it comes to us, and without evi-
dence, as I say, that is at all satisfactory. I never
heard of it until my attention was called to it by
a gentleman who had taken part in the examina-
tion of it in the other House. It was there sent
to a committee, and has been examined; and there
are divided reports of the committee before that
House. I think the very discussion which we
have had here shows at least one thing, and that
is the impropriety of putting a large proposition
of this sort on a general appropriation bill. This
subject, if it has half the importance which is at-
tributed to it by gentlemen who seem to favor the
appropriation, ought to have a consideration by
and of itself in the two Houses, and be determined
upon its own merits, and not by the votes of Sen-
ators here, when they are in haste to get through
with the bill, and without the examination that a
subject of this importance ought to have. This
was under examination some time in the Navy
Department. Now, the Secretary of the Navy
has ample power to con tract for coal for the Navy.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I-Ie has made a contract.
Mr. ICING. The Secretary of the Navy has
examined this matter; and, with ample authority
to make a contract for the supply of the Navy
with coal, he has not felt at liberty, with such in-
formation as he would be able to lay before Con-
gress to justify him in doing it, in making an ab-
solute contract; but he has made a conditional
one, referring it to us to make the contract, and
the action of Congress is necessary to make the
contract. The Secretary has not concluded the
contract; has declined to do so on his own re-
sponsibility; and thus it is that we should be well
informed of a good reason for such a contract as
this.
Now, this was referred by the Secretary of the
Navy, at an early period in March, to the Attor-
ney General, who returned it with some eight
objections, each of which would be fatal to it.
He has returned it with.his objections, the last
one of which is about like that which was given
on an occasion as one of thirteen reasons a man
had for not /inns: a salute. The first one was that
he had no powder. He was told that was suffi-
cient; he need not go 011 wiihlhe olheis. [Laugh-
ter.] I think the other reasons here are of about
the same character:
"The objection still remaining if, [says the Attorney
General in the second report,] that tboVnited States can-
not take exclusive possesion of the piopeity, without the
confirm of tiic New Granadi.in Government. Von are 10
judge how far this consent has boon given,or what neces-
sity there maybe lot turther negotiation, in tlio paper
written by General Hcrran, ho does not allude to this
point."
Which is, in truth, the essential point of the
case. If we purchase the rights of the parties,
and yef, cannot take possession, what do we get ?
" Crmn-talM) be remembered, [^nyi the Attorney On-
eia! on linn last point,} that this trraiit of a roadway does
not include any light to make a lailroad."
TIksc points, I will infoitn my friend from
Maine, the Attorney General says stand against
this contract; so that I do not sec any substantial
benefit winch we are t-o get, except, as the Secre-
tary of the Nayy says, if there he coal timre, that
we shall have a right to buy it at ten cents a ton,
paying the expense of mining and transporta-
tion.
But an objection made to this grant was,, that
it was not made fairly; and another, that the com-
pany had nev-ci propeily ojganized. It is one of
those roving companies for mining and general
speculation; obtaining its charter in a Sinn , and
traveling the country over to find something to
speculate upon. 1 have been told tins company
commenced its operations of mining in South
America; that it afterwards transferred them to
Cuba; and that some year or two ago, when, as
all will recollect, there was a very extended cir-
culation of the report of the immense quantity
of gold that was found in this Chiriqui country,
in graves of the Indians who had been buried
there for centuries past, they went into that re-
gion, and the gold stories proving to be false,
they have reduced their mining operations to the
coal business. The whole testimony of their own
witnesses, their own engineers, is of samples that
are good for nothing. The veins which they
ispeak of, they say, are of value, if they should
unite and thus form a vein thick enough to be
worked profitably.
In regard to the character of this company, I
read from a document which was put into my
hands just now as their defense against the im-
putation that they were notacorporation,in fact,
in existence. The report says that it is not true
that the company was ever organized under their
charter. They say, on their side:
" There is, accompanying the papers laid before the Sec-
retary of the Navy and the committee, a sworn copy of the
record of the proceedings of the company, furnished by its
secretary, whereby if is shown that the company was reg-
ularly organized at the Merchants'Exchange, in the city
of Philadelphia, May 31,1855, by tlie election of aboard of
directors. The same iccord shows thattliuducctorsafter-
waids met, elected officers, and established a branch ofiiee
in the city of New York. This oigaaization has ever since
continued."
"Why, Mr. President, we have in the news-
papers m the city of New York every week the
history of one of these bubbles. An office for a
fortnight, or three or four weeks, is kept in the
city of New York, and stock quoted and trans-
ferred from one to another at nominal prices, and
finally falls away. This company, if they really
had anything of the value that they talk about,
would not want to sell it for a song. It is very easy
to talk about the great importance of a route across
the Isthmus and a railroad there; but it seems
that these people themselves have no right to make
a railroad. This is thirty or forty miles longer
than the Panama route any way across by land;
and yet the great importance of a route across the
Isthmus is one that does not attach to this matter
at all. I know nothing about these harbors; they
may be all that the gentlemen say they arc; but
these people have no authority to convey them
to the United States, or to give the use of them at
all. That is a matter for which you have to ne-
gotiate with the Government to get any rights.
This company have the rights that all citizens
have, to enter the open harbors of all civilized
nations. That our ships have, and individuals
have, and the merchant marine of any country;
and that is all they can give us. That wc have
without them. 1 do not see that anythingof any
value is to be given to the United States; and this
roving company, after having organized in Phil-
adelphia, had its office in New Yoik, gone to
South America, Cuba, and finally settled among
the gold graves of Chiriqui, having found a coal
mine, it seems now would like to sell it to the
United States fur $300,000, if they can.
Gentlemen say this bill is guarded. Now, I put
it to Senators to think of the manner in which
these schemes are brought forward and acted upon
in Congress. Words arc introduced of somewhat
uncertain constiuction; but let these people get a
foothold, let them get a claim upon these $300,000
—that is ail they want. The Senator from Maine
very well said to the Senate that these people
were out of capital and wanted money. I dare
say they are. Most of these vagabond companies
are, and would be glad to find a capitalist any-
where who could be flattered into the idea to fur-
nish them means, double, triple, or four fold, by
telling wonderful stories. I am rather surprised
jit what the Senator from Iowa said in regard to
it, after reading the statements made by them-
selves, for I have not had time to look at the re-
port, in which there is so very little said about this
coal m that country. For myself, I regard this
matter as simply one of those schemes m which
an imposition is attempted to be practiccd. I do
not. of course, believe, and certainly should not
desire to be understood as saying, anything that
would impute to any honorable gentleman here
any knowledge of that matter; but there are no
facts shown hero that contradict the worst sup-
positions that can be entertained of this being a
mere speculating concern.
Mr. JVlAIjIiORY. Mr. President, I confess
that I have been very much perplexed as to the
vote I should give upon this question. The ques-
tion came up before the committee of which I
have the honor to be chairman, and I gave it all
the attention that I could, and have read all the
testimony in relation to the question that I could
get hold of. This will be important if the har-
bor upon the Atlantic and the harbor upon the
Pacific side be as stated, and of this I entertain
no doubt whatever, because I have examined the
British surveys, and I am quite confident that they-
are correct. I have known personally the British
surveyor for many years past, the right honor-
able Captain Barnet, "who made the survey very
accurately, and he described it as being one of
the finest bays in the world. It is described by
geographers as being an inland bay, running
ninety miles along the land, while it is from forty-
five to fifty miles inland, with harbor upon harbor,
capable of anchoring thelargest ships in the world,
and many of them being able to lie immediately
alongside of the shore; the lands abounding in
timber, suitable for building ships. The harbor
of Golfito, on the Golfo Dolce, upon the other
side, is unquestionably a good one. Superadded
to this, it is declared upon questionable authority,
or rather insufficient authoiity, that there is a
great abundance of coal of good quality in posi-
tions attainable and easily worked. If this be
so, there is a combination of advantages which
this country does not possess at any other point.
There is no point on the Pacific or Atlantic sea-
board of this country that possesses the advant-
ages found at this place; and when I acknowl-
edge that, I am amazed at the moderation of the
corporation that have this thing in charge. With
these privileges, $300,000 is a mere pittance; the
sum ought not to be considered for a moment; and
if Senators arc satisfied with the proofs which are
given of the existence of abundance of coal, of
the depth and capacity of these harbors upon
either side of the isthmus, they can entertain no
doubt whatever, because the testimony is entirely
independent of this corporation, for surveys have
been made by other nations for their own pur-
poses, and are before the world; but if the Senate
is satisfied of the presence of this enormous amount
of coal of this quality, I say, I am astonished at
the moderation of the company. It would cer-
tainly be an acquisition that this country ought not
to neglect by any means; and wc may be assured,
if we do neglect it, it will pass into other hands.
I confess that my doubts about the whole thing
were very much increased by learning that the
money which was expected from the Govern-
ment from this contract had been divided out into
shares, and sold in the market for some twenty
or twenty-five per cent, discount; that the shares
were bought up, and the proprietary interest in
the company was distributed throughout a great
many hands, who were coming here to Congress
to press this claim upon them. That excited m
me a-disposition to look at the whole thing, nnd
before the Committee on Naval Affairs, not wish-
ing to give this proposition, which might have a
good deal of merit in it, any discouragement. I
believe the committee came to no vote whatever,
but left every member to vote as he pleased.
Now, sir, if the coal be there, and there be but
one harbor on the Atlantic side, it is clearly an
exceedingly cheap bargain for us if we can get it.
If wc can get the use of the harbor and the facil-
ity of working the coal, it will be very cheap at
$300,000. I differ very much from the Senator
from Maine in his calculations about the coal,
because I have given that subject some practical
attention. You can place coal at this very har-
bor for nine dollars, and you cannot mine coal
there for a less price and deliver it on board ship
than you can mine it at Cumberland and bring it
down the Mississippi or Alabama, where they
have coal also, or cariy it from Delaware bay and
put it aboard the same ship. Everything, m
fact, is in favor of the pricc paid for the anthra-
cite coal in Pennsylvania. I think wo might, de-
liver coal very well there at nine dollars. That
is the price at which it is placed in the Gulf ports
and landed, all charges included. The sum of,
eleven dollars, stated in this report, is wrong to
that extent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state that the in-
formation about the price in the report is obtained
from the Department.
Mr. MALLORY. I do not care where it was
obtained.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is what the Gov-
ernment paid.
Mr. MALLOUY. If they paid eleven dollars,
they paid too much.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You cannot get it for
less,
