1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
BUT
Mr. MALLORY. Oh, yes, you can.
Mr. HAMMOND. "What is the price at Key
"West?
Mr. MALLORY. Nine dollars.
Mr. HAMMOND. Well, it would be cheap
to the Government at eleven dollars.
Mr. MALLORY. The nine dollars includes
freight and insurance, besides avoiding a decent
profit. It includes all the chargcs; and that is a
place of about the same latitude as this. The lat-
itude of this point is about eight or ten degrees
north latitude, I think. I am prepared,as I said,
to vote fortius amendment; because I am satis-
fied of the existence of the harbors on both sides.
Another point that struck me, in investigating
the subject, is this  
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to inquire of
the Senator, just upon that point, as this amend-
ment is now drawn, whether we are not to pay
for these harbors until we get the consent of the
Government of New Granada, and that these
parties are to get the consent of that Government
when we have the harbors and the coal depot?
Is that the effect of the present amendment?
Mr. MALLORY. Now, sir, in relation to that
point, I have no knowledge before me that the
Government of New Granada has ever consented
to the alienation of this grant in this form. The
objections which the Secretary of the Navy, after
he had made this conditional contract, submitted
to the Attorney General, comprised seven points.
He submitted his objections or suggestions to the
Attorney General, who replies to them. He says
upon all six points, on a reexamination of the
entire case, he is entirely satisfied the grant is
perfect, and the rights acquired by the United
States under it equally so. The seventh point is
this:
" The Government of the United States could not, with-
out violating the law of nations, talte arid hold possession
of such property within a foreign country."
Upon that point, he says:
" The objection still remaining is, that the United States
cannot take exclusive possession of the property without
the consent of the New Granadian Government. You [the
Secretary of the Navy] are to judge how far tills consent has
been given, or what necessity theie may be for fin tiier ne-
gotiation."
1 am not aware of any reason which induced
the Attorney General to withhold his opinion
upon that subject. I do not know what the De-
partment thinks upon that subject; whether the
New Granadian Governmenthas to be approached
by ours after we make the contract, and its con-
sent attained to our entering upon the property or
not; and that, I confess, is a doubt which has
precluded me heretofore from entering partly into
a subject which pertains so much for the benefit of
the Navy.
Now, sir, as for the supply of coal upon the
Pacific, the price of coal there will remain the
same whether we buy this property or not. The
distance across, from the nearest water on the
Atlantic to the nearest water on the Pacific, at
Gtoifito, is sixty-five miles by an airline; but it
is a mountainous country, and although i have
not the slightest doubt, from the surveys, that
there is a practical route for a railroad across, the
route is a much longer one than that sixty-five-
mile air line; and we have, of course, to wait until
parties interested shall build the road, before the
coal, if it be there, can be transported to the other
side. That is problematical; but I will vote for
the amendment 
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator allow me to
inquire if he understands that these parties have
the right to build a road?
Mr. MALLORY. Unquestionably. The At-
torney General has given an opinion upon that
subject that they have.
Mr. CLARK. I have here the grant—if the
Senator will permit me—which everybody can
construe for himself. The first article is this:
"An exclusive privilege for sixty years is hereby conceded
to Ambiose W. Thompson, for improving, in a solid man-
ner, fit for the transit of whoaled vehicles, and maintaining
in good condition, the provincial road, opened more than
fourteen years ago, between this city and Cocas del Toio."
That is the grant they have got: to finish this
provincial road for wheeled vehicles, opened more
than fourteen years ago.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator does notdis-
tinctly understand the whole question.
Mr. CLARK. Peihaps I do not. I am en-
deavoring to get light upon it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The right to build the
road, as I understand it by reading the papers, is
a right belonging to the province of Chiriqui in
itself, and that province granted the right. The
opinion given by the Government officers of New
Granada is, that they have the right to build just
such a road as they please.
Mr. CLARK. Who grants it?
Mr. FESSENDEIT. The province of Chiriqui
grants it to this company. Objection was made
to its being confirmed, and they confirmed the
right to build the road, and just such a road as
they pleased.
Mr. CLARK. Now I bold in my hand the
privileges granted by the province of Chiriqui,
which I read. They grant the right to finish this
old road for wheel carriages, a road begun 'four-
teen years ago. That is all the province of Chi-
riqui grants.
Mr. MALLORY. I will say to the Senutor
from New Hampshire, in addition to what I have
said already, that that question is still involved in
difficulty, becausc the road runs only partly in the
province of Chiriqui. If the honorable Senator
will look at it, he will find that,although the prov-
ince of Chiriqui might grant, in direct terms, the
power to build the road, it could only extend
within its own territorial limits, and will not go
beyond it, and does not extend to Golfito by sev-
eral miles.
But 1 shall vote for the amendment under all the
circumstances, knowing this harbor to be there;
one of the most remarkable bays in the world,
lunning, as I say, ninety miles along the shore,
and from forty-five to fifty miles inland, with har-
bor upon harbor, and bay upon bay, where the
largest ships lay entirely concealed from theocean,
and which has a capacity for the largest class of
vessels in the world; and even though the coal
should turn out a failure, it is exceedingly import-
ant to this country that they should secuie an
additional liaibor there. I know of no other place
where we can have one, unless we got from Hon-
duras the Bay islands. The two frigate harbors
at Ruataii aie the only ones that seem to be open.
It would be rather humiliating if we should refuse
this bargain, for it is a bargain, and 1 am aston-
ished atits moderation; and we should hear, ill the
course of three or four months, that Great Britain
had secured from an incorporated company, in
our own country, the very privileges we have re-
fused. Coal or no coal, therefore, I should vote
for the amendment; but 1 had agreatdeal of doubt
about the original proposition granting this round
sum of $300,000upon testimony which seemed so
meager. In fact, [ do not think the testimony on
the subject of coal is really worthy of our consid-
eration. It was known that coal was the import-
ant element m dl this matter. The report before
us is called '• contract for coal." Instead of a re-
port on this subject, it is called '' contract for
coal." The Secretary of the Navy is very cau-
tious in putting in the words, " if coal be there."
He directed the officers down there very carefully
to ascertain as much as they could upon this sub-
|ect, and directed several interrogatories to them.
Their replies are very meager, indeed. Mr. Almy,
who is an exceedingly competent and carefulgen-
tleman, replies very gingerly as to the information
wanted; and the whole amount of coal obtained
for the purposes of trial was only five hundred
pounds.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator allow me to
put another question?
Mr. MALLORY. Certainly.
Mr. CLARK. It is this; whether, if it should
turn out that there was no coal there, and that
there could be no direct and proper communica-
tion between these two harbors, the honorable
Senator would think it a good bargain to pay
$300,000 for the coal depot on the Gulf side?
Mr. MALLORY. The bill does not propose
any such thing.
Mr. CLARK. I know that. I want to come
to that point, if the Senator will give his opinion
on it.
Mr. MALLORY. I have already said that I
doubted very much the propriety of paying the
round sum of $300,000 for that purpose.
Mr. CLARK. I did not so understand the
Senator, or I would not have asked the question
again.
Mr. HAMMOND. If the Senate is prepared
to como to a vote, I will not say another word.
I should prefer rather to have the vote now, than
to say anything more. [" Let us vote!"] If it is
understood that the vote can be got I have nothing
more to say. If there is anything more to be said,
I should like to say a few words.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator will allow me to-
say, that I hope the discussion will go on. I eon--
ceive and readily yield the desirableness of these
harbors on the two sides of this isthmus; but I
want to know what may be the benefits and what
may be the readiness of communication before I
give my vote. I should be ve-y glad to do it, if 1
can see that I am clearly giving my vote for the
advantage of the country. I hope the discussioa
will go on.
Mr. HAMMOND. Understanding that the
Senator intends to discuss it, I will say a few-
words. In the first place, it seems to be a perfect
absurdity that this Senate—so large a body as this
—should undertake to discuss a question of title,
or even undertake to discuss the question of the
advantages of such a contract, except in a very
general way. We have our Government, we have
our Departments appropriate for the investigation
of these matters; and we are a body utterly in-
competent to investigate them. We are utterly
incompetent to investigate such matters as these,
except in their general, commercial, political,and
economical bearings. You may get up here and
say " this is a job." Well, if I say it is not a
job, and make an issue with you, it will take
thirty days, at least, to try the case, perhaps thirty
years. You may say there is no coal there. Well,
you must have a committee appointed to try the
question whether there was coal there or not.
You may say there is no title; there is no harbor.
All these things can be very easily said, and said
upon any question.
I am exceedingly glad to sec two or three Sen-
ators upon the opposite side ask these questions.
I shall treasure their objections to this measure;
because 1 expect to receive a great many such
measures, if-I stay long in the Senate, from that
side, and I would like to quote back upon them.
I would like to demand of them the same proof
that they are demanding of me. I say " the other
side." I do not, however, consider this aparty
question at all. Really, it is of more advant-
age to the people on the Atlantic North than any-
body at the South. The people of the South have
little to do with it. They have no trade and but
little intercourse with the Pacific. The only inter-
est I feel in it is for the Navy of the United States,
and as a citizen ofthe Confederacy; but, commer-
cially speaking, it is all for the benefit of those
who, for the most part, occupy seats oil the other
side. But I am very glad to see such particular-
ity in these things; and hereafter I shall feci my-
self at liberty, when the Senator from New York,
[Mr.King,] ortheScnatorfrom Wisconsin, [Mr.
Do olittle,] or the Senator from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Clark,] produces a project of this sort, to
demand of them proof of eveiything to the very
bottom.
Here is a proposition which offers well for the
United States. Ifitis worth anything at all, it is
worth millions of dollars to the United States.
What is asked to try the proposition is, I repeat,
a bagatelle. Itisjust as if one or the other of us
should put five cents on a faro bank card where
there was a chance to get a million. Who would
hesitate? That is the proposition. Nowifthese
harbors be what is represented, then it is a fine
bargain. If the coal is what it is represented,
then itis a fine bargain. If the transit route across
the isthmus is anything like it is represented,
then it is a fine bargain; and each of these is a
fine bargain, if all the rest were to fail. Hers are
reports. The first question you ask is as to the
title. Who have you got to go to to ascertain
what is the title of any property the United States
proposes to purchase? You must necessanly go
to the Attorney General, and unless he is a man
against whom you can find something to impeach
him, you must more or less abide by hiin; for we
legislate on faith. We must have faith in some-
body, somewhere. Now here is what the Attor-
ney General says as to the title. I read from a
copy of a letter, the original of which I have seen,
and which I can procure if anybody doubts it.
Here is the letter, dated Attorney General's Office,
December 31, 1859:
" The title to the property at the Isthmus of Chiriqui sold
to the United States by Mr. Thompson anfl his associates.
