THE
GLOBE.
vf-5 «f
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, P. G-.
Thirtt-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1859.
N bw' SebSES; ...'.tf 9'.'-14;_
have honored mo. Therefore, 1 have declined,
and must continue to decline. But where does
jiis decimation lead me ? It necessarily compels
We to continue steadily, and to the end, .to vote
as I have hitherto—for some gentleman standing
upon the Democratic platform, as wc construe it,
whose record, if not conformable to my own upon
all the great questions which divided the Thirty-
Fifth Congress, is nevertheless of such a character,
in respect of the most prominent political issue
of that Congress, as will, I feci assured, answer
the just requirements of the constituency which
has again honored me with their confidence.
Mr. NOELL. 1 understand the gentleman to
admit, that he voted against the admission of Ore-
gon on account of her not having a representative
ratio, and also against the admission of Minne-
sota. I ask the gentleman whether, if the ques-
tion comes up this present session,he is prepared
to vote against the admission of Kansas, because
of her not having sufficient population?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Mr. Clerk, an
answer to this question will require an explana-
tion of tlie circumstances attending the case which
X prefer not now to make, and need not, if the
question be withdrawn. [Cries of "Withdraw
it!"] .
Mr. ]NTOELL. I withdraw the question.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Then I forbear
further discussion at this time.
Mr. FARNSWOR.TH obtained the floor.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Will the gentle-
man yield for a motion for another vote?
Mr. Mc-CLERNAND. 1 desire my colleague
to yield to me for a personal explanation.
Mr. FAUNSWOltTH. I yieldthe floor to my
colleague, who desires to make a personal expla-
nation, and also for.a ballot; but with the under-
standing that I shall have the iloor to-morrow.
Many Members. Yes; that is all right.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Ithasbecn the pleasure,
Mr. Clerk, of some of my political friends on this
floor, to cast their votes lor me in this contest for
Speaker. That this was done without any soli-
citation on my pari, they will bear testimony.
That it was done contrary to my wishes, many
of them know. Sincerely thanking these gentle-
men for this mark ol their respect and confidence,
I beg of them to cease voting for me, and to vote
for another. I am not aeandidate foi the Speaker-
ship. I do not desire the office. If it were in my
power to control it, I would bestow it on another
rather than take it myself; and there is no gen-
tleman in this House on whom I would more
readily bestow it than my distinguished friend
from Virginia, [Mr. Millrow] i have had the
pleasure of knowing that gentleman many years.
I served m Congress with him, through a stormy
and eventful period of our national history. During
that period, X had opportunities of judging his
character and qualifications; and I am proud to
be enabled to say, what justicc and truth demand,
that he over bore himself as a patriot and a states-
man; that his constant aim and effort seemed to
be to promote the best interests and the glory of
our common country. Indeed, I know of no gen-
tleman on this floor better qualified to grace the
Speaker's chair than that gentleman. He is a
man of learning, of wisdom, of great parliament-
ary experience, and, withal, a Democrat—a Dem-
ocrat of the "old school." His moral, his social,
and intellectual qualities, eminently fit Rim for the
Speaker's chair. I am for him," and hope that all
who sympathize with me in this contest are for
him. Let as, whatever may be our differences of
opinion on some points, make one united and con-
sentaneous effort—if need be, several—to elevate
him to the Speaker's chair; and doubt not that
the country will approve the act. [Applause.]
Mr. JOHN* COCHRANE. I move that the
House do now proceed to vote for Speaker.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WINSLOW. , I move a call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I merely rise at this
time to say, that perhaps it will be necessary
hereafter to allude to the fact that I am not to be
14
heard on this floor. I will not now bring it up,,
I think that I was entitled to the floor to-day. It
has not been given to me. I shall insist on it
hereafter; and if, hereafter, I am successful in ob-
taining it, I sliali come to the conclusion that what
I have heard on the subject is incorrect. If I am
not successful, then I shall come to the opposite
conclusion—that I am to be excluded.
As a member of this House, I claim my com-
mon rights. As a member of this House, I shall
insist upon them at all times, and on all proper
occasions; and I shall defend them as far as God
has given me ability to do so. One of my col-
leagues obtained the floor this evening before me.
Let him have it. I will not press the matter
now. I will do so when I can get the floor here-
after.
The CLERK. The Clerk begs leave to ask
the attention of the House for one moment . Gen-
tlemen will bear him witness that the position in
which he is placed is not one to be coveted.
Those who have experience on this floor know
that it is very difficult to fill that position to the
satisfaction of all the members of the ilouse. If
the Clerk understands the remarks of the gentle-
man from Illinois, they are applied personally to
him. There can be no misunderstanding on that
point. The Clerk recognizes the right of every
member to be heard, and if it should be the wiil
of the House to keep him in his position until all
shall have an opportunity to be heard, they will
all be heard.
Gentlemen who are my personal friends have
pressed me, from time to time, for the floor. 1
have regretted that 1 have not had it m my power
at all times to accommodate them. But, sir, 1 have
now, and have had for the last few days, fiftccrn
or twenty applications for the floor, from gentle-
men who are all pressing upon me. It is impos-
sible for me to gratify ail these, gentlemen at one
time. I desire to do no injustice to any one. I
desire to do equal and exact justice to all. The
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Morris,] who has
just submitted his remarks to the House on this
subject, made Ins application this morning. Other
applications have been pending for a week, and
have been pressed upon me from gentlemen who
have not been heard upon the floor since this
House met. I felt it to be my duty to give them
a hearing, so far as it was m my power to do it
without'domg injustice to others. 1 say now, that
so long as I occupy this place, 1 shall continue so
to do, regardless of what may lie thought by those
who may feel that they have higher claims upon
me than other members of the House. I regarjJ
all as upon an equality, and that equality, so far
as it is m mv power, I will maintain. [Applause.]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move that all
further proceedings under the call be dispensed
with.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 1 merely want to
say, in reply to the remarks of the Clerk, that 1
claim no higher or greater privilege m this House
than any other member. I have none. A! i I wanted
to know was, whether 1 was to be treated1 with
the same courtesy and fairness that other mem-
bers are. That is all.
The CLERK. So far as the Clerk is concerned,
thegentleman shall havejustthat—[Several Mem-
bers on the Republican side: " And no more !"]
—and no more.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I am advised that some
pcntlemcn on this side are absent, and it would
perhaps be better, therefore, that there should be
a call of the roll.
A Member. There is only one absent Mr,
Brabsox.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move that there be a
call of the House. [Cries of''No !" "No!"]
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. NOELL. If the yeas and nays are to be
called, we had better adjourn.
Mr. FARNSWGRTH. I hope that, by gen-
eral consent, the roll will be called. It will take
less time than it-will to take lie yeas and nays.
[Loud cries of" Agreed!" from both sides of the
House.] . _ , -
The roll was accordingly called; when the fo^
lowing members faile4,to answer'to their names:
Messrs. Ashley, Bkabson, Brown., Clemens,,
Clark B. Cochrane, Landiujm, .and-
worth. . ■ i
Mr. HUTCHINS stated that Mr. Ashwi had
paired off with Mr. Clemens. - '- .. ■.
Mr. SCRANTON stated that he w<ould pair off.
with Mr. Brabson, who was absent from the Hall
temporarily. ,
Mr. BLAKE stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Landrum. . , : . ' ■
SEVENTEENTH BALIOT 3?0K SPEAKER. :
The House then proceeded to the seventeenth
ballot for Speaker, with the following1 result:"
Whole number of votes cast, 226; necessary to a
choice, 114; of which— " i
Mr. Sherman received , 106
Mr. Millson •' 95 '
Mr. Etheridgc    J
Mr. Gilmer     6
Mr. John G. Davis..-......   A
Mr. Adrain     1
Mr. Thomas L. Anderson 7 I
Mr. Hill       1
Mr. MeClernand  *1
Mr. McQueen...     *
Mr. Nelson   •"    *■
Mr: Kiggs  1
ho there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Shermaii—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldtich,
Alley, Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Brayton, Bufimton,
I Bmlmgfimc, Bumham, Burroughs, Buttertield3 Campbell^
Oarey, Cauer, Case, Colfax, Conkling, Oorwm, Covode,
Curtis, Dawes, Delano, Duel!, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards,
Jiliot, Ely, Farnsworth, Fonlou, Ferry, Foster, Frank,
French, Good). Graham, Grow, Curley, Hale, Hall, Has-
km, Helmick, Hickman, Hoard, Humphrey, Hutchius,
Irvine, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, WiHiam-KelJogg, Ken-
yon, Kihrore, Kilhnger, DeWitt 0.Leach, Lee, Longuecker,
Loomis. Lovejoy, Marion, MeKean,*McKniglit, McPlier-
son, Moorhcad, Moriiil, Motse, Xixou,OIin, Palmer, I'en-
Dinnton, Perry, Pcttit, Portci, Potter, Pottle, Rice, Chris-
topher Robinson, ltoyee, Schwartz, Sedgwick, Somes,
Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, William Stewart,
Stratum, Tappan, Thayer, Tlieakor, Tompkins, Train,
Ti imble, Yandever, Van Wvek, Verree, Wade, Waldron,
Walton, CailwaladorC. Wasliburn, Ellihu B. Washburne,
Isiael Washburn, Weils, Wmdom, and Woodruff.
For Mr Million—Messrs. (Jieen Adams, Allen,Thomas
Ti. Anderson, Ashmoie, Avery, liarksdale, Barr, Barrett,
Boeoek, Holder, Bouligny, Boyce, Branch, Bristow, Burch,
Burnett, John B. Olaik, Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane,
Coopei, Cox, James Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry,
Davidson, Reuben Davis, DeJarnette, Dimmick, Edmund-
sou, English, Florence, Fuuke, Gamett, Gartrell, Hamilton,
Hardeman, John T. Hanis, Hawkins, Hill, Ilindmail, Hol-
man, Houston, Howard, Hughes, Jackson, Jones, 'Keitt,
Kunkel, Lamar, Lanahee, James M. Leach, Leake, Logan,
Love, Maclay, Charles D. Martin, Elbert S. Martin, Mny-
natd, MeClcinand, McQueen, Meliae, Miles, Laban T.
Mooie, Sydenham Moore,Isaac N. Morns,Niblack,NoeII,
Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Piyor, Reagan, James C. Robin
son, Iluliin. liust, Scott, Sickles, Sinuns, Singleton, Wil-
liam Smith, William N. II. Smith, Stevenson, James A.
Stewart, Stout. Taylor, Thomas, Undenvood, \ allainlig-
ham Vaneo, Whitc'ley, Wmslow, Woodson, and Wright.
For Mr. Etheridgc—Messrs. William C. Anderson,Briggs,
Gilmer, Miilvvaid, E. Joy Morns, Wilson, and Wood.
For Mr. Gilmer—Messr.-,. II. Wintei Davis, Etiieridge,
Hatton, NoWon, duailes, and Stokes.
For Mr. John G. Davis—Messrs. Adrain, Horace P.
Claik, Montgomery, and Kiggs.
For Mr. Mram—Mr. John G. Davis.
For Mr. Thomas L. Anderson—Mr. Mallory.
For Mr. UK!—Mr. Webster
For Mr. McClmani—ySr. Millson.
For Mr. McQueen—Mr. Pugh, '
For Mr- Nelson—Ms. J. Morrison Harris,
For Mr. Riggs—Mr. Reynolds.
During the above vote,
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky, stated that he had
been appealed to by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mi. Soivanton] to know how Mr. Brab-
son would have voted had ho been present. He
(Mr. M.) had no authority to speak for Mr. Brab-
son, but he had understood liim to say tha,t he
would vote for a Democrat. :
Mr. ROBINSON, of Illinois, (who had v^ted
for Mr. Noei-l,) (Stated that as his party generally
appeared to be voting for Mr. Millson, he would
change his vote and vote for that gentleman.
After the result was announced, there were loud
cries of " Call the roll!" - . • •
