1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Tho language of this paper cannot be harmo-
nized with the construction sought (in violation
of a subsisting law, in full force, on the statute-
book) to be placed on the English version of the
treaty. '
This protocol contains the proposition of Spain,
accepted by the United States. That was the basis
of the treaty; and here I will remark that these by
no means were the only outstanding matters ot
arbitrament then between the United States and
Spain. Our promise to Spain is embodied in the
Spanish varsiOn. If. the two versions cannot be
harmonized, then the language of the promisor
governs. I think that is a principle of interna-
tional law that cannot be controverted. I hold
that, where two parties make a treaty, and one
makes a promise upon a condition, and that con-
dition has been complied with, if the promise can
be harmonized with the condition precedent, the
language must be taken most strongly against the
promisor. That is the common-law rule as to the
construction of deeds. Upon that subject, Vattel
fays:
" In making construction, attention ought principally to
be paid to the words of the promising party."— Vattel,
book 2, ch. 17, sec. 267. '
If the treaty had only intended to cover the in-
vasion of West Florida by General Jackson, in
1818, the language would not have embraced the
two provinces, ("las Floridas,") both East and
"West Florida. The act of 1823, " to carry into
effect the treaty," need not have given jurisdic-
tion to the " judge of the court established at St.
Augustine," for there would have been no cases
"within his jurisdiction," as the act assumes
there were.
As I have said before, it would hardly have
been probable that they would have used the word
" late"at all, if they intended only to include the
invasion of 1818. They would have used the word
"last" or "latest," because six years before was
certainly " late" as between these two contracting
parties. It was notaslate, to be sure, as one year,
but in common treaty-making parlance it was
nevertheless late, and this view is consistent with
all the treaties we have ever made.
I further contend—and I beg leave to dwell on
this particularly; because, in my judgment, the
votes of all those Senators who will not sustain
this measure will turn on this point—that the word
"late," in the American version of the treaty,
which has no place and no equivalent in the Span-
ish version, may be interpreted by the condition
of things which then existed between Spain and
ourselves. The treaty of 1795, between the Uni-
ted States and Spain, was claimed by each Gov-
ernment to have oeen violated in the disturbances
and wars growing out of the French Revolution,
before the year 1802; and in that year a conven-
tion was negotiated between these two Govern-
ments, stipulating mutual indemnities for certain
alleged injuries. This convention was ratified by
the United States, and sent to Spain for her rati-
fication; which she declined. Ill consequence of
this refusal, all those injuries, extending from the
dale of the treaty of 1795 to the date of the con-
vention of 1802, were subjects of mutual contro-
versy in the negotiations which led to the treaty
of 1819; and a careful examination will show that
in these negotiations the injuries provided for by
that unratified convention (unratified by Spain)
are distinguished from those which occurred after
the date of said convention. Thus, in a letter
from Mr. Ewing, the American Minister, to the
Spanish Secretary of State, of the 26th August,
1816, the injuries anterior to the date of the said con-
vention are denominated " ancient causes of mis-
understanding;" and those of a subsequent date,
as " recent occurrences"—as injuries "previous
to the date of said convention," and " similar in-
juries subsequent to its date." (American State
Papers, vol. 4 of Foreign Affairs, p. 434.)
Again, in a letter from the same to the same,
dated. August 17, 1817, injuries occurring since
that convention, are denominated " more recent
occurrences." (Ibid., p. 44G.)
In another letter from the same to the same,
dated August 19, 1817, claims for injuries ante-
rior and subsequent to said convention, are styled
claims "as well of ancient as of recent date."
(lbitl. volume of Slate Papers, p. 449.)
This language and this distinction are continued
down to the treaty of 1819.
At the date of the treaty of 1819, the injuries of
1812 and 1813 (all one series of acts) were less
than six years old, while those which occurred be-
tween the date of the treaty of 1795 and the con-
vention of 1802", were froni eighteen to twenty-five
years old. Those of 1812 and 1813 were, there-
fore, most properly denominated "late" and
" recent events' and operations, in contradistinc-
tion to those originating anterior to the convention
of 1802. This convention of 1802, and the inju-
ries for which it provided, are distinctly named
and settled by the game ninth article of the treaty
of 1819, by which the injuries in both the Flor-
idas (not West Florida alone, as contended) are
provided for as " recent events," " late operations
of the American army," in the English version,
(but not in the Spanish,) "late operations," but
not the latest or last; "recent" or "late," in
contradistinction to those anterior to 1802, pro-
vided for in the same article. (For the conven-
tion of 11th August, 1802, ibid, volume State Pa-
pers, p. 407. For the nineteenth article of the
treaty of 1819, ibid., p. 623.)
Mutual indemnities for all injuries in violation
of the treaty of 1795, or of the law of nations,
were fully agreed upon in .the negotiation which
terminated in the treaty of 1819, before General
Jackson entered West Florida, in 1818. I wish
to draw attention to this important fact, for it is
one of very great consequence. Tho negotiations
which contemplated the formation of a treaty to
provide for the very claims that we are now con-
sidering, were commenced before General Jack-
son commenced his spoliations in 1818, and which
altogether amounted to but $25,000. Here is an-
other common-sense view of this question which
it is impossible to get over. ' From the beginning,
the negotiation was upon tho basis of mutual in-
demnities, for all injuries, on tho part of Spain.
(See Ibid. vol. State Papers, pp. 446, 447.)
In a lotter from Mr. Onis to Mr. Adams, dated
January 24, 1818, Mr. Onis says:
" I now proceed to state the most obvious and essential
difficulties winch l ender your three pioposals for the settle-
ment oi indemnities inadmissible. 1 observe that, ill speak-
ing of them, you only mention the indemnity lor spoliations
suffered by Amencan citizens, and omit that which is
equally due to Spaniards lor spoliations committed on them
by tile citizens and authorities of tins llcpublir, 111 violation
of the law of nations and the existing treaty. I also oil-
serve that you not only omit this indispensable basis of re-
ciprocity and common justice, but piopose the immediate
cession of both the Floridas—which two Spanish piovmces
are to be letamed by the United States as an indemnity or
payment of what may appear to be due by Spam to Amer-
ican citizens, according to the arbitration of the joint com -
mission."
Mr. Onis proceeded in this letter to enforce the
injustice of this want of mutuality and of recipro-
city, which he pronounces, "offensive to the
dignityandhonorofSpain." (Ibid. vol. ofState
Papers, p. 465.) |
In a letter to Mr. Adams, dated February 10,
1818, Mr. Onis said:
" The question of indemnities can be attended with no
difficulty. The Spanish Government has always been will-
ing to give due satisfaction for the lo«sos and injuries sus-
tained by citizens of tins Republic, and committed by Span-
iards, cuntrary to the law of nations and the existing treaty;
but it cannot relinquish its claim to eompiehend, in like
manner, in the adjustment of those losses and injuues, such
as may have been committed by citizens and authorities of
this Republic on the Crown and subjects of Spain, in vio-
Jationof thesameiightandtreaty- Youi Government,sens-
ible of the justice of this demand, cannot fail to accede to
it; thus, by ratiiyin^the convention agreed on m 180*2, as 1
have already proposed to you, the question of indemnities
will be easily settled and determined."
In reply to these propositions for mutual in-
demnities, Mr. Adams, United States Secretary
of State, in a communication to Mr. Onis, dated
March 12, 1818, said:
" You express the willingness of yourOovernmrnt to re-
sume the unratified convention of 1802, and to extend its
stipulations to the cases? of complaint of a similar charac-
ter to those provided for in it, which have since that time
accrued. It is undoubtedly the intention of this Govern-
ment that its engagements should be reciprocal; and if this
was not expressly declared in my note of the lGth of Jan-
uary, it was meielv because ihe President was not aware
that any such claims of Spanish subjects tor indemnities
froift the American Government were in existence.*'
It was the predecessor of the President then m
office who acted under the secret act for the inva-
sion of East Florida:
" I am authorized to assure you that there will be no dif-
ficulty in including any such as may exist in the conven-
tion, and in making the United States answerable for all
indemnities which maybe justly due by them."—Hid. vol
State Papers, p. 485.
This letter, thus explicitly agreeing to mutual
indemnities for all injuries in violation of thelaw-
of nations and of the treaty of 179S, bears date1,
let it be remembered, on the 12th of March,
1818. ' • ■
The records of the Government show beyond al)
possible question that at that date General Jack-
son had not entered Florida. I wish- the Senate'
to recollect that fact as one which I think is con-
clusive of the entire argument made by the Sen-
ator from Delaware. When Mr. Adams, as Sec-
retary of State, told Don Onis that he designed.
t0 Prov'^e f°r these claims of 1812 and
1813, General Jackson had not then entered the
Floridas, and his operations were confined to
West Florida, and consequently that could not
have been in their minds during the negotiations.
The fact that General Jackson had not then been
ill West Florida is shown by the correspondence
between the War Department and General Jack-
son, printed in the American State Papers, Mili-
tary Affairs, vol. 1,-pp. 690, 695, 696, 697, 698,
699, 700,701, 702, 704.
At page 698, it is shown that General Jackson
had not entered Florida on the 25th of March,
1818—'thirteen days after the date of Mr. Adams's
communication to the Spanish Minister.
Mr. Onis made his first complaint to the Sec-
retary of State, against this invasion of West
Florida by General Jackson, on the 17th of June,
1818; which was about as early as the news, at
that day, could have reached the seat of Govern-
ment.
The remonstrance of Mr. Onis against the act,
bears date the 8th July, 1818. (American State
Papers, Foreign Relations, vol. 4, p. 495.)
Sir, the question whether the injuries of 1812
and 1813, in East Florida, are within the ninth
articlc of the treaty of 1819, has been fully con-
sidered and finally decided by Congress, by a de-
claratory law, (the act of 1834,) under which the
claimants have proceeded, m the manner therein
prescribed, to establish their rights. That law
is binding on the United States; and the rights of
the claimants under the judgments they have .ob-
tained, (procured at a great expense of time and
money,) are vested irrevocably in them, and are
protected by the Constitution, as well as by the
honor and good faith of the United States.
The question is no longer an open one, having
been settled by a valid constitutional law, which
is in full force on the statute-book, though not
fully executed.
1 ho final decision of this question belonged to
Congress. That body has made a decision in
favor of the claimants, by a valid law, and that
decision is as binding as an act of Congress con-
firming a contestedgrant of land; which act would
operate as a grant, and could be recalled, even
though a gratuity.
The second section of the act of 1834 clearly
and distinctly recognizes the injuries of 1812 and
1813 to be within the ninth article of the treaty,
and directs them to be adjudged and paid accord-
ingly, under the act of 1823 passed " to carry
into effect" that article; and the claimants have a
legal right to the execution of that law. There
is no question open but that of the faithful exe-
cution of that law. T o that the claimants have a con-
stitutional right. A subsequent Congress cannot
constitutionally retract or annihilate rights given
by the legislation of a previous Congress, even in
doubtful cases, which this is not. If they c®uld'
it would be most extraordinary. If they could,
contested cases and questions would never be
settled, and the whole doctrine of vested rights
under congressional legislation would perish in
endless conflicts of opinion between difierent le-
gislative bodies; and rights, in the constitutional
sense, could not exist under such legislation.
Every right thus attempted to be given would
depend upon the volition ofa subsequent Congress.
This, it is submitted, is not the basis of the rights
of the people of the United States under the le-
gislation of Congress.
The act of 1834, recognizing the injuries of 1812
and 1813 to be within the treaty, has stood upon
the statute-book for twenty-six years ! And in
all that long period, no officer of the United States
has questioned its validity, or suggested a doubt
that the treaty question was not iinallv and
forever settled by that act. Secretaries Wood-
bury, Ewing, Spencer, Bibb, Meredith, Forward,
Walker, and Corwin; and Attorneys General
Crittenden, Legare, Nelson, Johnson, and Cush-
