1230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
i«g, have all decided that the treaty question was
finally settled by that act. The district court
of the United States, the Supreme Court, and the
Court of Claims, have distinctly recognized.that
act as final, on that question! Fourteen commit-
tees of Congress, since the passage of the act of
1834, have reported the same thing.
Since Mr. Everett's report from the Committee
on Foreign Re!ations,in 1829, no committee has
reported chat the United States was not bound to
pay these claims. On-the contrary* all have re-
ported-that the Government was bound to pay
them under the treaty and law of nations; and
nearly all have reported that the claims were em-
braced by the treaty, without any reference to
the declaratory act of 1834.
The question has been carefully examined by
agreat numberof the ablest lawyers in the Union,
including Mr. Webster, Mr. Badger, the late
Judge Phelps of Vermont, Judge Groldthwaite
of Alabama, and Henry T# EUet, Esq., of Mis-
sissippi; and all have agreed in opinion, without
the expression of a doubt, that these claims are
embraced by the treaty; that the act of 1834 set-
tled that question finally; and that the damages
awarded by the judges,-under the name of inter-
est, was a just and necessary part of the satisfac-
tion stipulated by the treaty.
I will not go further into the history of these
claims, but come to the simple question, whether,
if the Senate shall conclude that these claims are
within the treatyof 1810, and must be paid, they
have been paid by paying the principal ? We all
know that the first act passed was in 18523; the
first injury done was in 1811. Say that a horse,
worth $100, was taken in 1811; and in 1823 or
1834 you paid the-$100 for it. Between man and
man, any one who would contend gravely that
that was a measure of justice, that that was an
indemnification for the damage, would hardly be
listened to; and when we come to enforce this
rule between two nations, one of whom was one
of our very first allies in achieving our independ-
ence; one for which wo have professed a very high
consideration, and towards whom we wish to act
notonlyjustly,butgcncrously,I think such a con-
struction would hardly be contended for. Why,
sir, in all our negotiations with foreign nations,
in every attempt that we have ever made to get
money from a foreign people for any spoliation
or indebtedness to us, we nave always demand-
ed interest, generally ut the rate of five per cent.
But 1 will not confine myself to that, for X believe
six percent, was on one occasion exacted. Inter-
est for the time the property was withheld, has
always been the measure* of the damage to be
.allowed. There never has been a contrary de-
cision in any Federal court of this country where
ever the question has come up. Judge Story has
repeatedly decided, that where our vessels have
i«ade a false capture, and a vessel has been adju-
dicated and sold as prize, or has rotted at our
wharves, and restoration has been due, the mere
restoration of the vessel and cargo to the claimant
was not indemnification; but the foreign owner
must be allowed interest for the time the property
was withheld from him; not interest eo nomine,
but as a measure of damages or indemnification
for the loss. Let me present to the Senate some
authorities on this point.
Rutherforth, in his chapter on "Reparation for
Damages Done," lays down the rule thus:
" In estimating the damages which any one has sustained,
when such things as he has a pei feet right to aie taken from
him. and witliholdon or intercepted, we are to consider not
oaiv the value of the thing itself, but the value, hke\vi e, of
the fruits or profits tli.it miifht have ausen from it. lie who
is the owner of a thing, is hkewiee the owner of such fruits
or profits, so that it is* as propeily a damage to be depnved
of them as to be deprived of the thing itself."—lluthci-
forth's hutitutcs, book 1, ch. 17, bee. 5.
This authority is cited by Mr. Pinckney, and
relied upon by him in his argument as one of
the commissioners under the treaty of 1794 with
Great Britain. (Vide Wheaton's Life of Pinck-
ney, pp. 201, 202.)
Reprisals are one mode of obtaining satisfaction
by nations for alleged injuries; and that satisfac-
tion, according to Yattel, and other good author-
ities on this subject, is "payment of what is due,
together with interest and damages." Yattel, in
speaking of lepusals, says:
" If a nation icfusesto pay a debt, or repan an injury, or
give adequate satisfaction for it, the latter may seize some-
thing belonging to the foimcr, and apply it to her own ad-
vantage till she obtains payment of what is due to her, to-
gether with interest and damages, or keep it as a pledge till
she has received ample satisfaction."—Vattcl, book2, ch.
18, sec. 342.
Mr. Wheaton also, in his work on interna-
tional law, lays down the same rule in regard to
reprisalsj and quotes the above sentence from
Yattel. (Wheaton's International Law, part 4,
ch. 1, sec. 3.)
Grotius also says that—
" The loss at diminution of any one's possession is not
confined to injuries done to the substance alone of the
property, but includes everything affecting the produce of
it, whether it has been gathered or not," &c.— Campbell's
Grotius, vol. 2, ch. 17, see. 4.
And again, in section five of the same chapter,
this author says:
" Damages are to be computed, too, not according to ac-
tual gain, but according to the reasonable expectation of it,
which, in case of a growing crop, may be judged of by the
abundance or scarcity of that particular season."
See also this seventeenth chapter of Grotius,
generally, on the subject of damages.
The law on this point is settled by the adjudica-
tions of the prize courts of this country and Europe.
Vide 1 Kent's Com., 68, 69, 70. Wheaton's In-
ternational Law, p. 47. And in 9 Cranch, 244,
case of the Adeline and cargo, the Supreme Court
of the United States say that the " court of prize
is emphatically a court of the law of nations, and
takes neither its rules nor its character from the
mere municipal regulations of any country."
Let us look, then, to see how the prize courts
have dealt with this question, and what have been
their decisions under it. In the case of the Ami-
able Nancy, (3 Wheaton, p. 546,) the Supreme
Court of the United Spates say, that in estimating
the damages u for property captured or destroyed,
the prime cost or value of the property lost, and
in case of injury, the diminution in value by rea-
son of the injury, with interest thereon, affords
the true rule for estimating damages in such cases.5'
So in the case of the Lively, (1 Galhson, 315,)
Judge Story says:
t£ The proper measure of damages in cases of illegal cap-
ture, &c., is the prime value and interest to the day of judg-
ment."
And in the case of the Anna Maria, (2 Wheaton,
237,) Chief Justice Marshall lays down the same
rule for ascertaining the amountof damage:
" The value of the vessel, the prune cost of the cargo,
with all charges, and the premium of insurance, when it
1ms been paid, with interest, are to be allowed."
And, again, in the case of the Appolon, (9
Wheaton, 362,) the same rule is affirmed, and the
court say:
" The just measure of damages has been deemed to be
the actual value oi the propeitv, with interest, upon the
amount l", \in the time of the trespass."
That such is also the rule of the British ad-
miralty couits when sitting as prize courts, see
the case of the Acteon, (SDodson, p. 84,) which is
alluded to in Mr. Wirt's opinion of May 17,1826.
(Vide Opinions of Attorneys General, pp. 566,
569, 570.)
Judge Bronson, in his decision in the case of
Ferrcira, collects the instances of the action of our
own Government in its intercourse with foreign
nations on this point, and he says:
" The most important and leading cases which have oc-
curred In the history of our Government are those which
arose between this country and Great Britain—the tirst
under the treaty of 1794, and the other under the first arti-
cle of the treaty of Ghent. In the latter case, the United
States, under the first aiticle of that treaty, claimed com-
pensation for slaves and other property taken away from
the country bv the British forces at thcelose of the war in
1815. Adifl'eience arose between the two Governments,
which was submitted to the arbitrament of the Emperor of
Russia, who decided 4 that the United States of America
are entitled to a just indemnification fiom Great Britain
for all private pioperty carried away by the British forces.'
A joint commission was instituted lor the purpose of decid-
ing and awarding upon the individual claims which were
thus piovided for; and one of the fiist questions that arose
between the Britbh and American commissioners, was as
to the measure of damage to be allowed: i. <?., what is a
just indemnification for property taken or destroyed, and
whether the claimants were entitled to interest as a part of
the damage? %.
" The British commissioner refused to aliowthe interest;
but the American commissioner (Langdon Cheves) insisted
upon its allowance, and in a &eucs of the most able and
unanswerable arguments demonstrated the correctness oi
his position.
"The language of Mr. Cheves, in many instances in the
course of his arguments, applies with so much force to these
cases that it is worthy of mostparticulai notice. He says:
" 'The claim is notofinterest eo nomine. It is adopted as
a mitigated rule of damages, compensation, or indemnifica-
tion, founded on the estimated pecuniary value of the arti-
cle withheld. In that case, the common law and the civil
law are both clear in allowing reparation for the lose of
the use of the thing withheld, trom the commencement of
the tortious detention. The rule of the public law is the
same.'
" Again he says: ' Indemnification means a reimburse-
ment of a loss sustained. If the property taken away on the
17th of Febiuary, 1815, were returned now, uninjured, it
would not reimburse the loss sustained by the taking away
and consequent detention—it would not be an indemnifica-
tion. The claimant would still be unindemmfied for the
loss of the u&e of his property for the ten years, which, con-
sidered as money, is nearly equivalent to the original valuo
of the principal thing. So, in substituting a pecuniary value
for the thing, unless interest is allowed for the use of the
money, the claimant will remain unindemnified.'
"Again: ' If iuterest be an incident usually attendant on
the delay of payment of debts, damages are equally an in-
cident attending oh the withholding an article of propeity;
and where they are rendered in the shape of damages, they
are usually given with a liberal and sometimes an unspar-
ing hand. It is, then, a mitigation of the usual incident
of damages for the detention of property to establish a fixed
and equitable rate of interest as the equivalent.'
"In consequence of the disagreement of the commis-
sioners, the commission was broken up, and the'arguments
and authorities submitted to the United States Government,
and the subject fully considered by it. The opinion of Mr.
Wirt, then Attorney General, was called for by the Secre-
tary of State, which opinion tully sustained the positions
taken by Mr. Cheves in all respects. (Vtde opinions of the
Attorney General, pp. 568, 569, 5/0, 571.) Mr. Wirt, after
alluding to the fact that slaves, and otherpropertyof Amer-
ican citizens, had been taken away in 1815, and withheld
from them ever since, says:
"' They have lost the use of their property eleven years;
is the meager return of the average value at the time the
slaves and other property were taken, a just indemnifica-
tion for the whole wrong? Is it consistent with the usages
of nations which Sir John Nicholl recognizes, to redress
an act of wrongful violence, by the return, at any distant
time, of the naked value of the article at the date of the
injury.'
"The Government of the United States adopted and ap-
proved these positions, as will be seen by the letter of Mr.
Clay, then Secretary of State, to Mr. Vau&han, the Biitish
Minister, under date of the 15th of April, 1826, in which
Mr. Clay says:
" 'We aie prepared to show, if it were proper now to
enter upon this discussion, that interest is a tair and just
component part of the indemnification which the conven-
tion stipulates, and that without interest it would fall far
short oi the intentions of his Imperial Majesty's decision.'
"These claims, however, were finally compromised be-
tween the two Governments, by accepting from the Biitish
Government $1,204,960, as a gross turn, in satisfaction of
the claims in question; Mr. Cheves having, as a commis-
sioner, previously reported to the Government that the
whole amount of all the claims would be about twelve
hundred and fifty thousand dollars, including principal and
interest. The interest included in his estimate was about
four hundred and sixty-four thousand dollars. It matters
not, however, I appiehend, how the claim was compro-
mised, or what sum was rcceivcd, unless the United States
yielded the point ot interest, which they did not do, but, on
the contrary, must, trom the above statement, have re-
ceived more than $418,000 expressly tor interest, as esti-
mated by Mr. Cheves.
"An earlier case, in which this principle of interest was
involved, arose underthe treaty of 1794 between the United
States and Great Britain, in which there was a stipulation
on the part of the British Government in relation to ceitam
losses and damages sustained by American meicliants and
other citizens, by reason ot the irregular or illegal capture
of their vessels and other pioperty by British cruisers, and
the seventh artielc provides, in substance, that 4 full and
complete compensation for the same will be made by the
British Government to the said claimants.'
" A joint commission was instituted under this treaty,
which sat in London, and by whom these claims were ad-
judicated. Mr. Pinckney and Mr. Gore were commission-
ers on the part of the United States, and Dr. Nicholl and
Dr. Swabey on the part of Gieat Britain ; and it is believed
that in all instances this commission allowed interest as a
part of the damage. In the ease of the Betsey, one of the
ca-jes which came befoie the board, Dr. Nicholl stated the
rule of compensation as follows:
" k To reimburse the claimants the original cost of their
property and all the expenses they have actually incuned,
together with interest on the whole amount, would, I think,
be just and adequate compensation. This, I believe, is the
measure of compensation usually made t>3' all belligerent
nations, and accepted by all neutral nations for losses,
costs,and damages,occasioned by illegal captures.'— Vide
Wheaton's Life of Pinckney, p. 198; also 265, (note,) and
p. 371,
" By a reference to the American State Papers, Foreign
Relation';, vol. 2, pp. 119,120, it will be seen, by a report
of the Secretary of State of the 16th of Febiuary, 1798,
laid before the House of Representatives, that interest was
awarded and paid on such of these claims as had been sub-
mitted to the award of Sir William Scott and Sir John
Nicholl, as it was in all cases by the board of commission-
ers. Inconsequencc of some diffeience of opinion between
the members of this commission, their proceedings were
suspended until 1802, when a convention was concluded
between the two Governments, and the commission reas-
sembled; and then a question arose as to the allowance of
interest on the claims during the suspension. This the
American commissioners claimed; and, though it was at
first resisted by the British commissioners, >et it was
finally yielded, and interest was allowed and paid. (See
Mr. King's three letters to the Secretary of State, of sJSth
March, 1803, 23d April, 1803, and, 30th April, 1803; Ameri-
can State Papers, Foreign Relations, vol. 2, pp. 387, 388.")
" Another case in which the principle was involved,
arose under the treaty of 27th October, 1795, with Spain;
by the twenty-first article of which, 'In oider to teiminate
all differences on account of the losses sustained by citizens
