210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
Mr. IHLL. Mr. Clerk, I ask the attention of
the House for a moment before I make a motion
which I design to submit. Gentlemen know as
well as you and I do, sir, that all chances of or-
ganizing this House under present circumstances
are" gone. "It must be dbvious to all that we can
effect nothing by proceeding immediately to an-
other ballot. It is evident that there must be
certain combinations of distracting elements in
this House before an organization can bo effected.
Why, then, con%ime time unnecessarily in re-
peating what we'liave just done ? Has there been
any agreement between high contracting parties,
sueh as the Democratic party and the American
party, and, perchance, the anti-Lecompton Dem-
ocrats, to organize this House? If so, I do not
understand it; nor have I heard the terms that
have been agreed upon. Is there any agreement
between any gentlemen here and the Republican
party, as to the basis upon which a Republican
Speaker shall be elected? If so, I am ignorant
of it. Why, then, repeat what wo have just gone
through? ".If this House is to be organized, most
assuredly it is to be done after a very distinct,
candid, and open understanding between parties—
there is no use in disguising it—as to where the
patronage attached to the offices of the House is
to go; how it is to be parceled out; who is to(ie-
ceivc this and that, and where the contracting
parties will be bound in honor to abide by what
is agreed upon. You might ballot here for a week
or a month under existing circumstances, and you
would not make a-Speaker.
There must be some union of these conflicting
elements, in some way. So far as I know, there
has been no approximation to anything of this
sort; and I see no practical use in continuing this
mode of trying to effect an organization, if we
are to go on bo, we might as well adjourn until the
1st of January, and let gentlemen go home if they
please. They might come back with some now
light from the country. Let us take the chance
of such results as may occur during the Christmas
holidays. You cannot tell. Strange things hap-
pen sometimes; and, in this instance, they might
facilitate the organization ofthcHouse. Butnow,
to repeat merely the vote which has just been
taken, to compliment my friend from Virginia or
some other gentleman, 111 the shape of a vote of
the House, I regard as of very little moment or
consequence. I am not among those who hold
that it is our duty to stay hero and perform this
roll duty in order to be able to say to the country
that we have tried and tried in vain to make a
Speaker, when we know before we proceed with
the second ballot that the result will be no other
than that of the first. I therefore propose that
the House now adjourn.
[Cries all over the House of "No!" "No!"
"Vote again!"]
Mr. HILL. What do you want to vote for >
There can no possible result follow another vote.
I insist on my motion to ndiourn.
Voices all round the Hall. Let us take one
vote more.
Mr. WINSLOW. I thought it would perhaps
be better to take one vote more, and if we could
not effect an election by that, a few days to con-
sult our constituents might have a beneficial re-
sult.. I intended to offer a resolution to that effect.
The resolution I intended to offer is the fol-
lowing:
" That from and after to day , for to-morrow, if gcntlemon
choose,} no further vote frn Speaker be taken until the 5th
day of January."
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the gent^man from
Georgia to withdraw his motion for a moment, to
enable me to make one or two remarks.
Mr. HILL. I will withdraw the motion and
yield to the gentleman; still, however, retaining
the floor.
Mr. BURNETT. Mr. Clerk, I have, with other
gentlemen, watched thoballotings for Speaker with
much interest. I stand here ready to unite with
any party upon this floor to organize the House
upon a conservative man for Speaker. As a matter
of course, I prefer a Democrat; but I am opposed
to the organization of the House by the election
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr, Sherman.] I
have not a \vord to say against that gentleman
personally. So far as his conduct has come within
my observation since my service in the House,
I must confess that it has been gentlemanly and
courteous; but I am opposed to putting any gen-
tleman in that chair holding the sentiments which
that gentleman entertains.
1 was struck with the remarks of my friend
from- Georgia, [Mr. Hill.] I must say that I
concurred in much that he has said in reference
to the organization of the House. All must admit
—ccrtainly it is demonstrable to my mind clearly
that there is no chance of electing a Democrat as
Speaker of this House. Gentlemen of the Oppo-
sition, numbering but twenty-three, require at our
hands that we shall come over to them. They
claim that eighty-odd shall move to twenty-three
to effect an election. I find that the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Etheribge,] who claims
to be patriotic and conservative in his views, and
who announced with such apparent fairness that
he would not vote for a Democrat, is the same
gentleman who four years ago offered a resolu-
tion to elect a Democrat as Speaker of the House;
nay, sir, the very gentleman proposed by one of
his own party friends to-day, and whom he has
now failed to support. Why is it that the gen-
tleman cannot do as he did four years ago ? Has
he discovered any changes in the character of that
gentleman [Mr. Millson] either personally or
politically r Has he changed in any way ? Is he
not the same man to-day that he was then when
the gentleman proposed to make him Speaker ? I
pause for a reply.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I will give you one now.
Mr. BURNETT. How long will you take1
propose only to occupy the floor for a few minutes.
Mr. GROW. Is this debate in order upon the
motion to adjourn >
The CLERK. The Clerk understands that the
gentleman from Georgia withdrew the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. My friend from Kentucky
asks me if the honorable gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Millson] is not the same gentleman to-day
that he was four years ago. Personally he is, I
have no doubt; but t will suy to the gentleman
from Kentucky, that four years ago, when I put
th'at gentleman in nomination, not a single Dem-
ocrat in the House of Representatives would vote
for hnn.
Mr. WINSLOW. I beg leave to say to the
gentleman that General Millson, at that time, ex-
pressly refused to be put in nomination.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I put him in nomination,
and that gentleman withdrew Ins name, a3 I am
assured, at the earnest request of his friends who
gathered around him. I placed him in nomination
then upon the distinct ground that he had stood
upon the'floor of this House and resisted a measure
that was the beginning of the scenes that are being
enacted to-day—a measure that inflamed the worst
passions of the people of this country. I allude
to his vote against the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise. But that gentleman is not the samepo-
liticallif to-day that he was then. Since that day,
times have changed. Since that time the gentle-
man from Virginia has appeared upon this floor
and insisted, by his vote, if not by his arguments,
upon forcing into the Union a State with a consti-
tution, when the Governor, the Legislature, and
the people, wore before Congress protestingagainst
the despotism which the Executive was then at-
tempting to force upon them. Sir, I have said
that, if I were compelled, under these circum-
stances, to vote for a Democrat, it would be a
bitter draught, and as a last resort; and I repeat,
that F never will so vote except as a last, contin-
gency or resort. What that contingency is, T have
not stated. I sav this is among the last things 1
will be anxious to do; because, elected, as I was,
arraigning this Administration, among other
things, for tins act of despotism, which alone has
given seats to twenty-five Republican members
upon this floor, I would not thus stultify myself.
Is that the gentleman I nominated for Speaker
in 1855 ? Sir, he is not now the same he was then.
Ho is, no doubt, an honest man. Socially and
intellectually he would grace that station; but, I
repeat, that when I vote for Mr. Mtu.snv, it will
be the very last resort. When I do it, I will do
it protesting to the last. I will give every gentle-
man the benefit of repentance.
The loctis pesnitentim is allowed in almost every-
thing, but I regard any gentleman who has voted
for the admission of Kansas under the Lecompton
constitution, and who still stands up and justifies
it, as having no claim upon me for my support
for Speaker.
Mr. BURNETT. I have heard the gentleman's
explanation; he tells you that not a Democrat
would vote for General Milison. If the gentle-
man's recollection is not bad, he will remember
that, four years ago, Mr. Millson peremptorily
refused to be a candidate. Now, here is the dif-
ference between the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Etheridge] and myself. He represents a
pro-slavery constituency. His district and mine
lie side by side. I was the advocate of the KaijM.
sas-Nebraska bill. I believed that the repeal aw
the Missouri restriction was right; that the re-
striction was unconstitutional; and, believing that,
if I had been here then, I should have voted for
itsrepeal. ThegentlemanfromTennessee thought
differently, and so did Mr. Millson. But while
I did not indorse the conduct of Mr. Millson, in
his vote upon the Kansas-Nebraska bill, yet, as
a southern man, claiming to be national and con-
servative, I see in him the representative now of
the sentiments I hold; I see in him a man who,
when he goes into that chair, has not urged upon
any one to apply the incendiary torch to our
dwellings; a man who has not signed a circular,
recommending a book which enforces upon its
pages fire, murder, and bloodshed, to accomplish
the abolition of slavery, and which appeals to the
negroes of the South to rise against their masters.
Now, sir, as a man looking to what I regard the
great interests of my country, I stand up here to
say that I vote for Mr. Millson, notwithstanding
I did not approve of his vote against the Kansas-
Nebraska bill. The gentleman refuses to vote
for Mr. Millson because he voted for the admis-
sion of a slave State. That is the difference be-
tween the gentleman from Tennessee and myself.
I understood the gentleman to tell the House
this morning that there was not a Democrat here
who could receive ninety-three votes; and the onl y
inference which could be drawn by gentlemen was
that, if we could bring forward such a man, the
gentleman from Tennessee would vote for him.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. One word.
Mr. BURNETT. No, sir; notnow. And yet,
when we present a man who lias received ninety-
six votes, a larger number of votes than any man
has received who has been voted for by the na-
tional and conservative elements of this House, I
find the gentleman doing indirectly that which I
thought he would not do—voting for the distin-
guished gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Gilmer,] who has withdrawn his name—and, by
doing so, to that, extent preventing an organiza-
tion upon a conservative basis.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I know the distinguished
gentleman from Kentucky too well to suppose that
he would willfully put me in the wrong, or impute
to me words or positions which I have not spoken
or taken. I said this morning that you could not
get ninety-three Democratic votes for your candi-
date. That was the character of the remark which
I made last week, when I had a colloquy with the
gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. McRae.] I
repeat now what I said this morning, that I knew
the fact to be that his own party friends—unless
members stated to me, upon their honor, untruths,
and made declarations which they would not ad-
here to—could not poll a full Democratic vote for
Mr. Mill son; and the ninety-six votes he has now
rccuive.d are made up of more than half of the
southern Opposition.
Mr. BURNETT. And yet the gentleman this
morning, with his usual fairness, with his extraor-
dinary love of southern rights, and his ardent
desire to organize this House upon a conservative
basis, invites me to join his party. Sir, while we
did not in the last vote show a Democratic strength
of ninety-three votes, we did exhibit a front of
ninety-six national and conservative men, who
have rallied around the standard of Mr. Millson.
The gentleman endeavored this morning to make
some capital out of the fact that when thirty-six
members voted for Mr. Gilmer, of North Caro-
lina, for Speaker, the Democrats did not then add
their strength to his vote and elect lum to that
office. How could they have done so, even had
they desired ? Did not Mr. Gilmer, the moment
he had acquired that strength, withdraw his name,
and thus put it out of the power of the Democrats
to take part in a feast to which the gentleman from
Tennessee says we weie invited, even had we
wished to accept the invitation?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to say a word here ?
