1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. BURNETT. Certainly; I do not want to
do the gentleman any injustice.
Mr. ETHEIUDGE. The gentleman says I
invited him this morning to come over to the gen-
tlcman from North Carolina. There he misrep-
resents me; I gave him no such invitation. I say
this to the gentleman, and he knows it, that if
every southern Opposition vote had been cast on
the last ballot for the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Millson,] he would have failed of an elec-
tion. He knew it when he rose and spoke, and
ho. knows itnow;and I submit to that gentleman,
why is it he seeks to place me in this position,
when he knows that if every southern Opposition
man had voted for General Millson, lie would
have failed of an election, merely because the party
screw and the party lash could not bring m the
members of your own party?
Mr. BURNETT. The reason why I appealed
to the gentleman was this: that I wanted the people
of the South to understand and to know who are
their friends. I want to put in another remark
right here, and then 1 will yield to the gentleman.
I understand very well that the united southern
vote would not elect General Millson; but what
would be the effect of such a vote upon the coun-
try ! What a moral force and power would it not
carry to the people of this country ! Why, sir,
an impression would be made upon its conserva-
tive elements, both North and South, which would
be invaluable in its effect. The South would be
seen standing here a unit, acting in concert with
a band of patriotic northern men, voting for a
national and conservative man for the third highest
position under the Government. The moral power
of such a spectacle would do more to make the
indorsers ol the Helper book tremble and fear the
storm they have raised than all else that could be
done. This is why I made the appeal, and why
I wanted to see a united South.
Mr. ETHERlDGE. I will tell the gentleman
why 1 do not want to see a united South. The
best of all reasons is, that a united South would
have defeated the very object the gentleman says
he has in view. Again: 1 regret ever to see the
day when appeals are to be made to sections for
united action m regard to the organization of this
House. I have forborne to mingle in anyway in
the discussion of the difficult questions which are
the foundation of all our difficulties in organizing
this House. 1 had determined not to mingle m
this debate at all, and 1 have never taken the floor
except when questions have been submitted to
me which X thought it my duty to answer.
I have said this, and I repeat it, that a united
South would have defeated the very object the gen-
tleman had m view, and I say, furthermore, that
when the South is to be implored to unite as a sec-
tion, that counter arguments of a similar kind will
be addressed to the North. I am here to-day, not
the representative of the North, South, East or
West, but simply as an American citizen—a citi-
zen of the whole country, to ignore all political or
geographical lines which areattempted to be drawn
between the people, arraying them on the one side
or the other. I will never stand upon this floor
a sectional man. I have heretofore thrown my-
self into the breach; I have attempted to stay the,
fanaticism of the North and the South; I shall con-
tinue to struggle to do so.
That gentleman ought to know another thing.
Here are members of your own party, claiming to
be Democrats, and the contest has been going on
for weeks upon this floor to determine who •con-
stitute the Democratic party proper. Well, sir,
here you are arraigning us, men whom you have
fought with, a torch in one hand and a sword in
the other; men who came here in defiance of the
strong arm of the executive power, and in despite
of a party winch I know brought its patronage to
bear in my district in opposition to the freedom of
the elective franchise. I told them then that I
scorned their malice and defied their power. They
stigmatized me 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 must protest against the
gentleman's interpolating a speech in reply to
what I said when I yielded him the floor.
Mr. ETHER1DGE. Then, I say, in conclu-
sion, that I was sent here, through a cloud of ma-
lignity heaped upon me, from a district which to-
day has more slaveholders in it- than any district
this side of the Mississippi river—a Democratic
district, too; sent hereafter a full discussion of
all these questions. I am responsible to my con-
stituents and to my country for my acts; but I
will never consent to sit in my seat and suffer my
motives to be even indirectly censured, as they
were by the honorable gentleman from Kentucky,
unless i am heard to protest against it.
I have said, and I repeat, that unless you can
get your own party, your own friends, those who
elevated Mr. Buchanan to power, to vote for your
candidate, it is out of place to arraign me or my
friends for not voting for him when your own
friends refuse to do so, in defiance of party dis-
cipline and party power. I repeat that I will do
no such thing. [Applause in the galleries.]
-.Mr. BURNETT. I arraign no gentleman on
this floor. I have no right to do so. But when
gentlemen occupy a public position in the coun-
try, their conduct is a fair and legitimate subject
of criticism and animadversion.
The gentleman says that he was feent: here by a
Democratic district. I say to him, and 1 hope he
will no t take it as an offense,' 'God save the mark.''
If the Democracy sent him here, they certainly
made a wide mistake. The gentleman says, un-
less in a certain contingency, he will never vote
for a Democrat. Sir, that contingency will never
arise. No, sir; the gentleman never intends to
vote for a Democrat. Why did 1 call the gentle-
man in question here ? My remarks were not sin-
gular to him. I knew that, while there were na-
tional and conservative men in the Opposition
party, who were willing to sacrifice, for the good of
their country, their personal feelings, and to offer
them up on the altar of the Constitution, by voting
for General Millson, there w^a yet an element in
that party which would never do so. I saw that,
while Kentucky lias been noted not only for her
conservatism, but for her Union-loving spirit and
devotion to the Constitution—Kentucky, beneath
whose soil sleeps the immortal Clay—that though
her Representatives here have heretofore shown
their allegiance to the Union and the Constitution
by their votes and their conduct on this floor, that
upon the last vote to-day there has been a diver-
sion, not in favor of the Republicans, nor wholly
against the Democrats, but against a vote, of
ninety-six Union-loving men for a true friend of
the Constitution and the Union. I woi '.d like to
know, in this connection, from my distinguished
colleague from the fourth district of Kentucky,
how it happens that he, representing a district that
is known to be national, conservative, and Union-
loving, cannot sacrifice his views as a member of
the American party, like other of its "members
have done, to the election of a Democrat 111 the
person of General Millson? I put the question
respectfully, and I would like to have an answer
from my colleague. I want to know how it is
that he is opposed to making a small sacrifice, to
elect my distinguished friend, a Democrat, against
the gentleman'who indorsed the Helper book?
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I have never
voted for the gentleman who indorsed the Helper
book.
Mr. BURNETT. I understand that.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I have voted
persistently for an American, and 1 intend to do
it to the end of this contest. [Applause from the
galleries.] 1 represent, as you say, the fourth
congressional district of Kentucky.
Mr. BURNETT. For the present.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. Yes, and I
hope for the balance of this Congress. My seat
is contested, but that is brought about by the Dem-
ocratic party, with a view, as I understand it, of
giving the State of Kentucky to the Democrats
next year. Whether I am successful or not, it
matters not to me. I care not for political honors.
I am perfectly willing, this day, to resign my seat
and give it up to any gentleman, and especially,
if I had to give it to a Democrat, to the honorable
gentleman who contests it.
I have been born a Whig, raised a Whig, edu-
cated a Whig, and, unlike my distinguished col-
league, I do not shed any crocodile, tears over
the grave of Henry Clay. If, to-day, Henry
Clay were to rise from his grave, he would say
to those who are now in power in this country,
fi Avaunt, ye foul spirits." Why do 1 not vote
for General Mills ox ? In the first place, I do not
vote for him because he is a Democrat, [laugh-
ter,] just as I do not vote for the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] because he is a Republi-
can. 1 am not a Republican, nor a Democrat; I
am a Whig; I am an American. 1" am opposed
to the corruptions, the frauds, and villainies -
James Buchanan. [Applause from the Repub-
lican benches and galleries.] •
Mr. GROW. 1 desire to call the attention :of
the Clerk to the order passed the other da/.'. I-
think we should observe order both on the floor
and in the galleries. _ , , , 
Several Members. Oh, never mind; go on. *
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I have, up
to the present, maintained perfect sileace on,this'
floor. I had not intended, nor do I intend,5 to'
occupy the attention of the House by remarks on
the subjectof organization. I desire, at the proper
time and place, to make my views known oil the
subjectof politics, with a view that the. .House
may understand where I stand on this question.
I did not vote for Mr. Millson for the reason
already stated. Let me give you another reason.
I do not. know General Millson. I do not know
that I have ever seen him. But I stated in the
canvass last fall, and two years ago when I wa 
defeated by a small majority, that I was in favor (
of the Kansas-Nebraslta bill; and I cannot vote
for General Millson, bccause he voted against
theKansas-Nebraskabill. [Loudlaughter.] Now
are you satisfied with my answer or not?
Mr. BURNETT. Are you through, sir?
Mr. ANDERSON. If you are satisfied,I am.
Mr. BURNETT. I am satisfied with the an-
swer. Let mo see if I understand my colleague.
You say you cannot vote for General Millson,
because he voted against the Kansas-Nebraska
bill?
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. That is one
reason.
Mr. BURNETT. And yet my colleague could
vote for Emerson Etheiucge, who did the same
thing. [Laughter.] The gentleman will go to
Kentucky and tell his people hi; is a pro-slavery
man. He says: " I cannot vote for General Mill-
son." Oh no, my conscience is too tender. He
" reveres and respects the memory of Henry Clay
, too much." And yet he votes for the gentleman
| from Tennessee, [Mr. Etheiudge,] who stood
side by side with John S. Millson in that fight, and
voted against the Kansas-Nebraska bill, and who
now announces that he cannot support General
Millson because he voted for the admission of
Kansas under the Lecompton constitution, which
would have made it a slave State. How do you
like that record, sir? (to Mr. Anderson.)
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. Yery well;
let us balance the books. [Laughter.]
Mr. BURNETT. I am not through with your
answer yet. My colleague says he sheds no croc-
odile teais over Henry Clay. Sir, I am a native .
Kentuckian. I revere and respect the memory * '
of Henry Clay as much as any man on this floor.
I never agreed with him in politics—never. Bift
I did venerate him for his patriotism, his states-
manship, and his devotion to the Constitution
and union of the country. I do venerate and re-
spect his memory, and I can say here to-day, with
the proud consciousness of a man, and as a Ken-
tuckian, that I would have nopartor lotin tearing
down that flag under which Henry Clay fought
for years, and on which was inscribed his great
American policy, before the Whig party degen-
erated into the miserable Know Nothing concern.
[Applause and hisses.]
Now, sir, 1 have no part nor lot in it; and I will
tell you. sir, when you appeal to Henry Clay 
what Mr. Clay said, and what he would say if
his spirit could rise from the grave where he now
sleeps. On the 10th of November, 1851, Mr.
Clay said, and I believe they were his last words
to Kentuckians:
"But it' that Whig party is to bo merged Into a con ■
temptible abolition party, and if abolitionism*is to be in-
gratted on Itle Whig creed, from that moment 1 renounce
the party and cease to he a Whig. I go yet a stop further.
It'I am alive, t will give my humble suppoit to that mail
for the Presidency who, to whatever p.irtv he may belong,
is not contaminated by fanaticism, rather than to one who,
crying out all the tune that he j - a Whig, maintains doc-
trines utteiiy subversive oftheOonstitutiouandthe Union."
Now, sir, with what propriety can you appeal
to him. What is the difference between you arid
' myself to-day > What is the spectacle presented
' in this House? Here is a gentleman who is truly
a representative man of the Republican party, [Mr.
Sherman.] He has indorsed a book which you
and I and our constituents utterly condemn. Not
only that, but he is the Representative of the doc-
trines announced and intended to be carried out
