3120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the-amendment of the Senator from Maine
to the amendment offered by the Senator from
South Carolina.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I want to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from New Hampshire, who
stated very positively there was no evidence what-
ever that thefre had been any survey of a railroad
here in relation to this matter 
- Mi*. CLARK. I did-not say any evidence
whatever. I said any evidence on which we could
act.
Mr. FESSENDEN. "Well, sir, here is the
report by Mr. James B. Cooke, civil engineer, on
the 46th page. I will read from it:
"There are, in my opinion, ample engineering facilities
for the construction of the road: two thirds of the road re-
quite liule or no heavy work : the othei thiid, passingover
the Cordilleras, requires in several places cutting and em-
banking, in order to render it level."
Mr. CLARK. The Senator will permit me to
say that, if his amendment is restored, as he now
proposes to restore it, it removes that objection;
because a large portion of the money cannot be
paid until a railroad is built.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the reason I re-
store it.
Mr. CLARK. I feel very much inclined to
vote for it on that ground, if a railroad can be
made between these two harbors.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 will continue this read-
ing:
"Twenty-seven miles from rhe Pacific to Caldcra, the
plains are gradually elevated, the grades not exceeding m
any plaee the rate of one in sixty-three foot."
The Senator is familiar enough with railroads
to know that that is not a very steep grade:
" At Caldera the parses are entered, and the load Mvoeps
round the mountain spuis, or over theirslightiuululatiotM,
at grades varying m ascent or descent, at hom one in thir-
ty-live to one m fifty feet, for a distance of twenty-lour
miles; thence onward to the lagoon, at giadcs of from one
in f*fty feet to one in sixty-five feet. It must be borne in
milul that these are all n&iural giades."
And of course may be improved very much by
cutting—
u Excavating and einbaoldngwould reducc them rtva icg-
ular line of ascending grade to the dividing pass of the Cor-
dilleras, and from thence, in a descending grade, to the la-
goon, neither of which guides would exceed twenty feet to
the. mile-, but as these grades now exist, they are not ver>
unfavorable to a railroad, but more favorable to a macad-
amized road than  f reduced to one gradient lino of ascent
ami descent."
And he goes on to say in the end, that he first
recommended a macadamized road for the Pan-
ama line.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator will permit me,
I do not understand that that is a survey such as
1 alluded to. It is a bird's-eye view of the conn-
U for. FESSENDEN. It is what may be called,
in making railroads, a preliminary survey.
Mr. CLARK. A reconnoissance.
Mr, FESSENDEN. And that ascertains the
capacity—whether a robd can be built. It is not
the scientific survey that is made before you con-
struct the road. There is a difference between
those two surveys, which the gentleman well
knows.
Mr. CLARK. Nor is it the preliminary sur-
vey.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, yes.
Mr. CLARK. It is a reconnoissance.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A preliminary survey,
as I understand it; that shows the practicability
of the thing. The amendment, with the words
thnt I have now restored, provides that a con-
siderable portion of the money is not to be paid
until the road is built.
With regard to the road, I think it of very con-
siderable importance, with my friend from New
Hampshire; but even if it were not made, 1 should
be m favor of this bill, because we should get
more than the worth of our money on this side;
and he will allow me to say, that the amendment,
as now guarded, provides fully against all the
difficulties that have been suggested. If they do
not exist; if the coal cannot be found; if the har-
bor cannot be had; if the power cannot be ob-
tained to enjoy all these privileges; if this com-
pany have no power to grant^them, then our
officers are not authorized to pay the money. That
is the provision as now made, I would not my-
self have voted for the proposition as it was first
before the Senate. I think we should be sure to
get the value of our money.
1 merely rose to state these things, in reply to |
the Senator. If we do not get the railroad, we do i
not pay a considerable portion of the money; and j
we certainly pay nothing unless we get the other |
advantages vastly more than sufficient, in my
judgment, in the present state of things, to render
'it advisable to secure this contract at once.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The amendment offered
by my honorable friend from Maine has removed
some of the objections to the form of the original
proposition. 'The Senator from South Carolina
reminds the Senator from New York, the Senator
from New Hampshire, and myself, of what is
now transpiring, and says that he shall treasure
it in his recollection to be used on some future
occasion, intimating, perhaps, that the time may
come when, from this side of the Chamber, some
similar proposition may be brought forward to
open these routes of communication across the
isthmus. Perhaps coming events do ca'st their
shadows before; and if, in view of those coming
events, we may begin to feel a little of the respons-
ibilities of, the administration of certain affairs of
the Government, I hope the Senator will pardon
us for at least pausing to see what kind of a con-
tract we are making with this company. Now,
the considerations expressed in this contract for
which we are to give $300,000 are: first, the right
of way, or a transit, free of tolls, for the Govern-
ment of the United States, its officers, agents, sea-
men, landsmen, mails, munitions, stores, troops,
or any direct piopeity of the United States—that
is the first consideration; the second is, that the
Government of the United States may purchase
five thousand acres of land; and the third, that
the United States shall have the right to use these
harbors; which rights are assumed to be conveyed
by Thompson and this Chiriqui company to the
Government of the United States; and, fourth,
the United States shall have the right to mine coal,
at their own expense, upon these lands of this
Chiriqui Improvement Company.
Now, Mr. President, I undeitake to say that
the first, the second, and the third of those con-
siderations, are not worth one single cent: first,
because the Chiriqui Government, in making this
grant to Mr. Thompson, expressly provided that,
' though he luay transfer his right of property to
individuals, ho shall not transfer them to any for-
eign Government. What is your grant good for?
All those considerations necessarily fail. Besides,
all this right to the navigable waters of New Gra-
nada, we cannot acquiie by co'ntraet with an in-
divid ual.
Hut, it is said, if we do not acquire these lights,
England will acquire them, and exclude us from
them. S:r, England cannot do it. She is under
treaty obligations not to acquire any such exclu-
sive rights across any one of the isthmus routes;
and we are under precisely the same obligations
with her. When she acquires any isthmusroute,
she acquires it not only for her, but for us and
the whole civilized world. So it is with us, sir;
if we acquiie any such rights across the isthmus,
wc acquire them not for ourselves alone, but as
the highway for all mankind, for the whole com-
mercial world, and we are under treaty obliga-
tions with Great Britain to do so, and to unite
with her in asking all other commercial nations
to join with us in guarantying the neutrality of
every isthmus route to the commerce of the whole
world.
But another consideration is this right to mine
coal. Now,if the right to mine thiscoal is worth
the money that is proposed to be given for it, if
the coal actually exists there, in large quantities
and of fine quality, that is another consideration.
That addresses itself to the judgment of the Sen-
ate; and as I said,the amendment of the Senator
from Maine has, to a very considerable extent,
removed my objection to the proposition as it
stood before the Senate; and yet it seems to me
that the evidence of the existence of this coal there
is so slight, so uncertain, that it does not impel
me to vote for the payment of this sum of $300,000
just for the privilege of mining coal thereunder
this Chiriqui company. But, sir, I do not intend
to detain the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Maine to the amendment offered by the Senator
from South Carolina.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the amendment as amended.
Mr. JOHNSGN,^of Tennessee. Let us have
the yeas and nays on it.
The yeas and nays were Ordered.
Mr. HALE. Let the amendment, as amended,
be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
And be it further enaUed, That the sum of $300,000 be,
and the same is hp.re.by, appropriated, to enable the Presi-
dent to carry into effect a-conditional contract, made on
the, 521st day ol May, 1859, between Isaac Toucey, the Sec-
retary of the Navy of the United States, and Ambrose W.
Thompson and the Chiriqui Improvement Company, for
securing coal for the use of the United Stales Navy, and
■ certain other puvileges named in said contract, on the
Chiriqui lagoon and the haibor of Golfito,m the Republic
of New Granada.
And be it further enacted, That no ponion of the sum
hereby appiopriated shall be paid over to said Thompson,
his agent or agents, or any agent of said company, until the
Piesident of the United States shall he satisfied of the full
and perfect title of the said Thompson and the said Chi-
uqui Impiovumont Company to all the rights and privileges
which they propose to lease and guaranty to the use of the
United States, and of the right so to lease the same, nor
until the Government of the United States is satisfied that
the coal at the Chiriqui lagoon is suitable for naval pur-
poses, and exists there in sufficient quantity to alioid an
ample supply, agreeably to said contract.
And be it fio thcr enacted, That .>$100,000 of the sum here-
by appropriated shall be paid to the said Thompson or the
said (Jhiuqui company within ten days after the President
shall have become satisfied in regatd to the quantity and
quality of the said eoal at said lagoon and the validity of
the titles of said Thompson or said company thereto, and
after die lands* contemplated in said contiaet have been se-
lected by the United States and their use gtanted lor the
benefit of the same by said Thompson or wild company;
$100,000 mure aftei the said Thompson or the said compa-
ny, their agents or successors, have expended, bona Jide,
$'90,000 in opening and improving said mines ; and thy re-
mainder of the suin herein appropriated aftei the mine or
mines atloidmg tin* most suitable coal for naval puiposes
of the United State*, shall bo in full operation, and in such
manner a*? to sirpply all the coal requited by the Navy De-
partment at that point, and also at the harbor of Golfito, oa
the Pacific, after the constiuction of a raihoad across the
Isthmus ol Clutiqul.
And be it further enacted, That the United States shall
acquire no right of sovereignty over any teintory in New
Gianada, nor any right to transport tioops oi munitions of
war ovn such teuitory, under or by vniue of tlw* contiaet
named in this act, unless thc->ame he voluntarily wn&ented
to by the Republic of New Granada.
Mr. SEWARD. I observe one condition there
set forth in these words: that the act shall not
take effect " until the Government of the United
States shall be satisfied" of something. It may be
very doubtful what is meant by 11 the Government
of the United States," or who constitutes it. I
suggest the word " Government" ought to be
stnckcn out, and " President" inserted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Chesnut
in the chair.) By unanimous consent, the modi-
fication will be made. The question is on the
adoption of the amendment, as amended.
Mr. TRUMBULL called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have paired off on this
question with the honorable Senator from Indiana
who is absent, [Mr. Fitcii.]
Mr. FOSTER. I have paired off with the hon-
orable Senatorfrom Pcnnsylvania^[Mr. Bigleu,]
who would vote for the amendment if he was here,
and 1 against it.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Grimes] lias paired off with myself. He would
vote against the amendment, and I for it.
Th^queslion being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 23, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Mcssis. Biown, Cameron, Chandler, Chesnut,
Crittenden. Fessenden, Foot.Giecn, Gwin, Hamlin,Ham-
mond, Hemphill,Ilunter, Ivorson, Kennedy, Latham, Mal-
lory, Rice, Sebastian, Seward, Wade, Wigfail, and Wil-
son—
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham,Bragg, Clark, Davi«, Doolittle,
Fitzpatrick, Hale, Hailan, Johnson of Tennessee, King,
Nicholson, Pearce, Pugh, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wilkin-
son, and Yulee—17.
So the amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. FOSTER. I offer the following amend-
ment:
And 6c it further enacted, That to enable the Secretary
of the Treasuiy to pay such sums as may he tound due to
the judges of the district courts of the United States for the
State of California, on a settlement of then accounts for ex-
tra compensation and salanes, undcV the piovisiou-* of the
seventh section of the act entitled k-An act to define and
reuulate the jurisdiction of the distilct oouits of the Uni-
ted States in California in legard to the survey and loca-
tion of confirmed private land claims,5' approved June 14,
1860, the sum of $522,000, oi «-o much theigofas may he ne-
cessary to make the payments aforesaid, is hereby appro-
priated.
Mr. HUNTER. Is that in pursuance of any
estimate.'
