THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
by? the" ^Republican: -party,- should they obtain
p^wer^andlhe control of this Government. They
profess that they will not interfere with the insti-
tution ?of slavery in the States; but they intend by
legislative enactment—and, if I am mistaken, I
hope some gentleman will rise and correct me—
to confine slavery to its present limits; they in-
tend to exclude the people of the South, or their
peculiar institution, slavery, from the common
territory of the country; they have nullified the
fugitive slave law; and, not only that, but they
intend that not another slave State shall ever be
admitted into the 'Union. And yet you, one of
the' Representatives of the people of Kentucky,
the Representative of a slavenolamg constituency
—of those who stand by the Constitution as it is—
announce in your place here, to-day, that under
no circumstances will you vote for a Democrat
against the candidate of such a party.
Sir, the people of our section are holding their
breath, disguise it as we may. Every word ut-
tered and every action here is critically weighed
by them and will have to be accounted for to them.
I am no disunionist. 1 make no speeches pledg-
ing my people as to what they will do, because I
do not know. I never say what my people intend
to do, but-1 am with Kentucky, let -her position
be-what it may; and 1'tell you that there is not a
single southern State whose citizens will stand
the inauguration or adoption of any such policy
as that proposed by the Black Republican party—
never!
Now, sir, my colleague will permit me to dis-
turb his pure mind for a moment, by way of re-
freshing his memory. He cannot vote for Gen-
eral Millson, because General Millson voted
.against the repeal of the Missouri compromise,
and yet my distinguished colleague was one of
Millard Fillmore's electors in the State of Ken-
tucky, .who was opposed to the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise. And my colleague, upon every
stump in lus district, called upon the firemen of
Kentucky to rally around the standard of Millard
Fillmore who, like General Millson, but for dif-
ferent and objectionable reasons, opposed its
repeal. Now," sir, one more remark and i have
done.
Mr. GILMER. The gentleman alluded to me.
Will he allow me to say a word?
Mr. BURNETT. jSfo, sir, not now.
Mr. HILL. I think 1 have been very indulgent
to the gontlemanfrom Kentucky and have proved,
what all gfcntlcmen know, that I am a good-tem-
pered man.
Mr. BURNETT. I have not yet yielded the
floor.
Mr. HILL. The gentleman had the floor only
by my suOerance, and J must. w\y that the debate
Has taken a range which I had no nppiehcwsion
of, or I would not haw yielded (he floor.
Mr. BURNETT. I will not trouble the House
much longer. I want to ask my distinguished
colleague one question respectfully. My inform-
ation may be wrong, but 1 have been informed,
and have, seen it stated in the papers, (hat my col-
league made a pledge to his people, on the stump,
that when his vote was needed, between a Demo-
crat and a Republican, he would give it to the
Democrat? Is that true?
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I answer,
yes. I B id that.
Mr. BURNETT. And yet only five minutes
ago, you said that you would never vote for a
Democrat.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I never said
so.
Mr. BURNETT. I stand corrected, then.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. Let me cor-
rect you right here. I have not stated that 1
woulcl never vote for a Democrat. I luive my
reasons for not voting for General Millson. I
have not said that I will never vote for a Demo-
crat; but! say that the contingency in winch I
will do so, has not yet arisen. 1 did soy, in every
speech I made throughout the contest, that if ever
I was bound to choose between a Democrat and
a Republican, I would vote for a Democrat; but
that issue has not come, and I hope to God it
never will come. [Laughter and applause.]
Mr. BURNETT. Now,"l want to say another
thing. Theie is such a thing as prejudging a case,
and I wish the attention of the Republican party,
many of whom 1 know personally and respect as
men. My colleague tells you fbat his sont is eon-
tested, because it may control the vote of Ken-
tucky in the next presidential election. 1 tell this
House that his scat is contested, because, upon
the face of the poll-books, he did not have a ma-
jority of-the votes. That is the reason his seat
is contested, and that is all I have to say upon
that point. Now, I ask my colleague if he did
not tell his constituents that if the election of
President was carried into the House of Repre-
sentatives he would vote for a Democratic Presi-
dent ?
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. No, sir; I
never said that.
Mr. BURNETT. Then, I stand corrected
again.
Mr. HILL. Mr. Clerk, I believe I have the
floor, and I will say to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky that he need never to ask me for it again,
for he will not get it if ho docs. [Laughter.]
Mr. BURNETT. I announced to the gentle-
man what my purpose was in seeking the floor.
Mr. HILL. I certainly did not hear him an-
nounce that it was his purpose to stigmatize the
party to which! am proud to belong, as "the
miserable Know Nothing party." Let me tell
the gentleman that I voted for Grcneral Millson
to-day because I respected his manliness in voting,
as he ought to have voted, against the Kansas-
Nebraska bill. My people know my sentiments,
and those gentlemen who were here in Congress
know just where 1 stand. I voted for him be-
cause 1 had confidence that if placed in the chair
he would be incapable of appointing any white-
washing committees for this Administration, or
for anybody else. Does tin1 gentleman understand
me ? 1 came here against the opposition of the
Democratic party, and certainly not by their favor.
I came here as a southein man, with some pecu-
liar sentiments, and rather more southern, I think,
than the gentleman from Kentucky. * I avowed
before my people that when a case arose under
this Government, where there was a southern Ter-
ritory where the institution of slavery might go,
and the South should call upon Congress to give
her protection for her slave property and it should
be refused, I would join the ultra' South in any
course it might adopt. That is my position; I
will not go for n general law.
But 1 have said another thing, and I want gen-
tlemen to understand me. Never, never,so help
me God, when any man is elected by the forms
of the Constitution of the country to the office of
President, to which any miscreant is entitled to
be elected, will 1 help to tear down the great
structure under which we live, [Applause m the
galleries.] 1 will rather believe that he will, like
some hypocrites who have been honored by the
people with that office, kick away the ladder
upon which he mounted, and show them that
when lie has taken upon himself tire obligation to
suppoit the Constitution, he will administer the
Government m such a manner that the people will
be content. I will await the devolopmentof some
unlawful purpose, something aimed to crush my
section of the country, before I consent to strike
the fatal blow.
These are my sentiments. I am a Union man;
for a constitutional Union, and no other. In the
contest now before us, I have, voted for a man
upontho Democratic side of the House,and there
are other gentlemen on the same side forwhom I
would vote with great pleasure. But I distinctly
state here, that if there be a mail that treads this
earth who feels one inch taller or in any way
purer than myself, I spurn him from my acquaint-
ance; but as for that44 miserable" party of Know
iNothings 
Mr. BURNETT. If the gentleman will allow
me for a moment, I think he will be satisfied that
he docs me injustice. 1 am a frank man, and J
think if the gentleman will hear mc ho will be
satisfied. Now, I will say to this House that my I
course upon tins floor, gentlemen will bear me
witness, has been courteous in every respect; and I
say now, that if I used the expression "miserable
party," it was not used in an offensive sense, and
if so regarded I take pleasure m withdrawing it. i
Now, will the gentleman permit me one word
further? If the gentleman understands ine as an-
nouncing that I am for dissolving the Union upon
the election of William H. Seward, he misun-
derstands me. I said this, and as a southern man
I repeat it with emphasis—that I am not sent here
to dissolve this Union, This Union was create!
by sovereign States, and it takes sovereign States
to dissolve it. Not only that, I say here that
when Seward is elected upon his policy, then I
hope the southern States of this Union will speak,
and that old Kentucky, my native State-~*ithe
dark and bloody ground"—will take that course
which is due to her history and position. But, sir,
whatever she does, she will have this right arm
and this manly heart to back her. I have done.
Mr. HILL. If the gentleman takes back the
expression which he used and which I objected to,
I have nothing further to say upon that point. I
will, however, make this additional remark, to
show why I came to this Congress at all. As I
have stated on all proper occasions, my object
was to aid in a humble degree in breaking up the
two organizations, right and left, the Democratic
and the Republican parties, and in erecting upon
their ruins a better party for this nation. [Ap-
plause and laughter.] It was my desire to do that;
and my whole great purpose now is to do it. That
great party for the security of the Union is tore-
suit from the salutary American principles I pro-
fess. These are my views.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move that the
House adjourn.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. With the
gentleman's permission I will make a brief ex-
planation.
Mr. HILL. I yield to the gentleman for an
explanation.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. As I re-
marked before, I do not desire to trespass upon
the patience of the House for the purpose of
making a speech. I desire a speedy organization
of this House. I have desired it, and 1 still desire
it. My worthy colleague from Kentucky, for
some reason or other, I do not know what, has
seen fit to propound certain questions to me.
With a view of doing myself justice, I trust I shall
have the privilege to make a response to them.
He asked me whether or not I did not state, in my
canvass in Kentucky, that I would vote for a
Democratic President in case the election came to
this House m 1860. I say that I did not. I stated
before, that I said in the contest for Speaker, if
compelled to choose between a Democrat and a
Republican, I would vote for a Democrat if they
carried out the principles which they avow before
the country. 1 never said anything in regard to the
President.
Here Mr. anders0n.yielded to
Mr. ETHERIDGE, who moved that the House
adjourn; which motion was agreed to.
Thereupon, the House (at twenty minutes
past five o'clock, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 22, 1859.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. P. D. Gurley,
D. D.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
Several executive communications were received
from the President of the United States by the
hands of James Buchanan, jr., Esq., his Secre-
tary.
HEATING TIIE CAPITOL.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the following letter:
Oi'fick United Stvtbs C^pitoi. Extension,
* Washington, December 12, 1859.
Sir: I have the honor to infoun you that the heating and
ventilating appaiatus of the noith wing is now ready to
tinri ovei to thecontiol of the, officers of the Senate.
Since the adjournment oi the last Congress, some altera-
tions have been made in the ajr-ducts by Captam Meigs,
my prcdccrs.-oi, which it is believed have improved the
distribution at' the heated air. If the arrangement is now
eati-'tfiotoiy to the Senate, there &eems to benoieasonwhy
it? piop^r oflk-eis Miould nut take cbaige of the appaiatus,
s-o that the appropriation for the Capitol Extension may be
relieved fiom the bmden of its support.
I enclose with this a ii.-t ot the per&ons employed in tak-
ing eaio of the apparatus, with then- lates of daily pay.
These persons aie six m numbei.and have chaige of the
two engines and ventilating Ian?5, the boilen, f-team and
watei pipes, iegbteis,anil all oth^rpaiu of the heating arid
ventilating appoiam*, am! do all the work connected with
it. They have been emploved upon the wotk for some
time, and the engineer and his asn«tant have leceived a
thoiough training in the piopei manipulation o( tho ma-
chinery, in all it* p.iyfcs. They a:e competent, too, toman-
age the gas and water linings ot the north wing, and the
care of these fitting* might piopeiiy be turned over to
them
f respectfully recommend that these persons be retained
