m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
of Ghent, for,negroes« rried off by the British
troops in -the war of 1812; the petition of Mary
,A'«.Wisef:of.'Virginsa, praying compensation for
a-nsgro taken by the British in 1814, out of the
fond- provided by the treaty of Ghent for the pay-
ment of such' losses; and the petition of the son and
heip of Edward Rudd, praying compensation for
slaves carried off by the enemy during the last
' war with Great Britain.
. BILLS INTRODUCED.
•Mr-YULEE asked,and byunanimousconsent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 1) explanatory of an act for the relief of
Charles D. Maxwell, a surgeon in the United
States Navy; which was read twice by its title,
and referred, with his petition and papers hereto-
fore presented to the Senate, to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
' 'Mr. MALLORY, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked an£l obtained leave to introduce a bill
(S.,No. 10) in addition to an act to promote the
progress of the useful arts; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office.
Mr. HARLAN asked and obtained leave to in-
troduce a bill (S. No. 8) to reimburse the State
of Iowa for moneys expended in the suppression
oflndian.lTostilities within the jurisdiction <5f that
State; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to-the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia.
He also asked, ahd by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 2) removing the restrictions upon a certain
grant of five sections of land to the State of Iowa;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
" He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 15) for
tlKi relief-of purchasers of public lands within the
timber reserve opposite Fort Kearney, and for
the settlers within the Winnebago agency reser-
vation, the Port Atkinson reservation, and the
timber reserve opposite Port Crawford, all in the
State of Iowa; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. LANE, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 11) making an appropriation for the payment
of the expenses incurred by the people of the
Territoriesof Oregon and Washington in the sup-
pression of Indian hostilities therein in the years
1855 and 1856; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and Militia.
He also, in pursuance of previous notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 9)
to amend'' An act for extending the laws and judi-
cial system of the United States to the State of
Oregon, and for other purposes;" which was read
twice bv its title, and referred to the Committee
On the Judiciary.
Mr. SAULSBURY, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
■ bill (S. No. 13) making an appropriation for the
erection of a pier in Delaware Bay, for the pro-
tection of commerce; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CRITTENDEN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
14) for the relief of Francis Dainese; which was
read twice by ita title, and referred, with the papers
on file, to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
On motion of Mr. CRITTENDEN, it was
Ordered, That the report of the Committee on Foreign
Relations on the claim of Francis Dainese, at the last ses-
sion of Congress, be printed.
Mr. CLAY, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked atid obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 16) repealing till laws or parts of laws allow-
ing bounties to vessels employed in the bank and
other cod fisheries; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BRIGHT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
17) to enlarge the public grounds surrounding the
Capitol; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
Mr. HEMPHILL, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 18) making appropriations for the sup-
port of one regiment of Texas mounted volun-
teers, authorized by the act of Congress approved
7th April, 1858; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also, in pursuance of previous notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 3) to provide for the payment of cer-
tain volunteer troops called into service by the
Governor of the State of Texas for the protection
of the frontier of said State, and to reimburse said
State the amount advanced by her on account
thereof; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
BILLS REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, the following
bills, which were introduced by him yesterday,
were referred to the Committee on the Judiciary:
A bill (S. No. 2) concerning the administration
of justice in criminal cases;
A bill (S. No. 3) to amend an act entitled "An
act to regulate the carriage of passengers in steam-
ships or other vessels," approved March 3, 1855;
A bill (S. No. 4) concerning appeals and writs
of error; and
A bill (S. No. 5) to supply vacancies in certain
offices.
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 6) concerning seamen be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
NOTICES OF BILXiS.
Mr. BINGHAM gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief of
Arthur Edwards and others.
Mr. DAVIS gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill for the organization of a
territorial government in Arizona.
MAIL SERVICE.
Mr. MALLORY submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Revolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire as to the condition of the
mail service on route 6565, between Tallahassee and Pen-
saeola, in the State of Florida, and to report upon the ex-
pediency and the means of establishing an efficient daily
postal service thereon.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. GWIN, ill pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 12) to authorize the President to contract for
the transportation of the mails, troops, seamen,
munitions of war, Army and Navy supplies, and
all other Government service, Ivy railroad, from
the Missouri river to San Francisco, in the State
of California; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, this is the same
bill which was under consideration in the Senate
during the last session. It was reported then by
a select committee, and subsequently amended
by the Senate, after elaborate investigation and
discussion. I introduce it now for the purpose
of placing it on the Calendar, in order that wo may
have an opportunity of taking it up at a very ea rly
day. I intend to rail it up soon. If,after an ex-
amination of the qiiestion.it shall be the pleasure
of the Senate to have the subject again referred to
a select committee, that motion can then be made.
My own judgment is, that the best way in which
to approach this important question is to take up
the oill which I have now introduced. For that
purpose, I wish it to go on the Calendar; and I
give notice to the Senate that at an early day I
■shall call it up for consideration.
The PRESFDF.NT pro tempore. The bill goes
011 the Calendar, as a matter of course, if no mo-
tion be made to refer it.
ADJOURNMENT FOR THE HOLIDAYS.
Mr. SLIDELL. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its present consideration:
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns on Friday next,
it be to Tuesday next; and Alien it adjourns on Tuesday,
it be to the Friday following; and when it adjourns on Fri-
day, it be to Tuesday, the third day of January next.
I will state, as some persons have expressed a
doubt as to whether this is in conformity to usage,
that on two occasions, a few years since, one the
occasion of the meeting of the convention at Cin-
cinnati, and the ofilior of the Republican conven-
tion at Philadelphia, a resolution in similar terms
was adopted. I will say, for myself, that I have
not the slightest interest in this matter. My fam-
ily being here, I have no occasion to go home for
the holidays; but I know it will bo a matter of
great convenience to many gentlemen who are not
situated as I am. I ask for the present consider-
ation of the resolution.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no objection to
having an understanding of that kind; but to make
an order beforehand for the Senate to adjourn on
a future day, when those who happen to be here
may think it best to go on with business, I think
is not competent; I think it is not parliamentary;
I think it is irregular. I have no objection, how-
ever, to an understanding of that kind.
Mr. SLIDELL. If the Secretary will have the
goodness to scud me the Journal of 1856, the Sen-
ator from Vermont will find that a resolution like
this was adopted on two previous occasions, and
no gentleman would think of introducing any
business before the Senate on the days when the
body was to meet formally. The resolution is
offered in this form to obviate the constitutional
objection that an adjournment cannot be made for
more than three days without the consent of the
other House, which cannot of course be obtained
under existing circumstances.
Mr. COLLAMER. It seems to me to be a
mere evasion of the constitutional prohibition—
nothing more, nothing less. It is a very inge-
nious evasion of the constitutional prohibition.
Mr. IVERSON. I suppose that if this reso-
lution passes, it will be generally understood by
the Senators th'at no business will be transacted
on the days when the S?nate is to meet for the
purpose of a formal adjournment. It can be done,
I think, without any difficulty, and this resolu-
tion may pass without any constitutional ques-
tion being raised. It is only a formal common
consent entered into by the Senate that on to-
morrow we shall do no business but adjourn to
Tuesday next, and then on Tuesday, if any mem-
bers ofHhc Senate are present—it is not necessary
that there should be a quorum present—they can
adjourn over to Friday in pursuance of the agree-
ment which has been thus entered into, and then
over to the Tuesday following. I am perfectly
willing to vote for the resolution with this com-
mon understanding.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not mean to be un-
derstood as at all objecting to an arrangement
like that proposed, if it. be done by understanding.
I do not cxpect to leave the city myself, and 1
do not expect business to be done during the holi-
days. If it is necessary, I am perfectly willing
to attend here for the purpose of making adjourn-
ments, in order to keep all things in order; but it
seems to me that when the Constitution prohibits
cither House during the session of Congress to
adjourn for more than three days without > the
consent of the other, an attempt to get rid of it
in this mode is not proper. I care not if there is
a precedent for it; that does not alter the case in
my mind in the least. It is nothing, H seems to
me, but an equivocation to get over the prohibi-
tion of the Constitution; and I cannot but feel it
my duty to protest against it, not that 1 have any
objection to an arrangement of this kind.
Mr. DAVIS. I concur with the objection made
by the Senator from Vermont, and 1 think there
is another which we ought also to consider. The
House of Representatives is not yet organized;
we have not received the annual message and
accompanying documents. The House might be
organized in the very interval proposed, m which
event the Senate ought to be in session.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 have sent for the Journal
of the Senate, in order to jow that this course
has been adopted on two previous occasions, by
the unanimous assent of the Senate. I will say
for myself, that I am entirely indifferent whether
the resolution passes or not. I have introduced
it at the instance of other gentlemen who really
feel an interest in the matter, and whose con-
venience will bo greatly promoted by it. As to
the constitutional objection, I confess that I can-
not see the force of it at all. I find, by reference to
the Journal, that on the 23d December, 1850, it was
" Ordered, That when the Senate adjourn'it be to Friday
next, and when it adjourn on Friday it be to the Monday
following."
On two previous occasions, as I before re-
marked, this arrangement extended over a period
of seven or eight days; one for the meeting of the
Cincinnati convention, and the other for thePhil-
adelohia convention.
The resolution was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, the Senate then
adjourned.
