1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
12m
on the state of the XInion to the amendment pro-
posed by the committee was as follows:
Insert after the words « Private Secretary," in the rule
proposed to be amended, the words, "foreign ministers,"
and after the word " State," the words " Senators and
Representatives elect, and ex-members of the House, not
prosecuting claims personally or as agents before Con-
gress."
Mr. "WELLS. I would inquire what will be
the effect if this amendment should be adopted ?
Will it leave the rules as they were before they
were acted upon by the committee ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that
would be the effect.
Mr. WELLS. And if it should pass, would
it not, in fact, give to those persons privileges
over other citizens of the United States?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I object to de-
bate.
The SPEAKER. Debate is out of order, as the
previous question has been seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. BOCOCK. I desire to ask a question, but
not in the nature of debate. I think the mode in
which the Clerk read the amendmSnt was not cal-
culated to inform the House of the exact state of
the amendment. The. vote now to be taken is
simply upon admitting foreign ministers and mem-
bers elect. If that is voted down, the next vote
will be upon admitting the judges of the Court
of Claims ?
Mr. LANDRUM. Would an amendment be
in order ?
The SPEAKER. It would not.
Mr. LANDRUM. I want to open the doors
to everybody.
The question recurring upon the amendment to
the amendment,
The SPEAKER ordered tellers;and appointed
Messrs. McKnight and Cox.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 76, noes 66.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, called for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. SICKLES. I call for a division of the
question. I should like to vote for that part of
the amendment admitting foreign ministers, be-
cause that is a courtesy which is extended to our
ministers in foreign countries; but I do not want
to vote for the admission on the floor of claim
agents.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is debate in order on the
question ? If not, I object to any debate.
Mr. MILES. Is there any objection to a divis-
ion of the amendment ?
Mr. SICKLES. I merely ask for a division of
the amendment. I think that is in order. I wish
to have a separate vote on the proposition to ad-
mit foreign ministers, as well as a separate vote
on the proposition to admit ex-members.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
proposition of the gentleman from New York is
m order, and should be sustained.
Mr. FLORENCE. It would have been in or-
der if it had been proposed before this time; but
the previous question lias been seconded, and the
question cannot now be divided.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will understand that, under the new rule,
this question can be divided. The question will
be 011 the following section of the amendment to
the amendment:
After the words "Private Secretary," insert the words
" foreign ministers."
The question was taken; and that portion of the
amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question is now on the
next branch of the amendment to the amendment,
as follows:.
Aftertheword " State,"insertthewords, "Senatorsand
Representatives elect, and ex-members of the House, not
prosecuting claims personally or as agents before Con-
gress."
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to know
whether the amendment does not propose to ad-
mit the judges of the Court of Claims >
The SPEAKER. That is the original amend-
ment reported by the committee on rules.
Mr, SICKLES. My demand is to get a sepa-
rate vote on the proposition to admit ex-members
of Congress. I want to separate it from the prop-
osition to admit Senators and Representatives
The SPEAKER. Then the question will be
on the following branch.of the amendment to the
amendment:
After the word " State," insert the words," Senators and
Representatives elect."
The question was taken; and that portion of the
amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question is now on the
following branch of the amendment to the amend-
ment:
Add the following:
And ex-members of the House not prosecuting claims
personally or as agents before Congress.
Mr. MILES. On that I call for the "yeas and
fcnays.
Mr. RXJFFIN called for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kilgore
and Miles were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 40, noes 49.
So (over one fifth voting in favor thereof) the
yeas and nays were ordered.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by Mr.
Hickey, its Chief Clerk, informing tho Mouse
that the Senate had passed the following bills; in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House:
An act (No. 49) to grant the right of preemp-
tion to a certain tract of land in the State of Mis-
souri to the heirs and legal representatives of
Thomas Maddin, deceased;
An act (No. 02) for the relief of Jeremiah Pen-
dcrgast;
An act (No. 71) fo%the relief of the American
Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions;
An act (No. 96) for the relief of Abner Merrill;
An act (No. 97) to authorize the institution of
a suit against the United States to test the title to
lots, Nos. 5 and 6, in the Hospital square, in San
Francisco; ^
An act (No. 99) for the relief of Miles Devine;
and
An act (No. 100) for the relief of Samuel H.
Taylor.
AMENDMENT OE THE RULES AGAIN.
The question was taken on that portion of the
amendment to the amendment relating to the ad-
mission of ex-members of the House; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 89, nays 89; as fol-
lows:
STEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Aldrich, William C. An-
derson, Ashley, Babbitt, Barrett, Bingham, Blake, Boteler,
Brabson, Brayion, Briggs, Burnett, Burnharn, Burroughs,
Butterfield, Carter,'Case, John B. Clark, Cobb, James
Craig, Curtis, Davidson, Delano, Edgerton, Eliot, English,
Etheridge, Florence, Foster, Frank, French, Goocli, Gra-
ham, Hamilton, Helmick, Hickman, Hill, Hoard, Ilolman,
Howard, Hughes, Humphrey, Jackson, Junkin, Francis W.
Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kilgore, Kunkel, James M.
Leach; Lee, Logan, MalIoiy,Maynard, Millson, Millward,
Laban T. Moore, Moorhoad, Morrill, Morse, Nelson, Nib-
lack, Noell, Palmer, Pendleton, Peiry, Potter, Pottle, Rice,
Christopher Uobinson, Scott, Scranton, William N. Ii.
Smith, Stanton, James A. Stewart, Stokes, Stout, Stratton,
Taylor, Theaker, Undeivvood, Vallandigham,Verree,Cad-
walader C.Washburn, Israelwashbuin,Webster,Windom,
Woodruff, and Woodson—89.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashmore, Barksdale, Rlaii, Bo-
cock, Bonham, Bouligny, Boyce, Buffinton,Burch, Camp-
bell, Caiey, Clopton, John Cochrane, Colfax, Conkhng,
Cooper, Cox, Burton Craige, Curry, John G. Davis, Reuben
Davis, Dawes, De Jarnette, Dunn, Ferry, Garnett, Gartrell,
Gilmer, Grow, Gurley, Hardeman, John T. Hams, Ilatton,
Hindman, Houston, Hutchins, Jenkins, Jones, Kent, Ken-
yon, Lamar, Landrum, Do Witt C. Leaeh, Loomis, Love,
Lovejoy, Maelay, Elbert S. Martin, McKean, McKnight,
McPherson, McQueen, McRae, Miles, Sydenham Moore,
Edward Joy Morris, Olin, Peyton, Phelps, Poiter, Fryor,
Pugh, Reagan, Iliggs, James C. Uobinson, Royce, lluffin,
Schwartz, Sedgwick, Sherman, Sickles, Simms, Singleton,
William Smith,Somes, Spinner, Stevenson,William Stew-
art, Thayer,Tompkins, Trimble,Waldron, EUilm B.Wash-
burne, Wells, Wilson, Winslow, Wood, and Wright—89.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the neg-
ative, believing that the rule is right as it is.
So that branch of the amendment to the amend-
ment was rejected.
During the vote,
Mr. ELIOT stated that Mr. Adams, of Massa-
chusetts, was detained at home by indisposition.
Mr. BUFFINTON stated that Mr. Alley was
paired with Mr. Vance until Wednesday next.
Mr. Mc&UEEN stated that Mr. Branch was
detained from the House by illness, and was
paired off with Mr. Vandeyer.
Mr. RICE stated that Mr. Burlingame was
paired off with Mr. Larraeee.
Mr. CAMPBELL stated that Mr. Hall was
detained at home by illness, and that Mr, Lono-
necker was absent on important business, and
had paired off with Mr. Landrum.
Mr. THOMAS stated that he was paired off
with Mr. Spadlding until the 22d instant.
Mr, COLFAX stated that Mr. Hale, and Mr.
Anderson of Missouri, were paired off for to-
day. v
Mr. QXTARLES stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Pettit.
The vote was then announced, as above re-
corded.
The question recurred on agreeing to the amend-
ment, as amended; and it was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The questioiHs now on the
following amendment reported by the committee
on rules:
Amend rule 34, by adding at the end thereof the words:
" Provided, farther, That the House may, by the vote of a
a majority of the members present, at any time after five
minutes' debate has taken place on any proposed amend-
ments to any section of a bill, close all debate upon such
section"—
With the following amendments to the same:
Insert after the word " section," in said amendment, in
both places where it occurs, the words "or paragraph;"
and insert, also, at the end of said amendment, the words
" or at their election."
So that it will read:
No member shall occupy more than one hour in debate
on any question, in the House or in committee; but a mem-
bei reporting the measuie under consideration from a com-
mittee may open and close the debate: Provided, That
where debate is closed by order of the House, anymember
shall be allowed, in committee, five minutes to explain any
amendment ho may offer, after which any member who
shall first obtain the floor thall be allowed to speak five
minutes in opposition to it, and there shall be no further
debate on the amendment; but the same privilege of debate
shall be allowed in favor of and against any amendment
that maybe offered to the amendment; and neither the
amendment nor an amendment to the amendment shall be
withdrawn by the mover thereof, unless by the unanimous
consent of the committee: Provided further, That the
House may, by the vote of a majority of the members pres-
ent, at any time after five minutes' debate has taken place
on any proposed amendments to any section or paragraph of
a bill, close all debate upon such section or paragraph, or
at their election.
The amendments to the amendment were agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was also
agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Vallandigham's
amendment to strike out the following words:
" No member shall occupy more than one hour in debate
on any question in the House or in committee; but"
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I presume we may
as well have the yeas and nays at once on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KEITT. Is there any provision by which
speeches are to be prohibited from being read ?
Mr. WINSLOW. Under the general parlia-
mentary law, it is out of order to read speeches.
Any member can object.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I trust I will be
permitted to make an inquiry as to the vote taken
a few minutes since. I understand that the prop-
osition of the gentleman' from New York [Mr.
Sickles] was to strike out the clause reported hy
the committee on rules, which admitted ex-mem-
bers to the privilege of the floor.
Mr. SICKLES. I would say to the gentleman
from Virginia, that I made no proposition at all.
I simply called for a separate vote on the propo-
sition.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, then, Mr. •
Speaker, I move to reconsider the vote on that
proposition, because I voted under a mistake, and
so did others. I am not certain whether I have
a right myself to make the motion.
Mr. SICKLES. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia desire to have the motion made, I will
make it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I understand that
I voted with the majority, and have a right to
make the motion to reconsider.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I suggest that it
is not in order to entertain that motion now. It
can only be entered on the Journal, as the House
has passed to other business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that it
is in order to move to reconsider.
Mr. McQUEEN. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman can-
not submit that motion until I yieTd the floor.
Mr. WINSLOW. I 'should like to inquire
whether the gentleman from Virginia voted with
the prevailing side ?
