1236
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I did, sir. I voted
with the majority. I voted under a misapprehen-
sion, and therefore it is that I move to reconsider.
On that proposition I desire to submit a remark
or two.
The SPEAKER. No debate is m order, as the
gentleman must know. The House is acting
upon the previous question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Cannot I be per-
mitted to changc my vote now ?
* [Loud cries of " rTo!" "No!"]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, I move to
reconsider, at any rate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair entertains the
motion to reconsider.
Mr. Mc&UEEN. I move to lay that motion
upon the table.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I call for the yeas
and nays on that motion.
Mr. STANTON. If the yeas and nays are to
be called, let them be called but once, and on the
motion to reconsider.
Mr. SIMMS. Let us take them on the main
question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McGtUEEN. At the instance of some of
my friends, I withdraw the motion to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. STANTON. Now, let us have the yeas
and nays on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I demand the yeas
and nays*
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FLORENCE. I,suggestto the gentleman
from Virginia that he had better withdraw the
demand for the yeas and nays on the motion to
reconsider. I have no doubt the vote will be re-
considered, and then we can have a test vote on
the main question.
Mr. GROW. It will be a test vote if we refuse
to reconsider.
Mr. FLORENCE. That is a dishonest way,
in my judgment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, I yield to the sug-
gestions of others, and will withdraw the demand
for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays having
been ordered on the motian the gentleman cannot
withdraw the call except by unanimous consent.
Several Members objected.
The question was taken on the motion to re-
consider; and it was decided in the negative—
yeas 88, nays 94; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Groen Adams, Aldiich, William C. An-
derson, Ashley, Avery, Uabbitt, Harr, Banett, iitngham,
Blake, lirabson, Brayton, Hriggs, Burnett, iJurioughs, litit-
terfield, Case, John 13. Clark, Cobb, Covode, James Craig,
Davidson, Delano, Duel!, Edwards, Knot, English, Ether-
idge, Floienco, Foster, Frank, French, Gooch, Graham,
ilamiltoi), John T. Harris, Hill, Hoard, Ilolman, Howaul,
Hughes, Humphrey, Jackson, Junkin, Kllgore, ICunkel,
James M. Leach, Logan, Malloiy, Elbert S. Martin, May-
nard, MeCJernand, Millson, Laban T. Moore, Moorhead,
Morrill, Nelson, Niblack, Nocll, Olin, Pendleton, Perry,
iVylon, Pottle, Quarles, Ohustopher Robinson, Sickles,
William Smith, William N. II. Smith, Stanton, James A.
Stewart, Stokes, Stout, Tappan, Taylor, Theaker, Tiain,
Underwood, Vallandigham, Vcrrec, Cadvvalader C. Wash-
burn, Israel Washburn, Webster, Whitelcy, Wilson, Win-
dom, Woodruff, and Woodson—-88.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashmorc, Barksdale, Blair, Bo-
cock, Bonham,Boyce, Buffinton, Burcli, Campbell, Carey,
Carter, Clopton, John Cochrane, Colfax, Conkling, Cox,
• Burton Craigc, Crawford, Curry, Curtis, John G. Davis,
Xteuben Davis, Dawes, De Jarncttc,Dunn, Edgeiton, Farns-
woith, Fentoa, Ferry, Garneu, Gartrell, Gilmer,Grow, Har-
deman, Haskin, Ilatton, Haxvkins, Holmick, Ihndman,
Houston, Hutchins, Jenkins, Jones, Keitt, Francis W.
Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon,Lamar, Landrum, Lee,
Loonus, Love, Lovejoy, Maclay, Maioton, McKcan, Mc-
Pheison,Mc(iueen,IVIcKae, Miles, Sydenham Moore, Ed-
ward Joy Morns, Palmer, Phelps, Poiter, Potter, Pugh, Rea-
gan, Jtigg*, James C. Robinson, Itoyee, Rullin, Schwaitz
burne, Wells, Winslow, Wood, and Wright—94.
So the House refused to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment was rejected.
During the roll-call,
Mr. GOOCH stated that Mr. Adams, of Mas-
sachusetts, had paire<J off for to-day with Mr.
Barrett, after this vote.
Mr. ALLEN stated thatMr. Co opsRhad paired
off with Mr. Leach, of Michigan.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hickey, its ChiefClerk,informingtheHouse
that the Senate had passed an act (H.ft. No, 241)
authorizing publishers to print on their papers
the date when subscriptions expire.
• AMENDMENT OF THE RULES—AGAIN.
The question recurred on the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. Vallandigham to abolish the hour
rule, upon which the yeas and nays had been
ordered.
Mr SICKLES. Can I be permitted to ask a
question of the chairman of the committee on
the revision of the rules, to govern my vote? I
wish to inquire if there is to be a vote on a prop-
osftion to confine debate to the matter in hand ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I think that
has been adopted.
Mr. SICKLES. No; it has not been adopted.
I would ask the gentleman if he will agree to a
vore on a proposition to strike out from the thirty-
second amendment the words " on special orders."
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I'am not au-
thorized to give such consent.
Mr. ALDRICH. What would be the effect of
the adoption of the amendment on which we are
about to vote? Would it allow a member to talk
two, three, or four hours, or a week ?
The SPEAKER. If we abolish the hour rule,
a member may talk as long as he pleases.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 80, nays 97; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barr, Beale, Bingham, Bonhani, Bote-
ler, Brabson, Butch, Burnett, Ca«e, John B. Clark, Clop-
ton, JohnCochrane, Conkling, Cooper, James Craig, Bur-
ton Craige, Crawioid, Curry, Davidson, Reuben Davis,
Dawes, De Jarnette, Ethcridge, Ferry, Florence, Garnett,
Ilatton, Hawkins, Hickman, Hill, Holman, Houston, Jack-
son, Jenkins, Jones, Keitt, William Kellogg, Kilgore, Kun-
kel, Lamar, Landrum, Logan-^Love, Maclay, Mallory,
Maynard, MeClernand, McRac, Miles, Millson, Millwaid,
Laban T. Mooie, Sydenham Moore, Nelson, Niblack,
Nooll, Olin, Pendleton, Potter, Pryor, Pugh, Ciuaile^, Rea-
gan, Uuffin, Sickles, William Smith, William N. II. Smith,
Stanton, Stevenson, James A. Sttfwait, Stout, Taylor,
Thayei, Underwood, Vallandigham, Webster, Wilson,
Winslow, Woodson, and Wright—SO*
NAYS—Mossr*. Green Adams, Aldrich, Allen, William
C. Anderson, Babbitt, Barksdale, Blair, Blake, Bocock,
Boyce, Brayton, Briggs, Butfmton, Bumham, Buttcifield,
Campbell, Carter, Cobb, Colla\, Covode, Cox, Curtis, John
G. Davis, Delano, Duell, Dunn. Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot,
English, Farnswortli, Fenton, Foster, Frank, French, Gar-
treli, Gilmer, Gooch, Graham, Giow, Gurley, Hardeman,
John T. Harris, Holmick, Ilindman, Ilumphiey, Hutching,
Junkin, Kenyon, James M. Leach, Lee, Loomis, Lovejoy,
Marston, Elbert S. Martin, McKean, McKmght, Mcpher-
son, McQueen, Mttorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy Moiris,
Palmer, Pony, Peyton, Phelps, Pottle, Riggs Clmstopher
Robinson, James CvItobinson, Rovco, SehwatU, Scran-
ton, Sedgwick, Sheiman, Simms, Singleton, Somes, Wil-
liam Stewart, Stokes, Stratton, Tappan, Theaker, Tomp-
kins, Tiam, Trimble, Verrce, YValdron, Walton, Cadwala-
der C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Wells, Wlutclcy, Windoni, Wood, anil Woodruff—97.
So Mr. Vallandigiiam's amendment was re-
jected.
During the roll-call,
Mr. AVERY stated that he had paired off upon
this question with Mr. Corwin, or he would have
voted " no."
Mr. ALLEN, when his name was called,said:
I wish to say that in the proceedings of some days
since, as reported in the Globe, itwas announced
that I had paired off for this week with Mr. Ely.
That is an error. I am not paired with any one.
I wish further to say, that Mr. Morris, of Illi-
nois, in the event of Mr. Edgerton not requiring
a pair, was authorized to pair me for last week
upon all votes which might involve party issues,
but nothing- further.
Mr. POTTLE. I announced the pair, and I
did it on the strength of a letter sent me by Mr.
Ely. That is all I know about it.
Mr. FOSTER stated that he had voted in the
affirmative inadvertently. If he could reduce the
time to half an hour, he would let the vote stand.
If he could not do that, he would vote " no!"
The resultof the vote having been announced as
above recorded,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the amendment was
rejected; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The next amendment, on which a separate vote
had been called, was reported as follows:
Amend rule 104, by striking out the words " there shall
be appointed a standing comniittpe of this House, to con-
sist of three members, to be called the Committee on En-
graving, to whom shall be referred, by the Clerk," and in •
serting in lieu thereof the words "theie shall be referred,
hy the Clerk, to the members of the Committee on Print-
ing on the part of the Houseso that it will read :■
There shall be referred, by the Clerk, to the members of
the Committee on Printing on tha part of the House, all
drawings, maps, charts, or other papers, which may at any
time coine before the House for engraving, lithographing,
or publishing inany way; which committee shall report
to the House whether the same ought, in their opinion,
to be published; and if the House order the publication of
the same, that said committee shall dnect the size and
manner of execution of all such maps, charts, drawings, or
other papers, and contract by agreement, m writing, for all
such engraving,'lithographing, printing, drawing, and color-
ing, as may be ordered by the House ; which agreement, in
writing, shall be furnished by said committee to the Com-
mittee of Accounts, to govern said committee in all allow-
ances for such Works; and it shall be in order for bald com-
mittee to report at all times.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to know whether,
if this amendment be voted down, there will be
left any authority to contract for the engraving
and lithographing to be done for the House ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands there
will not be.
Mr. STANTON. I understand the committee
repealed the rule constituting the Committee on
Engraving; and that, if this amendment be reject-
ed, no committee will have power to contract for
engraving or lithographing. Now, sir, I do not
want to give any committee the power to make
these contracts, without first submitting them for
the ratification of the House.
Mr. GROW. • Debate is not in order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I understand
this rule simply abolishes the Committee on En-
graving.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
it is simply a substitution of the Committee on
Printing for the Committee on Engraving.
Mr. BURNETT. And abolishes the Com-
mitted on Engraving.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understands it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like to suggest an
amendment, by which the committee should be
required to let their contracts out to the lowest
bidder.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I will state that
this leaves the rule precisely where itwas before,
with the exception that it transfers the duty of
making these engraving and lithographing con-
tracts from the Committee on Engraving to the
Committee on Printing. It gives no hew power
or authority.
Mr. STANTON. My objection is that no re-
quirement is made that these contracts shall be
first submitted to the House for its approval be-
fore being completed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. That is all
provided for by law.
Mr. BURNETT. I understand that this amend-
ment does not make any change in the power of
the committee; it simply transfers the power that
now exists to the Committee on Printing, and
abolishes the Committee on Engraving.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the permission of the
gentleman from Maine to allow me to move that
the committee to which this matter is referred
shall be required to let out these contracts to the
lowest bidder.
Mr. GROW. I think the House does not un-
derstand the effect of this amendment. The rule
in reference to the letting of these contracts re-
mains precisely where it did before. All the*laws
regulating the printing and engraving remain in
force, of course. I£ is simply a question of what
committee shall have charge of the subject. No
change is made in the manner of letting the con-
tracts
Mr. HOUSTON. But I understand the object
of the action of the House now to be to make the
rules better. While we are making changes in
the rules, I think we should improve them as far
as possible.
Mr. GROW. This is a matter that should be
regulated by law.
Mr. HOUSTON. My object is to have incor-
porated into the rule a provision that, under the
law, shall guard against fraud, corruption, and
favoritism.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. It is not in
order to move any amendment at this time.
The SPEAKER. It is not, cxcept by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House, then, to offer the amendment which
I have proposed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I object.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call attention to the fact
that the objection comes from the gentleman from
Maine.
