8124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
Creelsboro' road was the line between White Oak and
Haruvonyprecincts. From his knowledge of the line,Wil-
liam Walk up lived in the Harmony precinct in August,
1859. ' •
" J. R. A. Sftrange saysWalkup lived in the Harmony
precinct. He, however, never saw any record of the lines
of the precinct.
" William L. Morrison says the Columbia road is the
reputed line between White Oak and Harmony precincts,
which line includes votes in the Harmony precinct. Has
understood that the line has been so changed as to include
Walkup's old house, in the White Oak precinct."
This is the testimony with reference to the vote
of William Walktip, who, the majority of the
committee say, voted in one precinct of the county
for me, while he resided in another. Let us see
whether this committee has followed that rule in
every case. To determine this, I refer the House
to a vote cast in the first precinct in Wayne county
for the honorable gentleman, the sitting member.
Here is the testimony:
B. Lawson, challenged for want of residence.
"John Rankin states that voter,at the time he voted, had
no residence in the precinct where he voted. He voted for
Anderson."
Yet the committee strike Mr. Walkup's name
from my vote because he did not reside in the
precinct in which he voted; but they do not strike
the name of this man, who voted outside the dis-
trict in which he resided for the sitting member.
Again: take the ease of Martin Blevins:
" Hemy Davenport states lie supposes voter lived on the
town lot in Monterville, which, accoidmg to the report of
the commissioners, is in tlie Jenkins precinct. Witness is
not particularly acquainted with the dividing lines of Jen-
kins and Tate precincts.
" Anderson Rigney states that a man by the name of Blev-
ins voted at the South Fork or Titus precinct. There was
a dispute as to his right to vote there. Witness was one of
the judges of election."
In this conncction, I invite the attention of the
House to the vote given by C. F. Campbell, which
vote the committee failed todeduct from the sitting
member's poll, notwithstanding it was challenged
by me, for want of residence in the county:
"Henry Davenport states that voter lived in the Tate
preetrict, No. 3, and voted in the Jenkins preeinct, accord-
ing to the lines icported by the commissioners. He voted
for Anderson."
Upon the same testimony exactly in which they
strike Blevin's name from me, they refuse to strike
Walkup's and Campbell's from the vote of my
competitor.
Here is the case of Tyre Turpin, who went
from Pulaski county to the State of Indiana, and
remained for two years. William 11. Logan, a
witness, states that Turpin told him he voted in
the State of Indiana. I challenged the vote, but
the committee refused to reject it, notwithstand-
ing the statute says that when a man has gone
out of the State of Kentucky, even for temporary
purposes, and voted in his absence, he has no
right to return anil vote there. The proof is clear
that this man told the witness he voted in the
State of Indiana, and yet the committee admit
his vote for the sitting member,
George Cowan, who went out of the State about
four months, returned to Kentucky, voted for me.
The committee rejected his vote, but admitted that
of Turpin, although the latter was gone for two
years, and voted in Indiana.
I ask the House if it is willing to sanction these
inconsistent decisions of the committee upon those
several votes resting upon principle identical; re-
jecting those for me, though not as extreme in
their nature as those given for the sitting member,
and retained for him by the committee.
If the House sustains it, then there is an end to
all reason for contesting a seat here, no matter
how plain and justifiable the grounds for contest
are.
It will be impossible, as I before remarked, to
go into the individual eases of these 50 voters;
but gentlemen will find that in every instance my
challenges are sustained by proof as strong as in
those I have named. There is the case of B.
Smith, who voted for the honorable gentleman in
the county of Cumberland. The committee did
not think the evidence was sufficient to reject his
vote. The following is the testimony in relation
to it;
James. M. Boles mid Samuel H. Boles state that thev
are acqu'mited with 15. Smith, who voted for Anderson for
Congress, ni precinct No. ti, m Cumberland county; there
n no'othei B. Smith residing in said count> ; voter is a
man oi'iaimly, having a wife and children. At the time of
the iate election they resided permanently in ptecmet No.
1 of this, county; understood from Smith that he and ins
family were on good terms, and had notseparated; that he
was staying in precinct No. 3 for the purpose of selling
whisky. This they learned from voter before the election."
What is the law? Inapreviouspartof my speech
I quoted it: thatwherevera man'sfamily resides,
that shall be deemed to be his place of residence.
The testimony goes on: "that he and his fam-
ily were on good terms," &c.; yet in the face of
the law and the facts, the committee have failed
to sustain this challenge. *
I now take the case of Joseph Williams. He
was challenged by me for want of residence.
Here is the testimony:
<- William H. Cheatham states that voter Williams ar-
rived in Columbia, on the stage from Lebanon, some time
in the spring of 1S59. He asked him where he lived. He
said he resided in Virginia, where he was engaged in rail-
road building; that he had onlv returned to Adair county
to settle up some business. He voted for Anderson for
Congress in Columbia precinct, in this county, at the late
August election.
"J. II. Reynolds says that voter told him he came from
Virginia a short time before the late August election. He
had been absent fiom this county one year at least."
The committee have decided that that is not
sufficient evidence to strike the name of Joseph
Williams from the poll of the sitting member.
1 will now call attention to the case of E. Mc-
Nair. 1 desire the House will listen attentively
t6 the evidence in this case:
"Virgil P. Moore testifies that voter is not qualified. He
came to ^omcr&et, near tlnec months, pnoi to the election,
as a pteacher. lie continued to preach there until the latter
pait of August, 1859, when lie left for Danville, as witness
understood.
a Ebcn Milton states that voter voted for Anderson. lie
was a student in the Theological Seminary at Danville,
and, at the ieque>t of witness and other members of the
Presbjteiian chuieh, came to Someisct to preach duiing
the vacation of the seminary.
k<E.MeNair (votei) states that he went to Pulaski county
for a temporary pin pose only."
He went to Pulaski county for temporary pur-
poses. The law says that a man shall not have
a residence in Kentucky when he goes from county
to county for temporary purposes merely. This
voter stated that he was therefor temporary pur-
poses; that he was a theological student at Dan-
ville; that he went to Pulaski county to preach,
and that while there he voted for the sitting mem-
ber. Yet, sir, the committee have rejected this
evidence in that case, and they have not given me
the benefit of my challenge.
I now come to the case of C. C. McClure.
What is the evidence in regard to the vote of Mc-
Clure ?
'• John Kane states that ho knows butone C. C. MeCluie
in the county. lie became acquainted with linn m the
dimmer of !£.">() oi IK 7. Witness has examined poll-book
No. -1, and inula Mediae's name iceorded. Voter has not
been in the county since 1S.>(> or 1857, except lor four or j
live weeks m the spring of I£.">9. Jf lie had been in Danville
sixty days belore the election, witness thinks he would
have known it. Votei is a traveling journeyman hatter.
<k J. P. Tboul states that he became acquainted with Me-
Cluie two or three years aso. He worked for William
Figgwhen in the county. Witness's establishment. in Dan-
ville is in the same building with Pigg's. Two or tlnec
weeks before the August election, voter returned to work
for Figg, having been out of the county ever since 1856.
tie lives about, wherever he can get woik. Witness has
examined the poll-book of precinct No. 47 and linds that
McClure voted toi Andetnon."
In the face of this testimony, the committee
have refused to strike McClure5s vote from the
poll of the sitting member.
1 contend and insist that if you will give this
case the close and critical examination that its
merits demand at your hands, you will arrive at
the same conclusion that the minority of the com-
mittee did—that I was duly and fairly elected, at
August, after a correction of all clerical errors,
and that that majority was increased by the in-
vestigation over {he fraudulent vote.
Now, Mr. Speaker, there is a matter personally
reflecting upon myself, to which I must call the
attention of members, and then I will close my
remarks. The sitting member,m extenuation of
his conduct, the other day, when I charged upon
him that he had taken the poll-book out of the
clerk's office, assailed me with the allegation that
the Wayne county poll-book was found in my
possession. I call upon him to show in the testi-
mony where that fact can be found. I want it to
be stated, that I may have the testimony read to
the House. „
j Mr. STRATTON. John S. Van Wynkle's
testimony.
| Mr. CHRISMAN, (contestant.) I call upon the
j Clerk to read the testimony of Van Wynkle. No
1 imputation of the sort thrown out by the sitting
I member shall r«sl upon me.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" 1 was at the clerk's office, in Monticello, Tuesday morn-
ing atter the election. I think I first went there soon after
breakfast. I found the poll-book of district No. 1 open,
and lying on the table, and I made a Sount of the poll. I
think, after remaining awhile, I left, and again returned
sometime in the forenoon,and icinamed some tune. While
th^rethe poll-books of several districts ofthe county were
brought in and delivered to William Simpson, the clerk of
theWounty court. I have a pretty distinct memoiy of see-
ing him break the seals of the books of districts Nos. 2 and
3, and I may have seen 5 and 6 broken ; but of this I am
notsure. IcountedNos. 1,2,and 3, and perhaps 5. I hardly
think I did count 5. James S. Chrisman, John S. Wray,
William Heath, Henderson Coffey, and B. E. Roberts,
deputy clerk, were present. They are all Democrats, and
warm political friends of J. S. Chrisman. C. H. Busier, an
Anderson man and oppositionist, was also theie duiiugthe
morning. My impression is he came in towaids noon.
Theie was nothing being done except the poll of some of
the districts were counted. 1 think some one else besides
me was looking ovei them. Major Chrisman, according
to my recollection, was at the clerk's office during the whole
time I was there, which I think was seveial hours. Chris-
man may have come m the office soon after I went there.
The election was the only topic which I heard discus&ed,
with matteis connected with it. It was fieely discussed.
This was before the comparison of the vote of Wayne
county by the county boaid. I am not clear who was pres-
ent when I first went to the rleik's office, except the clerk
and deputy. I am an oppositionist, and a political friend
of Anderson's, and voted tor him."
Mr. CHRISMAN, (contestant.) There is
nothing in this testimony charging me with hav-
ing the poll-books of Wayne county in my pos-
session. At the time alluded to—1 recollect it
well—the leading Americans of Wayne county
were handling the books and counting the votes,
to see if they could detect anything which might
be made to accrue to the advantage of the sitting
member. I was merely present attending to the
duties of my profession, and brought a suit whilst
his friends were making the examination. There
is no analogy between it and the case of Boyle
county, where the sitting member had the books
at his private residence.
I will now close, with a brief reference to the
record of the sitting member. The gentleman, in
the conclusion of his response to my notice of
contest, says:
"That in the discharge of the high duty, as the Repre-
sentative of the fouith congressional district of Kentucky,
he will endeavor so to act as to meet with the confidence
and respect of his constituents."
How has that promise been fulfilled ? He came
here as the champion of southern rights. He
came here pledged to introduce a bill to protect
slave property in the Territories; yet he has sat
here one hundred and eighty days, and has made
no move to redeem that pledge. Yet he expects
" so to act as to meet with the confidence and re-
spect of his constituents." He came here pledged
to officer this House with Democrats, from the
Speaker down. Thathe did this, I will prove by
the testimony of James H. Reynolds, of Adair
county:
" I heard William C. Anderson say, at Neatsville, Adair
county, in a public speech, that if elccted to Congress, lie
would vote lor officers of the House of the Democratic
party in opposition to the Black Republican party, butpie-
fened officers of his own paity; and if he could not get offi-
cers of his own party, that he would vote with the Demo-
ciatic party in preference to the Black Republican party.
He also said, in the same speech, that if the election for
President was tluown in the House, he would vote for the
Democratic candidate m preference to the Black Republi-
can candidate."
A. Knox Russell, of the same county, says:
"I heard Mr. Anderson and Mr. Chrisman speak in the
town of Monticello, Kentucky, and in several other pre-
cincts in said county; and in all of said speeches Mr. An-
derson said that he would, if elected, and the election of
Piesident should be carried to the House, vote for a Dem-
ociat m pieference to a Black Republican, and all officers
ot the House.
" Cross-examined.—I heard James S. Chrisman denounce
the Black Republican party."
How has he redeemed this pledge? He has
given, by his vote, all the important offices of the
House into the hands of the Republicans, save
that of Speaker, and even in that case voted against
a Demociat on every ballot, notwithstanding the
Democracy had endeavored, on several occasions,
to organize by voting for a member of his own
party. Yet he expects " so to act as to meet with
the confidence and respect of his constituents."
He declared, whilst canvassing for the suffrages
of the people, that there was not in all the South
a truer, a more devoted, and enthusiastic friend
ofthe South and her institutions than they would
find in him. Yet you find him engaging and
glorying in the work of unseating Democrats here,
and placing in their stead Republicans. With a
