2m
THE: CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
Did my friend ? . Certainly not. Did he votefor
Mr -BoTELER,-of Virginia? Certainly not. He
has never voted, for a man of the southern Oppo-
sition;, and. yet he, gets the;floor and asks us to go
for asDemocrat for Speaker.
- My colleague also asks whether some of the
southern Opposition party did not vote for Mr.
MiBlsou? Well; suppose they did. If they
thought proper, they had a right to do so. They
did-what they; thought was right. X did what I
thought was rightt And after twelve of the southern
Opposition members had cast their votes for Mr.
Mili-son, what sort of a reception did he get from
the Democratic party ? Here is one of the leading
melkiberseflhe Democratic party, [Mr. Burnet,]
who,-after so.many of our men had voted for Mr.
MiLtsON, spoke of us as having dwindled down
from the Whig party to a miserable Know Noth-
ing concern. -Now, I never lick the hand that
smites me; and I tell my distinguished friend that,
iii the contingency which I spoke of yesterday,
I intend" to do what I promised. But you cannot
give a Democrat enough votes to elect him with
the combined votes of the Americans. And then,
where would wo bo ? Swallowed up by the Dem-
ocrats. Never, never, never. What thanks would
we have for it ? The very next moment we would
be driven down again into the " miserable, con-
temptible Know Nothing concern." So far as
I am concerned—and I speak also for other gen-
tlemen-on this floor—\$-c were elected neither as
Democrats nor as Republicans. Wo were elected
on two distinct ideas. One was opposition to the
corruptions of Buchanan's Administration; the
other opposition to the Republican party. We
have adhered to both these principles. If we aided
in electing a Democrat to the Speakership, would
we have a chance of exposing the frauds of the
Administration ? I would not say that any gen-
tleman occupying that chair would fix the com-
mittees so as not to expose the Administration;
but, from what I knoy of the Democratic party,
I rather think they would. [Shouts of laugh-
ten] .
Well, now, what are wo to do? Arc we to
cover up the frauds and corruptions of the Ad-
ministration by electing to the Speaker's chair a
man who would so fix the committees? Some
of the investigating committees of last Congress
presented reports containing exposures of the
most startling frauds that were ever committed
within- the history of the Government, but no
action waS taken upon them. What are we to
do ? - To shackle oui'solves, and to vote for a man
for Speaker who would not give us the opportu-
nity of 6xposing these-frauds? So far as I am
concerned I never will, except in the contingency
which I spoke of yesterday. That contingency,
I trust in God, never will arise; and I do not
bclicw it ever will.
Vote for a Democrat! What are we to gain
by that? If we do, we must return to our con-
stituents and tell them that we have exposed no
frauds. We told our people there was corrup-
tion. We shall have exposed no corruption. \V <j
told them wo intended to pursue a particular
course- of policy—that we wanted protection to
American labor. We shall have to tell them that
we have got no protection. Why? Because we
put a mau ill the Speaker's chair who would stifle
every investigation, and oppose everything we
promised to our constituents in the South.
Now, sir, so far as I am concerned, 1 stand here
as one of the twenty-three of the southern Oppo-
sition. It is true that I may be, "for the pres-
ent," only a member upon this floor; but I have
as many rights and privileges as my colleague or
any other man here; because I hold my commis-
sion, as he does, from the Governor and Secre-
tary of State, and under the broad seal of the
Commonwealth of Kentucky; and it is not for
him or for myself to decide whether it is right or
wrong. Now, I say that I cannot vote for a Dem-
ocrat in this state of the case; but I want to show
that I was right in stating, in the letter to which
my colleague has referred, that the responsibility
of the non-organization of the House rests 011 the
Democratic party, and not on the southern Oppo-
sition. How are Ave responsible? Wecouldnot
elect a Democrat, if we thought proper to do so.
Wo could elect a Republican, but wo do not see
proper to do it; and because we do not see proper
to do so, we have been denounced as thieves, liars,
Abolitionists, scoundrels, and midnight assas-
sins! [Great laughter.] Now, I know some-
thing about Democracy. I have been fighting
Democracy all my life, although I amaveryyoung
man. The gentleman has alluded to the pledges
I made on the stump. Permit me to say, that I
was a candidate for Congress two years ago, and
was defeated. I ran against the Democratic can-
didate then. I ran against the Democratic nomi-
nee again this year, and it was supposed that I
shoufi be overwhelmingly defeated^ but I went
before the people, and pledged myself to them to
expose the corruptions of this Administration;
and I am here, and intend to do it, so help me
God! [Applause.] ■ ■-
I am not dependent on politics for a living. I
am not a place-hunter. I should not care if I was
never elected again. But I intend to carry out,
to the full letter of the law, every pledge which
I made to my people at home. I am responsible
to them, and not to my colleague, or to any one
else upon this floor. And permit mo, in good
humor, to say a word to my colleague who has
interrogated me. He has a right to do it, and I
am perfectly willing to respond; but I will tell
him one thing: that I once heard of a man in Vir-
ginia, in the western part of the State, who made
a very large fortune by attending to his own busi-
ness; [great laughter;] and I heard of another
man, in the eastern part of Virginia, who made
a large fortune by letting other people's business
alone. [Renewed laughter.] So far as I am con-
cerned, I am responsible to my constituents, and
not to my worthy colleague.
I might ask him, with much propriety, a great
many questions. I would ask him whether, after
denouncing Mr. Douglas and his doctrines 011
this floor and before the people, he will vote for
that* gentleman for the Presidency of the United
States, in case he should be nominated by the
Charleston convention ?
Mr. B URNETT. I will answer my colleague's
question. I have no concealments in politics—
none. I am always ready to give the reasons foi
the faith that is 111 me as a public mail. I will
say to my colleague now, that I am not looking
forward to the contingency of the nomination of
Judge Douglas; but that, in that, coming contest,
which will be between Black Republicanism and
national and conservative men, I will set him an
example which he is unwilling to take here. I
shall rally under the flag of any man who may
be nominated at Charleston 111 opposition to Black
Republicanism.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. Well, that
is a great falling back from what you have said
about Judge Douglas.
Mr. BTfRNETT. When my colleague talks
about foiling back, he is mistaken. I say now
that I am utterly opposed to the doctrine of pop-
ular sovereigntyas announced by Judge Douglas.
I believe in the right of the people of a Territory
to determine for themselves whether they will
have slavery or not; but the difference between
Judge Douglas and myself is this: ho says they
may do it while they are living under a tcnitorial
government; 1 say they can only do it when they
come to exercisc the act of sovereignty—that is,
in forming their constitution, and asking admis-
sion into the Union. There I stand.
Now, my cdlleaguo has interrogated me, will
he find fault with me, if, like a Yankee, I ask him
another question?
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. Ask it.
Mr. BURNETT. Would my colleague, if he
had been a member of the Thirty-Fifth Congress,
have voted for the admission of Kansas under the
English bill?
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. No, sir; I
answer emphatically, 110; nary time. [Great
laughter ana applause.]
Mr. BURNETT. Then I will ask my colleague
another question. Did not the candidate of the
gentleman's party for Governor of Kentucky in-
dorse the English bill ?
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. No, sir.
Mr. BURNETT. Your candidate for Governor
did.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. Well, sir, I
expect I know as much about if as my worthy
colleague. I live in the same town as the Hon.
Joshua P. Bell, the candidate of my party for the
governorship. I will state what 1 understood to ]
lie Mr. Bell s position, and if I misstate it, it will
be a misunderstanding between him and myself.
Mr. Bell took the position that he would have
voted for the original bill for the admission of
Kansas as a slave State; but the President stated
that the people would have a right to abolish sla-
very the day after the State was admitted, and
being opposed to that revolutionary movement, •
he would, after that, have voted against it. That
was the position that Mr. Bell took, and took
the further position, that, under the Dred- Scott
decision, which he did not undertake to indorse
nor to repudiate, which is the law of the land,
Congress has power to protect slavery in the Ter-
ritories. That .was Mr. Bell's position. I dis-
agree with Mr. Bell about some things; but I voted
for him because he came nearer to my ideos than
his eompetitor did. He is an old Whig, has lived
a Whig, and intends to die a Whig, and is not
one of those gentlemen who, as I remarked yes-
terday, shed crocodile tears over the grave of
Henry Clay.
Well, now, as I understand my colleague, he
will vote for Mr. Douglas if he is nominated at
Charleston. Now, Mr. Douglas has been de-
nounced by the Democratic party of Kentucky,
and I have no doubt by my distinguished friend,
as a traitor to his party, and his doctrine of squatter
sovereignty has been severely criticised by the
gentleman who holds the office of Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States. And yet my colleague
announces that if this man who has been denounced
as a traitor is nominated at Charleston, he will
vote to place him in the chair of the Presidency
of the United States, with squatter sovereignty
and all. Well, sir, if I denounce aman as a traitor,
ho never will be President with my consent—
never, never1 [Applause.]
Now, upon this subject of the organization of
the House, I want to make a few remarks. I say
to the Democratic party, you can elect a southern
man upon the next ballot, if you will do it, and
that man is John A.'Gilmer, of North Carolina.
Now, to test the sincerity of my colleague, if you
want a combination and do not want to get all
the spoils on your side of the House, we will pre-
sent you with Mr. Gilmer, and give him votes
enough to elect him, with the votes of gentlemen
opposite. Will you do it? My colleague was
mighty willing to answer some questions, but now
he will not answer.
Mr. BURNETT. When my colleague is
through, I will answer all he says, if I can got the
floor.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. Then I un-
derstand that he will not answer now.
Mr. BURNETT. .Not now, sir.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. Well, I will
give him time to consider—the court is not suffi-
ciently advised at present. [Laughter.] Now, I
say that the responsibility docs not rest upon us.
If "you want a slaveholder, we present you with a
southern mail, who owns eighty-six slaves, one
slave for every Democratic vote in the House.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM, (in his seat.) Is
that, then, the reason why some of the Republi-
cans of this House propose to vote for him?
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. True, ho
belonged to the miserable and contemptible Know
Nothing party that my colleague spoke of; but
gentlemen opposite arc perfectly willing to accept
the votes of the members of that miserable, con-
temptible party, although they are not willing to
\pto for 0*110 of their number. Now, that is a
beautiful specimen of politics. [Laughter.] The
Democratic partv ask us to vote for them, and
yet they will not vote for us. I do not allude to
the whole party, oecause some of them have had
the magnanimity to vote for our candidate; but I
venture the assertion that my colleague would
not vote *01- a solitary member of the American
party, if hy could secure his election: But you
have now a man presented to you, I give you fair
warning, whom you can elect on the next ballot,
if you "choose to do-so, and thus organize the
House at once.
Now, sir, I regret that my colleague thought it
necessary to call upon me to answer questions here,
and during this, my first experience m a delibera-
tive body; and 1 regret particularly that I10 should
have found it necessary to allude to my contested
seat upon this floor. I never have, publicly or
privately, approached a single member upon this
floor since i have been 011 this floor on the subject,
nor do I intend to do it. I want 110 man to prejudge
my case. Whuievei ihcMou,seisorganized,lshall
