2182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
merits of the case, unless a motion, which I pro-
pose to make, shall be determined against me.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a question of or-
der. The motion which the gentleman is about to
makcifas been made in the House once, and re-
jected here, or referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions, and argued and rejected there. I object now
to any motion in reference to this case being made.
I conceive that, it is too late to make any motion
about it. It is now before the House, and is only
open for debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman from Nebraska ought to state his motion,
and then we will consider whether it is in order
or not.
Mr. ESTABROOIC. Mr. Speaker, from the
statements and representations of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, it would be made to appear
before this House that I stand herein a somewhat
helpless and hopeless condition, and, under these
circumstances, it seems to me that it would have
been the part of magnanimity to manifest less acri-
mony of feeling, and, at least, to permit me to state
my motion before he objected to it. If I am here
entirely without friends, and am to plead my own
cause, I hope he will permit me to fetate my casp
before he objects. A committee man is supposed
to be cool and impartial, and capable of delibera-
ting and examining a case, and of making a cool,
deliberate,and unimpassioned representation upon
it to the body of which he is a member. If the
gentleman has come to the consideration of this
case m that frame of mind, he has an exceeding-
ly unfortunate way of exhibiting it before this
House.
Sir, the motion which I make is, to recommit
this case to the Committee of Elections; and, with
the permission of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia—if lie is not too uneasy m his seat while I do
it—I will state the grounds of my motion.
Sir, this case progressed before the examining
officer from the 16th day of December to the Gth
of January. On the following day this notice
was given:
In the matter of the contested clcction of Experience E^ta-
krook, as Delegate from (he Territory of Nebraska to the
Thirty-Sixth Congress ; Samuel (!. Daily, contestant.
SiRt In accordance with mv pioinisc, I lose no time in
apprising you of the decision of the counsel for Mr. Dally,
to proceed nofmther for the pn*scut with the examination
ofwitm^ses in lih behalf in pur-uiance of the nonces here-
tofore given. Whether any furthei testimony shall bo taken
in his behalf, is a tjiicMiou reserved lor luriher considera-
tion. You will, of collide, undci -taint that I £h u^lit to do
it without qualification is not intended to be heteby waived
or impaired. Should it he deemed necessary to exercise
it, a new notice to that eifcet will, of <-oiik->V, bo given.
The particular object of this communication, as you are
aware, h to a/lord an oppoitttmiy to \ou to take evidence
on your part without ohiti action 1'ioni us. Dated, January
0, 1800.
Yours, respectfully, ALFRED CONKL1NG,
•Attorney for contestant.
J. T. Kinny, Ksq.j Attorney for AT; ■ Rstabrook.
Now, sir. I may safely appeal to every mem-
ber of the Committee of Elections to state can-
didly whether, at that time, and as the case then
Ktood before the examining ofliu-is, a case was
made out that would have justified the committee
in the conclusion at which they have auuved. I
believe there can be but one response to that ap-
peal, and that is, that at that time no ease had
been made out. Subsequent to that time, all the
testimony which shows that the other party re-
ceived a single vote in the Territoiy; all the testi-
mony which rejects the vote from Buffalo county,
has been stolen into this case, and is revealed for
the first time m the printed testimony which is ex-
hibited here, and without givmg the notice which
the law of 1851 requires. Without giving that no-
tice, this testimony has been produced here under
circumstances that preclude the possibility that 1
can countervail it, or use any of the defenses
against it which are usually presented against rec-
ord evidence. Under circumstances like these, I
appeared before the committee, perfectly confident
that able lawyers as they are would disregard the
testimony which had been thus brought into the
case. But the committee having made a report,
based to a considerable extent upon testimony of
this kind, I immediately sent to the Territory, to
the same officer who has certified evidence of this
character, in order to have him furnish other evi-
dence exhibiting frauds or irregularities of the
same character which had occurred in other por-
tions of the Territory; and, in order that there
might be no delay, I asked, in a memorial to this
House, that the case should be postponed, in order
that I might produce evidence to counteract the
evidence thus brought into the case. "Whether the
committee acted upon that memorial has not been
made apparent to the House.
On Monday last I received a return to my com-
munication from the secretary of the Territory,
and it is that return which I wish now to place
before the committee. It is shown by that com-
munication that, since the election, an act has
been passed by the Legislature of Nebraska to
legalize the organization of the county of Gage,
in which the contestant received forty or fifty
votes, and which county stood, at the time of the
election, in precisely the same condition as the
county of Buffalo. It is also shown that, m the
county of Nemaha, there were fifty-nine illegal
votes cast which have been received and counted
for the contestant. I desire also to present a com-
munication from the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, in regardtu Genoa and in regard
to the reservation of the Pawnees, where twenty-
one votes cast for me have been excluded. I
move, therefore, that the report be recommitted
to the Committee of Elections; and on that mo-
tion I demand the previous question.
Several Members. Oh, no; withdraw that.
Mr. ESTABROOIC. Well, I withdraw the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman piefers to
submit his motion uuder the previous question, I
shall not object.
Mr. ESTABROOIC. No, sir; I withdraw my
demand for the previous question.
Mr. DAWES. I do notnse,Mr. Speaker,for
the purpose of debating the merits of this contest,
but to olfer a few remarks in reply to the partic-
ular motion the gentleman has made to recommit
this case to the Committee of Elections. I have
no desire, and I think 1 speak the feelings of the
entire committee, to deprive the sitting Delegate
of the largest possible opportunity he may in good
faith desire, for a hearing upon the merits of this
case. The history of the case in the committee-
room, and as it appears upon the records, is such
that { am confident the House will justify the
committee in saying they have permitted the sit-
ting Delegate to enjoy as large an opportunity for
the preparation of his case and for the argument
of it, as has been allowed to any gentleman situ-
ated as the Delegate from Nebraska is at this time.
He has taken no testimony whatever, with the
exception, perhaps, of an u n important deposition,
lie placed his omission to take this testimony
entirely upon this single fact: that notwithstand-
ing the contestant had taken testimony, showing
what appeared to the whole committee—for there
is no minority report in this case so far as I know—
one of the grossest instances of fraudulent voting
that has ever come to our knowledge. I say, al-
though the contestant had examined witnesses to
substantiate these facts to an extent that no one
on the committee has desired to controvert them,
yet iho sitting Delegate omitted entirely to take
any testimony on the subject, simply because, as
ho says, he supposed the contestant had made a
blunder, which would be fatal to his case, and
that he could not have a hearing upon the testi-
mony. lie says he went upon that supposition,
and was so advised by his counsel; arid there-
fore whatever evidence there might be, showing
the frauds by winch his election was obtained,
any evidence to controvert such facts, would be
needless to him, because he supposed the contest-
ant had committed the fatal blunder of having
omitted to obtain from the secretary of the Terri-
tory of Nebraska an official statement of the ma-
jontyby which the sitting Delegate was returned
as elected, until after he had given notice to the
sitting Delegate that he would take no further tes-
timony of witnesses. Therefore whatever frauds
might be shown, he did not seem to have the least
trouble about it; he did not seem to be sensitive
at all with reference to the evidence produced by
the contestant) that whole counties, without a sin-
gle vote in them, had been returned with majori-
ties ranging from 25 up to 292 for him.
So long as he believed the contestant had made
this fatal blunder of not showing his official ma-
jority, he was quite satisfied to let the imputations
of fraud go uncontradicted. He seemed to have
continued in that satisfied condition of mind until,
when summoned before the committee, he found
the official certificate of the secretary of the Ter-
ritory among th e records, and also found that it was
an established precedent m the House that official
papers could be produced atany time. Neverthe-
less, the gentleman went to the hearing before the
committee, upon that state of facts, understanding
justwhat the testimony was,relying uponhis abil-
ity, as he said in his memorial to the House, to con-
vince the committee that they ought to reject the
official certificate of the secretary of the Territory
of Nebraska, notwithstanding all the precedents
were to the contrary, and notwithstanding in the
last Congress a certificate precisely like this was
admitted in the case of Vallandigham and Camp-
bell upon full argument. Yethesays,rel)^pgupon
the fact that he was addressing lawyers, he thought
he could convinco nine lawyers that, because the
contestant had fallen into what he himself sun-
posed was a blunder, therefore they should re-
ject and disregard all his accumulated testimony,
showing beyond controversy the fraudulent pro-
cesses by which the sitting Delegate was returned
as elected by a majority of 300.
Well, having gone before the committee, and'
having argued that point as long as he desired,
.and the committee having patiently, I think he
will say, listened to all his arguments, they fol-
lowing all the precedents of Congress upon the
subject, received the certificate of the secretary
of the Territory. Here is the certificate of the
secretary of Nebraska Territory:
Secrf.tary's Office, Omaha City,
January 19,1860.
I certify that the foregoing abstract of votes polled at the
general election, held in this Territory on the 11th day of
October, A. 1). 1S59, is a true and correct copy of that ab-
stract, as returned to mehy the Governor and board of can-
vassers for the Territory aforesaid.
In testimony whereof, witness my hand and the great
seal of the Territory of Nebraska hereunto affixed.
[l, a.] Done at Omaha, on this the 19th day of January, A.
D. 18G0. J. STERLING MORTON,
Secretary of Nebraska.
By that abstract, it appears that the sitting
Delegate had three hundred majority, and the
evidence is incontrovertible that more than that
number of votes counted for the sitting Delegate
were bogus. The sitting Delegate stated, as his
ground for asking a continuance, that if he had
known that his certificate would be admitted, he
would have taken testimony to controvert these
frauds. He does not controvert the certificate.
He admits it. He admits that it is true, in point
of fact. When the question was put to him,
over and over again, in the committee-room,
whether he denied the certificate, his answer was
thathe was not a witness on the stand.
Mr. ESTABROOIC. When the question was
first put to me, I made that answer. Subse-
quently, during the argument of the motion I
made, when the question was put to me, I stated
that if this had been a proper certificate, with the
proper returns, then the irregularities and frauds
of which I complain would be apparent. My
vote would then have been shown to be 100 votes
greater than it is there put down. By the law of
Nebraska, the returns of votes are to be made,
not to the secretary of the Territory—and he has
nothing whatever to do with them—but to the
Governor. I allege that this is a record which
does not come from the proper custodian of the
returns. It is merely a copy of an abstract, and
not the abstract itself, as was the case in the con-
tested election between Campbell and Vallan-
digham. I do not complain alone of the intro-
duction of that record. Now, in regard to Buffalo
county. The testimony of Governor Black shows
conclusively that everything was regular. The
only thing that casts a doubt on the subject is
the introduction, as a record, of that which really
is nothing more than votes of a private meeting
held in that county.
Mr. DAWES. A few words more and I will
yield. I do not undcistand the gentleman to say
now that this certificate is false in point of fact.
He says that if there were a full copy of the re-
turns instead of an abstract, there would appear
upon the face of the returns of some of the coun-
ties such irregularities as would justify the com-
mittee in throwing them out. His complaint is,
not that the certificate was not obtained within
the time, but he says that it ought to have been
procured by an examination of the secretary of
the Territory and by a deposition of the officers,
taken under oath.
Mr. ESTABROOK here made some remarks,
entirely inaudible to the reporters.
