1288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
to hold out until he could send him succor in
April. The dispatch may not be correct, but it
is one of the rumors which has received currency
in connection with this subject.
But-the purpose for which I rose was not par-
ticularly to dwell upon our difficulties with Mex-
ico, though I may state the further fact, that ours
is a boundary between two nations; a boundary
upon which there is hostility of feeling; a bound-
ary upon which adventurers of our own country
congregate, and upon which Mexican smugglers
congregate. So there is sufficient necessity for a
force there to overawe these elements upon the
Mexican frontier. With proper detachments, of
artillery and dragoons from the regular Army,
these evils might be remedied and the peace pre-
served. But I believe that unless a sufficient force,
under the direction of a discreet officer, is placed
upon that frontier, there is imminent danger that
these two nations will be involved in war—a
thing to be deprecated and avoided by all.
But it seems to be supposed, since there is a
great deal of talk about our difficulties with Mex-
ico, that that is the sole or controlling object we
have in view in asking for this regiment. If that
opinion prevails, it is erroneous. It is true, and
ought to be known, and doubtless is known to
members of the House who were hero last ses-
sion—for I made the best presentation of the sub-
ject I could, during that time—that there has been
a continuing state of Indian hostilities upon the
borders of Texas for the last four or five years. It
is true, though it seems not to be comprchendpd,
that during the last eighteen months wo have had
two bloody battles with the Indiafis, in each of
which more than seventy Indians fell, and a num-
ber of whites.
It is also true—and the fact appears in the doc-
uments in the "War and Interior Departments—
that hundreds of thousands of dollars'worth of
property has been stolen from the people by
these Indians; that there is not a month in which
some of the people of that frontier are not killed
or carried away into captivity, and their property
destroyed or carried away. There is a universal
sense of insecurity and danger. Earnest appeals
come by every mail to the Senators and Repre-
sentatives from ihat State, inquiring why this
Government willnotafford them protection. Why,
sir, within the last six weeks, and within one
hundred miles of the State capital, four ladies
were attacked by Indians, and carried into cap-
tivity. Two of them were found by the pursu-
ers of the Indians, dead; but the others have not
been heard from. In a neighborhood close by,
two other ladies were captured; a portion of their
clothes were found, but they themselves were car-
ried into captivity. Now the correspondence in
the War Department and Interior Department
shows that these are continual occurrences.
It is answered, that we have a regular force
upon that frontier; and it may be said that the
regular Army is sufficient to afford us protection.
Now, I wish to state that when the Mormon diffi-
culty broke out, the most efficient troops we had
were the cavalry. Those troops were ordered to
Utah. My colleague at that time in this House,
and the Senators from Texas in the other end of
the Capitol, entered a solemn written protest with
the Secretary of War against that removal, repre-
senting that our pcople"were being murdered, and
their property destroyed. And even when they
were there, they were inadequate to our protection.
Prom 1855 up to this time, I wish it understood
j^y the House, the several Governors of Texas, in
answer to continued appeals from the people upon
the frontier for protection, have ordered company
after companyiuto the field to protect that ex-
posed and defenseless frontier. Our State incurred
hundreds of thousands of dollars' expense. We
applied last Congress for a reimbursement of a
portion of that expense, and we were paid only
855,000 out of an expenditure of §185,000. The
State has had to go on spending additional sums
of money in order to give protection to life and
property there.
If the murders committed on the frontier of
Texas in one single month were committed on
the borders of Pennsylvania and Virginia, this
whole nation would be horrified at the fact of such
murders. Yetbecause our people are far removed
from the Federal capital; because you cannot see
their blood flowing on the soil; because it is not
your wives and your children that are being mur-
dered and carried into captivity; because it is not
your property that is being stolen, you do not
seem to realize that there is a necessity for frontier
defenses. It is but the cavalry arm of the servico
that is of any use in defending the people against
Indian hostilities. Artillery cannot be brought
to operate against them. Infantry is utterly use-
less. The Indians understand that; for they will
come into the immediate vicinity of infantry and
commit depredations, and murders,and outrages
on our women and children. They know that,
with the slow movements of infantry, they can
commit crimes with impunity.
The Indians must be dealt with in a different
manner. The Government has tried treaties with
them. It has tried to civilize them. It has fur-
nished them with reserves, in order to encourage
them to cultivate land and become civilized. But
still these murders went on. Then the Govern-
ment made an effort to remove the Indians from
the reserves in Texas, to a country secured for
that purpose on the north side of the Red river.
But this only seemed to exasperate them. They
return from there and commit their depredations;
and I have seen it stated in a paper, that arrived
by the last mail from the frontier, that there were
one hundred and fifty Indians advancing on the
frontier of the Upper Brazos. The people were
greatly alarmed at the danger of attack, and were
preparing to meet it. The people themselves, not
being able to get the Governor to incur additional
expenses, are now organizing companies for their
defense. But I submit that is not just to require
them to abandon their homos and their crops,and
the immediateprotection of their families, in order
to defend themselves. It is the duty of the Gov-
ernment to give them protection. Humanity and
justice demand protection for them.
There is one other point of view, Mr. Speaker,
which I must not omit to mention, before closing
the few remarks that I am submitting. It is this :
The lino of operations must be changed. Hos-
tilities must be pressed against the Indians by a
force of a character and capacity to pursue them
to their haunts upon the plains and rivers north
of us, chastise them there,and visitthere on them
the effects of their continual marauding on our
population. That is the only way we can expect
repose. For that purpose, sir, it is necessary, as
all men acquainted with the nature and charac-
ter of military defenses understand, to putin
pursuit of thein ill the spring, or early part of the
summer, light,activc mounted troops, acquainted
with frontier life, acquainted with the habits and
mode of warfare of the Indians—troops that can
pursue them, and that can and will punish them.
It is for this reason that we think and feel sat-
isfied—and in this the experience of all men ac-
customed to frontier life accords with what I say—
that if the Government give the desired regiment,
and give it promptly, let it bo mustered into ser-
vice in time, and make a campaign this spring and
summer, the Indians can be chastised, and can be
driven to the necessity of suspending their hostil-
ities against us. The President can then, under
this bill, disband the troops so soon as the neces-
sity for their services ceases to exist. I think
that a single campaign of six months will secure
repose on the frontier; but if that be not sufficient
time, the President may, under the bill passed by
the last Congress, in his discretion, continue the
service for eighteen months. It is for the full
period of eighteen months that appropriations are
proposed to be made.
1 beg gentlemen not to lot mere prejudice, in
regard to what committee ought to consider this
matter, control their action. I beg them not to
consider it in a merely partisan light; but as cit-
izens of this Government, who have high duties
to perform as Representatives of the people, and
are to be held responsible for the proper perform-
ance of them. I begtlicm, if they can,in imagin-
ation, to transfer themselves and their families to
a frontier attacked by hostile savages. Let them
imagine their families stricken down; their wives
carried into captivity; their children torn from the
homes of their parents, and raised as captives in
Indian barbarities. Let them think of their own
lot under such circumstances, and I am persuaded
they will consent to have the State of Texas pro-
tected. It is to be borne in mind that the frontier
extends from Red river of northern Texas, by its
meanderings, many hundred miles, till it reaches
the Rio Grande; and that, by affording protection
in this way to the population of the frontier, the
regular forces can be transferred to the Rio Grande
country to keep the peace between Mexico and
the United States.
I trust, Mr. Speaker, that as the Committee on
Military Affairs has already before it two propo-
sitions from this House; as it has already had its
attention called to this matter, and will doubtless
have to go deeply into its investigation; and as
this amendment relates to military defenses, and
involves the necessity of investigating the condi-
tion of our frontier defenses, the control of the
subject will be given to that committee. It is true
sity that gives rise to it. 1 propound the ques-
tion to the Committee of Ways and Means as to
whether that committee can devote sufficient of
its time to this matter. That committee has most
important duties. It is charged with the most
onerous and severe duties of all the other com-
mittees of the House. Will it consent to take up
tho papers in connection with this matter, and
consider the necessities of our military defenses ?
There are military questions involved in this
matter, the consideration of which I apprehend
the Committee of Ways and Means -would find
incompatible with their other duties. I have no
idea as to what view of this question the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs may take. It is not
from any preconceived notion as to whether that
committee may report favorably or unfavorably
that I ask for the reference of this matter to it. It
is because that committee has already the subject
before it, and will make the necessary report to
the House. Tho House will be, I am sure, dis-
posed to rely on that report, going into the facts
ofthecaseand showing whetherthe appropriation
ought or ought not to be made.
I trust, therefore, that the matter will be per-
mitted to take that direction, in order that we
may have the speedy, prompt action upon it
which the emergency requires.
Mr. COX. In speaking to the motion to refer
the bill and amendment under consideration, I
premise that, before that vote can be intelligently
taken, our relations with Mexico must be consid-
ered; and that, too, in all their bearings. If the
Ways and Means have not the leisure to devote
to this consideration, the Military Committee,
which has before it the facts connected with the
movementson ourMcxican border, should devote
their time to a full examination. If it be objected
that this discussion of our relations with Mexico
is inappropriate on this motion, I say that the late
news from Vera Cruz, before which Miramon is
now hovering with his army, and the projected
armistice tendered by England to the belligerents,
make it important that at no other point of the
Mexican boundary should these relations be com-
plicated. Mexicans and Indians are devastating
the Rio Grande country. The Governor of Texas
asks Federal aid. If it be not granted, he threat-
ens to conquer a peace on Mexican soil. A war
with Mexico, as its result, would not only em-
barrass the relations of this country with respect
to the late treaty; but it concerns the honor and
interests of our citizens Commorant in Mexico.
Europe has her continental politics; America
has hers. England sends embassadors, and
France armies, to Italy; the one to forestall and
foil Austria, the other to fight her; and both to
rescue Italy, as well from her invaders as from
her own immoderation. We have our Italy. Not
alone is Mexico our Italy by. her natural beauty,
production, soil, sky, romance, and history; but
Mexico is our political Italy. She is torn to
shreds by those who are fighting over the parting
of her garments.
Such is the present condition of Mexico; and
such is our interest in it, that we cannot be either
idle or indifferent to its fate. It is one of those
cases of great public distress which lies at our very
doors. We cannot avoid seeing it. It is in our
path, as an obstruction to our progress and a men-
ace to our peace. Self-interest, if not republican
sympathy, demands from us for Mexico our quick-
est heart throb and our most active intervention.
Mr. BOYCE. Mexico is our "sick man."
Mr. COX. Yes; she is to America what Tur-
key is to Europe. If she be not healed of her
wdunds and set-upright on her progressive path,
