1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
county. If this be not the just and proper construction of
the iaw, why icquire the poil books lobe seated when they
pass out of the hands ot tho judges of election? If a cor-
rection can be made nine days alter the poll-books are un-
sealed and opened to the inspection of whoever may choope
to examine them, or after they have been taken outcf the
clerk's office, there would be but little efficacy in requunig
them to be sealed in the first instance.
"If such additional tetmns are legal, the State board of
examines would be bound to receive and act on whatever
correction should he made before their ccitificates were
given; and as their functions are confined to the summing
up the votes, they would be precluded from «tny inquiry as
to the manner in which such corrections wore brought
about. They could not institute an inquiry as to whether
or not the poll-books had been changed or altered aiter the
seals were broken and they had pas cd into other hands
than the examiners. The amended ceitificates would, in
all eases,necessarily be conclusive on the examineishere.
(< We think, theiefoic, it is> clear, when the county board
have acted on the poll books of the whole county, and de-
livered their certificates lo the clerk, who has tiansnutted
them to the seeietaiy, that their functions cease, and tln.y
have no powet to iecall 01 change those certificates.
Their statement of the principle on which their
opinion rests is, as I have attempted to show, in
direct conflict of along scries of well-established
judicial opinions. It denies the power of State
or county hoards to correct errors; or, if a mis-
take has been made, to certify the truth. It
puts the elective franchise in the keeping of a
county board, and no redress is to bo had by the
duly elected Representative of the people on this
floor, however great fiis majority, if a mistake is
made by the county board m their first ceitificatc,
except by cin expensive and tedious contest before
this House. Sir, I will resist this principle so
long as my tongue can articulate resistance. I
will make war upon it as wrong in principle and
ruinous in practice to popular right.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I have listened
with a great deal of interest to the gentleman's
argument. It is a very able one; but, sir, I fail
to sec its application to this case, when the whole
committee, the majority us well as the minority,
have gone right behind that certificate and exam-
ined into the question of how many voted and of-
fered to vote at the several precincts in that con-
gressional district, and have themselves counted
on one side and on the other every legal vote of-
fered in that district. Now, sir, because the ma-
jority of the committee have come to the conclu-
sion that tiie State board did right when they
camo to give the certificate; did right in counting
only the votes returned according to the provis-
ions of the law; votes returned m the manner and
at the time prescribed by law, the certificate itself
not being conclusive—being only prima facie evi-
dence of the right to a seat—the committee all
agreeing that, notwithstanding that, if is their duty
to go behind that certificate and to decide for them-
selves which of these two men has been legally
elected, regardless of the certificate, it is, I repeat,
hardly justice to the committee to say that no
matter what frauds are committed, no matter what
may be the voicc of the district, unless that voice
happens to be returned at a particular time and in
a particular way, the majority hold that the district
is to be disfranchised. No such position is claimed
by the majority of the committee. On the other
hand, they repudiate it. They base their report and
their conclusions entirely, whether just or unjust,
whether satisfactory or not to other members of
the House, upon the ground that the majority of
the legal voters in that district cast their votes for
the sitting member. They have said that tfiey |
thought the State board, in dischaiging theirfunc- j
tion of counting the votes and giving certificates, j
were confined to those votes returned to them at >
a particular time and in a particular way pre- |
scribcd by law, but that, nevertheless, our duty j
was quite another one. ]
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman from Massa- |
chusetts has referred to what lias been a subject ■
of doubt with me. It would seem to be the view ;
of the majority, as well as of the minority of the
committee, after an inspection of the return, that
that return, upon its face, would give the seat to
the contestant.
Mr. DAWES. I stated a few moments since,
■when intcrruptingthe gentleman from Kentucky,
and I do not know whether the gentleman from j
Virginia was in or not, that the majority of the
committor; did not admit that to be the fact. The !
majonty of the committee claim that an inspec- I
tion of the returns and a correction of all mis- i
takes would stiil leave a majority for the sitting j
member. There was a glaung mistake which j
attracted the attention of the friends of the con- '
testant first; and 110 other mistake was disclosed
until after tliey went into the investigation, and
this mistake corrected, as my friend from Ken-
tucky says, would leave the contestant entitled to
the seat by seven majority. A further examina-
tion, however, showed other mistakes patent upon
the face of the poll, and to which the attention of
nobody had at first been attracted. There were
mistakes made in counting up columns, and in
other ways, and the majority of the committee
claim that, on a correction of all the mistakes, the
sitting member is shown to be entitled to his seat.
Mr. MILLSO.N. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman whether the votes stricken from the polls
were stricken from the polls by a vote of the com-
mittee sitting in judgment 011 each vote returned ?
Mr. STEVENSON. I will answer my friend
from Virginia, and I will correct the mistakes of
both ofmy friends [Messrs.DaWEsandSTRATTON]
on the Committee of Elections. 1 will leave it then
to the House to say whether I am right or wrong
in my legal deductions. I say that if you count
the recorded vote as it appears on the poll-books,
change no vote, and make no additions, but look
to all the amended returns of the county boards,
the contestant is entitled to the scat now occupied
by the sitting member. The. State board, in their
certificate, say so. Understand my proposition,
and we cannot disagree. I say that the State board
would have given the contestant the certificate
upon the amended returns made to them if they
had been of the opinion that the county boards
had the right to correct errors, or the State board
possessed the authority to receive these amended
returns. The gcntlomanfrom Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] says that he admits that; and that is all
my friend from Virginia desired to know.
Mr. DAWES. I do admit that at that time,
and at the time the State board gave their certifi-
cate, one mistake was pointed out. The other
mistakes developed themselves m the course of
the investigation. Only one mistake was pointed
out to the State board before they granted their
certificate, and this was after the county can-
vassers had mode their returns; but there were
other mistakes quite as apparent, so soon as a
man put his eyes upon the place where they ex-
isted. If the State board had had all the mistakes
pointed out to them, it is the opinion of the ma-
jority of the committee that they must have given
the certificate to the sitting member.
Mr. MILLSON. I want to know whether the
committee, by its own act, determined upon the
validity or legality of the votes rejected?
Mr. DAWES. I am rather discharging the
duty ol my colleague, to whom this case was in-
trusted by the committee; but I will reply to the
interrogatory of the gentleman from Virginia,
The committee first passed upon the correction of
the polls, and they came to the conclusion, as
stated m the report, that correcting the polls,
without regard to the question whether votes were
legal or not, would leave a majority of 7 votes
for the sitting member. They then took up the
lists of the sitting member and the contestant, and
passed upon the several challenges in the manner
referred to m the report.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined, and
found truly enrolled, an act (11. It. No. 407) grant-
ing an invalid pension to Ezekiel Jones; when
the Speaker signed the same.
KENTUCKY CONTESTED ELECTION" AGAIN.
Mr. DAWES. I understand the gentleman
from Vnginia to inquire whether the committee
took up each individual vote, discussed the merits
of thjtvote, and then voted on it. 1 will say,that
they took the opinion of each member of the com-
mittee for himself, and each made up his own
judgment upon the votes; and then they came
into the committee, and a majority of the commit-
tee decided it, coming to the conclusion that so
many votes, as reported, were illegal upon each
side. But they did not discussm committee,and
passed no separate votes upon the merits of any
particular voter.
Mr. MILLSON. How could the committee,
not acting as a committee, reject a number of
votes ?
Mr. DAWES. The '•ommHtce could say that
there were ten illegal votes, I take it for granted.
A majority of the committee said that there were
so many illegal votes cast for Chrisman, and a
majority of the .committee said that so many ille-
gal votes were cast for Anderson. They author-
ized one of their number to draw up a report, and
instructed him to put into the report the names
of these men; and then the majority .of the com-
mittee passed upon the report, and said that those
were the names. So, in point of -fact, they passed
upon each voter, but they did it in the way I have
stated.
Mr. CHRISMAN, (contestant.) I desire to
ask the gentleman whether the table, of illegal
voters is not in the handwriting of the sitting
member?
Mr. DAWES. I never saw the name of a sin-
gle voter written by the sitting member, or by the
contestant. I never got the views of the sitting
member or of the contestant in any way what-
ever, except as they were offered publicly before
the whole committee in the committee-room. I
took up this case independently of any other-mem-
ber of the committee, and independently of the
sitting member and of the contestant. I came to
my conclusions precisely as I have stated here;
and, so far as my knowledge extends, that was the
way cach member of the committee did, and then
we compared notes, and this is the result.
Mr. STEVENSON. If this little episode is
ended, I will go back to the point I was about to
make with my friend from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes.] He thinks I did the committee injustice
in«ny statement that a majority indorsed an un-
warranted and illegal proposition, when they say
that when a particular day upon which a minis-
terial act is to be performed by a public officer,-
for the public good, expires, no authority exists
to perform that duty afterwards.
Mr. DAWES. I stated that he did us injustice
when he said that we took the position that the
electors of the fourth congressional district of
Kentucky were to be disfranchised because of
this. 1 said that it was the opinion of a majority
of the committee that it was the duty of the State
canvassers, who are ministerial officers, required
bylaw to count such votes as are returned to them,
to count them themselves. But it was quite an-
other thing for us; and so far as we were con-
cerned, no legal voter in the fourth congressional
district of Kentucky should be disfranchised be-
cause of fraud or mistake in that.
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman says I
did not state his argument correctly. I wish to
do him no injustice. I do not think I have done
so. I repeat the proposition the gentleman has
indorsed, so that the House may comprehend it.
It is, that the certificate of the returns of an elec-
tion, forwarded by a county board of examiners,
is conclusive upon the State board; and that, if
there is a fraud or a mistake in the returns—if it
be discovered by this county board after their first
return had been made to the State board, and be-
fore their action, thnt some of the poll-books of
certain precincts had been abstracted and were not
before them m their first count—still that they
possess no power to issue an amended certificate
to the State boaid to correct such fraud or mis-
take; but that the State board as well as the pub-
lic, including the candidates, are bound by the
vice in their first return, and the only remedy is
by an expensive contest before this House. Is
not that postulate startling? Here is a ministerial
board of county canvassers, directed and em-
powered by statute to count the votes; and yet
the gentleman contends that if the poil-booksare
discovered to have been impiopeily changed, or
if the clerk's office is bioken into and poll-books
fiom some of tln-precincts mipropeily abstracted,
that tli. county board cannot, even though such
discovery be made after their first return, but
! befor" the. State board acts, correct any error in
j their first returns. Why? On what basis does
such a legal anomaly rest? How does any board
become discharged from the faithful performance
of a public duty from a failure to do it on a speci-
fied day or at a particular hour? Where is the
statute in Kentucky, or elsewhere, that would so
mock at popular right, and make the law an in-
strument of untold mischief and irreparable wrong
to constituency and Representatives everywhere*
I say no such piineiple is sanctioned by law. J
[ sfty if a majnr.sy of th * !:< .■ .<■ jo ihii>
i Chamber and on ih'.>/!'*•>,— i. u.e.M i .-^rd *d-he
j citadel of popuUu nj>hiin our (j-overnmcnt-r-upon
I such a miserable technicality, attempt to whistle
