1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1239
she must become, not the " sick man" merely,
but the dead man, whose very corpse will arrest
our steps, taint the air, and poison our own politi-
cal system. To save her, she must be inoculated,
with American energy. To save her!—alas ! is
she not already a wreck, whose disparted ribs and
crashing timbers, tossed on the wild wave of an-
archy, endanger the safety of her neighbors?
"When the Spanish American provinces, forty
years ago, revolted against their mother country,
this nation inaugurated a continental policy. It
bears the name of our most sagacious and calm
statesman—the Monroe doctrine. It forbids Eu-
ropean interference in the national affairs of this
continemt. That doctrine has, with the nations
of this continent, a sanction equal to international
law. It has done good service. Silent as the tides,
yet as potent, it has swayed millions by its influ-
ences and effluences. That policy can be amended
and enlarged. Prom its serene quietism, its silent
emphasis, folded arms, frowning face, and warn-
ing gesture, it should be aroused to earnest protest
and armed interference. So far as Mexico is con-
cerned, this must be done; if we do not do it,
other nations will. As I have befom, said on this
floor, if Mexico completes the suicide which she
has begun, her estate will be left for administra-
tion. Shall it be administered by strangers? Shall
it inure to the benefit of those who arc neither
akin to her by political sympathy, nor neighbors
in interest or destiny? This is the problem which
the statesmanship of the present time is urged to
solve. ' ,
My solution, sir, is not new to this House. I
submitted it, with great deference, in a speech on
" territorial expansion "«an the 18th of January,
• 1359. I urged that our interest lay, first, m
Mexico's erect and orderly independence; and
secondly, if that were not possible, then that no
Power but our own should guard its weakness
and administer its estate. Since then, by the in-
exorable logic of events, my position has been
strengthened and my conclusions confirmed. In
seconding the views of the President last year, I
urged that we had abundant cause for hostility
against the Miramon government, then and yet
holding the capital. I was ready to vote for any
system'of reprisal to bring about a settlement of
our claims. I was ready to give the Executive
power to punish the atrocities perpetrated upon
our citizens domiciliated in Mexico. I may be
pardoned for quoting from my own remarks, in
order to show the events which followed:
" I say that I am ready to vote for such1reprisai or occu-
pation. But I have considered these parties in Mexico
with the view of qualifying this declaration. I believe that
it wouid he best, at once, to recognize the Juarez consti-
tutional government, by the most solemn assurances of
sympathy and protection. The late news makes this step
imminently urgent. This can be done, first, by the prompt
recognition of Mata, who is here seeking such recognition;
second, by the sending of a naval force to the Gult', where
we are unrepresented. Thisforco should be accompanied
by a commissioner to treat with the Juarez government;
to counteract the influence of the allied fleets now aiding
Miramon and Robles, and threatening Juarez; and with
the latter to cement an alliance, and to obtain such a set-
tlement of our claims and difficulties as will comport with
our interest and honor. I have the suiost authority for
a saying that such an arrangement would give us, not only a
firm unionwith Mexico, not only postal and extradition and
right of way treaties, not only a foothold in the northern
Mexican States, which can be made permanent without
war; but it would foil every attempt of the Knropean alli-
ance to control the affairs of'Mexico. It would crush the
Robles-Miramon government, elevate and organize the
democratic American sentiment, and give us an alliance
of peace, which is the precursor of a magnificent com-
merce."
I need not say how this programme has been
carried out by our Executive. It is now history.
Tho President has pursued the wisest policy pos-
sible. He is clear now, and for the future, of all
blame for these coriiplications. A year hence and
his policy no one will question. In three months
afterwards he recognized the Juarez, government.
This was the government de jure and de facto.
This recognition was followed by the appearance
of Mr. McLane, and a naval force at Vera Cruz.
This was succeeded by the advantageous treaty
now before the Senate and the country. If that
treaty be confirmed, not alone will our commerce
grow from its languishing condition of some
eight million to some twenty million per annum,
which it was in 1835; but the highways of the
continent will bo over Mexico. These highways
will draw to them a by-trade of increased inter-
course. They will inaugurate an enterprise in
asrriculture, cosnmcrcc, and mining) which will
make Mexico as much a useful dependency upon
us as ever India was upon England.
What remains to be done, to bring about a con-
summation so splendid on a theater so magnifi-
cent ? What remains to give us our proper control
from the Rio Grande to the very gates of Panama ?
Already the Central American imbroglio is ended.
Great Britain has restored the Bay Islands to Hon-
duras. She has, informally at least, relinquished
the Musquito protectorate. Honduras and Nica-
ragua will then be independent of foreign interven-
tion. New Granada opened her Congress on the
last of February, I860; and we may soon hear
that the Cass-Herran treaty is confirmed. Ail
theft remains for us is to give practical annexa-
tion to Mexico, as we have to Canada, by our re-
ciprocal free trade. Cuba gravitates every year
nearer to this continent. With the Gulf ours, from
Florida all around to Yucatan, the key must be
ours. A practical solution by us of Mexican pol-
itics will not be unheeded by the people of Cuba,
and will compel a mutuality in commerce and
comity between them and our own country. Then
we make the northern part of this whole conti-
nent ours by every tie of interest in the present,
and ours in the fullness of time by closer bonds
of political federation!
I propose to show that it is absolutely neces-
sary for us tinterfere in Mexico; demanded alike
by national honor, by national interests, and self-
protection. I will show that no interference can
be effectual which does not look to the actual pedis
possessio of the country by our troops. Either
Mexico must roll back under the dark rule of
brigandage, which creates anarchy for its own ag-
grandizement, or she must become Americanized
with a recognized foreign ruling element in the
country. It is either annihilation, or resurrection
under our auspices.
To show this, I will ask you to take a glance
at the condition of Mexico. If this glance does
not suffice to arouse us from our present chronic
apathy about j^Ioxican affairs, we may as well
yield our predominance at once on this continent,
confess that Europe is fitted to take care of this
" new Atlantis," and that our schemes of com-
merce, progress, and empire, arc a failure and a
delusion !
In arriving at the condition of Mexico, it will
bo necessary to epitomize her eventful history. I
propose to do this briefly under three epochs. •
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a question of order.
The only question before us, is the reference of
the appropriation bill to one or the other com-
mittee. It is not in order to discuss the condition
of Mexico in general.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman could know my
speech from the beginning to tho end, lie would
sec that I intend to apply my remarks, in the end,
to the question of reference. The peace of our
frontier is essential to the treaty and other rela-
tions with Mexico. I wish the matter referred to
that committee which will give it the fullest exam-
ination.
Mr. BOYCE. I hope the gentleman will bo
allowed to go on with his most interesting and
useful discussion.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. The condi-
tion of our frontier opens up all our interests in
Mexico. I trust that the gentleman from Ohio
may be permitted to proceed.
Mr. COX. The first epoch is from the Spanish
invasion to the revolution against Spain,in 1824.
Much may be pardoned to Mexico, when we re-
member the heritage of misery which Spain left to
her. Making eveiy allowance for exaggeration,
there is no doubt that tho Spaniards found a re-
markable civilization at the discovery. Whether
it belonged to an ancient race or not, it was there,
with its polity, its religion, its comforts, and its
wealth. The highest avarice of Cortez, his fol-
lowers, and viceroyal successors, was stimulated
by its affluence. The same extraordinary efforts
which they made to,achieve its conquest, were cm-
ployed in draining the country of its resources. In
this all-absorbing avarice—an avaricc which had
no limit and knew no mercy—which was checked
only by its glutted and bloated repletion, is to be
found the seeds of that disease and disaster which
now weaken, distract, and mutilate Mexico. The
motto seems to have been: " Jfada est mala que
pana la plata;" nothing is evil which "pays."
Cinder its sway, the most unprincipled set of po-
litical robbers, cut-throats, and intriguers, were
warmed into life. This heritage of avarice has
been enjoyed, too; by strangers. The very min-
isters, as well as merchants, from abroad, were
seized by it. Their aim has been to watch for the
advent of each successive power, only the more
. readily to make profitable transactions with the
government of the day, and to provide for another
chance with the government of the morrow.
As a consequence, the people, whose produc-
tion furnished the means for this avarice, finally
lost their submissive patience. The Spanish gran-
dees, the Gapuchins—less than one fifth of the pop-
ulation—were the beneficiaries of these schemes.
The Indian and mixed population was the source
whence this barbarity, blood, sweat, and treasure
were extracted. In 1810, the first revolt, under
Hidalgo, took place., The cry was: " Death to
the Gapuchins f" A war of races began; and out
of it came thewar of independence. This raged
until 1821, when Iturbide assumed the imperial
robes; only to impurple them more deeply m his
own blood. The ax which cut off the head of
Agustin I. carved out the Federal Republic, with
Vittoria as its first President, in 1825.
Under the second epoch, I will include all those
vicissitudes of Mexican history until the forma-
tion of the new constitution on the 5th of Febru-
ary, 1857, of which Juarez is now the constitu-
tional President. During these thirty-two years,
there can be traced in perpetual array, two parties.
They were the natural offspring of the old and
tho new order of things. The Central, despotic,
or monarchical party, which has had the wealth-
ier, foreign, talented and non-producing classes in
its midst, arc on the one side. On the Other, is
the Federal, Constitutional, or democratic party,
which has had the native, poorer and producing
population. The Central ists have favored a strong
Government at the capital, whore most of them re-
side, and whore most of the wealth and educated
talent arc located. The Constitutional party disfa-
vored all central influence as well as foreign; strove
to distribute the eentral power among the States,
and to clothe with franchises the local communities.
This party looked less to the aggrandizement of
the few, and more to the happiness of the many.
But it has ever been under a cloud. The power of
station, wealth, and education, 1ms been brought
to bear upon the numbers; and the numbers have
succumbed. The army, foreign diplomacy, and
the revenue, were, at the call of the Centralists.
They have aroused and used the prejudices of the
people against the United States. .They have
agents now in Europe, as I can show, trying to
dispose of the sovereignty of Mexico to a Spanish
prince. They have just made a treaty with the
Q.uecn of Spain. The Constitutional party have
welcomed our sympathy and rejected foreign in-
fluence. Santa Anna, a miser, a soldier, and a
scoundrel, was and is the representative man of
the Centralists. Juarez, an Indian, a gentleman,
and a civilian, is to-day the representative man
of the Constitutionalists.
I do not mean to say that these party lines are
distinctly traceable throughout these years of
Mexican independence. To an " outsider," these
parties arc but the hubbub, the "bullanga," of
conflicting and quarreling soldiery. They are
like certain rivers, which enjoy the light for a
distance and then dise^pear under ground, and
again reappear, only to confound and vex tho
adventurer. But they are the same streams. A
close analysis will educe their primary elements,
and detect their distinguishing characteristics.
It is a mistake to c?ll this contest a war of
religion and races. It is a contest of principles.
Indians and whites are upon both sides, and all
arc Catholics. The Church has as much to fear
from the exactions of its pretended defenders as
from their opponents. The United States only
has the system which can guaranty to -the Church
its vested rights, if they are endangered by either
party. It is no war of races. The races are too
much intermingled to war.
Of pure Europeans in Mexico, there arc one fifth, 1,656,630
Of natives or indigenous race, four fifteenths 2,208,824
Of mixed native and European 4,417,644
S,283,088
Of this number, at least nine tenths are of the
Constitutional party.
During this epoch, Mexico has had thirty-five
Go vernments, and seventy-two Executives! Only
two of her Executives have ever served a full
