1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. DAWES. Well, Mr. Speaker, the com-
mittee heard the gentleman and heard him fully,
and they came to the conclusion that, in order to
frant the prayer of his petition that his case might
e referred back to Nebraska to take the testimony
which he proposed to take, because he kept still
while ho supposed the contestant was falling into
a blunder, the committee must depart from every
precedent established since the statute of 1851
was enacted. Precisely such an abstract as this,
almost ill h(zc verba, was introduced in the case of
Vallandigham and Campbell in the last Congress;
obtained too, after the sixty days had expired,
and wajjj^hen the subject of discussion. It was
the basis of the report upon which that case was
decided.
Mr. ESTABROOK. I deny that.
Mr. DAWES. Will you not wait until you get
the floor? ] am not to be interrupted in that sort
of way. I propose to treat the sitting Delegate
with perfect candor and kindness. 1 do not in-
iend, however, to have any gentleman, without
asking leave of me.withoutaskingof me whether
I will yield the floor to him, get up and tell the
House that what I state is not so.
I am not aware that the sitting Delegate con-
tended that there was a difference between this
certificate and the certiiicate in the Vallandigham
case. Suffice it to say that the only difference be-
tween the two is this: the one certifies that it is a
correct copy of the abstract filed by the Governor
and board of canvassers in the office of the sec-
retary—that is, the certificate in the Nebraska
case—while the certificate in the Vallandigham
case certifies that it is a correct abstraot of the
votes. I suppose that difference is this: the Sec-
retary of State of Ohio, in the Ohio case, not un-
der oath at all, computed an abstract of the polls,
and certified, not a copy of any paper on file, but
his own computation, to be a correct abstract—
that was admitted by the Committee of Elec-
tions in the last Congress—without even the sanc-
tion of an oath. The certificate introduced into
this case is a copy of the original paper depos-
ited in the office of the secretary of the Territory,
and that copy is certified under the official seal of
the secretary of the Territory. If there is any
difference at all, it is in favor of the abstract copy
introduced into this case. The other is substan-
tially a matter of testimony which, it appeared to
me in the last Congress, and appears to me now,
ought to have come here only under the sanction
of an oath.
There is one other ground to which T will re-
fer. There were other papers introduced into this
case—official papers taken from the office of the
secretaryof the Territory—showing just how this
matter of the Buffalo county was got up. Cer-
tain men in thatcounty held a caucus, and selected
certain names forcounty officers, and sent a letter
to the Governor of the Territory requesting him
to send those persons a commission. The Gov-
ernor of the Territory, without one particle of
authority of law, without there being th  color
even of an appointment or election according to
the laws of Nebraska, and merely upon the re-
quest of the secretary of the caucus held in sonic
town in Buffalo county, issued a commission to
the men designated in the letter, and appointed
them, without authority of law, officers of that
county. All these letters were matters of record
in the office of the secretary, Und copies arc to be
introduced at the hearing; and the sixty days
apply only to such matters as can be taken under
oath at an examination of witnesses.
Now, a few days since, upon the eve of this
hearing, and after this report was made and printed,
the gentleman made application to the committee
for further time, in order to take testimony in
Nebraska, to controvert, as he says, the facts es-
tablished by this report. The committee, at his
request, loexamined this question, and they were
compelled to come to the same conclusion they
had ai, lied at befoie that it was his duty to have
examined, within the sixty days, all the witnesses
he desired to examine, and not to have rested
upon what lie supposed was a blunder of the con-
testant; that when hefound that he was mistaken
and the contestant had not committed a blunder,
he should not have made that a ground for fur-
ther protracting this case into the next session',
and perhaps to the end of the term. They thought
it ill became him, who was willing to lest under
the serious charges made in this notice of contest,
2183
backed up as they were by testimony which he
admits, and which, as it stands here, is incon-
troverted, to make such a request. They thought
this ill became him who was willing to rest under
that imputation and hold a seat in this House,
which the evidence showed had been obtained by
fraud, and that, too, without any effort to relieve
himself from the charge, provided even that he was
satisfied the contestant had so blundered that he
could not prevail. They thought it ill became him,
when he found that the contestant had not made
any blunder, to come, under these circumstances,
before the committee, or the House, and ask for
further time.  
For these reasons I am opposed to the motion
to recommit this case.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Has the previous question
been called upon the motion?
Ihe SPEAKER. It has not. It was with-
drawn.
Mr. ESTABROOK. The difference in the
certificates between the Nebraska case and the
Vallandigham case is this: in the Vallandigham
case the certificate came from the Secretary of
State, who, by the laws of Ohio, is the person to
whom the returns are to be made, and he certifies
that it is a correct abstract of the votes in his of-
fice. By the laws of Nebraska the returns are
required to be made by the clerks of election, not
to the secretary, but to the Governor of the Ter-
ritory; and the Governor is required to call in the
chief justice and the district attorney, and they
together form a board of canvassers.
Now, then, the ground on which the majority
of the Committee of Elections concluded to admit
this testimony in the Vallandigham case, was
this: the abstract in question purported to come
from the proper officer, and bore the impression
of the great seal of the State, than which there
could be 110 higher evidence. In this case the ab-
stract docs not purport to conic from the proper
officer. I undertake to say that in the Territory of
Nebraska there is no law anywhere to be found,
which gives the secretary of the Territory any-
thing whatever to do with election returns.
Besides, instead of giving an abstract of the
votes, we find that the certificate is merely that
there had been exhibited to him a tally list, which
might as well have been kept on a slate, or on a
shingle, or might have been cast up in his head;
and he did not certify to an abstract of the votes at
all, but simply to a copy of the abstract.
Here isonedegree ofdifferencc from the Vallan-
digham case. In that ease there was an abstract
of the votes by the custodian of the votes. Here
there is a copy of the abstract of the vcjtes by an
individual whom the law does not invest with
authority to touch or have anything to do with
the votes.
But that is not all. I will undertake to say
that die evidence which has been exhibited up to
the time when this notice was given, was evidence
that would satisfy the most skeptical that every-
thing which the law requires to be done was done
in relation to the county of Buffalo. I want to
sliow the applicability of my argument to the
!rec.ord therein produced. Governor Black was
called upon to state what connection he had in
the organization of the county of Buffalo; and he
stated, that in the month of the May some indi-
viduals called upon him for the purpose of issu-
ing a commission to officers in that county. He
says he called to Ins aid one of the judges of the
supreme court; and they together examined tile
question, and found that it was the duty of indi-
viduals thus situated to make application to the
next county on the east for an order to hold an
election; that he told them what their duty was;
that they went back again; that subsequently
they made an application to htm, and from that
application it appeared that the returns they made
were the choice of the electors and voters of that
county. He says it was merely to gratify their
capiice that he issued commissions; and that lie did
not attempt to appoint them, because lie knew he
had no power to do so. He simply issued the
commissions to gratify them, in order to give them
the appearance of great authority to resist an in-
vasion of the great crowd of Pike's Peakers who
were passing through their midst. That left it
in a condition which would satisfy the most skep-
tical that everything required by law had been I
done according to law. The only thing that adds j
doubt to it is the minutes of a meeting held there, 1
that were subsequently exhibited, and under such'
circumstances as to preclude the possibility that:
^could resist it. . f . _
Now I suppose that any lawyer will concede that:
this is the law, that nothing is a matter of tweord
which the law does not authorize to go upon the ■
record. If I have a lawsuit with my neighbor -
with respect to a horse, and there happens to be
a letter on file in the Governor's office making a
statement about it, no lawyer will say that 1 could
exhibit that letter, and say that the record proved
itself. Just so here. This paper purports to be
the minutes of a meeting held, in which they de-
mand the county to be organized; it finds its way
into a pigeon-hole in the secretary's office, and is
then brought in here, notjonly without notice to
me, but against notice to me, as a record proving
itself. That is the only evidence which adds any
doubt to the regularity of the organization of Buf-
falo county.
Then, I say, that for the purpose of resisting
the presumption that may arise for the exhibition
of testimony of this character, I should at least
have the privilege of submitting other records-,
which I have in my possession. I suppose that
the House, with these facts before them, would
be slow to go on and take a vote which might re-
sult in my displacement, if they are satisfied that
the application is in good faith, and that the tes-
timony exists.
Sir, if it comes to the merits, I have something
to say in reference to these supposed frauds. I
will undertake to say that these frauds are not ex-
hibited. And let me add this, by way of induce-
ment to the House to refer the matter back to this
committee: the only specific frauds that were
proved in the entire case were in relation to the
county of Hall, where the contestant had twenty-
eight votes, and wheie it was shown that the re-
turns were made up in a lager-beer saloon in the
town of Omaha. It was shown, too, by the wit-
ness brought on the stand on the part of the con-
testant. And yet, notwithstanding that that was
the fact, not one single word was mentioned in re-
spect to it in the report submitted by the com-
mittee. No kind of allusion is made to it.
Let me add this as another inducement: I think
that some members of the committee are satisfied
that they have mistaken the law in regard to the
town of Genoa, where they have excluded twenty-
one votes. It is well known that this precinct
figured largely in the contest between Ferguson and
Chapman; buc because it was found, they say, to
be within the limits of the Pawnee reservation,
they cannot count the votes given for me there in
good faith.
It is for the purpose of correcting these errors,
and having a review of the case, that I ask for its
recommittal.
I believe I may also-state a fact which will not
be denied. The oral argument before the com-
mittee commenced on Wednesday morning. It
was understood that we should have the next day
to submit the written arguments. On the very
next day tlic committee met, and made their re-
port; and on the next day after that they submit-
ted their report to this House. Their report and
my argument both went into the hands of the
Printer at the same time. Up to that time, so far
as my side of the question was concerned, not one
word of argument had been heard in regard to
very much of the testimony to which I refer.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will the House indulge me
one moment to set the record right? The sitting
Delegate mistakes earnestness on my part for pas-
sion. The sitting Delegate alleges that he received
a notice from the counsel of the contestant that no
further evidence would be taken without notice to
the sitting Delegate. But it will be perceived by
the note of Alfred Conkling, attorney for the con-
testant, that the contestant proceeded to take the
testimony of witnesses for a certain number of
days, and then, in order to give the sitting mem-
ber an opportunity of examining his witnesses,
he gave this notice:
"I lose Tin time in nppiisins von of tiie deo.ision of the
counsel of Mr. Daily to piocceUno further at present in the
examination of witnesses in liis behalf, in pursuance of tiie
notice heretofore given."
That was simply a notice to the sitting Delegate
that the contestant would not proceed to examine
other witnesses without giving further notice; but
it was not a notice that the necessary certificate
from the secretary of the Territory would not be
