2184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
filed. Now, in regard to this certificate, it is made
the duty of the secretary of the Territory, by the
act organizing the Territory, to keep a fauhfuL
record of all the proceedings and returns in the1
Territory of Nebraska. When the canvassers
met, in order to make an abstract of all the votes
cast in the election, it became the duty of the
secretary of the Territory to preserve among the
records of the Territory a copy of the abstract of
votes. It was also the duty of the secretary, when
applied to, to make out a copy of that abstract.
When applied to, he made a copy of that abstract,
which appears m the printed testimony in this case,
and he certifies it under the seal of theTerritoryto
be a true copy of the abstract of all the votes cast at
that election. The sitting member claims that he
should have had notice of the production of that
certificate before the probate judge who was tak-
ing the testimony m the case, before it could have
been received. Now, it is a record; and under the
law it was properly returned to the Clerk of this
House, ana by him sent before the Committee
of Elections. I conceive, therefore, that there is
nothing in that point.
I now call the previous question on the motion
to recommit.
Mr. BRANCH. I submit to the House wheth-
er, under the circumstances by which we have
been surrounded whilst this discussion has been
going on, it is proper for us to proceed to vote at
this time ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 objcct to debate. I have
demanded the previous question.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope it will be voted down.
Mr. BOYCE. 1 move an adjournment. We
cannot consider this question at this time.
Mr. CAMPBELL. This is only a preliminary
question.
The House refused to adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. I understand that the previous
question cuts oil" all debate on the merits of tho
question. If that be so, no one desires the previ-
ous question.
Mr, STANTON. If any one upon the other
side wants to speak, of course we do not wish to
close debate.
Mr. DAWES. If the effect of the previous
question will be to cut off all debate on the merits
of the case, a due regard for the rights of the sit-
ting Delegate requires that we should vote down
the previous question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the sitting Delegate, or
any gentleman upon the other side, desires to be
heard, 1 will, of course, withdraw the demand for
the previous question.
The question was taken on the motion to re-
commit; and it was disagreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the first
resolution reported from the Committee of Elec-
tions.
Air, CAMPBELL. Does any gentleman upon
the other widft wish to be heard ?
Air. BRANCH. I would like an opportunity
to read the report. I d® not want to be heard
upon this question, nor do I wish to hear any other
gentleman; but I should like an opportunity to
read the report.
Mr. GARTRELL. I do not rise for the pur-
pose of discussing this case at all; but I think it
due to the sitting Delegate that he should have a
fair vote. The House is now very thin. Let
the mam question be ordered, and let us take the
vote to-morrow, or some other day.
Air. CAMPBELL. 1 demand tho previous
question, as there seems to be no disposition on
the other side to discuss tho merits of the case.
Mr. GARTRELL. If the gentleman is de-
termined to put the gag on, and force this case
through the House, we will see whether we can-
not defeat such an iniquitous proceeding by par-
liamentary tactics.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman has no right
to style it " an iniquitous proceeding." It is the
ordinary and parliamentary mode of procedure.
If no gentleman upon the other side desires to
discuss the question—it being now only twenty
minutes past three o'clock, when we usually sit
until six—why should not the case be disposed
of now? I say that there is a mere factious oppo-
sition upon the other side.
Mr. GARTRELL. This is private bill day,
and it is a fraud upon the House to press this
case under the circumstances.
Air. CAMPBELL. I submit the point of order
that, pending the demand for the previous ques-
tion, debate is not in order.
Mr. GARTRELL. I know that debate is not
in order, but it was permitted whilst the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania was speaking. Gentle-
men upon the other side have spoken for two
hours, and those who oppose the report of the
committee have not been heard at all. -
Mr. CAMPBELL. Does the gentleman from
Georgia dc-sire to be heard?
Mr. GARTRELL. I did desire to be heard
upon the preliminary question; but the motion of
the gentleman from iNebraska has been voted
down, and it is of no use to discuss it now.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman did not riso
at all when that question was before the House.
Mr. GARTRELL. I do not yield to the gen-
tleman; but desire now to say that I think it is
duo to the sitting Delegate that this question
should not now be taken. My colleagues upon
the Committee of Elections know how I stand
with reference to this case. I voted in comYnittee
in favor of giving the seat to Mr. Daily. From
the evidence before us, I believed it was my duty
to do so. 1 had to decide the case,as 1 intend to
decide all these cases, upon the law and the facts,
and not by applying the gag and the pressure of
party power to put one man in here and exclude
another without any justification for so doing.
That is my position. It is due to the sitting Del-
egate that this additional evidence should be sent
before the committee. Certainly no harm can
result to the contestant. A majority of that com-
mittee are his friends, if I may be allowed so to
speak. It would take but a few days to determ-
ine upon it, and to come back to the House with
a new report. But if we are to vote upon this
case now, I shall be compelled, adhering to the
rule which I have laid down for myself—to vote
upon all these cases, and to decide them, as a
juror or chancellor, upon the law and the evidence
before me, and upon nothing else—I shall be com-
pelled to vote in favor of the contestant.
I make no appeal to the magnanimity of the
majority of the Committee of Elections. I appeal
to members on tho other side of the House, if
they are determined to press this case through, to
give the sitting Delegate at least tho poor priv-
ilege of having his friends here to vote upon this
question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 believe that I have the
floor.
Mr. GARTRELL. I understand that I havo
the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman has the
floor by my,courtesy. I had the floor and yielded
to the gentleman.
Mr. GARTRELL. I took it by unanimous
consent, and claim it in my own right.
Air. DAWES. I think the gentleman does not
do those he is pleased to call the majority of the
Committee of Elections justicc, when he inti-
mates that they arc disposed to gag the sitting
Delegate; for I do not believe a single member of
that committee desired to prevent his being heard
to his satisfaction. I asked the sitting Delegate
whether he desired to be heard. I tried to make
the House hear him; and suggested that the pre-
vious question should not be sustained, if the
effect of it was to be to prevent the sitting Dele-
gate, from being heard on the merits of the case.
I was determined, myself, that the sitting member
should be heard, and heard everywhere, so far as
I had a voice in the matter, where I believed that
ho was in good faith seeking to be hoard upon the
merits of his case, and just as long as he desired
to be heard.
Mr. GARTRELL. I understand the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, and am glad that we
agree for once. I understood my honorable friend
from North Carolina [Mr. Branch] to rise and
declare that he wanted time to investigate this
case before he was required to vote. I submit,
then, it being half past three o'clock, that he can-
not do so this evening; and therefore suggest that
this case be left open until to-morrow. There
will be but one or two brief arguments on this side
of the House, perhaps not consuming an hour.
The other side has consumed nearly two hours.
The sitting Delegate has not had his right to be
heard on the merits of the case, nor has the con-
testant. It is due to the sitting Delegate, due to
truth and fair dealing, that this case should go
over until to-morrow, or Monday, or Tuesday, or i
any other day that may be fixed. Lot this party
be heard by himself or his friends, in order that
his defense may be fally before us.
Mr. CASE. Is this debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is allowed by the unan-
imous consent of the House.
Mr,-GARTRELL. I hope that the gentleman
from Indiania will not get restless. I do not
often trespass upon the attention of the House.
Mr. CASE. I am getting restless, for I think
that the gentleman has lectured the House enough.
Mr. GARTRELL. The gentleman is himself
out of order.
Mr. CASE. If there has been any gating, it
has not been on the part of this side of the House.
The chairman of tho committee, and the members
of the committee on this side, all expressed an
anxiety that there should be ample discussion.
Every inducement was held out for a defense, if
any could be made.
Mr. GARTRELL. _ The gentleman would do
well to put a gag on his mouth. #
Mr. CASE. I do not trouble the House with
my mouth as often or as much as the gentle-
man.
Mr. GARTRELL. I think that both of us,
perhaps, like many others, trouble the House too
much. [Laughter.]
I do not yield the floor, and insist upon my con-
stitutional privilege. I say that the postponement
suggestedisdue to the sitting Delegate—and why?
I appeal to fair-minded men what is to be gained
by one day, one way or the other, in putting this
contestant into this seat? What will be accom-
plished by putting him in to-day, instead of Mon-
day or Tuesday next ?
It has been charged by the gentleman who made
this report that there is disclosed in this case the
grossest and most iniquitous frauds ever perpe-
trated. As magnanimous and fair men,will you not
five the sitting Delegate an opportunity to show
y testimony and argument that that statement is
not true? Would you yourselves like to rest
under such an imputation without an opportunity
of being heard, without an opportunity for your
friends to investigate the case, and to give their
views to the country repelling any sach unjust
insinuation? I did not give my concurrence to
the report with any such view.
Mr. Speaker, I desire to say, in justification of
myself, that, while I voted in favor of ousting the
sitting Delegate, and giving the seat to the con-
testant, I did so upon the ground that the record
evidence before the committee disclosed that the
contestant was clearly elected. I did not vote for
oustingMr. Estabrook with any idea that he or his
friends in Nebraska had perpetrated any frauds.
I never saw the report in this case until this morn-
ing. Tho courtesy was not extended to me of
reading it before it was sent into the House and
printed. It comes here purporting to represent,
as it does, the judgment of a majority of the -com-
mittee.
Mr. DAWES. It no more purports to repre-
sent one majority than the other. It purports to
express the sentiments of the committee, .and
'there is no minority report.
Mr. GARTRELL. Precisely. I do not know
who prepared that report. It is enough for me
to say that I did not see it before it was made to
the House, nor until to-day. I might have seen
it sooner, by sendin^for a copy to the document
room. It is true that no opportunity of seeing it
was offered me until after it was printed; I did
not desire or care to see it, and only make this
statement that I may not be considered as one of
those who have charged these frauds against the
sitting Delegate and his friends in the Territory.
1 have trespassed longer than I intended upon
the attention of the House. If the motion to re-
commit be Yoted down, 1 will be compelled to
vote with the other side to oust Mr. Estabrook
and to give the scat to Mr. Daily. Let me appeal
again to gentlemen to let the sitting Delegate and
his friends have an opportunity to argue and de-
cide upon the question on its merits. If we post-
pone this matter as I suggest, then every party
will have his day in court, and nobody will hava
just reason for complaint.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, I am sur-
prised at the remarks which have fallen from the
gentleman from Georgia. Ia my judgment, they
are unfair and unjust, whether he designed them
to have that effect upon members or not. When
