220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
There are then one hundred and twenty opponents
of that party.' Where, then, is the difficulty in the
organization of this House? It is in the divisions
among this Opposition party; and now, gentle-
men, cannot they harmonize? I give you credit
for integrity, manliness, and loyalty to the Con-
stitution., as I claim credit for them for myself.
Cannot we accept some other occasion and some
other tir^e to adjust subordinate divisions among
ourselves ? An Eastern king* was sunk in revelry
•when theHsgions of the barbarians were thunder-
ing at the gates of his capital. Shall we be en-
gaged in the revelry of little dissensions, when
this great Republican party is attacking the very
citadel of the Constitution ? Shall we of the South,
when not only our property, not only our rights,
but when the very existence of our people are at
stake—£hall you, with the ark of the Constitution
in your custody, pursue these little divisions and
embitter them,"so that the common enemy shall
gain a dqcisive advantage ?
Are you ready to suppress minor differences, to
throw aside smaller questions, for the integrity of
the Constitution ? Can tf'e not harmonize ? You*
the American party, are fighting this Republican
party—and why ? Because it is assailing the in-
tegrity of the Constitution and the vital rights of
your section. You, conservative men of the North,
arc opposing it, because it is making an attack on
the Constitution and theprinciples of the Repuhl ic.
Are our little dissensions greater than our hostility
to the common enemy ? While this battle is being
waged; while the conflict is pending, are we to
have little wrangles and jars and quarrels in our
own midst? I give you, gentlemen, ch'dit for the
same sincerity that 1 chum; and I say thai, in my
judgment, there is no insuperable difficulty in the
way of our harmony.
I would not chai-ge on the Opposition any-
thing that I do not believe to be borne out by the
fhc'ts of the case. We know the feelings of the
country; and we know what interests are at stake.
We know that the blood which was shed by a
portion of one section of the country making war
upon another section, is not yet dry on the soil
oi the Commonwealth of Virginia. I will admit
that gentlemen of the Republican parly did not
forecast the consequences; but I belirvc that there
ts an indissoluble connection between the princi-
ples of the Republican party and tin: act of out-
rage on the soil of Virginia. The pries's of Jug-
gernaut might as well pivss the xnnctity of the
abhorred rjtes of their religion, and expect that no
blind follower would thrust himself before the
bloody car, as for these men to proclaim this war
to the knife upon the institutions of the South,
and expect that there would be no deluded fol-
lower to attempt to carry it out
I say, then, that, in my judgment, there is an
indissoluble connection between the principles of
the Republican party, as proclaimed by indiiy of
its leaders, and their ultimate consummation in
blood and ropinc on thr> soil of Virginia. Is it
not then our duty, gentlemen, to unite m a com-
mon war against tlwt parlyJ And can wo not do
it? What division is there between the one hun-
dred and twenty men who are opposed to the
Republicans 5 In truth, there are no differences
sufficient to drive us asunder, and give the organ-
ization of the House to the Black Republicans.
Of these one hundred and twenty, ninety are Dem-
ocrats, twenty-three or twenty-four are South
.Americans, and five are anti-Leeompton Demo-
crats. Now, I tender this proposition to you in
good fauh: either do you select a candidate from
among our party, or we will select one from yours;
and by our united votes elect him. Is not that
fair? We say to you: " th^re is no unconquerable
living antagonism between us;let, us unite against
the common enemy. Take a candidate from oiu
midst, or we will take one from yours." I ten-
der to you this olive branch on terms of perfect
equality. Are you ready to accept it? Are you
ready to move with us under a common flag, and
unite with us in a common cause? Is there a
southern man in this body, who would think a
Republican any nearer to him than one of his own
section, one of his own blood, one who has a com-
mon interest with him, or one who carries the same
flag of the Constitution in his hands? I make
the proposition, sir, in good faith. | Applause from
the £dlien<'.s.] In tins I have only icpeated tin-
proposition first made by my fri'-ndfrom Arkan-
sas. [Mi. Ru■.>t . j
NINETEENTH BALLOT FOlt SPEAKEll.
The House then proceeded to the nineteenth bal-
lot for Speaker, with the following result: Whole
number of votes cast, 222\ necessary to a choice,
112; of which—
Mr. Shciman leeeivecl 108
Mr. Millson  69
Mr. Gilmer   *  21
Mr. Stevenson  5
Mr. JohnG. Davis  5
Mi. Reynolds  4
Mr. Houston    3
Mr. Thomas L. Anderson  2
Mr Briggs  1
Mi. Phelps   1
Mr. Bocock  1
Mr. MeQ.ueen  I
Mr. Adram    1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For J>IV. Shciman—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrich,
Alley, Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair,Blake, Brayton, Buf-
tinton, Burljngamc, Burnham, Burroughs, JButterfield,
Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, Colfax, ConkHng, Qonvm,
Covode, Curtis, Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edgerton,
Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Farn&worth, Fenton. Poster, Frank,'
French,Crouch, Graham, Glow, Gurley, Hale, Hall, Haslun,
Heimick, Hickman, Hoard, Humphrey, Hutchms, Irvine,
Junkin; Fianeis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon,
Kilgorc, Killinger, DeWitt (J. Leach, Lee, Longnecker,
Loomis, Lovejoy, Marston, McKean, McKnight, Mcpher-
son, Millwaid, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy Morns,
Nixon, Olin, Palmer, Pennington, Perry, Pcttit, Porter, Pot-
ter, Pottle, liice, Christopher Robinson, Itovce, Schwartz,
Scnmton, Sed2\vick7 Somes, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton,
Stevens,' William fcStewart, Hnatton, Tappan, Thayer,
Theaker, Tompkins, Tnun, Tumble, Vandever, Vorree,
Wade, YValdion, Walton, Oailwalador C. Washburn. Elhhu
B. Wa^hburne, Israel Washburn, Weils, Wil&on, Wnuiom,
and Woodruil.
For Mr. Mill-ton—Messrs Allen, Thomas L. Andwson,
AMimoio, Averv, B.nksdalc, Bair, Barrett, Bonhairi, Bo-
eoek, Branch, Bureh, Burnett, John I>. Claik, Ciopton,
Cobb, John Cochianu, Coopor, Cox, James Craig, Buiton
Ciaige, Cnuvfoid, Curry, Davidson, De Jarnette, Edmund-
son, English, Fouke, Gavnett, Gartieil, Hamilton, John T.
Harris, Ilindman, Houston, Howard, Hughes, Jackson,
Jone.-s, Keitt, Lamar, Kunkel, Leake, Logdji, JLovo, Md-
ela^, Elbeit S. Mai tin, McClernand, McQueen, MoRae,
Miles, Niblaek, Nocll, Pendleton, Peyton. Phelps, Pryoi,
Reagan, lluffin, Scott, Simms, Singleton, William Smith,
Stevenson, Jarn«s> A. Stewart, Thomas, Underwood,
Whitoley, Wmslow, Woodson, and Wnght,
For Mr Gilmer—Messrs. Green Adams, William C.
AndeiNon, Boteln, Bouligny, Brab'-on, lirlggs, Biiatow, II.
Winter Davis, Ethendge, Hardeman, J. Moirteon Harris,
llatton. Hill, Jame^ M.'Leach, Malloiv, Laban T. Moore,
Nelson, Uuarlet,, WilUain N. II. Smith, Stokes, and VV eb-
stcr
For Mr Stevenson—Mcssr-.. Boyce, Ilohnan, Charles D.
Martin, Millson, and Vallandigham
For Mr- John Cr. Vavis—Mess-is Lai-iabc1, Montgomery,
fhuau N. Moms>, James C. Itobinsou, and Sickles.
For Mr. Reynolds—Meatus. Adiau), Horace F. Clark,
John G. Davis, and Riggs.
For Mr- Houston—Messrs. Dirmmck, Plotence, and Syd-
enham Moero.
For Mr. Thomas L. Anderson—Messrs. Majnard and
Vance.
For Mr. Brings—Mr. Gilmer.
For Mr Phelps—-Mr. Stout.
For Mi. JJocock—Mr. Reuben Davis.
For Mr McQueen—Mi. Pugli.
For Mr .Urain- -Mi. R<vnolds
Pending the vote,
Mr. RUST announced that ho had paired otF
with Mr. Wood.
PROPOSITION FOR A 1U3CESS.
Mr. WINSLOW. It is perfectly obvious, Mr.
Clerk, that we have been making no advance,
within the last fortnight, towards tlm end which
we all desire—the organization ol this House. Wo
are approaching the holidays—a period of the
year when all persons, even our slaves, enjoy a
relaxation from labor. I think that in the pres-
ent condition of things, we would all feel the ad-
vantage of taking a recess for ten days or a fort-
night. We could go back to our constituents.
Men from the North might, perhaps, acquire
fresh patriotic feelings at these great Union meet-
ings that are being held in their section, and per-
haps some of that fiery feeling which is prevail-
ing at the South might bo quieted There are,
besides, a number of gentlemen on both sides of
the House who have business that calls them
home. I therefore hope that a resolution that I
have here, providing for a recess, will meet the
favorable consideration ofgentlemcn on both sides
of the House.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina, Mr. COL-
PAX, and other members on both sides of the
House, objected to the introduction of the reso-
lution.
Air. WINSLOW. The resolution is a ques-
tion of privilege, which can by introduced at any
time.
Mr. CRAIGE, 'of North Carolina. Whether
or not, I object to it.
Mr. COLFAX. If gentlemen object to it on
the other side 'of the House, we object to it also
on this side.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. There is only
one question of privilege that can be acted on
now; and that is to elect a Speaker. This reso-
lution proposes not to elect one.
Members on all sides. Read the resolution.
The resolution was read for information, as
follows:
Resolved, That from and after to-day there shall be no
vote as to the organization of the House until the second
Monday in January, I860.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I make the
point of order that that resolution is not-if! order,
and cannot be received. If it be received, there are
a dozen other propositions before the H«msethat
must come before this. This resolution does not
look to the organization of the House, but to the
postponement of thatmatter. Therefore, the Clerk
has no right to entertain it; and if he does, there
ore other propositions before the House that must
be acted on before it.
Mr. GROW. Air. Clerk 
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 supposed I had the floor.
The CLERK. Does the gentleman from North
Carolina yield to the gentlemar from Pennsyl-
vania? *
Mr. GROW. I thought the gentleman had
yielded.
Mr. WINSLOW. Not for the present. As
to the point of order, and whether this is a priv-
ileged question cr not, I suppose that, by nil par-
liamentary low, the will of the majority settles
that; and. therefore, there being no rules for our
government except the parliamentary law, I wish
the question first to be put to the House: " Shall
the resolution be entertained?"
Air. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. As I under-
stand it, there is a resolution before the House
now on which a question of order has been raised;
and 1 take it, there can be no vote upon this reso-
lution until there has been a vote upon that.
Mr. WINSLOW. That is the very question
I wish submitted to the House.
Mr. GROW. I desire to say a word upon the
point of order raised by the gentleman from North
Carolina.
Several Members addressed the Clerk.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Air. Grow] has the floor, with the consent
of the gentleman from North Carolina.
Mr. GROW. No, sir; if the gentleman from
North Carolina is entitled to the floor, I do not
want it. On this side of the House we have had
to take the floor, almost all the time, by the cour-
tesy of the other side, if the gentleman is through
I will go on: but I do not want to speak by the
courtesy of anybody else.
Air. WINSLOW. I yield the floor.
Air. GROW. When \ have the floor to speak,
I want it subject to my own control, and not that
of somebody else.
Mr. Clerk, under the law of Congress, which
has been read here a number of times, passed the
1st of June, 1780, there are but two motions in
order; one is a motion to proceed to vote for
Speaker, and the other is a motion to adjourn. So
under the parliamentary law, those are the only
motions that arc in order. The only votes that
can be taken by the House, in accordance with
the law of Congress and with the parliamentary
law, is on one or the other of those motions; and
the practice of the House conforms to that. It.
was so decided by Mr. Cobb, when Speaker of
this House in the Thirty-First Congress, on the
occasion of th<* death of the Clerk. The House
had not elected a Doorkeeper, and that stood as
the first business in order. When the House met
on the fifteenth dav of April, 1850, the death of
the Clerk of the l-fouse was announced. Mr.
Thomas L. Harris moved that the House proceed
to the election of a Clerk, to supply the vacancy
occasioned by the death of Thomas J. Campbell.
Pending the consideration of which, Mr. Albert
G. Brown submitted a resolution to rescind the
order heretofore made, on the election of a Door-
keeper.
The decision of Speaker Cobb was—I read from
the Journal of the first session of-the Thirty-
First Congress, page 789:
" The Speaker decided that paid resolution was out of
