1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23.8#
I rose to demand the previous question on the
motion to recommit, I stated distinctly, and gen-
tlemen from one end of the Hall to the other
heard me, that if any gentleman on the other side
or this side—the contestant or the sitting Dele-
gate—desired to be heard on this question, I would
withdraw the demand for the previous question.
There was not the slightest .idea of shutting off
debate so long as the sitting Delegate, or any gen-
tleman upon either side of the House desired to
discuss this question. But we are asked to post-
pone this case again; and on what ground? This
js a question which has two sides to it. Let me
narrate tlje facts. I commenced giving notice last
week that I would call the case up at an early
day. I named Monday, then Tuesday; and I gave
notice from day to day, so that no member here
might complain that he was not amply notified that
I would call the case up on the first opportunity.
It has been ruled out of order because special or-
ders were pending; and if I suffer this day to
elapse without taking a vote, in the present con-
dition of the House, there is no telling when we
will reach it again.
Look at the monstrous state of facts connected
with this case. Here is a man admitted upon all
sides to be deprived of his seat by an unfair and
unjust return of fraudulent votes from certain
counties of Nebraska. The- gentleman from
Georgia himself admits that Mr. Daily is entitled
to the seat. We are now in the closing hours of
the session. His constituents of Nebraska have
been deprived of their representation here for six
months by such a record as never before has come
into this rlouge. The gentleman from Georgia
admits it, and he admits that the people of the
Territory of Nebraska have been deprived of their
legal representative for some six months, during
which time they have not been represented upon
this floor, when most important business touch-
ing that Territory is pending here; and yet that
gentleman tells us he would seek to deprive this
lawfully-entitled Delegate of his scat still longer;
and he says, too, that if further opportunity is not
given, he will vote to deprive the people of Ne-
braska of their seat upon this floor.
Mr. GARTRELL. Did I understand the gen-
tleman to say that 1 admitted that the people of
Nebraska were deprived unjustly of their repre-
sentative upon this floor?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I understood the gentle-
man as admitting that, from the evidence pre-
sented to the committee, in his judgment, Daily
was entitled to a scat.
Mr. GARTRELL. I said that that evidence
did not to my mind disclose any such fraud as
you spoke of 111 your opening speech, and that I
did not put my vote in favor of Daily upon the
ground of fraud, but that the record evidence
showed that he had a majority of the votes.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not care upon what
ground the gentleman put it, so far as this point
is concerned. The committee put their action
upon the ground of fraud and irregularity; and
now I have the admission of the gentleman from
Georgia, that upon the evidence Daily is entitled
to the seat, and that Estabrook is not entitled to
the seat. And now I ask the gentleman how he
can deprive the people of Nebraska for a longer
period of time of a representative upon the floor
of this House ? On the 20th of April fost this
report was printed and Iaid*upon the tables of
members; and are we to be deprived of giving a
fair representation to the people entitled to it on
account of the laches of members? It seems to
me it would be monstrous to refuse to allow the
people of Nebraska a fair representation, becausc
members of this House are guilty of laches and
inattention to their business.
But I stated before, and state now, that, if the
sitting Delegate, or any friends of his, desire to
discuss this question, I will withdraw the demand
for the previous question. His case was fully
heard by the Committee of Elections. We have
heard, I think, two separate motions—certainly
one—for further time, since that time. They have
been overruled, and the committee hnve been en-
deavoring for the last ten days to bring this case
to the notice of the House; and I cannot, with
any degree of self-respect and a fair regard to the
rights of the people of Nebraska; 1 cannot, with
a proper regard to the members of this House; I
cannot, sir, under the oath I have taken here,
permit this case to go over until another day, with
the possibility of its not being reached during
this session.
I say again, I will withdraw the demand for
the previous question, if the sitting Delegate, or
any gentleman upon that side, wishes to discuss
the merits of this case.
Mr. BRANCH. I had no idea, when I made
the suggestion I did,that it would lead to so much
excitement and discussion. I only made it be-
cause we all know that we have been here to-day
under peculiar circumstances.
A Member. What circumstances?
Mr. BRANCH. The receiving: of dispatches,
from the Chicago convention. [Laughter.] I
only desire to say that I did not want this case
postponed on my account.- I simply suggested
that in consideration that we have had so little
opportunity to hear the discussion to-day, in con-
sequence of the confusion arising from the cir-
cumstance to which I alluded, that gentlemen
would like to look at the ease. I did not ask that
it should be postponed on my account.
Mr. ESTABROOK. I am not accustomed to
speak in assemblies so large as this, and 1 have
to acknowledge a little embarrassment ;and having
already spoken under some little degree of excite-
ment, I feel that it would be impossible for me to
proceed to-day. I would like to be heard. I believe
that nowhere in this record can there be found any-
thing that would connect me with anything fraud-
ulent, or even irregular. 1 believe, in addition to
that, if time were given me, I could show to the
satisfaction of every reasonable mind not only
that I was elected, but I could show that these
chargcs of fraud are without foundation. But I
am unable to do that this evening. If the House
will now adjourn until to-morrow, I think I shall
be able to vindicate the Territory of Nebraska
against all aspersions of fraud which are alleged
to have transpired within her bordeis. And be-
sides, if there has been irregularity—and there
always is upon the frontiers—you ought not to
hold the frontiers of the country to the strict rules
of law. I desire to have read the evidence in ref-
erence to the transactions in the county of Cal-
houn, where it is charged that these frauds were
perpetrated. I desire to show from that evidence
that the three witnesses, who stated what they
saw in that county, who stated that they went
through there, and saw no individual, never went
into the county of Calhoun at all.
Let me call the attention of the House to the
fact, that when this discussion was going on be-
fore the committee, I asked them to look at a map
which I exhibited, and I asked one of the com-
mittee— Mr. Campbell, J believe—to put his
finger upon the border of that county, as it was
described in the law. Having done so, the coun-
sel for the contestant opened a book defining1 the
boundaries of the county, and I read from another.
When I got through he said that it did appear
that those individuals did not go within that
county. So that in every case in winch those wit-
nesses testified that they went into that county,
and conversed with individuals residing there,
they were m error. The evidence was in reference
to a portion of the Territory which was not in-
cluded within that covnty at all. An exhibition
of the map showed that there are two or three
towns already in existence there, and which have
found their way into all the current maps of the
day. There are other facts I can show; but I
find myself entirely unable to procecd to-night. I
would like to be heard upon all these points. I
therefore ask for a postponement.
Mr. CAMPBELL. As no one desires to be
heard in this case at the present time, I demand
the previous question.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I submit to the
House 
Mr. BINGHAM. The previous question has
been demanded, and I object to debate.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I desire to submit
to the other side of the House whether they had
not better take this question to-morrow morning?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I insist upon the point of
order.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question being on the adoption of the first
resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That Experience Estabrook ia not entitled to
the seat as Delegate fiora the Temtory of Nebraska to the
Thirty-Sixth Congress of the United States,
The question was taken; and the resolution
was adopted.
# The question recurred on the adoption of the
second resolution, as follows: „
Resolved, That Samuel G. Daily ia entitled to the/seat,
as Delegate from.tip Territory of Nebraska, to the Thirty-
Sixth Congress of the United States. • -
The question was taken; and the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved to reconsider the vote
"by which the resolutions were adopted, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on th&table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the sitting
Delegate, Mr. Daily, be now sworn.
Mr. ESTABROOK. I thank the House for
making me a sacrifice to the gods of the Chicago
convention.
Mr. DAILY came forward, and took the usual
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. SHERMAN. Unless it be the desire of
the House to call committees for reports on pri-
vate bills, I will move to go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. TAPPAN. It is my desire. I want to
have committees called for reports of private,
business. *
The SPEAKER. Tfie Chair will then proceed
with the call of committees for reports of a private
nature.
WILLIAM MONEY.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the Committee of Clainfis,
reported back an act (S. No. 174) for the relief of
William Money; which was referred to a Com-
mitteeof the Wnole House, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
DAVID MYERLE.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the same committee,also
reported back an act (S. No. 118) for the relief of
David Myerle; which was referred to a Commit-
tee of the Whole House, and, with the accompa-
nying report, ordered to be printed.
EMILIE G. JONES.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the same committee, also
reported back an act (S. No. 206) for the relief <?f
Emilie G. Jones, executrix of Thomas P. Jones,
deceased, and Nancy M. Johnson, administratrix
of William R. Johnson, deceased; which was
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
r JAMES L. EDWARDS.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the same committee,also
reported back an act (S. No. 207) for the relief of
James L. Edwards., administrator of R.Thomas
Geaney, deceased; which was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the same committee,pre-
sented adverse reports on the following cases;
which were laid upon the table, and ordered to
be printed:
The petition of Samuel B. Elliott;
The petition of Daniel Cannon;
The memorial of James Johnson; and
The case of Major E. H. Fitzgerald.
MICHAEL DIJEEY.
Mr. TAPPAN,from the same committee,also
reported back the petition of Michael Duffy, and
asked that it be referred to the Committee of
Accounts.
It was so ordered.
HOOPER AND OTHERS.
Mr. WALTON, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill forthe relief of Hooper & Williams,
Livingston, Kmkead & Co., Gilbert & Gernsh,
and others; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, oidered to be
printed. joxin R. BARTLETT.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Claims to report back a joint resolution
passed by the Senate, with a recommendation that
it do pass; and also to ask the House to put it
on its passage. The facts will be disclosed on the
reading of the resolution.
