1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to their custody; they are in the custody of the
clerk of the county.
Mr. GOOCH. I did not say that the board had
custody of them. 1 said the law prescribed in
whose custody they should be.
Mr. STEVENSON. And it never changes it.
Now, the simple proposition which the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Gooch] puts to me, is
this: he supposes a record intrusted by law to
the clerk's keeping; three gentlemen are required
to go to the clerk's office, to make an examination
of Us contents, and make an accurate and faithful
report of it to some other tribunal within a pre-
scribed time. They enter upon the discharge of
their duty, and make a certified report of what is
exhibited on the face of that record. Before the
arrival of the period fixed by law for their re-
port, they discover that they have certified a false
statement., in consequence of some error of their
own—it is here insisted by the gentleman that
they cannot correct it, because the first false cer-
tificate makes thein functus officio. I look in
wonder and amazement at a gentleman who will
go upon the record as sustaining such a proposi-
tion. The gentleman may be a much abler lawyer
than I am, but I put it to his candor to say, if this
doctrine would not place the tenure of represent-
ative right on this floor in the mere keeping of
every returning officer. I may be told that he
would find his remedy here. To which I reply,
the candidate selected by the people as their Rep-
resentative, is forced to become a contestant at a
heavy personal expense; to see his seat occupied
by one who received many thousand votes less
than himself; and after months of delay, finds
his claim still ignored by a majority of political
opponents on this floor, whose party success
demands the sacrifice.
I do not intend to enter into the personnel of this
controversy. I never desire to intervene between
a Representative, whether from my own State or
any other, and his constituents. He is justly re-
sponsible to them. The sitting member was
pleased to say, in this case, that the minority had
strangely not given in their report the names of
the voters deemed bad on either side?, or the evi-
dence on which the minority rejected them. He
further said, as the minority had failed to do so,
he supposed they declined to count all the votes,
lest they might have found themselves obliged
to report in his favor. No, sir; the minority
feared no such result. They shrunk from the dis-
charge of no duty m this or any other case. They
have looked into this record; and their best judg-
ment is, the sitting member has shown no title to
a certificate, in the first instance, or upon an ex-
amination of the proof, to hold his scat on this
floor. The short time allowed the committee pre-
vented the author of the report from incorporating
the evidence or singling out every voter. The
sitting member has no right to complain. In the
Missouri case, the majority struck at whole classcs
of voters, upon the flimsy evidence of alleged
census returns, and struck them from Barret's
poll; and yet the gentleman [Mr. Anderson] was
willing to separate himself from members of his
own party on this floor, and was willing to vote
a Republican [Mr. Blair] into his seat over Bar-
ret, who had received 6U7 majority, upon the
report of that committee, without reading the
record.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. You assert
that I have not read the testimony. I say that
you have no evidence of that fact.
Mr. STEVENSON. Certainly, I have not
positive evidence; but I now put the question to
you to say if you have read that evidence ?
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I have not
said I did. You said I did not. You guessed it.
I say I read the repot t in that case; and I came
to the conclusion that the gentleman was entitled
to his seat upon this floor. I did not read the
testimony.
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman says I
guessed it. Well, I must be a good guessei, for
he admits I guessed rightly. But I did not intend
to do the gentleman any injustice. I am not dis-
posed to asperse his motives, although his vote
for the Missouri case was a very remarkable one.
And now I will proceed to give the llouse and
the sitting member a specimen of the evidence in
this case on which he will hold his seat, if it is
accorded to him by the Republican majority on
this floor. As I hope to answer at the bar of God,
I can solemnly aver, that never, in my experience,
here or elsewhere, have I ever seen the rules of
evidence so completely prostituted and perverted
as they have been to bolster up his claim to a seat
in this Hall.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. Have you
read all the evidence in this case?
Mr. STEVENSON. I have gone faithfully
through the testimony.
Mr. ANDERSON. 1 asked the question be-
cause I observed that the gentleman was not pres-
ent during most of the examination into this case.
The SPEAKER. The time allowed to the
gentleman from Kentucky has expired.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. Ifcwas the under-
standing, I think, that the time taken up by in-
terruptions should not be deducted from thegen-
tleman's hour.
Mr. GARTRELL. I believe I am entitled to
the floor until half past one o'clock, and I will
yield it to the gentleman from Kentucky to com-
plete this branch of his argument.
Mr. DAWES. I was going to suggest the
samcthing.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
gentleman from Kentucky will proceed.
No objection was made.
Mr. STEVENSON. I have gone through the
heavy record in this case, consisting of two large
printed volumes, and read portions of the testi-
mony, not once, but several times. I have en-
deavored to compare extracts of the evidence on
both sides, as contained in the brief, with the
original depositions in the record. I cannot better
impress upon the House the utter violation of
every rule of evidence, and the palpable disregard
of all judicial precedent by which the sittingmem-
ber in the majority report is declared entitled to
his scat, than by quoting portions of the testimony
on which many votes arc taken from the contest-
ant, and many more given to the sitting member.
I will read the substance of the entire testimony
bearing on each particular vote challenged by each
party.
The vote of S. J. Vance, which is found re-
corded for the contestant at the Hayes precinct,
No. 5, is challenged by the sitting member. To
sustain this challenge, one witness alone is exam-
ined. That witness is P. H. Smith. His testi-
mony is:
" Thathe knows S.J. Vance when he sees him; he voted,
as 1 sec by reference to the poll-book, at the I-layc; precinct,
district No. 5, of CUnton county, and lor James Chris-
man for Congress at late August election. I don't know, of
my own knowledge, whore Mid Vance icsided, but was in-
formed by him that, if ho had known there would have been
any dispute about his vote, he would have gone from dis-
trict No.4, known as the III Will precinct, of Clinton county,
and voted there. lie s-aid fie went to district TVo. 5 tor the
purpose of going to school." {it., 2 vol, p. 477.)
This is the whole testimony relied on by the
sitting member. To sustain that vote, the con-
testant introduced the voter himself:
" S. J. Vance (voter) states that he was born and raised
in Clinton county, and lived in the fifth precinct for five
months prior to the election. lie had no other hoinc. His
father ipsides in Clinton county, but is not a housekeeper,
his mother being dead." (It., 1 vol., p. 54.)
On this testimony, the vote was taken from con-
testant. On what principle the majority acted, it
is difficult to conccive.
Again, the sitting member challenges the vote
of John Lemmons, who voted in Clinton county
for contestant. The alleged ground of challenge
is nonage. In support of this challenge, one wit-
ness only is introduced, who testified as follows;
"Fiancis Irwin state* he knows John Lemmons; that
he lived with witness eighteen months bcioie Ia:?t election;
and that, on examining the poll-books, witness finds that
Lemmons voted for Chrisman, in difUiet No. 3, Clinton
county, Kentucky. Witness hoard Lemmons say he was
four vears old at'the time his mother died, winch, he said
he was informed, was m 1S43; he also said lie had exam-
ined her tombstone, and it was there recorded that the died
in 1843. I have heard him say on several occasions that
his best information was, that he was about four years old
at that time. He said lie was not going to vote; that he
was not old enough." (2 vol. 480.)
To support the vote, contestant introduced
voter himself. He stated as follows:
" J. Lemmons (voter) states he voted in third precinct of
this county for Chrisman, and supposes Anderson has chal-
lenged his vote. He states at the time he voted he was
near twenty-three years of age, from the information he got
from his parent?, and lie believes he was rightly informed.
IJis parents kept a register of Ins age, as he thinks. He
has paid poll tax in Clinton county for the present year,
and has the sheriiF's receipt for the same," (C.,p.95.)
Upon this testimony the majority deduct this
vote from contestant, The loose statements to a
witness by the voter is deemed-and ruled judi-
cially, in this case, to be better evidence than tl>e.
sworn statement of"the voter himself. He is.dis-
believed and disfranchised by my colleagues of
the majority.
Again, John Sherron voted for c6ntestant, in
Lincoln county, and is chaltengedby sitting mem-
ber for nonage. No parole proof is offered in sup-'
port of this challenge, and the entire testimony-
consists of the following letter:
Milledgeville, Kentucky, November 6,1859.
Dear Sir : Since! saw you, I inquired of John Sherron
whether he had found the book his age was in. He said it
was misplaced by some means, and could not find It. V
sent to Ins uncle Sherron'sto see if he eouldgetthe record'
of his age. His uncle says he was twenty the 24th of last
July, r have seen his agp several times before it got mis-
placed, and was of opinion he was of age.
Yoms, with respect, ISAAC GIBSON,
Mi. William Anderson. (A.,p. 113.) v
Will it be credited that on this letter the re-1
corded vote of John Sherron is taken from con-
testant? The letter was not proved. The sheriff
proved that Isaac Gibson handed him the letter,
Imt he does not know who wrote it. The con-
testant excepted to this testimony as illegal, in-
competent. He objected to the letter as incom-
petent for any purpose; yet his objections were
overruled, and the vote of John Sherron deducted-
from his poll.
Again* the sitting member challenges the voteof
P. E. Graer, on alleged ground of want of citizen-
ship. One witness is offered to sustain this chal-
lenge. His testimony is as follows: . .
John W. Marion states:
" He is acquainted with F. E. Graer; heard him sayiie
was of foreign birth; that he was brought to the United
States when he was twelve years of age ; nl o heaul him
say lie could get his naturalization paper-* hy going to Som-
erset. I loaned him my horse to go. He sent my horse
hack, but did not return himself, lie said his father took
htm to Somerset, Pulaski county, where he took one oath,
lie called it the oath of allcsuancc. He said he had never
taken but one oath ; he said he would go to Somerset,and
get his papers, if they were correctly pie pared; and if he
was piopcrly or duly qualified to vote;, he would present
them, agreeable to the notice served on him; and if not, lie
would pay no attention to it."
On cross-examination, the witness said:
<{ F. E. Graer told me his father was a naturalized citizen
of the United States, and his father bi ought him here when
a small hoy. He said he thought he was legally naUuaUzed,
and a good and legal voter."
Upon this testimony the vote was deducted from
contestant. I submit that the proof shows that
the witness was a good voter. If tlie whole state-
ment be taken together, I defy the majority to im-
peach it. Here the law is not only violated in
admitting hearsay statements, not a part of the
" res gestae," to disfranchise a suffragan, but an-
other well-established rule of the law of evidence
is overthrown, requiring the whole statement to
be taken together, and not a part of it.
Perhaps a still more flagrant outrage upon every-
well-establishedrulc was committed in excluding
from the contestant the vote of John Haggin. He
was challenged for want of citizenship, by the
sitting member. The only witness introduced is
"VV. H. Prewett, one of the judges of the election
precinct No. 2, in Boyle "county. His entire
testimony, as to tli'is witness, is as follows:
({ W. II. l'rcwctt says voter is a foreigner, and voted for
OhrMnan. Voter did not exhibit his papers ; he said he
had them; he told witness he did not have his papers m
April last." (R., 2 vol., p. 35.)
The contestant introduced John A, Burton, a
gentleman of high character and personally known
to me, in support of Haggin's vote. He states:
"John Burton states he knows voter; he voted at the
last May election, at which time lie presented his natural-
ization papers, lie is a toll -gate keeper in said county."
(0., p. 191.)
This is the entire proof, as I remember, on
which this vote is deducted, in the majority re-
port, from contestant. •
So again with John Travis, who voted in Clin-
ton county for Chrisman, and who is challenged
by sitting member for want of citizenship. The
witness introduced, and the only one offered to
support this challenge, is Montgomery Howard:
" He states votertold him he was a foreigner by birth, and
told him since the election he had not yel gotten his nat-
uralization papers, but could got them hy sending on. He
has been m Kentucky not far from two jears; came from
Nashville. Tennessee. The judges who received his vote
knew him; one judge lived within two and a half mites from
voter, and the other within three miles oHum," (.Record,
2 vol., pp. 485,436.)
