1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m-
order, on the ground that the House could take no action
upon or transact other business than the election of Cletk
until such election was made." ♦
And then he referred to the law of Congress
that no other business can bo done until the Speaker
has been sworn in, by the oath being administered
to him by a member, and then the oath has been
administered to the other member^ of the House
by the Speaker. The proceedings in full on this
point are to be found in the twenty-first volume
Congressional Globe, first session Thirty-First
Congress, part first, page 740:
"Mr. Harris, of Illinois, rose and moved that the House
do now proceed to the election of a CJerk.
"Mr. Brown, of Mississippi, moved to amend the mo-
tion, by adding aftei the woid. 'Cleik,'-' the words 'and
Doorkeeper.5
"The Speaker. In the opinion oftfie Chais the amend-
ment is not 111 order.
"Mr. Brown, of Mississippi. Then I offer this resolu-
tion t
" Resolved, That the order heretofore passed by the Ilou^e
postponing the election oi Doorkeeper bo, <md the .-ame is
hereby, rescinded; and that the Hoiho ot Repiesentativct*
proceed at once to the election of Clerk and Dooi keeper
for the Thirty-First Congress.
"The Speaker said: In the opinion of theChaii.no
lesolution, no business. i? in order until a Clerk shall have
been elected; and the House can take action upon no sub-
ject whatever until tiic election of a Cleik; that b-.nng ne-
cessary to the organisation of the House."
On an appeal by Mr. Brown from the decision
of the Chair, which was sustained by the House
without a division, the Speaker stated his decision
in the following language:
" The Ciiaiu. has ruled that the resolution of the gentle-
man ftom Mississippi [Mr. Brown] is out of order, upon
the ground that the Hou<e is not organized until a Clerk
shall have been elected, and that no business is in order until
the House shall have been organized by the election of a
Clerk."
tfut, sir, aside from the question of order, we
have been here now almost three weeks.and upon
the first day of the session, before any serious
effort was made to organize this House, the dis-
cussion of the slavery question was thrust upon
it—even before a vote was taken for Speaker, save
an informal one ' True, we had one vote, but it
was like an informal ballot, merely to ascertain
the individual preferences of members for candi-
dates. Before any serious effort, therefore, was
made to organize the House, this discussion of
the whole slavery question was forced upon us
by the gentlemen who cry—"No agitation of sla-
very!" They have continued the discussion from
that day to this, while gentlemen upon this side
of the House have sat with closed hps, under the
grossest perversions of their doctrines ever at-
tempted by men who claim to be fair-minded.
We ask that the House should fust proceed
with its proper business. Their are now about
five million dollars due to honest creditors of the
Government, to men who have performed service
under written contracts, and to whom the faith
of the Governmentwas pledged. And now, when
they have performed that service, and waited al-
most or quite six months for their pay, you pro-
pose to go to your homes, or on pleasure trips,
and leave these men to be bankrupt because the
Government will not keep its faith with them!
We ask tjiatthe plighted faith of th«. Government
shall be observed to all men, but, above all, to its
just creditors who have performed service under
written contracts with it. And yet, gentlemen, we
have sat here for almost three weeks and listened
(with the exception of three or four speeches) to the
editorials of the New York Herald, for the last
month or two, rehashed and given to us in the
form of speeches. [Applause.] The Herald has
furnished brains for this whole discussion, which
has lacked, I am sorry to say, the terseness of
style that usually characterizes the column* of
that paper. The editorials of the Herald are usu-
ally spicy, and we read them with a good deal of
interest, but the manner in which they have been
used in this discussion lias stripped them of their
usual terseness of style.
Our time thus far has been consumed in adver-
tising Helper's book. If gentlemen are satisfied
with advertising and scattering broadcast tin ough
the land this pamphlet, which they say is so de-
structive to their peace and tranquillity—if they
are satisfied to give to it a circulation of thou-
sands where it wouldnot before have had one, then
they have performed a work that the publishing
committee of New York should thank them for;
for they tried more than a year to get up a circu-
lation for it and could not doit; but while they
failed, you have succeeded, and by your adver-
tisement here, spread it broadcast over the land;
and if it be as incendiary as you say, and its cir-
culation is dangerous to your peace and the repose
of this Union, you are responsible for it. We
have given it no advertisement that sent it forth
to be read by the people.
Several Members on the Democratic side. But
you indorsed it.
Mr. GROW. Gentlemen, when the proper
time comes for the discussion of our principles
and positions, we shall be ready,as wehave ever
been heretofore, to discuss and defend them; but
we have a right to ask, when our sentiments are
in the Congressional Globe, deposited with the
archives of the country, and the sentiments of all
our associates, put there from year to year for the
last five years, that you shall not attempt to rep-
resent our principles and positions by reading in
this Hall the perversions and libels of the Demo-
cratic press of the country as to our principles
and positions. We ask that we shall be judged
by our own sentiments, expressed by ourselves
over and over again on this floor, and uy our plat-
forms of principles adopted in our conventions,
and not by the perversions and misrepresentations
of our opponents.
I ask what fairness would there be in us if we
turned round and undertook to read to you from
the Republican press of the North what your sen-
timents and your doctrines are, when your own
sentiments are m the Congressional Globe, spoken
by yourselves, and the party lias spoken for you
in its resolutions formed by your consent?
Mr. Clerk, when a man charges me with being
an accomplice in murder, treason, arson, or any
other heinous crime, I have no answer to make
to if. I would treat it with that silent contempt
it deserves. My own political sentiments I am
ready to proclaim at all befitting times and in all
places and on all occasions; but my friends in
this case have seen fit, and, 1 think wisely, to
ask-that this House should make a seiious effort
to organize, by devoting thur whole time to that
business; that is to vote for Speaker, or on prop-
ositions for electing one. Let that be our busi-
ness until accomplished, and leave these ques-
tions of political doctrines to be discussed after
the House has been organized, and the creditors
of (his Government, that to-day stand on the
threshold of bankruptcy, are paid, Instead of
occupying the whole tune m discussing what a
pamphlet of one hundred and twelve pages con-
tains, and whether it is destructive of the peace of
the Union. Is the peace of this Union to be dis-
turbed, and its bonds severed by a printed pam-
phlet of one hundied and twelve pages? This
Union is not so strong as 1 supposed it was if
any pamphlet of on" hundred and twelve pages of
printed matter, I care not what it is, can disturb
its tranquillity and endanger its stability.
Now, J ask, and the friends with whom I co-
operate ask, that the business for which we came
here shall be djschaiged m accoidan<,e with the
law of Congress and the parliamentary law; un-
der the obligations we owe, not only to the whole
country, but to that meritorious ('lass of men
whom the faith of your Government is pledged to
protect and save from bankiuptey, after having
performed their part of your contract. 1, sir, have
no authority for making the declaration, but 1 have
heard it intimated—and I should not blame the
men 3f they did jt—that when the first day of
January comes, and the Government is not ready
to comply with the contracts made with them for
the transportation of the mails, and if it is not
ready to pay the four or five million dollars you
owe them, they will abandon your mail service.
If you choose, then, to let the mail service of the
country stop, rather than go on under the law of
Congress and organize the House, by receiving
and acting on propositions for that purpose, and
nothing else, then take the responsibility. We
share none of it. We have taken no part in this
discussion which delays the organization. We
consent to no adjournment over the holidays for
the convenience or amusement of members, while
this class of meritorious creditors of the Govern-
ment are left unprovided for.
Mr. WHTTELEY. I should like to know
upon whose motion the Post Office bill was de-
feated last session?
Mr. GROW. When that question comes up
properly for discussion, I shall be ready to an-
swer the gentleman fully; and have only to say
now, that, so far as I am concerned, as a Repre-
sentative; so long as I hold a place on this floor
I would no sooner consent that a coordinate de-
partment of the Government shall invade the pre-
rogatives of this House, than I would permit a
private citizen to violate any of the guarantees
and compacts of the Union. [Applause in the
galleries.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, obtained the floor.
Mr. WINSLOW. I wish to say a single,word
in reply to the gentleman.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I supposed the
gentleman from North Carolina had nnishedhis
remarks, and yielded the floor before the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania commenced. Now, sir, I
desire to occupy the floor for a minute.
Mr. WINSLOW. Let me say one word in
reply to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to occupy"
the floor myself. Mr. Clerk, am I entitled to the
floor ?
The CLERK. The gentleman from Virginia
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WINSLOW. All I have to say is, that
gentlemen will not complain of my taking up the
time of the House by speaking. I think that if
any gentleman is entitled to the floor by courtesy
it is one who seldom trespasses upon the patience
of the House. 1 only wish to make a single ob-
servation as a matter of explanation.
The CLERK. Does the gentleman from Vir-
ginia yield the floor to the gentleman from North
Carolina ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. No, sir; I wish to
occupy the floor myself.
Mr. WINSLOW. I wish only to say one
word in vindication of my party, *
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If the gentleman
wishes the floor for a personal explanation, I
will yield to him; if for any other purpose, I
piefer to proceed with what 1 have to say.
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 never had a personal diffi-
culty with any gentleman on this floor since I
have been a member of the House, and I never
explain anything J see in the newspapers about
myself. But I desire to make a single remark in
reply to the gentleman frcftn Pennsylvania.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If I can get the at-
tention of the House, I will occupy it but a short
time.
Air. MORRIS, of Illinois. I understand that
my colleague [Mr. Farnswouth] is entitled to
the floor, and if he does not desire to go on this
evening, 1 desire to uccupy the floor for a short
time.
The CLERK. The gentleman will permit the
Clerk to make a single remark. The gentleman
from Illinois upon the left [Mr. Farnsworth]
was entitled to the floor, and yielded for the pur-
pose of taking a ballot. If that gentleman claims
the floor after the House has balloted, the Clerk
is of the opinion that he is entitled to it. When
the gentleman from North Carolina rose and
asked leave to introduce his resolution, the gen-
tleman from Illinois did not seem to claim the
floor, and this interlocutory discussion grew up
under the attempt to introduce that resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question >
Mr, FARNSWORTH. I understand that when
the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Wins-
low] asked leave to introduce a resolution, it was
but an appeal to the courtesy of the House to
hear las resolution. J did not intend to yield the
floor. My colleague [Mr. Morris] informs me
that if I do not wish to speak to-night, he does.
I am very willing, therefore, to yield the floor to
him for that purpose.
Mr. RUFFIN. I object to it. Gentlemen have
no right to farm out tho floor in that way.
The CLERK. If the gentleman from Illinois
has yielded the floor, the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Smith] is upon it.
Mr. TA.PPAN. The gentleman from Illinois
has yielded the floor for a ballot, and I therefore
move that the House proceed to another ballot.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman fronj
Illinois yielded the floor to the gentleman from
North Carolina, to submit a resolution to the
House. Thai resolution has been read, and 
Mr. TAPPAN. He yields the floor for a bal-
lot, and I insist upon my motion.
Mr. REAGAN. The gentleman from Illinois
waited until the resolution was read, and then he
