222.
THE GON"GRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
waited until an elaborate speech was made upon
it." b'f '"the rgentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Grow;] antKiaving allowed that, he ccrtainly will
not prevent a-reply. By his own consent he has
permitted a-speech upon one side, and justice
requires- that he should allow a reply.
"Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to under-
stand exactly how this matter stands; and I think
if the House will permit me to make a statement,
there will be no misunderstanding of the position
which 1 occupy.
Mr: KILGORE. The gentleman from Illinois
has the floor.
Mr. SMITBi, of Virginia. I am upon the floor
to a question of order.
The CLERKTT The gentleman will suspend a
moment* It is impossible for the Clerk or the
House to hear any suggestion while there is so
much confusion in the Hall, and the Clerk will
entertain no proposition from any gentleman,
until the House comes to order.
Order being restored,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, said: I will now pro-
ceed to state the position of the gentleman from
Illinois.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Do I understand the
gentleman to rise to a point of order?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Certainly. The
gentleman from Illinois gave way to the gentle-
man from North Carolina, with a view of allow-
ing him to submit his resolution. He followed
it up with some remarks. Upon that, for the
first time, I may almost say, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, over the way, rose and addressed
some remarks to the Clerk and the House. He
indulged in quite an elaborate speech; he adverted
to matters and things unexpected to bo addressed
to us upon this question. The gentleman from
Illinois permitted that speech, and I put it to him,
will he refuse to hear a reply, even if he has the
right to prevent it ? The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania indulged in a course of remark which
demands from this side of the House an answer,
and will the gentleman from Illinois, if he have
the power, sit there and permit gentlemen upon
that side of the House to indulge in that vein of
remark, and refuse a r^ply to it upon this floor?
So much for that view of the subject.
But I maintain that the gentleman from Illinois
had surrendered the floor, and has lost his right
to it, and the question is now whether I, who
stand recognized by the Clerk, am entitled to the
floor and shall bo permitted to proceed. I sup-
pose upon that question, it is in order to submit
what remarks I desire to submit upon the point
of order.
Mr. KILGORE. Will the gentleman allow us
to take another vote for Speaker?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand the gen-
tleman from Virginia to ask me if I will retain the
floor, and prevent a reply to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. Gentlemen upon the other side
have been talking for nearly three weeks, and if
it is so very necessary that twenty or thirty of
them should reply to the remarks of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, I have not the slightest ob-
jection—not the slightest. I did not, however,
intend to abandon my right to the floor, by any
means. I understood the gentleman from North
Carolina to appeal to the courtesy of the House
to hear his resolution. The House did hear it,
and, at the first opportunity, I claimed my right
to the floor.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, I will pro-
ceed, upon the question of order, with what I have
to say, and the gentleman will be entitled to the
floor upon the mam question to-morrow morning.
The CLERK. Does the Clerk understand the
gentleman from Illinois to yield the floor to the
gentleman from Virginia ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Not at all.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am upon the floor
upon the point of order presented tu the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I suppose if the gen-
tleman wants to make a point of order he has a
right to make it, but what right has he to go any
farther than simply to make it?
The CLERK. "The Clerk understands that, by
the parliamentary law, a question of order may be
discussed.
Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Cantherebe
more than one point of order before the House at
the same time ? There is already one question of
order pending.
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks that, the ques-
tion whether there can be or not, is debatable.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will proceed, as I
suppose I have the rignt.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. It is evident
that, the House is not in a mood to proceed with
this discussion this evening. The gentleman from
Virginia will have an opportunity, to-morrow, to
answer my colleague, who gave our reasons for
objecting to the resolution of the gentleman from
North Carolina. Under these circumstances, if
the gentleman from Illinois will give way, I will
make a compromise motion—a motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will, with the un-
derstanding that I have the floor in the morning.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I propose, in order
to settle this question 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It is already set-
tled.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE—That the gentle-
man from Virginia have the floor this evening, and
that the gentleman from Illinois shall have the
right to it in the morning.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have the right to
go on.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
The CLERK. The g-entleraan from Pennsyl-
vania will recollect that the gentleman from Vir-
ginia is upon the floor, upon a point of order, and
that no gentleman can take the floor from him,
without his consent, while he so occupies it.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I insist that the Clerk
shall confine the gentleman to the discussion of
the point of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I recollect that I made
a point of order a few days ago, and claimed the
right to discuss it, when one of my colleagues
[Mr. Logan] was upon the floor, and the Clerk
decided that I had no right to discuss the point of
order; that I could only state it. T admit that the
gentleman may rise and interrupt me upon a point
of order; that he may state it, but not discuss it.
If the Clerk decides that he may discuss it, I take
an appeal from that decision of the Clerk.
The CLERK. The gentleman will pardon the
Clerk. The Clerk has no recollection of making
any such decision. The Clerk recollects that lie
stated that it was the right of the gentleman from
Illinois, if he claimed it, to state his point of order.
The point has arisen several times during the con-
test; and ho has no recollection of deciding, on
any occasion, that a point of order could not be
discussed. His decision in the case referred to
by the gentleman was, that he had obtained the
floor and had the right to state his point of order,
notwithstanding objection was made.
Mr. FARNSWOftTH. The Cleric decided that
I had the right to interrupt my colleague for the
puipuse of .stating my pointof Older; and I think
the Clerk will find, upon reference to the Globe,
that, when I claimed the right to discuss that
point of order, he decided that T had no right to
take the floor from my colleague for that purpose.
The distinction is between stating the point of
order and taking the floor from a gentleman al-
ready on it, for the purpose of discussing the
point of order.
Mr. REAGAN. The proposition which the
gentleman makes involves no contradiction what-
ever, if he will only rccognizc the aspect which
the question has assumed. In the case referred
to, the gentleman from Illinois [Mr Logan] was
on the floor, and was interrupted by his colleague,
to state the point of order. If the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farnswortii] had been on the floor,
and the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Smith]
had interrupted him to state a point of order, the
] proposition that he makes would have been the
j same as on the former occasion. But he had re-
' signed the floor to allow a resolution to be offered;
| a discussion had sprung up on that resolution,
. and the floor was assigned to the gentleman from
■ Virginia. And now, the gentleman from Illinois
! put himself m the position of occupying the floor,
j while, m truth, he does not occupy it.
! Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the gentleman
| from Illinois whether he wishes to address the
I House now?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I want to have a vote
first.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If he does, I ask
him to permit me to submit a few remarks.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. " I do not hold the
flooiiby the courtesy of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, or by his permission at all. I have a right
to go on now and make my speech, or to give
way to a motion to ai^oum. Just as I choose.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. But, as I under-
stand the Clerk to state that I am entitled to the
floor, the gentleman cannot make his speech unless
by my courtesy; and I am very willing to exer-
cise that courtesy, so as to let the gentleman speak
now if he desires to do so.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have the decision of
the Clerk, made the other day in the case to which
1 have alluded. I will read it:
" Mr. Farnswortii. J make this question of order 
< Mr. Logan. The gentleman ha* made his point of
older, and 1 insist that I am entitled to the floor, even if the
point of order is entertained, to discuss it.
"Mi\ Farnswortii. I have the floor, and I make that
question ot order, and if it is debatable I propose to debate
it.
"Mr.Logan. I want to know how my colleague can
take the floor from me to make a question of oi der.?
" Mr. Farnswortii. Any gentleman has a right to make
a question of order, and I suppose I can discuss it.
"The Clerk. The Clerk will not decide that the gen-
tleman from Illinois has the right to take the floor from his
colleague.
" Mr. Farnsworth. I do not propose to take the floor
ft ora my colleague, but I propose to state the grounds of my
question ofoidtr.
" The Clerk. The Clcik thinks the gentleman has the
right to state his reasons for tailing the question of order."
Mr. REAGAN. The reason of that was 
The CLERK. Will the gentleman from Texas
permit the Clerk to explain? In the case referred
to, the gentleman's colleague was on the floor.
The gentleman raised the point of order. The
Clerk decided that he had a right to state the point
of order, but that he could not take the floor from
his colleague for the purpose of discussing the
point of order. The Clerk thinks that that de-
cision was right. During the discussion that grew
up here to-day, on the attempt to introduce the res-
olution, the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Smith]
obtained the floor, and was recognized by the
Clerk. Up to that point of time, the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] had not claimed
hifi right to the floor, which he had yielded for
the purpose of going to a ballot. The Clerk, pre-
suming that he was not inclined to press his right
at that time, recognized the gentleman from Vir-
ginia on the question that had been raised on the
introduction of the resolution. It was then that
j his attention was called to the fact that the gen-
' tleman from Illinois was entitled to the floor. In
the mind of the Clerk, the aspect of this question
is very different from that of the question the other
day.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. How do I understand
the Clerk to decide this question ?
Tin- CLERIC. The gentleman from Virginia,
having obtained the floor on the point of order
raised on the attempt to introduce the resolution,
is entitled to the floor on that point of order. If
the gentleman from Illinois claims the floor, on
the understcindingwhich was had at the time, that
he yielded it to go to a ballot, the Clerk feels that
he has a right to claim the floor for the 'purpose
of discussion. But if the gentleman claims the
floor for any other purpose, this interlocutory
discussion having grown up under the attempt
to introduce the resolution, the Clerk thinks
that the gentleman from Virginia is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do claim my right
to the floor for the purpose of discussion.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, I ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois to yield now to a motion to
adjourn.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If I do not lose my
right to the floor to-morrow, I will yield.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Then I move
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. WHITELEY. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. SIMMS asked for tellers on the yeas and
! nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hickman
and Cox were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes twenty-eight; not one fifth of the members
present.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to: and thereupon (at four o'clock, p. m.)
the House adjourned.
