3130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jime 18,
I submit, if the statement of the voter be taken
as true, it proves he was naturalized, as other-
wise he could not have gotten his papers by send-
ing for them. The judges knew this voter well,
took his vote; and yet on loose, hearsay, illegal
evidence, his vote is taken away.
" By what authority did the majority of the com-
mittee exclude the name of Henry White from
.the contestant? ' A voter by that" name is chal-
lenged by the sitting member as having voted for
contestant in district No. 3, in Boyle county.
The poll-book for that district is exhibited and
shows that no such voter voted, and yet the ma-
jority of the committee deduct a vote from the
contestant upon the testimony of several wit-
nesses, who state they know no such man as
Henry White. I had supposed that it was as
essential to a successful challenge to show that
the party challenged had voted, as the produc-
tion of the corpus delicti was essential to a con-
viction for murder. Has the right of suffrage
become so mere a bauble that it is thus to be trifled
with and trampled down? Are our privileges on
this floor so trivial and insignificant that they are
to be frittered away by a species of testimony that
lacks every ingredient of competency, relevancy,
and reliability ?
But once more. C. P. Springer, who voted in
Boyle county for Chrisman,is challenged for non-
rcsidence. The challenge is attempted to be sus-
tained by the following proof:
" Stage Goode and J. H. Williamson testify that voter
lived in Louisville,and claimed that ashis home, lie left
a few days after the election." (Record, Q vol , p. 46.)
"W.A. Harness says, voter iiad been at work in Danville
about two months before the election. He said lie was no
voter here." (R., 2 vol.)
The contestant sustains the vote by the follow-
ing testimony:
" John Springer states that lie is the father of voter. Voter
resided in Louisville tlii the 10th day of December last,
when he broke up housekeeping and removed to the house
of witness, in precinct No. 3, Boyle county; and from that
time up to this he has continued to reside there; he lias
claimed no other lesidence. lie brought with him all his
property, including household furniture. lie has bought
His pork for family use for the next year, and has paid taxes
in the county." (O., p. 189.)
John Huggin.—(Respondent's brief, p. 47.)
I submit to the impartial consideration of the
House, whether this vote was legally deducted
from contestant.
Mr. CARTER. I rise to a question of order.
Did not I hear the Speaker say that the hour of
the gentleman from Kentucky was out?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman had the unan-
imous acquiescence on the part of the House to
proceed with his argument until the hour of half
past one, wlien the main question is to be called.
Mr. CARTER. I object.
Mr. GARTRELL. The gentleman from New
York has no right to object.
Mr. CARTER. I do object.
Mr.DAWES. I hope thegentleman from New
York will not object.
Mr. CARTER. When we are so near the close
of the session,and the public business is pressing,
I do not think a gentleman, upon a question of this
kind, should be allowed to proceed beyond the
time allowed him, tinder the rules House.
Mr. STEVENSON. The ge^leman from New
York [Mr. Carter] regards a title to a seat here
of not much importance. He seems anxious for
the sacrifice.
Mr. DAWES. I think the gentleman has the
right to have his time extended sufficiently to
make up for the interruptions on our part; and
no man, I trust, will deny him that courtesy.
We took the time from him by his courtesy.
The SPEAKER. The House gave thegentle-
man consent to proceed, and he will proceed in
order.
Mr. STEVENSON. Now, Mr. Speaker, I
will cite one voter more. I invoke the attention
of the House—nay, I would almost appeal to the
legal ingenuity of the sitting member himself—to
tell by what process the majority excluded this
vote? 1 will quote the testimony, and my col-
league [Mr. Anderson] will correct mo if I do
not state it correctly; for I have no desire to do
him or the majority injustice. I refer to the vote
of Charles Voss, who voted for Chrisman, in
Boyle county, and was challenged by the sitting
member on the ground of citizenship. The poll-
book incorporated in the record shows that this
witness was sworn by the judges before he voted.
His vote is attempted to be rejected by the fol-
lowing proof:
Charles Voss —W. A. Harness states that voter is a for-
eigner, and exhibited no naturalization papers when he
voted; voter was sworn; witness does not know how lorn*
lie had been there before the election; witness was not an
officer of said election.
UR. W. Washington states he was one of the judges of
election in precmctNo. 4, Boyle county; he sees the name
of CharlG3 Voss on the poll-book, but knows nothing about
it, and recollects nothing but what he sees in the poll-
book." (Vol. 2, p. 56.)
The rejection of this vote was a manifest legal
outrage. Itignoresdirectly the provisions of the
Kentucky statute. The action of the majority,
in this particular, finds no basis of reason, justicc,
or authority to reston. A similar rule mightun-
scat any member of this House. I have looked in
vain for the seniblance of propriety in the disre-
gard of this vote.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. Does not
the record show that the law requires him to pro-
duce his papers, and that his papers were not
produced?
Mr. SIMMS. Thelaw of Kentucky requireshim
to satisfy the judges of his qualifications to vote.
Mr. STEVENSON. Kentucky law contains
no such absolute requisitions as that stated by the
sitting member. It prescribes that when a voter
is challenged, certain specific questions shall be
propounded by the judges to him under oath.
If the judges know the votcrto have been natural-
ized,the production ofhis papers is not required.
The record shows that in this instance the voter
was sworn; and that the judges, after hearing his
replies, admitted him to vote. The judges are
sworn to let none but qualified voters vote; and
the reception by them of this vote must be pre-
sumed to be legal, until the contrary is made to
appear, either by direct or positive proof, or by
necessary inferences from established facts. It
is a legal presumption, which I have the right to
insist and rely upon until it is controverted and
disproved. No such attempt is made here. A
voter is disfranchised whose vote is received, sim-
ply because he is proved to have been a foreigner,
and did not produce his papers. Rotli these state-
ments may be true, and yet the nsjht to vote ex-
ist. The action of the majority of the committee
woxitd seem to have been based on the presump-
tion that the officers have not done their duty,
or that no foreign vote can be received in Ken-
tucky, without the production of his naturaliza-
tion papers. Nosuch presumptionoanbeindulged,
and the latter proposition is not true.
Mr. MOORE,of Kentucky. 1 ask my colleague
if the constitution of Kentucky does not require
a foreigner to produce his naturalization papers'1
Mr. STEVENSON. It is not necessary, if
the judge knows that he has been naturalized.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. How can you
show that the judge does know it?
Mr. STEVENSON. In the easiest way ima-
ginable. It is to be presumed that these judges
are honorable men, and have discharged their
duty according to law. Now, sir, in ease a man
has lost his naturalization papers, if the judges
swear him, and he states under oath that fns pa-
pers aie lost, and they believe lum to have been
naturalized, they have the light to admit linn to
vote. This witness was sworn, and the judges
must have been satisfied, or they would not have
received his vote. A judge may know that the
voter is naturalized from having before seen his
papers, or from his voting for many years. This
being true, the record of his vote is conclusive,
until the evidence on which the judges received
the vote is .shown to be untrue. That is not even
attempted; for, admitting that he is a foreigner,
and did not produce his papers, which is ail that
is proved, no?i constat that he is not a good voter.
Mr. Speaker, a rule which is a correct orte
should work both ways. I have attempted to
show the utter disregard of every rule of evidence
which has marked the action of the majority of
the committee, in rejecting the votes of the con-
testant. How is it with regard to the votes of the
sitting member, challenged by contestant? I will
cite an instance or two of votes given to the sit-
ting member challenged by contestant. Edward
Jones, who voted for the sitting member in Boyle
county, is challenged on the giound of idiocy by
contestant. Two witnesses are introduced, who
testify as follows:
" Edward Jones— Challenged because he is an idiot, and
incapable of voting. (C., p. 7.)
"Milton J. Durham states he know*; voter, who resides
in precinct No. 1 of Boyle county. He knows of no other
Edward Jones in said county. Several jcar  ano voter
Wda pronounced an idiot bv a juiy in the Boyle circuit
couit, and again in 1835 or 1655. Witness wiore the repoit
of his committee at the la<-.t August teim of court, which
was since the election. Ills vote i-s iecoided for Anderson.
\yitness considers him an idiot. (C., p. 199.)
Chrisman states that he is clei kof the Boyle cir-
cuitcourt,and keeper of the recoup of buidcomt. Knows
officially that voter has been legularlv found to be an idiot
for the last eight year* ; has been snppoited out of the pub-
lic tieasury, and is jegularly leported as an idiot bv the au-
ditor of Kentucky. He voted for Anderson for Congiess,
or his name is so recorded." (C., p. 203.)
Yet the majority refuse, on this evidence, to re-
ject this vote. The proof is by far too weak and
unsatisfactory.
Again: George McNcal, who voted for sitting
member in Boyle county, is challenged by con-
testant on ground of non-residence. He supports
it by the following testimony:
" George McNcal—Challenged because of non-resi-
dence.
u M. J. Durham states that he is acquainted with voter,
who voted for Anderson at the late Au^n-t election. In
the week before the election votoi told wirnes«that hMirui
opened a bianch of his buMne«.s in Lancaster, Gairard
county, and would le.ne that day or the next to Mipeim-
tend it. He left hi« basines-; with witness. Wiinr^ did
not see him from that day till the day of the election. When
he wan m Danville witness saw hi in eveiy day. Ever Mnec
the election voter has been residing m Lancaster."
Yet this vote is deemed valid by the majority,
and the evidence deemed wholly insufficient to
impeach it.
If my time permitted, Mr. Speaker, I could go
through thisrecord, and contrast the action of the
committee, in then majority report, when acting on
the voters challenged by contestant, and those by
the sitting member. I should like to group them,
in order that the comparison might be made, how
stiingent in their requisitions of legal evidence the
majority were in one case, and how utterly lax in
the total disregard of it in the other.
As to the rejection of one entire precinct in Ca-
sey county, by which the contestant was deprived
of a large number of votes, I have already attempt-
id to show, in a former part of this argument, that
the public ar<i not to suffer from the failure of min-
isterial officers to discharge their duty. If the sitting
member would willingly stifle the popular voice
of so large and respectable portion of the people
of Casey county, by rejecting the poll-book on
the mere technicality of a want of certificate, he
cannot, in my judgment, legally do so. The proof
m this case is amply sufficient to sustain the poll,
and it should not have been lejected.
I have given a fair specimen of the character of
the pioof by which individual votes have been
taken by the majority of this committee from the
poll of contestant, and on what proof they have
refused to deduct votes from the contestant. I
wish I had time to go through each vote, and cite
the evidence on which it was rejected. If the
House will do so, they will be satisfied that con-
testant is elected by more I ban 7 votes.
I am painfully aware, Mr. Speaker, that it is
an unpleasant and laborious duty to be on the
Committee of Elections. I know, too, that it is
a position of deep responsibility and delicacy. I
feel that delicacy, sir, as much as any Represent-
ative on this floor. It is a serious and unwelcome
duty to pass upon the title of our peers to their
seats in this Hall. In disehaigmg my duty as a
member of that committ'-e to-day, I have at-
tempted not to go into tiie personnel of this con-
troversy. 1 have attempted to look at and discuss
the case as a lawyer rather than a partisan. I
should not have alluded to the course of my col-
league m his Blah vote, but fur the fact that the
gentleman the other day assumed somewhat to
reflect upon the minority as not having read all
the evidence in this cnse,and not having made out
a list of all the bad votes.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. Have you
read the evidence in the Blair case >
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 read every particle of
evidence on the census returns, and the' case turned
on their reception as legal evidence.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I read part
of it myself.
Mr. STEVENSON. But. unfortunately, you
did not read the right part. [Laughter.] You
did nor read the part upon which the ease turned,
and which satisfied every South American but
yourself ^that Barret was elected. I have looked
carefully over the record in this case, and I have
