1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Thirty millions of this is silver, which mostly goes
to England. If the produce of our country—the
provisions and flour of the great West, the varied
manufactures of the North in wood and iron,*
which are finding markets in the West Indies, the
shipping of the Gulf and the Pacific, with six thou-
sand miles of Mexican sea-coast, and the mining
enterprise of our citizens, had a full range under
a good government, with this reciprocal free trade,
under this well-conceived treaty, what a tide of
prosperity would flow between us and Mexico!
The princely city of London votes Lord Elgin its
hospitalities', because he quadrupled the trade be-
tween us and Canada by the reciprocity treaty.
He boasted, in his response to the gratufations
of the merchant kings, that his Chinese treaty, if
carried out, would open to English enterprise a
trade with four hundred million people. Yet, at
our doors we neglect the rarest chances of com-
mercial enlargement. There is not a product be-
tween our Mexican boundary and Panama which
is not wanted by us. There is not a product of
our skill and industry that will not find a market
in that country. May I not be pardoned for illus-
trating this view from my own State of Ohio ? Its
statistician, Mr. Mansfield, in his report for 1859,
estimates our grain product at an average of one
hundred and twelve million eight hundred and
eighty-three thousand eight hundred and seventy
bushels. Where is the State in the world which
can equal this in these elements of life? New
York has but seventy-six million six hundred
and thirty-nine thousand nine hundred and ten
bushels; less acres in cultivation, and a less aver-
age to the acre. Prance, with her nicety of cul-
tivation, has but an average of thirteen and a half
bushels to the acre, while Ohio has twenty-two
and a half. Gallicia even falls behind this model
State of the Mississippi valley, where more people
can live well than in any other land on the earth.
The value of Ohio live-stock ranges over seventy
million dollars, from which are made our smoked
and salted meats. These would be dutyfree under
thfe treaty. Has Ohio no surplus for exporta-
tion? no interest in an extended market? If I
summoned each Representative to lay before us
the specialty of his State, for which free trade is
ofieretf in this treaty, what a museum of national
exchanges would we not show, to pour into the
freat current of trade which would follow its rati-
cation!
What can Mexico give us in return ? Is it coffee
and sugar? Their consumption with us-is now
almost as general as that of bread. Colima and
the other Pacific States offer their rich coffee and
sugar lands, unequaled by Cuba, and surpassing
Louisiana or Texas. The present supply is in-
adequate to our demand. We pay too much for
both. So with cocoa, cochineal, and the finer
qualities of tobacco. So, too, with the tropical
fruits. Our iron, in all its shapes of usefulness,
would have a fine clRnce in a country where, at
times, it has been of equal value with the precious
metals, and where, even yet, wooden plows per-
form the office in agriculture which we are begin-
ning to perform with iron and steam. And yet you
can buy to-day in New Orleans thirty thousand
Ohio and Pennsylvania plows at thirty-six dollars
per dozen! If we could have settled relations with
Mexico, and if Mexico herself could be tranquil-
ized, I doubt not that $,50,000,000 of silver per an-
num could be produced. Pour fifths of this would
come to us. Our mining interests now give us
9,000,000, with only twenty thousand persons
employed. Think of such an enterprise applied
to the silver mines of Mexico ! We need the sil-
ver to purify our specie currency of its adulter-
ated silver coin. We have the quicksilver now
in our midst to aid this production. We must
change, by some new enterprise, the ratio between
the production of gold and silver. The leads of
the eastern slope of the Rocky Mountains have
already made that late lonely land the seat of
thriving towns and remunerative industry. That
beautiful plateau, those affluent gulches, those
seams of gold-bearing quartz, whose amazing ex-
tent and richness are described in memorials on
our table as lands which have never been equaled
or even approached at any period on the face
of the earth for their miraculous wealth—those
rivers, whose sand is silver, and whose pebbles
are gold, are not merely stimuli to our eater-
prise, but they indicate, by their topographical
and geological laws, and by their position as a
1243
part of the great range from Chili to Frazei"s
river, that they are the approach, the vestibule of
that immense temple^whose sunless architecture
has its endless colonnade and mystic chambers
beneath our continental sierras! Prom these
sources Spain shone resplendent for centuries,
and only and deservedly lost them because she
lavished them on a corrupt royalfy, and to glut
a base avarice.
In Mexico alone, where those resources were
only " scratched" by the rude science of the time,
from the conquest to 1836, (by official data fur-
nished by the Ministerio De Fomento,) we find
a coinage of $2,636,745,951, figures under which
the mind reels in its romance after the wonders of
wealth! Of this amount, $2,534,115,679 were of
silver alone! The gold amounted to $96,892,142.
What a fruitage from these sterile mountains!
What apples of gold in pictures of silver! No
Yankee Aladdin ever had dreams to rival thisarith-
metic of ready and coined cash! Q,uitc a lot of loose
change to chink in the pantaloons of Young Amer-
ica ! [Laughter.] And yet, this land of sterile
sierras, with their untold coffers of wealth, has no
parallel for the salubrity of its climate, the rich-
ness of its soil, and the balmy beauty and soft
influences of its sky. Mexico lias her Tierras
Calientes, her Tierras Frias; but above all, her
Tierras Ten^Dladas, which combine the virtues of
all soils, and the beauties of all heavens. Homer
had poetic glimpses of such a land, when lie thus
depicted it:
" Stem winter smifes on that auspicious clime,
The fields are florid witti unfading pnrfie ;
From the bleak pole no winds inclement blow,
Mold the round hail, or flake the fleecy snow;
But from the breezy deep the Jilest inhale
The fragrant murmurs of the western gale."
But alas! civil discord is the serpent of this
paradise. Anarchy, like the orange, is here in
perpetual fruit and bloom. The murdered coijse
is found beneath the palm and the cocoa. Here
every prospect pleases,and only man is vile; If
it bo true that the weaker and disorganized na-
tionsmust be absorbed and controlled by the strong
and organized nations, and that nationalities of
inferior grade must succiTmb and surrender to
those of superior civilization and polity, then
there is no power short of the Almighty which
can m time prevent tho absorption, aggrandize-
ment, and elevation of this rich and lovely land,
by its union with these States of confederated and
constitutional freedom.
Give the United States, with its steam engine,
its unrest, its self-government, and its energy,
the protective control of these regions, and do you
doubt that we would outstrip England in com-
merce? The commodities for interchange are
ready. What we want is settled relations with
Mexico. We want a steam communication on the
Gulf, such as proposed by Colonel Butterfield,
which will be, as has been proved by England in
her relations with Spanish America, and by us in
our relations with Cuba, the open sesame to the
riches of this heaven-favored and man-cursed
country.
We expend our money in opening Japan and
China to the world. We send ships and embas-
sies, and cultivate the humanities and amenities
of the age, in persuading, astonishing, and inter-
locking in mutual interest the^lands of the far
Orient; but at our very tlireslrold wo miss our
golden opportunities. In the absence of a well-
defined intercontinental policy, such as is pro-
posed in the treaty and in the message of Presi-
dent Buchanan, our interests have suffered not
less than $30,000,000 per annum. For ten years
we have been struggling for a safe and quick
transit to the Pacific, in vain. Capital has been
loth to venture, for the reason that no adequate
protection has been given in its use. Emigration
has been meager and uncertain, because there
was no stimulus to labor and no certainty of its
results. _ . .
I have thus shown the condition of Mexico^ t
have given the reasons why some intervention
should be had. There is no reason in the inter-
est A"economy and commerce; indemnity for past
wrong and security for future immunity; in the
interest of humanity and civilization ; in the code
international or the forum of conscience; in the
decrees of Divine Providence, as He works with
man in the order and happiness of His creatures,
which does not appeal to us for intervention in
Mexico.
I proceed to notice some of the objections against
the policy enunciated:
1. Is it objected that our intervention, under
the fifth and sixth of the conventional articles of
the treaty,by force, will involve us in war? I be-
lieve their simple ratification would bring England
into concert with us, drive Miramon from the
country, and, by such a partial intervention now,
save war and constant intervention hereafter. We
must else contend with France find England, who
will do this duty. We have the opportunity of
giving to Mexico the best liberal government
which has yet arisen. It is inclined towards us.
Even Miramon, when protesting to us against the
treaty, considers our recognition of the establish-
ment, as he calls it, (establecimiento,) at Vera
Cruz, as a thing inexplicable to him—as utterly-
impossible but a few years ago, when Mexico
lived upon the rant of the soldiery about the
Yankees, and before her statesmen had learned to
understand our aims and institutions. -
2. Is it objected that this treaty will prevent an-
nexation ? Why, Fuente, the Mexican Minister
of Foreign Affairs, refused to sign it because he
feared to give away the sovereignty of Mexico.
How can these objections be reconciled ? By a
division of sovereignty. But what is sovereignty
without the concomitant power ? What the empty
crown of royalty, without the head to plan or the
arm to execute. Mexico has the right, but not
the power; we furnish the last. If, then, it be
objected to this treaty that it will prevent any
annexation to this country, because it elevates
Mexico into the dignity of an assured independ-
ence, 1 ask, if this followed, would annexation be
less desirable or less probable ?
3. Is it objected that we have territory and peo-
ple enough for our own happiness and content-
ment? If Mr. Jefferson had so believed, we never
should have had our southwestern empire, with
the Mississippi holding by its mobile drops of
water this Union in its steadfast poise. If John
Q.uincy Adams had so reasoned, would not Flor-
ida-still have been,-as Cuba is now, a menace
to our peace, and a clog to our progress? Had
Robert J. Walker and John C. Calhoun so be-
lieved, we never should have had the lone star
of Texas on our flag and her territory in our
Union. Had James K.Polk so believed, Cali-
fornia would still have remained a paralyzed limb
of the diseased body of Mexico. Had Pierce so
believed, the Messilla would still be a terra incog-
nita, and her mineral wealth would have had no
chance for development. I have no fear of terri-
torial expansion, sir, with tho spirit of the Con-
federation preserved uncorruptea and pure.
4. Isitobjected thatMexicohasnotapopulation
suited to our system of self-government? Had
not Louisiana her French, Florida and Texas
their Spanish, and California and New Mexico
a population like that of Mexico? These are be-
coming homogeneous with the lapse oftime. There
is no reason why, under our system of local self-
go vermnent and Federal decentralization,allMex-
ico should not live and progress under our Gov-
ernment with the Same success to herself and
safety to us which these acquisitions have wit-
nessed.
q. Is it objected that already we have distrac-
tion and threats of dissolution ? Is it said that
more territory would onl y add to our disquietude ?
Is the slavery question to disturb us from our tread
in the path of empire? Are wc to be hemmed
in by fear of disunion? If this country, with
its present Constitution, reposing on the intelli-
gence of our people and .the history of its form-
ation , cannot grow without danger, it cannot live
much longer without gangrene and decay. If there
be vitality to hold us together, there is vitality
with which to expand. Nay, without this ex-
pansion, decay is more rapid and disruption more
certain. This country has settled one thing, be-
yond the power of politicians to disturb it; and
that is, that the Federal Government shall not
intervene in the home affairs of the States; and
that when they are in preparation for admission,
no power but themselves, guided by their own
wants and interests, shall, or of right ought to,
prohibit or establish, or in any way control, their
domestic institutions.
Mr. STANTON. Has the gentleman read the
veto messages of Governors Black and Medary?
Perhaps, if he had. he would not regard that doc-
trine as the fixed policy of the country.
