1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IN SENATE.
Friday, December 23, 1859.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. P. D. Gurle y ,D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of the
settlers on the Fort Atkinson military reservation,
and old Indian agency", in "Winneshiek county,
Iowa, praying the right of preemption; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. KENNEDY presented the memorial of
Richard*Waiiach, George W. Riggs,and others,
praying to be allowed to construct passenger rail-
ways along the principal streets and avenues of
the cities of Washington and Georgetown; which
was referred to the" Committee on the District of
Columbia.
He also presented the memorial of John Pickell,
late a lieutenant in the Army, praying that his
presentpensiori may date back from the tune when
lie was compelled to resign his commsision, in
consequence of injuries received at the battle of
Port Drane, during the Seminole war; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. TRUMBUXL presented the petition of
John W. Wickizer, praying additional compen-
sation for taking the census in the counties of
Monterey and Santa Cruz, in the State of Cali-
fornia; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. IVERSON presented resolutions of the
Chamber of Commerce of Savannah, Georgia, in
favor of the renewal of the mail service between
Charleston and Savannah, and Key West and
Havana, by the steamer Isabel; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, presented addi-
tional papers in support of the claim of George
W. Farmer to pay for services in marking out
and opening a road from Reynoldsburg, Tennes-
see, to the Chickasaw Old Town, in the year 1816;
which were referred to the Committee on Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
memorial of John Scott, of Florida, praying to
be released from certain judgments obtained by
the United States against him and his sureties,
for failing to carry the mail, according to contract,
upon mail route No. 3503, from New Orleans to
Key West, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 22) for the relief of John Scott, Hill
W. House, and Samuel 0. House. The bill was
read, and passed to a second reading; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was refprred the memorial of Arnold Harris and
Samuel F. Buttcrworth, sureties of William G.
Kendall, late postmaster at New Orleans, praying
to be released from the payment of a judgment
against them, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill (S. No. 23) for the relief of Arnold Harris
and Samuel F. Buttcrworth. The bill was read,
and passed to a second reading; and the report
was oidercd to be printed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Rebecca A. Correll, widow
of Isaac Cornell, deceased, late a private in company D,
eleventh regiment, United States infantry, praying for a pen-
sion, on the files of the Senate, be refeued to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Alexander Miller, pne of
the heirs of Alexander Miller, deceased, praying lemuner-
ation for property destroyed duimg the last war with Great
Britain, on the fileb ot the Senate, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affair.-? and Militia
Ou motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, it was
Ordered, That the petition of John Bronson, praying
pajmcnt for goods k)«t and destroyed by the enemy on the
Niagaia frontier during the Iti^t war, on the tiles of the
Senate, be roieired to the Committee on Mihtaiy Affairs
and Militia. ,
On motion of Mr. PUGH, it was
Ordered, That the petition of William Sawyer and other
citizen* of Auglaize county, Ohio, m lelation to the con-
firmation of their titles to certain lands in that county, on
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
On motion of Mr. PUGH, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Abtey S. Chaplin, widow of
Jodiah Snelling, late an officer in the Army of the United
States, praying for a pension, on the files of the Senate, be
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. CHESNUT, it was
Ordered, That the report of the Court of Claims, in favor
of the claim of Charner T. Scaife, of South Carolina, ad-
ministrator of Gilbert Stalker, deceased* on tne files of the
Senate, be referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. ICENNEDY, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Tench Tilghman, praying
remuneration for losses sustained by him m consequence
of his appointment to a consulate, which was abolished by
the Spanish Government while he was on his way to take
charge of the same, on the filfs of the Senate, be referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion of Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Cranstoun Laurie, a clerk
in the Post Office Department, praying compensation for
e\tia services, on the tiles of the Senate, be referred to the
Coi/imittee on the Post Office and Post Itoads.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordi'reJ, That the petition of Samuel R. Franklin, a
lieutenant in the Navv, praying to be allowed the difference
between his pay and that of purser, during the time bo per-
formed tne duties of purser on boaid the Uuitcd States ship
Falmouth, presented December 15, be referied to the Com
mittee on Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of William D. Mosely, pray-
ing to be released from a eontiact to furnish Hve-oak for a
sloop*of-\.-ur, which he assumed as surety, but is unable to
complete, on the file^ of the Senate, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Oulcred, That the petition of D. G. Farragut, a captain
in the Navy, praying to he allowed an amount paid by him
to two master ' mates enlisted by him, under the authority
of the Navy Department, which was rejected on the settle-
ment of Jus accounts, on the files of the Senate, be referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the mcmoual of Ann Scott, widow or
William B. Scott, deceased, asking that authority may be
given to the accounting oflicers of the Treasuiy to allow
her a commission upon the disbursements of her husband as
pension .isent, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the
Committee on Naval Afiairs.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered. That the petition of Joseph Chaires, executor
of B. Chaires, deceased, and Gad Humphreys and Pedro
Miranda, prating the passage of a law diiccting the auivcy
of their confirmed title to a tract of land agreeably to the
boundaries in the original grant to Joseph Arredondo, on
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
On motion of Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of Frederick Vin-
cent, administrator of James Le Caze, of the firm of Le
Gaze & Mallet, on the tiles of the Senate, be referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of John It. Nourse,
piayinjr that execution on a judgment against him as so-
cuntyin the bond of the late Pursei William P. Zantzinger
mavbc stayed, on the filc.3 ot the Senate, be leferred to the
Committee ou Claims.
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of itichard W. Clarke, piay-
ingadditional compensation for extra services whilea mes-
senger in the Pension Office, on the files of the Senate, bo
rciened to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. KING, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Mary Evnrta, only surviv-
ing child of Gideon Brownson, a soldier in the war of the
Revolution, praying for a pension, on the files of the Sen-
ate, hoi etui red to the Committee on Pensions.
BILLS INTRODUCED. ~
Mr. WADE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a hill (S. No. 19)
legalizing certain entries of lands on Leavenworth
Island, in the State of Missouri; which was read
twice by its title1, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 20) placing
the heirs of volunteers who served against Groat
"Britain on an equal footing with the heirs of those
who served in Mexico; which wos read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia.
Mr. PUGH asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 21) in
relation to the Louisville and Portland canal:
which was read twice ^y its title, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DAVIS, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 24) to provide temporary governmcntandtOi
create the office of surveyor general in the Ter-'
ritory of Arizuma; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Territo-
ries.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S-. No. 25) direct"
ing the manner in which the testimony of certain
judicial officers may be taken for use in the several
courts of the United States; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on, the
Judiciary.
POST ROUTES.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved. That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing post routes from Yrcka, Shasta, and Murphy, tn the
State oi California, to Genoa, in the Territory of Utah.
SOLDIERS' BOUNTY LAtfD.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of extending the benefits up
to tile present time, of the act approved March 3, 185S,
c- granting bounty land to certain officers and soldiers who
have boon engaged in the military service of the United
States."
SENATE LIBRARY.
Mr. MALLORY. I submit the following res-
olution, and ask for its present consideration:
Kesoiverf, That the Committee on the Library be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of having a suitable
room fitted up for a Senate Library.
Mr. MASON. Let it lie on the table.
The resolution accordingly lies on the table
under the rules.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Several messages from the President of the Uni-
ted States were received, by the hands of James
Buchanan, jr., his Secretary; and on motion of
Mr. GREEN the Senate proceeded to the consid-
eration of executive business. After some time
spent therein the doors were reopened, and the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 23, 1859.
The House met at twel-*e o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. B. H. Nadal.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The CLERK stated the question to be as to
whether the House would entertain Mr. Wins-
low's proposition submitted yesterday, for are-
cess, on which the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Farnswortii] was entitled to the floor.
THE SPEAKERSHIP.
Mr. FARNSWORTH.' Mr. Clerk, as I an-
nounced yesterday morning, and as I have stated
repeatedly, I will very cheerfully give way, if it
be the disposition of the House, to proceed to a
ballot for Speaker. But I wish to say in this
connection that in giving way to such a motion,
if it be the disposition of any gentleman to make
it, I am not to be understood as giving way for
other gentlemen to occupy the floor.
Mr. NOELL. I object to any gentleman hsld-
ing the floor this way from day to day.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I want the gentleman
to go on and make his speech, because the rest
of us desire to be heard. I object to him farming
out the floor for days and days. Let the gentle-
man cither make his speech now, or yield the
floor entirely.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Illinois
slates that lie will not yield the floor, except for
the purpose of a ballot.
Mr. NOELL. I object to any ballot being
had now, except the gentleman yield the floor
entirely.
Mr. RUFFIN. I object to the floor being
yielded for that purpose, or for any other. I have
a right, under parliamentary law, to make that
objection. I object to the floor being thus farmed
out.
Mr. DUNN. With the consent of the gentle-
man front Illinois, I move to procced to a ballot.
Mr. RUFFIN. I object to the gentleman
yielding the floor for any purpose whatever, ex-
cept he yield it altogether.
The CLERK. The question will bo, shall the
gentleman from Illinois be permitted to yield the
floor ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not suppose that the
Clerk should put a question of that sort. If the
