1244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
Mr. COX. I do not understand fully the ap-
plication of my colleague's question to the merits
of this doctrine of expansion. This decentralizing
doctrine makes expansionsafe. If this beaccepted
as the policy of the country, expansion has no
terrors which do not now menace us. Nay, an
active outgoing policy would divert attention from
internal dissensions. It would pour a vigorous
life-blood into the veins of the older States. It
would give activity to young and vigorous States,
which would hasten under our protecting segis.
I have no argument to make in an American
Congress for or against slavery. Its discussion,
in an ethical light, was exhausted by Aristotle two
thousand years ago. NeitherthepolemicsofNew
England, nor the responsive big guns of our " Gulf
squadron," do more than echo the words of the
Stagyrite. They cannot add anything to this dis-
cussion. Asan economical question, I remark, that
if slavery could be made profitable in Mexico, it
wouldgo there. It may, therefore, go to the tierrtts
calUnics. Mr. Greeley says that itnever went there
under Spanish rule, and cannot go there now, for
physical reasons. He wonderswhyMr. Buchanan
should covet it, when its soil and production unfit
it for slave labor! He would wonder no more if
he understood the Ostend manifesto in its com-
prehensive sense. It is no matter, in so far as it con-
cerns our Federal unity—howmuch soever it may
concern our ethics—how many slave or free States
we have, so long as they are equal under a sacred
organic law. Already the preponderance in favor
of free States is declared. Southern statesmen
like Hammond and Stephens acquiesce in it as
a part of the law of emigration, locomotion, and
§opulation. Mexico would aggrandize our slave
tates if she would not furnish one from her area.
Dissimilarity of States in production and institu-
tions is a part of our system. Out of these broth-
erly dissimilitudes, as out of the vari-colored stones
of the quarry, a fabric has arisen, whose harmony
and majesty of proportion and strength arc the
wonder of art! vVith this as our policy, our ter-
ritorial expansion is as illimitable as the continent
and as safe as the stars in their appointed orbits.
As safe as the stars ; for they, too, like nations,
are the effluence of God, evolving and expanding
through the universe by the everlasting law of
growth! They obey the same law by which the
seed bursts into life, rises above the ground,
effloresces and decays with perpetual bloom and
sere. The same law of growth applies to our
physical bodies as well as to the heavenly bodies.
Without growth, both body and mind decay and
die. Growth is the condition of health. It is so
with nations. History writes it on the frontlet
of time, as its foremost, biggest conception. God
writes it in the flower, in the globular water drop,
and in the star, as well as in Egypt, Rome, and
Greece. In the feudal ages of darkness, and the
later ages of illumination; in the eras of despot-
ism, as well as of liberty; wherever His finger
records his fiat upon the everlasting scroll, there
is this law: " Whosoever, whatsoever doth not
grow, is dead already !"
Is the Anglo-Saxon race an'exception ? Is this
great self-government, whose next census will
show under its flag thirty-six million people, and
an advancement greater than ever before in mate-
rial wealth, to become the laggard of the century ?
"Will the next seventy years witness the retro-
fression of this continent into anarchy and ruin?
s Mexico's past thirty years the index to show
how far toward the occupation is the orb of our
destiny ? Or is Mexico to be invigorated and re-
newed by a new life from this Anglo-Saxon race
of ours ? May not the mines of Chihuahua and
Guanajuato be made to glisten again under our
energy? Will not the valley of the Aztec again
blossom as the rose, under a better dispensation
of civil rights and social order? May not those
mysterious palaces, buried deep in the solitudes
of Yucatan, whose sculptured facades Stephens
desired to rescue from destruction, again resound
with the voice of life and blessing ? May not the
fisheries of the California gulf become the source
of a new trade, and its pearls deck the diadem of
a new empire ? These may be dreams, but I have
yet to see the American who will not say that at
some time and in some emergency the United
States will " have to take charge" of Mexico, and
if necessary gather up her mutilated members,
and, by the charm of our polity, fit them to each
other—articulation, tendon, muscle, bone, and
sifiew—and breathe into the form the soul of an
active and benignant juvenescence!
If any Power interfere in Mexico, it must be
either Prance, Spain, England, or the United
States. The interference of Spain would only
renew, with tenfoldforce, the antagonisms which
now beset Mexico. Do we want England to make
another Canadfi on our south; to hold us within
her iron vice? But England has expressed the
wish that we should interfere. The late accom-
plished colonial Minister, Sir Edward Bulwer
Lytton, gave voice to the best sentiment of the
proud British mind, in the conclusion of his speech
for the establishment of the British Columbia
government on the 8th of July, 1858, when he
said:
" I conclude, sir, with an humble trust, that the Divine
Disposer of all human events may afford the safeguard ot
His blessing to our attempt to add another community of
Christian freemen to those by which Great Britain confides
the records of her empire, not to pyramids and obelisks,
but to States and Commonwealths, whose history will be
written in her language."
Some of England's statesmen have taunted us
with having no foreign policy. We deserved the
taunt. If rightly understood, England, sir, has
nothing butpride in these outgrowths—these blos-
soms and fruits of her secular greatness and mag-
nificent strength; and she will have no protest to
make against the honor and advancRnent of her
own offspring. Laying England and the United
States aside, what would be the result of aFrench
interference ? Not very remotely, a war of races
for supremacy, not alone in Mexico, but on this
continent. The Latin race and the Anglo-Saxon
cannot expand here without collision. The Anglo-
Saxon, or rather the Anglo-American race, which
is the best development of the Teutonic and Celtic,
for adventure, enterprise, and martial success,
has already combined the white races of America
north of Mexico into liberal governments. His-
tory shows that that race has no returning foot-
step in its advancement. Is it desirable to array
these elements hero, in the face of this indomitable
race ?
An intervention by us, supporting a liberal
government like that of Juarez, which offers us
free and safe intercourse, emigration, and religious
toleration, with a stipulation by which our arms
can be called in to crush anarchy and enforce or-
der, is the only mode by which jealousy can be
avoided and order established. A suffrage by
which the felon and the inferior races of Mexico
are restricted for a decade, would stay Mexico
from an inevitable relapse into barbarism, and, at
the same time, by enhancing proporty and pro-
moting prosperity, reconcile every impatient ele-
ment in Mexico to our salutary protectorate.
A year ago, when I suggested to this Congress
that the juncture was upon us when we should
stop marking time, and begin moving forward,
and that Congress was not up with the enterprise
of the nation, the Madrid and Paris presses did
me the honor to translate my speech, and to give
it more importance than it merited, as the expres-
sion of what La Crnnica newspaper was pleased
to call the impetuosity of La Joven America. It
expressed its amazement at the simple remark,
" that, if we considerjustnowthe elements of our
people—martial, mechanical, intellectual, agricul-
tural, and political—who will doubt that there
are a dozen locomotive republics already fired up
and ready for movement?" But, Mr. Speaker, I
put it to the members of this House, whether
there be one here who cannot say that at least one
regiment combining such elements can be mus-
tered in each of the two hundred and thirty-seven
districts of the United States ? If legal sanction
were given, either by the repeal of the neutrality
laws or by some other governmental action, quad-
ruple this number could be raised before the tele-
graph had finished clicking the inspiring intelli-
gence. That this is so, we cannot help. We should
not desire to repress, only to restrain it. How-
ever much our caution may condemn and guard
these elements, there is not an American who does
not cherish a lurking, smiling approbation of this
adventurous and elastic spirit which thrills the
great nation of the New World! Call it what you
will—manifest destiny, territorial expansion, star
of empire, La Joven Jlmerica, and even fillibuster-
ism—it is here. We must make the best of it. If
its current be not properly restrained within its
banks, if wo neglect, despise, or unduly repress
it, it will only spend its force violently and
disastrously, when once it takes its destined
way!
Is there any American who wishes to consult
European Powers as to the propriety or policy
of such an expansion? Is there any one who
fears a fatal blow from these Powers? We do
not exist by the sufferance of Europe, but by its *
insufferance. We didnotspring into a progressive
nationality, nor grow to our present greatness by
its fostering care; but by its neglect, and in spite
of its malevolence. Wedo not ask its pardon for
being born, nor need we apologize to it for grow-
ing. It has endeavored to prevent*6v<5n the legiti-
mate extension of our commerce, and to confine
us to our own continent. But if we can buy Cuba
of Spain, it is our business with Spain. If we
havetotake it,it is our business with Providence.
If we must save Mexico, and make its weakness
our strength, we have no account to render unto
Europe or its dynasties. A year ago, in glancing
at European politics, I foresaw the portentous
storm of the coming war. Scarcely had my lan-
guage been translated into La Presse, before the
balance of power quivered over Europe, and
snapped like brittle glass at an imperial new
year's greeting in the Tuilleries to the Austrian
Minister. Soon the sword of Napoleon was thrown
into the scales for Italian independence! The
treaties of 1814 fell. The alliances of one year
ago were blown into fragments from the rifled
cannon of Solferino. As a consequence of this
condition, not yet settled, all such alliances can-
not be relied on to pursue us to any fatal end on
this continent.
If European Powers choose to expand their em-
pire and energize their people, we have no pro-
tests, no arms to prevent them. England may
push from India through the Himalayas to sell her
calicoes to the numberless people of China, and
divide with France the empires of India, Bur-
mah, and China. Civilization does not lose by
their expansion. Russia may push her diplomacy
upon Pekin, and her armies through the Cau-
casus, and upon Persia andTartary; she may even
plant her Greek cross again on the mosque of St.
Sophia, and take the Grecian Levant into her keep-
ing as the head of its church and civilization.
France may plant her forts and arts upon the
shores of the Red sea; complete the canalization
of Suez; erect another Carthage on the shores of
the Mediterranean; bind her natural limits from
Mont Blanc,in Savoy, to Nice, upon the sea. Sar-
dinia may bccome the nucleus of the Peninsula,
and give to Italy a name and a nationality. Even
Spam, proud and poor, may fight over again in
Africa the romantic wars with the Morescoes,
by which she educated that chivalry and adven-
ture which three centuries ago made her the mis-
tress of the New World. She may demand terri-
tory of Morocco, as she has, as indemnity for the
war. America has no inquiry to make, no pro-
tocol to sign. These are ffie movements of an
active age. They indicate health, not disease—
growth, not decay. They are links in the endless
chain of Providence. They prove the mutability
of the most imperial of human institutions; but,
to the philosophic observer, they move by a law
as fixed as that which makes the decay of autumn
the herald of spring. They obey the same law
by which the constellations change their places in
the sky. Astronomers tell us that the " southern
cross, ' which guided the adventurer upon the
Spanish main four centuries ago, and which now
can be seen, the most beautiful emblem of our sal-
vation, shining down through a Cuban and Mex-
ican night,—just before the Christian era, glittered
in our northern heavens! The same great will,
which knows no North and no South, and which
is sending again, by an irreversible law, the south-
ern cross-to our northern skies, on its everlasting
cycle of emigration—does it not control the revo-
lutions of nations, and the vicissitudes of empires?
The very stars in their courses are "Knights of
the Golden Circle," and illustrate the record of
human advancement. They are the typo of that
territorial expansion from which this American
continent cannot be exempted without annihila-
tion. The finger of Providence points to our na-
tion as the guiding star of this progress. Let him
who would either dusk its radiancy, or make it the
meteor of a moment, cast again with nicer hefed
our nation's horoscope.
In conclusion, then, I favor the proposition to
have the fullest and fairest investigation, by the
