THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
Had neVer been away, except temporarily. Can
there be stronger evidence to show that he was a
legal voter?
But we did not stop there. On page 205 you
will find the evidence of Peter E. Carter, which
is as follows;
"By Mr. Anderson :
« Question. If you know James B. Elder, please state
how Jong he has resided in Kentucky, and in the Turners-
vilie district ofLincoln county, where he voted?
*' jirnwer. He.was born and raised in the district. I have
£nowu him ever since he was born; he has been trading in
hogs, mules, and negroes, backwards and forwards to the
South several titties.
" Question. Had he or not been a resident of the State
for more than two years, and of the prcoinct where ho voted
for more than sixty days next preceding the last election?
"Answer. He always claimed this as his home. lie
bought a part of his father's old l'aim about five years ago."
Now the House will bear with me while I refer
to two or three other cases attacked by the con-
testant in this case, because the House will bear
in mind that not a particle of the evidence which
I have justread was read oralluded to by the con-
testant. He made the sweeping charge that this
House, in the face of testimony and in the face of
law, were determined to give to the sitting mem-
ber, Anderson, the benefit of illegal votes, for the
purpose of allowing him a seat here. I want the
country and the House to know how utterly
groundless are those charges.
The next case was that of Carpenter. The
facts of that case were these. He was a man of
large property, both in the county of Lincoln and
Mercer. He had a family of children, young
daughters, whom he was educating. He owned
a farm in Lincoln, and, during a part of the year,
his wife and daughters resided in Mercer county,
in order to avail themselves of the advantages of
a school in that courUy. But he states, under
oath, that he was a good voter m the county of
Lincoln. The same was the proof of .the sheriff
of that county, who testified that Carpenter al-
ways paid his taxes in the county of Lincoln.
The next case is that of A. J. Reynolds, and
with respect to him, here is the testimony of Reu-
ben Williams:
"I know A.J. Reynolds very well. He voted at the
last August election at the Wanesburg precinct, f expect
lie is fifty years old, or neat it. He ha* hved in the State
eNjer slnec he was born 5 was born and raised in Lincoln
county, and in the pr *cinct where he voted.
" iiy Mi. Ciirisman:
u I am going on thirty-three ycais old.
ie By Mr. Avperson :
"I have heard Reynolds himself sav he had Jived here all
Ills life, and have heard his fiicmla say the same. I have
been oltcn ut hid father'® house."
Also, testimony of Camden:
" I know A. J. Reynold*; we were school-boys together.
I concur in the statement of Iteuben Williams 111 regard to
the residence of Reynolds."
In reference to this man—McNair, the preacher.
He had lived in the precinct more than sixty days
before the election. His home was wherever he
was preaching, and his own evidence proves be-
yond all doubt that he was a legal voter, and he
voted also for Mr. Anderson. I have referred to
this case far the purpose of showing to the House
that in every instance where the contestant has
specified a vote by n'ame, and attacked that vote,
it has been shown by the strongest evidence that
could possibly be adduced that the voter was a
good and legal voter.
I wish now to refer to two votes attacked by
my colleague on the committee. Now, what is
the testimony with regard to Charles Voss, whom
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Stevenson]
says is a legal voter ?
" William A. Harness knows Voss. lie voted for Cbns-
man, dMuet No. -1, Hoylc county. IIi' is a fuieigner, and
exhibited no papers when ho voted. I have not seen htm
since the flection. I think ho Jolt the morning after the
election. I know lie had not been thoe louubdoro the elec-
tion. Witney is jaihn of tin* county. (Patre 4 .J, Ke^poiw.)
il It. W. Washington states he was one ot thf judges ot
the election at district No 4, Boyle county. [ i-aw a man's
name on the poll book, Charles Voss. J do not recollect
anything about it cxccpt what I .saw 011 the books. (Page
56, Response.)
" James F. Zimmerman states that he is county clerk.
Charles Ws'snamc is not on the tax int."5 (Page 67, Re-
sponse.)
Here, then, is the case of a foreigner who had
been seen in the precinct but a few days before
the election, and who left immediately after the
election. Why. when his vote was challenged, he
failed to produce his papers, or to state when and
1 ; he procured them. The evidence shows
he was not on the tax list in the county. And
yet the gentleman from Kentucky says that this
man was a good and legal voter, and that this
committee acted contrary to the evidence when
they struck his vote from the polls.
The next voter, the striking of whose name
from the polls causes the gentleman to complain,
who last addressed the House, was S. J. Vance.
I think the evidence shows that lie was not a legal
voter:
" P. II. Smith, knows Vance; he voted at the Hays dis-
trict No. 5, for Chrisman; he told witness if lie had known
there would be any dispute about his vote, he would have
gone to Hi Will district; he said he went into No. 5 to go
to school 5 he further said in No. 4, he said he would have
gone home and voted if he had thought there would be any
dispute. (Page 475, Response.)
" S. J. Vance states himself, he only went to No. 5 for
a temporary purpose." (Page 84, Me )
And here the voter himself testifies that he only
went to precinct No. 5 for a temporary purpose;
and it is claimcd by gentlemen on the other side
of the House that he is a good and legal voter,
and that his name should not be struck from the
polls.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have but a few words to
say in conclusion. The contestant has referred
to his printed brief in this case with a great deal
of confidence, as containing a correct analysis of
the evidence; and not only that, but as also con-
tainingcorrcct deductions from the testimony, and
its result on every vote that has been challenged
on cither side. That brief, I apprehend, has been
put into the hands of gentlemen in this House;
and 1 beg leave to call the attention of the House
for a single moment to the manner in which the
contestant himself weighs the testimony. I ap-
prehend thatnomanin tins House would be will-
ing to employ the gentleman to make out a brief
of testimony depending upon ovidonec in the case,
if all his conclusions are arrived at in the same
satisfactory manner as appears on the face of his
own case. For instance, in reference to the voters
in Greene county—a voter challenged for non-
age—the evidence shows:
" Samuel Chancy.—Challenged for nonage.
" William J. Chancy states that voter is his brother. lie
saw luin on the Satin day before the election, and ho «*aid
lie did not think ho would vote; that ho w«i<? not old enough
to vote. His father is doad, and his mother now lives in
this (Greene) county. (A, p. Ub3.) '
<c William Chapman says he knows Samuel Chancy ; that
he Kiw luni sometime in fVbiuan or March, 1831). He
was then two or tlnee month* old. " (A., p. 3«9 )
•' P. M. Smith states that hp knows Chancy; docs not
think he is twenty-one ye.us old; knows by the ag<j of his
own son, who will be twent)-one on the 4th ot Febiu-
ary, 1850. Thcio i- no Bjbh. irroal of Ch.uicj V age th.it
he knows of. There is not more than one month or si\
weeks between my son and Chancy, lie (Chancy) voted
lor Chrisman. (A., p. iW.">.)
" Sarah A. Chapman states that she knows Chancy. lie
was not twenty-onej as $he thinks; knows by the age of
several children horn in the neighborhood about the same
time, February, 1839." (A., p. 396.)
And yet, upon such testimony the contestant
in this case spreads out on the face of the record
his opinion that this challenge is not sustained,
and he places the result of his investigation be-
fore the House, and asks the House to come to
the same conclusion to which he himself arrived
—that a voter challenged, under such circum-
stances, and sustained by such testimony, is not
proved to have been an illegal voter.
Now, in reference to Scldcn Renfro, challenged
for want of residence, the evidence is:
<! Sclrfen Renfro.—Challenged for want of residence.
" R. T. Chapman cays that he knows Sciden Renfio. lie
moved to Hart countv, from Greene, in February, 16.">9. I
returned to Greene the third Saturday in July. He resided
in lfatt, a* he said. (A., p. 390 )
<CT. C. Edvvaids lays he knows Ront'io. He told wit-
ness, some time about the last of July, that he was not en-
titled to vote ; that lie resided in Hart county. Witness is
shout! ot Greene county." (A., p. 392.)
Is it strange, Mr. Speaker, that the committee
should have .stricken this vote from the polls as
an illegal vote, upon such testimony? Sir, it is
much more strange, I apprehend, that the con-
testant in this ease should have said, in his printed
brief, that, the challenge is unsustamed.
Now, m the case of Hartfield, the evidence is as
follows:
ei Samuel Hartjield, alias Isaac Hartfield.—Challenged a&
a foreigner.
" Samuel T. Wilson states that voter told him he was a
foreigner; had never been in court but once for the pur-
pose of being natuiahzed, and that was in 1850, in Louis-
ville, Kentucky; that he took some kind of oath, and got
some kind of paper at that time, but did not know whether
or not it was a naturalization paper; was now about thiity-
siv years old, and was twenty nine years old when he£ame
to the United States; understood from him that be voted
for Chrisman." (A. p. 402.)
And yet the contestant in this case says that
the challenge is not sustained. I will go one step
further, and then I will not trouble the House
longer on this branch of the case. I refer to the
challenge of Ellmore for want of age:
"Thomas Ellmore.—Challenged for want of age.
" William Ball says he saw Ellmore the morning of the
election, and he tried to vote for Anderson, and he was re-
fused. In the evening he voted foi Chrisman, and no ques-
tions asked. He said he was not old enough to vote for
Anderson, but was for Chrisman." (A.^p. 4U7.)
I do not know what kind of people were around
the polls there. I am afraid my friend on the right
was not very well represented. I am afraid his
interests were not very well looked after, as his
friends permitted this voter to step in in the dusk
of the evening. He said he was not old enough
to vote for Anderson, but it seems he was old
enough to vote for Chrisman. The contestant
says this challenge is not sustained.
i will not detain the House longer in referring
to the evidence in this case. I have only occu-
pied the time that I have for the purpose of satis-
fying the House and the country that the com-
mittee were not only justified m coming to the
conclusion which they have arrived at, but that
they were forced—no matter what might be their
predilections or feelings on one side or the other
—to come to that conclusion. We have given to
the contestant an opportunity to investigate fully
and fairly every vote that was objected to. We
have spread upon our report the names of every
voter, with a reference to the testimony in each
particular case, with volume and page, in order
to challenge, at the hands of the other side of the
House, the closest scrutinv and investigation.
We have done it in order that the House might
have an opportunity to look into the facts, and see
if the report is a fair and honest one, and whether
they can conscientiously and properly sustain it.
But how is the minority report made up? They
devote the greater part of their argumentin sound-
ing the death-knell of functus officio, about which
we have heard so much. They say:
"After correcting all clerical errors, the contestant is
discovered by the undersigned to bo elected by eight votes
—two more than the numbei by winch he was elected upon
the summary of the corrected certificates as they appeared
befoic the State board."
What errors, what mistakes, do they correct?
We give the name of every voter where a correc-
tion has been made, and give the reference to the
testimony on which ijt is based. But so far as the
means by which the minority have arrived at their
conclusions are concerned, we are left to grope in
the dark. They say:
<4 Jf this House will go behind the rocoul, and examine
the parole pioof on both side>, (which it is impossible to in-
corporate into the limits of a report,) it will cleaily appear
that the contestant's majority would be pw oiled beyond a
majority ot eight votes, which, the undersigned think, are
pioved veiy clearly to be his majority."
They do not point out the votes which should
have been added to Clmsman's poll, and which
should have been stricken from Anderson's poll.
They not only do not refer the House to the voters
by name, but they studiously avoid any reference
to the testimon y by which they say their challenges
were sustained. I take it for granted that there
are gentlemen upon the other side of the House
who will vote in favor of the minority report. If
they do, I say they are groping in the dark. I re-
member on one occasion to have been present at
a trial before a justice of the peace in the absence
of a jury. The counsel for the plaintiff happened
to be a particular friend of the justice. He made
his calculation, and, just as he closed his argu-
ment, he said: "Sir, I am entitled to a judgment
for$17 95." The justice looked puzzled, scratched
his head, and paid: " Well, squire, if you say
so, it must be so, and 1 will give you a judgment
upon your word; but, upon my life, I cannot see
how it is." And so it will be with those who
support the minority report. I suppose they will
do it on faith, and in entire ignorance of the real
merits of the case.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the reso-
lution reported by the Committee of Elections;
which is as follows:
Resolved. That Hon. William C. Anderson is entitled to
the -eat now held by him as Representative in the Thirty-
Sixth Congress from the fourth congressional distuctof
Kentucky.
Mr. STRATTON. I move that there bo a call
of the House.
Mr. GrARTRELL. I desire to offer the reso
