1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3133
lutions of the minority of the committee asasub-
stitatc for the resolution of the majority. I be-
lieve thai is the usual course.
The Clerk read the resolutions, as follows:
Resolved, That William C. Anderson is not entitled to a
sent upon the floor of tbid House as the Rept tentative iioin
the tourth fom're^sioiijl district of Kentucky.
Resolved* That James S. CbrKman is entitled, and is
hereby declared the Representative iiom the lbuith con-
gressional district of Kentucky.
Mr. STRATTON. I propose that we take a
square vote oil the resolution offered by the ma-
jority of the committee. .
The SPEAKER. The amendment is not in
order, if objected to. *
Mr. GARTRELL. I do not care for a vote on
the resolutions of the minority. I have offered
them so as to get them before, the House; and, so
far as 1 am concerned, as a member of the com-
mittee, I am willing that a direct vote shall be
taken on the resolution reported by the majority.
But before the vote is taken on that question, I
hope the motion of the gentleman from New Jer-
sey, for a call of the House, will be put.
Mr. STRATTON. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. GARTRELL. I renew it.
The SPEAKER. It is not hi order to have a
call of the House after the previous question has
been seconded.
Mr. GARTRELL. It may be done by unan-
imous consent.
Several Members objected.
Mr. GARTRELL. At the suggestion of gen-
tlemen on this side of the House, I make a mo-
tion that will accomplish the same purpose. I
move to lay the -resolution on the tabic, and on
that I call for the yeas and nays. That vote will
disclose whether there is a full House or not.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. AVAS1IBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
know what will be the elTcct of laying the reso-
lution upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It is very hard to tell.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope that, by unanimous
consent, some othcrcourse will be pursued. Tins
is a very awkwaid motion. 1 do not want to vote
on a motion to lay on the table. We had better,
by unanimous consent, have a call of the House.
Mr. WASHBUIINE, of Illinois. _ If we lay
the whole subject on the table, the sitting mem-
ber will hold his seat.
Mr. GARTRELL. I desire to state, in justice
to myself, that 1 thought it an awkward motion.
I made it at the instance of the friends of the con-
testant. It was not one of my own choice. I
now withdraw it, and hope unanimous consent
will be given that there shall be a call of the
House.
Mr. STRATTON. I have no objection to that.
No objection was made.
The roll was accordingly called; and the fol-
lowing members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Adiam. Thomas h Anderson, Viands I'. Blair,
Bug"1-. Biown, Ca->e, John B. Clark, ('lemons, Claik B.
Cochiane, John Cochrane. Cnnklmj;, Duumick, Gainctt,
IJ.udomau. Ha^km, Hawkins. Hickman, Himlnian, Hol-
man, iivine, Jackson, Laniai, Lairabee, Logan, Lovejoy,
Chaiie-, 1). M.utin, MeClernand, Mcllao, Montyoinuy,
Isaac X. Mom-?, Noell, Pettil, Pottle, Uejnolds,, Jamei C.
Boom*on, Rust, Sclnvaitz, Seianton. 'William ^mith,
Stout, Wluteley, Window, and Woodson.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. WILSON stated that bis colleague, Mr.
Case, was paired with Mr. Lamar; otherwise he
■would have voted in favor of the sitting member
retaining his seat.
Mr. FENTON stated that ho had paired with
Air. Jackson.
Mr. MILLWARD stated that Mr. Haskin
had paired with Mr. Maclay.
Mr. CAMPBELL stated that his colleague,
Mr. Hick max, had paired with Mr. Scott.
Mr. McPHERSON stated that Mr. Lovejoy
had paired with Mr. Hindman.
Mr. ENGLISH said Mr. Holman had paired
with Mr. Irvine.
Mi KELLOGG, of Illinois, said he had paired
with Mr. McClernaxd.
Mr. McPHERSON stated that Air. Schwartz
had paired with Mr. Robin-son, of Illinois.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan, stated that on
Saturday he paired with Mr. Morris, of Illinois,
for that day. . As the object of the pair was the
vote on this contested-election case, and as he
understood that Mr. Morris had left the city
without pairing with any one else, he would con-
sider the pair as still continuing, and would de-
cline to vote. ^
Mr. NIXON stated that he had paired with
Mr. Whiteley.
Mr.MORSEstatedthatMr.Pottle had paired
with Mr. Simms for the remainder of the session.
On this question, however, the pair had been
transferred to Mr. Logan, and Mr. Simms was
therefore at liberty to vote.
Mr. STRATTON stated that Mr, Scranton
had paired with Mr. Woodson.
Mr. STANTON said, that having been com-
pelled to attend a committee of conference, he had
paired with Mr. Crawford, who was also a
member of the committee of conference.
'Mr. PHELPS stated that Mr. Anderson, of
Missouri, was paired with Mr. Conkling. Also,
that Mr. Clark, of Missouri, had paired with Mr.
Blair, of Missouri. Also, that Mr. Noell had
paired with Mr. Waldron,-
Mr. OLIN stated that he had paired with Mr.
Larrabee.
On motion, all further proceedings iu the call
were dispensed with.
The question then recurred on the adoption of
the resolution reported by the Committee of Elec-
tions.
Mr. SIMMS called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas ] 12, nays 61; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Aid-
rich, Alley, A-iltlev, Babbitt, Boaio, Bingham, Samuel S.
Bkur, Blake, BuuJjgnv. Hiabson, Brayton, Bustow, Butlin-
ton, Buihmiatne, Bui'nham, Butterfield, Campbell, Caiey,
Caitor, Colfax, Convin, Covode, Ouitis, Dawes, Delano,
Duell, Dunn, Edwards, Khot, Kly. Ktliend^e, Fai nsworU),
Feiry, Foster. Frank, Fiencli, G'lluiei, Goocb, Graham,
Giow, Gm ley, Hale, Hnrdenian.'j. Moi ri^on Hairis, II at ton,
llelnnck, Iliil, lloaitl, Humphrey. Ilutehms, Junkm, Fian-
as W. Kcllo^r, Kemou, Kilyoro, Killinger, DeWitt V.
Leach, Jami> M. Leach. Lee, Lomrneokei, Loomi*, Mai-
Joi v, Maletolt, Mclvean, Mclim«bt, MrlMieison, Mill waul,
Lalian T. .Mooie, Momhead, Mnirill, Mdward Joy Moiri-,
Mof><\ NV1m>h, Palmer, PetUt, Pmtei, Potteu Ciuaiie-.,
Uiee. Chi Mother Robinson, Kovee, S<>dy;vwck, Sherman,
William N 11. Smith,Some^, Hpauldmg, Sjunnot, Steven-,
William Stewat t, Stok<^, rinatton. Tapi>ati,Tbajei,Thoa-
kei, Tompkins. 'i'iain, Tumble, Vandever, Van VVjeU,
Vunec, Wade, Walton, Cadwaladei i\ Washburn. Ellihu
15 WtU.libin ne, l>ia«'i Wasiilmi n, Webster, Wells, Wilson,
Windom, Wood, and WoodiulF—U-2.
NAYS— Alien, Ashinore, Avery, BarkMlale,
Barr, l)oe<xk, P ot>ham. Boyec, Biancb, Buieb, Bui'iiott,
Clopton, Cobb, Cox, Huiton Ciaiiie.Ciury, Davidson, John
G. Dav^, Reuben Dave-, De Jai nette, Kilinundson. Unghsh,
Floienee, Fouke, Gaiueil, Hamilton, John 'I. Hams,
Houston, William llowaid, Jenkins, Jones, Keitt, Kunkel,
Landium. Leake, Elbei t S. Mai tin, McQueen, Miles, Mill-
son, Sydenham Moore, Niblaek, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps,
Piyor, Pugii, Reagan, Rigs-, Jiuflin, Scott, Sieklr-s, Simm-j,
Singleion.StalKvorth, Stevenson. James A. Stewait, Tay-
lor, Thomas, Undciwood, Vallandigham, and Wright—01.
So the resolution was agreed to; and Mr. An-
derson declared entitled to his seat.
Before the vole was announced,
Mr. EDGERTON stated that he had paired
with Mr. Martin, of Ohio.
Mr. BOTKLER stated that he had paired on
| this vote with Mr. Garnett.
Mr. HOLMAN slated that upon this, and other
party votes, he had paired with Mr. Irvine, other-
wise be would have voted " no."
Mr. LOVE stated that he had paired with Mr.
Maynakd.
Mr. PERRY said he had paired with Mr.
Smith, of Virginia, until three o'clock to-day.
Mr. SCOTT said that the pair of Mr. Hickman
with him had been transferred to Mr. McRae.
lie was therefore at liberty to vote,
Mr. VANCE said he had paired with Mr.
Stout, who had gone to Baltimore to witness the
riot. j^Laughter.j
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. STRATTON moved that the vote by which
the resolution was passed, he reconsidered; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The lattei motion was agreed to.
Mr. STRATTON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Elections to report the following reso-
lution:
Revolved* That the ('Ink of the Hou^e payout of the I
contingent fund, to Hon Jame- S. Clmsman. contesting j
! the rijjlit of Hon. W O Andcrson' to his suit fioin the .
fouitli concessional district fioin Kentucky, mileage and
pay up to tin* time.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Inasmuch as I have felt
constrained to dilfer with my colleagues on the
committee in the propriety of adopting that reso-
lution, it is due to me that I should say that them
was before the committee testimony from the
mouth of two witnesses, that the contestant had
said that, whether he got hi's'seat or not, he would
get his pay and mileage. I do not think, under'
these circumstances, he is entitled to his pay;
and I therefore call for the yeas and nays upon
the adoption of the resolution.
Mr, GILMER'. The gentleman from Ne"vi' Jer-
sey withdraws the demand for the previous'ques-
tion for a moment. 1 wish to say that this contest
arose in a manner which would justify any man
on earth, who would be disposed to contest aft
election, in contesting. In this case, prima fade,
under the corrected returns, the contestant would
be entitled to his scat. The Committee of Elec^
uons unammtmsly, with one exception, came to
the conclusion that he honestly supposed, upon
the correction of that error, the House would de-
cide in his favor. Upon a careful examination
of the whole vote, however, the committee fou#d
that there were more votes to be corrected against
him than in his favor. And as it has been the'
unanimous custom of the House to pay the con-
testant when he has gone into that contest in
good faith, they believed he was entitled to his
pay and mileage. I now demand the previous
question.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope the gentleman from
North Carolina will withdraw the demand to en-
able me to say a word in reply to the statement
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, in justice to,
the contestant. [Cries of "Order!"] T^jic state-
ment made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
is untrue in fact, and is unsustaincd by the evi-
dence. ^
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to say
a word in inference to this resolution. I believe
there are but two cases on rccoid [Ciies of
" Order!"]
Mr. BRANCH. I object to debate,unless the
gentleman from Kentucky is also permitted ta
make a statement.
Mr. McKNIGHT. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky says my statement is unsupported by evi-
dence. Now, sir, I desire to read from the tes-
timony, so that it may be seen whether it is
supported by evidence or not.
Mr. BRANCH. I object.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. McKNIGHT called for the yeas and nay's
upon the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. KUNKEL called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The resolution was adopted newi. con.
Mr. STRATTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by J. Buchanan, his Private
Secretary, notifying the House that he did on
to-day approve and sign bills of the following
titles:
An act (IT. R. No. 288) recognizing the sur-
vey of the Grand Chenicrc Island, State of Louis -
iana, as approved by the surveyor general, and
for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. CD9) to amend an act regu-
lating the diplomatic and consular system of the
United States;
An act (II. R. No. 839) to amend an act ap-
proved the 3d day of March, 1847, entitled " An
act to establish a port of entry at Saluria, in the
State of Texas, and for other purposes;"
An act making appropriations for the payment
of the expenses" of the Legislative Assembly of
the Territory of Minnesota;
An act to change the name of the ship Rock-
hall to Massachusetts;
An act (H. R. No. 235) for the relief of con-
gressional township number two north, of range
number nine west, of the fourth principal meri-
dian, of Adams county, State of Illinois;
An act (H. R. No. 456) granting a pension to
James Alexander, an invalid soldier of the war
of 1812;
An act (H. R. No. 529) granting a pension to
