I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Military Committee, of all our relations with
Mexico; so that those relations shall not be dis-
turbed 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. STANTON. I ask a division on that.
This is tolerably short notice.
Mr. REAGAN. I appeal to the gentleman
from Vermont to let me say a word.
[Cries of " No!" "No!"]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, called for tellers
on seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bingham,
and Robinson of Illinois, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
seventy-nine in the affirmative.
The SPEAKER inquired if a further count
was demanded, and several members having
responded "No!" and "Give it up!" declared
that the previous question was seconded.
Mr. STANTON. Stop! I did.not understand
that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood it
very well. [Laughter.]
Mr. STANTON. I asked for a count on the
other side.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not so under-
stand, and thinks it is now too late.
Mr. WINSLOW. If the House adjourns now,
will not this come up the first thing to-morrow?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. WINSLOW. Then I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are two privileged
questions for to-morrow. I hope this question will
be disposed of to-day. Let the bill go to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, as is usual, and we
shall have no further trouble.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to adjourn.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
The demand for a further count upon seconding
the previous question was made by the gentle-
man from Ohio and myself.
Mr. STANTON. And not abandoned.
Mr. BURNETT. It is not too late now. We
never abandoned it. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Houston] called out that he gave it
up, but the gentleman from Ohio and myself called
for it, and did not give it up.
Mr. COLFAX. I was near the gentleman from
Kentucky, and he sat in perfect silence while the
demand was withdrawn. *
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is too
late now. The Chair understood the observation
of the gentleman from Ohio to be that the ques-
tion was not understood, and answered that the
Chair understood it. The Chair did not under-
stand the gentleman cfe insisting on a count. -
Mr. STANTON. I certainly did.
Mr. HOUSTON. I gave it up as one of the
negative voters. I had a right to give up my
share, and I did so. [A laugh.] I hope the gen-
tleman from Kentucky does not question my right
to do so.
Mr. STANTON. I was standing in the area.
The Chair called upon the "noes" to pass be-
tween the tellers, and then some one inquired
whether the negative side was to be counted, and
the Chair said " no." The count was not aban-
doned. I was there ready to vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair heard it stated
that no count was demanded on the other side.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think the tellers got lost,
for some one said, "Pass between the tellers,"
and some one else asked, "Where are the tell-
ers?" and I looked over there and saw no tell-
ers.
Mr. CURTIS. Just as { was about to pass
between the tellers they ran away. [Laugh-
terj
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is too
late to have a count now. The maijj question has
been ordered, and is first on referring the bill to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. STANTON. I call for the yeas and nays
on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
And then, on motion of Mr. JOHN COCH-
RANE , (at twenty-five minutes after four o 'clock,
p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 20, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
SLAVERY.
_ Mr. SUMNER. I hold in my hand a memo-
rial praying Congress to repeal the fugitive slave
law of 1850; to abolish slavery in the District of
Columbia, and in United States Territories; to pro-
hibit the inter-State slave trade; and to pass a res-
olution pledging Congress against the admission
of any slave State into the Union, the acquisition
of any slave territory, and the employment of any
slave by any agent, contractor, officer, or De-
partment of the Federal Government. This me-
morial is signed by Samuel May,a.distinguished
and venerable merchant of Boston, and four hun-
dred and eleven others, citizens of Boston. I now
present it, and ask its reference to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the memorial will be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DAVIS. I object to the reference. I move
that it lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
the memorial lie on the table. On this question
the yeas and nays are asked.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 30, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. liayaril, Eigler, Bragg, Bright, Brown,
Ohesnut, Clingman, Davis, Douglas, Fitch, Fitzpatrick,
Green, Gwin, Hemphill, Hunter, lverson, Johnson of Ten-
nessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Mailory, Mason, Nichol-
son, Pearce, Powell, Rice, Saulsbury, Slidell, Thomson,
and Toombs—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Chandler, Clark, Dixon, Doo-
llttle, Durkee, I'essenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale,
Harlan, King, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—17.
So the^ncmorial was ordered to lie on the table.
WASHINGTON MAEKET-HOUSE.
Mr. BROWN. The Committee on the District
of Columbia, to whom was referred the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 192) relative to a market-house in this
city, have directed me to report it back, with a
recommendation that the Senate concur in the
amendment of the House, with sundry amend-
ments which the committee recommend as amend-
ments to the House amendment. I ask that the
matter be now disposed of. It will take but a little
time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Mississippi, that
the Senate now proceed to the consideration of
the amendment of the House of Representatives
to the bill (S. No. 192) to authorize the corpora-
tion of Washington city to make a loan and issue
stock for $200,000, for building a market-house.
Mr. MALLORY. I trust that if the bill shall
interfere with the unfinished business, at one
o'clock, it will then give way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will, of
course, call up the unfinished business at the hour
appointed for its consideration. Is there objec-
tion to the consideration of the amendments to
this bill ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to present a pe-
tition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amounts to
an objection.
PETITION.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented the petition of
Hannah M. King, widow of Jeremiah B. King,
a soldier of the war of 1812, praying a pension:
which was referred to theCommittee onPensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That leave bo granted to withdraw from the
files of the Senate the memorial of Harriet S. Wyman,
widow of Captain Thomas W. Wyman, of the Navy, pray-
ing a pension.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 296)
for the"construction of five steam sloops-of-war,
for service on the African coast: which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. No. 20) to secure the right of search on the
coast of Africa, for the more effectual suppression
of the African slave trade; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
RIlPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. BROWN,from the Committee on theDis-
t"ct ° Columbia, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 287) to incorporate the National Gallery
and School of Arts in the District of Columbia,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 304) inviting proposals for carry-
ing the entire mail between the Atlantic and Pa-
cific States on one line, reported it with an amend-
ment, and notified the Senate that he would ask
for its consideration in a few days, after the bill
and amendment should be printed.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Pi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
4) making appropriations for the consular and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1861, reported it
with amendments.
CAPTAIN EINQOOLD'S SURVEYS.
Mr. FITCH. A memorial from certain insur-
ance companies of New York has been referred
tothe Committee on Printing, asking for the
printing of Captain Ringgold s surveys of the
passages through the coral archipelago of the
Pacific ocean. The document is not before the
committee. For the purpose of having it before
the Senate, so that the question of printing may
be properly acted on, 1 offer this resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested
to communicate to the Senate the report of the surveys
made by Captain Ringgold, of the Navy, of the passages
through the coral archipelago of the Pacific ocean.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to. -
AFRICAN SLAVE TRADE.
US
Mr. "WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution*, -which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of so amending the
laws of the United States in relation tothe suppression of
the African &lave trade, as to provide a penalty of impris-
onment for life for a participation in such trade, instead of
the penalty of forfeiture of life, asnovv provided; and also
an amendment of such laws as will include in the punish-
ment for said offenses all persons who fit out, or are in
any way connected with or interested in fitting out. expe-
ditions or vessels for the purpose of engaging in such slave
trade.
MORTALITY IN THE ARMY.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the followingresolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he is here-
by, requested to furnish the Senate with a copy of " the
statistical report on the sickness and mortality of the Army
of the United States," embracing the peiiod of five years,
from 1855 to 1860, in continuation of the report of the Sur-
geon General, communicated to the Senate in 1856.
INDIAN NEGOTIATIONS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I offer the following res-
olution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Commissioner of Indian Affairs bp re-
quested to make an estimate of the amount that will be
required to make a treaty of peace, amity, &c., with the
Kioways, Comanches, and other Indians, who roam near
the Arkansas river, west of the one hundredth degree west
longitude; with the Arapahoes and Cheyennes, located be-
low tiie south lurk of the Platte river; with the Sioux ami
other Indians of the plains, to be concentrated for the occa-
sion at Deer creek, a tributary of the Platte river; and also
for a treaty with the Red Jjake Chippewa* and the Indians
of the Ked river, in the State of Minnesota, for the extin-
guishment of their title to lands in that State.
There being noobjcction, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. DAVIS. I would ask the Senator from
Arkansas, the chairman of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, if he does not deem it more proper
to substitute for the words " treaty of peace and
amity," wherever they occur, the word " coun-
cil." I think it has been a misnomer at all times
to call a council with Indians a treaty. With
these nomadic tribes it is especially so. Indians,
without a home, without any of those fixed habits
which render it possible to enforce upon them a
treaty, I think should be treated as wards and
