226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23.
now imitate my practice. Allow me to ask the
gentleman from Illinois if I am to understand (hat
his queries to me were propounded in a spirit of
menace and intimidation?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly not.
Mr. MILES. I did not for one instant believe
that the gentleman from Illinois was propounding
his questions in any such spirit; for I suppose it
is needless to say that no gentleman responds to
queries propounded in a spirit of menace or in-
timidation. I understood the questions to be pro-
pounded courteously, and I responded in That
same spirit of courtesy.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I am gratified at
the turn this discussion has taken, and that gen-
tlemen are coming up and answering the ques-
tions of my colleague frankly. I think now, it
can be said with all propriety that my colleague
can proceed with his remarks. I know that he
will oe frank and explicit upon all the issues
which he will discuss.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 insist that ihe
gentleman from Illinois proceed without further
interruption.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I decline to yield fur-
ther for any of this cross-firing.
Mr. RUST. I desire to answer the question
which the gentleman has propounded.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Does the gentleman
from Illinois desire an answer to his question?
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I did not ask the
question of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Then let the coun-
try understand that the gentleman from Illinois
desires no further answer to ihe question which
he put to the Democratic party.
Mr. RUST. I desire to answer the question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I did not hear the
remark of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
John Cochrane.]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I understand that
the gentleman from Illinois has propounded a
grave question to all who participate in the organ-
ization of the Democratic 'party, whether the
members of that party are in favor of a revi\al of
the slave trade, or of a repeal of the laws prohib-
iting it.
_ Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have put no ques-
tion to the gentleman from New York. I na\e
not asked any question of the Democratic part}',
as a whole. My question was propounded to
certain gentlemen from South Caiolina, Missis-
sippi, and Georgia.
Mr. ASHMORE. As a Representative from
•South Carolina, 1 desire to answer the gentle-
man's question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot yield thefloor
just now; too many gentlemen seek it.
Mr. RUST. Will the gentleman permit me,
as the Representative of the largest slaveholdmg
constituency in the Union, to respond to his ques-
tion3
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not yi-ld at
present.
Mr. BONIIAM. Will the honorable meinbei
allow me to say a word ?
Mr. ASHMORE. The gentleman called upon
members from South Carolina to answer his ques-
tion. and now he will not listen to a Representa-
tive from South Carolina.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I put my question to
the Representatives from South Carolina, but 1
want an answer from one at a tini<\
Mr. ASHMORE. 1 Jiave been trying i'm- some
time to sriw you an answer, but you will not
hear mc.
Mr. BON f t AM. 1 hcVe the House will Jet
the gentleman from Ilimo:; proceed accoiding to
his own p:a,-. XJe commenc! d with my colleague
on my ri«;hl, [Mr. Mills,] and now I ?>sk knve
to respond to his inquiry.
I hold the act of 1820, which has branded the
slave trade as piracy, to be unconstitutional and
a blot upon our statute-book, and that, jf oo-ilH to
h" expand d; nut 1 know of no pnriy m th^oufh
which is in favor of agitating that question, with
a view of having that law, or the act of X^JO. re-
pealed, As to the jotter, J f:m not prepaicd to
say but that it is unconstitutional; but 1 am not
in thvor of agitating: the question, nor do T know
of any party in the South, or any considerable
number of gentlemen of the Democratic party, or
of any other party, who are in favor of the agita-
tion of that question, with a view of repealing
the anti-slave-trade laws. As to whether I would
be in favor of reopening the trade, in the event
that this Confederacy should be dissolved, I am
not prepared to say, nor do I suppose that the
gentleman now wants au answei to that ques-
tion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I simply desire an
answer—if the" gentleman sees fit to give it-—
whether he indorses the sentiment of this book
in favor of a reopening of the slave trade? I am
not asking the gentleman whether he is in favor
of evading the law, but whether he indorses the
sentiments of this book, in favor of the revival
of the slave trade by law?
Mr, BONHAM. No, sir; I do not. It is quite
impracticable. I do not know what we might do,
if we were out of the Confederacy That is an-
other question. I have no scruples on the sub-
ject of the African slave trade; none whatever.
But I wish to say, as there has been a good deal
said, and some bills of indictment have been found
in the South, against those who are said to have
violated the laws, that I do not stand in the atti-
tude of one who indorses the violation of any of
the existing laws of the country, is that ex-
plicit?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Perfectly so. I want,
now, to inquire of the gentleman from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. McRae,] who addressed the House
the other day, whether ho indorses the sentiments
of this book or not ?
Mr. REAGAN. Will the gentleman allowme
to interrupt linn ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Not now.
Pv'Ir. McRAE. I have a right to the floor be-
cause the gentleman from Illinois has asked me
a question; and I do not mean to have that right
taken away from me.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I yield "he gentle-
man from Mississippi for a response to my inter-
rogatory .
Mr. McRAE. Mr. Clerk, I thought that in
the remarks which I made to the House a few
days since, my opinion and my position upon this
question were so distinctly stated that they could
not be nrsimderstood. i said, sir, that I was in
fav«ir, as an individual, of reopening the slave
trade, 1 stated, at the same time; that that was
not the position of the Democratic party in Mis-
sissippi or in ail]- other southern State that I
knew of. 1 stated that there were gentlemen who
entertained opinions similar to mine on this ques-
tion, and that so far ad mine wore individually
concerned, i did not fear to express them here or
els-'when e.
Now, I have to repeat that while this is my
individual position, it is not the position of the
Democratic party in ihe State of Mississippi, or
of any other State that I know of. That is what
f have to state upon that point.
i have to say Uns, further: thai I am a man of
law and of ordei, and I «un for ihe faithful ob-
S'-iVenco mid execution of the laws, as they now
stand, ogamst the reopening of this tratne. ) am
in iavur of enforcing the laws as they now stand,
hut f consider them unconstitutional and bad laws;
laws winch are oppressive to the South; laws
which take away from the southern States their
equality in this Union in reference to their labor
system, so far as its supply is concerned. And
where there are bad laws, i nm for their repeal;
but while they are laws on the statute-book, net
yi t adjudicated by the courts to be unconstitu-
tional, I am m favor of their observance. and op-
posed ■:> all evasion* of them. Is that satisfac-
tory -
Air. FARNSWORTH. Entirely so, Mr. Clerk,
Mr. MeUAK. Now, ■ wish to ask the /rewle-
mtn a question, and I pip it honestly and Unrly.
Will he s~n; that the southern States, tn reference
to their labor system and its sirorly, are on a
, ?erfcf x equality w tth the non-slavenolding States,
W'ih laws against th.-rn?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I willanswerthe ques-
tion of rhe ot mkmon. and oil other questions that
hove bc< n pronoimded to me, before T take rny
I would lii: • now to have an answer to mv
inquiry from t^<- gentleman from Georgia, [Air.
CaAWfoan.l
Air. Al>ilA£. I wish to say that I understand
him as declining to answer my question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Not at all; but I do
not wish Lo be diverted from my purpose at the
present timw.
Mr. McRAE. I do not wish the gentleman to
answer it now. I only put the question. It is
fi fair one. In fairness answer me; as in fairness
I have answered you.
Now, I wish to say this much more, that it is
useless for any gentleman to rise upon this floor
and undertake to fix upon the Democratic party
the responsibility of advocating the reopening of
the slave trade. Those of us who have taken that
position in Mississippi,have taken thegrounddis-
tinctly that they did not mean to make it a party
issue, or to commit any party to it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am very much of
the opinion of the gentleman. I do not think
that, by a fair construction of the platform of the
Democratic party thus far, it can be fixed upon
the Democratic parly, or upon any national organ-
ization, that they are in favor of a revival of the
slave trade. Rut it can be just as fairly charged
upon them, as it can be charged upon the Repub-
lican party, that they indorse the acts of John
Brown; yes, and with much more propriety.
Mr. McRAE. 1 wish to say further: that I
believe I am the only member from the State of
Mississippi who entertains the opinions I have
expressed in reference to the reopening of the
slave trade. But, sir, I am one of the men who
sustain slavery m all its phases. I believe that
m that institution we have the highest type of
civilization.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will now respond
to the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. McRae.]
I understand linn to ask me, if the South arc upon
an equality with the North, while these laws arc
upon the statute-book forbidding the importation
of Africans, as slaves. Sir, in the Noith we have
no such trade. Our labor, in the North, is free
labor. You m the South may have your free labor
also. How is it, then, that the people of the South
arc not on an equality with the North m reference
to labor, because they may not import slaves?
Why, sir, they have already four million slaves
m the slave States. By what right, then, can you
claim that there has not been an equality between
the North and the South upon the question of
labor? Why, sir, should they have this extraor-
dinary right; this special, unnatural right; this
right of cariyin<£ on a tiade which was declared
by our lathers to be piracy; the right to go to the
shores of Africa, and buy, or by violence seize,
import, and place upon their fields, men, women,
and children, to do their labor, as slaves? I do
not understand the gentleman when he says that
they are not upon an equality with the North in
every respect. "What does the gentleman mean?
Mr. McRAE. I will explain by putting the
question m another shape. 1 ask the gentleman
if the Congress of the United States pass a law
forbidding the migration of free labor to your
section of the country, would you consider Ma# a
fair law? Would you consider it putting your
section upon an equality with the other sections ?
Would you consider that a fair law, which pro-
hibits your fsettine: additional labor ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman is put-
ting a question which supposes a ease that could
never exist.
Air. McRAE. Yes, sir, it could; because the
Constitution declares that Congress shall not,
prior to 1808, prohibit the migration or importa-
tion of persons into the country. Now, we have
laws upon the statute-book prohibiting the migra-
tion or importation of slaves, but suppose Con-
gress should pass a law prohibiting the migration
of all persons, would he not consider it a stroke
at the labor system anu the power of the northern
section, to prevent their increasing m population,
wealth, and resourcesp
Mr. FARNS WORTH. But such a law would
bear upon ail sections alike. It is utterly out of
the question. Congress has no authority, under
the Constitution, nor any other right, to pass a
1-tw which shall forbid the migration of any class
of laborers to a particular section.
Mr. McRAE. I thank the gentleman for his
admission; that is just my position. I say that
the Congress of the United States has no author-
ity to prohibit the migration or importation of per-
sons.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The law forbidding
the African slave trade, is a universal law which
applies to every section of the United States, and
not to the section of Mississippi. That is the
diffcrcnce. The gentleman puts tome a question
