2190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
nothing. The alternative was to take it or starve, and it
was not unnatuial to suppose that they chose the former.
This was the case with the whole Maryland Vine."—Debates
in Congress, 1827-28, vol. 4, part 1.
"Mr. Madison, who was in Congress in 1783, and voted
«ay> on the passage of the commutation resolution, says
in the course of the debate referred to in 1790, was this de-
preciated paper (commutation certificates) freely accepted ?
No. The Government offered that or nothing. The rela-
tion of the individual to the Government and the circum-
stances of the offer, rendered the acceptance a forced one,
not a free one.' The same degree of constraint would viti-
ate a transaction between man and man before any court
of equity on the face of the earth.1" * * * *
" Here, then, is a debt acknowledged to have been due, and
which was never discharged; because the payment was
forced and defective."—Annals of Congress, vol. 1, pp.
1236, 1308.
"(i Colonel Hartley who was an officer in the late army,
says also, that these certificates were not accepted by the
soldiers willingly as an equivalent for their services, but
Congress forced them to accept of them as the only alter-
native"—Ibid., p. 1209.
The utmost that the United States can of right,
and in honor, ask of these creditors is, to be al-
lowed the full amount of these certificates towards
the half-pay contract.
It appears to me, that the sacrifice on these cer-
tificates,for the large amountofarrearsof pay and
supplies furnished, due these officers, is quite
sufficient, without an attempt on the part of the
Government to sacrifice the rights of the officers,
vested under these contracts for half pay.
Mr. Speaker, before proceeding to the iastpoint
involved in the discussion of this question, I will
be allowed to refer to the action of the Thirty-
Fourth Congress, in confirmation of the opinion of
the court, delivered by the late able, and much
lamented, Chief Justice Gilchrist, in the case of
Thomas H. Baird, administrator of Absalom
Baird, who was a surgeon in the revolutionary
army, and in which this question of accord and
satisfaction seems to have been conclusively set-
tled.
In that case, Congress, in 183G, directed that he
should be paid his iivo years' full pay, which is
declared in the act to bo his commutation or half
pay. In 1837 he again applied for the interest,
anS this clamFwas, in 1855, referred to the Court
of Claims, and the Chief Justice Gilchrist, in de-
livering the opinion of the court, says:
"The proceedings in relation to the claim for commuta-
tion do not appear to be vet y material inflation to the ca>c
in the present position. On the 23d ot March, 17&1, a icsdlu-
tion was passed, providing that the officers and others en-
titled to half pay lor life ' shall be entitled to receive, at the
end of the war,"their live years'tall pay, in lieu of half pay
for life, in money—that is, specie—or in securities on intrr-
cstf as Congress Khali find ino^t convenient.' On the 28tli
of Januaiy, 1791, Dr. Baud applied fru tin- benefit of tin-
provision, but died in the year iSOtj—having, as m said in
the report of the Committee of Claims, of the 5th of Feb-
ruary, !K>f>,4 become wearied anddisheaitened with delay.'
in the year 1818, Ins Mm,Thomas IT. mini, having become
of age, petitioned Congress ibr relief; and on the 3d of
March, 1853, the committee reported that 'Dr. Absalom
Baird was entitled to the benefit of the act of tiie 17th of
January, 1781, extending th<; grant of half pay lor I lie to the
officers of the hospital department and medical stair.' No
action was had upon the resolution until the 22d of June,
1830, when an act was passed grunting live years' full pay
as commutation, under the resolution of 1783, but willwut
interest,
" Now, thin claim dooa not depend for its validity upon
any admission contained in the act of 1836. Hut the Con-
frcss which passed that act must have consideied thai lh.
laird had a legal elann ot some kind; otherwise, their con-
duct, in granting him live years' full pay, was wholly inde-
fensible. It is, however, iclied upon ah a final .settlement
uf the claim. Upon any principle known to the law, thin
position ig wholly untenable. It if easy enough to decl.ne,
ex caikedra, that it was a final settlement. Hut it is ex-
tremely di die tilt to imagine, in the absence of till evidence,
what-reasons can he mged for holding that the payment ot
u film of money is of itself u diselunge of a debtfor a larger
amount. A plea o< payment of a small sum in satisfaction
of a larger, is bad, even after verdict. (2 Pardons on Con-
tracts, 130. and notes.) Tins principle i- tamiliar to every
lawyer. A debt may be paid by a fair and well-uudeistood
compromise, carried faithfully into effect. But here there
was no compromise. If it were a case between individ-
uals, no one would dream of applying sucli a term to it.
The'United States are either bound by principles ot law-
applicable to them, or they are not so bound. If they are
not bound, there Is an end of the discussion—for then all
reasoning is fruitless. If they are bound by the principles
oflaw, it is impossible to regaid the payment of live jears'
full pay, without interest, as a satisfaction of this claim.
There is no evidenec that either paity ?o regauied it; and,
unless we set at delianee every principle of law, we cannot j
hoid that one party to a contract, without the consent of
the other, cau disehai go his debt by the pa> mem of a smaller
sum than iheamountdiif." * + * * "The
amount of Dr. Baird's half pay was $240 per annum, pay-
able at the end of every year. lie was entitled to this sum
up to the 27th day of October, 1805, the day of his death,
and interest on the payments as they became due, accoid-
ingto^the express provisions of the resolutions of June 3,
- This bill, reported by the Court of Claims,
passed Congress, and was approved on the 18th
day of August, 1856. This act of Congress was
a public declaration and legal construction of this
contract, and not only the rights of one or the
joint and several payees of the same obligation,
under which all the others claim half pay for life,
but each and all the others are equally and justly
entitled to the same relief. Aside from this de-
cision of the court, confirmed by Congress, by
no principle of construction known to law or
equity can it be said that the promise for half pay
has ever been fulfilled, either by the old or the
new Confederation.
These certificates, it is conceded, were never
paid, but were funded by the holders under the
funding law of August 4, 1790. Few, if any, at
«that time, were in the hands of the officers; they
had parted with tfiem at their usual value, from
five to twelve and a half cents on the dollar; and
those who had funded them received, in the course
of thirty years, some two thirds of their amount.
But as this act extended only to negotiable paper,
it could not embrace the half-pay contracts; and
the ninth section expressly declares:
" That nothing in this act contained shall be construed
in any wise to alter, abridge, or impair the rights of those
creditors of the United States who shall not subscribe to
the said loan or the cotuiacts upon which thcii respective
claim" ate founded; but the contracts and rights shall re-
main in full force and virtue."
This section of the funding act in fact declares
a final separation of those certificates from the con-
tracts for half pay. The twenty-second section
of the funding act of August 4, 1790, provides:
" That the proceeds of the sales which shall he made of
lands in the western tcriitory now belonging, or that may
horenlter belong, to the United States, .shall be, and are
hereby, appropuated towards sinking or dischaigmg the
debts lor the payment whereof the United States now arc.
or by virtue of this act may be holden, and shall be applied
solely to that use, until the said debts shall be fully satis-
fied."
These creditors, therefore, urge that they are
not asking for the creation of a debt, but, as cred-
itor, they are seeking the payment of demands
long since due, through their own fundsplaced in
the Government hands as? a sacred trust. These
men conquered by their valor and secured by
their patriotism the lands to the States, and the
States ceded them to the United States, to be ap-
plied to that use until the said debts were fuliy
satisfied. No final settlement of these claims
could have been presumed until the patent of the
land had issued. (Stoiy on Contracts, chap. 23,
pp. If) and 17; Minor r*. Bradley, 22 Pich'g,
459.) Until that tunc the officers were merely
the factors or bailies of (he Government, as such,
for said certificates. The party receiving a bill
or note is hound strictly to the performance ofall
the duties of holder or mdorser, as the case may
be; and until security is due, his right to sue
upon his original claim is suspended. So it was
with the officers; the right to sue the United States
has been, ever since the judiciary act of 1789, not
only suspended, but positively prohibited. (Sec
Story on Contracts, 579, chap. 1, p. 3083.)
Upon the dishonor of the bill or note, the origin-
al rights of the creditor revive, and are the same
as if the bill or note had never been given.
The payees of the half-pay contract were joint
as well as several, and the promise, or any law
which affected one, would extend to each and ail
the others.
They were presented by the admission and res-
toration of the claim to all the survivors of the
joint and several obligees of the half-pay contract
under the act of May 15, 3828, which restored the
right of all the joint and several obligees who were
deceased. Congress, by successive acts, passed
at intervals from two to five years, continued to
authorize the issuing uf military land warrants to
the officers and soldiers of the continental lines,
whose claims for bounty land remained unsatis-
fied—the last of which acts of extension was passed
February 8, 1854, which extended the time for
dtschaiging this portion of the contract up to the
26th of June, 1858.
All these claims for half pay for life were again
opened, and they were presented by the joint res-
olution of the Senate of .January 1G, 1828, wherein
it is required that all those who had not received the
land warrants to which they were entitled should
receive the same. The acts granting bounty land
of September 16 and 18, 1776, strictly extended
only to those who served to the end of the war.
Justice to the memory of those who served many
years, instead of fourteen days, who gained our
liberties and established this Government, entitles
them to have their names banded down to their
children and future time by the records of the
Government, at least in grants of land. This bill,
however, confines the extension of the said act to
those only whose claim shall be established by
record evidence of service, or by the rule of the
•second section pf the act of May 14,1856, and in
case there bemorethan one child surviving,each
shall be entitled to eighty acres, instead of one
hundred and sixty acres.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I have only to say,
that in these investigations, requiring much per-
severing labor, which has its only reward in the
consciousness of the justice and honor of the
claims and the thanks of the claimants, it is grat-
ifying to know that I am advocating no new
scheme of public expenditure; no doubtful claim
on the Treasury; no excessive payment; but a
proposition full of justice and honor, and equity
and truth;and which had the support of Mr. Mad-
ison, in 1783; Mr.Nelson, 1810; Mr. Johnson, in
1818; Mr. Sergeant, December 10, 1819; Mr.
Hemphill, January 3,1826;Mr.Burgess, May 8,
1826; and February 11, 1828; the act of May 15,
1828; Senator Walker's report, in 1852; Senator
Evans's, February 4,1854; and Mr. Broom, April
4, 1856; and their arguments and reports show
a repeated recognition of the contract on the part
of Congress, but no general provision appears to
have been made by Congress for the relief of these
officers, until the act of May 15, 1828, in which
the contract of 1780 is fully recognized.
The committee to whom I referred this bill
eaily in the present session, therefore, instructed
me to report it back without amendment, and
recommend its passage. It allows half pay for
life to the officers from the close of the Revolution
to the date of their death, deducting therefrom all
sums which have ever been paid to them by the
Government by way of commutation or as pay,
under the act of May 15,1828. For the purpose
of extending tq the surviving children of the sol-
diers of the Revolution the benefits of the act oi
March 3, 1855, a section has been inserted for
that purpose. The act referred to was doubtless
intended to cmbrace their claims, but the word
{< minor" excludes them, as there arc no " minor
children" of the Revolution; and hence the ne-
cessity of further legislation in behalf of these
meritorious claimants.
JANE IV. Sl'ltEE.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, reported a bill grantingan
increase of pension to Jane W. McKee, wiSow
of Colonel William R. McKec, late of the second
rcgimentof Kentucky volunteers; which was read
a first and second time, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and, with the accompany-
ing report, ordered to be printed.
A motion made by Mr. Foster to put the bill
on its passage was objected to by Mr. Hughes.
MARGARET COWARD.
Mr. FOSTER, from the same committee, also
reported a bill granting apension to Mrs. Mar-
garet Coward, widow of Thomas Coward; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
SALVADOR ACCARDI.
Mr. FOSTER, from the same committee, also
reported a bill to increase the pension of Salvador
Accardi; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to
be printed.
JOIIX O'LEAUY.
Mr. FOSTER, from the same committee, also
reported a bill to increase the pension of John
O'Leary; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to
be printed.
MARGARET REYNOLDS, DECEASED.
Mr. FOSTER, from the same committee, also
reported a bill for the relief of the surviving chil-
dren of Margaret Reynolds, deceased; which was
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to
be printed.
