S134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
Martha Sanderson, widow ofMajpr WinslowF.
Sanderson;
. An act (H. R. No. 99) for the relief of Benja-
min Say re;
An act (H. R. No. 524) for the relief of J . R.
Crump;
An act (H. R. No. 421) for the relief of Joel
A4. Smith;
An act (H. R. No. 587) for the relief of Anton
L. C. Portmari;
An act (H. R. No. 374) for the relief of the
Missionary Society of the Methodist Episcopal
Church; and
An act(H. R. No. 353) for the relief of Thomas
R. Livingston.
EXPENSES OF CONTESTED EJECTIONS.
Mr. DAWES. 1 am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Elections to report the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That Mich fees as the Committee of Accounts
shall find to have been actually paid, and to be ju<-t and
reasonable, lor the officers employed in seiving subpenas,
and taking testimony for certified copies ot public papers
and other documentary evidence, and lot the witne^es ex-
amined in the cases ot' contested elections fiomthe States
of Michigan, Kentucky, Missouri, and the several cases
from Maryland and the Territory ot Nebraska, respectively,
heard by the Committee of Elections at the present ses-
sion, be allowed and paid"out of the contingent tund of the
House.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Such expenses
have never been allowed since the foundation of
the Government.
Mr, SHERMAN. I object to that resolution.
There is no law allowing; it, and it is an expanse
- the House has no right to pay upon its mere mo-
tion.
Mr. DAWES. There is no law on the subject,
and such expenses have sometimes boon paid by
the House, and sometimes not. The Committee
of Elections think they are expenses which ought
to be paid by the House. But there was no pro-
vision one way or the other in the statute of 1851
for allowing this; but it was thought, best by the
Committee of Elections that they should pay
them. The case from New York not having been
closed yet, and the witnesses not having been ex-
amined, it could not be embraced in this resolu-
tion. That is the only reason.
Mr. BRANCH. 1 must object to the resolu-
tion, for if there be no general law on the subject
there ought to be one; and it is a suitable time to
introduce and pass a general law on the subject.
It ought to be regulated by Jaw, and not left to
the discretion of any Committee of Accounts, or
any ofiicer at all.
Mr. AVERY. I demand the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. BRANCH. I have objected to the intro-
duction of the resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a point of order.
I make the point that nothing is in order Until the
bill pending under the operation of the previous
question is disposed of.
A Member. What bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. The main question was
ordeied last ni«*ht on thercpoit fimn the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union on
the amendments of the Senate on the legislative
appiopnation bill.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman insists pn
his point of order, the Chair must sustain it. The
Chair must say, however, that he supposed the
resolution had been received.
Mr, -BRANCH. No, sir; I objected as dis-
tinctly us I could.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman from
North Carolina object before the resolution was
reeei\edi
Mr, BRANCH. I objected after I was an-
swered by the gentleman from Massachusetts.
I objected because I thought the subject ought to
be provided for in a general law.
Mr. DAWES. That was after the previous
question was seconded.
The SPEAKER. Objection being insisted on,
the Chair cannot entertain the resolution.
Mr. BRANCH. As quickly as I could get the
floor alter the resolution was read, I rose and ob-
jected.
I he SPEAKER. The Chair considers that
the resolution was read for information, although
the gentleman from Massachusetts callcd for the
previous question. The Chair holds that the ob-
jection was in time.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL.
if
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the consideration of the report of the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union on
the amendments of the Senate to House bill No.
339, making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of Government
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1861.
Mr. SIMMS. I ask the floor for my colleague
for one word of explanation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot yield. There are
fifty who have asked me; and if I yield to one, I
must to all. I object.
The SPEAKER. The amendments will be
reported, with the action of the committee, and *if
there be no objection, separate votes will only be
taken on those amendments indicated by mem-
bers of the House.
The Clerk proceeded to read the amendments.
Mr. HOUSTON asked for separate votes on
the first and fifth amendments.
Mr. MAYNARD asked for a separate vote on
the seventh amendment.
Mr. YANCE asked for a separate vote on the
twenty-sixth amendment.
The action of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the remaining amend-
ments of the Senate was concurred in.
First amendment of the Senate:
Insert these words in the Senate paragtaph :
" Chaplain, $750," and increase the appiopnation to that
amount.
The committee recommend
The SPEAKER,
a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifth amendment of the Senate:
For the usual additional compensation to the reporters of
the Senate for the Congressional Globe, for reporting the
proceedings of tho Senate for the becond sebsion of the
Thirty-Sixth Congress, $800 each, $3,200.
The SPEAKER. The committee recommend
a concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventh amendment of the Senate:
Strike out "tfl l,.')!*!," and in lieu thereof insert" $9,714;"
so that the paiagiaph will lead :
For compensation of the Supeuntendcnt of Public Punt-
ing and the clerks and messenger in his oflice, $9,114.
And add the^e woids;
And that hereafter the Superintendent of Public Print-
ing not be allowed to employ moie than three cloiks
in his ofiiee.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of Ways
and Means repotted the following amendment:
And it is iieiebv piovided that all evti.wlooumenUoidered
to he punted hv the floti-e of Representative-* dmmg the
Thirty-Sixth ConKie^, nut aheady executed, shall bo
printed by the UmiM' Pnntei ; bur that nothing shall be
allowed for composition wheie the same document has
been first ordered to be printed by the Senate.
The committee amended that amendment, on
the motion of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Clop ton,] by adding the following:
Jlnd providedfuitlicr, That this proviso shall not be so
construed as to authoi payment for punting said docu-
ments to be made to any other than the Printer elected by
the Utilise ; and where the pnntin" oi any part theieof has
been assigned ot ti.tnhlcmed, no payment shall be made.
The amendment to the amendment of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means was concurred m.
The question was taken on the amendment of
the Committee of Ways and Means, as amended,
to the amendment of the Senate; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 94, nays 57; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Gieen Adams. Ald-
rich. Alley, Will tain (J. Andeison, Babbitt, Kin«lmm. Blake
lex , llale, Hail, Ilehmek, Hill, Hmnd, William A. Howard.
Humphrey, flutehms, Junkin, Francis VV. Kellogg, Wil-
liam Kellogg, Kcnvon,Kilgoie. Killmger, DeWittC.Leaeh,
Lee. Longneeker, Looims, MeJvean,\Mt Kmyht, McPher-
son, Mnoi head. Mori til, Kdwaui Joy Morns, Morse, Nixon,
Olm. Palmer, Perry. Pettit, Poiter, Potter, Rice, Ohii&to-
pher Roimison, Uojee, Shennan, Pomes,. Spauldmg, Spin-
nei, Stevens-, William Stewait, Stoke.-, Stiatton, Tappan,
Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins, Tram, Trimble, Vandevur,
Vcuee, Wade, Cadu aladet C. Washburn, Ellthu 15. VVash-
btirne, Israel Washburn, Wells, Window, Wood, and
Woodrntf—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Aslmiore, Barksdale, Boeock, Bonham,
Boj ee, Bianch, Buich, Burnett, Uoiace F. Clark, Cloptoti,
Cobb, Burton Ciai^o, Cuiry, Jteuhen Davis, Dc Jornette,
Edmund-on, Floience, Gartiei!, John T. Hants, Houston,
William liowaid, Huffhea, Jenkins, Jones, Kent, Kunkel,
Landtuin, James M. Leach, Leake, Love, Maynard, Mc-
Queen, Miles, Millson, Sydenham Mooie, Niblack, Pen-
dleton, Peyton, Phelps, Pryor, Pugh, Quailes, Reagan,
Ri^Rnffin, William Smith, William N. H. Smith. Stall-
worth, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Taylor, Thomas,
Underwood, Vallandigham, Vance, Winslow, and Wright
So the amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. REAGAN stated that Mr. Garnett was
paired with Mr. Walton.
Mr.OLIN stated that he had transferred his pair
with Mr. Larrabee to Mr. Beale for to-day.
Mr. VANCE stated that hfc neglected to state
when up before that his pair with Mr. Stout was
only on the Kentucky contested-election case.
Mr. WILSON stated that he was paired with
Mr. Lamar, who was called home on urgent
bu sidgss
Mr. FA RNSWORTH stated that he was pai red
with Mr. Logan.
Mr. ALLEN, not being within the bar when
his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
The Senate amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
Twenty-sixth amendment:
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of War be, and he is hereby, authorized to pay out of the
unexpended balance of appropriation tor the "war debt of
the State of California, made by the last section of the act
approved August 5, 1854, entitled " An act making appro-
priation for the suppoit of the Army for the year ending the
3Uth of June, 1855," any outstanding and unpaid bonds and
coupons issued by said State for said war debt puor to the
parage of said art, but beaiinsr date subsequent to the 1st
day of January, 1854 : Provided, That no pa\ment shall be
made beyond the unexpended amount ot* said appropriation
now ternaining in the Treasury.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Air. Colfax in
the chair.) The Committee of Ways and Means
recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now call up the consid-
eration of the Senate amendment to the bill of
the House (No. 501) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending 30th June, 1861.
Mr. Q.UARLES. Before that matter is brought
up, I desire to call the attention of the Chair to
the fact that a separate vote was requested upon
the amendment of the Senate appropriating the
sum of ^2^,000 for extra pay to the judges of the
State of California.
Mr. BURCH. I submit whether the gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. Vance] did not
call for a separate vote upon the war debt appro-
priate n.
Mr. VANCE. I was not certain upon what
amendment I did call a separate vote. I had no
bill in my hand, and 
Mr. SHERMAN. Thequestion comes too late.
Mr. VANCE. The gentleman from North Car-
olina is upon the floor, and he does not see any
reason for yielding it for any purpose now.
Mr. SHERMAN. Of course, if the gentleman
is on the floor to a question of order, I do not
wish to interfere with him.
Mr. VANCE. I was going on to say that I
thought, from hearing the reading of the amend-
ment—not having a pi in ted copy of the bill in my
hand—that I was calling for a separate vote upon
the proposition to pay the Oregon war debt. I
found out afterwards that there was no such pro-
vision in the amendment, and therefore the sep-
arate vote I called for amounted to nothing.
TIIE COVODE INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE.
Mr. WINSLOW, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted a minority report from the Covode com-
mittee; which was ordered to be printed, with the
majority report.
Mr. WINSLOW. I ask the indulgence of the
House, while F make a few remarks persona! to
myself in connection with this matter. It will be
recollected by the House that some days ago I
moved for leave to issue subpenas for certain wit-
nesses to be examined before the Covode com-
mittee. Among other grounds alleged m support
of the application was, that inquiry might be made
touching the means by winch the honorable gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sctianton] ob-
tained his seat upon this floor. I had, some time
before that, some six or eight weeks before, re-
ceived two or three letters from Mr. Scranton's
district, calling my attention to that subject. It
had never been my intention to bring it to the
attention of the committee until 1 had carefully
