1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
227
whether v/e would have a right to deprive a par-
ticular section of the United States of the labor
which they derive from the migration of foreign-
ers to their soil. I say there is no such authority
anywhere under the Constitution for the passage
of'such a law. Laws must be general. They
must apply to every scction of the country. The
gentleman Pays, suppose we should pass a law to
prevent the migration of free laborers into a por-
tion of the United States. I reply to that, that
the different sections of the Union would not (lien
he equal. But if a law were passed prohibiting
the migration into any part whatever of the Uni-
ted States, then all sections would be upon an
equality,would they not? Practically they would,
and theoretically they would. At the present,
the free laborers of Germany, Ireland, England,
Scotland, and every othercountry, con come with-
out restraint to this country, and they are as much
at liberty to land at New Orleans asatNcw York,
if they so please, so far as any law of Congress if?
concerned.
Mr. KEITT. Will the gentleman allow me to
make a single statement in response to the inquiry
of the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Mr R\ is?]
AIv. FARNSWORTH. I prefer not to yield.
I have already yielded a liberal portion of my
time for interrogatories.
Mr. KEITT. I do not want to interrupt the
gentleman, and I will not detain him a minute.
Mr. 3A UN SW 0 RTII. Well, proceed.
Mr.KEITT. The gentleman from Mississippi
asked the gentleman from Illinois whether ho
would put the South upon an equality with the
North, in respect to its labor. The gemVman
from Illinois answered the question bv sav<n<>- thai
they were now upon terms of equahtv, because
fire labor was admitted on both sides*. Now. I
will not take up the time of the House by saying
anything m defense of any proposition, but sim-
ply to (Mil his attention to the tact tha1 then- i* a
clause in the Constitution which ;ov^ that Con-
gress shall not.piior to 1^08, prohibit the impor-
tation of Such persons as any ef the Stat. s xhall
choose to permit. Now. Mr. Jhnckney, who in-
troduced that clause into the convention winch
framed the Constitution, remarked afterwards, in
a speech upon the iloor of Congress, that he at
iiic time made this explanation of that clause:
that, m his opinion, by the time that limitation
wa:-. reached, slavery would have been abolished
in all the States except at the South; that the
North would be colonized by fiee labor, and the
South by slave labor; that, thercfoie, until that
time*, the migration, by voluntary movement,
should apply to the free labor system, and im-
portation by involuntary movement in regard to
the slave lahor system—I mean the importation
of Africans-, that Congress was to prohibit neither
migration nor importation up to that tnne—plac-
ing both sections upon an equality; after that they
were to <:o on. I merely give this statement of
M>\ Pincknov: I make no comments upon p.
Mi. CURTIS, i wish to eontrt'vei t that statc-
rnr nt of General Pi nolan y.
Mr. KEITT. That he said it 5
Mr. CURTIS. 1 think the gentleman must be
mistaken. 1 have always understood disunctlv
the pesuion of that convention to be this: that mi-
gration and importation are entirely dtsunet. The
Constitution gave to Congress the right to impose
a tax upon importation, but gave them no power
to impose such a tax upon migration.
Mr. KEITT. Why not? '
Mr. CURTIS. Because the next clause m the
same section distinctly save:
i:A tav or iliUv mav bo imposed on fuch inwort'-hrm n'>t
o\cGc<hiu' ten 'lolSat.« foi cat h pei^on.J?
Mr. KEITT. Importation of slaves'
Mr. CURTIS, hi ;ie? (at!on of any pr rsons.
Mr. KEITT. Weihsu', I can shew you Mv.
Pinckney's million r..
Mr. FARNSWORTt-j. i earmm yield further.
I have answered the questions put lo me by the
gentleman from Mississippi, who mqtmod of me ,
if I thought all sections of the eount/y were upon
an equality. But m ^o fur as I havo already an-
swered it, I have dealt with it r - a dry le-jal prop-
osition. leaving out of view the -jreat moral ones- ,
tion involved m this African slave trade: but when 1
you put in comparison the migration of free per- ,
sons for the free labor of the North with the lm- '
portntion of Africans for the slave labor of the ;
South, a mora! question crises overshadowing
in importance all questions of Constitution or
laws.
Mr. McRAE. I d'd not ask the gentleman's
opinion in reference to the question of morality.
We were simply discussing the question of le-
gality. The gentleman, however, misunderstood
me m reference to the migration of free persons
to only one portion of the country. I intended
to make the proposition a general one. I do not
say thai, the Congress is authorized to pass a Jaw
prohibiting the migration of persons into the
northern States; but I did not put the question in
its moral phase at all. When that comes up fairly
i| if it ever shall come up—and i do not intend to
introduce it, lor it presents a question upon which
there is a divided sentiment at the South—I shall
be ready to meet u.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. The gentleman from
Georgia. [Mr. Crawford,] to whom I propound! d
a question, rose a moment since; I will now hi or
hnn.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I would he alad to hear
the gentleman's ouestion again.
Air. FARNSWORTH. " It was, whether the
gentleman from Georgia indorsed the dorirme of
the book, from winch I have read, in reference to
the revival of the African slave Dade.
Mr. CRAWFORD, i have n-ver nad the
book at all.
Mr. LAMAR. Did you recommend it?
Mr..CRAWFORD. 'No. s.r.
i Mr. FARNSWORTH. My ooestion is. are
you in favor of reopeningthe African slave trade J
Mr. CRAWFORD. Under n particular state
of circumstances, I announce that I would bo.
At the present time, I am opposed to the reopen-
ing of the Anican slave trade; and so is the [Jem-
ocratie p.uty of Georgia. There ;n,' cir<un:-
stances, as 1 slated dining the huu session oi
Congre^'. m winch I would he io fa\ or of it; but
at pre? ''iu i am not, i;o  is my pai t v. And I may
say the !> uiK' in reference to the Opposi turn oart y.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have been asked by
seveial gentlemen upon my left, whether I in-
dorsed the doctrine of the Helper book, i will
say here that I li.no not read the entire book. I
never saw a copy of it until I came to thisHouse
the present session. I have looked otsomcpages
of the nook; and, in so far as any passages of it
can be fairly construed mlo the advocacy of ser-
vile insurrections, a uud upon the slave States, or
the eiicnuurgmg of the slaves to a violent rcsir.tancc
of their ma.-^ti i s. I do not indorse the Helper book.
Mr, REAGAN. Do you indorse so much of
that hook as i ecommends the slaves to rise against
their masteis, and the non-slaveholdingwhites to
! organize themselves againscthe slaveholders,and
proscribe them politically and socially-
j Mr, FARNSVv'ORTH. 1 want to say to the
I gentleman, that wei-e I a resident of a sl.i\e J*'true,
i regarding slavery .is 1 now d-o, I ha\e no doubt i
i would, if I could, advocate an enlightenment of
the non-slnveholde,s of niy seciton to their tri>"
interest-, whate\er they might be. But f would
not advocate nor em 'uine-'j a le^naance of ib<
laws, noi the use f,f \ lo'cnce by nop- daveliok'ieis
, against the > Livehohlei: . nor n>< uicate any doc-
tniie winch y.ould lead to iu >i irrc c Pen; bat !
i should advocate and inculcate M(ch doctrines and
teachings as would lead to a peaeepd emancip.i-
i tion. So far as 1 have read tin Hehc-i book. 1
■ do not think the o is^agc s which have keen quoted
hei'- tiave b-"i n fairiv eun'Mroed: \ et i must ray.
ni f•inn s-. that there ; re some p'ic:.;;>«>L ; m tlr-
, work in which 1 do nef concur m any event.
Tin 11.- n>e some pafsaiv-s win- h are bui'l / ex-
pressed. and cannot be jie\tn<<d: but in sj far
1 as the book indorses the doctnnes of Thoniaft
Jefferson, whose iangucc? it quotes; in so fir as
it quotes and indorses Washington and Madison
and Mason and Lee and Henry and Pmekiey,
and other .<21e.1t lights of the Revolution and tlie
Constitution. J 'indorse thr hook.
And h- re allow me to ivmark3 Mr. CK rk, that
the very passages to winch gentlemen upon the
other side of the House hove teken exception,
and have most sevendy < ritieiccd, are nothing in
the world but the advocacy of the Dougtas doc-
trine 0f <• unfriendly legislation/' Hrliief, m ins
book', recommends that the non-slaveholders of
the South shall organize into a party, and legis-
late against slavery. He recommends them to tax
each slaveholder so much a head for Ins slaves.
That i-j the very argument -.hat Douglas has used
time and again, in reference to slavery in the Ter-
ritories; and he illustrated his argument, as you
all remember, by instancing the case of liquor
being imported into a Territory contrary to the
wishes of the people. He says the people of a
Territory may tax it, and so legislate against it
as to make the importation worthless, and to drive
it out. And so he says they may do in reference
to slavery. Helper rccommcnds to the slave States
whnt Douglas says the Territories may practice
with perfect propriety — unfriendly legislation
Now, if there is any'Douglas man upon tins
lloor, who thinks that my criticism is not fair in
comparing his doctiine to that of the Helper book,
let him rise in ins placc and take exception to nvy
position.
- Mr. FOUKEr 1 will not avail myself of
centleman's invitation, but if I can get the floor
after hnn I will endeavor to answer him.
^ Mr. FARNsiWORTH. So far as slavery m
the States is concerned—and I speak for myself,
as the a,entlemrn from Mississippi [Mr. McRacJ
said he spoke for himself, and do not throw the
responsibility upon my party at ail—so far as sla-
very in the States is concerned, I say I do not
behove that Congrcss'-has the constitutional au-
thority to legislate ngainsl it. I do not believe I
have, as a citizen of Illinois*any ii^ht, politically,
to do anything of the kn:ci; nor have 1 any right
to advocate, a(Kise, or encage in a war upon the
rights or property of the citizens of the sharehold-
ing States, or any others. I never held to that
doctrine, nor is there a man in my district who
holds to any such doctrine. I do not think there
is onr.
Mr. MILKS. J nin^t say to the e-omloman
that 1 hear his remark with absolute amai'.cment.
It was onlv this morning [ saw the copy of an
e.vtract fioin a leitet v.tittcn to Governor Wise,
oi Vn^nu.p by a prominent eenlFman in Chi-
cago, in which he assured Governor Wise that
he knew the fact that some Abolitionists m Chi-
cno'o were positively in correspondence with Ab-
olitionists m Ohio and the New England States*
to organize a considerable body of men to proceed
to Virginia to rescue John Brown, and yet the
gentleman says that there is not a single person
m his district who would advocate, advise, or
enga^o in a war against the rights or property
of the citizens of a slavcholding State.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
give the name of the writer of that letter?
Mr. MILES. I do not know w ho he is; and if
I did, I would notgne it, for! presume the letter
was conlidential. I repeat again, that the gentle-
man's statement is amazuig; and when he said
that not one citizen o i Chicago would be in favor
of making a laid into a slave State, for the pur-
pose of attacking the institution of slavery, I could
but mention what came to my knowledge this
niomnnr.
.Mr. FA RNSWORTH. That is always the
way. When they ask us questions, and wo an-
swer them, they got up and deny that wo answer
them truly and faulv. WIko I osk them ques-
tions, and they amwe; mem piomptly and with
f iime.- •!, yen hear no ruaU denial from us. When
tie y pui qnesuoiis p> us. andv.e answer them,
they s;i v . that is only to lull u.\!*
Ah*. A11LL>>. 1 did not impute any motives
to ihe gentleman; but when he made the remark
that, in his belief—and I have no doubt he was
conscientious m it—that there was not one citizen
of th<■ uty of Chicago who would sympathize
actively in any raid upon a slave State, I thought
if lair and legitimate for me to mention the fact
that i had seen a copy of an extract from a letter
to Go\ernoi Wise from a piomimnt citizen of
Chicago, in vviiieh he stated that be knew that
there were citizens of Chicago who were calling
to combine with citizens of Ohio and New F.eg-
land to make a violent irruption upon the soil of
"Virginia, fortlm purpose oi lescuing John Blown.
Mr. FAKNSJWORTH. It imv be that r^.me
such letter bus b< - n wiiucn to Governor Wise;
but I Ua\ e no doubi that it was one of the thou-
sand In.axes thai ha\e beep plaved on Governor
Wi^'\
M-\ M i LI'>-. Will the gentleman say that ho
does not beh<-\e that there is air/ person in Chi-
cago who would have been willing to go into V ir-
gmia, and. by force of arms, rescue John Brown ?
Air. FARNSWORTH. I do not believe there
is any such person, I know; of no such man.
