1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
examined the whole matter, to the end that I might
assuie myself whether there was any foundation
for the charge.
It has been stated by some of the public presses,
that I proceeded in that matter upon an anony-
mous communication. That statement is totally
and wholly untrue. I said in debate, which took
place some ten or twelve days ago, that I pro-
ceeded upon written communication j from sources
I supposed to be reliable. 1 would scorn to pro-
ceed against any officer of this Government, from
the highest to the lowest—nay, not even against
the youngest of the pages who do your bidding
on this floor, upon anonymous communications,
much less would I attempt to,impugn the char-
acter of any of my honorable colleagues upon
such authority. I proceeded, as I said, upon
letters which 1 had reason to suppose came from
reliable sources. Even then, I. do not suppose 1
should have brought that matter before the House
or the committee, without a more thorough per-
sonal examination into the case, but for what I
thought to be an outrage committed upon the
rights of my party friends, by a majority of the
committee; and when 1 made my application to
the House, I was bound to make it as forcibly as
I could; and I presented that case which unques-
tionably fell within the scope of the resolution,
and the just constitutional powers of this House
—a right to inquire inio the qualification of its
members.
The letter upon which I proceeded gave me the
names of twenty-eight witnesses. I did not think
it proper to subject the House and the country to
the expense of calling so many until 1 knew what
they would prove. 1 therefore selected, at hazard,
seven of them, not knowing what they might be
able to prove, or indeed, who they were. Before
those witnesses were tendered and sworn, I had a
conference with the individual who wrote me the
letter, and, that I might stand right before the
committee, my colleagues upon the committee
will bear me witness that I produced the letter;
and it now stands recorded upon the minutes of
the committee. In a conference with the person
who wrote the letter, I became convinced that the
charges were not so reliable as to justify me m
pursuing the investigation. I do not say that
individual intended to deceive me. I do not think
he did; but he had, I thought, given too much im-
portance to a fact lie named. But I concluded
there was, in regard to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, nothing which would warrant further
examination. Accordingly, when I came before
the committee, I indicated my purpose not to ex-
amine the witnesses. The committee thought that
the seven witnesses should testify before the com-
mittee. I made no objection. Even had I so
wished, I could not have pursued the inquiry
further, for the reason that that very day the
committee determined that five days from that
time they would introduce no new matter in evi-
dence. Upon a conference with the chairman of
the committee I found that I could not get new
witnesses short of five or six days, and therefore
the whole matter in reference to the witnesses
for whom the House granted me a subpena was
set aside.
I have to say further, that the honorable gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Campbell] some
days ago asked me upon the floor of the House—
I will not say he challenged me to do it—to state
upon what authority I based the charges. It
would have boon manifestly improper to have
given that information to the House until the
proper time came, as I doubt not he will himself
admit, and I felt that I could not comply with his
request.
And I said then, what i repeat now, that to no
member of the House would it afford greater
pleasure than to me, to find the honorable gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scranton] entirely
relieved from the suspicions which had been ex-
cited against him; and I add, with the greatest
pleasure, from all the testimony I have examined,
and from all the circumstances connected with it,
that 1 believe that nothing has been advanced
touching the honor and integrity of that gentle-
man. From nothing that occurred before the com-
mittee, do I believe that any stain rests upon his
character in the slightest degree. I may again
repeat that I should not have proceeded in the
matter without a more extended investigation,
but that my colleagues upon the committee had
refused me a right, which I thought I had, to ex-
amine ceitain witnesses; and it gives me as much
pleasure now, as it can to any of his colleagues,
to assert in the strongest possible language, that
nothing which has occurred before the committee
impugns, m the slightest, the integrity of that
honorable gentleman, and that I am gratified that
it is so.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I think it is due, upon the
part of Colonel Scranton, who is absent, that I
should say that the explanation and statement of
the honorable gentleman from North Carolina is
creditable alike to his head and his heart; and that
no one of the friends of Mr. Scuanton supposed
for one moment that the gentleman from North
Carolina was actuated by any other than a con-
scientious regard for the discharge of his duties
in the premises. It is true that I called for the
name of the individual who wrote him the letter,
supposing, at the time, that it might properly be
given to the public. But, for the reasons just
given by the gentleman, I am satisfied that he
could not, with propriety, have siven the name
at that time. The letter and tile name will be
spread before the House when the report of the
committee is published. The result, so far as my
colleague is concerned, is what all know it must
be—his entire exculpation from anything which
would cast a stain upon his public or private life.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now call up the consid-
eration of the Senate amendments to the civil
appropriation hill. I will, for the purpose of fa-
cilitating business, and as I can accomplish my
purpose in another way, withdraw the amend-
ment which I offered to the third Senate amend-
ment, and will witluhaw the demand for the pre-
vious question, to enable me to offer another
amendment to the same section. I move to strike
out the words " for the extension of the Treasury
building, $335,2t)3 71:" and to strike out at the
end of the amendment the sum " £500,000.My
only purpose is to enable the House to vote un-
derstandably upon the question whether or not
we will go on with the work of the Treasury ex-
tension. Those who are of opinion that the woik
had better remain as it is now, will, of course,
vote for my amendment. Those of a different
opinion will vote " no," and we will thereby
have a test vote.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton, one of their clerks, notifying the
House that the President of the United States had
informed the Senate that he had approved and
signed bills of the following titles:
An act (ft. No. 464) to amend an act entitled
an act in addition to the acts prohibiting the slave
trade;
An act (S. No. 378) to relinquish the title of
the United States to certain lands occupied by the
city of Baton Rouge, in Louisiana;
An act (S. No. 118) for the relief of David My-
erle; and
An act (S. No. 84) to facilitate communication
between the Atlantic and Pacific States by elec-
tric telegraph.
ESTHER COLE.
Mr. GROW asked and obtained unanimous
consent to have the petition of Esther Cole, widow
of Samuel Cole, rereferred to the Committee on
invalid Pensions.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
Mr. PHELPS. When the gentleman from
Ohio offered an amendment the other evening to
this bill which involved an appropriation, 1 felt
it my duty then to call the attention of the House
to it. The Chair delivered his opinion on the
point of order, and from that decision I felt it my
duty to take an appeal. The amendment new
submitted by the gentleman from Ohio obviates
the objection which I then made; and therefore,
by the withdrawal of the amendment, the appeal,
as a matter of course, falls.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state, as he occupied the chair at that time, that
he has referred to precedents since; and he finds
that in 1828 a similar ruling was made. But a
subsequent case was decided differently by Mr.
Banks in the Thirty-Fourth Congress. Prece-
dents, therefore, are adverse nn the subject.
Mr. SHERMAN.' 1 yield to the gentleman
from Maryland now to offer an amendment.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. This isan amend-
ment which I offer wit£ the consent of parties
interested in the section which it affects; and I
suppose the House will let it pass. The amend-
ment is as follows: '
And -provided further. That the material of said columns
shall be American marble.
So that the clause will read:
To enable the superintendent of the Capitol extension
to purchase from Rice & Heebner thirty-four monolithic
columns, at the price specified in their supplemental con-
tract of March 30, 1854, the marble for said columns to be
approved by the said superintendent, the sum of $47,000 :
Provided, That no part of the sum appropriated for the pros-
ecution of the work shall be applied to the purchase of
irmrble columns: Jind provided further, That the material
of said columns shall be American marble.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means to allow to be
read a letter from the Secretary of War to the
chairman of the Committee on Public Buildings.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 must object to that; it
would give rise to debate. I desire simply to have
the previous question seconded, and then I will
say one or two words.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the House to the thirty-eighth amendment,
relating to Messrs. Gales & Seaton. Since that
subject was debated, Congress has passed a law
providing for a printing establishment, which re-
quires till the printing hereafter ordered by either
House of Congr@ss,or required by the executive
department, to be done in that office. On looking
over the amendment, I find that as it has been
sent, to us from the Senate, it is without restraint
or limitation. By examining the books already
issued, and from them estimating those hereafter
to be issued-—there will be from fifty to seventy-
five volumes, I think—I find that each volume
will cost $20,000, making the whole woik cost
over a million. Messrs. Gales & Seaton have
contracted already for the publication of these
books to the amount of $350,000, and we cannot
intoiferc with that contract. But if the Senate
amendment be adopted, without material qualifi-
cation, it will involve the Government in a very
large expenditure, a circumstance which 1 do not
believe the House understood at the time the
matter was acted on. I therefore simply desired
to make this statement of facts, and to call for a
separate vote on that amendment, hoping that the
House will reject it, and then a committee of con-
ference may possibly arrange the matter so as to
answer all the purposes desired without involving
us in so large an expense.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is
in reference to the Senate amendments; these
amendments will be read, and those on which a
separate vote is asked, can be voted on*separatcly.
As to all the others, the report of the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union can be
concurred in,
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
The amendments were then read.
Separate votes were called for on amendments
throe, five, six, seven, twenty-four, twenty-seven,
and thirty-eight.
The thirtieth amendment was read, as follows:
For thn survey of tho eastern boundary ot California, in
pursuance of a law passed during the piesent session of
Congress for that put pose, §55,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer an amendment here.
It provides for an accident which has happened
to the capitol building of Nebraska, by a rccent •
tornado which passed over that section of the
country, and by which the roof of the building
was blown off.
There being no objection, the amendment was
read, as follows:
And $'0,000 for the repairs of the capitol of Nebraska
Territory.
The amendmentto the amendment wasagreed to.
The question was taken on agreeing to the rec-
ommendation of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union in reference to all the
amendments on which no separate vote was re-
quired; and it was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved tore-
consider the vote by which the report of the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
