1248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March.20.
in constant intercourse with the Hudson's Bay
Company. A great number of them are half-
breeds, equal, man to man, in Indian warfare,
with white men. Councils held with them which
shall restrain them to certain limits .of country,
and bring them under the influence of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, must be beneficial
to the peace of that frontier. I have always looked
upon it as one of the most important problems
with which we have to deal, in relation to the In-
dians. If they are left under the influence of the
Hudson's Bay Company, we must expect them
to be always on the side of Great Britain, if a col-
lision should arise between that country and this;
and it is only by confining them to certain limits,
exercising a controlling power over them by the
Government of the United States, that they can
be brought into such affiliation with us as will
make them tributary to us and prevent them from
committing outrages on us.*
I concur in the policy indicated by the Senator
from Minnesota. I concur in the policy of the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs. I
only proposed that we should hold councils with
this inferior race, instead of treating with them as
with foreign nations. It was a change of phrase-
ology, indicating a change of purpose; and, in
illustration of this, I will state but a single in-
stance. We made a treaty with the Indians who
occupied the country in which the Senator from
Illinois now resides—the Pottawatomies—and
fixed alarge sum per capita for the then population
of that tribe. They have gradually diminished;
are diminishing more and more rapidly, because,
' the total amount of their annuity being divided per
capita as long as they retain the tribal existence,
it has now reached a sum that renders them un-
willing to labor, makes them utterly worthless and
drunken, and they must run to final extinction.
1 believe it now amounts to about a thousand dol-
lars per head to each Indian of that tribe, under
what is called a treaty, and that with people not
fit to negotiate; who are our dependents, and who
should have been treated as such.
It is a fact no less striking than instructivathat
ours is the only Government which has ever
treated with them in the form ours has, and the
only Government which has ever been unable to
maintain peace with them. The British Govern-
ment have taken what they wanted from the In-
dians. The French have done the same thing.
Compensation was made to them as gratuities, not
as obligations incurred. It is a part of the Indian
character to respect those who make them a pres-
ent. They little regard him who pays what is
considered a debt. It has thus fallen out that
whilst we have been more liberal to them, have
paid them more, and respected their rights more
than any other white race that has come in con-
tact with them, we have been in constant war, and
have had very little intercourse with them I
think this an instructive lesson. It is time we
should retrace our steps, and, for the future, hold
councils with them, make agreements with them;
and those agreements should be under our subse-
quent control, to make such modifications as from
time to time their interests and our duty should
prescribe. That is the whole scope of the amend-
ment which I offered. Out of it grew the debate
in which the Senator from Virginia declared an
opinion that I do not entertain; but it was not in
the resolution, it was not in the amendment! The
remarks of the Senator from Illinois, I submit,
were an argument on a thing which is not before
the Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Missis-
sippi seems to labor under the impression that I
was replying to him, and attacking his amend-
ment, in the remarks I made. Nothing was fur-
ther from the fact. I was replying to the Senator
from Virginia. I was in favor of the Senator's
amendment. I was in favor of his proposition
to hold councils, and therefore had no point of
contact or issue with the Senator from Missis-
sippi at all. The Senator discloses the fact in his
reply, that he dissents from the position of the
Senator from Virginia. I am glad, therefore, to
find that he and I are allies in this common cause
for the opening and development of the western
country.
But, Mr. President, the Senator from Missis-
sippi falls into an error in one point. He imagines
that the resolution does not have reference to the
country around Pike's Peak, including the gold
mines. The Senator who introduced it, the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs, referred
especially to that country and its condition, as
showing the necessity for the resolution. When
you come to look at the resolution itself, you find
that it refers to the Kioways and Comanches and
the Indians who roam near the Arkansas river,
west of the one hundredth degree of west longitude,
to the Arapahoes, the Cheyennes located below
the south fork of the Platte river; to the Sioux
Indians of the plains, to be concentrated for the
occasion at Deer creek, a tributary of the Platte
river; and then, also, to those small bands at the
North.
Mr. DAVIS. But about the extinguishment
of title to lands: where does the Senator find that
the resolution has reference to that ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. " And the Indians of the
Red river, in the State of Minnesota, for the ex-
tinguishment of their title to lands in that State.''
Mr. DAVIS. Precisely.
Mr. DOUGLAS. • Precisely; but these coun-
cils are with reference particularly to having sat-
isfactory arrangements with the Indians about
Pike's Peak, so that the miners who dig gold shall
not be trespassers or violators of the Indian inter-
course law. In reply to that, the Senator from
Virginia gives notice that he is opposed to the
extinction of any more Indian titles. I am not
going to repeat the argument. All I have to say
is, that we know that the Indians are fading away
before the advance of civilization like snow before
the vernal sun; we know they are disappearing;
they must disappear; we know that the white man
must take their place; we know that o.ur settle-
ments are flowing to the Pacific ocean, and these
people must yield rapidly before us; and it is idle
for us to take the ground that we will not extin-
fuish any more Indian title, and remove the ln-
ians out of the path of civilization.
My object was to protest against the continu-
ation of these barriers of barbarism, of savage
ferocity, in the paths of our progress towards the
Pacific; and I say the time has now come when
we must act in reference to that country in the
Rocky Mountains known as the Pike's Peak gold
region; we must act in reference to that country
known as the Territory of Nevada; we must make
arrangements by which mining there shall either
be lawful or shall be stopped. We cannot leave
them without government, without law, subject
to penalties that are not enforced, and with no
other power or moans of protection than the
weapons they may carry on their persons. We
must regulate that country; mark out the limits
within which the Indians are kept, and without
which the white man shall also be kept; protect
the white man within the limits that are allotted
to him, and the Indian within the limits that are
reserved to him. - Thatis all I intended to say. I
will not occupy time further.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President 
Mr. HUNTER. I understand the Senator from
North Carolina [Mr. Bragg] had the floor for
to-day. I merely wish to suggest that we ought
not to trespass upon him.
Mr. RICE. I will not occupy time. I have no
remarks to make in regard to the gold region near
Pike's Peak; but I think the honorable Senator
from Virginia is laboring under a mistake in re-
gard to the second branch of the resolution, or he
would not object to it. The citizens of the State
of Minnesota have put on the Red river a steam-
boat, at very great expense. Upon one side of the
river, every foot is owned by the Indians; that is,
the west side. Upon the east side, there is a small
strip belonging to Indians that never have made
treaties with this Government. That is within
the State of Minnesota. The British mails for the
Hudson's Bay Company are all taken down this
river, or through this strip of Indian country,
i There is not a military post in it; nor is there one
within striking distance. As I said a few mo-
ments ago, the owners of this boat have been
compelled to send a guard there for its protection.
All this has arisen in consequencc of the Depart-
ment not having the means to carry out the nego-
tiations which %vere authorized in 1854. They
treated with all except these two small bands.
They are now very much dissatisfied. They say
that the other bands sold their land, and they are
receiving no annuities; they are starving, and the
only means they have now left in their power for
subsistence, since the game has been driven out
of their country, is to tax the white people trav-
eling through it. The honorable Senator from
Virginia cannot suppose for a moment that the
State of Minnesota-would permit her citizens to
be thus attacked in carrying on a lawful trade.
The day before yesterday I received a memorial
from the Legislature of the State, requesting the
President to take action in this matter. I yill now
ask the Secretary to read a portion of the report
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs on the sub-
ject; and I hope the Senator from Virginia will
withdraw his objection.
The Secretary read the following extract from
the last annual report of the Confmissioner of
Indian Affairs:
" I would respectfully call your attention to the consid-
erations presented in the reports of the agent for the Mis-
sissippi Chippe was, and the superintendent for the northern
superintendency/in favor of a treaty with the Jled Lake
Chippewas and the Indians of the Red River of the North,
for the extinguishment of their title to the lands which they
own in that region, embracing, it is estimated, some thir-
teen thousand square miles. These lands, though-remote,
are represented to be fertile and valuable. They lie between
our northern settlements in Minnesota and the boundary
line between us and the British possessions. The exten-
sion of our settlements in that direction has been stimu-
lated and accelerated by the important and valuable com-
merce which has sprung up with the considerable population
on the other side of the line, and which, for the benefit of
our citizens, is entitled to protection and safe transit through
the country of those Indians, but which cannot be given to
it while the lands remain theirs. The importance of this
route, as a channel of commerce, is seen in the fact that the
Hudson's Bay Company now transport over it the supplies
required for their numerous trading posts in the North-
west. The Indians in question are not under treaty-pledges
and obligations, without which they cannot, of course, be
brought under the necessary control, and subjected to our
modified reservation policy. The negotiation of a treaty
with them would, therefore, seem to be required, as well
for their benefit and welfaie as for the protection and ad-
vancement of the interests of our own citizens."
Mr. MASON. I am not going into this discus-
sion as to what may be our necessary polity in
relation to the Indian tribes. I limit my views and
my vote to the question now before us. "We must
choose between the policy of giving away the pub-
lic lands after they are purchased, and giving them
away in a manner, I think, to demoralize the public
mind, and lead it to look to the Treasury, or to po-
litical leaders, for the means of living out of the
public Treasury, or we must cease to acquire the
lands—one or the other. Now, I only mean to "
say, that as long as .there is a policy pursued by
a majority of this Government of giving the public
lands away after they arc purchased, I, for one,
will refuse to purchase them under any circum-
stances. If it leads to Indian wars, so much the
worse; but meet the Indian wars, anything, rather
than this policy of establishing the public Treas-
ury into one grand system of largesses to the coun-
try.
Mr. FITCH. I presume the Senator would
view the matter differently, if these Indian pos-
sessions were within the jurisdiction of Virginia;
but being very remote, and in another State^their
very remoteness, and the fact of the possessory
right, or whatever the right may be, of the In-
dians that are referred to in the last clause of the
resolution, not being in Virginia, colors his opin-
ion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Virginia
to strike out the last clause of the resolution, in
these words:
" And also for a council with the Red Lake Chippewa9
and the Indians of the Red river, in the State of Minnesota,
for the extingufshment of their title to lands/'
Mr. MASON. I prefer to have the yeas and
naysonit, as aquestion ofpolicy. Ihopetheyeas
ana nays will be given.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILKINSON. I should like to hear the
resolution read. I was not in when it was offered.
The Secretary read it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
on Mr. Mason's amendment, resulted—yeas 5,
nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bragg, Crittenden, Mason, Thomson,
and Toombs—5. .
NAYS—Messrs. Bright, Chesnut, Clark, Collamer, Davis,
Doolittle, Durkee, Pitch, Fitzpatriek, Foot, Foster, Green,
Gwin, Hamlin, Harlan, Hemphill, Johnson of Tennessee,
Kennedy, King,JLatham,Mallory,Nicftolson,PoweiJ,Rice,
Sauldbury, ^Sebastian, Seward, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade,
Wilkinson, Wilson, and Yulec—33.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MASON. I offer the folio wing amendment,
