THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.~
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 20, 1860.
New Series No. 197.
son, surviving partner of C. M. Strader & Co., and that the
ease be referred back again to the Court of Claims.
DISABLED ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. BONHAM, by unanimous consent Intro-
duced a bill to retire disabled officers of the Army,
%vhich was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. JONES demanded the regular order of
business.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BiLL.
The House proceeded to the regular order of
business, being the consideration of the amend-
ments'of the Senate to the civil appropriation
bill.
The SPEAKERpro tempore stated the pending
question to be on agreeing to the following amend-
ment, reported by the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, to the third amendment
of the Senate:
Strike out the Senate amendment as amended by the
House, and insert in lieu thereof, the following:
For the extension of Treasury building, $350,000.
On this amendment the yeas and nays had been
ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 73, nays 70; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chaiies F.Adams?, Aldrieh, Allen, Alley,
Ashley, Barr, Bingham, Francis P. Blair, Blake, ttriggs,
Buffinton, Burch, Burnham, Butterfield,Campbell, Horace
F. Clark, Corwin, Covode, Burton Craige, Delano, Dunn,
Edwards, Eliot, Ferry, Florence, Foster, Frank, Fiench,
Gooch,Gio\v, Gmley,HaIe, Hall, Hoard, Houston,William
A. Howard, Hughes, Humphrey, Junkm, Kenyon, DeWitt
c. Leneh, Looinis, Maraton, McKean, Milhvard, Moor-
head, Morrill, Edward Joy Mortis, Niblack, Palmer, Perry,
Pettit, l'eyton, Phelps, Potiei, Iiice, Chustupher Robinson,
Royce, fc>ed«\viek, Spaulding, Spinner, Amnion, James A.
Stewart, William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer, Theaker,
Train, Underwood, Verree, CadwaladerC. Washburn, El-
lihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, and Webster—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Green Adams. William C. Anderson,
Ashmore, Babbitt, Bonham, Branson, Bravton, Bnstovv,
Carter, Clopton, Cobb, Colfax, Curry, ii. Winter Davis,
JohnC. Davis, Dawps, Duell, English, Gilmer, Graham,
Hardeman, J. Monison Harris, John T. Harris, llatton,
Heimick, William Ilowaid, ilutehins, Jones, Francis W.
Kellogg, Kilhnget, Landrum, James M. Leach, Leake,
Lee, Love, Maclay, Maliory, Maynard, McPherson, Mc-
Queen, McRae, Miles, Mill&on, Laban T. Moore, Syden
ham Moore, Nelson, Nixon, Pendleton, Potter, Pryor,
Quarles, Reagan, Rufiin, Sherman,William Smith,William
N. H. Smith, Stevens, Stokes, Taylor, Thomas, Tompkins,
Trimble, VaUandigham, Vance, Vandever, Van Wycfc,
Wells, Wilson, Windoin, and Wright—70.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. C ASE stated that Mr. Kilgore had paired
off with Mr. Keztt.
Mr. ETHERIDGE announced that he had
paired off on this amendment with Mr. Kellogg,
of Illinois, who would have voted for the amend-
ment, while he (Mr. Etiieridge) would have
voted against it.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the amendment to the
amendment was agreed to; and also moved to lay
the motion to rcconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate, as amended, was
then concurred in.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Filth amendment of the Senate, (on which a
separate vote had been demanded:)
To pay lor labor on, and materials furnished for. the
Capitol extension, $153,601 74; and to enable the superin-
tendent to take caieot the maibie which has been deliv-
ered, and ot the shops occupied, and to lay the marble
Jlooiniif of the puuieocis, and to pay for the bionze doors,
$18.1U0; &ud ioi oontmgoneips of the Capitol extension,
fri.o'JG, making 74.
Mr. Q.UARLES demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. ftPAXTLDING demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Q,uarles,
and Howard of Ohio, were appointed.
The blouse divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes ninety-six, noes not counted.
So the amendment of the Senate was concurred
in.
Sixth amendment:
For the prosecution of the work on the Capitol extension
during the fiscal year ending the 30th June, 1861. the sum
of $300,000,
The Committee of the "Whole on the state of the
Union recommended a concurrence in the amend-
ment, with an amendment to add at the end
thereof, as follows:
Provided, That none of the money hereby appropriated
shall be expended for decoration or embellishment of the
Capitol extension, or foi sculpture or paintings, or other
works of lllubttattve ait, unless the designs for the same
shall have been appioved by the art commission appointed
by the President May lf , 1859. But nothing herein pro-
vided shall be so construed as to interfere with the com-
pletion of woiks aheady begun by Crawford and Rogers.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. What do
the Committee of Ways and Means recommend
in relation to this amendment?
Mr. SHERMAN. They recommended non-
concurrence. .
The amendment to the Senate amendment was
agreed to.
The question recurred on the Senate amend-
ment, as amended.
Mr. GILMER called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. &UARLES called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment of the Senate, as amended, was
concurred in—ayes 80, noes 30.
Seventh amendment:
To enable the superintedent of the Capitol extension to
purchase troin Iiiee 8c Iieebner thhty-four monolithic col-
umns, at the puce specified in then supplemental contract
oi March 30, 1854, the maibie for .said columns to be ap-
proved by the said supei lntendent, the sum of $47,fi00 : Pro-
vided, That no part of the suin appioprmted foi the piosccu-
tion of the work shall he applied to the puichaseot marble
columns.
This amendment, before the previous question
was called, Mr. Harris, of Maryland, had moved
to amend by adding as follows:
Provided further, That the material of said columns shall
be American marble.
Mr. BONHAM. I desire to ask whether this
contract is recommended by the Secretary of
War?
Mr. PHELPS. It is not.
Mr. BOTKLER. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the amendment to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment to the Senate amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment to the amendment was
auopted; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS called for the yeas and nays on
concurring in the amendment of the Senate, as
amended.
Mr. BONHAM called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Phelps and
Carter were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 34, noes 74.
So (one fifth having voted in the affirmative)
the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I am satisfied
that that amendment has been improperly re-
ported. As it reads, itcontradicts itself. It pro-
vides that the columns shall be purchased, and it
provides that they shall not he purchased.
The SPEAKER $>ro tempore. The Chair will
state that the provision that no partof the appro-
priation for the prosecution of the work shall he
applied to the purchase of marble columns, he
presumes, refers to the sixth amendment of the
Senate.
Mr. PHELPS. It is not for us to construe the
Senate amendments. They tire reported as sep-
arate amendments.
The question was taken; and it was decided-in
the affirmative—yeas 81, nays 80; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Aldrieh, Alley, William
O. Anderson, Asfcley, Babbitt, Francis P. Blair, Blake,
Brabson, Brayton, Buffinton, Burlingame, Burnham,.But-
terfield, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Corwin, Covode, H. Win-
ter Davis, Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edwards, Ferry,
Florence, Foster, Frank, French, Gooch, Graham, Grow,
Gurlcy, Hale, Hall, J. Morrison Harris, Heimick, Hutching,
Jimkiii, Fiancis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon,
DeWitt C. Leach, Longnecker, Loomis, Marston, McKean,
McKnight, McRae, MilHvard, Laban T. Moore, Moorhead^
Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Morse, Nixon, Palmer, Pef/y,
Potter, Riec, ChristopherRobinson, Royce, Sherman, Stan-
ton, Stevens, William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer, Theater,
Tompkins, Trimble, Verree, Wade, Caawalader C. Wash-
burn, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Webster,
Wilson, Wmdom, and Wood—81.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Allen, Ashmore,
Avery, Barksdale, Barr, Beale, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair}
Bonham, Botcler, Branch, Briggs, Biistow, Burch, Burnett,
Fiorace F. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, Colfax, Burton Craige,
Crawford, Curry, Curtis, John G. Davis, l^ly, English, E'th-
eridge, Haidctuan, JohnT. Harris, llatton, Hoard, Houston,
William Howard, William A. Howard, Hughes, Humphrey,
; Jones, Killinger, Landrum, James M. Leach, Leake, Love,
Maclay, Maliory, Maynard, McPherson, McQueen, Miles,
Millsott, Sydenham Moore, Nelson, Niblack, Pendleton,
Peyton, Phelps, Poiter,Pryor,Pugh, Quarles, Ruffin, Sedg-
wick, William Smith, William N. H. Smith, Spaulding,
Spinnei, StalJworth, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Stokes,
Thomas, Tram, Underwood, VaUandigham, Vance, Van-
dever, Van Wyclc, Wells, Winslow, and Wright—80.
So the amendment of the Senate, as amended,
was concurred in.
Twenty-fourth amendment:
Reduce the appropriation from $60,000 to $40,000 in the
following clause of the hill:
For collection of agricultural statistics, investigations
for piouioting agricultuie and rural economy, and the pro-
curement of cuttings and seeds, $60,000 : Provided, how-
ever, That In the expenditure of this appropriation, and
especially m the selection oi cuttings and seeds lor distri-
bution, due rogaid shall be had to the purposes of general
cultivation, and the encouragement of the agricultural and
ruial interests of all paits of the United States.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended non-concurrence.
Mr. ASHLEY called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. PHELPS asked for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Houston*,
and Kellogg-of Illinois, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-—
yeas 73, nays 90; as follows:
YEAvS—Messrs. Green Adams, William C. Anderson,
Ashmore, Avery, Barksdale, Barr, Beale, Bonham, Branch,
Briggs, Bristow, liuinett,Buinham, Horace F. Claik, Clop-
ton, Cobb, Corwin, Burton Ciaige, Crawford, Curry, John
G. Davis, Delano, English, Etheridge, Feny, Grow, Hall,
Haideman, John T. Ilariis, llatton, Hill, Houston, Hum-
phrey, Jones, Fianeis VV. Kellogg, Kenyon, Killinger,
Landrum, Leake, Loomis, Love, Maelay, McKean, Mc-
Queen, McRae, Miles, Millson, Sydenham Moote, Edward
Joy Morris, Peyton, Phelps, Potter, Pryor, Pugh, Reagan,
Rojce, Rufiin, Singleton,William Smith, Sulhvoith, Stan-
ton, Stevens, Stevenson, James A. Stewait, Stokes, Tay-
lor, Thomas, Underwood, VaUandigham, Van Wyck, Ver-
ree', Winslow, and Wright—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrieh, Allen, Alley,
Ashley, Babbitt, Bingham, Francis P. Blair, Samuel S.
Blair,'Blake, Boteler, Brabson, Biayton, Buffinton, Burch,
lJuilingame, Buttcifield, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Colfax,
Covode, Cm tip, Dawes, Duell, Dunn, Edwaids. Eliot, Ely,
Floienee, Foster, Frank. Fiench, Gilmer, Gooen, Giaham,
Hale, Heimick, Hoaid, William Howard. William A. How-
aid, Hughes, llutchms, Junkin, William Kellogg, DeWitt
C. Leach, James M. I^each, Lee, Longnecker, Maliory,
Marston, Maynard, McKnight, McPheivon, Laban T.
Moore. Mooihead, Morrill, Nelson, Niblack, Nixon. Ohn,
Palmi'f, Pendleton, i'eiry, Pettit, Portei, Quailes,'Rice,
(Jhnstopher Itolnnson. Sherman, Willum N. H. Smith,
Spaulding, Spinner, William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer,
Theaker, Tompkins, Tram, Tumble, Vance, Vandeyeip,
Wade, Cadualadet C. Wa^hbuin, Elliliu B. Washburne,
Wells, Wilson, Windom, Wood, a fid WoodruflW-90.
So the House non-concurred in the amendment
of the Senate.
Twenty-seventh amendment of the Senate;
For completing the printine. binding, and publishing one
thousand eopies of Uu> papers of James Madison, under the
direction and control of the Joint Committee on the Library
of Congre«<*, .«£},00Q; and the haul committee are heieby
authorized to contract for the puimn^ and binding of tile
same with such person or p< rsoih. as the) may think pioper
to employ.
The SPEAKER yro tempore. The Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union recom-
mend a concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in,
197
