230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23,
no worse. That deed will forge our chains, and only a
few moatle-—a short year, at most—will elapse until they
arc1riveted upon us.
" We beseech our friends to commit no oveit act, what-
ever the provocation except downright insult, until Helper's
fostci brother is placed Within thiee degrees, by virtue ol
his office, of the Piesidency. Their course will then bo
simple and easy. They cannot be cxpected, by the most
confiding of the North, to suffer conspirators to control
their destmies. Abolition insurrectionists must not ruie
southern patriots. 'Resistance to such tyiants would be
obedience to God.'
The Old Dominion is prepared. As her Henry went,
in bursting the shackles with which England had lettered
her, so will her sons—so will every true-hearted southern
son—now go in severing the ties which unite theni with
the unprincipled majoiitics which contiol the noithcrn
States
"There seems to be a piedetermination on the put ot ,
the Sewaidites to toree the observance 01' this light of e.v
titia*.- necessity upon the flaveholding States, Let them
beware! Let them beware! If Congress Hall is to be
converted into an abolition arena, for realizing t!,ic objects
aimed at bv the indorset.s of the Helper manifesto, it may
result that the ' distance is but shoit fiom the Capitol to
the Taipeian Rock.5"
Mr. FARNS WORTFf. There we have the
distinct assertion that Virginia is prepared, in
case ol' the election of John Sherman as Speaker
of this House, to dissolve her connection with the
Union; and that, too, by a Democratic organ m
the city of Washington.
A gentleman by my side says it is a Docc.las
organ. 1 have heard it so stated before; and I
know that two years ago this winter it was so in-
dorsed by Douglas conventions and papers in
Illinois.
Mr. ADRAIN*. So ihr as -my knowledge ex-
tends, it is not a Douclis organ, and does not
speak for Judge Doreu.As.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It professes to speak
for Virginia.
Atr. liOTELER. Virginia is here to speak
for herscl f. She recognizes no organ outside of our
limits. She is here, and ready to speak foi herself.
Mr. FA11NSWQRTH. "I should be very glad
to hear the members of Congress from Virginia
denounce that article. As 1 said, it professes to
speak for Virginia.
Mr. LEAKE. Will the gentleman yield?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have refused other
gentlemen, and I must decline, unless the gentle-
man wishes to denv the organ.
Mr. LEAivE. 1 will indorse nothing without
readily
Helper pamphlet.
Mr. FARNSW0RT1I. I wish now to pro-
ceed to the discussion of two or three other ques-
tions, to which I alluded when t first took' the
floor. The questions which will come before the
House for its legislation, and in which the coun-
try, and especially my section of the country, are
vastly interested, are not the Helper book, or the
raid of John Brown into Viiguua. Tiieie are
other questions, and (oremosl among tiietc Imay
mention (he protection of Aineiican commerce.
I lepresent a district winch is\,wtly interested in
this subject, and theie are otln r genllennn upon
this lloor who represent diotricts wiiu li have an
equal interest in it; end 1 put it to those gentle-
men whether they are willing so to organize this
House that the committees shall be so stocked
and constituted that the rivers and harbors of the
West shall have no protection whatever?
During the last session of Congress, a bill was
presented til this House for a small appropriation
to finish the cutting of the channel over the St.
Clair fiats. On the question of taking that bill
out of Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, both of Mi" candidates from the State of
Virginia, [Messrs. Rocock and Million, | e ..r
found voting in the negative, as Mr. Mhlso
also voted on its passage; and, on the passage oi
the appropriation for the Chicago light-house and
pier, these gentlemen were also voting agamstus.
There is another question in winch the North-
west—indeed the whole country—is deeply inter-
ested; and 1 wish to put that to those gentlemen
who represent the States of California and Oregon.
I refer to the Pacific railroad. On tile reference of
tile President's message last Congress, it was
moved by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Pn„'.Lri,]' who was a friend of'the measure, that a
special committee of fifteen be appointed, to whom
should be referred so much of the message and
accompanying papers as referred to the Pacific
railroad. "In moving the resolution, lie expressly
staled that his object was to get a ccmnuttcc that
would be favorable to theobjccts for which it was
e >!
to be raised. On that question being taken by
yeas and nays, the votes of these two Virginia
gentlemen were recorded in the negative. After
the resolution was adopted, and the committee
was appointed, the gentleman who is nov; the
chief candidate of the Democratic party [Mr. Mill-
son] was placed on that committee, and it was
well known that in his constitutional scruples he
opposed the whole matter of governmental aid to
that enterprise.
Now, I understand that the Pacific States are
chiefly interested in this question. It is the great
oversnadowing interest with them. It rises above
all others. Shall they have communication with
the Atlantic by railroad? Will these gentlemen,
will otliei gentlemen fiom the Northwest, vote for
a Speakei'who will, according .to party tactics in
this House and the Senate, constitute the com-
mittees so as to throttle and strangle ot its birth
this Pa'-ific railroad ?
Sir, there is another question—tile question of
cheap postage. li is well known that, during the
last session of Congress, the Senate ingrafted on
the Post Office appropriation lull a pro vision in-
creasing the rates of postage. Wlicn that bill
•came into this House, and a resolution was of-
fered that li was an invasion of the prmieges of
the House for the Senate to originate a measure
of that kind, both the gentlemen from Virginia
voted against, that resolution—-voted that b was
not a violation of the privileges of the House;
and, in the Senate of the United States, both the
Senators from Virginia voted to incrcjse the rji.es
of postag . j
Sir. mf < 'msiittients, and the people of t'"'1
Northwest m m.e-s, Demoeiats eswil as Repub-
licans, me npp'wd to tile increase of the rates of;
postage, it is e. great, an important, <e" . tmuwtth
them.0 We of the North are m the hi! 'on. of -,v rit big |
lettersand reading letters. We read newspapers. !
i Our people universally take newspapers, and mn- j
i versally correspond with their friends. Now, I j
I wisii lo know whether the members of Congress i
from the '.Northwest are disposed to vote for a
; man as Speaki r who is in favor of increasing
j the KtU'S of postace, and of thereby imposing an
; onerous burden upon their constituents?
Th 'se are questions of vital importance: they
1 are living questions; they will come before the
, Hon <e and before the Senate. The question ot
John jLSrown will not come before the Iilouse and
Senate. The question as to whether Helper's
book is a good, bad, or indifferent pamphlet, will
not come before Congress. But these questions
as to rivers and harbors, as to postage, as to the
Pacific railroad, and as to homesteads, will come
before us. How is the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Mii.lson] m regard to a homestead bill?
A Democratic Mcjibsr. Against it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Precisely; he voled
against the homestead bill last session, and is v." 11
known to be opposed to it. A homestead bill is
of some earthly use; it is of Croat importance to
the people of Illinois, "Wisconsin, Iowa, Minne-
sota, the enure Northwest, and the country gen-
erally. We of the West have (bit the evils im-
posed oil us by non-resident speculators on our
soil. We know that it retards the settlement of
the country and lis development. We believe
that the division of the public lands, into home-
steads to be set apart for actual settlers who shall
li till the soil for themselves and posterity, will de-
li volop the wealth and strength of the country. We
< believe th.it eve1' / ui r on the public soil of the
j United Slat"s :s better than two soldiers in a stand-
ing army: and run the best standing army we call
. iia\e m "the United Suites is a hardy, strong, in-
ditstrmus. intelligent yeomai.ry. We believe that
, these pt'Opi11 can never be so patriotic, ueverhave
the seme !,ae of country, when they arc tilling
the land that does not belong to them, as those
■| who till their own land. Nov, I ask these Detn-
! ocrats from the Northwest,anJ fiom the Pacific,
j whether thc\r will vote for aeandidate for Speaker
- who will throttle this measure also? Or will they
| vote for the candidate who is in favor of iiome-
j Steads, in favor of cheap postage, in favor of pro-
[ taction to commerce, in favor of all those ques-
i Hons, and of all that policy which is of practical
1 use? Is it profitable for this House to stand-off
,1 and war on this miserable, contemptible question
I about Helper's book, to the neglect and abandon-
|: ment and lulling off of all these great questions
■ that interest the country>
Sir, I am happy to say, that the candidate of the
Republican party for Speaker is in favor ot home-
steads for actual"settlers; in favor of cheap post-
age for the people; in favor of protecting the com-
merce, not only of the Northwest, where he re-
sides, but of the whole country; and in favor of
the Pacific railroad. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia, who is the candidate of the Democracy, is
opposed to every one of these measures.
'We are told by gentlemen upon the other side
of the House that the Republican party is a sec-
tional party, and that it does not agree upon cer-
tain questions. How is it with the Democracy?
Do they agree upon these questions which I have
just been discussing? plow is it that we are a
sectional party ? We are not sectional upon these
questions, for they are as wide and deep as the
whole land; they "concern the people of the whole
country.
I yesterday heard the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Keitt] make^n appeal to gentle-
men upon both sides of the House irom the south-
ern States, who are not strictly members of the
Democratic party—to the Opposition, as he called
them—to come to the assistance of the Democrats
in electing a Speaker. That gentleman may be ,
denominated the lion of South Carolina, he usu-
ally roars so loudly and fiercely, but yesterday
he "roared him as gently as a sucking dove," in
his appeals to gentlemen in different parts ot the
House to come to the rescue and agree upon
some compromise candidate. [Laughter.] I com-
mend to the gentleman the little wooing song of
tee spider,
.. U*'l' you eome ni'.o my pallor, saidthe spider to the ily."
Sectional! Why, these gentleman upon tiio
oti.ee side of the House have been appealing, day
alter day, to every man from the slave States, to
come tip and act in a body in the election ot
Speaker. You hear no such appeals from us—
none whatever. But if southern men unite upon
a single candidate, then they arc sectional, and so
present themselves before the country.
Sectional! The gentlemen on the other sid.?
first nominated Mr. jBocoeii, of Virginia, for
Speaker. When he declined, they scattered their
votes; they coquetted a little with gentlemen from
the North: they voted a little for the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Davis,] and for my colleague
over the way, [Mr. Clernaxd:] they coquetted
a little With them, and Vvith A, lb C, and i); but
f knew they would never unite upon such a man—
not they; the only man they can unite upon is^ a
strait-backed Democrat who stands upon the Vir-
ginia resolutions of '98; he must be against com-
merce, against cheap postage, against everything
in God's world which is of any earthly use to the
people; if he only lives m Virginia, and indorses
the resolutions of '!)8, they will unite on him, and,
as a body, they will vote for no other man.
Sectional! What part of the policy of the Re-
publican party is sectional, 1 would like to know ?
What have they ever done that was sectional?
Nothing. I defy gentlemen to point to a single
act, or to a single "resolution in any platform of
the Republican party of the United States, which
is sectional. Wo make no appeals to gentlemen
to come up to the support of a sectional candidate.
Mr. Clerk, a few words now m regard to the
dissolution of the Union, and I am done. We
have been threatened with a dissolution of the
Union. Gentlemen on the other side ofthe House
have announced that they believe their States are
ready for a dissolution of the Union, in case we
elect'a Republican President ofthe United States—
I some have said if Mr. Scward is elected, and
others have said if any iikui who stands on our
platform is elected.
Sir, this threat has always met us just before a
presidential election. They are in the habit of
stirring up the country into an intense state of
excitement on the question of disunion just be-
fore a presidential election, and then it dies out.
It reminds me ofthe siory ol the doctor. A quack
doctor was co.lled to sec a man who was attacked
with some sort of disease or other, I do not know
what, and the doctor did not know either; but he
told his patient that he would give him a certain
medicine that would throw linn into iits, and he
said that he was " he'd on fits." [Laughter.] So
with these Democratic politicians just before a
presidential election. They always try to give the
country some sort of mcdicine that will throw it
into fits. They are hell on fits. [Great laugh-
