1250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 20,
because 1 think they will be found to be material
in some of the views which I shall present here-
after. On the 10th of April, 1812, Governor Mit-
chell, of Georgia, was appointed in his stead to
carry out the views of the Government with in-
structions—I have all these instructions here,
though I cannot read them now—to rertxove the
troops from Florida as soon as practicable, but
not to remove them finally and entirely until some
arrangement was made by which an amnesty
should be declared on the part - of the Spanish
Government to the patriot inhabitants of Florida
who had joined the American forces in making
this incursion. That final arrangement was not
made until the month,of May, 1813, or there-
abouts, when the troops were withdrawn; but 1
think it must be apparent to any one who will
examine into the facts and history of this matter,
that active operations in East Florida ceased on
thfc part of the American forces, as well as of the
patriots, soon after the displacement of General
Matthews, which, as I have already stated, was
, done by a letter from the Secretai^of State, dated
April 4, 1812. Aportion of the troops were there-
after withdrawn; but aportion of them, together
with the gun-boats in the St. John's, were retained
there for the purpose of bringing about this am-
nesty.* They ceased, however, to carry on active
operations against the Spanish authorities or the
Spanish people.
While this state of things was going on, it
seems that the Spanish Government called on the
Indians to take part in these difficulties, and it is
stated that they were not very particular as to
the property they destroyed, or whose it was;
whether it belonged to the loyal Spanish subjects,
to the patriots, or to others; and to some extent,
perhaps, the destruction of property by such a
force as that was indiscriminate. I have stated
that the American troops were finally withdrawn
in the month of May, 1813. They occupied a
portion of East Florida from early in the month
of March, 1812, until May, 3813; but active op-
erations ceased in April, 1812, or soon thereafter.
Thr-n, Mr. President, there was another branch
of the case, relative to the claims of 1814. They
arose out of an invasion of the western portion
of the Territory of Florida by General Jackson,
who crossed over the line and displaced the Brit-
ish, who had taken possession of Pensacola, and
were aiding and assisting, and inciting the Indi-
ans to cross ourfrontier. The troops were shortly
after withdrawn. Again, in 1818, during the
Creek war, General jackson again crossed the
Florida line, went as far as Pensacola and St.
Mark's, with a view of breaking up the Indians
and negroes who were congregated there, and
who were producing difficulties anil getting up
incursions across the line into the United States
territory.
There, then, sir, are the three classes of claim-
ants who have, from time to time, sought relief
from this Government on account of these inva-
sions, and the alleged destruction of property by
them and by the United States troops—known as
the claims of 1812, those of 1814, and those of
1818. Before the last invasion, that of 1818, there
had been much correspondence, and many propo-
sals submitted between the two Governments for
a treaty of amity and of boundary, and for the settle-
men t of these various claims; and claims which citi-
zens of the United Stateshad against Spam, as well
as claims which Spanish subjects had against the
United States. A treaty was finally made on the
22d of February, 1819, by which the Floridas were
ceded to the United States, and by which the Uni-
ted States, in consideration of that cession, agreed
to settle the Spanish boundary on tiie south, leav-
ing to Spain the whole of Texas, and assumed to
pay to citizens of the United States the sum of
$5,000,000, for which a board was established,
and the claimants were allowed to go before that
boaid.and have their claims, whatever they might
be, examined and settled.
It is under the ninth article of this treaty that
the present claimants come before Congress, and
ask to be allowed the interest which it is proposed
to appropriate by this bill. In 1823, after the treaty
was ratified, Congress passed an act for the pur-
pose of carrying this treaty into effect, and by it
the judges of the superior courts of the Territory
of Florida were authorized to take evidence upon
the subject, and to hear the proofs, and to trans-
mit a statement of what they ascertained or found
to be due, with the evidence, to the Secretary of
the Treasury; and, if he found that the claims
were just and equitable under the treaty, he was
authorized to settle them, and pay the amount so
ascertained out of any money in the Treasury.
The first claims reported were those of 1814, by
Judge Breckinridge. Judge Breckinridge had a
doubt, it seems, whether the claims of 1814 were
within the treaty. He did not report them as ab-
solutely due; but they were sent to the Treasury
Department. The matter was submitted to Mr.
Crawford, who was the Secretary of the Treasury
at. that time, during the administration of Mr.
Monroe, and he decided that the claims of 1814
were not within the provisions of the treaty. Sub-
sequently to that time, Judge Smith, the judge in
East Florida, reported a number of claims for
damages by the invasion of 1812, amounting to
some forty-one thousand dollars. That, I think,
was in the year 1824 or 1825. Mr. Rush being
then Secretary of the Treasury, the claims were
presented to him for settlement. They were, like-
wise, held by Mr. Rush and the then Adminis-
tration not to be within the provisions of the ninth
article of the treaty of 1819.
Such being held to be the construction of the
treaty by the administrations of Mr. Monroe and
of Mr. Adams, these parties came before Con-
gress a second time, ana induced Congress to pass
the act of 1834, under which the claimants of 1812
set up their claim to damages, and under which
they now claim that we are concluded from inves-
tigating their claim as to the interest. I shall have
more to say of that act hereafter; 1 am now merely
giving a narrative of the facts, in order to present
the history of these claims up to the present time.
When the judge of East Florida came to act on
these matters a second time, under the law of
1834, he reported a number of claims to Mr. Wood-
bury, who was then Secretary of the Treasury,
allowing damages for the property which it was
alleged had been destroyed, and five per cent, in-
terest on the value of the property, as ascertained
by him, from the time of its destruction. When
the cases were presented to Mr. Woodbury, he
disallowed the interest, and, in some instances,
he disallowed part of the principal. He settled
the claims in the manner lie supposed to be just
and right, according to the evidence—for the judge
was required to report the evidence to him—aiid
there was supposed to be an end of the matter.
However, sir, these parties were not satisfied with
that decision, though the principal was paid; for
the Senator from Georgia tells us that they have
made continual claim; and I believe such is the
fact. They have never ceased to elamor for the
payment of these claims. There is here a very
large amount in controversy, so as to justify the
employment of the very first and ablest counsel
in the land; and J admit they have made contin-
ual claim; they make claim now, and they have
always done so, and probably will do,until Con-
gress either pays the amount or gets rid of it by
some very decided rejection.
Failing before Mr. Woodbury, they went be-
fore Congress a third time. They asked for fur-
ther legislation on the subject. The matter was
referred to a committee of this body, and the com-
mittee reported that no further legislation was
necessary,and,as far as Congress was concerned,
the matter was dropped for the time. What next ?
They went to Mr. Corwin', when he was Secre-
tary of the Treasury; theyindueed him to reopen
these claims—rather an extraordinary proceeding,
I think. In one of the cases now presented to us,
in the report which is on my table, he reopened
the matter and undertook to readjudge as to the
principal which had been allowed by one of his
predecessors, and increased the amount; and he
not only did that, but, with a view of enabling
these parties to get a case before the Supreme
Court of the United States, he sent all the claims
back to Florida, submitted them there to the dis-
trict judge of the United States for the State of
Florida, as some of the claimants were authorized
to do by a subsequent act, and invited his decision
anew, instructing the district attorney of Florida
to appear before the judge on behalf of the United
States. That was done, and that case, which was
referred to yesterday between the honorable Sen-
ator from Louisiana and the honorable Senator
from Georgia, the case of Ferreira, administrator
of Pass, was brought by appeal to the Supreme
Court of the United States. The judge in Florida
reaffirmed the decision which had been made by
his predecessor, and then, on behalf of the United
States, an appeal was taken.
After the case reached the Supreme Court of
the United States, it was insisted, on the part of
the claimants, that the court had no jurisdiction of
the matter; and that, says the Senator from Geor-
gia, is all that the Supreme Court of the United
States decided in the case. Well, sir, we shall see
something about that before I get through. I
think the court decided, and decided fully and em-
phatically, that the idea advanced by these claim-
ants that the mere award of the judges in Florida
entitled them to payment of the amount awarded,
was unfounded; but that the award of the judges
in Florida was not of itself binding on the Gov-
ernment, and that the Secretary of the Treasury
had a supervisory power, and was made the final
arbiter; and that his decision, whatever it was,
was final and conclusive under the treaty and un-
der the law. Such was the decision of the court
in the case of Ferreira, as reported in 13 Howard.
What did these parties do then ? Not satis-
fied with the decision of the Supreme Court of the
United States on that point, they went before the
Court of Claims, and made the same point before
that court, that the awards of the Florida judges
were final and conclusive, that they were judg-
ments or decrees, and that the claimants liad a
right to recover the five per cent, interest which
had been reported by the Florida judges. What
did the Court of Claims dccidc ? Upon the case,
as originally presented, Judge Blackford delivered
the opinion of a majority of the court. The case
was brought before the court a second time on a
review, and the chief justice then delivered the
opinion. It is intimated here, if I understand gen-
tlemen, that a majority of the court, that all the
judges who gave an opinion, said that interest
ought to be paid; that it was due; thai it was
proper under the treaty, and under the law of 1834.
I confess from my reading I can find nothing of
that kind in the decision of the Court of Claims.
On the contrary, a majority of the court sustained
in so many words, referring to it, the decision made
by the Supreme Court, and held that these parties
had no right to interest under the previous action
of the Government, and that the decision of the
Secretary of the Treasury wasfinal and conclusive
of the whole matter. After this decision, having
failed m every respect to get the interest, cither
from Congress or from the Departments or from
the courts, these paities again returned to Con-
gress, and they now ask that this bill may be
passed for their benefit, involving the amount
which I have stated.
Mr. TOOMBS. Did I understand the Senator
to say that the Court of Claims decided that they
were not entitled to interest by the treaty and the
law?
Mr. BRAGG. I undertake to say this: The
Court of Claims were asked to decide that they
were entitled to the interest, and the Court of
Claims held that the decision of the Secretary of *
the Treasury was final and conclusive.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is a mistake. My state-
ment was, that two of the judges had declared
emphatically that they were entitled to interest
under the treaty. That is the record. I read their
opinions. Is that statement contradicted? The
decision is before me, and can be read. It is a
very important legal fact.
Mr. BRAGG. I think Judge Scarburgh did
express that opinion.
Mr. TOOMBS. And so did Judge Gilchrist.
Mr. BRAGG. I think not.
Mr. TOOMBS. Judge Scarburgh held with
the claimants on both points. He held that the
court had jurisdiction, and that the claim was
just. Judge Gilchrist held that interest was due,
but that the.court liad no jurisdiction. The other
judge said he would not dccide upon the question
whether they were entitled to interest, but simply
decided that the court had no jurisdiction. That
is the way 1 stated it. That is their decision; and
it is before me now.
Mr. BRAGG. The decision will show. Per-
haps I may have something to say on that mat-
ter before I get through.
I have said, Mr. President, that in my humble
opinion these cflims are not within the provisions
of the ninth article of the treaty of 1819. We
were told by the honorable Senator from Florida
yesterday, that by reference to the fourth volume
