1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
231
ter.] They are now at work trying to throw the
country into lits, and they are succeeding pretty
well. 'They throw New York into fits the other
day, and Uicy threw Boston into fits, and they
had to call on Everett, and Gushing, and some of
the rest of the old nurses, to cure the country of
the fits. [Laughter.] They stirred up some of the
merchants in the city of New York to sign calls
for meetings to save the Union, and then those
merchants mark their names on the call and send
it down to the southern merchants, with whom
they are in the habit of dealing, to show that
theyarc sound on the "goosequestion." [Laugh-
ter.] That is their policy.
Now, Mr. Clerk. 1 have no fear of a dissolution
of the Union—none in the world. I may be mis-
taken. It may be gentlemen are sincere and do
mean to dissolve the Union, i do not know
whether they do or not; but some how or other
this threat has been so often repeated that I have
got so that I have no fear. But if gentlemen are
really determined to dissolve the Union, 1 beg
them to do it whilst James Buchanan is President.
Do not let us have the disgrace of the secession
of a single State from this (Jnion under a Repub-
lican President. Let .Tames Buchanan have that
disgrace with the rest. [Laughter.]
Now,Mr. Clerk, wc havecndurca the disgrace
and mortification and disgust of the Administra-
tion of James Buchanan, and we have made an
exhibition, it seems to me, of long-suffering com-
passion and steady unflinching bravery, such as
has never before been exhibited in the United
States. [Laughter.] Now, if wc could stand that
infliction, cannot you on the other side stand the
infliction of a Republican President? [Cries of
"NoP*] Gentlemen say no. Now, I am inclined
to think that they will do it. J om really inclined
to think so. If you elect a Democrat next year,
we do not intend to dissoho the Union. 1 do not
care who he may ho, whether Hunter, or km.i-
dell, or Douglas, or anybody in the nation, we
still will not dissolve the Union. We will try to
take care of the country: we will not dissolve "the
Union even then.
A gentleman says we want to get control of the
purse. Yes, sir; we will take eaie of the purse;
and that, permit mc to say, is where your great
trouble is. You do not want to give up the purse.
[Laughter.] It is said that " the soul and body
writhe nut more at parting than greatness going
off." So it may be said of gentlemen who have
set their fingers upon that tender nerve in the
political anatomy which leads to the purse—they
will not let go if they can possibly avoid it. But
wait until we elect a Republican President, and
you will have to let go; and if wc squander more
of the peonle's money than this Administration
of James fcuchanan lias i*i the last four years, 1
hope you will never let us elect another Repub-
lican President.
Dissolve the. Union because a majority of the
people of the United States, in a constitutional,
peaceable manner, elect a man as President of the.
United States ! flow is that ? Do wc rule in this
country by majorities or minorities ? What was
the intention of the framcrs of this Government?
Mr. MILES. If the gentleman will allow me,
my opinion is that the intent of the framcrs of
this Government was, that the purpose of the
Constitution was to restrain majorities and protect
minorities in their rights against the encroach-
ments of majorities.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The Constitution has
no where provided that minorities shall rule, is
there any such constitutional provision?
Mr. MILES. Certainly not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Now, Mr. Clcik, as
1 said before, we shall not dissolve this Union if
they elect a Demociotic President, and they shall
not dissolve the Union if we elect a Republican
President. That is ail there is about it. For
myself I should feel right, bad if you should elect a
Democratic President; I should feel extremely
provoked; but I should try to stand it; and if we
clect Seward, or any other Republican, would
not you stand it? [Laughter.] Certainly you ;
would. The people of the United Slates will take ;
caie of the interests of the country. Dissolve ;
this Union ! What would yon do with the frag- j
mcnts? Dissolve tho Union ! How are you going i
to do it? Are you going to divide the Mississippi
river ? How much of it will you give to us up there :
in the Northwest? [Laughter.]
A southern Member. Yvre will take all of it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Don't you think the
people from the pine regions of the district of the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mi\ LahrabeeJ will
go down with their rafts? I am inchncd to think
the boys will go down when tjiey choose to.
Have you counted the cost to yourselves? You
will have no fugitive slave law then, nor Demo-
crats to execute it.
What are you going to do witli Yankee Doodle?
Will you divide that, too? [great laughter;] and
the 4th of July ? What are you going to do with
the grave and memory of Washington, and of
those other noble men who fought side by side
with him the battles of the Revolution, and who
now sleep beneath the free sods of the North?
Dissolve tho Union' In God's name, let us hear
no more of this miserable, craven croakingabout
the dissolution of the Union because of John
Brown's raid or Helper's book. Has it never
occurred to these gentlemen here who fill the gal-
leries of this House, these daqucrs of disunion
sentiments, these men who fill the offices in this
district, that in case of the dissolution of the
Uniou, these marble palace?-, will become the abode
of rats and bats ? Thev will become stone quar-
ries, where marble will be cheap.
A Membt.r. They are the abode of rats now.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, I want to put
the rats out, or if we cannot exclude them, let us
change them, and we may purify the atmosphere
a little. [Laughter.] Why. Mr. Clerk, this
Union is not going to be dissolved by a little
piece of fustian, nor by little discussions in this
House. You might as well talk of dissolving the
everlasting hills, a,-? to talk of dissolving the Union
of these Slates.
I have now Mr. Cleric, occupied the attention
of the liou«e much longer than 1 intended. It
was my dflj'oeiate intention when 1 commenced
speaking, not to be interrupted, but to say my
say and take my seat. 1 owe the Ilouse my
most humble apologv for having detained it so
long, and my heartfelt thanks for the attention it
has bestowed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, obtained the floor.
Mr. CLEMENS. I move that there be a call
of the House, with a view of taking* a vote for
Speaker.
The CLERK. Does the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Smith] yield the floor for that purpose?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not.
Mr. CLEMENS. Then, I ask the reporters
of the Globe to take notice, that 1 have made the
proposition, and that my colleague will not yield
for that puiposn.
Mr. ENGLISH. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, I will soy to the House
that it is not my object to engage in this discus-
sion, but merely to remark that I heard, with sur-
prise, the statement made by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Faiinswortii,] that he did not be-
lieve any of his constituents sympathized with
Jk)hn Brown in his raid into the Commonwealth
of Virginia. Now, sir, if I am not very much
mistaken, a meeting was held in the city where
the gentleman resides, shortly afer the, unfortu-
nate occurrence at Harper'sF erry. m which strong
sympathy was expressed for John Brown, and
approbation for his conduct. If i am not mis-
taken, there were citizens of Chicago, support-
ers, no doubt, of the honorable member from that
district, present at the meeting, and expressed
sentiments sympathizing with John Brown; and,
jf I recollect aright, the proceedings of the meet-
ing were published m the Chicago papers. Has
the gentleman forgotten these things ?
Now, Mr. Clerk, let me remark that there
seems to be an unaccountable defect of memory,
not only with the gentleman, but upon that side
of the House, in reference to the proceedings of
this meeting at Chicago, and also in reference to
the signing of the recommendation of the Helper
book. I believe all the gentlemen who have
spoken on the subject say they do not recollect
signing that recommendation: probably they might
have done it, but they have no rccolloction of the
fact. I submit that it is a little remarkable that
lh<*y all have such defectue memories. For the
purpose of refreshing the memory of the gentle-
man from Illinois, I send to the Clerk's desk the
proceedings of the meeting to which I have re-
ferred, and ask that thev may be read.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think the trontleman
has misunderstood me. I did not design to state
that no persons in my district sympathized with
John Brown. I did design to state that there were
no persons in my district who sympathized with
the act of John Brown. There were persons there,
and all over the country, who sympathized with
Brown and with his intentions, but not with' the
manner in which he undertook to carry out those
intentions.
Mr. ENGLISH. Very well; I ask for the read-
ing of the proceedings of the meeting;, which I
think will snow that the gentleman is mistaken.
The Clerk read, as follows;
("From the Chicago Times, of Saturday.}
Another JSff'ort to Jibolitionizc Christianity—Northwestern
Christian anti-Slavery Convention— What Constitutes a
Christian—The Christian Platform as Jidopted by the Ab-
olitionists—Sunday Schools to be Jlbolitiomzcd—Jiccrper's
Ferry Insurrection Indorsed—Attempt to Canonize Ussa-
v'uiomic Drown—An Obcrlin Rescuer reveals some Se-
cretS-—Civil War Boldly Advocated—Treason to the Laws,
a Virtue to Religion.
By the word leligion in the last of the above headings we
do not refer to tlic leligion of Christ. Werefer onlytothat
rabid theology inculcated by a class of men who profess a
higher legaid and a greater Christian love for the African
race than lor people of their own blood and kindred.
A convention of this class of religionists was held in this
city ye&tei day, at the Congtegational church edifice, comer
of Gieen and West Washington streets." About one bun-
dled and fifty persons were in attendance, including a few
negroes, a considerable number of women and (by vocal
indications) nuineious babies.
The Rev. Joseph II. Payne, of Wisconsin, officiated as
presiding officer; Mr. Jacob Butler, of Iowa, as assistant
presiding oflicei; the Itev. J. B, L, Soule and Mr. S. B.
Jackson, as secretaries.
The convention was opened with prayer, the whole bur-
den of which was the expression of love for the negro, and
a very diflcicnt sentiment for the man who happens to be
the owner of a negro.
Brother Blnnchaid, of Galesburg, congratulated the con-
vention geneially, and himself pai tieuiarly, for having voted
with the Republican party, which party, lie said, repre-
sented ins views.
Biother Peek, one of the Oheilm resetters, entertained
the convention with a nanativo of that event, which, he
said, impiessed the Republicans with the saciedncssof the
misfiou of then puny, (which mission, according to Brother
Peck, mu^t be (he bit ahug of negro slaves, and setting the
laws of the country at defiance.) lie was pioud to belong
to such a paity, a pauy based upon the glorious declaration
that all men aie equal! He asked Brother Whipple how
long it was since iie rode twenty-four houis in the saddle
to icscuc some lecaptuied runaway slaves.
Brother Whipple taid it was about fifteen years, which
indicates that fh other Whipple has been somewhat remiss
ot late in the Christian duty of violating the laws.
The convention appointed a committee to report a plat-
form, or declaration of Chustian principles. Said commit-
tee submitted the following:
Articles of Religious Faith.
I. Hoidms and treating human being3 as property is a
heinous mh a?ainst God, and a enme against man, which
neither legislation nor the sanction of usage can justify.
Chimnamty i^ the system appointed by God for the
redemption of man from sin, and its consequent suffering,
and is tlieielote the mam reliance lor the overthrow of
sluverv.
3. Tho Church, as the embodiment of Christianity, is
b.ound to espouse the cause of the oppressed, abjuring the
spmt ot eat-to, and " lemembciing those in bonds as bound
with them."
4. The Church is under solemn obligations to rebuke all
wiio hold and ueat men as property, by lefusing to them
Christian lcliowship.
5. The integrity and perpetuity of the Church are put in
utmost peril whenever she apologizes for slavery or refuses
to put heiself in open opposition to it.
0 The doeume that men are bound to obey civil enact-
ments which obviously eontiavciic the plain icquirements
of the lawot Cod, is rank atheism, in that it dethi ones God
as the Supreme Lawgiver, t\nd practically denies that light
and wiong, holiness and sm aio essential opposites.
7. The fugitive '■lave act of 1850 is in conflict with the
law of God, the lights of human nature, and the Constitu-
tion of tiie United States. It is a disgrace to the statute-
books of a Christian people, and ought to be repealed. Obe
dtcnce to it would be treason to God and man.
8. The African slave-hade is lightly denounced as piracy,
anri the eO'oits nowbeingmadctoreviveitshouldbevisited
with universal execration and the utmost rigor of the Jaw.
9 The Inter-State slave trade, which is no lost, atrocious
than the foreign, should also be prohibited as pnacy.
10. The^ood Clnistian is the faithful citizen, and carries
Ins ldwous principles into polities.
II. dilutions should be jealously watchful ofthe politi-
cal patties to which they belong, and should strenuously
insist Unit the principles of righteousness and humanity
shall not bo saeufieed to success. Especially at the present
time should the Christian patriot protcpt again: t the adop-
tion of compionUsmg platforms, and the nomination of can-
didates whose only leeommcndation is availability.
12. "Oppression maketh even a wise man mad,3'and
theieforc it need not surprise us that the slaves, and some-
times tho*e who remember them m bonds as bound with
them, -,hould be duvca to iash resistance and revenge, ns
in the recent insurrection at Harper's Ferry—-a rising which
we deplore, and a repetition of which we would endeavor
to prevent, by concentrating the benevolent efforts of all
good men upon the use of moral and peaceful means for
the abolition of slaverv. , ,
13. However valuable political and other merely human
js<U-uvcv!'aMTie?5 for the. tentovn! of slavery mnv He, none
