1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1251
of American State Papers, it would appear that
even before General Jackson made the invasion
of 18X8 it had been agreed to on the part of Mr.
Adams the American negotiator, and the Span-
ish negotiator, Don Onis, that damages for all
these invasions should be allowed in the treaty
which they were then engaged in negotiating. I
confess, from the examination that I have been
able to give to the many communications that
passed between them, and which I found in that
book—there wore several hundred pages in rela-
tion to the various matters then pending between
the two Governments—I have not been able to
find anything of the kind. I can find proposi-
tions to that effect. I can find that, at one time,
some of them were acccpted and some of them
were objected to. But looking through -the whole
correspondence, up to the ultimatum of Mr. Ad-
ams, which was delivered in the latter part of
the year 1818, I can find nothing like an agree-
ment between them that anything of the kind was
to be done. I admit that it was insisted upon by
the Spanish Minister; but many things'were in-
sisted upon on both sides. There were proposi-
tions and counterpropositions. Some were agreed
to for the time being; others were rejected; but,
of course, unless all the propositions Were agreed
to, no one of them was binding. They were but
propositions and counter propositions, as I have
already stated.
Finally, in the month of Fcbnuary, 1819, this
treaty came to be made, and upon the basis, as I
think the correspondence will show, -that there
was to be a mutual renunciation by both parties
of all claims which the one had against the other.
This being the case, they proceeded to draw up
the treaty ;and when we come to see how the ninth
article got into the treaty, we find that, at the elev-
enth hour, as it were—at the last moment—the
proposition came from Mr. De Onis, which was
referred to by the honorable Senator from Florida
yesterday, and which was read by him, and of
which I have a copy before me. This proposi-
tion was on the 16th of Febiuary, 1819, and the
treaty was concluded on the 22d of February:
" To the abovo claim"—
which was the claim of the American Minister—
<• Mr. De Onteadds that the United States will satisfy all
the just claims which the inhabitants and Spanish officers
oftheFlortdas may have upon them, inconsequence ofthe
damages they may have sustained by the operations and pio-
eeedings of the American army, as is customary with the
citizens or'the United States undersimilarcircumstances."
It is insisted that this gave origin to that part of
the ninth article of the treaty, which has been the
cause of so much difficulty as to its construction,
and it is insisted that this proposition on the part
of Mr. De Onis covers all the claims which any of
these parties might have on account of the three
invasions of Florida by the United States; but J
deny it, sir. I say the honorable Senator is borne
out m no such construction, in my humble opin-
ion. "All the just claims/' it is said, "which
I the inhabitants and Spanish officers of the Fion-
das may have upon them, in consequence of the
damages they may have sustained"—sustained
how? All what claims? Claims for damages occa-
sioned " by the operations and proceedings of the
American army"—nut of the American armies,
but of the American army in the singular. In the
margin it is said there was written, in the hand-
writing of Mr. Adams, opposite this proposition,
the word "agreed." Then follows the treaty
itself, as finally agreed upon and signed by the
respective plenipotentiaries. As a part of article
nine of the treaty, I wish to call the attention of
the Senate to the last two clauses:
And the hij*h contactingparties,respectively, rcnnunce
all claim to indemnities for any of the recent events or
transactions of theii lespcetivoeommand^rs and officers m
the Floudas.
"'The United States will cause satisfaction to he made
foi the inim ies, if any, which, by process of law, shall be
obtibiished to have been suffered bv tfte Spanish officers,
and individual Spanish inhabitants, by the late operations
of the American armv in Florida."
I know it is said that the word 'Mate" is not
to be found in the Spanish version of the treaty,
but the clause immediately above that, in which
there is a mutual renunciation of "all claims to
indemnities for any of the recent events or trans-
actions of their respective commanders," is to be
found in identically the same words in both the
Spanish and English versions. Here, then, was
a full renunciation of all claims. I know it is in-
sisted that the indemnity intended to be stipulated
for, and in fact stipulated for, was as large as the
renunciation; but that by no means follows. The
parties might have renounced without any stipu-
lation for indemnity. Pherc wore a great many
propositions for indemnity, and for the payment
of claims on both sides. Some were given upj
some were insisted upon; and it does not follow
that because there was a renunciation broad enough
to carry all these claims, therefore all were to be
paid by the American Government, to Spanish
subjects. But the clause which I first read goes
to show that it had reference to "recentevents;"
and the clause which follows it uses in substance
the same language when it speaks of "the late
operations of the American army in Florida;"
again using the singular, showing that the oper-
ations of one army were intended to be provided
for, and not of the several armies which had in-
vaded Florida.
Such, Mr. President, in brief, is my construc-
tion of that part of the treaty. What was the
construction of it at the time, and shortly after it
was made? -We are told now, forty years after
the treaty was made, that that is not the true con-
struction. Let us see what was the construction
put upon it by the administration of Mr. Mon-
roe, under whom this treaty was negotiated? I
have already stated what the decision of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, Mr. Crawford, was. Can
it be doubted that he submitted the whole matter
to the Cabinet and to the President of that day?
What was the construction subsequently put upon
it during the administration of Mr. Adams, who
himself had negotiated the treaty, when Mr. Rush,
as his Secretary, refused to pa)r the claims of 1812
as being outside the ninth article of the treaty?
Undoubtedly, the whole Administration sanc-
tioned such a construction; there can be no ques-
tion about that. I am aware that it is said—it has
been said here; it is said in the report which was
read yesterday—that in coming to this conclusion,
Mr. Rush merely applied the decision of Mr.
Crawford to the claims of 3812, the former de-
cision as to the claims of 1814 being a precedent;
and the honorable Senator from Fionda told us
that the attention of the Government had not then
been called to the language of the Spanish version
of the treaty: but in that he is totally mistaken.
Mr. MALLORY. Of what time is the Senator
now speaking?
Mr. BRAGG. Before Mr. Rush made his de-
cision.
Mr. MALLORY. The first time the discrep-
ancy in the two versions of the treaty was noticed,
was in the argument of the Delegate from Florida,
(Mr. White,) I think.
Mr. BRAGG. When was that?
Mr. MALLORY. In 1832 or 1833.
Mr. BRAGG. I am sure the honorable Sena-
tor has not examined the matter with his usual
industry. He is incorrect about that.
Mr. MALLORY. I do not look on that fact
as important, at all, one way or the other. That
was my own impression, however.
Mr. BRAGG. It may not be important; but
let ua see how the fact was. What does the report
of the Committee on Claims say? It declares:
<£ When the decision of the judce.s of Ka<t Florida, in
favor ofthe claimant--, for injuries resulting from the inva-
sions of 1812 and 181ft, were leported to the Treasury, Mr.
Pecretaiy Jlu>h, the successor of Mr. Orawloid, applied
Mr. Crawfoid's decision to those claims, thoujrh the United
States had never attempted to justily that invasion as au-
thorized by the law of nations, as they did the invasions of
ISM and 1^18 m West Flouda, by icjocting them."
Thus the report declares that Mr. Crawford's
decision was applied to the ca.se merely because
it had furnished a precedent, leaving the inference
that that decision was not right in itself. Well
now, gfr, what docs Mr. Rush say in relation to
that matter ? I have already stated what the hon-
orable Senator fiom Florida said in relation to the
Spanish version of the treaty and the attention of
our Government not being called to it. I have
before me an elaborate argument submitted by
the Delegate from Florida (Mr. White) to Mr.
Rush, in which all these points are specially raised
for the consideration of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, before his decision was made. I cannot take
time to read that argument in full, but it can be
found in the volume which 1 hold in my hand,
containing the report of Mr, Forsyth, as chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the
House of Representatives, to which report it was
appended. Tlie letter in replyof Mr. Rush, how-
ever, on this particular point, is very short, and I
will read it:
Treasury Department,December 36,1825.
Sir. : i received, and have not failed to lay before the
President, your communication of the 28th of last month,
relative to the construction of the ninth article of the treaty
between the United States and Spain, of the 22d of Feb-
ruary, 1819. v ' ■
I am directed to state to you, in reply, that the Presi-
dent s opinion is, that the article in question does not em~
brace claims tor injuries suffered prior to the campaign oi
ISIS j and that this was also the opinion entertained by
the Government during the late Administration, at which
tune the question was i'uliy considered.
I have the honor to remain, with great respect, your obe-
dient servant, RICHARD RUSH.
Hon. Joseph M. White, Delegate from Florida,
How, then, did Mr. Rush apply the decision
of Mr. Crawford to this matter? According to
this letter of Mr. Rush, the whole matter was fully-
considered by both Administrations, and they
came to the conclusion that these claims were not
within the provisions of the ninth article of the
treaty, and therefore disallowed them.
Mr. BENJAMIN. X will ask the Senator if
the President then was not Mr. Adams, who
negotiated the treaty?
Mr. BRAGG. Certainly; Mr. Adams, who
negotiated the treaty, and who was Secretary of
State under Mr. Monroe, was then President. I
say this letter furnishes incontestable proof that
tins matter was considered, and fully considered;
and upon full argument, by the Delegate from
Florida, who followed it up with great zeal and
great ability, and who took all the grounds that
are now presented here in relation to the Spanish
version of this treaty, and its differing from the
English version. lie presented all the grounds
that have been presented since; and, notwith-
standing that,both these Administration^ decided
that these claims were not within the treaty. Per-
haps it may be said that they knew very little
about the matter; it may be thoughtby some that
we are wiser in this day and generation of ours
than they were; but for one, I am unwilling, un-
less for very good reasons, better than I haveheard
here, to depart from the decisions which were then
made, first by the Administration that negotiated
the treaty, and immediately following it by the
Administration of which the man who negotiated
the treaty was the head, and who decided, upon
solemn consideration of the whole question, that
these claims were not within it.
Now, sir, let us go a little further. It was said
by both the Senators who addressed the Senate
yesterday, that after these decisions on the part
of Mr. Crawford and Mr. Rush, the parties went
before Congress, and Congress passed an act in
1834, after full consideration, overruling the de-
cisions of the Secretaries, and declaring that the
claims of 1812-were within the treaty, and should
be paid. There is another great mistake. In my
humble judgment, Congress intended todonosuch
thing. We were told by the honorable Senator
from Georgia, among other things, that a great
number of reports had been made in favor of these
claims, and of their being within the treaty, in the
opinion of several committees. Ho named par-
ticularly Mr. Everett, who lie said made a report
of that kind as chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs of the other House. In making
that statement, the honorable Senator was entirely
mistaken. Mr. Everett made no such report.
Mr. TOOMBS. He reported m favor of the
claims.
Mr. BRAGG. But .not because they were
within the treaty. Immediately after the decision
of Mr. Rush, they went before the House of Rep-
resentatives, and from year to year the matter was
pending, and several reports were made. What
were they ? In the first place, 1 have a report made
by Mr. Forsyth. I cannot read this report, be-
cause I have already taken up too much of the
time of the body in this discussion; but the report
of Mr. Forsyth, as chairman of the committee,
enteis into a discussion of the veiy question as to
the construction of the treaty, both in the Eng-
lish and in the Spanish language; and he con-
cludes that these claims are not within the provis-
ions of the ninth article of the treaty of 1819, That
report was made in 182G, In 1627 Mr. Wiclcliffe,
the chairman of the same committee in the House,
submitted another report, not at length, but adopt-
ing the report which Mr. Forsyth had submitted
at the previous Congress. Then,in 1829, we have
the report of Mr, Everett, from the same com-
