1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PROSPECT HILL CEMETERY.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, next proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S, No. 385) to incorporate the pro-
prietors of Prospect Hill Cemetery. By this bill
■ lt.is proposed that Augustus E. L. Itesse, JohnG.
Stork, Frederick Heider, John Walter, John Gut-
tensohn, B. Ostermeyer, Christopher Friess, and
George Schultz, the present members of the Ger-
man Evangelical Society, and their successors in
that society, be created a body-politic and corpo-
rate, by the name and title of the Prospect Hill
Cemetery, in the District of Columbia, and by
that name to have perpetual succession, and be
able and liable to sue and be sued in any court of
law and equity, to have and use a common seal,
and to have power to purchase aid hold not ex-
ceeding one hundred acres of land in the District
of Columbia, north of the limits of the city of
Washington, and to sell and dispose of such parts
of the land as may not be wanted for the purpose
of a cemetery; but it is provided that at least sev-
enteen contiguous acres shall be forever appro-
priated and set apart as acemetery, with authority
to that corporation to receive gifts and bequests
forthe purpose of ornamenting and improving the
cemetery, and to hold such personal property as
may be requisite to carry out this act. Other sec-
tions provide for the appointment of a president,
secretary, and board of directors, and prescribe
their powers and duties; guard the cemetery
against invasion for the construction of streets,
<fec.; provide punishment for the mutilation of
tombs, monuments, or other structures, or trees,
or plants, and otherwise provide for the carrying
out of the objects of the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
LITTLE FALLS BRIDGE.
Mr. BROWN. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No.
202) to reimburse the corporation of Georgetown,
in the District of Columbia, a sum of money ad-
vanced towards the construction of the Little Falls
Bridge.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee ofthe Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill, which proposes to apppropriate the ne-
cessarysum to repay to the corporation of George-
town, in the District of Columbia, all moneys
heretofore advanced by that corporation for and
towards the construction of the bridge over the
Potomac, at the point known as the Little Falls.
The corporation of Georgetown, by accepting the
provisions of this act, are to waive and surrender
all further claim or demand on the Government
of the United States, founded onany advancement
of money or other thing toward the object therein
specified, for any other purpose whatsoever. ■
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 understood this bill was
reported adversely from the Committee on the
District of Columbia. It is so marked.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator is right; the bill
was reported adversely upon; but upon farther
representations being made to theSenate, the whole
subject was recommitted, and the Senate commit-
tee reported unanimously the bill which I hold in
my hand, and which I now ask may be substituted
for the bill read by the Secretary. I move to
strike out all after the enacting clause of the ori-
ginal bill, and insert the following:
Tlj.it the sum of $4,600 be, and the same is hereby, ap-
propriated, to be paid out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropuated. to lepay to tile corporation of
Georgetown, in the District of Columbia, all moneys hcre-
tofou' advanced by the said corpoiation for and towards the
construction of flie budge ovoi the Potomac, at the point
known as the Little Fails. And the said eoiporation of
Georgetown, by accepting the provisions of this act, shall
waive and surrender all fui tiier claim or demand on the Gov-
ernment of the United States, founded on any advancement
of money or other tiling towards the objcct herein specified
loi any othei purpose whatsoever. Tins act shall commence
and he m force from and alter its passage.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I wish the chairman would ex-
plain the principles on which we are to pay for the
building of this bridge.
Mr. BROWN. The whole case is this: the
Government of the United States undertook the
construction of this bridge, to cost some sixty or
seventy thousand dollars. At the end of the fiscal
year the appropriation was exhausted, and the
work was left m a condition in which it would
go to ruin, unless certain further expenditures
were made upon it. The Secretary of the Interior
was called upon, and he said he had no money, and
had no power to give anything out ofthe Treas-
ury; but, without committing the Government in
any way, he gave, as far as he could as a mere
individual, an intimation that if the city of George-
town would advance the money, the Government
would refund it. The city of Georgetown did
advance this amount of $4,600, or a larger sum—I
think something over $5,000; and a small portion
of it was paid back out of some little fund—I do
not know what; but there is a balance of that ad-
vance made by the city of Georgetown towards
the construction ofaGovernment bridge, of $4,600,
which she asks may be returned to her. It was
our bridge, and not hers. She did not undertake
the construction of it; but did this on Govern-
ment account. That is the whole case.
Mr. HALE. Well, Mr. President, under these
circumstances, I have no objection to reimbursing
Georgetown; but I question, exceedingly, the
soundness of the principle by which we have been
committed. As the money has been advanced,
however, I think we ought to pay it.
Mr. BROWN. Certainly. That is the prin-
ciple upon which we put it.
The bill was reported to the Senate as affcended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
GERMAN BENEVOLENT ASSOCIATION.
Mr. BROWN. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 523) extending the charter of the German
Benevolent Association of Washington city, ap-
proved July 27, 1842.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the W^liolc, proceeded to consider
the bill. It is intended, by this legislation, to
make provision that all those persons who are, or
shall hereafter become, members of the German
Benevolent Society of the city of Washington,
District o'f Columbia, shall be a body corporate
and politic, by the name and style of the Ger-
man Benevolent Society, and shall so continue
until the 3d day of March, 1880, and by that name
shall have perpetual succession,&c. The monthly
contributions, and all other moneys received on
account of the society, may, from time to time,
be invested in the public stocks of the United
States, in loans to individuals,or in stocks of any
incorporated banking institution or corporation,
and be drawn out of the bank or place of deposit
only on the order of the treasurer, countersigned
by the secretary and approved by the president.
The society is not, at any one time, to hold prop-
erty exceeding in total value the sum of $30,000;
and the annual interest on the capital of the com-
pany is to be applied to aid and succor the poor
and destitute of the society, or to such other char-
itable objects as the company may select.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
reported the bill with an amendment, in page 2,
line thirteen, to strike out the words " record and
m," and insert " law and equity and in all;" so
that the clause will read:
And by that name may sue and lie sued, implead and
be impleaded, answer arid he answered, defend and be de-
fended, in courts of iaw and equity and in ail other places
whatsoevci, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in, and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time. It was read the third time, and passed.
COLOMBIA INSTITUTION.
Mr. BROWN. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No.
426) being a bill to dissolve the Washington's
Manual Labor School and Male Orphan Asylum
Society of the District of Columbia, and to au-
thorize the transfer of its effects to the Columbia
institution for the Instruction of the Deaf and
Dumb and the Blind.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee ofthe W hole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It proposes to authorize the trustees of
Washington's Manual Labor School and Male
Orphan Asylum Society of the District of Colum-
bia, incorporated by an act of Congress approved
on the 13th of June, 1842, by deed or other in-
strument in writing, to transfer all their funds and
property of every description to the Columbia
Institution for the instruction of the Deaf and
Dumb and the Blind, incorporated by an act of
Congress approved February 16, 1857, on such
terms and conditions as may be agreed upon by
those corporate bodies and incorporated in such
deed or instrument of writing. The deed of transfer
or instrument of writing is to be recorded in the
recorder s office for land titles, in the county of
Washington, and District of Columbia, and the
terms and conditions of the deed are to be as ob-
ligatory upon the Columbia Institution as if they
formed a part of its charter; and from the date of
the record thereof, the trustees of Washington's
Manual Labor School and Male Orphan Asylum
Society are to be forever thereafter absolved from
theirtrust.and the actof June 13,1842, conferring
upon them corporate powers and privileges, is to
be thenceforward repealed.
The Committee on the District of Cohimbia
reported the bill with an amendment, to add at
the end of the bill the following:
Provided, That all the debts and pecuniary liabilities of
the said Washington's Manual Labor School and Ikt^le
Orphan Asylum shall be transferred to, assumed by, and
be debts of, the said Columbia Institution lor the instruc-
tion of the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind, which shall be
responsible therefor, and suits at law or in equity may be
commenced against said last-mentioned corporation, the
same as if said debts had been originally incurred by it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was riported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in, and the
bill ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
It was read the third time, and passed.
BALTIMORE AND OHIO RAILROAD.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I give way,
now, to my colleague on the committee, the Sen-
ator from Maryland, to call up a bill in which he
is interested, and which he has reported himself,
in reference to the Baltimore and Ohio railroad.
Before he does so, I wish to give notice that when
that is disposed of, I shall ask the Senate to talce
up the bill in reference to damages growing out
ofthe grading of streets in the city of Washing-
ton.
Mr. KENNEDY. I beg leave now to move to
take up the bill S. No. 377.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 377) to authorize the Baltimore
and Ohio Railroad Company to extend the Wash-
ington branch of their road to the Potomac river,
and across the same, by an extension ofthe pres-
ent structure known as the Long Bridge, for the
purpose of connecting with the Virginia railroads
at that point It authorizes the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company to extend the Washing-
ton branch of their road from a point in Wash-
ington city, near G street north, passing through
1st street east, to near D street south; thence by
a curve crossing New Jersey avenue, South Cap-
itol street, and the canal, to E street south, and
through the last-named street to the Potomac
river; and to extend the line of railroad across the
river by means of a pile structure, adjacent to and
connected with the Long Bridge, for a railroad
track en the eastern side of that bridge, so as to
form a connection with the Virginia shore, and
with such railroads as may be made or already
have been made by authority of the State of Vir-
gin to that point; but the widening or extension
of the Long Bridge is to be constructed with suit-
able draws forthe convenience of navigation. The
rfaltimore and Ohio Railroad Company are also
authorized to construct a tunnel upon that portion
of the line, authorized to be extended by this act,
lying between a point near C streetnorth, and the
west side of Now Jersey avenue, so as to involve
no injury to the public grounds, or permanent
obstruction to the use of the streets for ordinary
purposes; and the company is to have power to
use steam or locomotive power on the whole or
any part of the route. Power and authority are
given to the company to lay a track, and to use
the same for the transportation of passengers and
freight, from some suitable point on the route to
be extended to tide-water, between the Long
Bridge and the Navy-Yard, so as to be connected
with southern lines of steamboats plying on the
Potomac river. The company are also to have
authority to iay a street track from some conve-
nient point on the main route to the depot of the
company in Washington, and arc to have power
