3140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19.
have jurisdiction of all applications for divorces,
to be made by petition. The petition is to specify
with certainty the causes for which divorce is
prayed; and upon its being filed, the clerk is to
issue summons for the defendant to appear and
answer. If it appear by the affidavit of a disin-
terested witness that the defendant is a non-resi-
dent of the District, or has been absent therefrom
for the space of six months, the circuit court,
after the return of one summons "not found,"
may authorize notice of the pendency of the pe-
tition, to be given by publication, in such manner
as it shall direct. The court is to proceed to hear
and determine the cause, whenever such sum-
mons shall have been served twenty days, or such
publication made forty days before the commence-
ment of the term. No judgment for a divorce is
to be rendered on default without proof; nor are
any admissions contained in the answer of the
defendant to be taken as proof of the facts charged
as the ground of the application, but shall in all
cases be proved by other evidence. A divorce
a vinculo matrimonii may be granted in any of
the following cases: First. Where such marriage
was contracted whilst cither of the parties thereto
had a former wife or husband living, unless the
former marriage shall have been lawfully dis-
solved, and no restraint shall have been imposed
on the party contracting such second marriage.
Second. Where such marriage was contracted
during the lunacy of either party , or where cither
party was matrimonially incapacitated at the time
of the marriage. Third. Where either party has
committed adultery during the marriage. A di-
vorce a mensa ct thoro may be granted for either
of tfie following causes, to wit: cruelty of treat-
ment; endangering the life or health of one of the
parties; reasonable apprehension, to the satisfac-
tion of the court, of bodily harm; the willful de-
sertion and abandonment by the party complained
against of the party complaining, for the full un-
interrupted space of three years. But no divorce
is to be granted for any cause which may have
occurred out of this District, unless the party ap-
plying shall have resided within the District for
two years next preceding the application.
Upon the dissolution of a marriage on account
of either of the parties having a former wife or
husband living, if it shall appear that the second
marriage was contractcdingood faith by the party
whose second marriage has been thus dissolved,
and with the full belief on his or her pait thai the
former wife or husband was dead, that fact is to
be stated in the judgment or sentence of divorce;
and the issue of the second marriage, born or be-
gotten before the commencement, of the suit, are
to be deemed to bo the legitimate issue of the
parent, who, at the time of the marriage was ca-
pable of contracting. Upon the dissolution of a
marriage on accountof the lunacy of either party
at the time of such marriage, the issue of the mar-
riage are to be. be deemed legitimate. A divorce
for causes not specially provided for in the act is
not to affect the legitimacy of the issue of the
marriage; but their legitimacy, if questioned, is
to be tried and determined according to the course
of the common law.
In all eases where a divorce is granted, the
jourt is to have power, if it see fit, to awaid ali-
mony to the wife, and to retain her right of dower,
and to award to her such property, or the value
thereof, as she had when she was married, or
Buch part, or the value thereof, as the court may
deem reasonable, having a regard to the circum-
stances of the husband at the time of the divorce.
The eourt may also, in granting a divorce a vin-
culo matrimonii, restore to the wife her maiden or
other previous name. The court is also to have
power to order and direct who shall have the
guardianship and custody of the children of the
marriage so divorced, and who shall be charged
•with their maintenance. The court may also
award alimony to the wife for her sustenance dur-
ing the pendency of a petition for a divorce filed
for any of the specified causes; but in cases of
adultery by the wife, committed after judgment
or sentence of divorce a mensa et thoro, the court
may, on petition of the husband, setting forth and
accompanied by legal proof of such adultery, de-
prive the wife of alimony from the date of her
criminal act, and rescind her right of dower, as
well as dispossess her, if the court judge fit, of
the care, custody, and guardianship, of any child
'or cljil.dreji, which, under the original judgment
of the court in granting the divorce, may have
been assigned to her.
A wife deserted by her husband may, at any
time after such desertion, apply to the court in
session, or to cither one of the judges in vaca-
tion, for an order to protect any money or prop-
erty, real or personal, of which she may have
become possessed after such desertion,against her
husband or his creditors, or any one claiming
through or under him; and the court, or a judge
thereof, as the case may be, if the fact of such de-
sertion be proved by evidence other than that of
the wife herself, and that the same was without
reasonable cause, and that the wife is maintain-
ing herself by her own industry or property, may
make an order protecting her earnings, money,
and property, real or personal, acquired since the
commencement of such desertion, from her hus-
band and all creditors and persons claiming through
or under him; and such earnings, money, or prop-
erty arc to belong to the wife as if she were a
feme sole; but every such order is within ten'days
to be entered by the clerk of the court on the rec-
ords of the county of Washington; and the hus-
band, and any creditor claiming through or under
him, may apply to the court in session for the
discharge thereof, and may obtain it if, in the
judgment of the court, good cause be shown why
such order, by reason of fraud or repugnance to
the objects of the act, should not have been first
made. But if the husband, or any creditor of or
person claiming through or under him, shall seize
or continue to hold any property of the wife after
notice and record of any such order, then the
husband or such person shall be liable at the suit
of the wife to restore to her the specific property,
and also for a sum equal to double the value of
the property so seized or held after such notice;
and if any such order of protection bo made, the
wife shall, during its continuance, be and be
deemed to have been, during such desertion of her,
in the like posttion in all respects with regard to
property and contracts and suing, and being sued,
as she would lie if a feme sole.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I have not seen this bill
before, but I understand from the reading of it that
there is a provision to the effect that where a di-
vorce has been granted on account of a previous
marriage of one of the parties, and the other may
be innocent at the time of the second marriage,
not knowing the fact that there had been a previ-
ous marriage on the part of the other paity, in
that case the issue shall be legitimate. I wish to
have it altered so as to make the issue legitimate
in any case where there has been a legal marriage.
No matter what may be the fault of the parents,
the issue ought to be legitimate.
Mr. BROWN. I think, if the Senator will scru-
tinize the bill, he will find that it provides that in
all cases of divorce, children born during wedlock
shall be legitimate.
Mr. HEMPHILL. If that is the case, I shall
not move an amendment.
Mr. BROWN. The bill legitimates the chil-
dren in cases of divorce. They arc innocent, and
should not suffer.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I find that the seventh sec-
tion of the bill reads:
"On the dissolution of a mauiage on account of the
lunacy of either party, the i^sue ot' the marriage shall be
deemed to be legitimate."
I move after "lunacy" to insert, " or on any
other account."
Mr. BROWN. There can be no earthly ob-
jection to that, except that it sends the bill back
to the House of Representatives, and I would pre-
fer that it should not be put in on that account.
Mr, HAMLIN. I ask the attention of my
friend from Texas for a moment. It is a very
late hour of the session. The committee agreed
to this bill as it was, and I do notthink the amend-
ment is a very material one. There is now no
law in this District in relation to divorce. I think
this bill a very well guarded one, and 1 hope the
Senator will not press his amendment, and thus
hazard it.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I withdraw the amend-
ment, though I think it material, rather than have
the bill lost.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to take up the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial appropriation bill.
I want to ask for a conference on it.
The motion was agreed tQ; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the action of the House of Rep-
resentatives upon the amendments of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 339) making appropriations
forthelegislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1861.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that we insist upon
our amendments to which the House has disa-
greed, and ask for a committee of conference.
Mr. FITCH. I do not know that it is neces-
sary; but I should like, if it is, to have the Sen-
ator carry his motion still further, and move to
non-concur in the House amendments to our
amendments.
Mr. HUNTER. Of course, that is included in
my motion.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to have amend-
ments in which the House refused to concur, and
which it is proposed that we insist upon, read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr FosTERin
the chair.) The reading of the amendments in
which the House has non-concurred is asked for.
They will be read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would suggest to the
Senator from Rhode Island that there can be no
particular object in reading the amendments in
which the House has non-concurred, because we
have already passed upon them; but 1 think we
ought to know what are the amendments which
the House has amended; and if the Senator from
Rhode Island will allow that, I ask that the amend-
ments of the House to such of our amendments
as they have amended be read, so that we may
know what they are.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Docs the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island waive his call ?
Mr. SIMMONS. I withdraw it. Let the
House amendments to our amendments be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments of the Senate to which the House of Rep-
resentatives have proposed amendments, will be
read.
The Secretary read the seventh amendment of
the Senate, which was in the clause—-
For compensation of the Superintendent of the Public
Printing, and the clerks and messenger in his office,
$11,514,
to strike out " $11,514," and insert:
Nine thousand seven hundred arid fourteen dollar*; and
that iiereaf'tei the Superintendent of Public Printing shall
not be allowed to employ moie than tluee cleik* 111 hits
office.
The amendment of the House of Representa-
tives to this amendment is to add to it. the follow-
ing clausc:
Jlndit is hereby provided. That all extra documents or-
dered to be printed hy the House of Repiesentativesdunng
this Congress, not already executed, shall be pUnted by the
House Printer ; but that nothing shall be allowed for com-
position when the same document lias been first ordeied
to be punted by the Senate: Jind provided further, That
this proviso shall not be so construed as to authorize pay-
ment for printing said documents to be made to any other
than the Printer elected by the House ; and when the print-
ing, or any part theieof. has been assigned or transferred,
no payment shall be made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in this amendment made by the
House of Representatives to the amendment of
the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. The effect of that amend-
ment, as I understand it, is to take away from the
Printer of the Senate the right which lie has, un-
der the law, to print the documents of both Houses
where they have been ordered first in the {Senate.
I think that is the effect of it.
Mr. FITCH. The effect of the amendment, if
adopted, will be a partial repeal of the law of the
last session providing that all numbers of any
document ordered by both Houses shall be printed
by the Printer of the House first ordering the
same. It is wrong. It is for the advantage of
the House Printer; it is not reciprocal. I do not
believe that even the opposite side would desire
such a one-sided amendment as this to be adopted.
The House offer an amendment to the Senate
amendment which gives to the House Printer
certain advantages, and they refuse to make those
advantages recipiocal. The law, as it stands, was
adopted after deliberation on the part of the Sen-
ate. It is right and proper as long as the present
system exists; and I trust it will not be interfered
with, except in regard to the prices of printing.
