1252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
mittee. What does Mr. Everett say ? That these
claims were within the treaty ? That they were
provided for by the ninth article? No, sir; noth-
ing of the kind. He mentions what had been the
dispute in relation to it, and he says it would be
useless to enter into a criticism about the words
contained in the English version of the treaty and
not contained in the Spanish version. He ex-
presses no opinion whatever, as to whether the
claims were within the treaty or without it; but
what does he do? He recommends, inasmuch as
the claims were not large, that the Government,
in its liberality, should allow their payment, and
should appropriate money for that purpose. Why ?
Bccausc the acquisition of Florida was a matter of
great importance to us, and the inhabitants there,
who were formerly Spanish s abjects, had now be-
come a part 6f our own people; and hence he
thought it was better for the Government to act
liberally towards .these claimants, and pay them;
and one of the reasons stated was, because the
amount was not large. They then amounted, I
think, to only some forty-one tlffeusand dollars.
That is what Mr. Everett's report said. I have
here the very language which he uses; and I will
read it:
" The committee forbear to pursue a verbal discussion of
this question, necessarily unsatisfactory in its nature.53
That was in relation to the language used in the
two versions of the treaty. Mr Everett says fur-
ther in his report:
" The committee are disposed strongly to recommend a
liberal course, and this they do with more confidence, as
the amount involved, though highly important to individ-
uals, in its importance to the United States bears no com-
parison with the beneficial consequences of the cession of
Florida. The whole amount of chums awarded provision-"
ally by the judge of the superior court of East Florida was
$41,866. Claims to a much larger amount were presented,
but rejected for various causes set forth in the record."
A^ain, speaking of the importance of the ac-
quisition of Florida and the troubles which had
grown out of its possession by a foreign Govern-
ment, he says:
" A final termination has been put to all these embank-
ments; tho-inhabitanf of Florida have bccome citizens of
the United States; and the committee think it just and ex-
pedient, by the adoption of a liberal policy, to remove for-
ever any remaining ground of irritation and discontent. To
effect this object, they have reported a bill making provision
for the payment of such of the claims awarded by the judges
of East and West Florida shall be deemed to be just by
the Secretary of the Treasury, and affording an oppoitunity
to those who have not done it, to present their claim1? to
the same judges for examination."
The bill then reported, in 1829, was the one that
was passed in 1834, I believe. No further action,
however, seems to have taken place at that ses-
sion ; but m 1830 Mr. Archer, from the same com-
mittee, made a report; he again made a report in
1832; and again in 1834. On examination, it will
be found that these reports are all identical. And
what was the report which was made by the com-
mittee at the head of which was Mr. Archer, in
1830, 1832, and 1834 f Does that report say that
these claims were within the treaty of 1819? It
is very easy to see how it was that this legisla-
tion took place. He says this:
" An attempt has been made by the Delegate from Flor-
ida, before ttie committee at the present, as in a former year,
to show that the construction assumed at the Treasury was
erroneous, and that the cases under review are compre-
hended in the provision for relief stipulated by the treaty.
The committee, without going into the discussion of this
opinion, esteem it only necessary to express their dissent
from it, concurring in that which has been adopted at the
Treasury."
Mr. Archer's report then proceeds:
"In this view they would have to pronounce unfavora-
bly on both classes of the claims under examination."
For at that time the claims of 1814 were under
examination as well as those of 1812.
" In relation to those derived from the transactions of
1812 and 1813, however, a further view suggests itself. The
United States, at that period, were at peace with Spam.
Neither of the contingencies which had been considered as
warranting intrusion into the Floridas, and in the contem-
plation of one or the other of which the act of Congress
authonzing the occupation had been passed, had actually
occuned. The intrusion stands, therefore, on no ground
to exempt the participants, either by action or instigation,
from responsibility for injuries which may have ensued
from it. True it is that the Government of the United States
disavowed the proceeding of General Matthews, and dis-
placed him from command. But it is also true that lie was
the commissioner of the Government, in command of its
t; oops, actiugm its name, and understood by the inhabitants
ot the province to be its agent. It is furthermore true that,
although tins officer was displaced, another was substituted
to the command, the forces of the United States retained
foi a considerable time in the province, and only with-
drawn eventually in virtue of terms of compact directed and
sanctioned by the Government, providing immunities for
the portion of the population which had acted in association
with its force. The committee esteem the United States
responsible for injuries sustained from the operations of
this force, by the population which, taking no part in the
public disturbances, preserved fidelity to the Spanish au-
thorities.
" They do not extend this opinion, however, to the cases
growing*out of the transactions in 1814 in West Florida,
placed, as they conceive, in a very different predicament."
They go on then, and give their reasons for that
opinion, the principal one being that the invasion
of 1814 was j ustifiable; and they reported a bill in
accordance with those views.
Thus it will be seen, Mr. President, that in all
these reports, with the exception of that of Mr.
Everett, in which he leaves it an open question,
before the passage of the act of 1834, the ground
was distinctly taken that these claims were not
within the provisions of the treaty Of 1819. As
to the position taken by Mr. Archer and others,
that the Government was responsible for the dam-
ages to which the inhabitants of Florida were sub-
jected by the invasion of 1812, it seems to me
that, although Congress appears to have acted on
that suggestion, the parties had no claim to it
whatever; because, by the express provision of
tho^rcaty, there was a renunciation on both sides
of all claims whatever for any acts of the kind,
and henee, although the Government,in its liber-
ality, might undertake to pay these claimants,
they had no just claim against the Government,
either under the treaty or outside of it. But, how-
ever that may be, these committees reported a bill.
What was the bill? It is said here now that that
bill was passed upon full consideration, and for
the very purpose of overruling the decision which
had been made by the Secretary of the Treasury.
I think that is a total mistake. It will'be remem-
bered that the title of the act of 1823 was: 44 An
act to carry into effect the ninth article of the
treaty concluded between the United States and
Spain on the 22d day of February, 1819."
Pray, sir, what was the title of the act of 1834,
reported by Mr. Archer, not to carry out the treaty,
but to pay these parties, because the United States,
contrary to the law of nations, had invaded Flor-
ida, and had done them this damage? The title
of the act is, " An act for the relief of certain in-
habitants of East Florida." I have had the cu-
riosity to look up the original bill, as reported by
the committee, and I say now that the act as
passed is identical with the bill reported by the
committee, saving and excepting, that there was
another section in the bill reported by the com-
mittee, providing that five dollars a day should be
paid to the judge for his services when acting upon
these claims, and that the attorney of the United
States should receive a like amount, and should
be required to appear before the judge, and de-
fend the interests of the United States. Unfor-
tunately, as it has turned out, that section seems
to have been dropped, and what has occurred
since, goes to show the impolicy of having such an
ex parte examination of claims, when we take into
consideration the fact that what was thought then
to be a small claim, and a very small matter, has
swelled up to be an enormously great claim, and,
in fact, and in truth, instead of $41,000 being all
that was due, there has been actually paid out of the
principal about one million one hundred thousand
dollars of these claims, and the parties are now
asking for interest. I say it was unfortunate that
that provision was stricken out; but, with that ex-
ception, the bill as reported—reported not to carry
out the treaty, butfor the purpose of paying these
claimants, on the ground I have stated—was iden-
tical with the act that was passed by the Congress
of 1834.
I know it is said that this act was intended to
carry out the treaty and overrule the decision of
the Secretary of the Treasury. I have shown
what the report was, and what was the purpose
for which the bill was drawn. What is there in
the act itself that goes to show that it was to Carry
out the provisions of the treaty? Nothing at all.
The first section provided that the amount which
had been passed upon—and which, I have already
stated, amounted to about forty-one thousand
dollars—should be paid; and the next section
merely provided the means of ascertaining what
these damages were. It did not undertake to de-
clare that the claims were within the treaty at all;
but it said that they should be ascertained as if
they were in the treaty, for that is the cffect of it.
The judges in Florida were required to examine
into the matter, as they were required to do by
the act of 1823. It was merely, therefore, to as-
certain what persons were to receive, and what
amount they ought to receive, on the basis re-
ported by Mr. Archer as chairman of the commit-
tee, and the act was intended for no other purpose.
It is said that this act was passed after full delib-
eration, and for the purpose of overruling Mr.
Rush's decision. The same thing is stated m this
report, and I think a good many things are as-
sumed in it which are mistakes. It is declared in
the present report:
"The claimants for injuries in 1812 and 1810 therefore
petitioned Congress for relief against this erroneous con-
struction of the treaty; and Congress, by the act of 26th
June, 1834, overruled the decision of Mr. Secretary Rush,
that the injuries of 1812 and 1813 weic not within the pro-
visions of the treaty of 1819. by the passage of the act of
June 26, 1834."
It is said that Congress by that act overruled
the decision of the Secretary. I think I have
shown that such was not the intention of the re-
porters of the act. The act is just as it came from
the committee, with the exception I have already
stated. When gentlemen say such was the in-
tent, I ask for the evidence. I say the act itself
does not furnish it—neither its provisions, nor
its title, nor anything in connection with it. As
to the matter having received free consideration,
I think if gentlemen will examine into the facts,
they will find that it received very little consider-
ation. In this f)ody, not a word was said on the
subject, as far as I can find by examining the
debates. In the other House, very little was said
upon the subject. It seemed to have been passed
as an act of amnesty to these parties, if! must
say so, who had been very troublesome, as an
act of liberality to got rid of them. And pray,
sir, what were the inducements to the passage of
the act? The honorable Senator from Georgia
said yesterday, that it had been said that Colonel
White declared that the amount involved was
only some forty-one thousand dollars, but that
Colonel White never said so. Now, sir, what
did Colonel White say; for that is about all that
can be found in the debates? Here is what he
did say; and doubtless it had a great deal of effect
in the#ther House in the passage of the bill. I
read from the Congressional Globe of the Twenty-
Third Congress, volumes one and two, page 428:
" On motion of Mr. White, the bill for the relief of cer-
tain inhabitants of East Florida was read.
" Mr. McKay inquired what was the amount of the claims
provided for by thu bill ?
"Mr. White said they would not exceed .$40,000.
"Mr. Williams called for the reading of the report of
the committee, relative to these claims.
"Mr. White said he could explain theee claims in less
time than the reading of the report' would require.
"Mr. W. went into a statement of the occupation of
East Florida by the United States in 1811, and the nature
of the claims arising out of this occupation.
"After a few remaiks between Messrs. McKay and
White, the bill was laid aside."
There are some of us here who knew Mr. Mc-
Kay; and he was pretty sharp upon claimants, I  
admit. He was chairman at that time, I believe,
of the Committee of Ways and Means of the
other House—a just man, though a strict one.
Mr. TOOMBS. It was afterwards that he was
chairman.
Mr. BRAGG. But at all events, he was a mem-
ber of the House. Perhaps it was subsequently
that he was chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means. The question was put, what is the
amount of claims provided for by the bill? not how
much money is to be appropriated now, but what
is the amount of all the claims that are to be pro-
vided for by the bill, not only in the first section,
which, as I have stated, provided for the payment
of the actual amount which had been reported by
the judge of East Florida, but also in the second
section, which provided for the payment of such
amounts as might be ascertained thereafter, sub-
ject to the approval of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury? And to that question Mr. White said they
would not exceed $40,000.
These are the circumstances under which that
bill passed the other House; yet it is said that we
are concluded now by that act of 1834. Can it be
said that Congress, after solemn consideration,
overruled the decisions of the two administra-
tions of Monroe and Adams? Why, sir, every-
ithing connected with it goes to show how the act
was passed; the act itself shows that such was not
the intention of Congress; but it was merely in
their liberality to pay a class of men whom itwas
