1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
thought tlie United States had improperly in-
jured, illegally injured—if the Senator will have it
), so—and not because they had any legal claim on
the Go vernment after the renunciation of all claims
whatever in the treaty of 1819.
But, sir, there is one factconnected with that view
of the case which I wish to present, and which I
think will have an important bearing on the intent
of Congress in this legislation of 1834. If Con-
gress intended by that act to declare solemnly,
upon consideration, that the claims of 1812 were
within the treaty, how does it happen—and will
the Senator be good enough to explain hereafter
how it happens—that the claims of 1814 never
have been paid by Congress, and no law has ever
been passed for their payment? If the intention
of the act was to hold that the claims of 1812
were within the treaty, why were not the claims
of 1814? They had been reported upon, had
been urged at this very time, and the decision
of Mr. Crawford was applied to them, that the
invasion of 1814 was just, under the circumstances,
and could be justified under the laws of nations,
and therefore that was one reason why tliey were
not within the treaty. How did it happen, if
Congress intended to overturn all these decisions
of the Secretaries and to overrule them, that the
claims of 1814 have not been paid, as well as those
of 1812?
Mr. TOOMBS. If the Senator will allow me,
I will answer that. Congress did not overrule
the decision as to the claims of 1814; but if you
read the second section of the act of 1834, you
will find that they did expressly do so as to those
of 1812. The reason was, that one was within
the law of nations, and the other against it. Con-
gress provided for those damages suffered by an
invasion that was against the law of nations, and
not for those which were in accordance with the
law of nations; and did right in both cases. That
is my reply.
Mr. BRAGG. The honorable Senator does not
seem to take my point. Here is a treaty which,
it is insisted, bound the United States to pay dam-
ages for all these invasions. Do I understand
the Senator now to say that the claimants of 1814
have no claim on the Government under the treaty?
Mr. TOOMBS. I have not argued that.
Mr. BRAGG. I know the Senator has not
argued it; but I put that point. I understand him
to "insist that they are all entitled—the claimants
of 1812, 1814, and 1818. He says that Congress
did decide, by the act of 1834, that the claims of
1812 were within the treaty; not that they were
to be paid merely because the invasion was wrong-
ful, or because they had just claim on the Govern-
ment without regard to the treaty; but tliey were
paid, he says, under the act, because Congress
chose to consider them as within the treaty. Ac-
cording to that view, how does it happen that
Congress has never considered the claims of 1814
as within the treaty? How can it be consistent?
  Mr. TOOMBS. Congress has dccided that one
was within the treaty, and that the other was
not.
Mr. BRAGG. You can only reconcile the two
positions by saying that, in point of fact, Con-
gress, in 1834, by its legislation did not intend to
allow these claims under the treaty, but intended
to allow them on the ground I have stated, as a
piece of liberality on the part of the Government,
a-s stated by Mr. Everett and by Mr. Archer, on
the ground that the invasion of 1812 was a mere
tort on the part of the Government, that the treaty
had nothing to do with it. You cannot reconcile
the action of Congress in any other way. The
legislation of 1834 was not passed because these
claims were within the treaty, for if tliey were
within the treaty, then all were tinder the treaty;
and yet at that very time the committee reported
against the claims of 1814, and from that day .to
this, although there have been attempts as late as
1852, by reports from Mr. Westcott and others,
to get m the claims of 1814, Congress has applied
to them the decision'which Mr. Crawford first
made in the year 1824. Away, then, with this
notion that Congress has solemnly decided the
matter, and that we are concluded by it, and that
we cannot go behind the act of 1834. Congress
decided nothing of the kind. Even if they had
passed an act for that purpose appropriating for
part of the claim, I should not consider it bind-
ing on me. for one, if I thought the claim unjust,
when the balance was sought to be paid.
Well, sir, if these claims are not within the
treaty—and that I have endeavored to show 
what pretense is there now that Congress, after
having passed an act of that kind, in 1834, out of
its liberality, should be called on to pay interest
from the time these awards were made ? None
whatever. But, Mr. President, I will not labor
that point any longer; I will hasten on with what
I have to say.
The last point which I make is this: even sup-
posing these claims to be within the treaty, or to
have been provided for by the legislation of 1834,
precisely in the same manner as if they were
within the treaty, then, in my opinion, nothing
ought to be appropriated for them now, for the
reason that I believe, and hope to be able to show,
that the claimants have already received more than
they were entitled to receive for the damages
which they sustained. I shall not go into a-^is-
cussion of the question of interest, which was
very much mooted before the Court of Claims and
the Supreme Court, as a question under the laws
ofnations. I shall not discuss the question whether
full satisfaction meant the value of the property
destroyed with interest on it, or not. I arrt wil-
ling to concede that; to admit that where fulj^at-
isfaction has not heen obtained hy allowingasum
in the aggregate which would compensate the par-
ty, then interest may be allowed. It may be al-
lowed at common law, but it docs n®t necessarily
follow; the amount does not necessarily draw in-
terest; anditmaybe allowed under the laws of na-
tions. I am free to confess, too, that there are
many instances in which our Government has
claimed and received interest. But nevertheless, if
these claimants have already received an amount
which, at the time they received it was as large
as tliey ought to have received, if it covered the
amount of the damages which they actually sus-
tained, without interest, then it cannot be very
material to determine hero whether, under the
laws of nations, the parties are entitled to interest
or not.
I have already referred to what Mr. White, the
Delegate from Florida, said as to the amount of
these claims. Who were the persons that were
to receive this compensation? They were Span-
ish officers and subjects. Who did receive it?
The probability is, as I shall endeavor to show,
from the number of claimants who presented
claims, and the amount claimed, that everybody
who was engaged in that patriot war, loyalists,
patriots, and all, have come to the Treasury and
have received from it very liberal and very large
amounts. The Senator from Georgia read the
other day a highly-wrought picture drawn by one
of the judges who sat upon these claims—Judge
Bronson, the last who was there. It sounded to
me more like the rhetorical flourish of an advo-
cate than the opinion of a judge. There are three
specimens of that kind here from three different
judges; one which compared the destruction in
'East Florida to the desolation of the Carnatic by
Hyder Ali. I will read what the first one said—
Judge Smith, who was the earliest judge that sat
upon these claims that are now in controversy;
the judge in East Florida, who was succeeded by
Mr. Reid, who decided a great many of them.
Judge Smith draws a pretty strong picture of the
state of things there, but not quite equal to that
which was read by the Senator. He says;
it has been fully proved fay the testimony which, 111 va-
rious cases, has heen adduced before me, that in the year
181'2 the province of West Florida was invaded hy citizens
of the United States, denominated patriot,*"—
I call the attention of the Senate to that. It was
invaded from the United States by persons de-
nominated patriots—
<- principally from Georgia, and also hy the rceuiar troops
belonging to the army ot the United States ; that these, in
effect, coupeiated ; and that the whole population of East
Florida, north and west of Augustine, and on the banks of ;
the St. John's, were compelled to take part therein, or to
abandon their plantations. . :
" It has been further pioved that the cattle, Horses, swine, j
and movables of the plantations of this portion ot the prov-
inee, were, (hiring this incarsion, almost without exeep- ,
tion, destioyed, dispersed, and lost to the owneis ; that the :
buildings, fences, am! cieps of many plantations were j
wholly destroyed, sometimes having been previously aban- '
doned by their owners, and at otheis the owners having
remained till the destruction commenced." 1
One purpose I had ill view 111 reading this, was 1
to show that the judge who first sat 011 these j
claims states that these patriots, who were spoken i
of here, were from across the line; they were per- ■
sons from the State of Georgia. I have before
me a letter from John H. Mcintosh-, the patriot
leader, bearing date July 30, 1812, addressed to
Mr. Monroe, and protesting against the removal of
the troops from Florida, pursuant to the instruc-
tions which had been given to Governor Mitchell,
until some .arrangement was made by which these
same patriots could receive protection. I will read
a portion of it; , ■
"Being elected to the office of director by the freemen
of East Florida who engaged in Hie revolution, it becomes
my duty to address you,and, thiough you,ille President of
the United States, upon the subject of our situation. After
suffering for a long time under the oppression of a govern-
ment, corrupt in itself, and free from the eontfofof the
parent country, we saw the correspondence between your-
self and Mr. Foster respectlnR East Florida. Your letter
refrained from noticing ttiat part of Mr. Foster's commu-
nication relating to General Matthews. "When General
Matthews came forward with instructions of a date prior to
that of the correspondence,we immediately concluded that
the United States would leceive our country as a compo-
nent part of their teiritory, as soon as we-should declare
our determination to shake oft'thc shackles with which we
were overloaded."
I beg to direct the attention of the Senate to tire
next clause:
" Under tills impression, the Whole planting Interest de-
clared themselves free, took possession of ali the country,
and held it untli tliey surrendered it by cession of their
commissioners to the United States."
The whole planting interest of Florida engaged
in this patriot war, declared themselves free, Sad
joined the United States troops. The judge says
that these patriots were citizens of Georgw who
came across the line. The leader of the patriots
says that the whole planting interest upon the
St. John's, and between the St. Mary's and St.
Augustine, had risen and joined the force of the
United States; and he goes on and urges the Gov-
ernment not to withdraw these troops; that the
Indians would be upon them; that a negro regi-
ment was about to be brought into Florida from
Cuba; and that the dangers and hardships to which
they would be subjected were imminent and great.
It was in consideration of this that the Govern-
ment did not finally withdraw the trOops from
Florida, though active military operations had
ceased, as I have stated, after about the middle of
April, 1812. Tliey did not eventually withdraw
thetroops until May, 1813, and until this amnesty
had been made which Mr. Mcintosh writes to the
Government he desired to have made, and which
the Government thought that 111 good faith they
ought to have made, for they owed these people
some protection.
I introduce that-letter for another purpose. ■ "I
notice it to show that the whole of the planting
interest in that region were of this patriot'force,
and engaged in the revolution. I notice it for the
purpose of showing that these persons afterwards
came before the judge there, and by ex parte tes-
timony made out cases for each other, and by
that means the Government has already been
subjected to the payment of $1,100,000. Hence
it is that we have these high-wrought pictures of
desolation. It is very natuial that these judges
should speak as tliey did. These persons were
their neighbors and friends. What was the char-
acter of the proceedings before the judges? Ex
parte entirely. How could a judge undertake to
take testimony in these cases? Most of it v*as in
writing, taken at a distance from him. It is true,
in some of the cases, cross-interrogatories were
put; but by whom ? They were sent in writing,
by the judge himself. How could the facts be
made to appear ? Every man within the hearing
of my voice, especially every lawyer, knows that
if left to a judge to have the testimony taken, and
especially'if the testimony was not taken before
him, the Government would be imposed upon;
testimony would be fabricated; large amounts
would be allowed: improper persons would have
claims allowed; and such, I think, has been the
result in this whole matter, if we take into con-
sideration the amount which was stated by Mr.
Everett and by Mr. White to be due, and the
amount to whi«h these claims have subsequently
swelled, because I have already stated the Govern-
ment has paid §1,100,000, and some two million
seven hundred thousand dollars of claims were
presented, and those only of principal. Where
did these claims come from ? Who were the per-
sons that could have suffered all these injuries?
We are told by Mcintosh, the leader of the pa-
triots, that the whole planting interest belonged
to this patriot force. We did not stipulate to pay
