1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
Mr. CLARK. I move that the further consid-
eration of this bill be postponed until Saturday of
next week, at one o'clock.
Mr. CAMERON. Make it Thursday. I would
rather not fix Saturday for it.
Mr. CLARK. I have no objection; but I sup-
posed we might take Saturday for District busi-
ness.
Mr. BROWN, I do not desire to be embar-
rassed at all by the motion, and I hope the Sen-
ator will withdraw it for a moment, so that I may
be in order in saying a word; and then he can
renew it.
Mr. CLARK. Certainly.
Mr. BROWN. I am opposed to this bill,
though it comes from the committee of which I
am chairman; and I protested against itin commit-
tee, and I protest against it here. I think, with
all deference to my friend from Maryland, my col-
league on the committee, that he is entirely mis-
taken in.saying that eveijthis company will not
make the connection by the proper route, if you
require them to do so; but if they do not, some-
body else will.
Mr. CAMERON. I will make it myself, if
necessary.
Mr. BROWN. It is very much more conve-
nient and less expensive to make it by the route
through the city of Washington and across the
Long Bridge, as they propose, than to make it
somewhere else; but this proposition is in total dis-
regard of the whole former action of Congress on
the subject; it is in total derogation of all the nat-
ural rights of the little city of Georgetown. It is
a proposition to allow a mammoth corporation to
monopolize great advantages, and that under the
threat that unless they are allowed to do the thing
as they choose, they will not do it at all; and that
if they do not do it, nobody else will.
They propose to go through the center of the
city of Washington and across the Long Bridge,
and why ? Because to make that connection will
be less expensive, according to their own account,
by about four hundred thousand dollars; and they
come to tell us that every railroad company from
Portland, in Maine, to New Orleans, in Louisiana,
is interested in this connection. So they are.
These railroad companies have a capital of more
than two hundred million dollars; and yet they
higgle at the idea of expending §400,000 to make
a connection through this city. They will mar
the beauty of the national capital—that they are
ready to do, if you will allow it. They seek to
get a perpetual right to run their steam cars, their
burden trains, through your city, and to give to
the commerce of Georgetown an everlasting death
blow, by perpetuating the Long Bridge below the
natural harbor of that city. They will break up
this little company, of which the Senator from
Pennsylvania has just now spoken; and swallow
up all these interests, for what? In the soulless
spirit in which corporations always act for them-
selves, and in total disregard of the rights and
interests of everybody else.
Suppose it does cost $400,000 more to build the
road in the right place; capital will build it; and
if you will say to this mammoth Baltimore cor-
poration, "You shall not make the connection
unless you make it as we tell you," they will do
it. The proper way to make the connection is
around through Boundary street, crossing the
Potomac at the aqueductupon piers built there by
the Government; and I tell you that you have
scientific reports on your archives now showing
that the connection can be made in less time in
that way than across the Long Bridge, giving no-
body any annoyance, giving nobody any disturb-
ance,nottakingfrom the little city ofGeorgetown
rights which were given to her by the God of
nature. She is entitled to the navigation of the
Potomac unobstructed. You have already thrown
a bridge across the river below her, which has
injured her commerce, dwarfed her resources,
made her little and contemptible when she would
have been a great and thriving city, but for the
interference of this Government.
Now, it is proposed to authorize this great
mammoth corporation, which wields a capital of
$40,000,000, to cross the bridge on a railroad at
the same point. My friend from Maryland talks
about your reserving the right to remove the
bridge, and necessarily to remove the franchise
of the railroad upon it. Sir, when did Congress
ever move anything when it was once established?
Let this road cross there, with its $40,000,000
capital, and its combinations everywhere that
amount, perhaps, to $2,500,000,000, and then talk
about breaking it up! You might as well under-
take to pitch straws against a fearful hurricane as
to do anything against such an influence. That
is the common-sense view of it. They come here,;
they interfere with members of Congress; they
talk to them; they go through all the ramifica-
tions. I do not say that their money is going
to be used to bribe or corrupt members of Con-
gress. I am very far from insinuating that, and
I am sorry that it is even necessary in the pres-
ent state of congressional affairs to put in a pro-
test on that point; but they send their presidents
and secretaries and attaches and others, to say:
" We are interested in this thing; we do not want
this connection broken up." They bring a per-
sonal and direct influence to bear on Senators and
Representatives, and the thing never will be done.
If you allow this railroad company to throw its
track across the river, at the site of the Long
Bridge, you perpetuate the thing, and it will stand
there to eternity, and never will be broken up.
I do not wantto'discuss the advantages and dis-
advantages of Georgetown; but my principal ob-
ject in rising, was to say that all this talk about
their not making the connection, except it is done
just in this way, has not, from the beginning,
struck'me with any force. I do not care the snap
of my finger whether the Baltimore and Ohio
Company undertake to do it or nt)t; something
else will. You have almost got your connec-
tion now. The Loudoun and Hampshire road
have already got the privilege, or are within an
ace of it, of coming to Georgetown. I think the
House of Representatives has some little amend-
ment to that bill of ours, in which I have been
notified by the honorable gentleman who presides
over the District Committee in that House, that
they are going to ask our concurrence in in a day
or two. lam certainly for agreeing to it, and I
think the Senate will be. Then lay down your
avenue lailroad from Georgetown to the depot,
here, and you have your connection—not so per-
fectly as I desire; but certainly a railroad connec-
tion through the whole line.
Mr. KENNEDY. I beg to correct my friend.
The Loudoun and Hampshire road does not con-
nect at all with the southwestern lines. It runs
in a different line.
Mr. BROWN. My friend is mistaken. Itruns
to Alexandria, and there connects with the Or-
ange and Alexandria railroad. The Loudoun and
Hampshire road runs now from Alexandria to
the interior of Virginia; but the company propose
to run a branch of their road into the city of
Georgetown, and Congress has given its consent
to that. Then, I say again, when you connect
the Baltimore and Cmio railroad depot, justattho
footof Capitol hill, by youravenue railroad with
that line, you will have got a railroad connection
clear through—not so perfect as I would desire
it; but still a railroad connection which will lead
to more permanent results after a while. It will
lead to permanent results without the disadvant-
ages which we are to suffer if we adopt this
proposition.
Mr. HALE. As the chairman has got pretty
much through with his bills, and this matter does
not seem to be distinctly understood, I move that
the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 14, noes 12; and the Senate
adjourned.  __
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, May 19, 1860.
The House metat eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
PROVIDENT ASSOCIATION Of WASHINGTON.
Mr. HICKMAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report back from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary the following bill, and to
put it upon its passage:
An act (S. No. 63) to amend " An act to incor-
porate the Provident Association of Clerks in the
civil Departments of the Government of the Uni-
ted States in the District of Columbia."
Mr. THOMAS. Let the bill be read for in-
formation.
The bill, which was read, amends the charter
of the Provident Association of the Clerks in the-
civil Departments of the Government of the Uni-
ted States in the District of Columbia, so that any
member of the association may, oil giving one
month's notice to the president and board of offi-
cers, withdriaw from the association, and receive
out of the funds and assets of the association such
sum as the president and board of. officers majr
consider just and equitable, but in no case to ex-
ceed the amount he may have contributed, with
interest at the rate of-six per cent., nor" his dis-
tributive share of the entire assets, if distributed
pro rata to family interest at the time of such with-
drawal.
No objection being made, the bill was ordered
to a third reading; and having been read the third
time, it was subsequently pa
Mr. HICKMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table. "
The latter motion was agreed to.
VACANCIES' IN CERTAIN OFFICES.
On motion of Mr. HICKMAN, it was ordered
that the Committee on the Judiciary be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the act
(S. No. 5) to supply vacancies in certain offices,
and that the same be laid upon the table.
COURTS IN THE TERRITORIES.
Mr. HICKMAN, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Judiciary, reported a bill
(S. No. 148) concerning courts in the Territories;
which was referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
APPEALS, ETO.
Mr. HICKMAN also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (S. No. 4) concerning appeals
and writs of error; which was referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
FRANCIS CIIANDONET.
, Mr. BURNETT. I desire to call up the mo-
tion which I entered some days since, to recon-
sider the vote by which House bill No. 247, for
the-relief of the legal representatives of Francis
Chandonet was passed.
I propose to detain the House but a moment in
reference to this matter. When I entered the mo-
tion to reconsider, I must confess that I had but
little hope that the motion would prevail. This
is a claim based upon revolutionary services; and
the bill appropriates to the administrator of the
party, who claims to have rendered the service,
the commutation or half pay of the officer. The
soldier, for whose benefit this bill is passed, died
in 1810. The resolution of Congress, under which
this claim for commutation or half pay is made,
was passed in October, 3780; and now, fifty years
after his death, a bill is introduced appropriating
out of the public Treasury this five years' com-
mutation or half pay to his administrator. I ap-
peal to gentlemen upon all sides of the House
whether this character of legislation is not in itself
wrong, even, taking for granted all that is con-
tained in the report of this case; and whether the
voting of money to the administrator of a party,
who has been dead for more than fifty years, ought
not of itself to defeat a bill of this character ? The
objection to voting this money to an administrator
is this: the estate must have been settled long since.
There certainly could'not have been an adminis-
tration lasting fifty years in the settlement of an
estate. And if an administrator has been ap-
pointed for this special purpose, that is wrong.
If the party is entitled to the money, incorporate
in this bill the legal representatives of the soldier,
and vote the money to them.
The House will understand the character of this
bill by hearing read the report, not more than one
inch long, in which all the facts are taken for
granted, there being no proof; and no statement
of facts showing that this party did not receive
his commutation pay. It simply says that the
records of the Treasury Department do not show
that he did receive it.
We all understand that the reason why these
old claims are trumped up and brought here, is the
fact that the evidence which may have existed in
the archives of the Government, has been lost or
destroyed. Now, if the House sees fit to rccon-
