234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23,
have satisfied my mind, that, although wc are in
the midst of a perilous crisis, the spirit of moder-
ation will animate and govern the deliberations
and purposes of An immense majority of the Amu-
ican people, and that the madness and folly of
every effort which has been made to sever the tics
that have bound us together, will be signally re-
buked by the overwhelming voices of our patri-
otic countrymen. My only regret is that I am
not an abler and more powerful advocate of this
great cause; but, so far as my ability extends, i
am willing 44 to do and to suiter" whatever may
be ncccssary to uphold it, and, if need be, to lay
down my life in its defense.
The appeal made tothcKnoxvillo Register will
be understood when I state that, in the course of
my canvass, it became necessary for me to reply
to one of its articles, and to animadvert, with just
severity, upon the conduct and management of
the Bank of East Tennessee. The efforts to en-
list the Greenville Democrat, a paper published
in my district, in a renewed contest against me,
will be comprehended upon the following- brief
statement of facts. During my canvass, my able
and distinguished competitor, m accordance with
the tactics generally adopted by the Democratic
journals and orators in the late contest in Ten-
nessee, attempted to show that there was an alli-
ance between the southern Opposition and what
he called the Clack Republican Opposition of the
North; and, in our first discussion at Jonesboro',
as well as in our discussions at other places, he
propounded the question, how would I vote, if
elected to Congress, in the e\ent that no election
of President was made by the people, and the con-
test should come into ihis Hou.se ? To tin? ques-
tion 1 responded, in substance, that I would not
vote for a Democrat or a Black Republican, but
would vote for Mr. Fillmore, or any other good
Whig, North or South, devoted to the Union. A
writer m the Jonesboro' Union, in giving an ac-
count of the discussion, charged that I had suid,
in substance, that I would vote for a Black Re-
publican for President in preference to a Demo-
crat. So soon as I saw this statement, I denounced
it as false, in my speech at Now Market, and my
competitor, m the presence of at least one thou-
sand persons, voluntarily and magnanimously
arose and stated (hat my version of what had
occurred in our previous discussion was correct.
Soon after this, the Greenville Democrat pub-
lished, m substance, that J preferred an Abolition
President to James Buchanan. Born and raised
in a slave State, having resided there all my life,
and entertaining no conscientious scruples on the
subject of holding slaves—which I regard as sanc-
tioned by the highest authority among all ci\il-
ized nations—X considered that the repetition of
this charge, under the circumstances, was agross
insult, and felt it mv duty to denounce the editor
of the Greenville Democrat as a liar m virions
public speeches, and m Ijim presence in mypublie
speech at Greenville. Tjus led to an amicable cor-
respondence between us, begun by him. and, from
explanations contained in his letters, 1 agreed to
withdraw the offensive expression, on condition
that he should publish the truth m his paper, which
he did, including the correspondence, on the 22d
June, 1850.
In regard to the letter addressed by Dr. Brown-
low to Rev. IS". G. Taylor, I have simply to say,
that it was written by him while on a visit to
Healing Springs, Bath county, Virguna, on the
2Gth of August, 1859; that I n<ner saw or luard
of the letter until I saw it m the Greenville Dem-
ocrat; that I am m no way responsible for its
sentiments; and that since the foray at Harper's
Ferry, Dr. Brownlow himself, pulling from the
lone of his paper, has wholly changed his views
in regaid to the propriety of any union between
the southern Opposition and the Republicans in
the organization of this IIousc. In his paper of
the 18th of October, 1859, Dr. Brownlow charged,
over his own signature, that his letter "had been
stolen from the mail bags or post office at Pcoples-
ville, in Carter county," but has not, so far as I
know, made public, as yet, the proofs to substan-
tiate this statement. How far it may be regarded
as honorable to publish or quote 'from a letter
thus, or in some other mode, surreptitiously ob-
tained in violation of private correspondence,
though promptly avowed and earnestly defended
by its author, is unnecessary for me to determine.
Suffice it to say that when the editor of the States
charges, as he does in his paper, that the letter
of Dr. Brownlow, or so much of it as he quotes,
is <c a key to my speech," and that I, "of course,
indorse it,;5 he has published a willful and mali-
cious falsehood, and is guilty of a gross and
unjustifiable libel.
Dr. Brownlow is, and for more than twenty
years has been, my firm friend, and, with all his
eccentricity of character, is the devoted friend of
his country and of good morals. We have often
differed m opinion, but each has tolerated in the
other perfect freedom of thought and of action.
We differ, probably, in our views as to the mode
of organizing this House. While canvassing my
distiict, I refused to commit myself in regard to
the Speaker's election, because the elections of
members to Congress had not then terminated,
and because I could not anticipate who would be
the candidates. As the charge of Black Repub-
licanism was very freely and very unjustly cir-
culated against me, X told my constituents that I
would not, m the election for Speaker, give any
vote which I believed would be injurious to the
South. Before X reached this city, and while on
my way here, I understood that a member of this
House [Mr. Cosb] had expressed the desire that
a Speaker should be clectcd by a union of the
Democracy with the southern Opposition on fair
and honnrnble terms; and, in view of the scenes
at Harper's Ferry, and other circumstances of
irritation to the South, I expressed myself as
being favorable to such a union on a national
Democrat, if one could be found—not regarding
the election of a Republican as cause to dissolve
the Union—upon fair and honorable principles,
merely for the sake of organization, and not with
the view to anv ulttnor fusion with the Demo-
cratic party, i have not regarded the organizn-
tion of the House as involving any question of
principle, hut as being in the nature of a mere
police regulation.
Although 1 entertained the opinion I have ex-
pressed, I did not fe°l, and do not now feel, that,
as a Whig, or southern Oppositionist, it would
be beconnn?;in ineor the party to which 1 belong
to make any advance whatever tu the Democratic
leadeis, because of the insult offered to our party
in the Democratic resolutions and proceedings
connected with the election of Speaker m 1855-5G,
and b' eauie they aie the stronger and we the
weaker body. But 1 have felt at times willing,
since I cam-"1 here, to act with that party in the
organization of the House, and in that alone,
whenever—if ever—a disposition shall be mani-
fested to treat us as equals, and not to coerce us
into submission; but so long as a tone of defiance
is assumed by its leaders or its editors, I shall
resist such aition to the utmost of my ability.
Sentiments similar to these were entertained, as I
have leuson to believe, by a large majority of the
southern Opposition before our motives and pur-
poses were assailed: but the course of vituper-
ation pmrual towards us has been calculated to
change, and probably has changed, tins feeling.
As there w< ie members of our party who were
unwilling, under existing, and perhaps under any
circumstances, to act with the Democracy, and
as my \ oie could have been of no possible service
to that paiLy, X hove preferred to vote, and have
voted from the beginning, for Mr. Gilmer or Mr.
Boteler, believing, as I do, that the. election of
a southern Opposition mnn as Speaker would do
more to quiet the apprehensions of the country
than anything which could be accomplished by
this House. I did not vote for Mr. Millson be-
cause I saw that my vote would not elect him,
and because I did not know whether he would re-
gard, as many southern Democrats do, the elec-
tion of a Republican as Piesident as cause for a
disso aiion of the Union; and will not, knowingly,
vote for any man who entertains that opinion.
I cannot, consistently, cast my vote for Mr.
Sherman as Speaker, because I think his election
at this time would produce an unhappy alienation
of feeling on the part of the South. While I say
this, in perfect respect to him, I am free to declare
that, when a man, who is technically my peer,
arises upon tins floor, and says, in substance, that,
if he indorsed the Helper book, he did it through
inadvertence, and docs not appiove its extreme
doctiines, I am constrained to accept his state-
ments as 'me until the contrary appears. This
assertion of Ins is strengthened by the fact that,
in the discussions of 1S56, Mr, Shermas drew,
bioadly and distinctly, the line of demarcation
between the Republicans and Abolitionists, and
showed that the former, in that day at least, did
not sympathize with the extreme views of the
latter. As both, however, arc and have been art-
fully confounded in southern Democratic journals,
X think, with all deference to him and his friends,
that his election would, in the present state of ex-
citement., exert a most unhappy influence on the
southern mind, and that, if possible, this House
should endeavor to avert it by the election of a
national Democrat or national Whig, who doea
not sympathize with the secession or abolition
sentiment; and, in that view, I shall continue to
vote for a southern Oppositionist, until I shall feel
it my duty to change my course; and, whenever
thus impelled, will alter it without hesitation.
In the mean time, I hope it will be remembered
that, so far as any inference can be drawn from
the manner in which the Democratic votes in this
House have hitherto been cast, no Democrat could
have been elected, even if he had rcceivca the en-
tire southern Opposition vote, because it docs not
appear, thus far, that the Democracy have been
able to give a united vote, and it would require
that and the southern Opposition vote to effect an
election. On the other hand, there have been two
occasions upon which if all the Democratic mem-
i bers had seen proper to unite their votes to those
I of the southern Opposition and those of the eon-
! scrvative gentlemen from Pennsylvania and New
Jersey who voted for Mr. Gilmer, an election of
Speaker could have been.effected.
I thank the House for its patient attention; I
especially thanff the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Smith] for his courtesy in yielding me the floor.
THE SPEAKERSHIP AGAIN.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, resumed the floor.
Mr. GARTPvELL. I move that the House do
now proceed to ballot for Speaker.
Mr. KEITT. X move that the House do now
i adjourn.
Mr. GARTRELL. The gentleman from South
I Carolina had not the floor for that motion.
| Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I want to make a
, remark or two. The House will bear me witness
| that X have certainly practiced a very liberal in-
1 dulgence to those gentlemen who have appealed
j to my courtesy, so much so that the time has been
j consumed in which I might have succeeded in
! makmgmysentimentsknownto the House. Both
| the House and myself arc so fatigued now as that
i it would not be very judicious for me to under-
j take to proceed. But, Mr. Clerk, there is one
branch of the subject which X prefer to speak on
| this evening; and after X get through with it, X
! will submit either to a motion to adjourn or a
■ motion to proceed to a ballot. X desire to do this
; because 1 think it necessary that our position on
j that subject should be understood. It is in refcr-
! once to the remarks of the gentleman from Penn-
j sylvama, yesterday, [Mr. Grow.] Still, I am
| willing to do just as the House desires. [Cries of
"Vote!" *' Vote!" from the Republican benches.]
Very well; X am content to have a vote taken.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. X move a call of
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was accordingly called; and the follow-
ing members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Clark B. Cochrane, James Craig, Dim-
mick, Garnett, Hawkins, Hickman, Jenkins,
Landrum,Maclay, Nixon, Pendleton, Pi-ielps,
Rust , Sedgwick , St all wortii, Stevens , St rat-
ton, Wood, and Van; Wyck.
During the call,
Mr. MILES staled that Mr. Garnett had
paired with Mr. Millwaiid.
Mr. HASKIN stated that Mr. Hickman had
paired with Mr. Dimmic k till next Thursday morn-
ing.
"Mr. JOHN COCHRANE stated thatMr. Mao
l\y had paired with Mr. Sedgwick till next
Wednesday.
Mr. PENNINGTON stated that. Mr. Nixon
had paired with Mr. Stevenson.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama, stated that Mr.
Phelps had paired with Air. Stratton till Tues-
day at twelve o'clock.
Mr. HALE stated that Mr. Stevens had paired
with Mr. Craig, of Missouri, for ten days.
Mr. KILL1NGER stated that Mr. Wood had
paired with Mr, Rust,
