1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sl#3
that I have made adopted; and I wish to have the
opinion of the Chair as to the suggestions that
have been made to me as to the mode m which it
shall be offered, I desire to know whether a prop-
osition to offer it as an independent section to the
bill would be in order. I desire to adhere to the
proposition which I have made, which is the only
practical way of reaching itexcept, as I suppose,
by offering it (if it fails as an additional amend-
ment to the House amendment) as a substitute
for it. In that mode a second vote may be taken
on it. In any form in which it can be adopted,
and go with this bill, and thus secure its enact-
ment, I am content.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is the amendment moved by the
Senator from New York to the amendment of the
House.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from New
York did not hear the Senator from Louisiana,
The Senator from Louisiana has made a propo-
sition which is to alter the phraseology of the
House amendment so as to accomplish his ob-
ject. If we adopt that, then we have accomplished
what we want to accomplish; but if we adopt, the
proposition of the Senator from New York, we
have made tin amendment to an amendment that
probably the Senate will not agree to. Nobody
m the Senate is for struggling as to who is to do
this printing. "We want to get rid of that; but
we want to reduce the prices; and I understand
that the motion of the Senator from Louisiana
will accomplish that.
Mr.KING. Let me hear that read. The Sen-
ate can vote on this matter in less time than we
arc talking about it. I ask that the amendment
suggested by the Senator from Louisiana be read.
The Secretary read the proposition of Mr. Sli-
dell, which is to strike out all of the House
amendment after the word " that," where it first
occurs, and insert:
The pi ices of the public printing for the two Houses of
Congress dm nig the present Congress sluill bo twenty-five
per centum less than the prices now allowed by law.
Mr. KING. The indications from the Senate
are such that I am satisfied they will not agree to
the proposition as I made it. I would have pre-
ferred that it should pass as an addition to tho
House amendment, that they might have had a
part of their own proposition with it, and. thus, j
m my judgment, wo should have been more likely
to carry it; but I will waive my amendment now,
and accede to that of the Senator from Louisiana,
if he will include executive as well as congres-
sional printing.
Mr. SLIDELL. I have no sort of objection to
that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from New York being with-
drawn, the question is on the amendment of the
Senator fiom Louisiana, as modified, which is to
strike out all of the House amendment after the
word " that," and to nfscrt:
The prlccs of tho public punting for the two Houses of
Congress, and of the exccutiVe punting, duung the present
Congress, shall be twenty-five per ccntum less than the
pilces now allowed hy law.
Mr. FITCH. There is no objection to that
provision; the principle of it is correct; but the
amendment does not point out the manner in
which the Superintendent shall settle with the
Printers; and I apprehend that, being somewhat
crude in this respect, it will lead to difficulty. If
any Senator chooses, on his individual responsi-
bility, to move the House bill as an amendment,
I shall vote for it with pleasure, though still
strongly of the impression that the very best
course to settle the matter finally and decisively
is for the Senate to allow the Committee on Print-
ing to report the House bill and to pass it at once.
Then it does not go to any committee of confer-
ence, nor docs it go back to the House; but it is
the law, provided always it receives the Presi-
dent's signature, of which I cannot entertain a
doubt; but this requires action elsewhere before
it becomes a law, and if it should become a law
in its present shape, it is a crude affair, and will
lead to difficulty between the Superintendent and
the Printers. We must bear in mind that there
are particular manners of settling the Printers'
accounts. The Superintendent, I doubt not,
would endeavor to carry out this provision to the
letter, according to tho object of the law; but I
apprehend he would find difficulty in doing it,
and perhaps involve Congress hereafter in the
necessity of amending their own law.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to postpone the
further consideration of this bill in order to take
up the joint resolution of the House reducing the
prices of the public printing. We can dispose of
that in five minutes, and that will do away with
the whole debate in which we are now engaged.
Mr. KING. I hope the Senate will agree to do
that. I am free to say that a part of my reason
for urging this matter in this bill is that we have
reached so late a period of the session, when
nothing has been accomplished in this matter,
when each House has presented its separate prop-
osition, the other not acting upon it, that if we
allow a few days more to pass without concurrent
action, nothing will be done in reference to the
priccs of printing for the present Congress; but
if we put it in an appropriation bill, there is a
chance of having it accomplished. Gentlemen
have expressed their opinion as to what would be
the result of an amendment here. I prefer the
amendment as I originally moved it, as an addition
to the House amendment, which would have car-
ried both propositions along together. In my
opinion, however, the House will refuse to agree
to this amendment as now offered, and then it
will be lost. Although at the wish and suggestion
of everybody, pretty much, I assented to the prop-
osition of the Senator from Louisiana, because I
became .satisfied that the Senate would not vote
for mine, yet I believe that will fail between the
two Houses as a substitute for the House amend-
ment, and the whole thing will pass away with-
out any action. My object is to have something
donc;and I should therefore be glad if the Senate
would consent to this other proposition. We
shall save time by it.
Mr. HUNTER. How do we save time by
that? because, when we come back, we shall still
discuss the House amendment. [u No '.""No!'']
Mr. ANTHONY. When this joint resolution
is passed, the House amendment will be voted
down at once, and we shall get lid of the thing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope my friend from
Virginia, t\jc chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance, will^fl§ree to this proposition, simply for
the reason that I am satisfied we shall get rid of
this maitir in no other way. This question of
the printing comes up m all manner of shapes and
on all occasions, and there is no way to settle it
but to pass that bill, of which everybody is in
favor. But, I take it, there is to be no debate
about it. Still, if anybody wants to debate it, I
hope he will say so now; because, if it is agreed
to and understood that the reduction is to be passed
by common consent, we may as well take it up
and pass it at once.
Mr. HUNTER. If it is understood that there
is to be no debate, I will consent to lay this bill
aside temporarily. [" Agreed !"]
Air. DAVIS. I will make the objection now
which, I think, belongs to it; and after that, 1
shall not want to debate it. Forty per cent, is a
greater reduction than the Printer can afford to do
the work at. Then we are in this condition: be-
cause it is said we have given larger profits on the
past work than were just, we will reduce the fu-
ture below what is just. Then, let us suppose
that you have reduced it so low that the Printers
of the two Houses cannot do the work, and will
not adhere to it: you must make new arrange-
ments, and you are compelled to give more than
you now offer to those whom you already have in
employment. I think, therefore, it is unjust, and
that tlic reduction should notbegreater than you
can get another Printer to take the work at.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
and seconded that the Senate postpone the further i
consideration of the pending bill, for the purpose
of taking up tho House jointresolution to diminish
the prices of the public printing.
The motion was agieed to.
PRICES OF PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. FITCH. The Committee on Printing, to
whom was icferred the House joint resolution
(No. 41) to reduce the price of public printing, j
have directed me to report it back without amend-
ment. It is the joint resolution which the Senate
have this moment agreed, by general consent, to
consider.
The joint resolution was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to reduce the
prices established and allowed for composition,
press-work, folding, stitching, and inserting maps
and plates, by the act entitled "An act to pro-
vide for executing the public printing and estab-
lishing the prices thereof, and for other pur-
poses," approved August 26, 1852, and by the
several acts amendatory thereof, that is to say,
forty per centum; and for the purpose of giving
full force and effect to this resolution, the Super-
intendent of the Public Printing isdirected to cause
the accounts of the Public Printer or Printers to
be made out and rendered to him, as heretofore,
under the provisions of the act of August 26,
1859, (except as to the printing of the Post Office
blanks, which have been ordered by law to be
put out by contract to the lowest bidder;) and
before certifying the same to the Treasury for
payment, he is to deduct from the aggregate
amount of each account so rendered the sum of
forty per centum, and the residue is to be re-
ceived by the Public Piintcr or Printers as full
compensation for the work stated in the account.
This resolution is to take effect from its passage.
Mr. KING. I shall vote for the passage of this
joint resolution, and I trust it will pass the Sen-
ate, though I would have decidedly preferred a
reduction of twenty-five per cent, going back to
the beginning of the Congress; for that would in-
sure the printing during the whole. Congress at
that reduction. The provisions here made com-
mence only at the next session; and if the contin-
gency occurs which the Senator from Mississippi
has suggested, and which I think possible, though
perhaps not, that the Printers will throw up their
contracts, and we shall have to begin again, we
shall at least have had a termination of the pres-
ent system of printing.
Mr. DAVIS. For the reasons which 1 have
stated, and which I shall not repeat, I move to
strike out " forty,"andinsert4' twenty-five" be-
fore the words " per ccntum," which I am in-
formed is as low as anybody can afford to take
the printing at.
Mr. KING. I hope that no change will be made
in this resolution, which will send it back to the
House. From conversations, I am satisfied that
there is some difficulty in passing any proposition
in which thetwo Houseswill agree, lam satisfied
that there is a considerable amount of opinion
against any reduction while the present contracts
continue, and a disposition to let them run through;
and a disagreement between the two Houses will
produce that result, and carry the present ar-
rangement through this Congress. I perfer the
passage of this joint resolution, even with the
result which the Senator from Mississippi appre-
hends.
Mr. BIGLER. I desire the attention of the
Senator from New York for a few minutes. My
recollection is that, in the testimony before the
committee of which he was chairman, it appeared
that the present Printer to the Senate had made
an agreement with Mr. Rives to execute the work.
I take it that agreement was a business affair,
each endeavoring to get tho best arrangement he
could. Under that, Mr. Rives was to get sixty-
six and two thirds, and Air. Bowman thirty-three
and a third per cent. The pending bill of the
House is to reduce the prices forty percent. Now,
I suggest, how could the Printer of the Senate,
under that agreement, which extends througH the
whole term  
Mr. FITCH. The Senator is mistaken; this
reduction is prospective entirely; it does not go
back.
Mr. BIGLER. I am not speaking of the res-
olution, but of the agreement between Mr. Rives
and the Printer of the Senate. It will be perceived
at once that you reduce the prices forty per cent.,
whilst under his agreement, as reported by the
committee of which the Senator from New York
was chairman, there was but thirty-three and a
third per cent, left to the Printer of the Senate.
It is therefore clear that, for the remainder of his
term, under the agreement to which he is bound,
he would be obliged to execute the work for less
than he was getting. He would lose the differ-
ence between thirty-three and a third and forty
per cent, on that work. I suggest whether the
amendment of the Senator from Mississippi is not
quite as far as we can go without getting into trou-
ble on this subject, and having the work aban-
doned. This whole subject is new to me. X am
not connected with it "in any way, and have no
