1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Speaker's table and referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
Objection was made.
WENDELL TKOU.T.
Mr. SIMMS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill granting an invalid pension to Wen-
dell Trout; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions. ^ v
Mr. SIMMS also, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill for the benefit of Wendell Trout;
which wfts read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
JANE W. M'KEE.
Mr. SIMMS also, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill granting increase of pension to
Jane W. McKee; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on In-
valid Pensions.
Mr. DAWES. I call for the regular order of
business.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL
The SPEAKER stated that the business before
the House was the bill (H. R. No. 5) making ap-
propriations for the support of the Military Acad-
emy for the year ending 30lh June, 1861, and for
other purposes; the pending question being on the
motion submitted by Mr. Hamilton to refer said
bill to the Committee on Military Affairs, as an
amendment to the motion of Mr. Sherman to re-
fer the same to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and upon which the main question and the yeas
and nays had been ordered.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move to reconsider the
Vote by which the main question was ordered.
The motion was not agreed to.
S?lr. STANTON. I ask for the reading of the
Senate amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall object, unless the
whole bill is read.
Mr. WASHBUIINE, of Illinois. I object to
the reading of either.
The question was taken on Mr. Hamilton's
amendment to refer the bill to the Committee on
Military Affairs; and it was decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 111, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Avery, Datksdale, liair, Blake,
Bocoelc, Bonham, Bonligny, lioyee, Brunei!,
Bilges, Biistow, Buflinton, Buicli, Burnett, Ilurioughs,
Carey, John I!. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane,
Conkling, Cooper, Cox, James Craig, Curry, Curtis, Da-
vidson, John G. Davis, Reuben Davis, lie Jamette, English,
Etheiidge, Ferry, Foster, Fouke, Gartrell, Oooeh, Hamil-
ton, Hardeman, John T. Harris, Elattori, Hill, Hindman,
Iloiman, Houston, Howard, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins,
Jones, Junkiu, Keitt, Kilgoie, Kunkel, Landriun, James
M. Leach, Logan,Loomis,Love,Charles D. Martin, May-
nard, MeCleinand, McUueon,MeItao, Miles, Millson, Mont-
gomery, Sydenham Moore, Edward Joy Morris, Nelson,
Niblack, Noell, Olm, I'ahner, Pendleton, Peyton, Potter,
Pivor, Push, Uuaili's, Reagan, Rings, James C. Kobai-on.
Rutfin, Schwartz, Scott, Sickles, Simile. Singleton, Wil-
liam Smith, William N. II. Smith, Somes, Stanton, Ste-
venson, William Stewart, Stokes, Stout, Taylor, Thayer,
Tlieaker, Tompkins, Ttain, Trimble, Undci wood,Webster,
Wlnteley, Wood, Woodson, and Wligllt—111.
NAYS—Messis. GreeiTArlams, Alduch, William C. An-
derson, Ashley, Babbitt, Binglliun, Blair, Biaytun, Uuin-
Jiam, Butterfiolil, Campbell, Carter, Case, Collar, Covode,
Crawfoid, D.uves, Delano, Uuell, Dunn, EdgPlton, Ed-
waids. Eliot, Fcnton, FioicTiec, Frank. Freneli, Gilmer,
Graham, Glow, Gurley, Hale, Hall, liaskin, Hclimck,
Hickman, Ilnaid, Ilnniphioy, Franeis W. Kellogg, Wil-
liam Kellogg, ICenyon, Lee, Lovejoy, Mallory, Marston,
McKnight, McHieison, Laban T. Mooie, Mooiliead, Moi-
l'lll, Moise, Nixon, Pony, Phelps, Porter, Pottle, Christo-
pher Robinson, Itovee, Scranum, Sedgwick, Sherman,
Spinner, Strauon, Vaildevei, Verree, Waldron, Walton,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elhhu B. Waslibnrne, Isiael
Washburn, Wells, Windom, and Woodruff—73.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. BUFFINTON stated that Mr. Arams, of
Massachusetts, was confined to Ins house by in-
disposition, and had paired off for the day with
Mr. Ashmore.
Mr. FARNSWORTH stated that he was
paired off for the present with Mr. Morris, of
Illinois, who had not yet returned.
Mr. CItAIG-E, of North Carolina, stated that he
had paired off for to-day with Mr. Tappan, or he
would have voted " ay. "
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, when his name was
called, said: Duringthe last week, when the home-
stead bill was on its passage, I was absent, being
paired with Mr. Longnecker, of Pennsylvania,
but for which fact I should have voted against it.
Upon this question I vote "ay."
Mr. McKNIGIIT, when his name was called, I
said: If this was an original question, I should I
vote to refer it to the Military Committee; but as
the bill originated with the Committee of Ways
and Means, and a rider has been put on to it by
the Senate, I think it ought properly to goto the
Committee of Ways and Means, and I therefore
vote " no."
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded, the question recurred on the
motion to refer the bill as amended.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative.
So the bill was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. DAWES obtained the floor.
LOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
Mr. MALLORY. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, I desire to correct
the motion I made this morning in reference to
the joint resolution of the Senate relative to the
Louisville and Portlandeanal. I neglected to move
that it be readafirstandsecondtime. I nowmove
that it be taken from the Speaker's table, have its
first and second readings, and be referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
No objection being made, Senate joint resolu-
tion No. 7, authorizing the enlargement and con-
struction of a branch of the Louis-^jjjle and Port-
land canal, was taken from the Speaker's table,
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. OTERO. Before the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts calls up his question of privilege, I ask
his consent to enable me to introduce a couple of
resolutions calling for information, to which there
will be no objection.
Mr. DAWES. If it is nothing that will give rise
to debate, I will not object.
Mr. OTERO. They cannot possibly give rise
to debate.
No objection being made,
Mr. OTERO introduced the following resolu-
tions; which were read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to this House any information lie
may have concerning Indian hostilities ill tile Territory of
New Mexico.
llesolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of authouzmg the
Picsidcnt of the United States to call into the scrviee of
the United States one regiment of volunteers tor tile sup-
pression of Indian hostilities in the Tcintory of New Mex-
ico.
NEW YORK CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. DAWES. I now call up the report of the
Committee of Elections in the case of A. J. Wil-
liamson contesting the seat in this House of D.
E. Sickles, and ask that the resolution reported
by the committee be read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That A. J. Williamson, contesting the right of
Hon. I). E. Sickles to a seat m tills House as a Repiesent-
ativo troni the tllird district ol the Slate of New York, he,
and he is heieby, requned to serve upon the said Sickles,
within ten days aftei the passage of this resolution, a par-
lieulat statement of the giound^ of said couteH, and that
the said Sickles be, and he is hereby, ventured to serve
upon the said Williamson his answer thereto in twenty
days thei tatter; and that both paities be allowed si.uyilays
next after the service of said answer to take testimony ill
support of their .several allegations and denials before some
justice of the supreme court of the State of New York, le-
bidmg in the city of Now York, but in ail othei respects m
the manner prescribed in the act of Febiuaiy 19, 1851.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the House will bear
with me while I allude to the manifest impatience
which has been exhibited towards the committee
in the effort which has been made to bring up the
matters which have been referred to the Commit-
tee of Elections. The session is now well nigh
spent; there are seven cases before the committee;
and yet we have not been able to obtain the de-
cision of the House even upon the first prelim-
inary question which has been presented, xhe
House will readily see that something more than
this is due both to the contestants and to those
occupying the seats contested. The rules of this
House, for very good reasons, make this a ques-
tion of privilege, above all others; and, while I
dislike to force myself, as I have been obliged to
do for the last two or three days, upon the atten-
tion of the House, in my efforts to bring up this
question, I am confident that the House, upon a
moment's consideration, will justify us in urging
upon them the necessity of addressing themselves
for a few moments to the consideration of this im-
portant question.
The question presented in 'this report of tb@
Committee of Elections does not arise upon the
merits of the case, for as yet no evidence touching
the merits of the ease has been presented to the
committee; it arises from the peculiar action qf
the board of canvassers of the State of New
York and the position in which that peculiar
course of action has placed the contestant and
contestee in relation to the law of Congress of
1851, designed to prescribe a course of proceeding
in the contesting of seats in this House. •
Previous to thepassage of that law, Mr. Speaker,
(with the exccption.perhaps.of two years,) there
was no law of Congress, or any other law, regu-
lating the manner in which election cases should
be contested. There was, of course, no rule by
which these cases were to be conducted; and, of
course, there could be no settled practice as to the
manner in which they were to be conducted. In .
those of the States whore there were laws pre-
scribing the manner of contesting the elections of
State officers, it was the custom of the contestants
and contesteos to conform their proceedings, as
near as possible, to the rules so prescribed by the
State laws. But there were very few of the States
which had prescribed the manner of ;contegting
elections, and therefore, in most of the States,
each party was left to proceed in the manner in
which ho saw fit, if he desired to prepare before
the meeting of Congress for contesting the seat of
any member, or else to come to Congress and ask
them to prescribe the mode; and a recurrence to
the contested-election cases will show no uniform
rule, mode, or law of conducting these contests.
The most apparent of these difficulties was the
delay, when they were required to wait until the
meeting of Congress before any rule or method
was prescribed for taking testimony upon the
part of thecontestant before there could be a hear-
ing in his case, and in the fact that the contestee
was obliged to bo harassed while occupying bis
seat in the House. For those reasons it was de-
sirable that the testimony should be taken,as far.
as possible, before the meeting of Congress. This
was one difficulty. Another and a very serious
difficulty, prior to the passage of the law of 1851,
was, there was no method of procuring any testi-
mony to be presented to Congress, except such as
should be voluntarily given; for without an act of
Congress there was no process, there was no
court or magistrate authorized to take the testi-
mony of any individual to be used in contested-
election cases. The consequence was, thatno con-
tested-election cases could be investigated before
the sitting of Congress, except so far as they
rested upon documentary evidence, or such as
might be voluntarily given. No man who was an
unwilling witness could be compelled to attend.
No man who desired to relieve himself from giv-
ing an answer could be compelled to testify; and
no man could be compelled to testify under the
pains and penalties of perjury. It was voluntary
throughout. Nothing is clearer in law than that
nobody can be called upon to answer an indict-
ment for perjury except he who gives his testi-
mony under oath ill a matter prescribed or re-
quired by law. In the absence of any Federal
statute to that effect, there was no liuv, no provis-
ion fur the punishment of any body for refusing to
testify, or for testifying contrary to the truth in
any of these cases.
Such was the difficulty which existed previous
to the law of 1851. That Congress undertook to
prescribe a mode of procedure in contesting elec-
tion cases. They encountered at the outset a con-
stitutional difficulty; for the Constitution pre-
scribes that each House shall be the judge of the
election and of the qualification of its own mem-
bers. It was difficult for them to ascertain how
they could prescribe, by law, the method of con-
testing a seat in this House, which this House
itself was the sole judge of; for it seemed to them,
as will be observed by a recurrence to the debates
upon that bill, that it could hardly be said that any
particular House of Representatives could judgeof
the election and qualification of its own members,
if any previous House, or Senate, or Congress,
should first prescribe rules for them, bind ins* upon
them, and say that while they arc permitted to
judge of the election and qualification of their own
members, still they must judge in a particular
