1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. MORSE stated that he had paired with Mr.
Hawkins for one week, unless he (Mr. M.)
could set some one to take las placc.
Mr. TAYLOR said: Mr. Landrum, my col-
league, is not in the House, but he has so far re-
covered that his physicians rccommcndcd him to
ride out to-day. He could not, without some in-
conveiiicncc, be here at night; and Mr. Stewart,
of Pennsylvania, has kindiy consented to pair
with him to-day.
After the call,
Mr. GARTRELL moved to procecdtoaballot.
The motion was agreed to.
TWENTIETH BALLOT.
The House proceeded to the twentieth ballot for
Speaker, with the following result: "Whole num-
ber of votes cast, 212; necessary to a choice, 107;
of which—
Mr. Sherman received 103
Mr. MilUon  27
Mr. G timer  19
Mi. Boeoel;  10
Mr. Ilouuon  0
Mi. John G. Davi,  7
Mi Valhinduihain  6
Mi. Maynard  5
Mi. McQueen  3
Mi. Ili-So  2
Mi. Daiks-daln  2
Mi. Gteen Adam's  2
Mr. Branch  'J
Mr. Taylor  2
Mr. Iloraee F. Clatk  1
Mr. Malloiy    1
Mi. Admin    1
Mi. Brisss  1
Mr. Stevenson  1
Mr. Pugli  3
Mi. Lanabee  1
Mi. Miles  1
Mr. Maclay    1
Mi. Niblack  1
Mi. Phclp'?  1
Mr. Win>lo\v  1
Mi. Thomas  1
Mr. McClem.md  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Sherman—Messrs. Charles F. Adam1', Aldnen,
Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Beale, Bmgham, Blan, Dlake?Bt ay-
ton, Bullinton, Uuilmgamc, Buinham, Bunough-., Bnttei-
field, Campbell, Caiey, Carter, Ca^e, Colfax, Conldin/r,
Couvin, Covode,Cuitis, Dawe*, Delano, Duell, Dunn.Ed-
ferton, Edwaids, Ehot, Ely, Famsworth, Fcnton, Feiry,
'ostcr, F«anl\, t'lencb, Gooch. Graham, Grow, Guilcy,
Halo, flail, Ha^kin, flolmick, Hoaid, Humphrey, Hutch-
in*, Irvine, Junkin. FianeisYV. Kellogg, William Kellogg,
Konyon, Kiigore, Kilhnjjcr, DeWitt C. Leach, Lc, Long-
necker, .Looims, Loveioy, Marion, McKean. McKnight,
McPher?on, Mooihcad, Morrill, Edwaul Joy Morris, C/hn,
Palmer, Punnmjlion, Berry, Pcttit, Poitci, Pottei, Bottle,
Kiee, Christopher Ilobinsuu, Roycc, Schwmtz, fcioranion,
Somes, fepauld'ng, Sp'nner, Stanton, Tappan, Thayei,
Theakcr, Tompkins, Train, Tumble, Vandcver, Vcrree,
Wade, Waldron, Walton. CadvvaladerC. Washburn, Ell ilsu
B. Washbutno, Xsiacl Washburn, Wells,"Wilson, Window,
and Woodiuth
For Mr. Millson—Messrs. Allen, A^hmore, Avery, Bar-
rett. Bocock, Clemens, John B. Clark, Clopton, John Coch-
rane, Cox, 15in ton Craiij?, Do Jamotte, Edmund^on, Gar-
tiell, Hardeman, John T. Harris, Houston, Ilu^hes, Jone^,
Lojan, McOhMiiaiui, Xoell, Peyton, Scott, William Smith,
Tt.oma«, and Window.
i-'v/- 1J> Qihnr-r—Me^r-. Green Adam^, William C An-
den-on, Boteler, l>ou!i<i5y, Biab~-on, But#-, i3n>to\v, 11
Winter Davi->,Eiheiidg"}, J. Moiilion Iiain , Ilatton, IIill,
Janifj M. Loneh, Malloi\. NcK-on, Q,uarlot>, William N.
II. Smith, ritokc. and Webster.
For Mr. JJococ'c—MBaik?dale, Buich, Burned,
Ciawlo.d, Reuben Davis, IJmdman, Uunkc), Piyoi,Iluflm,
and Sinitns.
For Mr. Houston—Messrs. Bonham, Branch, Keitt, La-
mar, Millson, Niblack, Singleton, and Ta}lo:.
For Mr. John G. Davic.~~Mo^-rs. Ilowaid, Lanabec,
Montgomery, Isaac N. Moms, lligg*, Jamci C. Bobiiiaon,
and Sickles.
For Mr. T'uttundigham—Messrs. Boycc, Cuiry, Jackson,
Loake, Pendleton, nnd Chailcs D. Maitm.
For Mr. Muynard—Moasrs. Davidson, EngUsh, Floience,
Underwood, and Vance.
For Mr. Mc Queen—Mps«ts. Miles. Sydenham Moore, and
Push.
For Mr. Rigzs—Me^ts. Horace F. Clark and Reynold-*.
For Mr. i>aY/ct(.'«.'<~—Me^rd. Cobb and Cooper.
For Mr. Green -Messrs. Maynard and Laban T.
Mooie.
For Mr. Branch—Messrs. Reagan and Whiteley.
For Mr. Taylor— Messi  Foukc and Woodson.
For Mr. Horace F. Clark—Mr. Adiain.
For Mr. Mallory—Nr. Thomas L. Midcrson.
For Mr. J2drain-—!Sli. John G. Davis.
For Mr. Ihi&g?—Mr. G.inter.
For Mr. Stevcncon—Mr. llolmau.
For Mr. Pugh—Mr. Love.
For Mr. Larrahcc— Mr. Elbert S. Martin.
For Mr Miles—Mi. McQueen.
For Mr. Maclay—Mi. Meltae.
For Mr. Niblack—Mi. James A. Stewart.
For Mr. Phelpt—Mr. Stout.
For Mr. IVinsloic—Mr. \ allandigham.
For Mr. Thomas—Mr. Wr.ght.
For Mr* McCternand—Mr. riamilton-
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I do not think,
Mr. Clerk, that we can elect a Speaker for a
month. But if we resign, there can bv new mem-
bers elected in that time. I pioposo to gentlemen
oil the other side of the House, that th<* members
on this side will resign, if they do. [Laughter
and cries of "That's right."] The people will
pass upon us, and send new delegations here.
Mr. MOORE, of Xventucky. Let us organize
first, and then the people will understand what we
have done.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, (to Mr. Kil-
gore.) Do vou accept my proposition?
Mr. ICILGORE. I do.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I will put my
certificate in tho hands of the Clerk.
Mr. MOORKEAD. Tiiatisaverygood prop-
osition coming from a minority to a majority.
ADJOURNMENT OYER THE HOLIDAYS.
Mr. IvEITT. I move that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Tuesday.
Several Republican Members called for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. BONHAM. I move an amendment; that
the House adjourn till the second day of January
next.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. We have
no right, under the Constitution, to do that. We
ought to stay here and do the public business.
[Cries of " That is right!" from the Republican
benches.]
Mr. KEITT. Myjudgment is, that this House
would do the public business twice as well by ad-
journing over for a longer time.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I trust that no mo-
tion will be made to adjourn o\ cr to the 2d of Jan-
uary. 1 yielded the ilo( r in a spirit of courtesy,
and'perhaps too fiberaiiy. I want the gratifica-
tion of spooking to-morrow, and I claim it fiom
the covrn-xy as well as ftom the justice of the
I louse. I protect against ndjourmns, over. [Cries
of ■" Thatia*right!'' from the K<-publican benches.]
On that point I wish to speak to the gentleman
who spoke ycsteulay, as well vs on subjects ic-
ferred to m his remarks.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I submit a motion for an-
other halloi.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Jt was understood,
when 1 gave way for the taking of a vote, that
after that vote was taken, there would be v,n ad-
journment. I claim that that understanding shall
be cai lied out.
Air. KEITT. I do not want to let cp the gen-
tleman fiom Vin^irujt in the pangs of travail
[laughter] for a single moment. I withdraw my
motion.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move thru the
Hoe.se do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
twenty-ej^ht minutes past four o'clock, p. in.) the
House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
satckday, Dccnnber 24, 1859.
The House rnrt at twehe o'clock, m. Prayer
by Iter. Samlxl V, Ltxc u
The journal of yestcrdoj wo s read and approved.
Till: SPTHAKERtiUIP.
The CLERK stated the question to be on the ad-
missibility of the resolution ofiercd by Mr. Wins-
low, on Thursday last, on which Air. Smith, of
Virginia, wns entitled to the floor.
Mr BONHAM. Mr. Clerk, by the leave of
the honorable member from Virginia, I desire to
give notice to the House that after he shall have
concluded his speech, I shall endeavor to get the
floor, and move that the House proceed to ballotfor
Speaker, faithfully and throughout this day, with-
out intermission, [cries of " Right! " "Good!"
' from the Republican benches,] and, failing m
! that, I shall endeavor to get have of the House
to oiler a resolution. [Cnes ofs' Read for inform-
! ation."]
j The resolution was read, for information, as
; follows;
! Resolved, Thar, fiom and after to day, no vote for Speakei
, of this House shall be taken be:oi^ the hour of twelve,
J noon, on Wednecdav? the ninth day of January next; and
! when the House adiourns to-day, that it shall stand ad-
1 joursed til! Wednesday next.
! Messrs. SPAULDIKG, CRAIGE of North
I Carolina, and other members, rose to object.
The CLERIv. The resolution was only read
for information.
Mr. FOUKE. I would ask my friend from
Virginia to yield the floor to me for a brief period.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The .House will
perceive that I have been very courteous to gen-
tlemen in yielding the floor. I believe I yielded
the floor for two or three hours yesterday, and
now the gentleman from Illinois makes a furthfer
appeal to me. As they are settling a family
quarrel in Illinois, I do not well see howl canre-
fusc to yield him the floor, bccause I have estab-
lished the principle; I therefore yield to the gen-
tleman from Illinois, and trust that he will occupy
no more time than is necessary for perspicuity.
Mr. FOUKE. By the courtesy of my excel-
lent friend from the Old Dominion, I find that I
have an opportunity of 
Mr. GROW. I want to call attention to this
farming out the floor, to which gentlemen objected
so much yesterday. I do not object to it.
Mr. FOUKE., I would state to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that I have on one or two
occasions made unsuccessful attempts to get the
floor.
Mr. GROW, I hope the gentleman will not
consider me as making any objection myself. I
am only calling attention to the fact that gentle-
men who objected yesterday to farming out the
floor, do not object to-day.
Mr. SMITKf, of Virginia. I wish it distinctly
understood that I am not farming out the floor.
A Republican Member. What do you call it ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I yielded to other
gentlemen yesterday, and cannot well see how 1
can help yielding to the gentleman from Illinois
to-day. I am very anxious to proceed, and I will
certainly yield 110 more after the gentleman from
Illinois lias finished his remarks.
Mr. BRANCH. I would like to say to the
gentleman irom Pennsylvania, that the gentleman
who objected to farming out the floor yesterday,
[Mr. Ruffin,] is not now in his seat. I say this
in older that 110 injustice may be done to that gen-
tleman in supposing that he would object to one
gentleman farming out the floor and not object to
another.
Mr. FOUKE. I must return my sincere thanks
to the gentleman from Virginia for the opportu-
nity which he has afforded me of answering some
portions of the speech of my colleague [Mr. Patins-
lVoiiTii] yesterday. I will uotinflitton the House
wiiat is termed a set speech. That is Bomething
which I never do. All that I shall say shall have
relation to stubborn facts uncmbellished by rhet-
oric—facts bearing upon the matters under dis-
cussion.
My colleague TMr. Faiinsworjii] arraigned,
yesterday, the Illinois Democratic delegation 011
this floor, for their votes given in the House for
Speaker. He has defined'lus political position,
and, as I presume, the position of the Republican
party. He has also made an assault on Senator
Douglas, of the State of Illinois. I propose to
reply to him, on all of these points, as briefly as
possible.
Now, sir, why is it that gentlemen, on every
occasion, in season and out of it, will make at-
tacks upon the honorable Senator from Illinois ?
As to the comparison, attempted yesterday by my
colleague, between the views of that distinguished
Senator and the views set out 111 the Helper book,
1 can only say that it is unworthy of an answer
from me or any other Illinoittian. I say it with
all personal respect to my colleague. We have
nothing else to do but to pass it by in silent con-
tempt, for the history of Stephen A. Douglas is
upon the records of the country ;and can it be pos-
sible that a record of over twenty years' service in
the councils of the nation is to be wiped out by
the mere breath of a political opponent, who de-
clared upon tins floor yesterday, in substance,
that he would rather see any other man in tho
country elccted President than Stephen- A. Doug-
las? And that, I believe, is the prevailing senti-
ment of the Republican party of the UnitedBtatcs.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman mis- .
understood me, I think. I did not say that.
Mr. FOUKE. in substance, sir; I understood
my colleague to say so in substance. Their ha-
tred to Senator Douglas is deep in their hearts,
for many a heavy blow has he given them in my
native State—the State of Illinois.
Cut, sir, in order to set this matter entirely at
