1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Major Fitzgerald, be recommitted to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
It was so ordered.
ADJOURNMENT OS CONGRESS.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. 'I desire to give notice
that, on Monday next, I intend to introduce a res-
olution providing for the adjournment of Con-
gress. I have no doubt that if we had a resolu-
tion passed fixing the day for the adjournment of
the Senate and House, we should do as much
business in one day as we now do in two.
SENATE BILLS REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. PETTIT, the House then
proceeded to the consideration of bills from the
Senate upon the Speaker's table, for the purpose
of reference, with the understanding that no bills
should be brought back by motions to reconsider.
The following bills were then taken up and dis-
posed of, as indicated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 637) to settle the titles to cer-
tain lands set apart for the use of certain half-breed
Kansas Indians, in the Territory of Kansas, with
amendments. Referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
A resolution (S. No. 5) for supplying the Choc-
taw, Cherokee, and Chickasaw nations with such
copies of the laws, Journals, and public printed
documents, as are furnished to the States and Ter-
ritories. Read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Library.
A resolution (S.rfo.34).in relation to the works
of the exploring expedition. Read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Library.
A resolution (S. No. 273) for the relief of the
legal representatives of J. G. Martin. Pwead twice,
and referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
A bill (S. No. 271) for the relief of John P.
Brown. Read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
A bill (S. No. 268) for the relief of Mary K.
Guthrie, widow of Presly Guthrie. Read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
A bill (S. No. 255) for the relief of Elias Yulee,
late receiver of public moneys at Olympia, in
Washington Territory. Read twice, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (S. No. 253) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Wetonsaw, son of James Con-
ner. Read twice, and referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
A bill (S. No. 245) for the relief of Sweeney,
Rittenhouse, Fant&. Co. Read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
A bill (S. No. 244) for the relief of S. A. M.
Craven. Read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs
A bill (S. No. 241) for the relief of McFarlan
& Downey. Read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
A bill (S. No. 240) to confirm the title of Ben-
jamin E. Edwards to a certain tract ofland in the
Territory of New Mexico. Read a firstand sec-
ond time,and referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.
A bill (S. No. 237) for the relief of J. W. Dyer
and W. W. Dyer. Read a firstand second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
A bill (S. No. 235) for the relief of Willis A.
Gorman. Read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
' A bill (S. No. 232) for the relief of Frederick
L. Colclaser. Read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
A bill (S. No. 227) for the relief of Laura C.
Humber, widow of Charles H. Humber. Read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions.
A bill (S. No. 225) for the relief of Annie D.
ICeeves. Read afirst and second time,and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
A bill (S. No. 223) for the relief of J. J. Lints.
Read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
A bill (S. No. 222) for the relief of Mary Feath-
erstone, widowof John Featherstone. Read afirst
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
A bill (S. No. 95) for the relief of Elizabeth
Montgomery, heir of Hugh Montgomery. Read
a firstand second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee oil Revolutionary Claims.
A resolution (S. No. 35) providing for the ob-
servation of the eclipse of the sun, which will
occur on the 18th day of July next. Read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Library.
A bill (S. No. 416) to secure homesteads to actual
settlers on the public domain, and for other pur-
poses. Read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (S. No. 274) for the relief of Townsend
Harris, or his heirs or legal representatives. Read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
A bill (S. No. 285) for the relief of John Bran-
non. Read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
A bill (S. No. 281) for the relief of D. G. Far-
ragut. Read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
A bill (S. No. 441) for the relief of the heirs or
legal representatives of Jean Hudry. Read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr.TAPPAN. I move now that the House
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole
House, for the purpose of taking up the Private
Calendar.
CHOCTAW CLAIMS.
Mr. REAGAN. I ask the gentleman from New
Hampshire to allow me to have a letter of the
Secretary of the Treasury, in reference to the set-
tlement of the claims of Choctaws heretofore
made, taken up and referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. TAPPAN. I will not object, if no one else
does.
There being no objection, the letter was taken
up and so referred.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask the gentleman from
New Hampshire to allow me to oiler a joint res-
olution. It will take but a minute.
Mr. TAPPAN. There arc a dozen gentlemen
around me who also want me to yield for other
matters. I must insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House, (Mr.PnEi.rs in
the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
Private Calendar, commencing where the reading
was suspended on the last objection day.
The reading of the Calendar was proceeded
with, and such bilJsifswere not objected to were,
without debate, laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that they do pass.
NATHAN RANDALL.
A bill (H. R. No. 393) granting an invalid pen-
sion to Nathan Randall.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Nathan Randall, of New York,
on the invalid pension roll, at the rate of eight
dollars per month, and to pay him at that rate
from the 12th of January, 1858, during his nat-
ural life.
The report was read. It appears therefrom that
Randall enlisted m the service of the United States
as a private in company G, commanded by Cap-
tain Robert Anderson, in the third regiment Uni-
ted States artillery, commanded by Colonel Gates,
in September, 1846, for the term of five years,
and thathe was honorably discharged on or about
the 21st of September, 1851; that while in service,
and in the line of his duty, at the storming of
Chepultepec, in Mexico, he was wounded m the
forehead by a musket ball; that the wound has af-
fected his brain, and caused attacks of fits, which
he has ever since been afflicted with. Also, that,
while in the city of Mexico, in September, 1847,
he was attacked with Mexican diarrhea, which
became and continues to be chronic; that he is,
hy either one of these diseases, rendered unable
to obtain his subsistence by manual labor.
There being no objection, the bill was laid
aside, to be reported to the House with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
MARY J. MADDUX.
A bill (H. R. No. 394) for the relief of Mary
J. Maddux.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Mrs. Mary J. Maddux, widow
of Edward C. Maddux, of Kentucky, upon the
pension roll, at the rate of eight dollars per month,
commencing on the 21st of May, 1858.
The report was read. It appears therefrom that
Mary J. Maddux is the widow of Edward'Q.
Maddux, who was a lieutenant in the volunteers
from Missouri, in the Florida war,and afterwards
served as a private in Captain Hardin's company
of the fourth Kentucky volunteers, in tho war
with Mexico; that while engaged in such service
his health became permanently impaired, and con-
tinued so until the time of his death, which oc-
curred in Bardstown, Kentucky, May 21,1858-,
that the name of the deceased was inscribed on
the pension roll, at the rate of eight dollars per
month, on the 18th of July, 1851, and that he
continued to draw his pension up to the time of
his death. It further appears that he died in in-
digent circumstances, leaving the petitioner and
a daughter unprovided for, and that mother and
daughter are in feeble health, arid unable to do
anything whatever to obtain a living. '
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside,
to bo reported to the House with a recommend-
ation that it do pass.
CIIAUNCEY W. FULLER.
A bill (H. R. No. 395) for the relief of Chaun-
cey W. Fuller.
The bill directs the Secretary of the. Interior
to place the name of Chauncey W. Fuller upon
the invalid pension roll, at the rate of seventeen
dollars per month, to commence on the 1st of
April, 1858, and to continue during his natural
life.
The report was read,showingthefollowingstate
of facts: Fuller was in the service of the United
States in the war of 1812 between the United States
and Great Britain; that he enlisted therein on the
15th of June, 1812, at Middlebury, Vermont, in
Captain Butler's company of the second regiment
of light dragoons; thathe was inactive service
until 1816; was in service under General Dear-
born; was afterwards selected and sent to Green-
bush, in New York, for the purpose of military
drill; was afterwards appointed orderly sergeant,
and served under General Hampton. In Feb-
ruary, 1814, he proceeded, under the command of
General Wilkinson, to Cole's Mills, and was in
an engagement with the enemy. In the month <jf
July following he went to Chazee and Champl&in,
under General Izard, acting as drill-master; up-
turned to Plattsburg in August, wherehe remained
acting as sergeant, under the command of Genqral
Macomb; thathe was severely wounded by being
fired upon by a party of the enemy while recon-
noitering at the command of General Macomb;
the wound was in his right thigh, near the groin.
Before the wound healed he peformed light duty,
m the discharge of which the petitioner got thor-
oughly wet, and took cold in the wound, and was
confincd for six weeks. Afterwards he was ap-
pointed provision marshal, which position he held
until after the consolidation of the peace estab-
lishment at the close of 1815, when he was trans-
ferred to the corps of artillery, in Captain Church-
ill 's company, ofwhich company he was appointed
orderly sergeant. In the summer of 1816 he went
to Governor's Island, New York, and was dis-
charged in October of that year, filed an applica-
tion and papers in the Pension office for the pur-
pose of obtaining a pension under the act of
Congress granting pensions to invalid soldiers;
and the application was rejected on the grounds
" that he was not discharged until two yearsafter
he was wounded, and then, that he was so good
a man that he had to furnish two substitutes;" and
the Commissioner remarks that" from those facts
it is not conceived how his present disability can
be attributed solely to the wounds he received
forty years ago." It appears from the evidence
thathe is entirely disabled; and from his own affi-
davit, and that of several surgeons, that such dis-
ability is in consequence of the wounds received
as above stated.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommend-
ation that it do pass.
MICHAEL R. CLARK.
A bill (H. R. No. 336) for the relief of Michael
R. Clark.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
placc the name of Lieutenant Michael R. Clark on
the invalid pension roll, and pay him a pensionat
thirty dollars per month, instead of his present
