3144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
knowledge of it other than that which appears on
the face of the case here; but it does seem to mc
that you are putting the Printer of the Senate in
a-position where he must absolutely lose money.
Mr. FESSfiNDEN. ' I hope the vote will be
taken. It was understood that there was to be
no debate on this subject.
Mr. KING. I will briefly answer the Senator
from Pennsylvania: his inquiry, I think, is en-
titled to an answer. The present Printer of the
Senate has had thirty-three and a third per cent,
for the long session of Congress, at which much
the largest amount of printing for the whole Con-
gress is done; and if, by the contract, he has to
pay seven per cent, to Mr. Rives during the re-
mainder of the time, he will then have made, on
his whole contract through the Congress, a very
large sum of money.
Mr. BIGLER. That is not the point. I am
talking about what concerns Congress. Does the
Senator front jNew York suppose that any man
will retain the work at an expense to himself? I
suggest that this printing will necessarily be aban-
doned. The Senator will certainly agree that the
Printer of the Senate ought not to be compelled
to do the work at a loss.
Mr. KING. The Senator will excuse me. I
suppose it possible that it may>be abandoned,
though I do not think it will; but if it is, we shall
then have an end of the present system.
Mr. GREEN. I think we ought to legislate so
as to do justice to men while we take care of the
public interests. We elected a Printer; he made
this contract, as we are informed, and the con-
tractor has gone to great expense, expecting to do
the work for the whole Congress. Now, I really
think it a very great hardship to take away the
printing; for it does that. The reduction of forty
per cent, will force the Senate Printer to resign,
and the contract falls. I do not think we ought
to touch the subject until our new bill takes effect.
Our new bill, which has just passed the Senate and
House of Representatives, will guard against all
frauds, all exorbitant prices, and, I think, insure
the public printing 011 terms satisfactory to all. I
would prefer, therefore, that we should not under-
take to break down men who have spent from fif-
teen to twenty thousand dollars in preparing to
do this work, who have set up this very docu-
ment, and now have it stereotyped, ready to dis-
patch it, and can do it in a few weeks. But if you
cut down the price forty per cent., the Printer to
the Senate will resign, the contractor will throw it
lip, and then how are we to get the work done >
We are then to elect a new Printer; because the
other law does not take etl'eet yet. We shall have
to elect a new Printer; and who will accept the
office? Can we find anybody? Do we know
whether we can find a man or not? I think we
had better let. the thing work along as smoothly
and quietly as possible, and order as little print-
ing as we can got along with to subserve the public
interests.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question
on the amendment of Mr. DAvii.and declared that
it appeared to 1)0 carried in the affirmative.
Mr. HAMLIN. That throws (lie whole de-
bate open upon the other bill, and \vc will put it
on there, if we have votes enough.
Mr. ANTHONY. I call for the yeasand nays
upon the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like, if it is com-
petent now, to move an amendment, providing that
this reduction shall embrace the printing for this
entire Congress.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Mississippi is suscept-
ible of amendment.
Mr. SIMMONS. I ask the Senator from Mis-
sissippi if lie will not consent to an alteration,
providing that the reduction shall apply to the
whole printing of this Congress?
Mr. DAVIS. I am always apprehensive of
retrospective legislation. I think tile House were
right io taking the position that their reduction
should be prospective. I am willing to reduce it
as much as leaves a fair compensation and 110
more.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Mestrs. Bigler, Bragg, Blight,Chesnut, Critten-
den, Davis, FtepMriek, Green, Gwin, Hammond, Heinp-
liiil, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, 1,milam, Mal-
lory, Nicholson, Poarce, Poik, Poweti, Sebastian, Wigfall,
Wilson, and Y uiee—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Brown, Chandler,
Clark, Doolittle, Duikee, Fe'ssenden, Fitch, Fobter, Ham-
lin, Hunter, IveiNOn, King, Seward, Siidell, Sumner,
Toombs, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilkinson—21.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The joint, resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr, TRUMBULL. I think the resolution,
having received one amendment, ought now to be
so amended as to make it applicable to all the
printing of the present Congress; and I move to
! strike out the last clause of the resolution, in the
words, " this resolution shall take effect from the
passage thereof," and insert in lieu of it:
The punting done for the piesent Congiess shall be paid
for aeeoiding to the provisions ot this resolution.
Mr. HUNTER. I agreed to lay aside the
! appropriation bill with the understanding, as I
1 thought, that we were to decide this question at
once without debate. It seems now that we are
to have a long series of amendments and more
debate. I hope the Senate will agree to put the
appropriation bill back in its position, and go 011
with tnat.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will make that motion.
I moved to postpone the appiopriation bill for
tins, but 1 do not tlunk it is of any sort of conse-
quence to pass this joint resolution now. We
have passed one just like it as it now stands, and
it is 111 the House. I move that we take up the
appropriation bill again.
JL'lie motion was agreed to.
LEGTSTATTVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (H.
II. No. 339) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of J one,
1861, is before the Senate: and the question is 011
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Slideix] to the amendmentof the
House of Representatives to the seventh amend-
ment of the Somite. The amendment of Ae Sen-
ator from Louisiana is to strike out all of the
amendment of the House of Representatives after
the word " that," and insert: w/
The pricc-s of tlx* public printing ioi the uvo House> of
Congress, and for the incentive Derailments, tlmum the
present Congress, Miall tie twenty-five per cent- less> than
the prices now allowed by law.
Mr. KING. I had apprehensions in the be-
ginning that theie was great doubt whether there
was ability, 011 tile pai t oftho.se who were opposed
to the present price;; of printing, to pass an act to
reduce those pi-lees. It seems to me that if we
were going about eontriv mg liow to avoid action,
we could scarcely manage it better. 1 have yielded
to others; but my preference is for my original
proposition, which was to amend the House
amendment. 1 suppose, as the motion of the Sen-
ator from Louisiana is to strike out the entire
amendment of the House, it will be in order to
nunc to amend it befoic stiiking it out, by add-
in"' the amendment which I promised before.
'The PRE.S1 DING OFFICER. Tin.t is accord-
ing to the rule; but the Senator withdrew his
amendment.
Mr. KING. Is it not in order to amend the
House amendment before taking the question on
striking it out?
The'PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. KING. Then I propose to add the words
which aie flow offered by the Senator from Lou-
isiana to the amendment of the House.
Mr. HUNTER. It is in order to move to
amend words proposed to be stricken out, but it
is not in order to move an addition before the
question is taken on striking out.
Mr. KING. Before the. vote is taken on strik-
ing out, I propose to add certain words.
Mr. HUNTER. That is not in order.
Mr. SUDELL. The Senator from New York
is mistaken as to a point of fact. My motion
docs not strike out all the House amendment, but
on the contrary amends it.
Mr. KING. I understood the Clerk to read it
as a proposition to strike out all the amendment.
Let it be read again,
Mr. SLIDELL. Let the House amendment
be read, and then my amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment of the House,
Mr. KING. Is not the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Louisiana to strike out the House
amendment, and insert a substitute? Nowl make
my motion to amend the House amendment be-
fore the question shall be taken 011 striking itout.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New York moves to amend the amendment
of the House, by adding at the end of it:
Provided further, That the prices of printing for the two
Houses of Congress, and for the Executive Departments,
during the present Congress shall be twenty-five per centum
less than those now allowed by law.
The question is on adding these words to the
amendment of the House before the vote is taken
upon striking out that amendment.
Mr. ICING. Another suggestion is made, to
add "except the Post Office blanks, now pro-
vided for by contract." I include these words in
my amendment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am very well per-
suaded that nothing will be done on this bill in
concurrence between the two Houses on this sub-
ject. I wish, if I can be allowed now to do so,
to enter a motion for the reconsideration of the
vote last taken on the yeas and nays. I intend
to change my vote whenever I have; an oppor-
tunity of doing so, and to vote against all amend-
ments, and for the adoption of the joint resolution
of the House.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion to
reconsider will be entered. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from New York, to add
the words he proposes to the amendment of the
House.
Mr. ANTHONY called for the yeas and nays;
and they were oidered.
Mr. HUNTER. I shall vote against the prop-
osition of the Senator from New York, because,
as 1 understand it, he wants to add it to the amend-
ment of the House, which provides for a different
distribution of the printing. The effect of adding
that to it will be, that when the Senate comes to
vote down the other, all will bo gone; but I will
vote for the proposition of the Senator from Louis-
iana, who proposes to substitute the twenty-five
per cent, reduction for the proposition of the
House in regard to the distiibutiou. 1 will vote
for the reduction, but not jn the form in which
the Senator from New York proposes, because
he wants to couple it with a different mode of
distributing the printing between the Printers of
the two Houses. On the other hand, the Senator
from Louisiana proposes this induction as a sub-
stitute for the proposition for a different distri-
bution.
Mr. KING. The propositions for reduction,
thus far, have been original propositions in each
House in winch the other has not coneui ted; and
wo have now appended to this appropriation bill
a proposition from the House which is favorable
to their Printer, and conceded to be so. That is
their object. They say the division of the print-
ing is unfair. About that I care nothing; it is
a matter of no sort of importance to me which of
the Printers docs this pri^tin^; and 1 would not
take any time or trouble about that. I3ut it was
conceded here by gentlemen, when I yielded and
waived my amendment to take the vote on the
proposition of the Senator from Indiana, that it
was not at all likely that the House would agree
to this amendment, if it was moved as an entire
substitute for theirs, rejecting their proposition in
toto. I therefore prefer that it shall be appended
as an amendment to theirs, and go with it, andlet
both go together. If the Senate rejects this and
rejects the other, I shall move to put it in a sepa-
rate form. 1 am desirous to get it in any way.
The difficulty which it seems to me there is, is
in procuring the assent of a majority to put it in
any way. We postponed this bill to take up the
bill of the Senator from Indiana, on the intima-
tion and suggestion that that was to be adopted
unanimously without debate. When the Senate
came to divide, lo! and behold, a majority was
against it; and it seems to mc there is an indispo-
sition to pass anything on the subject.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll upon
the amendment of Mr. King.
Mr, GREEN at first voted in the negative, but
when the call of the roll was completed said: I
ask leave to withdraw my vote. This question,
I see, appears to assume rather a party aspect,
and I had paired off with the Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] whom I do not see in
his seat. It is justice to him that I should with-
draw my vote.
