236
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 24,
rest, on both sides of the House, I will state here
how the honorable Senator from Illinois stands,
so far as I am acquainted with his political his-
tory, on the topics of the day. I do not speak
by authority, but I have heard him upon every
stump in the State of Illinois, and I believe that
1 know his political sentiments about as well as
most m",n in the State, or out of it. Stephen A.
Douglas stands upon the Cincinnati platform,
and he desires nothing else than that it should be
adopted at the Charleston Convention, without
the crossing of a t or the dotting of an i. He, sir,
will support the nominee of that convention, and
uo it in good faith; and so will the Democracy of
the State of Illinois. We do not come hern for the
purpose of quarreling* with anybody. We do not
here prepared to maintain our rights and to repel
any assault that may be made upon us, or any of
oar friends, in any shape or in any manner that
may be proposed. That is the*position that we
f-'om the State of Illinois occupy. We recognize
oil as Democrats who act as such. We have
buried past differences, and recognize every man
as a Democrat who stands* by Democratic princi-
ples and the Democratic organizarion. And he
who now stands outside of the Democratic organ-
ization ought not to go to the Charleston conven-
tion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the gentleman will
allow me, I would like to ask him one question.
Mr. FOUKE. One moment, if you please. X
have remained silent during the whole of this pro-
tracted discussion, and have not attempted to in-
terrupt any gentleman, or to raise my voice ex-
cept to vote. I did not intend to have addressed
the House on the present occasion, but circum-
stances have impelled me to come forward, and I
hope my colleague will excuse me, as I do not
desire to be interrupted.
Mr. FARJNSfWOilTH. Certainly; but I should
like to have the floor to put the question to my
colleague when he concludes.
Mr. FOUKE. ll the gentleman desires to say
anything personal to himself, I will yield to him
with pleasure.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. t simply wish to ask
my colleague whether Mr. Docolas will supporl
a candidate upon a platform upon which he would
not be a candidate himself?
Mr. FOUKE. I will answer for myself.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Dougi.as said that
he would not boacandidate unless nominated upon
a platform which recognizes his principle of the
right of the people* of a Territory to legislate
against slavery. 1 want my colleague to wy if
Mr. Douglas would support another man upon
a platform which he would not himself be a can-
didate upon?
Mr. FOUKE. 1 will s:iy this, once for all, to
the Democracy of the North and of the South,
that Stephen A. Doi*glas and the Illinois De-
mocracy will support the nominee of the Charles-
ton convention. Is that enough ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. On any platform.
Mr. FOUKE. J will, before I get through,
explain why I will support the nominee of the
Charleston convention in opposition to the Black
Republican candidate with the views entertained
by that party, if I can be so successful as to make
myself understood.
Now, sir, J was sorry to hear my friend from
Mississippi [Mr. Singleton] declare the other
day that he would not support the nominee of that
convention under certain contingencies. After
making that declaration* I presume that that gen-
tleman will not pretend to go into the Chaileston
convention. I suppose that no gentleman who
has a mental reservation that he wit! not, under
some circumstances, support the nominee of that
convention, will go into it. Let me illustrate:
suppose that that gentleman and myself had a mat-
ter in controversy, an unsettled account, and, to
avoid a protracted litigation, it should be submit-
ted to arbitration: would it be right and proper
- that I should go into that arbitration with a mental
reservation that I would abide by the decree if it
was in my favor and would repudiate it if it was
against me
Now, sir, I hold that we are to take the Cin-
cinnati platform as it i<?, as the fundamental law of
the party until it shall he altered by competent
authority, flense it is, tlwt we deny theriphtof
any man to make a test upon us. "We make no
test upon any member of the party, and we utfcr]y
donythe right of anymanor set of men, from any
section of ?he country, to make a test upon us.
in this connection, 1 ask the Clerk to read the
resolutions which I send to the desk, os defining
the position of the Illinois Democracy.
The Clerk read, ay follows:
Colonel McClernand, from the committee to prepare
resolutions for the consideration oi the convention, made
the following report; winch was read, and, on motion, each
resolution was separately read and unanimously adopted :
" 1. Resolved, That the Democratic party of the State oi
Illinois, through hei delegate? in general convention assem-
bled, do reassert anil declare the principles avowed by them
as when, on sormei occasions, they have presented then
candidates foi popular suffrage.
"2. Resohed, That they aic unalterably attached to, and
will maintain inviolate, the principles declared by the na-
tional convention at Cincinnati, in June. 1856.
" o. Resolved, That they avow with renewed energy their
devotion to the Federal Umoa of the United States, their
earnest desire to avert sectional strife, then determination
to maintain the r-overeignty oi the States, and to protect
every State, and the people thereof, in all tlieii constitu-
tional rights.
114. Resolved, That the platform of principles eetablished
by the National Democratic Convention at Cincinnati u the
only authoritative exposition of Democratic doctrine, and
that they deny the right of anypowei on earth, except a like
body, to change ot interpolate that platform, or to proscribe
new and different tests; that they will neuuer do ir them-
selves, nor permit it to be done by others, but will recognize
nil men as Democrats who btand by and uphold Democratic
principles."
Mr. FOUKE. Mr. Clerk, those are the res-
olutions adopted at the State convention of Illi-
nois, introduced into that body by my talented
colleague, [_Mi. McClciintand.'| They explain
the position of our party in Illinois. Now, with
this position and Senator Douglas as our leader,
who has fought five hundred battles for the Dem-
ocratic parry and not one.against it, what Dem-
ocrat in any section of the country will stand up
and charge the Illinois Democracy or Judge
Douglas with treason to that party ? We, in Illi-
nois, as I said before, regard a man who has stood
for twenty years in the front ranks, in every bat-
tle we have ever had, as one who cannot be charged
with treason to tin; Democratic paity. I will say
to my friends of the South that our political con-
tests in Illinois are more in the nature of revolu-
tions than ordinary political contests: they are
revolutions, sweeping over the whole State, from
Cairo to Chicago, from the mouth of the Ohio to
Lake Michigan. You fight these Republicans at
u distance, and know nothing of the trials and
difficulties of the Democratic party in Illinois; yet
I find some Democrats Froi  your section who ore
willing to announce to the House that under cer-
tain circumstances they will not support the nom-
inee of the Chorlebtoli convention. I tak^ it for
granted that any man who takes this po.sinon
estops himself from going into or taking part m
that convention. W<j, the Democrats of a f;ee
State, stand between the two extremes. You fight
your battles over out heads.
Again, gentlemen from the extreme North have
nothing to do but yield to the prejudices of their
constituents, and they are floated'into seats upon
this floor which they may retain for a lifetime.
Gentlemen from the South have nothing to do
but to yield to the extreme prejudices of then-
constituents, and the effect is the same; but wc,
the Democrats of Illinois, if we come here al all,
must come by virtue of the strength and justice
of our appeals to the people; we, cannot come
otherwise. These truths are attested by public
experience. We stand constantly trembling for
fear that by some, indiscretion of our friends we
may be swept away—swept into political non-
entity. 1 jisk gentlemen from the South that they
will commit uo indiscretion that, shall make it
more difficult for us to sustain ours( Jvs, and con-
sequently than and the great Democratic party.
We are willing to stand by you to the last. We
are willing to carry the flag of the Democratic
party into the thickest of tin4 light. We are will-
ing to forget th  past and bury past grievances.
Now, then, Mr. Clerk, one word m regard to
my colleague, who addressed the House yester-
day, and ins excellent fr;end, John Wcntwonh,
the editor of the Chicago Demoeivf. I know his
answer exactly, if I v,vr< to ce>!{ hnn who John
Wentworth is? He i,s tm* m: n who baptizt- d the
Republican party m Illinois Be ^ tin4 man who
designated the tun" and piece lor holding the Re-
publican convention of the State of Ulinms
dates for that convention. He is really the embod-
iment oi' the Republican party of that State. My
colleague wiii no' gainsay that declaration—never,
never; because my colleague is one of his peculiar
proteges, trained by him in all his political opin-
ions, some of which he has attempted to main-
tain upon this floor. That is the truth.' But,
although avoiding some of his opinions and doc-
trines, he will not avow all of them, lest he might
injure the Republican party 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My colleague is alto-
gether mistaken, He is not posted.
Mr. FOUKE. They know very well in north-
ern Illinois that the sentiments of John Went-
worth are the sentiments of the Rcpubhcun party.
John Wentworth has never been the candidate for
any local office that my colleague has not been
foremost in the fight, anil in his endeavors to carry
the contest to a successful termination.
Now, sir, for the sake of showing my friend ?s
sympathy with John Wentworth, and that John
Wentworth did sympathize with John Brown, I
ask the Clerk to read the following extract from
the Chicago Democrat, Wentworth's paper.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"The old gentleman (Brown) is still alive, and likely to
recover, and talks to the slaveholders like a bold and con-
scientious man—one who was not afraid to die in the cause
ot human liberty; while some papers, professing to be
friendly to that cause, are cowardly setting their sau.s to
the justification of his martyrdom, merely because they
tear that lus zeal will hurt an organization out of which
they hope to {jet office. Had such papers existed in the time
of the American Revolution, their sensibilities would have
been awfully allocked at the many outrages which the revo-
lutionists pvipetrated upon the traitors and lories of those
dti\>. Wu think we hear them crying { Do not hurt the
party.'"
Mr. FOUKE. Thatwaspubhahedin the Chi-
cago Democrat soon after John Brown was im-
prisoned. Do not hvrt the party I And I think I
heard the leaders of the Republican party on the
other side of the House say to my friend yester-
day—" do not hurt the party;" and this accounts
for the studied silence, of which so much lias been
said. Hurting the party is what you are afraid
of. it is well known that the sentiments you
proclaim among your constituents, you dare not
utter upon this floor. Now allow me to read an
extract which appeared in the same paper, a few
days after the one which has just been read:
"Tim* cry of hinting the party used to alarm u.s. Wo
u?cd to tcc its ghost nights, but now we oaie only for prin-
ciples; and we are going wherevci those principles lead us;
anil ilu.re is nothing that old Oc^awatomie Drown can do
that \\ ill throw the least spot or blemish upon those princi-
ples.
'•Old Os^awatomie stands out like Kosciusko, Emmet,
&o:-.uth, Ganbaidi, and other lenders of unsuccessful rev-
olutions. Oid Brown did not intend to enslave anybody,
ill: object v  a.- freedom; freedom to every person tiiat was
accountable ti> Almoin God for Inn action*.
Whai- is  the 10 publican party for? For freedom!
What is all the money <nven to the undeiground railroad
f<n5 For fjecdom' JN'ow, every one that gives a dollar
for the Demociatic party in Kansas, for the underground
railroad, for Cuban oi tfouth American filibusters, or for
importing slaves into mis country from the coast of Africa,
is just as guilty as old Brown.5'
I now call upon my Democratic friends to reflect
for a moment. You see the kind of men we have
to fight, when fightmg your battles with our own;
and my colleague dare not rise in his place here
and denounce John Wentworth for these incendi-
ary sentiments. If he did, he could not return to
Congress with Wentworth's approbation. There-
fore, I say that the Republican party in the North
is abolitionized.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman ap-
peals to me, mid i suppose he cxpects an answer.
I ask the gentleman whether he does not believe,
with Wentworth, that those who give money for
piratical raids into Nicaragua or other friendly
countries, and who assist in lho importation of
slaves from Africa to this country, are "equally
guilty with old John Brown r"
Mr. FOUKE. I wiii answer that question in
this way. I do nor hve upon those borders, and
I know nothings about those raids. I live in a
civilized community—I liope so at least, though
it rn^y not be such in my colleague's estimation
—and J do say that a man who will indorse John
Brown m that manner deserves the same fate as
John Brown.
Mi. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman has
not answered my question. I asked the gentleman
whether men who engage tn forays into neighbor-
ins: nations, for the purpose of extending the area
of slaver)-, or engage in the African slave trade,
