1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of invalid naval pensioners, at the rate of six dol-
lars per month, commencing on the 10th of Jan-
uary, 1857, and to continue during his natural
life.
It appears from the report, which was read,
that Hanson has been in the naval service of the
United States twenty-one years; and has, during
that period, sustained a good reputation for cor-
rect habits and for efficiency and fidelity as a sea-
man. He is now old and poor, and suffering
under injuries received while on board the frigate
United States, under the command of Comftiander
Williamson, m 1837. The injury was a rupture
of the groin, and is fully established by proof
derived from the surgeon and other officers of the
ship.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
JOSEPH FILES.
A bill (H. R. No. 405) granting an increase of
pension to Joseph Files. [Objected to by Mr.
Gartrell.]
PHEBE ANN SCHOCKLEY.
A bill (H. R. No. 406) granting a pension to
Phebe Ann Schockley. [Objected to by Mr.
Bornett.]
EZEKIEL JONES.
A bill (H. R. No. 407) granting an invalid pen-
sion to Ezekiel Jones.
The bill directs .the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Ezekiel Jones on the invalid
pension roll of the United States, at the rate per
month allowed by law for a captain in the Navy,
to commence on the 1st of January, 1859, and
continue during his his natural life.
It appears from the report, which was read,
that Ezekiel Jones was in the service of the Uni-
ted States for over forty years, in the Army and
Navy. He held a commission as captain in the
revenue marine for thirty years; the proof shows
that ho discharged his duty faithfully. During
the Florida war, Captain Jones was captain of the
cutter Washington. This case was before Con-
gress in 1838; but, owing to his then acting as
captain of a vessel, was rejected; but at the time
this application was made, in 1858, lie had not
been a commander for over three years. His
services in the .Navy embrace nearly all the time
of the war of 1812 to 1815. It further appears
that ho was severely wounded on the brig Siren,
in an engagement with the enemy near the coast
of Africa, as is proved by the affidavits of Sur-
geons Swift and John Anders, and Pursers Coop-
er and J. Merrick; it also appears that he is to-
tally disabled on account of a wound in the leg,
made by a hook in saving a vessel in a storm, in
which he succeeded, Captain Jones then com-
manding a revenue cutter.
Mr. MALLORY. How much does this bill
allow ?
Mr. STOKES. I do not remember what is the
amount allowed by law in such cases. My im-
pression is that the amount is fourteen or sixteen
dollars a month.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to amend the bill by
making it provide for granting a pension of six-
teen dollars a month, to commence from and after
the passage of this act.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to; and the bill, as amended, was then
laid aside, to be reported to the House with a
recommendation that it do pass. .
DANIEL BEDINGER.
A bill (H. R. No. 415) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Daniel Bedinger, deceased.
The bill directs the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury to settle the account of Daniel
Bedinger, deceased, as lieutenant in the conti-
nental service in the line of Virginia during the
revolutionary war, and to allow his legal repre-
sentatives compensation equal to half pay for life;
to be paid to the legal representatives of Daniel
Bedinger, without interest.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Read the report in the
The CHAIRMAN. There is no report.
'Mr. CRAWFORD. I object.
Mr. BOTELER. I am under the impression
that there is a report in this case-. 1 happen to
know something of the facts in this case.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill being objected
to, debate is not in order.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Opportunity will be of-
fered on the next private bill day for discussion.
Mr. BOTELER. We have been waiting for
this case to come up for a long time.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I withdraw my objection
to hear a brief statement from the gentleman from
Virginia. I hope the bill will pass. I want the
representatives of every revolutionary soldier of
Virginia, South Carolina, North Carolina, and
Georgia, together with all the poor and decrepit
of those States, to come here and ask Congress
to grant them pensions. I hope all those, too,
who served in the war of 1812, or the Creek war,
or any other war since the beginning of the Gov-
ernment, will come up and get pensions. I want
the reporters to put down what I say, in order
that it may go to the country. I want them all to
come here at the very next Congress, and put in
their claims; for this House will pass anything
that is asked for, whether it be right or wrong.
[Laughter.]
Mr. STANTON. I wish to inquire whether
this is not one of the cases where five years' com-
mutation of pay has been given? If this case
comes within the provisions of the pension bill I
must object.
Mr. BOTELER. Mr. Bedinger did not receive
his commutation.
Mr. STANTON. Five years'commutation ?
Mr. BOTELER. He did not receive it.
Mr. STANTON. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. BOTELER. This Mr. Bedinger was a
school-boy when thcrevolutionary broke out. He
was made ensign, and the flag he bore was iden-
tical in its character with that which had been
carried by the minute-men of Virginia some
months before. The device was a rattlesnake
ready to strike, with the motto, " Don't tread on
me." It was the first flag carried across the Po-
tomac. He discharged his duty up to the time
of the battle of Fort Washington. He was a
prisoner for two and a half years, and on his
release, he served faithfully to the end of the war.
He was entitled to commutation of pay, but he
did not receive any. His representatives ask for
nothing but what justly belongs to them; and I
hope the bill will pass.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out the words
"legal representatives" and insert "lineal de-
scendants."
The amendment was adopted; and the bill, as
amended, was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
EDWARD N. KENT.
An act (S. No. 74) for the relief of Edward N.
Kent.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to Edward N. Kent, of New
York, §20,000 in full compensation for the per-
petual use, in all the present and future minting
establishments of the United States, of the appa-
ratusfor separating gold and other precious metals
from foreign substances of which he is the invent-
or and patentee; provided he shall have first se-
cured to the United States the perpetual use of the
apparatus to the satisfaction of the. Secretary of
the Treasury.
The report states that the petitioner is the in-
ventor of an "apparatus for separating gold and
other precious metals," which lias been secured
to him by letters patent, dated December 4,1855,
and February 26, 1856, respectively. Mr. But-
terworth, superintendent of the assay office at
New York, in a letter to the chairman of the com-
mittee, dated January 20, 1857, says: "In the
operations of melting and refining, a considerable
portion of the precious metals will be temporarily
absorbed by the crucibles and fluxes, and mixed
with the ashes of the furnace and the sweepings
of the floors. A large amount of material thus ac-
cumulates, from which, by some method, the pre-
cious metals must be recovered. The amount thus
recovered at this office isabouttwo hundred thou-
sand dollars per year. A portion still remains, how-
ever, mixed with the materials which have been
subjected to the processes employed. This residu-
um is technically termed 'sweep,' and it has been
the practice of the Government to sell this sweep
to the smelters of this country and of Europe."
It has been proved that the method^ employed in
minting operations, previous to the invention and
employment of Mr. Kent's apparatus, for the pur-
pose of recovering the precious metals thus accu-
mulated, wasexceedingly imperfect and defective.
It was very prejudicial to the health, of persons
exposed to the operation, by reason of the large
quantities of fine dust liberated in sifting-—rso much
so, in one instance, as to cause deatli. It wastat-
pensive, requiring a large amount of labor, eru*
cibles, and fluxes; and it occasioned a-very-con-
siderable percentage of yearly loss in the s-we^p
sold, namely: ten to twelve cents pgr pound,
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass, t
JOEL M. SMITH.
A bill (H. R. No. 421) for the relief of Joel
M. Smith.
The bill directs the proper accounting officer of
the Treasury to pay to Joel M. Smith a sum equal
to two per cent, on all moneys disbursed by him
as agent for paying pensions prior to February
15,1847, and for which he may not have received
compensation.
It appears from the report that the claimant
served as agent for paying pensions at Nashville,
Tennessee, from January 1,1840, to February 20,
1847, and for that service has received no com-
pensation. Ha asks a commission of three per
cent, on the amount disbursed. The committee
report a bill for his relief, reducing his claim to
two per ccnt., which is the commission now al-
lowed bylaw for the same service. Congress has
made the same allowance to other agents, the last
being at the first session of the Thirty-Fifth Con-
gress, to the legal representatives of Daniel Hay,
m which case interest was allowed from the date
of the petition. The committee allow compensa-
tion when the agency was not in banks, or in
persons using the pension fund for banking pur-
poses.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like to inquire of
the gentleman who reported that bill, whether it
is in conflict with the general usages of the Gov-
ernmpntin relation to the compensation of pension
agents ? If it is in violation of the existing laws,
we might as well pass a general law at once, if we
are to provide different compensation in special
cases.
Mr. WALTON. I will say to the gentleman
from Alabama, that this is consistent with the act
of 1847. All the agents under that law received
precisely the compensation which this bill pro-
vides for.
Mr. HOUSTON. Why, then, "was not this
agent paid under the general law'
Mr. WALTON. This is for services rendered
prior to the passage of that law.
Mr. BURNETT. I understand, then, this to be
the fact: there was a general lawpassed embrac-
ing all the pension agents acting as such after
1847. It is now proposed to go back of that law
and give special compensation to this agent. I
object.
WILLIAM LYON.
A bill (Ii. II. No. 86) for the relief of William
Lyon, late pension agentatKnoxville,Tennessee.
The bill directs the proper accounting officer of
the Treasury to pay to William Lyon, late pen-
sion agent at Knoxville, Tennessee, the sum of
$617 51, with interest thereon from the 20th of
October, 1852, being the amount of a judgment,
with costs, that day recovered by the United States
in the circuit court for the district of East Ten-
nessee, again st Lyon and his securities, for moneys
retained by him as his commissions, at the rate of
two per cent, on his disbursements as such agent,
prior to the act of Febiuary 20, 1847.
Mr. BURNETT. I withdraw my objection
to House bill No. 421 for the relief of Joel M.
Smith, for this time, to gratify gentlemen; but I do
beg gentlemen who have claims before the House
to permit me to exercise my own judgment in ref-
erence to my action upon the floor of this House.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
the bill will be laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to going back un-
til the bill which has just been read has been dis-
posed of.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
the bill will be laid aside.
Mr. HOUSTON. Istatedasplainly.aslcould
that I objected to passing the bill which has just
been read.
The Clerk then read the report in the case of
William Lyon.
