238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 24,
who will act thus are not to be trusted in critical
times in public affairs; men who arc willing to
strike at their opponents and fellow-citizens—a
blow at the very Constitution itself, in other
words—would sign in blank the death-warrant
of the Union and leave the time of (lie execution
to. the executioner himself. Men who would
be guilty of acts of this charactcr, I say, deserve
the condemnation and execration of the civilized
world. Sir, it. is not. necessary to read from the
report which I hold in my hand proof in regard
to the murderous intent and acts of John Brown
in Kansas. I de&ire, however, to do it, in order
that these things may go to my constituents that
I may-be justified for the invective that I have
this day pronounced against that miserable crea-
ture, John Brown. I ask the Cleik to read the
passages w.hicli I have marked.
The Clerk read, as follows:
(l Alton Wilkinson was a member of the Kansas Legis-
lature, a quiet, inoffensive man. His widow, Louisa Jane
Wilkinson, testifies that, on the night of 24th May last,
between the liouis of midnight and <U\ bieak, she thinks,
a parly ofinoncametothe limine wheiethey were residing
and forcibly carried her husband away; that they took him
in the name of the 'northern army,' and that next morn-
ing he was found about one hundted and fiity yard-> fiom
the house dead. Mrs. Wilkinson was voiy ilJ at the time
with measles. Here follows an extract fiom her affidavit:
II hegqed them to let Mr. Wilkinson stay with me, sajing
that t was sick and helpless, and could not stay by myscl*'.
My husband aiso asked them to let him stav with me until
he could get some one to wait on me; told them that he
would not nm off, but would be theic the next dav,or
whenever called lor; the old man who seemed to be m
command looked at me. and then aiuund at th" ehddieu,
and implied, ' you have uemhboi*. I > url, - so f have, but
they ate not lieie, and 1 cannot j>o A>, them.1 The old nsin
lephcdjk it matters not,; and told hitn io t\t le.ulv. Mv
husband wanted to put on his hoot*, cnal ;rer u\uh, m> a-to :
be protected ftom the damp and msbt an', hut the\ would
notlethim. They then took my husband awaj
* * "'Alter they were gone I thought I heard my i
husband's voice in complaint.'•' * « < < \
'"Next morning Mr. WilkinsonV body was found about
one hundred and titty yards from the house, m some dead
buish. A lady, wlio saw my hti&band's body, said that there
wa«. a gash in his head and his side. Othci> said that he
was cut in the throat twice.5 Mr. Wilkinson wa«? a poor
man, and of eouise his widow was left destitute; hut, ic-
gai'dlct? of this fact, they took away somo propeity, in-
cluding the only hoiro they had. Mr.--. Wtlkm.-on \va-< pte-
gented at Westpoit, Mi^oun, with the noee-san moan*, to
go to her fathoi's in Tennessee. She Im* two small chil-
dien. Mis WilkinsonV descnptum of the leader of the
men who rnuideiod herhnvbnnd^uin Captain John IStown,
a well Known ehaiactci in the Abolition pany. She ^a>s
that hor husband was a qmef man, and was not eiujiigod m
arresting or dhtmbing an) body. He took no active part m
the pro-slavciy cause, 5=0 as to aggravate the Abolitionists;
but he was a pio-slaveiy man.
"The cncunmanees attending William Sherman's as-
sassination are testified to by Mr. James Ham*, of Frank-
lin county, Kansas. Mr. Sheunan w;i< Maying over night
at the house ot Harris, when, on the night of the -J*lth of
May, about two o'clock, Captain John Biown and pattv
came thoie, and gjtei taking some property and questioning
Ilauisand otheis. Sheimun was a«ked to walk out. Ah.
Ilaiii'-, in las affidavit, '-aj 4 : *<)id man Blown a->ked Mr
Sheiman to go out with him, and Sherman then weiit ou(
wilh IJtoun. J heani nothing mote toi about fifteen min-
utes. Two ol the 'northern nina/a; they >-t\led t')"in-
rtaid wifh 11-< until we heaid a < ap bin aud then
these jwo men left. Next mornni", about urn o'etnek, f
found William Pheiman dead in the creek near m> hou-e.
I wa  looking f oi him; a.* ho had not eome inek. ithought |
ho had bora miudered. I took Mi. William f-h^man (bo<h ) !
out of the c-teck and examined U. Mrs. Whiteman wa^ |
with me. ShennanN skull wa*; split open in two place-*, ;
and some, of his biam* weie war bed out by the vr..tei; a
large hole was em in his Ineasr, and his loir hand was cut
off. evept a httle p.eee. of sk.n on one side.'''
"In relation to the a ra-^mation of Jame> P. Dojle and
<;on«, the afiidav.t <,f Mi>. Mahal.1 D<n !<>, the widow .«d mo-
ther, wa-; pioeuied. William l)o;l«\one of the nmidoied,
was tweu'y-two >cai : of age ; Dsuiy Dojle, the othei, u.v-*
twentv ye,us of e-je. Mi Doyle wa- left vny poor, v. ah
four oh 1 Id 1 en—on" of 1 hen only eejlit veai jo!d—to • uppn.t
Mis. Doyle uMilh' • - That a paifv ot aimed men came to
her hott'-e about eleven o'clock, '-lie think;, on the nig.it o'
the 2ldi ol May *, they fiet imputed wheio Mr Wdkin-on
lived, and then mai!" Mi. !'">} !e opjn liis dooi, and went
into the hou-e, srmng they weie noni the •• aimy of the
Noith,''and asking them to Siuieudei ' i-ay^Iis. Doyle:
f They fir-st took my lm-band nnt ol the house, then thr\
took two of my sons—the uvo ehhvt, William and Cnii\ —
out, and then took my husband and the* two bo\s r.w'.w.
My f on John (.uxtccnycai^ohl) wa *5p «•<•:!,bee.n i-1 a-iud
them, in t^yrx, to spaic'him. In a f hoit time a'leuvawK 5
heard tile jepouof pistols—two repjii-; aitei whjeii Iheaid
moainug, a- if a pctson was dying; (hen ' iteaid a wild
whoop" [ went out no\t jno,ning 1:1
sea:ciiof them, and found myhu-band and Wii!iain.liny i
son. King d"ad 111 the road, neat together, about two hun- 1
* died yauK fiom the lion>e. The\ \\\ re bm led tlie ne\i da\. ;
On tno dav ol the buniivi, i saw the dead body of mv s-on :
Dr.ny. Tear for m} self and the lejnatningchsUhen induced j
me to J°av(j the home which we had been living at, and I j
went to the State ot Mit^omi.' *5 !
Mr. FOUKE. This i.s from the minority re- |
port, of Mr. Oliver, of Missouri, and a true recital 1
of the murders committed by John Brown. 1 ;
desire to embody it in my spccch, that it may go
to my constituents.
Nov/, sir, that is one reason why we stick so
tenaciously to the candidate of the Democratic
party, and why we never will, so long as we have
a voice upon this floor, vote for the Representa-
tive of a party in the person of John Sherman.
So far as the irrepressibleconflictisconcerned, to
which my colleague yesterday alluded, let me
show you what the Republican party of Illinois
have said about it, and I -will remark that, so far
as I know, it is the only official record upon the
subject in the whole country. It is this:
" Mr. Anderson proposed the following:
" lics-olt-cd, That the people of each State and Tcrntoiy
have the light to determine the institution of slaveiy in
their own way, legardlcssofgeogiaphical lines, subject only
to the Constmmon of rhe United States.
••Mr. Slos-. offered the follovwng resolution, in addition
to the resolution of Mr. Anderson:
" Resolved, That the pioposition that ' this Union can-
not exist p rmancntl}, one half free and one halt slave,5
is absuid and udiculous, and that no patty ndvocatingsuch
a pioposition should be permitted to hold the reins ot Gov-
ernment—the same being dangeious to the porpctmty of
our {douous Union, and at war with the spmt of the Con-
stitution. of the United States and the intention of the
fiamers thereof."
Here is an opportunity given to the Republican
party to renounce the doctrines of Abraham Lin-
coln, of Illinois, and of Mr. Seward, of New York.
What did they do? Here is the record of the
journals of the Legislature showing that every
Democrat upon that ilonr voted for the resolution
and evciy Republican voted against it. The vote
stood—y<.a;j 4J, nays every Republican vo-
tui£> voted against it. 1 do this for the purpose
of showing that there w n<> wav by which the
Republican parly, m Illinois particularly, can es-
cape tins irrepiessible-cuiiilict doctrine initiated
by their great leader.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question in relation to the origin of
this irrepressible-conflict doctrine5
Mr. FOUKE. I will not yield just now.
Mr. McKNIGHT. You decline, then, to an-
swer ?
Mr. FOUKTS. I decline to yield tho floor for
the present. "Now, sir, f slated upon the stump
last year, and 1 have stated upon this floor, that
the Republican pat fy 111 northern Illinois has been
thoroughly aboiitionized. I believe the Repub-
lican party in New England have also become
aboiitionized. The records of the country I think
will prove that fact. And I also say this: that in
northern Illinois, I think, the Republican party
are urging upon the people the adoption of that
damnable doctrine of political equality between
the white man and the black man. I speak now
for my own State. I know what the journals
there will prove.
And not only do I say that, but I say that that
party has wiped as with a sponge the American
or know Not huiij, party from the State of Illinois,
and that n has been absorbed in the Republican
p„triy,nnd as soon as rhey have succeeded in con-
(jueiins; the Pcmncratie, party in the Northwest,
as they have in New England, they will then begin
to carry out the doctrine of Massachusetts, by
passing laws disftanehising foreigners from vot-
ing, and at the same time passing laws permitting
the free negroes to vote. While they aim to dis-
franchise the Iiish, tiie Germans, and all foreign-
ers, they desire to admit to that privilege the free
negroes. In the State of Illinois, the constitution
authorises and requires the Legislature to pass an
act prohibiting the ingress of flee negroesmtu that
SrnU . Th" Republu ans in that Stateiefu.se to com-
ply wii't rlia.1 constitutional requisition, and arc at
eh fmes trying to got a lopeal of the black laws.
I >epeat, Mr. Cleric, thnt the Republican party
have absorbed both the Abohuomssts and the
American party of my State; and that when they
have secured the power they will carry out the
policy to which I have referred. Upon tins point
I wish my colleague to read an extract from the
Congressional Globe, showing the sentiments of
one of the gical leaders of the Republican party,
Mr. Seward, of Now York, stated m ^onvoisa-
tjon with Governor Smith, of Virginia, wherein
the proposition is distinctly made to sweep oif
from the State of New Yo>-k the foreigners,"the
lrift.il, the Germans, and all others, and ro receive
in their place the free negroes of Virginia.
Mr. LOGAN read, as follows:
"The lilubtnous visitant is repotted to have responded
promptly and earnestly in the afmuuitive; and he 1* *>aid to
have added, that the State of New York had suffered ex-
ceedingly, for seveiai years past, from the enormous influx
of immigrants fiom foreign shores; that the evil vvasevciy
day multiplying, and had, in fact, become a mo.-t serious
social grievance ; and that,for one, hushould be veiv much
pleaded to have all thcMiips which might be sent fiom Vir-
ginia thus freighted with fiee negroes,supplied with return
cargoes of Germans, Irish, and others oj Jordan nativity,
easy to be picked up in the streets of New York. 1 do not
charge all these facts to be absolutely true; but I do aver
that 1 believe them to be true; and if the honoiable Sena-
tor will venture to deny them, or any one among them at
all mateual to the present is^uc, I will take upon myself
to establish tho same by evidence, cither now at hand or in
process of collection."
Mr. FOUKE. Now, sir, this only shows this
fact, that the Republican party have no sympathy
with the foreigners; but that they desire to ex-
clude them, and that they are ready, not only to
place them on an equality with the free negro, but
111 an inferior position. I state these facts be-
cause, through the exercise of political chicanery,
for which I will give them the credit of great tal-
ent, they have succeeded in deluding many for-
eigners in my own State and district. A large
portion of them arc Germans, a thrifty, industri-
ous, intelligent, and faithful constituency, who, on
all occasions, rally and act in obedience to the
laws of the land. And when the tocsin of war
was sounded in my county, 111 1846, two hundred
of those gallant Germans stepped forward and
enlisted to fight the buttles of the country. Only
one hundred of them were accepted from my
county, and they went forward as privates, led by
a aallant German by the name of Julius Wright.
They did good sen ice; and probably that com-
pany suifeied as much as any other at the battle
of Buena Vistd. And now these Republicans arc
deriding that class of men, on all occasions, in
States where they have a predominance. In Mas-
sachusetts they cut them down and treat them in
a manner in which they do not treat the free ne-
groes, but make the distinction in favor of the
negro.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
allow me to inquire what book he read from a
short time since >
Mr. FOUKE. From a speech delivered in the
Senate of the United States by Mr. Foote, of Mis-
sissippi, in presence of Senator Seward, who did
not deny the statement.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Foote, of Mis-
sissippi ?
Mr. FOUKE. Yes, sir; by Senator Foote, and
that, too, in the presence of Governor Smith, of
Virginia, now a member upon this floor; and, if
my colleague desires to put any interrogatories in
reference to the matter, he can address the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Smith.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If it is necessary
that I should speak, I can do so.fori have a very
ttistmct recollection upon the subject. I do not
exactly recollect the report of that transaction 111
the speech of Senator Foote, and, therefore, can-
not say whether it is correct or not. I will repeat
the substance of what occurred. On one occasion,
while Governor of Virginia, and sitting m the
council chamber of tho State with one or two of
the officials, a polite and, in bearing, a genteel
stranger stepped in and announced himself a? Mr.
Sew\hd, of New York. He was so youthful in
appearance, that I concluded he was not the ex-
Governor ofthat proud Commonwealth. I invited
him to a seat. He cxpr< ssed a wish to see the
1 Lieutenant Governor, and stated that he had an
! oflicialacquaintanco withhim. I sent l'^r the Licu-
i tenant Grovernor, and in the in "an tunc, entered
J into some general convcr-Atiun, during which
I Governor Snw.vnD spoke of Governor Davis, of
, Massachusetts, in such a way as led me to infer
1 that Mr. Sf.waud must be the ox-Governor of
■ Now York. I then said to him I presumed I was
1 conversing with ex-Governor Seward, of New
! Yoik. He replied in the affirmative. At that
I time a movement was on foot both m New Yoik
! and Virginia, to get up a convt ntion to revise
• their respective State constitutions. "We entered
into conversation on that subject, and soon got
! upon the right of suffrage. He said that, m their
; convention, they would settle that question m
a way 10 avo'd all future difficulty. He said,
; s< we mean ail shall vote.7' " All?"' said I.
; " Yes," he replied, kl everybody: requiring of
i the voter residence only." ''What," said I,
I " free negroes and all"Yes," he replied,
; "colored people and all." 1 then said to him
; that; from the manner in which he treated the
