2202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
Mr. HOUSTON". I desire to ask the gentle-
man who reported this bill, why this man was
not paid in accordance with the law of 1847 ?
Mr. WALTON. Because there was no pro-
vision for the payment of commissions between
1836 and 1847.
'Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to know whether
the treatment it is proposed to extend to this man
has been extended to others ?
Mr. WALTON. It has been done in certain
cases. The Department has recommended that
all these agents shall be paid in accordance with
the provisions of this bill.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. BURNETT. I think now wc might as
well go back ancl lay aside the bill for the relief
of Joel M. Smith. The principle involved is
precisely the same as that we have just laid aside.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I object to going back.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope the gentleman will
not object. It is identically the same in principle
as the bill we have just laid aside.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I understood the gentle-
man from Alabama to object to taking up that
bill.
The CHAIRMAN. There was no objection
to that bill being laid aside.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Very well. I will with-
draw my objection to No. 421.
Mr. BURNETT. Very well; let the bill go
into the House, and then I hope we shall have
the yeas and nays upon it.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
JETIIRO BONNEY.
A bill (H. R. No. 422) for the relief of Jcthro
Bonney, of the State of New York.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay Jcthro Bonney $400, in full for damages
sustained by him by reason of the destruction of
his store by the Army of the United States at the
invasion of Plattsburg during the war of 1812.
- It appears from the report that during the war
of 1812 the petitioner raised and commanded a
company of infantry in the State of New York,
under a commission from D. D. Tompkins, then
Governor of the State, bearing date September
21, 1812. The records of the War Office show
that he was in service with his company in Au-
gust, 1813, and ho claims to have served also at
the battle of Plattsburg in 1814; but of this he
failed to produce record evidence. In reply to his
application for bounty land, the Commissioner of
Pensions said, "unless record evidence in some
form can be found that Captain Bonney had a
command at the invasion of Plattsburg, as alleged,
his claim cannot bo allowed." There was ample
parol evidence of the fact, but the claimant was
unable to produce a written record of his service,
and he failed to receive the small bounty voted
him by his country. But at the time of the in-
vasion of Plattsburg, Captain Bonney had a small
grocery store, which stood near the bridge, which
interfered with the range of the American cannon
in defending that point, and the storehouse was
accordingly demolished by order of the American
commander. The present claim is for compensa-
tion, for the house thus destroyed, which he val-
ues at $400. The petitioner has never received
any compensation for the loss of property, and is
now upwards of eighty-eight years of age, with
his entire estate valued at ten dollars.
Mr. BRANCH objected.
Subsequently,
Mr. BRANCH said: I objected to House bill
No. 422. If there be general consent that it shall
be laid aside, I will withdraw my objection.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from North Carolina if he is satisfied that
this claim ought tp pass? If he will state to the
committee that it ought, I will riot object.
Mr. BRANCH. X reply to my friend from
Georgia, that I am assured by a very honest and
amiable gentleman—the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Duell]—that it is correct.
Mr. DUELL. The report has been read in the
presence of the committee. It is a meritorious
claim, and of a character to commend it to every
gentleman on this floor. I hope there will be 110
objection.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
CHARLES \P. CUTTER.
Joint resolution H. R. No. 20, for the relief of
Charles W. Cutter.
[Objected to by Mr. Reagan.]
JAMES HENDERSON.
A bill (H. R. No. 79) for the relief of James
Henderson.
The hill provides that the Secretary of the
Treasury pay to James Henderson, of Tennessee,
$161 25, in full for his services as cook at the
marine barracks at the navy-yard, Washington,
from April 12, 1850, to March 21, 1853, as certi-
fied by H. B. Tyler, commanding officer at that
place.
The report states that the evidence is clear as to
the services of the claimant as cook at the marine
barracks, Washington navy-yard. Captain H.
B. Tyler, commanding marines at the navy-yard,
certifies that " the services as charged in the ac-
count have been performed, and were requisite
for the public service." Captain Tyler approved
the claim, June, 1854; but it was never paid,
owing to a neglect on the "part of the officer m not
making a proper return to the Department, ac-
cording to regulations. The committee report
back the bill without amendment, and recommend
its passage.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
HOLMES AND PED1UCK.
A bill (H. R. No. 423) for the relief of Philip
B. Ilolmcs and William Pcdrick. [Objected to
by Mr. Burnett.]
Subsequently,
Mr. BURNETT said: I objected to House bill
No. 423. I withdraw my objection to that bill,
and I hope wc shall just take up the Calendar
and pass all the bills in a lump.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to going back.
Mr. GOOCH. Wc have gjonc back in one
case, and I think there should be no objection to
going back now. I appeal to the gentleman from
Alabama to allow us to take the same couise in
this ease as was taken just now, when the gentle-
man from North Carolina withdrew his objection.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. I appeal to my
colleague to withdraw his objection. I do not
think he rose in his seat to object, anyhow.
Mr. HOUSTON. I did rise and object.
ABOLITION OF LAND OFFICE.
A resolution (II. R. No. 39) as to the expedi-
ency of abolishing a portion of the land offices of
the United States.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I reported this bill
from the Committee on Public Lands with the
understanding that it be referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union. It
has been placed upon this Calendar by mistake.
I move that the bill be laid aside, to be reported
to the House with a recommendation that it be
referred to the Committee of the Whole 011 the
state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
INDIANA SCHOOL LANDS.
A bill (H. R. No. 424) for the relief of con-
gressional township number six south, of range
number eight west, in Randolph county, State of
Indiana.
The bill provides that whereas section sixteen,
in township six south, of range eight west, in
Randolph county, Indiana, is covered by a pri-
vate claim, No. 2050, by reason whereof the sec-
tion has been lost to the congressional township
for school purposes; therefore, the school trus-
tees for the township arc authorized to select three j
quarter sections of land, in equal subdivisions, of ;
any of the public lands of the United States sub- \
ject to entry or sale at the minimum price of
#1 25 per acrc. The second section provides that
when the same shall have been selected by the
trustees, and a description thereof returned to,
and approved by, the Commissioner of the.Gen-
eral Land Office,a patent shall issue to the inhab-
itants of the congressional township, and shall be
held and disposed of by them for the use of schools
within the congressional township, in the same
manner ns other school lands are held and dis-
posed of.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, I reported that bill,
and by mistake inserted the word "Indiana"
where it should have been * * Illinois.I move
to amend by striking out " Indiana," and insert-
ing " Illinois."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was laid aside, to be re-
ported to the House with a recommendation that
it do pass.
TOWNSHIP IN INDIANA.
A bill (H. R. No. 425) for the relief of con-
gressional township two south, of range twelve
west, of .the second principal meridian in Gibson
county*, State of Indiana.
The bill authorizes the trustees for the town-
ship to select one section of land, in legal subdi-
visions, of any of the public lands of the United
States, subject to entry 01* sale at the minimum
price of $1 25 per acre; that when the same shall
have been selected by the trustees, and a descrip-
tion thereof returned to, and approved by, the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, a pat-
ent shall issue therefor to the inhabitants of the
congressional township, and shall be held and
disposed of by them for the use of schools within
the congressional township in the same manner
as other school lands are held and disposed of;
and that section sixteen shall revert to and invest
in the United States, and be disposed of in the
same manner as other public lands.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
JOHN Y. SEWELL.
A bill (H. R. No. 426) for the relief of John Y.
Sewcll.
The bill directs that John Y. Sewell, for ser-
vices in the restoration of the United States mail
lost from the steamer Southerner, on the coast of
Washington Territory, and for expenses incurred
in obtaining the same from the Indians who had
it in their possession, be allowed the sum of $1,000
in full for his claim therefor.
It appears from the report that the steamship
Southerner, while employed temporarily in the
mail service by the Pacific Mail Steamship Com-
pany, was wrecked on the coast of Washington
Territory, in December, 1854, and all the mails,
with the exception of three bags, were lost. Mr.
John Y. Sewcll, a citizen of Washington Teiri-
tory, at the urgent solicitation of many of the in-
habitants, including the postmaster, undertook to
rescue them from the Indians, into whose hands
they had fallen. After six weeks' effort, sub-
jected to groat hazard, peril, and hardship, accom-
panied by two men whom he had employed for
the purpose, he succeeded, at considciable ex-
pense to himself pei-sonally, in obtaining the mails
from the savages, and delivered them to the near-
est post, office.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
SWEENEY, RITTENHOUSE, FANT & CO.
A bill (H. R. No. 427) for the relief of Swee-
ney, Rittenhouse & Co. The bill was read. It
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to return to
Sweeney, Rittenhouse, Fant& Co., so much of
their preliminary deposit of one per cent, made
with the Secretary of the Treasury upon their bid
for $3,000,000 of the stock of the United States,
under the advertisement of the Secretary of the
Treasury dated December 17, 1858, as is equal
to one per cent, on the amount of said stock bid
for, which was not issued to them under their said
bid.
The reading of the report was called for.
Mr. BINGHAM. The report has 110 relation
to the bill reported by the committee. It relates
to a portion of the claim which was rejected.
A Member. What is the amount involved?
Mr. BINGHAM. About twelve thousand dol-
lars; but it is their own money which theyplaced
on deposit.
Mr. BRANCH. I do not like the bill to be
laid aside without the report being read.
Mr. BINGHAM. My recollection is, that the
rc-poit relates entirely to a portion of the claim
which was rejected, and has no relation to the bill.
Mr. BRANCH. Well; is there any report in
favor of the bill?
Mr. BINGHAM. No such report was made,
because the committee in the House and in the
Senate were unanimous.
_ Mr. HOUSTON. I will state that the applica-
tion of Sweeney, Rittenhouse, Fant & Co. was
before the Judiciary Committee, for damages for
