1258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
to, prepare his case before the meeting of the pres-
ent Congress. But, sir, I do not find in any of the
reported cases any such rule laid down; and had
it been done, all the testimony must have been
voluntary. I do, however, find a number of re-
ported cases where, either by the help of State law,
or circumstanccs arising that testimony could not
be obtained voluntarily, notice has been served,
and testimony taken beforehand. I find as many
cases, where no notice was given and no testi-
mony taken until the contestant has applied, by
memorial, to the House; and the House prescribes
the method, the authority, and the court before
whom testimony shall be taken. There is no uni-
form rule. I undertake to say, however, from the
lareful examination I have been able to give to the
cases reported, that there is no case, where the
contestant has been unable to obtain the testi-
mony of unwilling witnesses before the meeting
of Congress, and has comc to this body and asked
for a commission to prove that the sitting member
held his seat by his own fraud, that he has been
denied; and I hope there never will be.
Mr. GILMER. Mr. Speaker, I desire to de-
tain the House only for a fewmomcnts, and mainly
for the purpose of stating briefly my own views,
to sustain the report of the minority of the Com-
mittee of Elections in the case now before the
House.
I desire to say, just hero, that I am solicitous
that the members of the House shall read this re-
port before the House is called upon to decide the
case, which, I presume, they will not do to-day;
and that they will also so far indulge the minority
of the committee as to read their views as printed
in this document, and the authorities therein re-
ferred to; and then, it seems to me, that if they
shall adopt the resolution reported by the major-
ity, authorities are nothing, precedents are noth-
ing, usages are nothing, and a law of Congress is
nothing.
I know that it is hardly to be expected to obtain
a vote favorable to my views, against a majority
of the committee, in a ease of this kind, and still
more is it not to be expected that we shall have
a majority of the House to reverse the decision of
the majority of the committee. But it will be borne
in mind by the House, that this is not a case in
which testimony has been taken. There is no
testimony in the case. It is an effort to set a new
precedent in election cases; a precedent, which,
upon examination, will be found—and I state it
with great deference to those who hold the con-
trary opinion—to be entirely at variance with the
law of 1851, and at variance with the usages of
Congress anterior to the act of 1851, and without
any substantial evidence upon which to rest an
opinion; for, Mr. Speaker, if you set aside alto-
gether the law of 1851, and if you lay aside
altogether the usages of Congress before 1851, on
the ground of extraordinary fraud, corruption,
bribery, or any other unusual course of malprac-
tices m conducting an election, there should be evi-
dence of such, which is not furnished in this cose.
Mr. Speaker, upon what does this question
rest ? Why, upon tfte affidavit of a witness who
styles himself the complainant's attorney—a Mr.
Mclntire, who does not pretend to go upon his
own knowledge. He says that shortly after the
election, in 1858, he went out into the streets, and
that he came across somebody—he gives no name
—that he met one or two persons who admit their
own shame, and say that they have heard, or that
they knew, there were some frauds and some
bribery in the election; and that, according to
their opinions, it could be shown that the sitting
member could be ousted. The petitions here
states nothing of his own knowledge. Ho makes
statement on oath. In his petition he does not
assume to know anything of his own knowodge.
He bases his statement on the affidavit attached
to it, and which is the substratum upon which
his case is based. The affidavit states nothing at
all satisfactorily. That affidavit of Mclntire, if
introduced in a county court, or any court of law
or chancery, would not be sufficient to put a party
under a rule nisi, for the plain and simple reason
that it states, by way of proof, nothing at all.
Yet, sir, this contestant comes forward before this
Congress, fifteen months after the election, and,
on the simple presentation of a petition, based on
an affidavit of dubious hearsays, asks that a com-
mission shall be issued to enable him to look into
the result of that election.
The contestant's second answer or reply in this
is drawn up by counsel, and that counsel clearly
indicates the possession of a legal mind, a mina
legally trained and legally educated. He frankly
admits, in substance, that if the sitting member
had a prima facie case, if the result of that elec-
tion in 1858 had been found and announced by
the canvassers-, the contestant is without remedy
under the act of 1851, unless he can show some
extraordinary reason for going outside of it. It
cannot be pretended—he does not pretend, no
friend of his pretends—that he has shown any such
extraordinary reasons, any newly discovered facts
or circumstanccs.
Mr. Speaker, the facts need only be stated here
to satisfy every unbiased mind that this case falls
substantially under the act of 1851. It is said that
• these canvassers had not declared the result. I
send to the-Clerk's desk what they did find and
declare, in order that the House may determine
for themselves whether those canvassers did not
find and declare the result of the election. It is
upon page 23 of the report of the Committee of
Elections.
The Clerk read, as follows:
State of New York, ss:
We, the Secretary of State, Comptroller, Attorney Gen-
eral, State Engineer and Surveyor, and Treasurer of said
State, having formed a board of State canvassers, do certify
that from the returns made by the county canvassers of the
county of Nc#York, it appears that the whole numberof
votes given for the office of "member of Congress" in the
thiid congressional district in said State,'at the general elec-
tion held on the 2d day of November, 1858, was 9,0S4 votes;
of which Daniel E. Sickles received 3,176; Amor J. Wil-
liamson received 3,015 .votes; and Hiram Walbridge re-
ceived 2,874 votes; and there were 19 scattering votes.
That in the toui th congressional district of said State there
were 9,944 votes given at said election for "member of Con-
gress ;"of which 3,959 votes were given to Thomas J. tfarr;
9,671 votes for Thomas Stephens j 9,990 votes for Owen W.
Brennon ; 710 votes for John W. Farmer; and 306 for Na-
thaniel Hasted ; and there were 38 scattering.
That m the fifth congressional district the whole number
of votes given at said election fori( member of Congi ess" in
the said county of New York, was 6,690 ; ot which William
B. Maelay leceived3,957 vote1?; Philip Hamilton leceivcd
2,031 vote*; Gilbeit C.Dean icceived668voteb; and there
were 34 teatteiing.
That in the county of Kings, in said fifth congressional
district, the whole numbei of votes given fur Representative
in Congress was 4,951 ; of which William li. Maelay re-
ceived 1,823; Philip Hamilton 2,951; Gilbert C. Dean 153;
and there were 24 scattering votes.
That in tho sixth congressional district of said State the
whole number of votes given for " member of Congress"
\y<v< 13,937; ot which John Cochrane received 7,336 votes;
Hubert IX. MuCurdy received 53520 votes; and tiiere were
81 scattering.
That the whole number of votes given for "member of
Congress'' m the seventh congressional district was 15,183;
of winch Geoijre f?nggs received t>,308; Elijah Waid ic-
ceived 6,791; and tiiere wore 66 scattering.
That the whole number of votes given for " member of
Conines*" in the eighth congressional district at said elec-
tion, was 15,420; of which Ilorace F. Clark received 9,035
votes; Ansou Hemck received6,338 votes; and there were
«17 scattering.
We lurther certify that in the said third dktrict Daniel E.
Sickles received the Greatest number ofvotes; in the fourth
district, Thomas J. Barr received the greatest number of
votes; m the fifth district, William B. Maclay received the
greatest number of votes; in tho sixth district, John Coch-
rane received the greatest number of votes; in the seventh
district, George Briggs received the greatest number of
votes ; and in the eighth district, Horace F. Clark received
the greatest number of votes for the said designation of
"memberof Congiess."
We further certify that no votes are returned from the
said county of New York for the office of Representative
in Congress; and we further certify that a certificate of the
county eleik has been presented to us, stating that all the
ballots returned to and filed in hi> office used at said
election for the aforesaid persons were for Representative
in Congress, andnottoi member of Congress;" and we
furthci ccitify that inasmuch as said office was not legally
designated in the ictuins of th£ county canvassers of the
said county of New York made to this boaid, we cannot
certify to the election of any persons to the office of Rep-
lCfeentative m ('onjire^ in the said respective districts.
CJ D£ON J. TUCKER, Secrctani of State.
S. E. CHURCH, Comptroller.
J. V. VANDERPOEL, Treasurer.
Jj. TREMA fIV, Attorney General.
VAN R.RICHMOND, State Engineer and Surveyor.
Albany, December 21, 1858.
Mr. GILMER. That certificate, Mr. Speaker,
you will perceive, is dated ill December, 1858;
and the election took place in November, 1858.
That certificate declares, and the canvassers find,
on the certificate of the comity canvassers' clerk,
that the sitting member [Mr. Sickles] had a plu-
rality of the votes polled in that district for mem-
ber of Congress. But that is not all. They de-
clare, and find also from the same certificate, that
the ballots given for all the candidates, making up
the votes counted, were for Representatives. In
common parlance, member of Congress is under-
stood to mean Representative of Congress. There
was ijothing in the misnomer of the clerk, when
he added in his certificate that all the votes men-
tioned were polled for Representatives in Congress.
Copies of the tickets polled for the respective can-
didates certified to, made member tlie same aS
Representative. That certificate is, in substance,
that Daniel E. Sickles had a plurality of votes
for member alias Representative of Congress. It
certified that Daniel E. Sickles had received so
many votes for member of Congress, alias, as it
appears by the other portion of the certificate,
Representative in Congress. "Was not that de-
claring that he received the plurality of votes?
Was not that making known and declaring tho
result of the election in that third district? Was
not that, in short, finding and declaring substan-
tially the very thing required by the act of 1851,
to enable thexoQtestant to begin and to give his
notice ? Why, sir, with all respect to that board
of canvassers, if they were to make such a de-
cision before me, and I had the power to unseat
them, I would turn every one of them out of office
for corruption or for stultifying themselves. It
is to my mind the clearest case of quibbling I have
ever known.
Tell me the result of that election was not de-
clared 1 How would it be in all of the southern
States ? There elections are held by our sheriffs.
Several counties composeareprcsentative district.
After the election, the sheriffs get together and
cast up the polls, and certify that each candidate
received so many 'votes. They give a certified
statement of the polls to the successful candidate,
who puts it in his pocket, and goes his way. Then
is the time for the contestant to move; not to wait
until the Governor shall sign his certificate. But
suppose the clerk should certify to the Governor
of North Carolina that John A. Gilmer had re-
ceived so many votes for member of Congress, but
not Cor Representative in Congress: would the Gov-
ernor of North Carolina refuse to give John A.
Gilmer a certificate ? Now it is not material to
tho case whether this set of canvassers, who were
to give the certificate, discharged their full duty
or not. The question is, has the proper tribunal
of canvassers declared the result of the voting?
The man who is entitled to contest the seat is not
to wait until the Executive, or other authority,
gives a certificate. By no construction of this act
of Congress can it be pretended that the declaring
and finding required by the act of 1851, in this
case were not had as early as December, 1858.
The contestant is simply to wait until the proper
canvassers declare the result of the poll. I speak
of the act of Congress. Then, if he is not satis-
fied, and believes there have been illegal votes or
practices against him, he must move under this
act of Congress. It is as plain to me as any prop-
osition ever was. Bear in mind that these coun-
ty canvassers declared the result, and declared it
correctly. There is no pretense that Daniel E.
Sickles, by the poll-books, got one hundred and
sixty-one plurality of votes, given to him as mem-
ber in Congress. It was for Representative. But
the clerk of that board of county canvassers, using
the common parlance, committed a clerical error,
and certified to the central board, member, instead
of Representative for Congress. A nd although this
is explained and corrected by the other part of the
same officer's certificate, that all the tickets used
were for Representative, yet it is said that the
contestant is entitled, fifteen months after the elec-
tion, to open this case, withoutany notice or pre-
vious steps whatever. Is that so? If so, any
member of this House can be put under a com-
mission upon the mere filing of a memorial.
But I have said that the counsel who drew the
repty in this case evidently understood the law
111 this case precisely as I understand it. On page
53 of the report, it will be seen that the contest-
ant himself, through his counsel, uses this lan-
guage:
" Has the respondent prima fade any right ui title to a
scat in the House ? On this question the whol" contro-
versy hinges. Jt" he has, if is admitted to be within the
reasonable dtscietion of the House to exact from the peti-*
11 oner u compliance with the act of 1851, which is not pcr-
cmptoiy, as eianned by the lespondent, but directory only;
but which, hkc aii other dneetoiy statutes, can o'dy be de-
parted from tor reasons satisfactory to the powei that may
permit and .sanction such tk-paiture."
There is no reason of an extraordinary char-
acter or newly discovered facts insisted on in this
case—none such as justify a departure from the
