3146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
completion and payment for works already begun by Craw-
ford and Rogers.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move to non-concur in that.
The House amendment was non-concurred in.
The Secretary read the seventh amendment of
the Senate, which was to insert:
To enable the superintendent of the Capitol extension to
purchase from Kice & Ileebner thirty-four monolithic col-
umns, at the pricc specified in their supplemental contract
of Match 30, 1854* the marble for said columns to be ap-
proved by said superintendent, the sum of $47,600: Pro-
vided, That no part of the sum appropriated for the prose-
cution of the work shall ho applied to the purchase of
marble columns.
The House amendment is to add:
Jind provided further, That the material of said columns
shall be American marble.
Mr. GREEN. While I am in favor of the
amendment of the House, I move that the Senate
non-concur, because I think a committee of con-
ference can put the whole of it in a better shape
than it now is. The Senate amendment, I think,
is very objectionable; and I want a means of reach-
ing it, so as to put it in a shape that will be sat-
isfactory to all. I do not like this way of Con-
fress making; contracts; yet the Senate putin the
ill an amendment for two individuals. Though
the House has improved it, and so far as the mere
abstract question is concerned, I would vote for
the House amendment, because it confines it to
domestic marble, marble of our own country,
which 1 think right; because we have a good ma-
terial, and we can supply the wants and make as
beautiful a building here as with Parian marble or
Italian marble; yet we cannot reach the Senate
amendment without disagreeing to the House
amendment. Therefore I hope we shall disagree
to the House amendment; although, if you de-
termine to stand by the original Senate amend-
ment, I would vote for the House amendment to it.
The House amendment was non-concurred in
—ayes twenty-seven, noes not counted.
The Secretary read the thirtieth amendment of
the Senate; which was to insert:
For the survey of the eastern boundary of California, in
pursuance of a law passed during the present session of
Congress for that puipose, $55,000.
The House amendment is to add to the Senate
amendment:
And for the repair of the capltoi building in Nebraska,
$5,000.
Mr. GREEN. T move that the Senate non-
concur in that. The subject of the Nebraska
public buildings was before us, and we voted
down the provision.
The House amendment was non-concurred in.
The Secretary read the thirty-fifth amendment
of the Senate; which was to add to the bill, as
an additional section :
%/lnd be it further cnactcd, That the second section of the
"Act making appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and-judicial expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1860,^ approved the 3d of March, 1839,
shall be, and the same is heiehy, repealed.
The House amendment is to add:
And that from and after the 30th of June, 18t)0> the coin-
age of cent-* shall reai-e,
Mr. TOOMBS. I move a non-concurrence.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the House amend-
ment will be concurred in.
Mr. TOOMBS. The evil has been that the
Mint has been compelled to exchange the cunts
for the old Spanish silver at its nominal value.
By simply repealing the section which the Senate
proposed to repeal, we leave the discretion with
the Mint to issue the coin according to the public
wants. This amendment of the House was put
in because the House knew nothing about the
question.
Mr. CAMERON. I find that the prevention
of that coinage will do great injury to a large in-
terest in this country. It interferes with the
penny press. I have had a number of letters,
since the amendment was agreed to by the Sen-
ate, saying that it will destroy the business of
printing penny newspapers. Therefore I am de-
sirous of leaving it where it was before, and I
am for striking out the provision.
Mr. GREEN. I move to amend the House
amendment by adding:
And also the coinage of three-ecnt pieces and three-dol-
lar gold piece.-).
They aiu both odd coins, and, I think, create
great confusion in our commercial transactions.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope that so important a
matter to the currency of this country is not going
to be regulated in this way. Two years ago there
was a want of cents, a very general call for them
in the northern cities. I never saw one of them
circulating as money in my life until I came here.
Possibly they may be used in some of our cities,
but I live in the country. There was, as I say, a
few years ago, in the northern cities, a great de-
mand for them, and there was a provision adopted
that we should exchange old silver at its nominal
value for cents. There was great profit in this,
for some of the silver was depreciated ten, or fif-
teen, or twenty per cent. Persons brought it to
the Mint and the Mint was compelled to take it at
its nominal and not its real value, in exchange for
cents. This has made a great multiplication of
the latter coin. You have thrown cents on the
market to a greater extent than is required by the
wants of the people who use them. There were
many petitions before our committee on the sub-
ject, and wo thought the remedy was to takeaway
the premium upon turning old silver into cents,
and leave the matter where it was under the law;
and thus the Mint will go on and put out cents as
fast as the people want them, according to the legit-
imate wants of trade, but not to give a bounty. By
the rejection of this amendment of the House, the
law will stand there, and that is where it ought to
stand. Then only as many cents will be put out
as people come to the Mint and say they want.
They will have to pay the full value for them.
They will have to pay in gold and silver to get
them at the Mint. We take away the premium,
to induce them to throw them on the trade of the
country faster than the trade wants them. There-
fore, the House amendment is wrong.
Mr. GREEN. 1 think, with the Senator from
Georgia, it is all wrong to undertake to regulate
the coinage on this bill; but if you do commence
it, I want to do what is right in our judgment.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 hope the Senate will dis-
agree to the House amendment; and then I hope
the Senator from Missouri will let the matter
stand.
Mr. GREEN. Very well; if the Senate will
disagree to the House amendment, I shall with-
draw mine.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Missouri to the amendment of the House.
Mr. GREEN. I withdraw it.
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. Then the ques-
tion is oi the motion of the Senator from Georgia,
that the Senate non-eoncur in the amendment offl
the House.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. TOOMBS. The House amendments to
our amendments having been disposed of, I now
move that the Senate insist on its amendments to
which the House have disagieed, and ask for a
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Toombs,
Mr. Bright, and Mr. Fes sendee, were appointed
the committee of conference on the part of the
Senate.
Mr. SIMMONS subsequently said: I desire to
make a motion to reconsider a vote upon the mis-
cellaneous appropriation bill, which passed a
short time ago.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is a priv-
ileged motion, and the Chair will entertain it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the Senate concurred in the House
amendment reducing the appropriation for the
Treasury extension.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest that the vote by
which the bill passed must first be reconsidered,
in order to get at that.
Mr. SIMMONS. I voted under a mistake. I
want to reconsider that, and non-concur in the
House amendment, and let it all go to the com-
mittee on conference. It seems to me that can be
readily done.
Mr. HUNTER. I should dislike very much
to see this bill icopcned. If it be done, I do not
know when we shall get through with it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. HUNTER. The bill has passed; and in
order to reach the amendment, we must recon-
sider the vote passing the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks that a motion to reconsider a vote of the
Senate concurring in an amendment made by
the House to a Senate amendment, is in order.
That is the motion of the Senator from Rhode
Island.
Mr. HUNTER. I beg pardon; the bill was
passed before,and the question is upon an amend-
ment of the House to it. At any rate, the vote
sending it to a conference must first be reconsid-
ered before the amendment can be reached.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Virginia is correct. The bill having gone
to a committee of conference, that vote must be
reconsidered before the motion of the Senator from
Rhode Island can be entertained.
Mr. SIMMONS. I move, then, to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was sent to a commit-
tee of conference. ["Oh, no.'5] I withdraw the
motion, as the Senate seems to be opposed to it.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 30)
for the relief of Sheldon McKnight, with an
amendment, in which the concurrence of the Sen-
ate was requested.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 206) for the relief of
EmilicyG. Jones, executrix of Thomas P. Jones,
deceased, and Nancy M.Johnson, administratrix
of "Walter R.Johnson, deceased.
^ CALIFORNIA OVERLAND MAIL.
Mr. YULEE. There is a bill upon which we
adjourned yesterday evening, which now comes
up in regular order as unfinished business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The unfinished
business of yesterday is in order.
Mr. LATHAM. I move to postpone all pre-
vious orders and proceed to the consideration of
House bill No. 304, relating to overland mails to
California. Yesterday the Senate put this bill
down for half past eleven o'clock to-day, as a
special order. It was then put aside for the pur-
pose of finishing one of the general appropriation
bills. Now, this proposition is of quite as much
importance as the one to which the Senator from
Florida refers. After the 30th day of this month
the contract for carrying the mail to California
over one of the principal routes expires, and legis-
lation is absolutely essential. Congress is on the
eve of an adjournment. It is absolutely essential
that there shall be discussion upon this project,
because I apprehend there is a contrariety of
views as to the proper policy which should be
pursued. The Post Ofiice deficiency bill can lie
over at least until to-morrow. It has not been
before this body for several days, and a delay of
one day more certainly will not cause it any par-
ticular injury.
Mr. YULEE. The Post Office deficiency bill,
as it is styled, although it is the regular appropri-
ation bill for 1860, is pending between the two
Houses upon a disagreement between them on an
important provision which it contained,as it ori-
ginally came to the Senate, and in which the Sen-
ate did not concur. There have been two commit-
tees of conference. I am yet in hopes that there
may be some agreement between the two Houses.
I am solicitous that we should have the action of
the Senate upon it at as early a date as possible,
and I would prefer it now. I think it will not
probably require the consumption Of much time,
and we shall notbe much in the way of the meas-
ure proposed by the Senator from California,
and about which he is very properly anxious. I
think it not at all unlikely that upon another
conference the two Houses may be able to ap-
proach an agreement, if not to succeed in one, on
the Post Office bill. I am prepared to concede
something, I think to concede more than we can
properly concede, to the wishes of the House.
1 hope, therefore, that the bill will be taken up,
and that we shall endeavor, if possible, to dis-
pose of it. This bill out of the way, and one or
two appropriation bills that are still pending on
disagreements between the two Houses, and we
shall be able to adjourn, and 1 hope to adjourn
at an earlier day even than Monday; but it is
important that we should get this bill out of the
way, in order that I may know when I ought to
bring up the post route bill; because I propose to
put upon the post route bill amendments which
may or may not-be necessary, according to the
