1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SI47
conclusions to which the two Houses may come
respecting: this bill. It is therefore desirable that
we should act upon it now.
Mr. LATHAM. The Senator has stated the
very reason why I am anxious that the overland
mail bill should be considered.. The very mo-
ment the committees of conference dispose of the
general appropriation bills, an adjournment will
be urged, and the result will be that a measure so
important as the one to which I want the atten-
tion of the Senate to be called will be passed over
to the next session, and accordingly a serious in-
jury will be done to the constituency that I have
the honor to represent here. I call for the yeas
and nays on my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 17; as follows.
YEAS—Messrs. Bigler, Bright, Chesnut, Doolittle, Dur-
kec, Fitzpatriek, Foster, Giecn,G\vin, Hale, Harlan, Tver-
son, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Nicholson, Polk, Rice, Sew-
ard, Trumbull, and Wilkinson—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Clark, Crittenden, Fe^sen-
den, Hemphill, Huntei, Johnson of Tennessee, Mallory,
Pearce, Powell, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Toombs, Wade, Wig-
faU, Wilson, and Yulee—17.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 304) inviting
proposals for carrying the entire mail between
the Atlantic and Pacific States on one line; the
question pending being on the amendment offered
by Mr. Latham as a substitute for the amend-
ment of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. HALE. I desire to ask the honorable
Senator who moved this amendment one or two
questions. 1 wish to ask whether, in his opin-
ion, the service provided for in the first section
of his amendment can be obtained for the sum
named therein ?
Mr. LATHAM. I have been so assured.
Mr. HALE. I ask the Senator if it is his pres-
ent opinion that it can be so obtained ?
Mr. LATHAM. I think it can. In fact, I
have no doubt about it as long as the printed mat-
ter is not put upon the route. I desire, however,
to offer one or two amendments to my amend-
ment. 1 move, on page 2 of the amendment, sec-
tion three,line three, to strike out<{ twenty-one,"
and insert " twenty-two;" and at the end of the
section, after the word " law," to insert " or at
the expiration of two years." Then on page 3,
section five, line eleven, " one hundred" should
be " ninety," On page 4, at the end of the sev-
enth section, after the word " cents," I propose
to add, " for each single letter not exceeding half
an ounce in weight."
Mr. GWIN. "" I suggest to my colleague that
the first section of his amendment provides that
the time for the line from Placervillo to St. Joseph
«hall be eighteen days. He had better say nine-
teendays, to correspond with the time on the other
routes. Otherwise, that being the shortest route,
all the letters might go over it.
Mr. LATHAM. I will alter that provision in
the first section, by striking out " eighteen" and
inserting c< nineteen."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The modifica-
tion proposed by the Senator from California to
his own amendment will be made.
Mr. GREEN. I move to add, at the end of
the sixteenth line of the flrst section:
With a branch from Kansas City, in the State of Mis-
bouii, connecting with the mam line at such point \ve<t as
the Postmastei General shall select as most apptopriate,
for which a reasonable compensation shall be paid by the
Postmaster Geneial.
Mr. LATHAM. I accept that.
The amendment of Mr. Latham, as modified,
is as follows: to strike out all after the word
"that," in the amendment of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, and insert:
That the Postmaster General be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized and dueeted to contract with the conttactois on
route "8911, between St. Joseph, Missouri, and Great Salt
Lake City, and route '"12801, between Gieat Salt Lake
City and Placervillc, California, foi the conveyance of
the United State-* mails on which letter postage is paid
between St. Joseph, Missouri, and Placerville, Califor-
nia, m nineteen days' time, along such intermediate route
as the contractors may select: Provided, The service can
be obtained til-weekly at a compensation not to exceed
$400,0U0 per annum, the mail to be cariied in foui-hoi.-e
coaeiieo oi spring wagons, and the contractors to supply
intermediate office's along the loutewith the entire mail
without additional compensation, with a branch from Kan-
sas City, in the State of Missouri, connecting with the main
line at such point west as the Postmaster General shall se-
lect as most appropriate, for which a reasonable compen-
sation shall be paid by the Postmaster General.
Sec • 2. And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General is hereby authorized to agree with the contractors*
on route *12578, liom St. Louis to San Francisco., for such
modification of their contract so sis to carry the mail from
Vicksburg or New Oilcans, on the Mississippi, instead of
St. Louis, and to provide for tri-weekly seivice in twenty
days' time, and the supplyingofinterm'ediateofficesonthe
loute with the entire mails, without additional cost to the
Government.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General is heieby authorized to contract for transportation,
in twenty-two day*, of a steamer mail, including all the
printed matter and franked documents, between the Atlan-
tic and Pacific Slates,, by steamships, by the nearest and
most expeditious route, at a cost not exceeding §400,000 per
annum, three times a month, and such contiactto end upon
the repeal by Congress of the present franking law, or at
the expiration of two ycais.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That upon the repeal
by Congress of the present franking Jaw, the entire mail
matter shall be cairied overland upon loutes *8911, *J9801,
and *12578, named in this bill, or at the option of the con-
tractors on said routes, by steamers, in twenty-five days'
time, and not le&s than twicc a month, without additional
cost to the Government.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, and ho is hereby, authorized and directed to
modify the contract with the contractors now performing
seivice on routes *12540, *12o43, and *1-2555, so as to pro-
vide for the conveyance of the United States mails miour-
horse coaches, &ix times a week, at a schedule of seven
days, from April 1, to December 1, and fourteen days the
remainder of the year, from Sacramento Citv, via Yicka,
Jacksonville, Koseburg, Oakland, Eugene City, Corvallis,
and Salem, to Portland, Oregon, for a compensation not to
exceed $90,000 pec annum.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, and he Is hereby, authorized and directed to pro-
vide for the conveyance of the United States mail, on which
lettei postage is paid, weekly, froin St. Paul, Minnesota,
via Saint Cloud, and from Supetior, "Wisconsin, via Crow
Wing, to the Dalles in Oregon, with the same preemption
right as heretofore allowed upon other tJnough loutes: Pro-
vided, The service can be obtained at an annual cost not
exceeding •'S'^00,000, and the trip to be peifouned in twenty
days, from May 1 to November 1, and m thnty days the re-
mainder of the year.
Sec. 7. And he it further enacted. That the cost of ser-
vice authorized iji this- act, and of that now performing
under the said act of the 3d ot ISIaich. 1857, be paid bv the
Secretary of the Trcasmy quauerly upon the certificate of
service liom the Postmaster Genetal; and lhatthe postage
on through letter*, to and from California, Orciron, and
Washington Teiritory, and the Atlantic States, shall be ten
cents for each single letter not exceeding half an ounce m
weight.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted^ That the contracts for
canying the land and ocean mails under this law shall ex-
pire on the 15th of September, 18o6.
Mr. POLK. I move to amend the amendment
of the Senator from California by striking out the
second section. This section has reference to the
Buttcrfield contract. I am unwilling to interfere
with that contract. It is a congressional contract.
It is a contract that has been faithfully performed,
on the part of the contractors, from the beginning
to the present timeVand I think Congress ought
to perform the contract on its part. The contract
may not he such a one as members of Congress
would now be willing to make; but it has been
made; the service has been in operation for nearly
two years, and the contractors have never failed
to perform their part of the contract; and I think
Congress ought to perform its part.
Mr. IVERSON. I understand that the effect
of this motion to strike out the second section
would be to keep the Butterfield contract just as
it is, going down from St. Louis southwesterly,
crossing at El Paso, and going in that direction to
San Francisco. The second section, as I under-
stand it, does not interfere at all with the Buttcr-
field route, except with the consent of the con-
tractors themselves. Under that section, if the
contractors are willing to modify and change the
original contract, which was to run from St.
Louis, with a branch from Memphis uniting at
Fort Smith, or somewhere in that neighborhood,
the Postmaster General is to have powerto do so;
but this section does not confer upon the Post-
master General the arbitrary power to change the S
route as he chooses; it is only to be done with {
the consent and approbation of the contractors j
themselves. I
By other provisions of the measure before us, j
there is to be an overland mail route, commenc- ;
ing at St. Louis or St. Joseph, which amounts j
practically to the same thing, running across on j
what is callcd the middle or central route. J do j;
not see the necessity of having two mail linls ||
commencing at St. Louis, one running by the ;'j
Butterfield route across the country in a southern
direction, and the other running over the middle
route. It seems to me that we may very well
get rid of that portion of the Butterfield route
which commences at St. Louis and runs down to
Fort Smith; sd that the whole Butterfield rotfte
may, with the consent of the contractors, com-
mence either at Vicksburg or New Orleans, as
the Postmaster General and the contractors may
agree. That seems to me to* be, the very best
arrangement that can be made. If the,second sec-
tion be stricken out, and the other provisions of
the amendment now offered by the Senator from '
California be adopted, there will be two routes
going from St. Louis, or rather one starting from
St. Louis and one from St. Joseph, which I con-
sider the same thing, because there are already
mail contracts to carry the mail from St. Louis to
St. Joseph by railway. There is no sort of neces-
sity for having1 two routes from St. Louis. I
hope the second section will not be stricken out,
but that the Postmaster General will be left free,
with the consent of the Butterfield contractors, to
discontinue that portion of the route, if he thinks
it most advisable.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I concur in the views
which have been submitted by the Senator from
Missouri, in favor of striking out the second sec-
tion, and I will state very briefly my reasons. I
beg, in the first place, to reiterate what has been
said by the Sepator from Missouri, that this en-
terprise undertaken under such unpropitious cir-
cumstances, in the early stages of the adventure,
was a mere experiment, and it required men of
the boldest nerve, of the largest capital, and the
most perfect administrative faculties, to carry out
an enterprise of such magnitude. They have
achieved a success that does honor to the enterprise
and energy of our American citizens. It is now a
complete success. It is no longer, as any other
route must be, a mere venture in the dark. They
have carried the mail upon a route which is now
found to be practicable and feasible in every re-
spect. They have equipped that route with all
the muniments and accompaniments and appoint-
ments necessary to the complete and efficient pros-
ecution of the enterprise. Therefore, to release
our hold upon that which we have, and which is
a complete success, to grope about in the dark,
in some other direction, for a substitute for it, is
certainly a very dangerous adventure on our part.
I propose to leave this line just as it is, on the
ground that it is already a complete success, an
accomplished fact, and answers all the purposes,
and comes up to all the expectations of the friends
who advocated its original establishment.
But, Mr. President, look at the policy which
is embraced in this measure. The policy indi-
cated by its provisions is not to provide by one
single route for carrying the mail from the eastern
States to the Pacific, but to carry it by different
routes, so as to subserve all the great sectional
interests of the country. Commencing at the
North, near the head waters of the Mississippi, I
find that St. Paul has a route and Lake Superior
has a branch uniting with it so far upon the other
side of the Rocky Mountains, at the Dalies in
Oregon, as to constitute almost separate and dis-
tinct routes from the extreme northern part of the
country to the slope of the Stony Mountains near
the Pacific coast. I do not object to that. I am
for distributing this kind of favors and benefits
with no sectional motives, and to inure to no par-
ticular sectional advantage.
in the South again, there is a proposition here
to run a mail from New Orleans by way of Gal-
veston, San Antonio, and EI Paso, upon the ex-
treme southern verge of the Union, concentrating
also at San Francisco. That is certainly neces-
sary to accommodate the great commercial inter-
course between New Orleans and the queen city
upon the Pacific slope.
But what then becomes of this great intermedi-
ate region of country that is left abandoned to its
fate—frozen out as it were in favor of the extreme
northern and the extreme southern route? The
central route from St. Joseph is provided for; but
from St. Louis to New Orleans, a distance of
nearly fifteen hundred miles, there is not a point
upon the Mississippi river which is indicated as
the terminus of one of these routes. Is this great
region of country to be thus neglected? Is it so
unimportant; does it cut so poor a figure in the
geography of the country, or m connection with
its great national interests, as to be entirely un-
provided for? Allow the second section of the
amendment of the Senator from California to re-
main as my friend from Missouri and myself
