1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
what they allege to be a violation of contract on
the part of the Secretary of the Treasury. The
Committee on the Judiciary examined the whole
question; and that report was made, I believe, by
Mr. Taylor, of Louisiana. The report is against
the claim for damages, but at the close it states
that they ought to have the remaining amount of
their deposit restored.
Mr. STANTON. Some one sent me, through
the post officc, the report from the Senate in this
case, and I ask that it be read.
Mr. HOUSTON. Sweeney, Rittenhouse& Co.
bid for a portion of a loan, and, under the regula-
tions of the Department, were required to deposit
one per cent, upon the amount of their bid in the
Department. The amount of deposit was proba-
bly thirty thousand dollars, $3,000,000 of the loan
having been accepted by them. They redeemed
probably only about a million and three quarters,
declining to pay in the balance, because they al-
leged that the contract had been violated by the
Secretary of the Treasury. The Department
therefore retained a corresponding portion of their
deposit, and the Committee on the Judiciary be-
lieved that they should have it refunded.
Mr. BRANCH. I am satisfied now that wc
ought to allow no bill to pass, without havingthe
report read or some statement made.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chairman will state
that a report from a committee of the Senate on
this case has been sent to the Clerk's desk. It will
be read.
The Clerk read the report of the Senate.
Mr. BRANCH. I understand that the bill only
proposes to return to these parties the amount of
their actual cfeposit, and not to pay them anything
in the way of damages.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is what I stated.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
MITCHEL, RAMMILSBURG, AND OTHERS.
A bill (H. R. No. 428) directing the Secretary
of the Interior to liquidate the accounts of Mitchell
and Rammilsburg and Baker and Von Phul.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
pay to Mitchell and Rammilsburg, their survivor
orlawful assignee, for furnishing the United States
court-rooms in the city of Cincinnati, Ohio, the
sum of $552 17, which amount, when paid, shall
be in full of their claim against the Government.
It also directs the Secretary of the Interior to
pay to Baker and Yon Phul, theirsurvivor or as-
signee, the sum of $161 20, in full of their account
against the Government for furniture for said
court-room, and all other claims.
The report having been read, the bill was laid
aside, to be reported to the House with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
HEIRS OP EARNT DE KLYN.
A bill (II. R. No. 429) for the relief of the heirs
of Barnt dc Klyn. [Objected to by Mr. Holman.]
HEIRS 0E JONATHAN SKINNER.
A bill (H. R.No. 430) for the relief of the heirs
of Jonathan Skinner.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Serepta Cleveland and the other heirs
of Jonathan Skinner, deceased, late of New Jer-
sey, the sum of $1,285 44, in full consideration for
the destruction of his dwelling-house and other
property destroyed by the British troops while in
the actual military occupancy of the United States
troops at Springfield, New Jersey, during the
war of the Revolution.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to amend the bill by
striking out " $1,285 44," and inserting in lieu
thereof " $875."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. W1NSLOW offered the following proviso,
as an amendment to the bill:
Provided, That the money hereinafter appropriated shall
he paid to tho heirs of said Jonathan Skinner in person, or
to such agent and attorney as shall appear to the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury to be in nowise interested
in said claim, or any part thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON callcd for the reading of the re-
port accompanying the bill.
The report was read. It is shown by the peti-
tion and accompanying evidence that Jonathan
Skinner was a sergeant in the American Army,
and the owner ofadwclling-house and otherprop-
erty, in Springfield, New Jersey; that the dwell-
ing-house and other buildings were taken posses-
sion of by the United States troops, and occupied
as a hospital, guard-house, and commissary store-
house, for some time before and during the battle
of Springfield; and that the British troops on their
retreat after the battle of Springfield, burnt the
buildings so occupied, and other valuables belong-
ing to J onathan Skinner, in consequence of such
occupancy. The valueof the property destroyed
is shown to have been <£482 Is. 4d., by the certi-
fied copy of the amount of loss sustained, and
ascertained under the authority of the Legislature
of New Jersey, May 11,1789, and placed on rec-
ord, as appears by the certificate of the Secretary
of State and Governor of New Jersey, under their
seals, which certificate also shows the fact that
the same has not been paid or satisfied.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
HENRY BROCKIIOLST LIVINGSTON.
A bill (H. R. No. 431) for the relief of the sur-
viving children and issue of any deceased child
and children of Henry Brockholst Livingston.
[Objected to by Mr. Holman.]
KERR, BRIERLY & CO.
A bill (H. R. No. 432) for the relief of Kerr,
Brierly, & Co.
Mr. THOMAS. I object to that bill.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Let me ask the
gentleman to take back that objection, and letthe
bill be reported to the House, with the under-
standing that there shall be a vote by yeas and
nays upon it in the House.
Mr. HOARD. I object to the bill, if the other
objection is withdrawn.
MENOMONEE INDIANS.
A bill (H. R. No. 433) to authorize the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs to adjudicate and set-
tic ccrtain claims against the Menomonce In-
dians.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to call the attention
of the committee to this case, and I hope they will
remember it. The claimant, in this case, in the
Thirty-Fourth Congress, hadabillpassedmaking
an appropriation of $6,000 for his benefit, and
now he comes back and wants another appropria-
tion. I hope the committee will bear him in mind.
I objcct to the claim.
JOHN F. SANFORD.
A bill (H. R. No. 434) for the relief of John
F. Sanford, administrator de bonis non of the estate
of Robert Sanford, deceased.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to John F. Sanford, ad-
ministrator de bonis non of Robert Sanford, late
of Westmoreland county, Virginia, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, the sum of $463, in full satisfaction of the
claim of Robert Sanford's estate, for personal
property destroyed by the enemy in the late war
with Great Britain, in conscquence of the dwell-
ing-house in which the property was situated
being occupied by the American troops.
The report shows that the dwelling-house sit-
uated on JSfomony river, in Westmoreland county,
Virginia, on a farm known as Walnut Farm,
which belonged to the heirs of Robert Sanford,
deceased, was at least on one occasion, prior to
the time when it was destroyed, occupied by the
Virginia militia as barracks; that on the 18th of
July, 1814, sundry barges, exceeding twenty in
number, filled with British troops, passed up the
Nomony river to a point above Walnut Farm.
Upon the intelligence of this ascent being dissem-
inated through the country, a company of the
one hundred and eleventh regiment Virginia mili-
tia was hastily collected at Walnut Farm on the
next day, with a view of intercepting or annoying
the enemy on their return. On the return of the
enemy the next day they landed atWalnntFarm,
and on their approach to the house they were fiied
on by some forty or fifty of the militia who were
stationed in the dwelling-house and the adjacent
out-houses, who immediately retreated in conse-
quence of the superiority of the attacking force.
The enemy immediately set fire to the dwelling-
house and all the out-houses, which, with their
contents, were totally destroyed.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pa3S.
ELIZA A. MERCHANT.
A bill (H. R. No. 436) for the relief of Efea
Merchant, widow the late First Lieutenant
ana Brevet Captain Charles G. Merchant, of,the
United States Army.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Eliza A Merchant pn the.pen-
sion list, at the rate of fifteen dollars por month,
to commence on the 4th of March, I860, and con-
tinue during her life.
It appears from the report, that the petitioner,
on behalf of herself and child, claims a pension
for the reason that her husband, the late First
Lieutenant and Brevet Captain Charles G. Mer-
chant, died in the military service of the United
States, at Pascagoula, Mississippi, on the 4th of
September, 1855. Petitioner alleges that her hus-
band, Lieutenant Merchant, graduated at the Uni-
ted States Military Academy at West Point, on
the 30th of June, 1843, and was promoted to bre-
vet second lieutenant in the eighth regiment Uni-
ted States infantry, July 1, 1843; that he served
during the war with the Mexican republic, and
was breveted first lieutenant, September 8, 1847,
for gallant and meritorious conduct at the battle
of Molino del Rey, and brevet captain, September
13, 1847, for gallant and meritorious conduct at
the battle of Chepultepec; and on his return from
Mexico, he was ordered to Texas, and in an affair
with the Indians, May 20, 1850, was severely
wounded, from which he never fully recovered.
No objection being made, the bill was laid
aside, to Be reported to the House with a'recom-
mendation that it do pass.
GEORGE B. BACON.
An act (S. No. 58) for the relief of George B. <
Bacon, late acting purser of the sloop-of-war
Portsmouth.
The bill, which was read, directs the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury to allow to
George B. Bacon, late acting purser of the sloop-
of-war Portsmouth, in the settlement of his ac-
counts, out of any money in the Treasury, not
otherwise appropriated, the amount properly pay-
able to a purser of a sloop-of-war, for his services
as acting purser during the period he acted as
purser, deducting therefrom the amount paid to
bacon, for the same period, as commander's
clerk.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
BENJAMIN TYSON.
A bill (H. R. No. 437) for the relief of Benja-
min Tyson.
Mr. GARTRELL. I have read very carefully
tho report in this case, and I feel it my duty to
object.
WILLIAM R. DRAPER.
A bill (H. R. No. 438) for the relief of the legal
representatives of William B. Draper. [Objected
lo by Mr. Branch.]
ELIPIIALET BROWN, JR.
A bill (II. R. No. 439) for the relief of Eli-
phalct Brown, jr. [Objected to by Mr. Thomas.]
Mr. KUNKEL. I move that the commiuce
do now rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
ANN SCOTT.
An act (S. No. 60) for the relief of Ann Scott.
The bill, which was read, directs that there be
paid to Mrs. Scott, widow of the late William B.
Scott, two percent, upon such sums as he paid
from the Navy pension fund during the time he
was Navy agent at Washington.
The report was read. It appears therefrom that
the lato William B.Scott was appointed Navy agent -
at Washington in the year 1834,and for the faith-
ful performance of the duties of which office he
gave the bonds required; that in 1839, in addition to
his duties as Navy agent, he was charged with the
payment of Navy pensions, and in consequence
was required to increase the penalty of his bond,
under separate sureties, as Navy pension agent, as
well as to employ extra force in his office, for which
no provision was made at the time of his appoint-
ment, and that he continued so to disburse the
amounts due to the pensioners until June 5, 1849,
when he ceascd to be Navy agent; that judgment
was obtained against him by the United States
