1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
239
subjcct, he relieved me very much of one of my
most serious chili cullies. As Governor of Vir-
ginia, it had been my pleasure,and, as I conceived,
my duty, to press the question of emigrating our
free negroes from within the borders of Virginia.
I told him that the difficulty was that we did not
know exactly where to send them; that I did not
desire the emigration of free negroes from any
unkindness to them, but because they were a de-
moralizing link between the white men and the
slaves; that, under our institutions and our con-
victions, it was impossible for them to have those
advantages and means of improvement of which
it was claimed they were capable; and therefore
wc desired to send them among their sympothi?-
ers, that they might show that they were equal
id white men. I stated that I was relieved from
that difficulty, because New York would have no
difficulty in receiving that class of persons, as he
assured nie. He replied: " None, none; wc will
recer.e them with great pleasure; we have a great
deal of difficulty with the German and Irish voters
in times of election; wc have to raise a £;reat deal
of money to secure their votes; and they take our
money and then vote against us; but we have
no fcuch trouble with the colored people." I
replied: "This is a very remarkable conversa-
tion, I must be allowed to say, and, I repeat, it
frees me from no little difficulty. My policy is,
with every cargo of flour wc send North, to send
a certain number of free negroes as free passen-
gers. X-Ie said, '* send them to us; wc will receive
them with pleasure,and exchange an Irishman or
a German for them all day long." I replied X
would be happy to make such an exchange, be-
cause we could make good citizens of the Irish
and Germans, but that it was impossible to do so
of the redoes. I mentioned this conversation to >
Senator Footc,and perhaps some others, and the 1
subject was afterwards mentioned on the floor oi
the Senate by Senator Foote. The Senator from '
New York, I understand, said nothing m reply i
to Senator Foote's exposition of the matter, al- \
though it was said that the gentleman's silence
would be regarded as giving consent, and I also
understood that a paper conducted by Mr. Ritchie
made the charge, and the Albany Journal denied
it; but bring asked if denied by authority was
silent.
All. Clerk, what 1 have said upon this subject
has been entirely according to my recollection this
day.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would inquire of the
gentleman when that com ersation took pla"o?
Mr. SMITH, of Viigima. In 1847 or id-18, m
the city of Richmond.
Mr. FA R N S W 0 RT H. In the gentleman's
o*ucc ?
Air. SMITH, of Virginia. In the public coun-
cil chamber. 9[
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Who were present ? i
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Some one or two !
of the officials were present. I will say further, !
that Senator Foote told me lie aftei wards had a ,
laugh with Senator Si:ward upon the subject, and I
that that gentleman did not question the accuracy i
of his exposition of that matter. j
Mr. FARNSWORTH. T would like to in- j
quire of the gentleman whether he also had a i
laugh with Governor Seward about it? I
3Vlr. SMITH, of Virginia. No, sir. I did not.
Mr. Seward was a stranger to mc We talked
upon grave questions as strangers, and upon the
discussion oi grave questions laughter would not
be likely to occur.
Mr. FOUKE. It is no wonder that the gentle-
man is a little ticklish on this point. The Re-
publican party i^ not prepared yet'to ingraft that
portion of tlvir creed on the people of Illinois.
They have not yet done with the foreign popula-
ttonof that State. Therefore, gentleman do not
hke to hear of the acts of the Republican party:
but it is well known that they regard this foreign
population as unworthy of the same consideration j
that the free negro receives at their hands. j
I thank my fnond from Virginia for his cour- |
tesy in yielding me the floor, and I am extronvly .
sorry to have trespassed on him so long. I say
to my friends, let us meet the foe together, stand- '
ing on the same platform, and carrying the same '
banner under which we have fought so long and j
so faithfully together, shoulder to shoulder, and i
you will find the Illinois Democracy pressing for- j
ward against this irrepressible-conflict party; and I
our last words in the contest shall be, State sov-
ereignty and notional Union.
Mr. §MITH, of Virginia, resumed the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I appeal to the gen-
tleman from Virginia to yield mc the floor for a
few moments.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. How many min-
utes ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. A very few minutes.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well; time it by
" Shrewsbury clock." How many minutes do
you wont5
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not think over
ten minutes.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Very well; you
shall have ten minutes, or you shall have fifteen
minutes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That will do.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Very well.
Air. FARNSWORTH. I have but a few words
to say in reply to my colleague. So far as John
Drown is concerned, I am satisfied that the gen-
tlemen who continue to belabor poor old John
Brown, who, as my colteaguc sav^, is now food
for worms, must be afraid of ghosts. The man
w dead, and, os the poet savs, Uburi-ed." We
make no issue upon hnn. The Republican party
has nowhere indorsed his raid. They have no-
where presented any issue in regard to him. So
far as the Republican party of Illinois is con-
cerned, as a State party, it stands on the Philadel-
phia piriform of 1856, it stood there then; it
stands tin re to-day.
In regard to the point which my colleague makes
as to negro equality, I rim aware that that was the
burden of the speeches of the great man whom
they worship,i| Illinois.during the campaign of
1856. So far as the Republicans of I.'lmois are
concerned, they do not make any question as to
the social or political equality of the colored iace
with the white race. I behe\e that m the State
of New Yoik eolured people are permitted to ^ ote.
In the State of Tennessee the colored people were
permitted to vote. I think that while Cave John-
son was a member of Congress he stated that he
was indebted to the colored voters of his district
for his seat on this floor.
Air. AVERY. When was that?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman does
not deny that colored people voted in his State?
Air. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Call them "nig-
bTl'r. FARNSWORTH. Well, the gentleman
can call them " niggers, "if that is more to his taste.
Mr. DAVIS, of Alissisxippi. That is more
natural [T/uurhter 1
Air. FARNSWORTH. I have heard enough,
Mr. Cierk, on this subject of negio equality. It
com« s with a bad grace, a very had grace, from
the Democratic parly. They are throwing it up
everywhere that the Republicans are in favor of
the social and political equality of th^ negro. So
fdi as the rjght of coloied men to vote h con-
cerned, that is a question belonging to the States.
If States permit colored men to vote, it is none of
my online.;s [ nm nut aware that where they do
vote they have ever produced any very seuous
evil orwiong. When it is said that we are m
favor of social equality with negroes, it is false.
Mr. LOGAN. * f ask the gentleman, is there
any distinction in his district between negroes
ana white people m the schools' Do not white
and coloied children to the same school?
Air. FARNSWORTH. I do not know of any
colored children going to school. There nre none
in the town where I reside. If there were any,
they ought to go to school.
Air. LOGAN. Do you not know ihat in the
city of Chicago colored and white children go to
school together?"
Mr FARNSWORTH. As I eaid before, in
regard to social equality, we leave that to the
teste of people. Rfpuhh-"?1^? ere not at ajl afro:d
that they will marry negroes, "it lvqwres no r"-
straining laws to prevent that. If my Democratic
friends are afraid that the}' Will be temp!< d to in-
termarry with colored people, I will very cheer-
fully join in voting them a res! raining lav/ to pre-
vent u. Rut, sir, before the law, so far as the
protection of the natural rights of man is con-
cerned, the negro is my equal, and the equal of
my colleague. When it comes u> the question of
protection of his natural rights, I say he is en-
titled to the protection of the courts as much as I
am. When it comes to the question of his right
to eat the fruits of the earth wiiich his own hands"
have tilled, he is my equal, and the equal of my
colleague. When it comes to the question of pro-
tection of life, he is my equal, and the equal of my
colleague. But when it comes to the question as
to who shall sit at my table, or at the table of my '
colleague, or as to whom we shall marry, that is
pretty much a matter of taste. My taste revolts
against such an equality as the latter. But if my'
friend is afraid that ho will sit down with a col-
ored man, or marry a colored woman, I am will-
ing to vote for a restraining law. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. Did not the Republicans in the
Legislature of the State of Illinois vote for a law
abrogating all laws m regard to the distinction
between whites and blacks giving testimony in
courts of justice ?
Air. FARNSWORTH _ 1 think that a Repub-
lican member of the Legislature did once intro-
duce 8uch«a law. If ho did not, he ought to have
done so.
Mr LOGAN. Then I ask the gentleman an-
other question: Did notthc Republican members
of the last Legislature of Illinois vote to expurgate
the word "white" from the school law, so as to
lot it include blacks and whites ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not know. Very
likely.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, I state that they did do so.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. In answer to the gen-
tleman 's interrogatory, I presume that some mem-
ber of tin* Republican party may have introduced
a bill to allow colored men to testify; and, as I
said, if ho did not, he ought to have done so. In
our State, we permit a man who docs not believe
m the existence of a God to testify. Wc permit
the man to testify who comes into court covered
all over,fromheud to foot, with moral corruption
and pollution; and the question of his veracity
and credibility is submitted to the jury That is
the test Why, sir, a horse or a calf may testify
by being exhibited to the jury; and I tell you that
no man is unfit to come before a court of justice
and testify God's truth, I do not care whether he
be black or white. And when a law says that a
man who is assaulted and robbed by some vil-
lainous,sooiindrcly Democratic white man—some
Democratic dough face—shall not go before a court
of justice and take his oath of the fact, and put
that man on trial, for his own protection, I say it
is a damnable statute and should be blotted out.
Is the gentleman answered 5
Mr. LOGAN. I am satisfied if you are.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. How is the Democ-
racy now, which the gentleman says never does
wrong?
Air. LOGAN. Very well; I thank you.
[Lauahtui.}
Mr: FARNSWORTH. A few years ago Sen-
ator Douglas, the man whom they worship in
our State, declared that the Missouri compromise
had an origin akin to the Constitution, and that
no reckless hand dared to disturb it. In 1848, I
think it was, the Democratic Legislature of the
State of Illinois passed resolutions instructing her
Senators ;md requesting her Representatives to
vote to apply the Wilmot pro\ u-o to all the terri-
tory which had been acquired from Mexico. That
was done by the Democracy of Illinois. In 1850,
the Democratic convention, at Johet, in the con-
gressional district of which Mr. Lovejoy is now
the Representative, passed a resolution that it was
not only the ricrht, but the duty of Congress, to
prevent the extension of slavery into all Territo-
ries that were free. That was the doctrine of ihc
Democracy °f Illinois then. Is it the doctrine of
the Democracy of Illinois now?
Mr. LOGAN. I will answer vou.
Air. F YRNSWORTH. Aly friend, the other
dav, paid that he had learned one thing, "that
the Democracy never did wrong! "
Air LOGAN. In national convention,I said.
Yes, I have learned that, and 1 will stand by it.
I will answer mv colleague. If the Democracy
in Mr. Loveioy's da tnctdid pass a resolution of
that kind, I do not knowanvthing about it. But,
if they did, they were only "taking the initiatory
step?' towards Republicanism, arid there is evi-
dence of that m the fact that the gentleman is here
by six or seven thousand majority In6verhcard
of that resolution, but the predecessor of Air.
Lovejoy was not a Democrat; and, if there has
been a Democratic Representative from that dis-
