3148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
would have it, and it subserves all the great pur-,
ppses of the country. You have these two dupli-
cate lines going from the extreme North; you
have the line from the South; you have the line
from St. Joseph; and then you have the line
branching from St, Louis ana Memphis on the
central route. This accommodates all the great
business, all the lines of settlement, and all the
geographical interests which center on the Mis-
sissippi river from the Belize on the south to the
Lake of the Woods on the north. This, it seems
to me, would accomplish something like an equal
division and equal distribution of the geograph-
ical benefits of this measure. I understand that,
by striking out this section, and leaving the But-
terfield route as it is, we strike out the only pro-
vision here made for carrying the mail from New
Orleans to San Francisco. That is an omission
which I advise my friends from Texas can be
very well remedied by a distinct and separate
provision for that route; and I am sure the Sena-
tors from Louisiana and from Texas do not wish
to profit at the expense of Arkansas and Missouri,
and all the central southern States, the double tier
of them reaching from Memphis clear throughto
the Atlantic ocean—Tennessee, North Carolina,
Virginia, Georgia, Northern Alabama, and North-
ern Mississippi. There is no point at which the
great mail communication of this vast region de-
bouches on the Mississippi, except at Memphis;
and then would you crcate the necessity of bring-
ing them south hundreds of miles, or as far north,
in order to seek an outlet to the Pacific ocean? By
adopting this route already in existence, whose
success lias been completely vindicated, you an-
swer the purpose completely, and the wants of
Texas and Louisiana can be answered by a sep-
arate amendment. If this motion succeeds, I shall
supportan amendment authorizing the Postmaster
General to open an independent and distinct route
from NewOrleans, by way of Galveston and San
Antonio, to El Paso, where it can connect with
the Buttcrfield route, that is already established
and in such complete and successful operation.
I hope, therefore, that those sections who are
already provided for here will not content them-
selves with getting what they want, but will trouble
themselves somewhat to sec that justice is done
to a section which, if this amendment of the Sen-
ator from California is allowed to stand as it is,
will have great injustice inflicted on it—I mean
the great southern central States of the Union.
Mr. HALE. I want to say a word or two in
relation to the subject, on which several of the
Senators who have spoken have touched, and that
is the service of the Buttcrfield route, which has
been lauded very much. So far as any commend-
ations have been given to these gentlemen for the
fidelity and regularity with which they have per-
formed their service, I have not a word to say. I
believe it has been everything which has been said
of it in that respect; but when it is said to have
been a complete success, I beg leave to differ; and
I say that a more total, utter, and entire failure
ncverattended any enterprise. 1 will read to you
from the report of the Postmaster General on tins
Butteificlc! route to begin with. lie says, in his
annual report:
"■ The Mii'ViCC upon tins e\tendecl route lids been per-
Conned will) great regulaiity,and <;eneraily within schedule
time; but the contract has proved oueoj tile heaviest btu
dens to which the Department has ever been subjected.
With an e\pendiuiro at the rate of $600,000 peramuun, the
postages leecivcdiu return have not amounted to mote than
$27,229 91; so that, after making allowances foi such in-
crease as may be anticipated, the Depaitinent, at tile <\\ ju-
ration of the six jear-. for which the contiact was cnteied
into, will have lost from tins toute alone more titan tluce
million doliais."
That is the entire success which has attended
this establishment. Again, sir, in the last Con-
gress this matter was brought before the attention
of the Senate, and the Senate, by a very decided
vote, determined that they had control over it,
and might reduce it, and they did, by a vote of
the Senate, which failed to become a law, from the
fact that die bill failed between the two Houses,
and did not finally pass. Subsequently, the Post-
master General, seeing what a dead weight this
contract was upon the Department, and that it
was sinking nearly the whole amount of the pay,
determined, if possible, to curtail it, and he ap-
plied to the Attorney General, and the Attorney
General, in a written opinion, told him that from
the peculiar phraseology of the contract, or from
the omission of the ordinary qualification giving
the right to curtail, he had not the right, but it
was left for Congress. I do not know how it will
strike Congress, but I believe that that principle
of law and of the Constitution, which makes all
"property, of whatever character, subject to the
necessities of the public service, applies equally
to a franchise under a contract as to any other
species of property; that the tenure by which in-
dividuals hold their real estate is of just as high
and sacred a character, to say the least, as that
which a party has under a congressional contract;
and if we think the public interest requires it, we
have an undoubted right to annul the whole con-
tract, paying to the contractors just exactly what
we think, or what an impartial tribunal may
think, is due to them by way of liquidated dam-
ages.
Now, sir, if I understand these contractors—
and I have seen them, and I think I am not mis-
taken in the assurance which they give to me—
they are willing to abandon the contract at once,
and release the Government from this burden,
which, if the Government holds on to, will causc
it a loss of §3,000,000, as the Postmaster General
says. They are willing to abandon the whole of
it for one year's pay, which is $600,000. If you
will pay them a round sum of §600,000 they will
go off content, and you will save, by that opera-
tion, §2,400,000—or nearly that. In my humble
judgment, the true policy of the Government is
to abandon this contract entire, and pay these
gentlemen honorably and honestly what is their
due; and they are willing to take the sum which
I have indicated—§600,000.
I am perfectly aware, in approaching this sub-
ject, that it is one of embarrassment; and these
embairassmunts tire increased by the interests
which are connected with this legislation which
is now called for on the part of Congress. I hold
in my hand a paper purporting to be an extract
from a communication addressed t$ a New York
newspaper, speaking of one of these bills—I be-
lieve, substantially, the one before us now. The
writer says:
" It is understood that it satisfies all the interests con-
cerned."
And I beg the attention of the Senate to the
enumeration of the people who are satisfied, as a
reason why wc should pass this bill. In the first
place, "it satisfies" the Overland Mail Company.
Jiuttei'field & Co. arc content with this bill.
Air. POLIC. What bill is it that the Senator
is referring to?
Mr. HALE. The one now before the Senate,
the proposition of the honorable Senator from
California, [Mr. Latham.] Next "the Vanderbilt
! Company, and the Pacific Mail Company." These
| three are all satisfied; and then, fourth, comes the
"Post Office Depaitment." That is the fourth
thing wluch is satisfied in the order in which they
are given in this paper. "And lastly, the south-
western members." There you have a regular
gradation—the Overland Mail Company first,
Vanderbilt next, the Pacific Mail Company next
—they are all satisfied; and then comes the Post
Office Department, and finally the southwestern
members.
That is only a fair specimen of the manner in
which these outside influences are constantly
brought to bear. And now I will proceed with this
Buttcrfield company. I give you the opinion of
the Postmaster General, that it is a dead drain
on the Treasury to nearly the amount of six hun-
dred thousand dollars a year, and that if we go
oil with the contract we shall lose three million.
They are willing to take §600,000 now and go off,
thus saving us over two million. The Senate at
the last Congress expressed an opinion in favor
of this saving.
Again, the Buttcrfield company, for which so
much credit is asked, in my humble judgment,
are not entitled to that credit, for they do not run
their route on the line they bid for; but that is
not their fault. They were crowded down some
eight degrees south of that. They started at St.
Louis, making an ox-bow across the continent.
This was done by the Postmaster General. He
compelled tliem to go there, contrary to the route
thtjy bid for. Instead of being pioneers to explore
a route across the continent, and establish the
practicability of an overland mail, they actually
went down to El Paso, and there took a route
which was already in successful operation, and
drove off the pioneers who literally established
the practicability of the overland route, and occu-
pied one that was already explored and in suc-
cessful operation. So much for the credit that is
due to them on that score. They are now running
at an annual loss to the Department of over half
a million dollars.^ As I said before, they are gen-
erous; for while they are making this great drain
on the Treasury I do not know that they arc
putting a great deal in their own pockets, and
they are willing to take the §600,000 and go off;
and 1 would give it to them, and be glad to give
it to them, and think it would be a great saving
to the country if they would take it.
This is a vital question for Congress to decide.
It is whether they will have an overland mail or
an ocean steam mail to California, or both com-
bined. I think the two combined make the very
worst possible system that human ingenuity can
suggest. I think we should either take one or
the other. If we have an ocean line, it may just
as well take the whole mail as a part; and'the
considerations which operate in favor of an over-
land mail system should be weighed, it seems to
me, in contrast with the ocean steam service. I
have understood, if I am not exceedingly mis-
taken in this matter, that it is the opinion of men
conversant with the subject that the interests of
the country will be better subserved by an over-
land mail than by the ocean scrvice.
The honorable Senator from California, [Mr.
Gwik,] I know, in all the conversation we have
had together upon the Committee on tin Post
Oflice and Post Roads, has been uniform in his
declarations that he desired an entire overland
mail system. The system which .is now under
consideration, presented by his colleague, seems
to me vicious in this material respect, that it re-
tains the ocean mail scrvice and at the same time
establishes an overland mail, and does not burden
the latter with the entire mail matter. An idea
has been started, which, 1 suppose, will be ar-
gued on this floor, that it is impracticable to take
the whole mail matter by an overland line. I am
authorized to say by those who, I think, know
whereof they affirm, and who are able and ready
and willing to make good their sayings, that it is
not so, and that responsible contractois can be
found to carry the entire mail of the country over-
land, dispensing entirely with steam service.
Then, sir, if you come to the conclusion that
you want an overland mail system entirely, my
judgment, from the best reflection I have been able
to give the subject, and it has not been a little, is
that it is due to the northern settlements to give
an overland mail according to the proposition sub-
mitted by the honorable Senator from Minnesota,
by which he provides for a weekly mail, going
from St. Paul across the country to the Pacific
coast, at an annual expense of §200,000; and then
establish an overland mail direct from St. Louis
to San Francisco tri-wcekly for §600,000, or daily
for §800,000 a year, carrying the entire mail from
St. Louis to San Francisco. Then, if the Butter-
field contract was out of the way—as it ought to
be, for it takes §600,000 a year from the Treas-
ury, and, instead of benefiting, rather retards
what would be a wholesomeandefficientsystem—
you could have another mail, tri-wcekly or semi-
weekly,from NewOrleans,by way ofElPaso, to
the Pacific coast, and that can be had for fourhun-
dred or six hundred thousand dollars a year, I
think for §400,000 semi-weekly; which would
make the entire cost of a total overland system,
taking the whole matter and giving a daily mail
between St. Louis and San Francisco, one million
four hundred thousand or one million six hundred
thousand dollars a year; and giving, in addition
to all the routes which have been spoken of, the
route that has been indicated in committee by the
Senator from Minnesota. In my humble judg-
ment, that is the true policy of the Government.
It is to abandon the mail steamers altogether, and
to look at once to an efficient national system of
carrying the mails across our own country on the
routes that are indicated, or substantially those:
one from St. Paul, one from St. Louis, and one
from New Orleans; and if you do this, it will be
but a very little time before the postages will bear
no inconsiderable relation to the expenses, instead
of being, as the Postmaster General tells you they
are on the Buttcrfield route, §27,000 of income
to §600,000 of outlay.
I confess that there has been no subject before
Congress, since I have been a member of it, that
