1260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
Mr. SICKLES. Being somewhat familiar with
the election laws of New York, I should like to
say a, word, if the gentleman from North Caro-
lina will allow me.
Mr. GILMER. The gentleman will have an
fcpbortunity of being heard hereafter.
Mr. CON&LING. If I am to understand that
this case goes upon the theory that the inspectors
of election, or some other body of men snort of
the State canvassers, could make this determina-
tion, why, it is one thing; and that is a theory
which has not been advanced yet, unless it is ad-
vanced now by the answer which the gentleman
from North Carolina makes to me. If, on the
contrary, I am to suppose, as I have supposed up
to this time, that the legal determination on which
this act is predicated is the determination of the
board of State canvassers, I ask the gentleman
from North Carolina to put his finger on the page
or part of a page in this document which shows
that any such " legal determination/' to use the
\tords embodied in this statute, has taken place;
'and 1 ask him whether it is not true that the only
statement with regard to a determination em-
bodied in this certificate is the statement that they
cannot, that they will not, and that they do not,
adjudicate, determine, or certify, that any man
whatever is entitled to a seat from this district?
Now, I want to see where it is that the determin-
ation^ made by the board of State canvassers.
Mr. GILMER. I have not examined and
turned my attention particularly to the New York
statutes in relation to the county canvassers; but
if it be as I would suppose it to be, I would take
it'that their having counted up the votes and de-
clared the result would enable the party wanting
to contest to proceed under the act of Congress.
But all this is to no purpose. I look to the facts
found and declared by the State canvassers. They
made a declaration and a finding of facts. Their
declaration and finding of facts Is like the verdict
of a jury; the judgment of the court is another
thing. So the granting or refusal of a certificate
of election—the act of only requiring the finding
and declaring of the result of the voting. This
act says nothing of a certificate of election. There
may be a declaration—a finding of facts, and these
facts recorded upon the records of the court; and
yet there may be no judgment. So there may be
a finding as to the result of an election, and it may
be of record; and it is upon that that the party
has a right to move, under the act of 1851. Sup-
pose the canvassers certify to you that this man
nas received a plurality of votes for member of
Congress, and that the ballots were for Repre-
sentative in Congress, and then he asks you for a
judgment or certificate: I should like to see the
member of this House who would risk his repu-
tation by saying : " Sir, upon that special finding
I cannot give you a certificate."
' I venture to say there is not a gentleman upon
'.his floor who will risk his reputation by sustain-
ng any such quibble. My friend says that if he
nad this imputation made against him for fraud
and bribery, and made by the counsel upon the
other side, he would not hesitate to demand an
investigation. He would open the door wide; he
would not shrink from any investigation. Well,
Mr. Speaker, 1 rather think that if the tables were
turned upon my friend from Massachusetts, and
a contestant came here fifteen ninths after his
election, having given him no previous notice, and
presented an allegation sustained by an affidavit
to no fact whatever, stating only what he had
heard from parties who were particeps criminis,
who named none specially that had been bribed,
giving no names of persons implicated, or of re-
spectable witnesses by whom he expectcd to prove
the allegation, I say I doubt whether my friend
would, under such circumstances, voluntarily
yield to go home, incur costs, and try the con-
test. Yet that is no stronger a case than the one
now before us, in which we are asked to send the
member from New York home tohis district, leav-
ing his duties here in this Congress, to try the con-
test m respect to the charges that are brought, or
rather suggested, in this memorial.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 shall detain the House
out a few moments, and shall endeavor to speak
„o the point m the contested matter before us. It
s distinctly understood that we have a preliminary
matter before the House. There is nothing in this
controversy which can have any influence upon
the merits of the case. If the resolution reported
by the majority of the committee shall be adopted
by the House, the merits may be inquired into
hereafter, £nd will come up for the action of this
body in due time. The question now before us
is, whether the contestant shall have an opportu-
nity of inquiring into the fraud, bribery, and cor-
ruption alleged in his memorial and in the affida-
vit of Mr. Mclntire, with, as I claim, sufficient
distinctness, certainty, and force. "We are told on
the other side that there is nothing in this affida-
vit, and nothing in the memorial, to justify the
action of the House so far as to authorize an in-
quiry into the truth of the allegations therein con-
tained. Sir, I claim that this contestant could not
have made the charge of illegal voting more dis-
tinctly than he has made it in his memorial; and
that a more distinct affidavit of facts than that of
Mr. Mclntire was never made before a chancellor,
or before a court of common law jurisdiction for
their action; and further, that to make the charges
more directly would be impossible, unless the par-
ties to the fraud themselves voluntarily came for-
ward and made affidavit to the facts within their
knowledge.
Now, sir, before I dismiss the manner in which
these charges or fraud, bribery, and corruption
are set out in the petition and affidavit, I desire to
call attention to tne memorial of the contestant.
My friend from North Carolina [Mr. Gilmer]
has not referred to that memorial at all. He has
passed over it with a significant silence. This
contestant charges bribery and corruption upon
the sitting member in his memorial as well as in
the affidavit, and this is the charge which is sub-
mitted to the consideration of the House. Now,
what is contained, first, in the memorial? I call
the attention of members to it. They have it in
print before them. Mr. Williamson goes on to
say:
u That he has been informed by various persons, and
venly believes, that a large number of the votes which
puijiort to have been given oi cast for the t-aid Daniel E.
Sickles, and which were officially icturned and counted
for him, and allowed to him *by the said board of county
canvassers, and which form a part of the aforesaid number
of 3.176 votes or ballots, were illegal votes introduced into
the ballot-boxes surreptitiously and fraudulently by the said
Sickles, or by others with bis knowledge or consent, or by
others of their own accord, with the intent of, and for the
purpose of defeating the true expiession of the intention
and wishes of the legal voters or electors of the said dis-
trict, and of securing, or appearing to secure, the return or
election of the &aid Sickles to your honorable body fraud-
ulently and corruptly."
Now, here is a distinct charge that there was
illegal voting procured and countenanced by the
sitting member. Does ho say he knows it him-
self? How could he know it of his own knowl-
edge, unless he had participated in the fraudulent
transactions? How could he bring the charge be-
fore the House unless upon information derived
from parties who had participated in the illegal
voting? Suppose a certain number of voters upon
the poll-list came forward and stated before this
House that they voted for the sitting member and
voted illegally and fraudulently: the House would
act upon that information. The contestant comes
into the House and makes affidavit that these par-
ties informed him of the fact, and that he verily
believes he can prove it. Are you not compelled,
or at least authorized, to act upon that statement?
Why, sir, when you go before a court of equity
jurisdiction, and ask for a bill of discovery to in-
quire into certain alleged frauds, if you make
affidavit that you have been informed and verily
believe—stating the ground of your belief—that
A, B, C, D, E, F, have done certain acts, is it ne-
cessary to bring the affidavits of the parties to the
fraudulent transaction before the court will grant
you the relief prayed for? No, sir; in ninety-nine
cases out of one hundred you merely state, and
the court will act upon the statement, that you
have been informed by third persons, and verily
believe, that you will be able to prove the truth of
the matters and things set out in your petition.
But this memorial goes on to set out, with great
distinctness, what the contestant complains of.
He says:
u That in the five election districts of the first ward of the
city of New York, which is a portion of the said third con-
giessional district, ballots or votes were suneptitiougly and
fraudulently introduced into the ballot-boxes thereof, which
said ballots had on them the name of the said Sieklcs as
such Representative as aforesaid, such ballots being to the
number of about twenty in each district, and were counted
and officially allowed by the inspectors of election having I
charge and legal control of said ballot-boxes, for and on be-
half of said Sickles, and that such ballots were made to
form a part of the whole number of votes returned, and pur-
porting to have been cast for him."
There, sir, is a distinct allegation of fraud made
by the memorialist, from his own knowledge. He
further states, that a large number of soldiers in
the service of the United States, from various parts
of the country, were collected in the district; that
fhey had no legal right to vote, but did vote for
the sitting member. He further alleges:
"That a large number of persons, not residents of said
congressional district, but who reside without the same,
and persons who temporarily aftd otherwise lived on board
vessels afloat  at various docks, and who were not legal
voters in the said district,were employed and paid by the said
Sickles or his agents to cast bailots Or votes on one or more
occasions for the said Sickles in said district, and that iheie
were over one hundred illegal votes cast by such persons
for the said Sickles."
It is true that the memorialist derives his in-
formation in some instances from other persons,
but he makes his allegations with distinctness,
and alleges that he'is able to prove them. He
says further:
" That large sums of money were expended by the said
Sickles and his agents for the purpose of bribery and cor-
ruption, to procure and cause illegal votes or ballots to be
cast and returned for. him; and that he furnished large
sums of money to other persons to be us ed and pa;d out by
them for the purpose of bribery, and co bribe persons to
vote or cast ballots for the said Sickles."
And there are other charges of the same nefa-
rious purport; yet we are told by gentlemen on
the other side that there is no specification setting
forth the names of the persons who polled these
illegal votes, nor has the memorialist named the
parties who made use of this moneyed influence
referred to in the petition of the contestant. I
answer, it is not necessary to set out the names of
the illegal voters in the memorial. It is not neces-
sary in a bill of information or indictment to set
out the evidence necessary to support it; nor is it
necessary to give the items of evidence by which
the general charges of bribery ana corruption con-
tained in this memorial are to be sustained. Tiie
charge is perfect, when the offense is sufficiently,
and legally described, without the evidence which
supports it. The evidence is for the jury, the
sufficiency of the charge for the court. *To bring
the case within the statute, it is only necessary to
give the opposite party notice of the character
and extent of the charge with reasonable certain-
ty, and that is done in this memorial. Then take
into consideration that the memorial is supported
by the affidavit of a respectable witness, so far as
we know, stating that he has conversed with a
great number of persons, residents of said dis-
trict, who took an active part in the election,and
that he has been informed by those persons, who
were the active supporters of Daniel E. Sickles
in said election, that they participated in the
fraudulent voting, and that there were a large
number of illegal votes cast for said Sickles to
their knowledge, they being particeps criminis in
the transaction. How could it be more direct than
the witness makes it ? I contend that these charges
of fraudulent voting, proved by the statements of
the parties to the fraud, if connected with the
sitting member by competent proof, would be evi-
dence against him. It is the only preliminary in-
formation you can have to ground action upon.
You cannot compel them to testify until process
has been issued by competent authority for that
purpose.
Mr. Speaker, how could this contestant pro-
ceed further, or bring stronger ground for the
proceeding asked for, or more explicitly than he
has done ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
permit me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I must decline. The gen-
tleman will have an opportunity to be heard after
I conclude. I wish to be brief, and to the point.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I only wished to
put a question to the gentleman.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Here, Mr. Speaker, is a
charge of fraud, of illegal voting, extending to
more votes than the sitting member had majority
in that election. Here are charges of ballot-box
stuffing, and we are asked to stifle investigation
and cover up the alleged fraud ? We are told that
we have no power to inquire into these transac-
tions. With this charge, broad and plainly stated,
staring us in the face, we are asked to hide it
away, and to crush it out. We are asked to deny
