240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 24.
trictsmce Republicanism has been known, I never
heard of it.
I wish to say further, that when Mr. Douglas
did seek to extend the Missouri compromise line
to iho Pacific ocean, he did say that it was can-
onized in the hearts of the American people; but
when he made that proposition, you Republicans
and Abolitionist?? of iho North turned your backs
upon it, and refused to extend that line, for the
reason, you paid, that you wanted the subject
kept open so that you might still agitato the ques-
tion of slavery. And for that reason he turned
round and gave you the hot end of the poker, and
has been doinghc ever since, and we intend to
follow it up. [Laughter.]
Air. FAUNS WORTH. I suppose the gentle-
man from Virginia will extend my time inconse-
quence of this interruption?
Air. SMITH, of Virginia. Go on, sir.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I was asking where
this Democracy stand — the Democracy who
4' never do wrong ?" It is very true that Air. Doug-
las, at one time, proposed the extension of the
Missouri hue to the Pacific. Very true it is, that,
so far as the Republicans were concerned, they
were generally opposed to it. But did that change
the principles of Mr. Douglas? Did that mnke
it less "canonized in the hearts of the people?"
There is another thing f desire to refer to. Sunn*
ten or fifteen days before Mr. Doug t, as repoj ted the
bill repealing the Missouri compromise, he made
a report in which he declared that to interfcio with
the Missouri compromise would be a violation of
the compromise measures of 1850. Mr. Douglas
said that, I believe, only ten days before he re-
ported the bill to repeal the Missouri compromise.
Does tlm Democracy ever do wrong:
Mr. LOGAN. Not in national convention.
Mr. FARNSWORTH And yet, when Mr.
Dixon gave notice of his intention to repeal the
Missouri compromise, Mr. Douglas suddenly
arose—for fear Air. Dixon should steal the thun-
der which belonged to the Democracy—and de-
clared that the committee had instructed him to
move a repeal oft ho Missouri compi onuse. Why?
Because,lie said, that ii was in accordance xvilh
(he compromise measures of Thus, Mr.
Douglas, in the eoiuse of ten days, pla< ed him-
self on both sides of the question, by a direct, pal-
pable contradiction. Does the Democracy ever
do wrong? Does Air. Douglas ever do wrong''
I tell my colleague that the Republican paity is no
man-w orsluping party. The Republican party
is founded upon principle. We do not put organ-
ization above principle. The Democratic party of
the, State of Illinois is a man-worshiping party.
They blindly follow and worship ATr. Dougl\s.
Whatever he may say is the law and the gospel
of Democracy with them.
A3 r. FOU K IS. We worship Stepiiux A. Doug-
las and you worship Fred Douglas1-'. (Laughter J
Air. RAitNS WORTH. Well, tin ^eiitlemat
may take the benefit of that: but I nin inclined
to think that Fred js the likelier man of the two.
[Laughter.]
I wish io ask my colleague from the duincy
district [Mr. Morris] if he concurs in the state-
ment of my colleague who was on the floor a shoi t
time since, thai the Douglas pai tv of Illinois will
support whoever is nominated at Chark'.^ton, no
matter on what platform he may stand '
Air MORRIS, of Illinois. 1 have i o desire to
be drawn into this conversation which liasgiown
up between my colleagues here. It is a matter
between them, and with which 1 have nothing to
do. But I will say that I have no doubt that the
Charleston convention will re-adopt the Cincin-
nati platform, and that Air. Douglas and his
friends will support the nominee of the Charles-
ton convention.
Air. FARNSWORTH. That is no answer to
mv question.
Air AiORRIS,of Illinois. Well, then; 1 Will
say that they will, if thatis more satisfactory; for
I have no doubt but that the right platform will be
adopted.
Air. FARNSWORTH. Do 1 understand my
colleague to say that they will do it without refer-
ence to the platform? Air. Douglas declared in
a letter which he wrote some iimv since, that he
would accept the nomination of the Chariest-.:!
convention, provided h< wasplaced on a platform
which recognized the right of the people of a Tev-
ritoiy to exclude slavery.
Air. MORRIS, of Illinois. Will the gentleman j
let me say that we consider all that our business3 ;
and not his. [Laughter.]
Air. FARNSWORTH. Ah ! When we upon
this side are catechised by our colleagues as to our ,
position, we make no such answers. I concede I
that it is uieiv!nismess,huUtis ours, also. 1 want 1
to know with what consistency Mr. Douglas can j
support the nominee of the Charleston convention
on a platform on which he himself would not con- !
sent to be a candidate? I observe the exceeding i
anxiety of my colleagues to place themselves :
right before the Democracy. I commend them 1
to the southern Democracy. I think they have ,
got square upon the southern platform. I think
they ha\e taken upon themselves the mantle of
the southern Democracy, to all intents and pur-
poses, and that after having got down as low as
they have, it does behoove the southern Democ-
racy to take them into full fellowship, and to
place their great lender, Air. Douglas, on the
Charleston platform.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman from
Virginia yield, and permft me to move that the
House ballot again for Speaker?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Idonotknow what
good can come of if.
AJ r. STANTON. I do not know that any good
will come of it. nor can i know until we have tried.
ATr. SMITH, of Virginia. No, sir; I think I
ought to piofeed with my remarks.
Air. STANTON. If ihe gentleman will yield,
I will move that tile House proceed to a ballot for
Speaker.
Air. SAfJTi I, of Vug.nia. I repeat that I do
not believe anv good \\ ill grow out of it. and I w .dl
therefore pioceed £|
ATr. STANTON. Do I undcrSand that_the
gentleman refuses to yield?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia I decline to yield
for that purpose at this time.
Air. BOTELER. Will my colleague yield to
me a moment.
ATr. SMITH, of Virginia. Certainly.
Air. BOTELtiR. I regard it ot no very great
importance, but i have no recollection of using
la nonage such as the following, winch is attrib-
uted to me in the Ciobe of this morning:
" Vii.iintii is heir t > f.pcwlv tbi herself She iceoirmzos
no or-Mti otiMfle of oui limit*. She is hoir\ and roadj to
"•pe.iK ioi lici^eii.
Now, sir. I have no recollection of saying that
Virginia recognizes no organ out-side of our limits,
and I flatter myself ihat the Representatives upon
this floor are recognized as the organ of Virginia,
and they are eejtainly outside of her limits.
Air. SAUTiJ, of Virginia. As I was about to
obsei ve, it w.<s not my purpo.-^e lo engage in the
general debute which has been indulged m bv the
I louse for the lciwi two or three weeks The only
part that 1 ha\e taken heretofore in debate hm:
been m reli rence to the peisonal posnioa of two
members, as is wi 11 known; one the genth man
from Pennsylvania, [A1 r. 31 kkmax. j and the other
the gentleman from New York, [Air. fjasrux.j
{jut, sir, m consequence of the course of remark
which has been indulged in, and especially in con-
sequence of the coui>e of remark wlnth the gen-
tleman from X5' nnsvlvania [Air. Grow] indulged
in a few days ago, I felt impelled, under the im-
pulse of the moment, to take mv port in the drama
\\ Inch is being enacted here and before the coun-
a-y.
A question has been raised in the course of our
proceedings involving the real position of the
Mouse in regard to the proper, legitimate mss^on
before it; and it is right tliar I should call atten-
tion to a m the \ jew ilia; 1 ha\ e, anil that i should
pie*< nt tihvt \ a w to the eounfi-y.
When this House a<.semI led. ll w;s up >n the
heuis of a remarkable incident in the history of
\[ the American country. A sovereignty had be--n
invaded. It had awakened, aroused,and excited
the public mind throughout the country. That
ocean once caused revelations which staithd the
count!y. it was revealed that some sixty-eight
member:, of the last Congress, be sides numer-
ous other guitl-'nun of the highest position in the
land, both socially and politically, had indorsed a
pamphlet, known as the Helper pamphlet, inau-
'-■•ur Uing r crusade of blood, murder, treason, end
< > .-^tUT'-elion again "Hone bi\ge se clion of the Urn "-"j
When we assembled here with this revelation be-
fore us—this revelation that had gone the length
j andbrcadthof the country,and,perhaps, througu-
i out the world, what was the first development?
! An effort to put in nomination and elect one of
! these very gentlemen who had indorsed these
' atrocious doctrines as the Presiding Officer of the
: House. Sir, the Presiding Officer of this House,
I it is known, holds, necessarily, the most intimate
| personal and social relations with the members
| over whose deliberations he presides. It is of
: the very highest consequence, therefore, that in
j principle, social conduct, and elevated character,
| he should be of that stamp which will enable
| members to approach him in all the frankness
! which should characterize the relations that should
| exist between them. But, as I have said, the effort
! was made by the largest party in the House to
- put in thar position a man who, as far as we could
j know, was obnoxious to the most serious objec-
i tions; who had, m advance, proclaimed that he
i could hold no fellowship whatever with one class
of the Representatives of this Union. He stood
j indorsed before the country as having proclaimed
; non-fellowship with slaveholders; as having pro-
: claimed that slavery was to end, and end in blood,
J if necessary.
! Now, I ask it of this House, and I pause for o
reply; I ask it of any gentlemen upon the other
side'of the House, if they love this union and are
1 disposed to cultivate the friendly social relations
i upon which so much public utility depends; I ask
, t them, and I ask the country, if they could right-
■ fully and truly approve, as a great social and po-
■ htical duty, the election (if a mon to preside over
; the deliberations of this body who is obnoxious
■ to tiles- objections? 1 put it here, and Idesne
• the count! y lo understand it: I desire gentlemen
, on the other side to look at it in its social aspect.
' They may by power, they may by force ofnum-
[■ hers, elect a man who is a murderer, a robber, a
• \ thief; a man who proclaims his undying hostility
;! to one half this Union, but I ask them is it righ^
,j that they should do it? I ask them if they could
'! stand vindicated to themselves as gentlemen of
! heart and honor, us the representatives of consti-
p tutional hboiiy m this country, if the election of
a man under these <. ncumstanees 
Air. SHERAIAN. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman fi orn Virginian' he applies those words
■ tome'
Air. SAIJTH , of Virginia. I am illustrating
; whin I was saying, and he will hear me- if he is
i quiet. I did not say that the gentleman is amur-
;! derer; 1 had no such thought, and i was about to
, say so; and it would have come with more grace
■' than after an interruption.
! Air. SH ERA! AN. I w ii! say to the Cleik that
I nnsundeistood the genth man.
Air. SMITH, of Virginia. I was saying, would
you vote for a murderer to so into that chair5
< ')•, 11 Vnier.s oil the [h-puhhean side. Vou
know none of us would.
AJi. CURTIS. 1 call liie gentleman to order.
I consider the gentleman\ language a reflection
1 upon membeis m this Hall—unworthy of being
uitcted by any gentleman in this Hall—and 1
. cannot but infer that he impeaches the honor of
' ev.'iv man upon this side of the IIous< . I osk
,i the gentlemoni to recall it.
Air. SAHTH. of Virginia. When T hove any-
,, thing to recall, I will do H without b.'-nig asked
ii [Applause in the galleries.] And if gentlemen
will keep cool and ensy, they will perhaps tare
, better 1 y it.
. 1 charge nobody upon this floor with being mur-
derers; 1 charge nobodv with being robbeis. But
I was gom£ on to r« mark and to charge that, when
ve came ln-re, w e found that sixtv -eight membeis
—not on ibis floor to be sure; but sixty-eight
members of the 1 \*t Congress, many of whom are
now here—did indorse that which, as we had the
■ right to hehr'e and suppose, was just as bed,
'just as damU'jLle, and jusl as offensive. vVill
gentlemen on the other side deny it" [jiipplause
m the galleries.]
; The CLERK. The Clerk gave notice vester-
' day, if the oider of th^ House was further vio-
lated by th's indecorum in the galleiies, he should
• cc.ll upon the office is of the House to suppress it.
1-1 accordance vi'e then- . k<< n-w < edis upon
lae Scivrejot-ae-.V' ms .-u'd th 1 Doot Irt'tjp- r of the
House i,) p-'i'forni tfeit duty.
Air. SAIri'TI, of Virgiin'i I tlmtwill be
forborne at present, and that the galler-ics^will
lefrain from any further interruption, as it is
