1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1261
to the contestant an opportunity to inquire into
the merits of the charge. Let me say to the House
of Representativesthatit will nf>t refuse the prayer
of the petitioner, unless there is some want of
power, some absolute and impassable barrier,
gome deep ditch and high wall, to prevent this
charge of wholesale corruption and ballot-box
stuffing from being inquired into. What is there
to prevent it?
"VVe are told by the honorable gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Gilmer] that it would be in
direct violation of the act of Congress of 1851 to
give tho contestant an.opportunity to inquire into
the merits of these allegations. I beg the House
to remember that all tTie common law rules allow
the greatest liberality on the subject of investigat-
ing fraud. It is a principle of common law that
fraud vitiates everything. A court of equity or of
law will go behind broad seals and signatures,
and give parties an opportunity of ferreting out
fraud where it is possible to do so by any fair
and liberal construction of the rules of law.
But, Mr. Speaker, we arc told that the act of
Congress of 1851 js a jflat bar to further proceed-
ing in the case, and that we have not the power to
go behind thatact to give the contestant an oppor-
tunity of inquiring into the facts of t4ie case. Let
us see how that is. This case is not within the
provisions of the act of 1851. It is so plain that
every impartial mind will see and understand it.
1 wish to call the attention of the House to the
fact that, under the revised statutes of the State
of New York, it is the board of State canvassers
that is empowered to determine the result of the
election and to declare who has been legally and
properly elected. I refer to the Revised Statutes of
the State of New York, fourth edition, volume one,
page 355. In the thirty-first section of article four,
it is declared, speaking of the board of State can-
vassers, that the board, when thus formed, shall,
from certified copics of the statements made by
the board of county canvassers, proceed to make
a statement of the whole numbex of votes given at
such election for the office of Governor and Lieu-
tenant Governor, or cither of them; another state-
ment of the number of votes given for the office of
Senator; and another of the vote for Representa-
tives in Congress; and in the thirty-third section
it is declared, that upon such statements they shall
then proceed to determine and declare what per-
sons have been, by the greatest number of votes, I
duly elected such officers, or either of them, and
then they shall make and subscribe upon the
proper statement a certificate of such determina-
tion. I call the attention of the House to this
statute of the State of New York. It is impera-
tive upon the board of State canvassers. They
are clothed with that jurisdiction, and they alone
have the right to determine the legal result of the elec-
tion; or, in other words, to determine who shall
have been lawfully and properly elected. There
is no jurisdiction outside of the board of State
canvassers to settle that question. If they fail to
declare the result, there is no power in the State
of New York that can declare it. It can, then,
only be declared by the House of Representa-
tives, by inquiring into the original election re-
turns, if it can be declared at all. We may do
that, probably, for our own satisfaction and dig-
nity, properly and fairly. And when my friend
from North Carolina [Mr. Gilmer] speaks vague-
ly of the powers of the board of county canvass-
ers, and of the board of State canvassers, I ask
him to refer me to the sentence of the law of the
State of New York which giv^s to the county can-
vassers the power to determine the result of an
election for Representatives to Congress. That is
absolutely and unqualifiedly given to the board of
Slate canvassers, and to no other jurisdiction
within the limits of the State of New York, by
the statute to which reference has been had.
Now, we proceed a step further. We come
next to the question: have the board of State can-
vassers determined the result? Have they, within
the meaning and the spirit of the act of Congress
of 1851, ascertained and determined the result of
this election? I say that they have not. Gentle-
men on the other side say they have. How are
we to get at the facts? I refer you to the action of
the board, as witnessed by the certificate. We
can look to that, and that alone, for the only legal
evidence of the result of their action. That cer-
tificate tells us as plainly as the English language
can express it, that they have refused to determine
the election for the reasons they set out in that I
paper. They have not given a certificate; they
refused to do it. There is the certificate; it is
easily understood, and couched in plain language.
The act of 1851 declares that the contestant shall,
within thirty days after the result of such election
shall have been determined, proceed to give notice,
&£. How determined? By the officer or board
of officers authorized by the law to determine the
same. Who has been so authorized? The board
of State canvassers? Have they determined the
result? I will send to the Clerk's desk, to be read,
the certificate of their action, as well as the cer-
tificate of the Secretary of State, made as early
as January, 1859? wherein it will be observed he
does not use the word "determination*" but the
word "statement."
The Clerk read the certificate, as follows:
State of New York, ss :
Wo, the Secretary of Sta e, Comptroller, Attorney Gen-
eial, State Engineer and Surveyor, and Treasurer of said
State, having lonned a hoard of State canvassers, do certify
that, fioni the returns made by the county canvassers of the
county of New York, it appears that the whole number of
vores given lor the office of member of Congress In the
thud congressional district in said State, at the geneial
election held on the 2d day of November, 1838, was 9,084
votes; of which Daniel E. Sickles received 3,176 voto.-.;
Amor J. Williamson received 3,015 votes; and iiirain Wal-
bndge icccived 2,871 votes ; and 19 scattering votes.
That in the lourth congressional district of said State
there were 9,944 vote5? given at said election for member
of (-ongress ; of which 3,949 votes were given for Thomas
J. liarr; 2,671 votes lor Thomas Stephens; 2,*290 votes for
Owen VV. Brcnnan ; 710 votes for John YV. Farmer; and
306 for Nathaniel Hunted; and 38 scattering.
That in the tilth congressional district the whole number
of votes given at said election for member  f Congje.ss in
said county of New York, was 6}690; of which William B.
Maclay received 3,957 votes; Philip Hamilton received
2,031 votes; Gilbeit C. Dean icceived 6(58 votes; and there
were 34 scattering.
That in the county of Kings, in said fifth congressional
district, the whole number of votes given for llepresentative
in Congresss was 4,9.51 ; of winch William B. Maclay re-
ceived 1,823; Philip Hamilton, 2,931; Gilbert C. Dean,
153; and there weie 24 scattering votes.
That in the sixth congressional district of said State the
whole number of votes given for member of Congress was
13,937 ; of which John Coelnane received 7,335 votes; Rob-
ert H. McCurdy u'eeived 5,5^0 votes; and there weic 81
scattenng.
That the whole number of votes given for member of
Congress m the seventh congressional district was 15,183;
of which George Buggs received 8,306; Elijah Ward 6,791;
and there were 86 seutU'iing.
That the whole number ot votes given for member of Con-
gress in the eighth congressional district, at said election,
'was 15,420 ; of which Uoraee F. Clark received 9,035 votes;
Anson ilerriek received 6,338 votes; and there were 47
scatteiing.
VVe iutther certify that in the said third district, Daniel
E. Sickles received the gieatest number of votes ; in the
fourth district, Thomas J. ilair icceived the greatest num-
ber of vwtes ; in the fifth district, William U. JVIaelay le-
ceived the gieatest number of votes; in the sixth district,
John Coclnaue icceived the greatest number of votes ; in
the seventh district, George Briggs received the greatest
number of votes; and in ffle eighth district Horace F. Clark
icceived the greatest number of votes for the said designa-
tion of member of Congress."
We further certify that no votes are returned from the
said county of New York, for the office of Representative
in Congress. We further certify that a certificate of the
county clerk has been presented to us stating that all the
ballots returned to and filed m his otfice n«> used at said
election, for the aforesaid person*, wore for llepresentative
in Congress, and not for u member of Congressand we
furthei certify, that inasmuch as said office was not legally
designated m the returns of the county eanv,issets of the
said county of New York, to this boaid, tee cannot codify
to the election of any persons to theofficeof Representative in
Congress in the said respective districts.
GIDEON J. TUCKER, Secretary oj State.
S. E. CHURCH, Comptroller.
I. V. VANDERPOEL, Treasurer.
L. TUEIVIAfN, Attorney General.
VAN It. RICHMOND, Slate Engineer and Surveyor.
State of New York,
Office of the Secretary of State.
I have compared tho preceding with the original state-
ment of the board of State canvassers of said State, now on
file in this office, and do hereby certify the same to be a
correct transenpl therefrom, and of the whole of such
original. „ .
Witness mv hand and seal of office, at our city of
t1" a,-i Albany, this:28th day of November, 1859.
S. W. MORTON, Deputy Secretary of State.
Mr. BARKSDALE. X desire to interrupt the
course of this debate for one moment. I wish
to ask the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] whether he intends to call for a vote upon
this question this evening:.'
Mr. DAWES. 1 do not wish to deprive any
gentleman of an opportunity to be heard upon this
question, i wish to give a reasonable time for
this debate.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, that there are ssvcral
gentlemen who desire to speak, and X would be
glad if the gentleman would designate some time
when a vote shall be taken, in order that Members
may be here.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to have the pre-
vious question called to-night, and have the vote
taken m the morning. '
Mr. BARKSDALE. I suggest to the gentle-
man that he do not call the previous question until
to-morrow.
Mr. DAWES. Well, I will call the previous
question to-morrow at two o'clock.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Very well. I do not
myself desire to speak upon the question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Now, I wish to call the'
attention of the House to the language of that cer-
tificate just read, namely: that so far from certi-
fying to a determination of this election, the board
of canvassers of the State of New York refused
to certify. They say:
" We further certify, that inasmuch as said office was not
legally designated in the returns of the county canvass
erg of the said county of New York to this boaid, u*e can
not certify to the election of any persons to the office of Rep
resenlative in Congress in the said respective districts."
Of which the third district of New York [Mr.
Sickles's] was one. Now, it is in vain for gen-
tlemen to argue what they ought to have done. 1
refer to the fact that they refused to certify. The
question is not what you or what I would have
done, under the circumstances. The question is,
what did they do? And here you have their re-
fusal to certify, and a statement of the facts as
they existed. They return the facts; spread them
out upon the record, as a foundation upon which
they base their refusal; but they granted no cer-
tificates.
I may agree with my friend from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Gilmer,] so far as the argument is con-
cerned, that the board committed an error in re-
fusing the certificate. They might have overlooked
mere tcclmicalities. They may have committed
an error, or not, in not counting the ballots re-
turned by the board of county canvassers for mem-
bers of Congress, when they were m fact polled
for Representatives in Congress. But they were
restrained, I have no doubt, from granting the
certificate by the constiuction which 'bey put
upon the law. But the gentleman from North
Carolina argues the case as if it turned upon the
point, whether their refusal to grant the certificate
was an act of injustice to the sitting member. It
may have been an act of injustice; I cannot say
how that is. It may have injured him, and it
may subject him to cost and expense; but they
have refused so to certify; and shall we decline to
look into those allegations of fraud and corrup-
tion, and not discharge our duty, bccause the
board of State canvassers made a mistake?
Let me call the attention of the House to the
consequences of this error—if error it be—com-
mitted by the board of State canvassers. The.
argument of the gentleman from North Carolina
is this: tho board of State canvassers made a mis-
take; and bccause they made a mistake, we, from
force of that error, have no-power to inquire into
a case of bribery, corruption, and fraud. That is
the view of the question to which we should direct
our attention. We are to be prevented from in-
quiring into the truth of these charges, because
the board of Slate canvassers committed an error
under the circumstances. Sir, that would be giv-
ing a breadth and force to an error committed by
that board, which I, for one, think it is not entitled
to. I will not permit an error—if error it be—of
the board of State canvassers to cover up fraud
and corruption in elections.
It is made the duty of the Secretary of State,
by article five, section thirty-nine, of the Revised
Statutes of the State of New York, to—
"Transmit a copy, under the *eal o[ ins office, of such
certified determ million to each peison tlietcby declared to
be elected, and a like: copy to the Guvernoi."
And section forty-one of the same article de-
clares that—
" IIo [-.hall prepare a gpneral certificate under the *eal ot
this State, and attested by him as Secretary theteof, ad-
dressed to the Douse of ilcpiesentatives of the United
States, in that Congies-s for which anj persons shall have
been chosen, of the due election of the per>ons so chosen at
each election as Representatives ot this State in Congress-;
and shall tiansmit the same to the said House 01 Repre-
sentatives at their fir&t meeting."
Now, I call the attention of the House to the
fact j that in the general certificate returned to this
House, the Governor refuses to certify that any
