1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3149
has occasioned me more embarrassment than this.
My locality does not make me interested in the
matter. Either one of these routes is an immense
distance from my place of residence. I have been
beset, from the time this session opened up to the
time I came into my seat this morning, with rep-
resentations of various individuals who feel in-
terested and have different interests in this great
measure. The result that my mind has come to,
and I will state so frankly, is what I have indi-
cated, that the true policy of the country is to pay
the Butterfield company enough to redeem our
obligations, and let them go out of the way—they
stand in the way—and then establish a route from
New Orleans to the Pacific, one from St. Louis to
San Francisco, and one from St. Paul to the Pacific.
Having said this, 1 close as I began, with saying
that I have no fault to find with the gentlemen
who are performing this duty on what is called
the Butterfield route. The difficulty is, that they
are not wanted; they are performing a service
that is literally useless and valueless; because, if
you establish flic routes from St. Louis, New Or-
leans, and St. Paul, you will have everything that
is wanted, and the Butterfield people may be en-
tirely dispensed with. For these reasons I am
opposed to the proposition of the honorable Sen-
ator from California; and if it is voted down, I
shall submit the substitute which I have indicated
in the remarks which I have made.
Mr. IVERSON. 1 am not disposed to break
up the communication between the interior of
that important section of the country to which
the Senator from Arkansas referred and the Pa-
cific coast; but I want to secure a mail from
Vicksburg or Memphis, both of which are in
connection with the Atlantic coast by railroad, to
the Pacific coast. I am therefore not for putting
New Orleans in the second section; but if this
second section be not stricken out, I shall move
to amend it by striking out New Orleans and in-
serting Memphis; so that the Postmaster General
will be authorized to make a contract with But-
terfield & Co., if they choose to accept his terms,
instead of starting the mail from St. Louis, to
start it from Memphis or Vicksburg, as in his
judgment will be the best place to begin at, and
then to go by way of El Paso over the southern
route, on the thirty-second parallel, to San Fran-
cisco; leaving provision to be made by subsequent
amendment, if gentlemen choose to adopt it, to
start a mail route from New Orleans, along the
coast, over to the Pacific. I do not, however,
think it is necessary to make any such provision
as that; because, if there be a mail route estab-
lished from either Vicksburg or Memphis, across
the continent, to San Francisco, New Orleans is
in convenient and easy communication with that
route. She will have communication up the Mis-
sissippi to Vicksburg or Memphis by steamboat,
or she will be able to connect with that route not
very far from the line between Arkansas and
Louisiana by what is called the Great Opelousas
railroad from New Orleans, which has now al-
most penetrated to the thirty-second degree of
north latitude; so that New Orleans will be pro-
vided for. There is already a mail contract from
San Antonio, in Texas, to El Paso, intersecting
the Butterfield route. Still I would not object to
another provision for the establishment of a mail
route from New Orleans, either directly across
the continent or going !>v way of Galveston and
San Antonio. What I desire now is to obviate
the necessity of running two routes from St.
Louts: one the Butterfield route, miming down
by Fort Smith, in Arkansas, and the other going
over by St. Joseph and Salt Lake, to Placerville.
I do not see the necessity of having two routes
commencing at the same point. St. Louis is al-
ready in communication, by railroad, with St.
Joseph, and that would give to all that section
of the western States a direct communication
with the Pacific coast, over the route provided
for in the first section; and if the second section
prevails, and the amendment which I shall pro- '
pose, if it be not stricken out, be adopted, striking
out New Orleans as a terminus, and inserting
Vicksburg or Memphis, then the whole of the
intermediate section connected with the Atlantic
States at Memphis or Vicksburg will be provided
for with a mail to the Pacific, also. Provision
can he made for New Orleans, if the friends of
that measure think proper to introduce a pro-
vision of that kind.
But, sir, I trust that the views presented by the
Senator from New Hampshire will not prevail.
They are sectional altogether in their tendency.
Their design is to cut off" all communication which
the southern States have with the Pacific coast;
and X am not surprised that it comes from that
Senator, because it is in accordance with his past
legislative course. Itistocutoff everything which
benefits the southern States, and concentrate the
whole patronage of this Government at the North.
I trust that for that reason, at least, it will not be
adopted.
Mr. HALE. I think if the Senator from Geor-
gia had not habituated himself to making such
sectional speeches as that, he never would have
made it to me; for I provide for a route from New
Orleans, and I have always supposed that Louis-
iana was one of the southern States; and for an-
other one from St. Louis, which, I think, is in a
southern State. The only thing that is done by
my proposition for the North is a $200,000 route
from St. Paul. I give a daily line to Missouri,
and a semi-weekly or tri-weekly to New Orleans,
and how the Senator can call that sectional I do
not know, unless he has got a studied speech that
he puts on to the end of everything he says when
he answers me, for 1 think he has made that ac-
cusation to melialf adozen times, and it is entirely
unfounded and unjust. If it is sectional, it is
southern. I rose,' however, for the purpose of
suggesting a question of order to the President,
and that is this: the proposition of the Senator
from California is an amendment to an amend-
ment. There is an amendment proposed by the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads to
the bill of the House. The Senator from Cali-
fornia moves to strike that out and substitute his
amendment as an amendment to that. I put it to
the Chair, then, that this motion being offered,
an amendment to an amendment is not in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is m order
to perfect the amendment before the question is
taken on striking out.
Mr. HALE. But the amendment we are now
considering is an amendment to an amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from Missouri is to strike out a
portion of the amendment to the amendment,
which, in the opinion of the Chair, is in the na-
ture of perfecting the section before the question
is taken on striking out.
Mr. LATHAM. The Senate agreed, when
my amendment was offered, that each section
should be perfected, and then it should stand for
the corresponding section in the proposition of the
Post Office Committee; and for that reason it was
offered in this way.
Mr. HALE. Very well; I have no objection.
Mr. POLK. I wish to remove a misapprehen-
sion of the Senator from Georgia. He says the
first section of the amendment proposed by the
Senator from California gives a mail line across
the continent from the city of St. Louis. The
Senator said once or twice it is from the city of St.
Louis.
Mr. IVERSON. I said this first section pro-
vided for a mail from St. Joseph, Missouri, by
Salt Lake, to Placerville; and that St. Louis was
already in connection with St. Joseph by railroad,
and therefore St. Louis was provided for. That
is what 1 said.
Mr. POLK. That is what I am coming to.
The conclusion of the Senator was that it was a
route for St. Louis. I wish to say briefly, in re-
gard to that, that if the Senator thinks this first
provision starts a mail from St. Louis, let him
move to amend it so as to make St. Louis the
starting point. The point named is St. Joseph,
in Missouri. That is, in effect, more a starting
point from the city of Chicago than it is a start-
ing point from the city of St. Louis, for the rea-
son that though there may be, and there is, a
mail communication between St. Louis and St.
Joseph by railroad, going up the North Missouri
railroad, and connecting with the Hannibal and
St. Joseph road, and then going by that up to St.
Joseph, yet that is a connection which is made
by an independent road from the Hannibal and
St. Joseph road; and it is a road that has to con-
nect with the Hannibal and St. Joseph road, ac-
commodating itself entirely to the Hannibal and
St. Joseph road; while the main connection that
the Hannibal and St. Joseph road has East is at
Hannibal, and by way of Hannibal with duincy,
and from Cluincy, Illinois, across to Chicago.
The objection that I have to that standing in the
condition in which it does is; that Senators look
at i t as a line managed for the benefit of St. Louis,
while such is not the fact. It ismore for the-ben-
efit of Chicago, and points further eastand further
north than St. Louis. The Kansas railroad is
not finished beyond Syracuse, I think, which is a
point some distance above Jefferson City, and
there stretches between the termination of the
Kansas branch of the Pacific railroad and the St,
Joseph road more than a hundred—I believe hun-
dreds—of miles, if you take it up to St. Joseph.
Therefore, I say, it is not fair to contend that this
is a connection with St. Louis merely because it
is a connection with St. Joseph. If the Senator
thinks so, let him move that amendment. I beg
Senators to understand it is nota provision which,
if carried out, has the effect of making immediate
connection with the city of St. Louis.
I wish Senators to bear in mind that it is im-
portant to have this connection with the city of
St. Louis. That is the largest city in the valley
of the Mississippi—I mean the valley of the Mis-
sissippi as such. It is not so large as Cincinnati,
which is more particularly in the valley of the
Ohio. It is larger than New Orleans in point of
population; larger than any city south of it; larger
than any one north of it—a city that has already
connections with all parts of the country by rail-
road, north and south,eastand west. Itstretches
out these lines of railroad, and grasps the entire
country. I say, therefore, it is important that St.
Louis should be the starting point. Sheisin the
center of the valley. She has her connections, as
I said, by railroad, with all important sections ot'
the country,as any person will see by looking at
the map. To be sure, her connection south is an
angular one, and therefore itis important that the
connection to which the Senator from Arkansas
referred, with Memphis, should be maintained,
because that gives a direct connection with the
great southern, southeastern, and central system
of railroads east of Memphis, thafall concentrate
as to a focus at the city of Memphis; and it would
not be exactly fair to Memphis to have her obliged
to communicate with this line by coming up di-
rectly north to the city of St. Louis. St. Louis
now has a connection with Memphis, and she has
connection with all the great system of roads that
connect southwardly, southeastwardly,and east-
wardly, with the city of Memphis.
But, Mr. President, I shall ndt dwell upon that
point. I pass to some remarks made by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, as drawn from the
report of the Postmaster General, in regard to the
Butterfield overland mail route, as it is sometimes
called. The Senator quotes from the report of
the Postmaster General, saying that, at the time
he made his report, the whole amount of postages
received was some twenty-seven thousand dol-
lars; and that, it this line, were kept up until the
termination of the contract, there would be a loss
of some three million to the Government during
that time. I have before me a table that was pre-
pared at the San Francisco post office, furnished
me by the Senator from California, [Mr. La-
tham,] which shows that,in themonth ofMarch,
the number of letters received was forty thousand
nine hundred and eight; the number of letters
sent, seventy-one thousand five hundred and
seven; and the amount of postage, for that month
alone, $12,164 77. Now, look at this fact: in the
month of September there were no letters; the
enterprise had just started; it was ail enterprise
that was an experiment, that was unprecedented
in the world, and it has not its parallel on the face
of theglobe. So extraordinary was it 111 its magni-
tude that no person supposed there would bo a
success in the thing at the start; and the conse-
quence of it was, that no letters were sent by it
from St. Louis or Memphis, and no letters were
received at San Francisco to come by it. It made
its start from St. Louis, and it carried not a sin-
gle letter; but it went through in contract time.
The result of that was, that there were sent by it
two hundred and seven on the next trip. Exper-
iment had shown that it could succeed; and the
whole amount of postage, for the month of Sep-
tember, was but twenty-one dollars. "When this
enterprise was started, so entirely despondent
was the Department of its success, that it in-
structed that no letters should be sentbythis line,
unless the letter had indorsed on it," via the over-
