2206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
STEPHEN 0. GIBBS.
Mr. REA.GAN. I move that the Committee
of the Whole be discharged from the further con-
sideration of House bill No. 357, for the relief of
Stephen O. Gibbs, and that the bill be now put on
its passage.
Mr. TAPPAN. I object, unless the same priv-
ilege be extended to me.
Mr. SHERMAN." I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
I will say, in support of my motion, that all I
desire is, that we may have some general debate
to-night. Gentlemen want to make speeches; and
by allowing that to be done this evening we shall
save time.
The motion was agreed to.
LEGISLATIVE^ ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Perry in the chair.)
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask what is
the bill before the committee ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is House bill No. 339,
making appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses of the Governmentfor
the year ending the 30th June, 1861.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. That bill, I
believe, has not been made a special order jn the
committee, and therefore general debate is in or-
der upon it.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to know whether
it is understood that nothing is to be done, ex-
cept making speeches? [Cnesof " Certainly!"]
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 desire to say to the gen-
tleman from Maine, that the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Bocock] had the floor whin this ques-
tion was under consideration in the committee on
a previous occasion. He had no idea that the
House would go into committee to-day. I hope,
therefore, that when the House goes into com-
mittee again, the committee will, as a matter of
usual courtesy, allow the gentleman to be heard.
[Cries of " Certainly!" " Certainly !"]
The CHAIRM AN. The Chair recognized the
gentleman from Maine, and he is entitled to the
floor.
The committee was addressed by Messrs.
WASHBURN of Maine, MARTIN of Ohio,
COBB, WADE, COX, and PENDLETON.
[Their remarks will be published in'the Appendix.]
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland, obtainrd the
floor.
Mr. PENDLETON. Will the gentleman yield
to a motion to adjourn?
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. As my col-
league from Baltimore, [Mr. Davis,] to whose
remarks I intend to reply, is not present, 1 will
yield.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move that the commit-
tee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Wade having
taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr. Perry
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly a bill (II. R. No. 339) making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th of June, 18G1, and had come to no con-
clusion thereon.
ALFRED C. MURPHY AND OTHERS.
Mr. ALDRICH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Alfred C. Murphy and
Hiram Kurmingham; which was read a fust and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
And then, on motion of Mr. PENDLETON, (at
half past five o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 21, 1860.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
ALTERATION OF THE SENATE CHAMBER.
The VICE PRESIDENT announced the ap-
pointment of Mr. Hale, Mr. Hammond, and Mr.
Benjamin, as the select committee on the bill (S.
No. 451) to alter and improve the construction of
the Senate Chamber.
PETITION.
Mr. HEMPHILL presented a petition of citi-
zens of Hill, Johnson, and Parker counties, in
Texas, praying the establishment of a mail route
from Hillsboro, in Hill county, to Crimea; thence
to Covington; thence to Buckhannon, in Johnson
county; and thence to Weatherford, in Parker
county, in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
THE TARIFF.
Mr. CAMERON. I am requested to present
a petition signed by a large number of merchants
of the city of Philadelphia, who desire an altera-
tion in the revenue laws, and ask for some pro-
tection for the labor of citizens ofPenn sy1#1 ia,
aufi of the other States of this Union. In present-
ing the petition, I desire to say that the impres-
sion has gone abroad-throughout the State of
Pennsylvania that the bill which has passed the
House of Representatives on this subject will pass
the Senate. The good people of my State are
told that if they do not get an alteration in the
tariff this year, it will be the fault of the Repub-
licans of the Senate, and probably of a want of
good faith on my part. I desire to say, sir, that
I intend to press this question so that everybody
here shall have an opportunity of showing how
he stands upon it. To Pennsylvania this is the
great question. It is that in which all her inter-
ests, as her people believe, arc centered. It is
our "nigger." [Laughter.] In Pennsylvania,
everybody pretends to be in favor of an alteration
of the tariff so as to give protection to labor—
Democrats and all others.
The Democrats are more noisy on the subject
than the other side. They say to the people,
"You will have protection, and you will get it
fr<*m the Democratic party in Congress." I re-
peat again, that I intend to bring this question
up on every proper occasion, so that before the
close of the session we shall have an opportunity
of seeing who is for it, and who is not. I think
I can pledge every vote on this side. I think every
man in opposition to the Administration now will
vote for a bill something like that which has passed
the House of Representatives; and, therefore, if
some five or six or seven votes on the other side
go with us, we, of course, shall get what we so
much desire.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania will pause a moment. The Chair
has been compelled to rap for order repeatedly
this morning, as the Senate is in great confusion.
It is very unpleasant for tho Chair to have to in-
terrupt the Senator on the floor until he can bring
the body to order.
Mr. CAMERON. I have said all that I care
about saying on this subject now, and have only
to repeat that I do not intend that the scenes which
were enacted in Pennsylvania in 1844, shall again
be acted in 1860. We will know our friends, and
learn also who are not the friends of the white
working men of Pennsylvania. If we are not to
get that which we desire so much, we shall know
who aie its foes, and who are not. I move that
the petition be referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance. m
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS "WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Frances Stealey, widow
of David Delk, a f-oidiei in the Creek wai who was killed
in battle, praying a pension, on the files of the Senate, be
releircU to the Committee on Pensions.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. IVERSON asked, and by unanimous con-
i sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
| 457) for the relief of the legal representatives of
I Stephen Pleasonton; which was read twice by its
1 title, and referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. MASON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
459) for the relief of Commander Thomas J. Page,
United States Navy; which was read twice ny
its title, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
He also asked, and by Unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 458) for
the relief of Thomas J. Page; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. THOMSON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Wil-
liam Fairfax, a soldier in the war of 1812, pray-
ing to be allowed a pension, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Maurice K. Simons,
a soldier in the Mexican war, praying to be al-
lowed an increase of pension, submitted an ad-
verse report; which.was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the papers in relation to the claim
of John Reed to a pension on account of an injury
received while in the military service of the war
of 1812, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the papers in relation to the claim
of John B. Miller to a pension, on account of an
injury received while a teamster in the quarter-
master's department during the war with Mexico,
submitted a report,accompanied by abill (S. No.
456) for the relief of John B. Miller. The bill
was read, and passed to a second reading; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Emanuel Cronkright,
a soldier in the war of 1812, praying to be allowed
a pension, submitted a report accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 455) for the relief of Emanuel Cronk-
right. The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading; and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. POWELL, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom w^s referred the bill (II. R. No.
656) granting a pension to Mary J. Harris,widow
of Colonel Thomas L. Harris, "deceased, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Richard Mackall, praying indemnity for property
destroyed by the British during the last war, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
occupants of the Ro^ue river Indian reservation,
in Jackson county, Oregon, praying for the en-
actment of a law opening that reservation to pre-
emption and entry, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to, a
bill having been passed by the Senate covering
the subject-matter of the petition.
Mr. IVERSON, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (II. R. No. 240)
for the relief of Cassius M. Clay, reported it with
an amendment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, submitted the papers in
the case of William Hazzard Wigg, in compli-
ance with an order of the Senate of the 16th in-
stant; and they were ordered to lie on the table.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 114) further to provide for
the safety o.f passengers on vessels propelled in
whole or in part by steam, received from the House
of Representatives on Saturday last, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
PASSENGERS IN STEAMSHIPS.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a resolution, and ask
for its immediate consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instruct-
ed to consider the expediency of farther action, in order to
secure proper accommodations and pi oper safety for passen-
gers on board the steamers between New Yoik and San
Francisco, and to increase the efficacy of the existing pas-
senger laws of the United States in their application to Cali-
fornia passengers; with liberty to report by bill or other-
wise.
The Senate, by unanimous consent, proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I see the Sen-
ator from California [Mr. Latham] in his place,
and I am very glad of an opportunity of calling
his attention particularly to the resolution which
I now have the honor to offer. By a communica-
tion in the newspapers, from a very distinguished
source—a clergyman who, during the last two
months, sailed from Boston to San Francisco—it
appears that the steamers are overloaded with pas-
, sengers, and withoutadequate accommodations of
other kinds for safety. His statement on the sub-
ject is very explicit, as it has been made in the
newspapers, as also in private letters which he
has addressed to his friends. I do notknow that
