1262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
person was returned duly elected for the six dis-,
tricts in the city of New "York. That matter was
distinctly under the jurisdiction of the board of
State canvassers; and so far as this question is
concerned, they have determined it.
I will not consume the time of the House by
an inquiry into what they ought to* have done,
or what you or I would have done. They had
jurisdiction, and they refused to grant such a cer-
tificate. Then, I say, it follows, there having
been no determination, that the hands of Mr.
Williamson were tied, and he could not give the
notice required in the act of Congress of 1851. It
would have been an idle ceremony, there having
•been no determination as to the sitting member.
No judge in the State of New York, or any other
officers under a fair construction of that act of
Congress, could have issued a process to compel
the- attendance of witnesses. It would have been
a perfect farce for the defendant to have given no-
tice, or for a judge to have issued process for the
attendance of witnesses. Had witnesses been
compelled to attend under such a process, they
would have had a remedy against the party who
compelled their attendance by attachment. The
act of Congress of 1851 is based upon the fact
that there must first be a legal determination of
the election. That is the ground work of the sub-
sequent proceedings—the basis and superstruct-
ure of the whole thing. There can be no pro-
ceedings without that legal determination, in the
first instance, had by the proper authority—the
board of State canvassers. The fact that the con-
testant is called upon to give notice within a cer-
tain time, is basca upon that legal determination.
The right of a judge to issue process for the at-
tendance of witnesses is a power conferred upon
the judge only in the cases enumerated in the
statute—that is, where there is a legal determin-
ation and result. And I ask gentlemen who are
lawyers to meet this issue fairly upon the act of
Congress. It is a question of power under that
act. There is no use of avoiding it in any other
way. And I say that the counsel in the city of
New York, who advised Mr. Williamson that he
could not legally proceed under the circumstances,
gave the opinion of a lawyer; that he was right,
and ought to be sustained by every one who has
given this case any proper attention. It would
have been, too, an admission on the part of the
contestant that the right was in Mr. Sickles prima
facie.
But we have been told that Mr. Williamson is
guilty of laches in not proceeding to biing this
case to the attention of the House; that he ought
to have objected before the sitting member was
sworn in. I have shown that lie had no power
to contest the election, andthathe was not within
the purview of the statute of 1851. "V&here could
he object? How could he object? Until the elec-
tion of Speaker of this House, we had no power
• to transact business of any character. The House
could not have received his memorial. After the
lapse of but a few days, when the organization of
the House took place—either five or six days, if
my recollection serves me right—you find the
contestant at the bar of this tribunal, presenting
his memorial, and calling on you for an investi-
gation of the facts of the case. Until that moment
his hands were tied. And now we are to be told
that he has forfeited his right, and that this House
has forfeited its right, because he, the contestant,
did not do that which he had not the power to do!
I say that it is simply an absurdity. The con-
testant has done all that could be done under the
facts and circumstances of the case.
But, says the gentleman from North Carolina,
the contestant has not followed the precedents and
practice that existed prior to the passage of the
act of 1851. I meet the gentleman from North
Carolina fairly on that issue; and I say that the
cases referred to in the printed report show that
the practice has been variable and is not of bind-
ing force. In some instances, both in this coun-
try and in England, notice was given prior to the
presentation of the memorial at the bar of the
Mouse; in other cases, notice was not given prior
to that time. The practice was conflicting. I
refer to the authorities collated on page 19 of the
report*
c% On the contrary, numerous cases appear In which no
notice was <£iye , and in which the testimony was taken
under Hie direction of the Committee of Erections, to whom
the petition was referred. (Latimer rs. Patten, C. and JL,
Q9; Kuthcriord vs, Morgan, C. and H., 118; Kelly vs. Har-
iis>. C. and H.,260; case of John Bailey, 0. and H., 411;
case of John Sergeant, C. and H., 419.)
" By the practice of England, no notice is requiied to be
given until after the petition is presented and referred."
If gentlemen will take the trouble to examine
the case referred to they will find that the practice
was not uniform, but that both this House and the
British House of Commons have frequently, with-
out preliminary notice, and on the mere presenta-
tion of the petition at the bar of the House, in-
quired into cases of contested elections. Then I
say, Mr. Speaker, that there is nothing in the case
which should prevent us from inquiring into the
alleged fraud, corruption, and bribery. It is due
to the contestant, wko has no* forfeited his right
by any want of duty on his patt. Itis due to the
constituents of the third district of the State of
New York, who should be fairly, if they are not
now fairly, represented on this floor. It is em-
phatically due the sittingmember, that the truth or
falsity of these charges should be' shown. It is due
to the dignity of this House and to the people of
the countiy that we should meet this broad charge
of corruption and fraud as becomes men who
have regard for the dignity of the House and the
rights of all parties.
Mr. Speaker, I pronounce no judgment on the
facts of the case. I could not do so. The facts
are not before us in any shape or form. But I
never will, while I have a seat on this floor, or
remain a member of the Committee of Elections,
refuse, in a fair and proper case, to give all parties
a right to inquire into a charge so distinctly made
as this.
Mr. GARTRELL. Mr. Speaker, I desire, as
a member of the Committee of Elections, to pre-
sent very briefly a few considerations to the House
on the point (for there is really but one point and
one question) involved in this controversy. I
shall not follow in the very wide range that has
been given to this debate, nor consume the time
of the House in discussing, on this question of
a preliminary investigation, general principles of
fraud and of equity. I may suggest, however,
that if the report of the majority of the Committee
of Elections be adopted by this House and estab-
lished as a precedent, you will thereby completely
destroy and nullify the act of 1851, providing for
the course of procedure in all cases of contested
elections. The gentleman who opened this dis-
cussion and reported the views of the majority of
the committee, referred us to that clause of the
Constitution which declares that each House shall
judge of the election, qualification, and return of
its members. I hold that the act of 1851 cannot
be construed as violating that clause of the Con-
stitution, because, under that act, each House has
reserved to itself the right to determine the legal
question of the qualification of its members.
Mr. DAWES. I pereeJve that I did not make
myself understood by the gentleman. I did not
question the constitutionality of the law of 1851.
I only questioned the construction put upon that
law by the minority of the committee, namely, that
no House of Representatives can depart from the
provisions of that law, in itself investigating and
judging of the election of its own members.
Mr. GARTRELL. With that explanation, I
will not pursue that portion of the gentleman's re-
marks further. But, as I stated before, there is only
one question before the House, and that is, whether
this case comes within the provisions of the act of
1S51? If it does, then the contestant here is with-
out remedy; by his own delay and neglect and
by the mistake of law made, if you please, by
him and his counsel, he has no remedy; and this
House cannot be expected virtually to repeal the
act of 1851, in order to open up the merits of this
case.
Now, I maintain that the contestant is within
the provisions of the act of 1851; and that the
board of State canvassers at Albany, when they
made out and signed the certificate that has been
twice read from the Clerk's desk, determined this
election as much as, under the law, they had the
power to do; and the.t their certificate was a de-
termination—not a legal determination—of this
controversy. It was not a determination as to
whether Mr. Sickles was entitled to the seat or
whether Mr. Williamson was entitled to thu seat,
but it was the determination of a fact. It settled
the fact that a plurality of the voters of the third
congressional district of the State of New York
had cast their votes for Daniel E. Sickles, and
that he is legally elected by a plurality of one
hundred and sixty-one votes. That was the only
fact required or authorized to be settled by the
board of State caiivassers, either under the stat-
ute of New York or under the act of Congress of
1851.
Mr. ELIOT. By the laws of New York, I un-
derstand that it is necessary that the State can-
vassers should make a statement of the whole
number of votes given at the election for Repre-
sentatives in Congress, and that that statement is
the statement contained upon page 24. I under-
stand, further, that the laws of New York require
that upon such statement they shall then pro-
ceed to determine and d^plare what person has
been, by the greatest number of votes, auly elected
to the office.
I would ask the honorable gentleman from
Georgia whether he considers that when they say
they 44 cannot certify fo the election ofany per-
sons to the office of Representative in Congress in
the said respective districts," he considers that to
be a determination and declaration what persons
have been duly elected ? .
Mr. GARTRELL. I will answer the honor-
able gentleman, and remark that he %has fallen
into the same error into which other gentlemen
have fallen.* All the gentlemen upon the other
side of this question confound the statute of New
York with the act of Congress of 1851. The lat-
ter act should be conclusive upon this point, and
it provides, not that the canvassers must declare
who has been legally elected—that is not the ques-
tion ; the question as to who has been legally elect-
ed is reserved under the Constitution to the House
of Representatives; neither the board of State can-
vassers, nor the board of county canvassers, nor
any other tribunal has any authority to determ-
ine the question of the legality of the election; but
that right is to be settled by the House of Repre-
sentatives. The act of 1851 simply provides that
they shall declare the result; not the person le-
gally entitled to the seat; but the result ascer-
tained from counting up the ballots; and that re-
sult which I submit has been completely, fully,
definitely, and unmistakably determined by the
board of State canvassers of New York. Why
do I say so ? What did they determine in other
| cases? Here is the general certificate by which
! all the other members from the large State of New
! York hold their seats upon this floor, in which it
! is stated:
j u According to certified statements of the said votes, re-
I ccived by the Secretary ot State, in the manner directed
i by law, we do hereby determine, declare, and certify''—
j Determine what?
j —kC that the following peisons respectively, by the greatest
! number of vote? given in the several congresMonal dis-
tricts of the State, were elected Representatives of the State
ot New Yoik in the Thirty-Sixth Congiess of the United
States." _
Do they there declare who was legally elected?
The word " legal" is not to be found in the gen-
eral certificate held by every member from the
State of New York upon this floor, except by the
six members from the city; but they declare, sim-
ply, the result; and what is that result? Why,
they say that these gentlemen have a majority of
votes in xheir respective districts, and they ascer-
tain that from the returns made to them by the
county can vassers of the several congressional
districts.
Now, let us come back to this case—the elec-
tions in the six districts in the city of New York.
I shall not comment on the error, the mere cler-
ical omission, confounding "member of Congress''
with the proper tewn, "Representative in Con-
gress." 1 hat is a mere quibble. Gentlemen talk
about fraud, and the equity of this case. They
ask, why not open this case and let us have a full
hearing? Why not get all the evidence? Why,
sir, there is no evidence of fraud in this case—
not a particle in these several allegations made by
the petitioner. He charges no specific acts, either
of fraud or illegal voting.
But let us come to the other certificate. They
certify that Daniel E. Sickles had a plurality of
the votes m the third congressional district; and
that of itself determines the result. Under the
laws of New York, the person having a plurality
of all the votes cast is duly elected. These State
canvassers—who are merely ministerial officers,
possessing under the statutes and laws of New
York nothing but the powers of ministerial offi-
cers, simply to declare what others have done; to
register the votes of the people—declare further,
