1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3151
factory to me, that they are not willing to take
$600,000 for their contract. They would rather
take $600,000 than be compelled to go to the Court
of Claims, and stand the long litigation that would
be necessary there; but they would not be con-
tent with $600,000.
I wish also, Mr. President, to refer to the Post-
master General's report for a moment, for another
purpose. How docs the expense of carrying the
mail from the Atlantic to the Pacific States stand
with reference to the oceanic transportation of
it? According to that report, the cost is some
$988 250, and the income from it only $204,219 37;
that is, there is a loss of upwards of seven hun-
dred and seventy-four thousand dollars for the
oceanic transportation of the mails. The loss,
therefore, on the overland route, in comparison,
is not on a different footing from what it is by the
oceanic transportation, and especially, Mr. Pres-
ident, when you look at the proportion of increase,
to which I will call the attention of the Senate for
a moment in a light that I have not done before.
For instance, the service yielded in the month of
September but $3,763 98; in March, it yielded
$12,164 71—more than three times and nearly
four times as much in March as in September.
Thus, in six months, the amount was trebled, and
nearly quadrupled. If you are to go on for every
six months, and increase it at thatgeomctric ratio,
then the calculation, which I have just as much
right to assume as the Postmaster General has to
assume what he does in his report, it would be
foundinstead of losing $3,000,000 by the contract,
the Government would gain as much—perhaps
more. But, as I said, I do not think, either on
the part of the Postmaster General, nor on the
part of op/e who had argued the question as I have
now presented it, in neither view, would the truth
be arrived at; but the fact is, the truth lies between
th« two extremes: that this service would go on
increasing to the utmost extent of the carriers to
transport the letter mail; and it would increase
until the amount of letters should afford them
compensation; and when that is done, we shall
find it will be, if not entirely, certainly very nearly
remunerative.
Mr. PEARCE. I ask permission, at this time,
to submit a report from a committee of confer-
ence.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the bill before, the Senate will be inform-
ally laid aside for the puipose of receiving there-
port. The Chair hears no objection.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had concurred in the report of the com-
mittee of corifeience on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No, 305)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending the 30th ot Jtino, I8H1.
Mr. PEARCE, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (tl. R. No. 305) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1861, made the follow-
ing report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two iIou->es on the amendments to the bill (H. It.
No. 305) making appropriations for the support of the Atiny
for the year ending 30 th June, 18G1, having met and consid-
ered the same, and, after full and lree conforence thereon,
have agrepd to recommend, and do recommcnd, to their
respective Houses, follow® •
That the Senate lecede hom the following amendments:
fifth, tenth, eleventh, forty-eighth.
That the House lecede fiom their disagreement to the
following amendment:?, and agree to the same: first, second,
third, ninth, thirteenth. , TT
That the Senate concur m the amendment ot the liouse
to the fourth amendment of the Senate, with an amend-
ment, as follows:
Strike out all of f^aid House amendment contained be-
tween lines two to hfiy-two inclusive, and in lieu thereof
insert as follows:
For rents, including hire or commutation of quarters for
officeis on military duty, hire of quartern for tioops, of
storehouses lor safe-keepmg of military stores, of grounds
for summer cantonments and construction and repairs of
bauacks at temporary frontier stations, and for the pur-
chase of stores—,^603 87 to be paid as back rent for the site
of Fort Davis, Texas—.$194,240 29.
For repairing, altering, and enlarging building* at estab-
lished military posts, $135,547.
For constructing bariackf and other buildings at the fol-
lowing posts, to wit: at Uanancas barracks, Key West,
Fort Mackinac, in the department of the East, $20,578 50;
at Bemcia harracks, m the department of California,
$306 75; at Fort Vancouver, in the department of Oregon,
$7,673.
That the House recede from its disagreement to the sixth
and seventh amendments of the Senate and agree to the
same, with an amendment as follows: Strike out both of said
amendments, and in lieu thereof insert as follows:
For surveys and selection of sites, and for plans and esti-
mates for military posts, on or near the valley of the Red
River of the North, between the forty-sixth and forty-ninth
degrees of noith latitude, and at or near Fort Cobb, in the
Indian Territory, $5,000; and that a report be made thereon
at the next session of Congress.
That the House iccede from their amendments to the
eighth amendment ot the Senate, and agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
amendments of the Senate, numbered fourteen to forty-six
inclusive, and agree to the same with an amendment, as
follows: Strike out all of said amendments after the word
" fortifications," in the third line of section two of the bill,
and inseit as follows:
Fort Montgomery, Lake Champlain,New York, $10,000.
Fort Knox, Peivob.^cot bay, Maine, $20,000.
Fort on Hog Island Ledge, Portland harbor, Maine,
$30,000.
Fort Winthrop, Boston harbor, Massachusetts, $10,000.
Fort at the entiance of New Bedford harbor, Massachu-
setts, $25,000.
Fort Adams, Newport harbor, Rhode Island, $5,000.
Fort Richmond, Staton Island, New York, $15,000.
Foiton site of Fort Tompkins, Staten Island, New York,
$25,000.
Additional batteries at Fort Hamilton, at the Narrows,
New Yoik, $50,000.
Fort Cartoll, Baltimore, Maryland, $50,000.
Fort Delawaie, Delaware liver, $50,000.
Fort Monroe, Hampton Roads, "Virginia, $5,000.
Artesrian well at Fort Monroe, $6,000
Repairing Government bridge over Mill creek, near Fort
Monroe, $500.
Foit Calhoun, Hampton Roads, Virginia, $50,000.
Repaits of Fort Moultrie, Chaileston haibor, South Caro-
lina, $8,500.
Fort Clinch, Amelia island, Florida, $30,000.
Fort Taylor, Key West, Florida, $70,000.
Fort Jefferson, Gaiden Key, Florida, $75,000.
Fort McRae, and presei vation of site, Fensacola, Florida,
$10,000.
Fort Gaines, Dauphin island, Mobile bay, Alabama,
$00,000.
Fortifications on Ship island, coast of Mississippi,
$20,000.
Fort Jackson, on Mississippi liver, $15,000.
Fort St. Philip, on Mississippi uvet,$10,000.
Fortifications tor defense of entiance into Galveston har-
bor, $20,000.
Foit Point, San Francisco, including outwork--, $50,000.
Fort at Alcatiaz island, San Fiancisco hav, California,
$25,000.
Contingent expenses of fortifications, preservation of
sites, protections ot titles, and lepair of sudden damages,
$30,000.
That the House recede fiom their amendment to the
fifty-second amendment of the Senate, and agiee to the
same with an amendment, as follows. Stuke out all alter
the enacting clause, and insert.
That upon the passage ot this act, or as soon thereafter
as piacticablc, a commission shall be appointed in the
manner hereinafter designated, to consist of two Senators,
two members of the House of Representatives, and two
officers of the Aimy; which commission shall examine
into the organization, system of dicipline, and course of
instruction of the United Slates Militaiy Academy, with a
view to ascertain what modifications or changes, if any,
aie desirable m order that the Academy shall best accom-
plish the objects of its establishment.
That the said commission shall report the result of its
examination to the Piesidentofthe Senate and Speaker of
the House of Repicsentatives.
That the commissioners from the Senate shall he ap-
pointed bv the Piesideat of the Senate: tho«e from the
House of Itepiesentativesbvthc Speakerof the House, and
those fiom the Army by the President of the United States.
And be it Jut the} enuctcii, That the sum of $1,500 be, and
the <-ame is hereby, appropnated out of any money in the
Ti easury not otherwise appropriated, to defray the expenses
of said commission.
That the House reccde from their disagreement to the
forty-ninth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with an amendment, as follows: At the end of said
amendment add :
Provided fuitktr, That compensation shall only be al-
I lowed for the perufd during which said troops were actively i
' employed m military service-
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
fiftieth amendment of the Senate, and agiee to the same
with an amendment, as follows : At the end of said amend-
ment add:
Provided further, That compensation shall only be al-
lowed for the period during which said tioops were actively
encaged m military service.
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
fifty-fii&t amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with an amendment, as follows: At the end of said amend-
ment add:
Provided further, That compensation shall only be al-
lowed foi the period during which said troops were actively
employed in military services.
* J II. WINTER DAVIS,
B. STANTON,
MARTIN J. CRAWFORD,
Managers on the jturt of the House.
J. A PEARCE,
JEFFERSON DAVIS,
SOLOMON FOOT,
Managers on the of the Senate.
Mr. PEARCE. I suppose it will he best that
I should endeavor briefly to explain to the Senate
the effect of these different amendments or agree-
ments. The first amendment is the one in which
the Senate restored the amount of the estimate for
the regular suppliesof the quartermaster's depart-
ment. The House appropriated $1,440,000. The
Senate restored the estimate, $1,580,000. From
their amendment the House recede, and agree to
the Senate's amendment. That applies to the
first and second amendment. The third amend-
ment is for the incidental expenses of the quarter-
master's department, including a variety of items,
such as expensesof expresses, expenses of courts*
martial, construction of roads, labor, clerks to
division and department headquarters, escorts to
paymasters and other disbursing officers,expense -
of interment of officers killed in action, purchase
oftravehng coaches, blacksmith and shoeing tools,
&c. The estimates were restored by the Senate,
and the House recede from its disagreement; so
that the estimates are now in the bill, if the Sen-
ate concur in this report. The next is for the con-
struction of barracks and other buildings at posts
which it may be necessary to occupy during the
year; for repairing, altering, and enlarging build-
ings at established posts, &c. We there restored
the estimates.
The fourth amendment was largely altered.
The Senate restored the estimates there, and ap-
propriated a large sum in gross, the greater part
of which was applied to the construction and re-
pair of barracks at different stations. The effect
of the amendment of the committee of conference
is this: we appropriate specifically to all that are
considered permancntestablishments, and we ap-
propriate m gross for those which are not consid-
ered permanent, and in regard to which the inci-
dents of the service might require larger or smaller
appiopriation, or even the abandonment of the
barrack; so that the Department will have a dis-
cretion in regard to them, which they have not
in regard to permanent establishments.
The House recede also from their disagreement
to the ninth amendment of the Senate. That pro-
vides for enabling the Third Auditor of the Treas-
ury to settle certain suspended payments for dis-
bursements through the Quartermaster General's
department. The money has already been ex-
pended in that case, but the accounts cannot be
adjusted without an act of Congress to authorize
it. Those accounts arc for supplies furnished to
volunteers in Kansas.
The eighth amendment, from which the House
also recede—which I neglected to mention—was
for reconstructing the stables at Carlisle barracks.
The amount inserted by the Senate was $8,050.
The House struck out$8,000,and inserted $£4,000.
They have agreed to restore the amendment as it
has passed the Senate.
The House recede also from their disagreement
to the thirteenth amendment. That amendment of
the Senate provided for an addition to the medi-
cal corps of the Army of four surgeons and four
assistant surgeons, to be appointed in accordance
j with existing laws. The House disagreed to it,
and the committee of conference recommend the
House to reccde.
The Senate are recommended to recede from
their fifth amendment. That amendment was to
strike out $250,000, which was appropriated by
the House for ordnance, ordnance stores, and sup-
plies, including horse equipmentsforthe mounted
regiments, and insert §300,000. The committee
recommend the Senate to recede from their amend-
ment; so as to leave the amount $250,000, as it
j came from the House.
They recommend the Senate to recede also from
their tenth amendment, which was "for procur-
ing and distributing to the Army and militia of the
United States Army Regulations, Military Laws,
and books of tactical instruction in the several
aims of service, ^25,000;" and also from their
eleventh amendment," for the support of one regi-
ment of Texas mounted volunteers, authorized
„ by the act of April 7,1858, $788,392 03;"andaiso
j| from their forty-eighth amendment. Their forty-
jJ eighth amendment was the fifth section of the
|j bill:
! I " That every person not subject to the rules and articles
i! of war who shall procuiu or entice a ^-oldierin the servico
j! of the dnited States to desert, or who shall iiai hoi, conceal,
li or give employment to a deserter, or carry hnn awav, or aid
■: in carrying him away, knowing him to he Mich, or who shall
'1 purchase fiom any soldier his arms, equipments, unifoim,
! clothing, or any part theieof,and any captain or command-
'! ing officer of any s-hip or vessel carrying away any such sol-
dier, as one ot his crew or otherwise, knowing him to
}• have deserted, or shall refuse to deliver him up to the orders
:! of his commanding officer, shall, upon legal conviction, be
