1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the evil can be reached by any additional legisla-
tion; perhaps no additional legislation is needed;
but it is an evil which should be remedied in some
way, or else we shall be startled some mornin^
by the news of a great calamity—the loss of one
of these steamers with a thousand passengers.
Mr. LATHAM. I would suggest to the Sena-
tor, as there is a bill now pending before this body
which has passed the House of Representatives,
that he prepare such amendments to that bill as
will cover the case of which he has spoken, and
provide against the emergency which he seems to
anticipate.
The resolution was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hates, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills and joint
resolution, in which the concurrence of the'Sen-
ate was requested:
A bill (No. 393) granting an invalid pension to
Nathan Randall;
A bill (No. 394) for the relief of Mary J. Mad-
dux;
A bill (No. 395) for the relief of Chauncey W.
A hill (No. 396) for the relief of Michael R.
Clark;
A bill (No. 398) granting a pension to Sarah
Blackwell;
A bill (No. 399) granting a pension to Adeline
Caddis;
A bill (No. 400) for the relifcf of James Floyd;
A bill (No. 404) granting an invalid pension to
Michael Hanson;
A bill (No. 407) granting an invalid pension to
Ezeltiel Jones;
A bill (No. 415) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Daniel Bedinger, deceased;
A bill (No. 424) for the relief of congressional
township number six south, of range number
eight west, in Randolph county, State of Illinois;
A bill (No. 425) for the relief of congressional
township number two south, of range number
twelve west, of the second principal meridian m
Gibson county, State of Indiana;
A bill (No. 426) for the relief of John Y.Sewell;
A bill (No. 428) directing the Secretary of the
Interior to Jiquidate the accounts of Mitchell &
Rammilsburg and Baker & Yon Phul;
A bill (No. 430) for the relief of the heirs of
Jonathan Skinner, deceased;
A bill (No. 434) for the relief of John P. San-
ford, administrator de bonis non of the estate of
Robert Sanford, deceased;
A bill (No. 436) for the relief of Eliza A. Mer-
chant, widow of the late First Lieutenant and
Brevet Captain Charles G. Merchant, of the Uni-
ted States Army;
A bill (No. 441) forthe relief of Nancy Weeks,
of Georgia;
A bill (No. 421) for the relief of Joel M. Smith;
A bill (No. 86) for the relief of Wikliam Lyon,
late pension agent at Knoxville, Tennessee;
A bill (No. 422) for the relief of Jethro Bon-
ney, of the State of New York;
A bill (No. 79) for the relief of James Hender-
son; and
A joint resolution (No. 17) for the relief of
William H. De Groot.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills of the Senate:
An act (No. 58) for the relief of George B. Ba-
con, late acting purser of the sloop-of-war Ports-
mouth;
An act (No. 59) for the relief of Samuel A.
West, George McCullough, Hiram McCullough,
and Charles Pendergast;
An act (No. 60) for the relief of Ann Scott;
An act (No. 74) for the relief of Edward N.
Kent; and
An act (No. 245) for the relief of Sweeny, Rit-
tenhouse, Fant & Co.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. HALE. I desire to offer the following
resolution, and I ask its consideration at present:
Resolved, (the House of Representatives concurring,)
* That the President of the Senate and the Speaker of the
House of Representatives adjourn their respeetive Houses
sine die on Monday, the 11th day of June next, at twelve
o'clock, meridian.
The joint resolution was read the first time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will now receive its second reading.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That resolution cannot be
read twice the same day without unanimous con
sent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to treat it as a bill or joint resolution.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I prefer that it should be
read but once to-day. I object to its further read-
in£:
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the resolution cannot receive its second
reading to-day.
Mr. HALE. This order is not like a bill re-
quiring three readings. It does not require the
action of the Executive; but is simply an order
of the Senate, and I understand it requires but
one reading.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The impression
of the Chair is that any resolution which requires
the action of the House of Representatives must
go through the same form as a bill.
Mr. BIGLER. It requires unanimous consent
to consider it to-day, and that is not granted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. At any rate, if
objection be made it cannot be further considered
to-day.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. GREEN. If it be the pleasure of the Sen-
ate, I move to take up the resolution I submitted
the other day, in regard to changing the regular
hour of meeting of the Senate to eleven o'clock,
instead of twelve.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the following order:
Ordered, Thattheliour of the daily meeting of tin: Senate
hereafter be eleven o'clock, a. m., until otheiwise ordered
by the Senate.
The question being put on the adoption of the
resolution, there was no quorum voting.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I ask for the yeas and
nays. There is a quorum present.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 32, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, IJenjamin, Bingham, liragg,
Cameron, Chandler, Cllesnut, (JIaili, Clingman, Collamer,
Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden, Filzpatrick, Foot, Foster,
Green, Climes, Gwin, Hamlin, Julnivm of Tennessee,
Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Nicholson, Powell, Ten Kyck,
Thomson, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—3:3.
NAYS—Messrs. liigler, Bright, Davis. Hale, Hammond,
Iverson, Johnson of Arkan:,a*, Rice, Sebastian, Slldell,
and Sumner—11.
So the resolution was adopted.
CALIFORNIA OVERLAND MAIL.
Mr. HALE. I ask the Senate, as there will
be a special order coming up at half past twelve
o'clock to-day, to indulge me with taking up the
overland mail bill, with a view of making it the
special order for to-morrow morning at half past
twelve o'clock. That is all I ask. I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of the bill
(H. R. No. 304) inviting proposals for carrying
the entire mail between the Atlantic and Pacific
States, on one line.
Mr. SLIDELL. I wish simply to say to the
Senator from New Hampshire, that a special or-
der, in which my colleague and myself feel an
interest, has been fixed for to-morrow at one
o'clock. The overland mail bill cannot possibly
be disposed of between half past twelve and one
o'clock.
Mr. HALE. What is your special order?
Mr. SEIDELL. The bill repealing a certain
act in relation to lands in Louisiana. I trust the
Senator will not press the motion.
Mr. HALE. I desire to fix some time when
the overland mail bill may be taken up. 1 will
say to the Senate that all our contracts for carry-
ing the mail to the Pacific expire in less than six
weeks, and then we shall be entirely without any
service. I move that the bill be made the special
order for half past twelve o'clock on Wednesday.
Mr. COLLAMER. I would remind the gen-
tleman that the bill for the admission of Kansas
was made the special order for Wednesday, at
one o'clock.
Mr. HALE. Then I name Thursday. Is there
any objection to it?
Mr. GWIN. We meet to-morrow at eleven
o'clock. Let the Senator name an earlier hour
than half past twelve.
Mr. HALE. I propose Thursday at half past
eleven o'clock. ["Agreed."] I move to make
the bill the special order for Thursday at half
past eleven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
ANSON DART.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The houf of half
past twelvemo'clock having arrived, the Chair
must call up the speeial order for that hour, being
the bill (H. R. No. 220) for the relief of Anson
Dart. The pending question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Lane,} to in-
sert, after the word " Oregon," the words " and
also to the superintendents who served previously
or subsequently to the said Anson Dart;" so that
the bill will read:
That the proper accounting officers of the Treasury De-
partment be, and they are hereby, authorized and directed
to pay, out of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to Anson Dart, late superintendent of Indian
affairs in the Territory of Oregon, and also to the superin-
tendents who served previously or subsequently to the said
Anson Dart, the sum of $4,000 per annum, &c.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The bill for the relief of
Anson Dart has been discussed heretofore, on
facts which were not embraced in the report of
the committee, and which the Committee on In-
dian Affairs had no opportunity of investigating*
Of course, it cannot reach the justice of the case
to discuss it on a set of facts of which we have
never had the benefit of an investigation by the
appropriate committee. I move, therefore, with
the assent of the parties interested, to refer the
bill back to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
with the amendment of the Senator from Oregon.
The motion was agreed to.
TIIE AFRICAN SLATE TRADE.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take from the table
the bill (S. No. 408) introduced by me for the
more effectual suppression of the slave trade, for
the purpose of moving its reference to a commit-
tee.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
taken up.
Mr. WILSON. I move to add five additional
sections to the bill. It is unnecessary to read the
sections. My object is to propose the addition of
these five sections as an amendment, and then to
move the printing of the amendment and the ref-
erence of the bill, and amendments to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. Before the vote is taken
on my motion, I desire to make a brief explana-
tion of the provisions of the bill.
Mr. President, the general voice of Christen-
dom pronounces the African slave trade a crime
against humanity. It is war, devastation, blood-
shed, tears, agony, death. Its appalling horrors
upon the land,its tortures and torments upon the
seas, glare upon the nations. The human imag-
ination cannot conceive, nor the human intellect
comprehend, the nameless woes, the "sumless.
agonies" endured by the hapless children of Af-
rica, through four centuries of this hideous traffic
"in the muscles and bones of men."
And now, in the light of the nineteenth century,
this traffic in humanity, which Jefferson branded
an1' execrable commerce;" a " piratical warfare;''
a " cruel war upon human nature itself;" which
Madison stigmatized as " infernal,"and Webster
pronounced "inhuman and accursed," stands
revealed to the gaze of mankind in all its loath-
some and revolting aspects. Civilized man pro-
nounces this traffic piracy, and the slave-trader
a pirate and a felon—" an offender far beyond the
ordinary depths of human guilt." Yet, in this
age, illumined by the lights of Christian civili-
zation, this abhorred traffic flourishes in defiant
mockery of the laws, the sentiments and the
opinions of the civilized world.
To America belongs the glory of having led
the nations in their effort to suppress this odious
and polluted traffic; but in this work of inhuman-
ity, which now stains and dishonors the age,
American citizens, lusting for gold, though it be
soiled by blood and tears, are enacting guilty
deeds which bring dishonor and shame upon the
American name. American avarice, in defiance
of law, is now reviving with renewed vigor a traf-
fic which is rekindling anew on the coasts of Af-
rica the fierceness of savage warfare and adding
""new and fiercer passions to the contests of bar-
barians." American ships, chartered by Amer-
ican citizens/manned by American seamen, fur-
nished with " the instruments of misery and
torture, manacles and fetters," forged by Ameri-
can artisans, are hovering on the African waters for
