1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
providing; for them. They are a very meritorious
class of the creditors of this Government. We
ought to meet our engagements with them. We
ought to organize the House. And let me tell
the gentleman from Pennsylvania that he ought
to come over and help put a good Democrat or
a good American into the chair, as an atone-
ment for the deep transgressions he perpetrated
against those contractors in the last Congress. I
say here to them, if there are any who hear me,
that the man who wronged them, and wronged
them for a purpose which he knows, is the man
who now affects to be their friend, but is unwilling
to makeany sacrifices to repair the mischief he has
created. And, sir, I have got the book here, and
choose to call attention to it. I mean to put what
passed in the last Congress before the country.
I mean to put it in my speech, and publish it, that
it may go abroad, and that the country may un-
derstand how it is that that gentleman can have
the cool assurance to get up here and talk about
want of faith upon the part of the Government to
the public creditors, and mouths outhis words as
though he would enlist their sympathies in sup-
port of his side of the House. When the Post
Office appropriation bill was under consideration,
on the 3d of March last, which was only one day
from adjournment; when this important bill for
moving on the wheels of Government, and in
transmitting intelligence in every direction, was
in a condition to admit of no delay; at that time
Mr. Grow introduced a resolution, which I will
ask the Clerk to read, in connection with the pro-
ceedings which followed.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"Mr. Grow. I rise to what soems to mo a privileged
question. X do not propose to discuss this question, but I
want to state it, and have the lloube act upon it. Section
seven, article one, of the Constitution, provides that all
bills for laismg revenue shall originate in the House of llep-
tesentatives. I propose now to offer the following resolu-
tion :
"J2e$oZvecT,That House bill No. 872,making appropriations
for defraying the expenses of the Post Ofhce Department
foi the year ending UUtb June, 1850, with the Senate amend-
ments thereto, be returned to the Senate, as section thiiteen
of said amendments is in the nature of a levenue bill.
" X want to state the reason for this resolution.
"Mr. Grow. I hold the course I propose is the proper
one, when one House thinks its privileges have been in-
vaded by the other. The thirteenth section of the amend-
ments of the Senate, referred to m my resolution, provides
for raising the postages. The postages ate collected and
paid into the Treasury, and we appropriate them, the same
as any other revenue, for defraying the expen-.es of the
Depaitment. The postages for ocean mail service are col-
lected in the same way, and paid into thcTieasury. So
that thi-> kind of icvenue, T take it, comes within that clause
of the Constitution which prohibits the Senate from origin-
ating revenue bills. I can see no difference between col-
lecting ten cents on a letter and collecting ten cents on
broadcloth. In the one case the duty is collected from the
citizens who consume the imported goods. But suppose a
citizen does not consume any imported goods: then he is
not taxed; and so the person who sends no letters through
the mail* is. not taxed."
**********
" Mr. Houston'. I desire to ask the gentleman whether
it is not competent for the Senate to originate a bill propos-
ing to bring unsold lands into market, and direct their sale ?
And I desire to a^k lum if it is not competent for the Sen-
ate to originate a bill mcieasmg the minimum price ot the
public land-5 from $1 25 per acre to any gicater sum they
may see fit?
"Mr. Grow. The first part of the gentleman's question I
answer in the affirmative; hut the last part of it in the neg-
ative. The Senate cannot originate a bill increasing the
price of the public lands, for that is a source of revenue to
the Government, If they can do that, they can originate a
bill to rai«o revenue in any other way.
" Cut, sir, T did not use to argue the question, hut merely
to state my point. This thirteenth section proposes to in-
crease the present rates of postage to five cent-., and, in some
case?, to ten cents; which would increase the taxation on
those who use the mails. Now, J take it that th.it is just
exactly the same as if they were to attempt to laise t\w tariff
on impoitod good5!, and inciease the taxe* on tho-e who
consume them I can see no distinction between the two
cases. Without further icmaiks,! askforavoteon mj'res-
olution.
" Mr. Ritchie. I doMie to say that I never will consent
to see the Speakoi of tlu« Hou^e decide questions of the
constitutional power ot the House as points ot order, and
say whether we shall leceivc bills from the Senate, os not.
It is putting the whole constitutional power of this House
in the hands ot the Spoakei. It is a question foi the House
to decide, what is it= own constitutional power; and i
would tiust no Speaker with any such power.
" Mi. Grow. I thought the understanding was, that we
weie to have a vote on my icsolution, as a question ot the
pnvileges of the Hou^e.
"Mr PiiFi.es, of Missouri. I think the point of order
has been well au^weied by the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Ritchie.] The section of the Constitution to
which the gentleman refers is not applicable to any ease of
this kind. That section of the Constitution is in these
words: «•
" 'All bills for raising revenue shall originate in the House
of Representatives; but the Senate may piopose or concut*
with amendments, as on other bills.5
" That section undoubtedly prescribes that bilb for rais-
ing revenue, such as are enumerated m the fir:>t clause of
the eighth section of the Constitution, must originate in the
Iloih-e of Representatives. That section leads'as follows:
The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes,
duties, nnpn-stc, and excises.'
"The amendment ot the Senate provides for no taxes
upon the people, as contemplated by the section of the Con-
stitution conferring upon Congress the power of raising
taxes. But we look to the public lands as a source of rev-
enue ; and we look to the deduction from the pay of mari-
ners for the purpose of supporting marine hospitals, as a
portion of the revenue, as well as to the postages. If the
point made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania be correct,
then the Senate has no power to provide foi the sale of the
public lands, bccausc they aie a source of revenue; the
Senate have no right to provide for imposing light dues or
tonnage dues an(l *lai> n0 iigl>t to provide for a deduction
from the wages of seamen for the suppoitof maiine hospi-
tals, because, m his opinion, they would be bills raising
revenue.
"Mi. Grow. X propose this as a question of the privi-
leges of the Uou3C under the Constitution, and not as a
point of order, as gentlemen say."
**********
"Mr. Phelps, ofMissouii. I move, then, to lay the res-
olution on the table.
"Mr. Grow. I demand the yeas and nays upon that
motion.
"The yeas and nays were ordered.
" The question was taken; and it was decided in the neg-
ative—yeas 80, nays 10G."
" So the House refused to lay the resolution on the table."
* * * * * V****
"The question was taken; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yea& 117, nays 76."
**********
"So the resolution was adopted.">
"Mr. Grow moved to reconsider the vote just taken; and
also moved that the motion to jeconsider be laid upon the
table.
" The latter motion was agreed to."
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise to suggest .
to the gentleman that we proccud to a ballot, and
then adjourn. The gentleman can finish his speech
on the next day the House is in session.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will finish this
particular subject before I yield. Mr. Clerk, when
I was speaking on the subject of the speech of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania the other day,
I was not apprised as I have been since of the
fact, and, I confess, I am very much astonished
that it should be so, when the gentleman scouted
my reading of the telegraphic report of his speech,
that the repot ters of this House had it down
totidem verbis, as I have read it from the telegraphic
reports, and that the changes made were made by
the gentleman himself.
Mr. GROW. I state to the gentleman again,
that, in the paragraph he has read, I made no
change, except to substitute the word " publish-
ing" for <c Republican." So far as the report in
the Herald is concerned, I know nothing about
it. I will say that I never used the words " Black
Republican upon this floor.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, lot it go at
that. I am very glad the gentleman disclaims the
word, though it may have been improperly im-
plied. But to proceed: I stated that on the 3d of
March, a few hours before the adjournment, the
gentleman from Pennsylvania introduced the
amendment which has been read; at that, very
time raising a constitutional question between the
two Houses. I charge that the gentleman ex-
pected that his m doing would involve a loss of
the bill, and that he desired that it should be lost.
And here I say, and let the mail service of the
country remember it, that on the last day of the
session this important bill was embarrassed by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, by raising a
constitutional question with the Senate. I said
upon this floor that it was an insult to the coordi-
nate branch of this Congress, which had as much
right to judge of its constitutional powers as we
had to judge of ours; that it was no time to raise
a question of that sort; and that it would be the
loss of the bill. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, after a brief argument, still persisted in
holding on to his amendment, and the question
was finally taken by yeas and nays; and it was
divided in'the manner 1 have stated—yeas 80, nays
10G; the result of which was, as nearly as I rec-
ollect, to lay the resolution upon the table, I call
the attention of the House to the matter, because
I wish to present the whole subject.
Well, Mr. Clerk, the bill went to the Senate
with that amendment on it. The resolution went
back to the Senate. It was lecturing them upon
their duty; it was arraigning them for exceeding
their constitutional powers; and the Senkte, vei-y
properly, in reply, said what I will now proceed
to read, in conncction with the proceedings in the
House.
Mr. Phelps was then chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means:
"Mr. Phelps, of Missouri. There is a message which
has been sent fiom the Senate in relation to the Post Office
appropriation bill. I desire to have it read.
"Mr. Grow. I desire to understand, first, whether the
reading of the message will bring up the bill to be acted on.
I want to undeistand that, for I thought I liad an under-
standing with the House on the vote on this question this
morning; but there seemed to be a disposition not to carry
it out very well. I only want to understand now the effect
of the motion.
" Mi. Phelps, of Missouri. 1 only ask that the message
may be read.
" The Cleik read the message, as follows:
"In the Senate of the United States,
" March 3, 1859.
"The House of Representatives having communicated
to the Senate a resolution, in the following words, to wit:.
"< Resolved, That the House bill (No. 872) making appro-
priations for defraying the expenses of the Post Office De-
partment for the yeai ending the 30th June, 1860, with the
Senate amendments thereto, be returned to the Senate, as
section thirteen of said amendments is in the nature of a
revenue bill.'
ft "Resolved by the Senate of the United Slates, That tf|p
Senate and the House being, of right, equally competent
each to judge of the propriety and constitutionality of its
own action, the Senate bus cxerciscd said right in its action
on the amendments sent to the House, leaving to the House
its right to adopt or reject each of said amendments at its
pleasure.
" Resolved, That this resolution be communicated to the
House of Representatives, and that the bill and amendments
aforesaid be communicated therewith.
"Mr. Phelps, of Missouri. I move to suspend the rules*
to take up that message and the bill and amendments.
" Mr. Harris. I desire to ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, whether he is not prepared to
leport a new bill making appropriations for the Post Office
Department?
" Mr. Greenwood. If he is, I hope he will not do it.
" Mr. Harris. Very well, i desire to ask the question."
**********
" The question recurred on the motion of Mr. Phelps,
of Missouri, to suspend the rules.
"Mr. Dean demanded the yeas and nays.
" The yeas aud nays were ordered.
"Mr. Harris. I should be glad if the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means would answer my ques-
tion.
" Mr. Phelps, of Missouri. I will answer it.
" Mr. Houston. 1 object.
"Mr. Harris. Then! hope the bill will not be taken
from the table.
"The question was taken; and it was decided in the
negative—yeas 94, nays 8.5."
**********
" So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the rules
were not suspended.
"Mr. Phelps, of Missouii. I now call up the message
from the Senate, relative to the resolution adopted by the
House, tcturmng the Posr Office appropriation bill.
"The message wa*> read, as follows;
" In the Senate of the United States,
« March 3,1859.
" The House of Represc ntatives having, in the opinion of
the Senate, departed from the proper parliamentary usage?
and method of tiansacting ousiness between the two Houses
by its action in regard to the bill of the House (No. 872)
making appiopriations l'o> the expense or the Post Office
Department for the year < nding June, I860: Therefore
" Resolved, That the Senate appoint a committee of con-
ference, to meet a like committee on the part of the House
ot Representatives, for the purpose of consulting aa to what
action ought to be had by the respective Houses m respect
to the said bill.
 • Ordered, That Mr. Stuart, Mi. pearce,andMr. Foot,
be* appointed manager oi the said conference on the part of
the Senate.
" Mr. Phelps, of Missouii. I move that a committee of
conference, on the part of the House,bo appointed to meet
the committee which has been appointed on the part of the
Senate.
" Mr. Grow. Does thin message bring up the bill itself?
If it docs, f shall object to its being taken up.
"Mr. Piifi.ps, of Missouri. It is merely a request on the
pan of the Senate for a committee of conference as to the
propriety of the action ou the part of the two Houses of
Congrea?.
"Mr. Grow. I object to the bill being taken up at all.
I have no objection to this request for the appointment of a
committee of conference being granted, if it will not be con-
strued to bring up the bid.
" The. sreaker. The Chair supposes, if the motion of
the gentleman fiom Missomi should be agieed to, it would
be necessary for the committee of conference to have the
bill in their possession.
"Mr. Grow, i do not see why that should be necessary.
We bent to the Senate a bill making appropriations tor the
support oi the Post Office Department for the year ending
30th June, I860. They returned the bill with a provision
on it for uusuig revenue. We sent u resolution returning
the bill, with our reasons therefor. They have returned us
this answer. Now, if the effect of the motion of the gen-
tleman from Missouri is simply to appoint a cooyi\ittee of
conference on the testation, I have no objection. If it
is to take up the bill, then I object.
"The Speaker. TheChairsupposesrtwiii be necessary
for them to have the bill before them, in orderto determine
the character of the amendments objected to by the House.
" Mr. Grow, The preamble of the resolution sent to tiuj
