2208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21.
human cargoes, or floatingupon the seas,freighted
with " cargoes of despair," with anguish, suffer-
ing, and death. The American flag is prostituted to
cover this ioathsome commerce by American citi-
zens, who should rather pour out their hearts'
blood to save that flag from such pollution and
dishonor. American Christians, in shameless defi-
ance of the moral sense of mankind and the laws
of their country, greedily clutch the surviving vic-
tims of this lawless and piratical traffic, and doom
them, in this Christian land, to perpetual bond-
age. American juries, regardless alike of the laws
of the country and their own sworn obligations,
refuse to indictorconvicttheaudacious pirate and
felon engaged in this'' work of hell, foul and dark.''
American jurists misconstrue, misinterpret, and
pervert the statutes of the country, to save the
pirate from a felon's doom, to keep the victim of
his crimes in perpetual servitude, and to shield
the guilty purchaser of that victim from the just
retribution of the violated laws of his country.
American political economists clamor for the re-
opening of the slave traffic; and American poli-
ticians demand the modification or repeal of the
laws which brand the slave trade as piracy; for
these laws wound the refined and nice sensibili-
ties of chivatric gentlemen, whose ardent souls
hunger and thirst for the revival of a traffic, the
contemplation of which fills their heated imagina-
tions with dazzling dreams of commerical grand-
eur, supremacy, and glory. American " commer-
cial conventions" are held, " African labor asso-
ciations "organized," secret leagues" formed, a d
" filibuster expeditions," in violation of neutral-
ity laws, the faith and honor of the nation, sent
to seize regions where markets may be opened
for the victims of this traffic. American journals
justify these deeds of piracy and blood; these acts
of shameless violation of law, justice and honor,
which offend the moral sense, and defy the public
opinion of an enlightened age.
The history of America, Mr. President, bears
ample evidence that the people of the United States
have ever been hostile to the African slave trade.
That colonial and commercial policy of England
which nurtured, fostered, and protected the Afri-
can slave traffic, found no sanction in tlie public
opinion of the people of America. Bancroft tells
us that " the English continental colonies, in the
aggregate, were always opposed to the African
slave trade;" that " laws designed to restrict im-
portations of slaves an: scattered copiously along
the records of colonial legislation." The first
Congress, in the Articles of Union, unanimously
gave legal expression to the well-formed opinion
and profound conviction of the country, by re-
solving " that no slaves be imported into any of
the thirteen United Colonics." Under the Federal
Constitution, by the acts of 1794,1SOO, 1807,1818,
1819, and 1820—acts which received the support
alike of the statesmen of the North and the South,
and the sanction alike of the people of all sections;
by the declarations of the treaty of Ghent, that
this trade is " incconcilable with humanity and
justice;" by the obligations of the Webster-Ash-
burton treaty—the American people have pro-
nounced in favor of the extirpation of this enor-
mous crime against the people of Africa. By these
acts of legislation, American citizens, seamen, and
vessels arc prohibited from engaging in this traf-
fic, and American citizens can acquire no title to
the victims of this illegal commerce. In view of
the legislation of the American Government, Mr.
Justice Wayne has emphatically declared, in his
charge to the grand jury of the circuit court of
the United States for the distiict of Georgia, that
" the rights of the inhabitants of Africa to their lib-
erty were required to be inviolable by the inhabitants
of the United Slates."
In spite, however, Mr. President, of the well-
known and oft-avowed sentiments of the people,
and of these acts of legislation, sanctioned by the
general voice of the country, American merchants
fit out in our harbors slave ships; American sea-
men navigate them; American citizens openly
purchase and hold in perpetual bondage the sur-
viving victims of the unhallowed trade; and the
American flag, the banner of our pride, is madti
to conceal and protect "wrong, violence, and
crime; the theft of living men; the foulness and
corruption of the steaming slave-deck; the char-
nel-house of wretchedness and despair." These
audacious deeds of lawlessness, violence, and in-
humanity, cast their darkening shadows over the
land, dimming the name and staining the fame
of America among the nations. By the general
voice of mankind, the Republic of the United
States—which began its existence by the condem-
nation of the African slave-trade traffic—is the
most powerful supporter of that traffic among the
nations. It is in vain for America to plead, against
the accusing voice of mankind, before the tribu-
nal of nations, that by her laws the African slave
trade is piracy, and the African slave-trader a
pirate and a felon, while American capital, nauti-
cal skill, and reckless daring, under cover of the
American flag, infest the seas, and bring into her
own ports, unpunished, cargoes of despairing vic-
tims. Nor will the world fail to.note the marvel-
ous change recently wrought in the sentiments
of portions of the American people in regard to
this heinous and appalling crime. Sir, in 1826—
six years after the nation had made the African
slave trade piracy—in the memorable debate on
the Panama mission—Mr. Hayne,then represent-
ing in this body the State of South Carolina, de-
clared that we had effectually accomplished the
repression of the slave trade, " not more by the
force of our laws than by the omnipotent power
of public opinion;" that "even in those States
where slavery exists, the people have gone heart
and hand with the Government in every measure
calculated to cut up this nefarious trade by the
roots. In the State which I have the honor to
represent, any man concerned, directly or indi-
rectly, m this traffic would be indignantly driven
out of society." In this debate j"udge Berrien,
speaking for himself and Georgia, said, " For
myself, I abhor the slave trade; it is abhorred by
my constituents."
Such were then, Mr. President, the declarations
ofthese eminent southern statesmen concerning the
African slave trade. Witness now the change
wrought in the sentiments of at least a portion of
the people of South Carolina and Georgia. In the
State where General Ilayne then declared that
"any man concerned, directlyorindirectly,inthis
traffic,would be indignantly driven out of society,"
grand juries refuse to indict the pirates and felons
of the slaver Echo; and Captain Corrie, the pirate
leader of the Wanderer, instead of being " indig-
nantly driven out of society" into a felon's cell
or on to a felon's scaffold, now struts the streets
amidst the caresses of applauding thousands,
shielded from a felon's doom by the monstrous
perversions of the laws of the land by a faithless,
if not by a perjured judge. And in that State
where Mr. Berrien then declared that the people
"abhorred the slave trade," the slaver Wanderer
lands, unmolested, her human cargo. In thatState
these hundreds of kidnapped Africans are, in vio-
lation of law, greedily clutched, scattered among
people, and publicly exhibited in defiant mockery
of Federal authority. From that State a delegate
goes into a national convention of the American
Democracy, advocates the reopening of the African
slave traffic, avows himself the owner of some of
the stolen barbarians of the Wanderer, and invites
the delegates of a Christian people to go home
with him and see his noble specimens of imported
negroes. In that State, the pirate, Captain Fan)-
ham, is forcibly taken from his prison, released
from confinement, and the Federal authorities put
at defiance and forced to make an ignominious
compromise with a mob of armed and maddened
men.
if the American people, Mr. President, would
manifest their sincerity, now questioned; if they
would vindicate the national character -from the
imputation ofconnivance at the violations of their
acts for the suppression of the slave trade, they
must not only enforce existing laws, but enact
such statutes as the exigencies of the occasion
demand. To carry more fully into effect existing
laws against the slave trade; to fulfill our treaty
stipulations; to check the traffic-now prosecuted,
by our countrymen, with renewed vigor, and to
vindicate the tarnished honor of the country, I
have introduced this bill for the more effectual
suppression of the slave trade.
The first section directs the Secretary of the
Navy to cause to be constructed five steam screw
sloops-of-war, for service on the coast of Africa,
in suppressing the slave trade. The vessels sent
to the African waters, in compliance with the
stipulations of the Webster-Ashburton treaty,are,
by common consent, illy adapted to accomplish
the extirpation of the slave traffic. The opinions
of naval officers and others, familiar with the con-
dition of affairs on the African coast, are most em-
phatically in favor of employing steamers adapted
to the service, instead of sailing ships. Com-
mander A. H. Foote, who commanded the Perry
in 1849, 1850, and 1851, on the coast of Africa,
and rendered most efficient service, in his book
entitled " Africa and the American Flag," says;
"If the commodore had a small-sized steamer on the
Loando station, in which he might visit the cruisers at
points along the line of the slave coast, we should no more
hear of a slaver using the American flag, than we do now
of his using the British flag."
In an address delivered at the annual meeting
of the American Colonization Society, held in this
city in 1855, Commander Foote said:
" France could not, therefore, even with a larger force
thaw England, accomplish the same result in captures as
the British squadron, as she is not in treaty with other
Powers, as England is. Her squadron of steamers and sail-
ing vessels has vindicated the French flag by lestncting its
use in the slave traffic. And when it is remembered that
the legal commerce of France is one hundied per cent, less
than that of the United States, and that the slave trade un-
der the French flag has been more than one hundred per
cent, less than that under the American, it will readiJy be
seen that the twelve French cruisers are ample for the pur-
pose of protecting French commerce and preventingthe use
of the French flag in tiie slave trade. Had the United
States, in place of her three sailing vessels, the number of
steamers and sailing crui&ers on the coast, with tieaty stip-
ulations for cooperation, that France now has—and which
it is believed she intends to be continued there—we soon
should hear no more 01 the American flag being engaged in
the slave trade, than we now do of the colors of England or
France covering that atrocious traffic." * * * *
"It will increase the efficiency of that force by the addi-
tion of several small steamers, as being better adapted for
the suppression of the slave traffic, and for the protection
of our valuable commerce, than the mere sailing vessels
now composing the squadron."
In a letter addressed to me, in March last, this
officer says:
"The proposition to build small steamers is a step in the
right direction."
Commander Lynch, in his official report, pub-
lished in 1854, said:
" If we do not wish to be accused, and perhaps justly
accused, of observing the letter and neglecting the spirit of
our treaty stipulations, with regard to the slave trade, we
will substitute small but effective steamers for sailing ves-
sels upon the African station. In the John Adams, we
were ten days in making the distance which couid have
been accomplished by a steamer in thiity-six hours.
-'From the causes I have enumerated, our cruisers can
visit very few places compared to the number that should
be visited, and, as the log-books will testify, otten remain
long at their anchors, or make yet more lengthy passages to
Madeaaio leeruit—a passage which, under canvass alone,
in the teeth of a trade wind, is often more prolonged and
more wearing to the ship than if she came directly home."
On the 17th July, 1852, Commodore Lavallotte,
then in command of the United States African
squadron, addressed a friend thus:
"I trust that the squadron may not be withdrawn, but
that it will be kept up, and instead of half a dozen sailing
vessels being employed in this service, theie may be sent
to the station three or four steam vessels that will more
effectually pioteet our commeicial intetcsts m this quar-
ter, a® well as moie ceitamly suppress, the slave trade."
Commodore Mayo, in command of the Afri-
can squadio*), writes under date of 23d December,
1853:
" It is much to be deplored that the want of small steam-
ers in our Navy deprives this squadron of the greatest
modern impiovement in naval equipments, tor these calm
seas are paiucularly adapted to steam navigation. 1 am
of opinion that it is veiy essential that the flag-ship, at
least, shouid be a steamer."
An intelligent correspondent, writing to the New-
York Times, a few months ago, from the west
coast of Africa, says:
" And finally, in the name of all that is sensible and rea-
sonable, if we are going to be in earnest m wiping out this
stain so foul upon us, let Ud signify out eainestue?> by send-
ing to the west coast a proper and adequate foice. The
idea of sending theie, an chasing ciatt, a lot of old bygone
sailing vessels, is^ simply ridiculous, and an insult to the
common sense of the age in which we live. Ten years
after England and France, we begin to discover that an
efficient aim of the naval service is t>mall, light draft, swift
screw steamers, and it i* to be hoped that in imitation of
those Powers, in the coarse of time we will have there the
only really effective vessels on the Afiican station."
A correspondent of the Times, referring to the
condition of affairs on the African cpast, says:
" That that work may be successfully prosecuted, it is, of
course, requisite that the proper means be furnished for it.
A few small, swift steamers, commanded by young officers,
who are anxious to acquire a reputation, would be a power-
ful lever m the hands of a rightly-disposed flag officer, and
would go far toward wiping out this foul stain ol the Afri-
can slave trade. 1 am glad to see the move made in Con-
giess, to have a class of vessels constructed which are the
only vessels lit for scrvice on the coast of Africa, f hey are
the more needed, from the fact that the slave-traders are
about employing steamers in the prosecution of their nefa-
