THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JUKE 20, 1860.
New Series No. 198.
a man could make with a legislature that was
not holden just as every other species of property
there, subject to the necessities of the public ser-
vice upon a just compensation made. I do not
want to rob these gentlemen of the value of a hair
of their heads; but I do think, considering the
demands of the public service, they stand m the
way, and they are willing to get off if we pay
them; and that is all I want. I want them to go
o.ut, and want them to be paid for it. As to the
idea that there is any uncertainty about this, or
this is a contingent claim to be forever at the doors
of Congress if we do this, that is all a mistake.
1 think these gentlemen would be glad to be put
out of the way. I am not authorized by them to
say so; but I think I can say that they will tell
you that thus far they have made nothing at all,
and the profits that arc to be made from this thing
are altogether prospective; and in view of all this,
they are willing to take a fixed sum, and I think
it is the public interest to give it to them. This
is all I have to say; and I leave the subject with
the Senate, thinking the Senate understand it.
Mr. POLK. I certainly am greatly misunder-
stood by the Senator from New Hampshire, if he
supposes that I advocate this company or any
other company interfering with these gentlemen,
thaC he well said are the pioneers in transporting
the mail across to the Pacific coast. On the con-
trary, I entirely concur m what was said by the
Senator from Arkansas in regard to that individ-
ual, or that company. I am perfectly willing that
they shall retain their conhact; and if any gen-
tleman, and I suppose the Senator from Texas,
who has just taken his seat, will do so, as a fan-
inference to be drawn from his speech, move an
amendment to protect their lights, 1 will vote for
it most heartily. He intends to move it, the Sen-
ator from Arkansas tells me. I concur with him
and the Senator from Arkansas and the Senator
from New Hampshire m saying that all due re-
gard ought to be paid to the rights of that indi-
vidual or that company, as the case may be. I
do not wish, therefore, to occupy the false posi-
tion in which the remarks of the Senator from
New Hampshire would place me.
But,sir, the Senator from New Hampshire does
me injustice in another respect. 1 have not held,
and shall not hold, that where the public neces-
sity, in the sense in which that phrase is used m
the Constitution, requires that contract rights, or
private property of any kind, should be taken for
public use, that it may not be done on making
fair and equitable compensation for it; but I be-
lieve at the same time that that is to be taken with
reference to the sanctity of private rights. The
public necessities that require the inteiference is
not that which may be indicated by the fact that
a Congress tiuee or four years ago may have
made a contract on facts that they were satisfied
justified the contract as fairand equal between the
Government and the private individual, and then
a Congress that may sit three years afterwards,
or any other Congress aftei wa ids, merely because
they may think the public necessities might be
better subserved ami the public convenience a
little better met by abrogating that contract and
taking from these individuals their vested rights.
I think that that is not the public necessity that
the Constitution contemplates at all. Who shall
be 'he judge of this public necessity? This Con-
gress w:lJ not be the judge of it. The Senator
may think that these gentlemen may be % cry glad
to back out of this contract, and he may vote to
back thctn out, to push them out, to crowd them
out in disregard of their rights, on his view of the
public necessities: but wh"ii this thing comes to
be propoily, ultimately determined, it will not be
the judgment of Congress merely. If it is, then
I say it is the worst kind of a despotism. A cer-
tain ancient king once wished a piece of land for
his own convenience, and he was the State under
that constitution of government, and he took the
piec of land. The humble individual who stood
beside him was not willing to sell it. Ho took
the piece of land, and he was rebuked by the
prophet for it in terms of burning condemnation,
that have gone down to all time, and will never
cease to ring in the ears of all posterity to come;
and why? Because he made himself the judge in
his own case.
Now, sir, the Senator thinks that these gentle-
men would be very willing tt> go out of this con-
tract for $600,000. 1 said, in answer to that, that
I was satisfied, on good information, that they
would not be content with $600,000. I know that
we can back them out; and so far as Congress is
concerned, we may give them no redress. We
friay keep them out. They cannot sue the Gov-
ernment, except through the Court of Claims; and
we know what that amounts to. The judgments
of that court come to Congress for revision after-
wards. We may do them injustice; but I take it
for granted no Senator wishes to do them that
kind of injustice. What I say is this: if the Sen-
ate is disposed to do them justicc, that is the sen-
timent of the American people. This Congress
may refuse it; and if they do, they will come to
the next; and the next may refuse it, and they
will come to the next; and will keep coming as
long as, in their judgment, there is a feeling in
the public bos.om that justifies the enforcement of
a contract against the Government. They will
come, and keep coming; and ultimately, I say,
we will have to respond in damages to them. Sir,
what are we annoyed with every day ? Just such
claims. They keep before us, and, as has been
said by some Senators—the Senator from Georgia
[Mr. Toombs] has sometimes said—we never get
rid of them; but the larger they are, the more eai-
nestly they will come. The nmo^t of this case
is ceitainly large enough to bung them, for the
lowest amount the Senator from New Hampshire
puts it at is $600,000. They will come for $600,000
year after year, and Congress after Congress; and
those of us who will remain here, if we do remain,
until we get too old to attend to public business,
will find them here stilt.
But, sir, as I said, that is not tlv1 view I take of
it. I will do them justice. As i said before, I
think the arithmetic will demonstrate, when ap-
plied to the facts that the post offices in San Fran-
cisco and St. Louis disclose that this will not be
the amazingly ruinous contract to the Govern-
ment that the Senator from New Hampshire sup-
poses it will be.
Mr. W1GFALL. Mr. President, I differ from
my friend the Senator from Missouri in lcfercnce
to this matter of the Butteifield eontiact, and on
the condition in which the pas ties stand, lie says
that they cannot sue the Government. 1 would
j ask the Senator from Missouri if the Government
can sue Butterfield? Now, suppose they were,
to-morrow, to find that tins contract was unprofit-
able, 1 ask, can a bill in equity he filed, and the
decree of a chancellor be obtained on it for specific
performance; and can they be foiced by a decree ;
of the court to carry the mails for twenty years,
if the contract were so long? Every Senator
knows that they cannot be. Can the United
States bung an action for damages for breach of
contract? 1 judge not.
That they can and will come here and petition
us, is a different question. There is a clause m
the amendment to the Constitution in reference to
this matter of petition that has been much mis-
understood—I do not intend to discuss it—which
provides that Congress shall pr.ss no law to pre-
vent the people from peaceably assembling to pe-
tition Government for rcdivss of grievances. 1
do not think that will apply to Lkuterfield'« case,
because he need not "assemble." He could send
in lus petition. That amendment to the Consti-
tution piovides that the people shall not be pro-
hibited from assembling; and I judge, therefore,
that under the Constitution "ue cannot pass any !
law authorizing anybody to read the riot act and !
disperse them; but beyond that 1 never supposed j
that amendment to go. But Dutterfield need not j
assemble. He can send in his petition here, and i
we can reject it. We can receive it, refer k, re-
port upon it, and do what we please with it, but i
cannot prevent him from sending it here; cannot
indict him for it; and that is the extent of the an-
noyance, Wc arc not obliged to pay him.
The question is, whether mail contracts are
under our control. I say that we have uncon-
trolled authority over all such matters, and 1 draw
the attention of Senators to it. I hod not intended
to speak on this question, and but for the expres-
sions which have fallen from. Senators upon the
subject, I would not have opened my lips; but it
seems to me there is a misapprehension as to
the law of the case. I take it, when you talk
about contracts, you are talking as lawyers, t
mean that when you speak of a contract, you use
the term in its just acceptation; you suppose that
there shall be two parties, each legally able to
contract, and that there shall be a subject-matter
about which you may legally contract, and that
the contract shall actually be entered into. With-
out these, there is no such thing as a contract. If,
then, there is any disability on the part of cither
of the parties as to the subject-matter of the con-
tract, or if the contract be not actually entered
into, of course, there is no contract.
Now, as to this matter of carrying mails, is it
the subject of a contract in the legal acceptation
of the term? I say not. Since the origin of Gov-
ernment there has at all times- devolved upon
every representative of tho State—for the State I
take to be the political community, and whatever
represents that political community in its sov-
ereign capacity is the Government, whether it be
one man, or whether it be divided into different
departments, or whether it be the people en masse,
according to the old market-house Democracy of
ancient times—the Government itself had devolved
upon it certain duties, such as to pass laws, to
constiuc laws, and to enforce them; but modern
civilization has required something more of Gov-
ernment. Modern civilization has required of
Governments not only the duty of passing, con-
struing, and enforcing, but of furnishing a conve-
nient currency, cheap modes of transportation,
and all those facilities for commerce and finances
which we know of; and among these, banking.
Twenty or one hundred persons obtain a bank
charter. The Government is bound to furnish a
currency. A number of persons apply to the
Government and say, wc will furnish you a cur-
rency. They are incorporated, and they become
by law a person. They become vested with this
prerogative franchise of furnishing currency. In
the Dartmouth College case, Judge Story talks of
that as a contract. He talks of it as an incorpo-
real hereditament. If it be so, then it is the sub-
ject of device, descent, and distribution. No law-
yer would say that. Is it a contract? If so, then
you can file a bill for specific performance, and
force a hundred men who have become a corpora-
tion to carry on the banking business, though
they may not find it profitable; and every lawyer
knows you cannot do that; or if they fail to do it,
you may bring your action for damages, and re-
cover damages for their not supplying the people
with money. You know you cannot do that.
That is the preat error of the argument into
which Judge Story fell in the Dartmouth College
case. It is that he did not reflect that political
power was not the subject of a contract, that no
individual in this country could be vested with a
property right in political power, that these mat-
ters depended upon the will of the political power.
Is it a corporation for making money, for build-
ing railroads, for carrying mails? These persons
or corporations become officers or departments of
the Government. They exercise political power,
become a. part of the Government, a department
of it, and must be dealt with by the political power
in its discretion.
If, for instance, twenty or fifty years ago, a con-
tract had been made by this Government—sup-
posingitcouldmakesuch a contract—for building
a turnpike to the Pacific; and one had been built,
one of those old-fashioned mud turnpikes, and
then steam had been discovered, and railroads}
had been built; and because this contract had
198
