2210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
United States residing at such port or place that
the said ship is not intended to be engaged in the
African slave trade; and if any such owner, ugent,
or purchaser, shall swear falsely in the premises,
he shall be deemed guilty of perjury, and shall,
on conviction thereof, suffer all the pains and pen-
alties imposed by the acts of Congress for willful
and aorrupt perjury.
Sir, these three sections of the bill—the seventh,
eighth, and ninth—were prepared and introduced
into the Senate in 1854, in the form of a bill for
the more effectual suppression of the slave trade,
by the late John M. Clayton. "While at the head
of the Department of State, his attention had been
most pressingly called to the use of the ila^ and
ships of the United States in the slave traffic be-
tween the coast of Africa and Brazil, by our min-
ister, Mr. Tod. The files of the Department con-
tained the amplest evidence, furnished by our
Brazilian ministers and consuls, that the slave
trade, so flourishing between Africa and Brazil,
was carried on to an alarming; extent by American
seamen arrd vessels, under the protection of the
American flag. Mr. Wise and Mr. Tod had fur-
nished the Government the most conclusive evi-
dence of the prostitution of our tlay; and the com-
plicity of our countrymen; they had suggested
the remedies, and earnestly invoked the prompt
action of their Government. Mr. Wise, in a com-
munication to the Government, said:
u It cannot be denied, and it i? no longer to he concealed,
(and the sooner all parties, at home and abroad, are in-
formed of it, the better,) that theieis no trade whatever
between the coast of Africa and Brazil.but what [hutak.es>.
directly or indirectly, of the nature and of the piolits or
losses of the slave trade. The slave trade is the mum, the
staple business, and fftl other trades, with the slightest ex-
ception, are accessory oi auxihaiy to it, between that co ist
aifd Brazil. And no vessels of the United State-? are char-
tered for the coa-^t, in this country, but to expoit goods,
provisions, and munitions of war, to make lunds for the
slave trade ; or they are chartered to carry and bring crews
of vessels employed m the slave trade, and to be tenders of
those vessels in other respects; or thevaie chartered to
cover their sales, and to obtain the protection of their flay,
until they can be delivered on the coa<t; and ship their
cargo of slaves. And they are chartered'by and bold to
none, or scaicely ever to any one. except notorious slave
dealers, and are consigned, in almost eveiy instance, to
their known agents in Atiica. And extraordinary prices
are given for the vessels and the charters ot vessels of the
United States, because their national flag alone protects
them Irom visits and search."
Mr. Tod, who succeeded Mr. Wise, in his
communications pressed upon the attention of the
Government the duty of taking prompt and effect-
ual measures to prevent the participation of our
countrymen in the iniquitous commerce in flesh
and blood. From these dispatches of Mr. Tod 1
make a few quotations, to show the guilty par-
ticipation of ourcountrymen, and the remedy pro-
posed. Mr. Tod says:
''Citizens of the United States aie constantly in this
capital, whose only occupation is the buying oi American
vessels with which to supply the slave importers. These
men obtain sea-letters, which entitle the in to continue n.
use the United States flag; and it is this privilege which
enables them to sell their vessels to the slave-ti.ider^, de-
liverable on the eoa*t of Africa, at double, and sometimes
more than double, the price for which they weie purchased
on the preceding day. The vessels take ovei slave goods
and slave crews, under the protection of oui flag, and re-
main nominally American piopeily, until a favutable op-
poitunity occuia tor receiving a caigo of slaves; and it is
not untreijuently the ease that our tlag covers the slaver
until the Africans are landed upon the eua^t ot Diazil.
" The granting of .sea-leit<«is to American puieiia^ers in
this country is one piohfie source of the abuse of oui flag.''
" It may be said, in general terms, that the entire trade
earned on in American vessels, between Biazil and Afnca,
is directly or indirectly connected with the stave traffic.
No one chattels a United State* vessel for Africa, and no
person purchases one deliverable there, exeept the slave-
dealer. I repeat it, the whole eonimeice canied on in
American vessels between the two countries is stained
with the blood of the African, and is a reproach upon our
national reputation " + * * "* * *
" But, so long as our vessels are permitted to clear from
the ports of Brazil tor the coast of Africa, Jor any purpose
whatever, no regulation can entirely check the evil. I
would, therefore, recommend that all trade in American
vessels,between the ports of Brazil and those of Africa,be
prohibited by law. The legal irade between the two coun-
tries is inconsiderable; the loss, therefore, to our earners
would be trifling "
" 1 also recommend that ourlaws, providing for the issue
ot sea-letters to vessels sold abroad, be so amended as to
entitle the purchaser to a sea-letter only to navig.-.te his
ship to the United States. This would, at all times, give to
our Government theseeurity afforded bv the bond executed
by the owner? upon obtaining their reaister, and to thi^ex-
tent serve to prevent^ violation of our navigation laws."
"The u e of American vessels m this traffic would also
be materially checked by refusing sea-letters, except for
the sole purpose of returning home to obtain a register."
The Hon. Gorham Parks, late consul at Rio
de Janeiro, in an official communication to Mr.
Tod, said:
i{ Soon after I arrived here, I was applied to, to grant sea-
letters. I perceived at once, what has since been too pairt-
fully verified, the great aid it would give to the slave traffic,
and'after consultation with Mr. Wise, then United States
envoy extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary at this
court, I declined to grant sea-letters for any other voyage
than to the United States, where, upon the arrival of the
purchased vessel, her owner would be obliged to procure a
register in the usual manner. Mr. Wise sent me a very
able and luminous argument, sustaining me in the views I
took of this subject, which I forwarded to the State De-
paitment. An answer was returned, informing me that it
1/vis my duty to grant sea-letters. Since that instruction
was known. I have gianted nineteen sea-letters to vessels,
seventeen of which are known to have gone to the coast of
Africa.
" As there is no trade in American vessels between Bra-
zil and the coast of Africa but what is directly or indirectly
connected with the slave trade, all commerce between Bra-
zil and Africa in our vessels should be piohihited. Should
any one deny the assertion that there is no trade in Amer-
ican vessels between this country and the coast, except
what is connected with the slave trade, 1 refer him to the
evidence turmshed in the cases of the Laurens and Inde-
pendence. Weie these suggestions adopted, you must be
well aware that not only the whole slave trade in our ves-
sels between Africa and Brazil would be entirek broken up,
but the slave trade itself, in any vessels, would receive a
seveie and salutary check; and no people would icjoice
more at such a consummating than a targe pioportionof
the ablest and wisest men this country afford* The deep
alFection winch is felt here for the people of the United
States would he increased: our commercial and friendly
relation-? would be drawn still neater together; our national
chaneter would be elevated more than it could be, weie
we to line this whole coast with Une-of-battle ships and
fiigates; much good and no evil would bo done.'5
From the State Department, where his atten-
tion had been callcd to this subject, Mr. Clayton
camc into the Senate, and early introduced the
bill to remedy the shocking evils described in the
reports of our officials in Brazil. In support of
his bill, Mr. Clayton said:
u American ships are always sought for in Havana for
the stave tiade, and command a higher price, when pur-
chased or chartered to be used as «lavers, than the vessels
of any other nation. Hence it is that our countrymen are
more deeply implicated as participating in this tratlic than
either Englishmen or Frenchmen We have acquired a
degiceof skill m the construction of ships unequaledby
any other nation." * * * * ■* *
k< It is not merely the superiority of the American vessel,
but the superior charactei of the American captains for skill,
intrepidity,and daring in these haz.wdous enterpiit.es,that
causes them to be employed at higher prices than could be
obtained by otheisi."
Under the lead of Mr. Clayton, the bill unani-
mously passed the Senate: but this \vi«e and Le-
neficcnt measure, in tended to remedy a groat abuse
and to check the slave tratlic, was not acted upon
in the House of Representatives. That House
was then engaged in a great struggle to repeal the
restriction upon slavery extension, embodied in
the Missouri prohibition of 1820, and had no time
to act upon this humane and Christian measure.
I have, therefore, incorporated this bill of Mr.
Clayton's, entire, into the bill I now propose;
and, as it received the unanimous vote of the Sen-
ate in 1854, I confidently liopo it will receive the
sanction of the Senate in 1860.
The British Government, with which we have,
by the Webster-Ashburton treaty, entered into
stipulations for the exlirpation of the African
slave trade, employs commissioners or agents,
resident m Africa. I propose, in the tenth sec-
tion of tkis bill, the appointment of a commis-
sioner, to reside in Africa, whose duty it shall be
to aid in the suppression of the slave trade, under
the direction and instruction of the President of
theUnitedStates. The service of an able and faith-
ful slave commissioner, resident in Africa, can
render to the great work of extirpating the traffic
in men, must be invaluable. A writer m the Now
York Times, under the signature of "Loanda,"
who speaks, as he says, from personal observa-
tion and general experience on the slave coast,
sustains this position. This writer says:
" Next in importance to having a proper and well-directed
squadron, I consider, is the appointment ot a slave com-
missioner. The presence of such an official on the coast
i<5 all-important, and i consider that the tact of the neces-
sity of such an appointment has been overlooked. The
vocation ot this man should be to adjudge ot prize*, and to
decide as to the legality of captures. lie should be armed
with high powers of autnority, and be an accomplished
juiHt, winch very many of our naval officers in command
are certainly not. By his keeping a number of spies (blacks)
in his employ, he eouid be readily informed a> to the prox-
imity of a slaver, or the congregation ot a cargo ; and on the
strength of that information would be able, by dispatching
a force to uie required point, to put a stopper on the pro-
ceedings of the slave-tiading gentry. He would keep the
.honae Government fully informed as to the actual state of
the traffic, which he would be well qualified to do by virtue
of his residence on the coast, and the fullness of informa-
tion which would be realized by his official position. And
in this connection, it may be well to state that the superior
efficiency and power of the British Government in keeping
in check the slave trade, is due, not only to the excellence
ot their slave squadron, but also to the workings of zeal-
ous commissioners, who, like sentinels ever on the alert,
catch the first sound of the slave-cargoes' tread, and pass
the news along the line."
By existing regulations, the naval officers sent
to the African waters to aid in the suppression of
the illegal slave traffic are responsible if the ves-
sels captured are not, by a court of law, proved to
be slavers. The difficulties of conviction, unless
slaves are found on board, are well known. The
oft-repeated failures to convict in such cases are
well known to the naval officers, and cannot fail
to repress their zeal, and thus restrain tlicir
action. By the eleventh section I propose to re-
lease the naval officers front any responsibility for
arresting any vessel suspected of being engaged
in the slave trade, and thereby leave them free to
exercise their own judgments m making arrests,
uninfluenced by any apprehensions of legal pros-
ecutions.
By the recent extraordinary decision of Judge
McGrath, of the circuit court of the United States
for the district of South Carolina, importing Afri-
cans who were not free in Africa is no offense
against the act nf 1820, and is not therefore pun-
ishable as piracy. The act of 1820, as construed
by Judge McGrath, in the trial of Captain Corrie
of the yacht Wanderer, only condemns as piracy
the seizure and importation of persons who are
free. By the twelfth and thirteenth sections, 1
propose to amend the provisions of the act of
1820 to meet the objections of Judge McGrath.
It is proposed, Mr. Piesident, by the enact-
ment of this bill, to construct five steam sloops-
of-war for service in the African waters, " to
assist," in the words of Daniel Webster, u in
scourging from the seas the worst pirates which
ever infested them;" to release the naval officers
from any legai responsibilities for the capture of
suspected slavers not proved to be slavers by the
courts; to incite the zeal of officers and crews,
by increasing fourfold the bounty for captures;
(o send a commissioner to Africa to baffle the
schemes of the flesh-jobbers on land and sea; to
make the fitting out of slaveis, like the sailing of
them, piracy; to facilitate the conviction of the
slave pirates of land and sea, by changing the
penalty from death to imprisonment for life; to
make the display of the American flag as a badge,
of nationality by a not legaily-registered Ameri-
can ship felony, the penalty of whii h is irnpiis-
onment of the crew and the forfeiture of the vessel;
tp make the sale of American ships on the coast
of Africa illegal,and to require the sellers and pur-
chasers of American vessels m any foreign port—m
North or South America, the West India Islands,
and theCapedeVerdelsldiids—to make oaili that
such vessels are not intended to be engaged m the
slave trade; to forbid the abuse of consular sea-
letters, by vessels sold abroad, by requiring them
to return to the United States for new registers
before making voyages to the African coasts; and
to enlarge the powers and increase the duties of
the judicial officers of the United States in the ex-
amination of ships intended to sail for the ports
of Africa, and in the arrest and examination of
colored persons imported in violation of the laws
of the country. I
Such, Mr. President, are the provisions pro-
posed to be incorporated into the* statute s of the
Republic, by the enactment of this bill. Existing
statutes, however wisely framed, are inadequate
to meet the necessities of the present. ThSy have
not only failed to preserve unsullied the American
flag upon the seas, and to prevent American ships,
navigated by American seamen, from participa-
tion m the guilty commerce in flesh and blood
between Africa and Cuba and Brazil, but tliey
have failed to preserve American soil from the
polluting tread of imported African barbarians.
I move the reference of this bill to the Judiciary
Committee, and I ask the members of that com-
mittee to give to it their earnest attention and fa-
vorable consideration. Should it have the favor
of the committee, should it receive the sanction of
Congress and the approval of the President, and
should its provisions be rigorously enforced by
the executive and judicial officers of the Govern-
ment, it will, I am sure, contribute something to
check the participation of our countrymen in an
