1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2211
accursed and abhorred commerce, to vindicate the
fame of our country, now tarnished, and to pro-
mote the final extinction of a traffic winch now
pains the ear of the Christian and civilized world
with the agonizing moans of the despairing, suf-
fering, dying sons and daughters of Africa.
The VIC& PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts moves that the amendment be
printed, and that the bill and the amendment be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HALE. I do not interpose any objection
to the motion; but I think it is rather a novel ref-
erence that a bill proposing to build five new ves-
sels of war should go to the Committee on the
Judiciary. I do not know whether it is our mode
of doing business to refer a part of a subject to
one committee and part to another; but it seems
to me the consideration of that question properly
belongs to the Committee on JNaval Affairs. I
have no objection to interpose. I merely wantto
make the suggestion to the Senate.
Mr. MALiLORY. Is it proposed to send a
proposition to build new ships to the Committee
on the Judiciary?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir.
Mr. MALLORY. I trust it will not take that
direction.
Mr. WILSON. Allow nie to say there is a
proposition before the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs now, I think, for this purpose. I believe an
order or bill of that kind was introduced. That
E revision, however, is only the first section of a
ill of thirteen sections. I think it may all go to
the Committee on the Judiciary. I should fiefer
that it should take that course, though I have no
objection to the reference to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. MALLORY. A proposition to build
steamships especially for the coast of Africa is a
very questionable one, particularly as circum-
stances are developing the propriety of building
ships for the slave tiade, rather for the coast of
Cuba. However, if the Senate think proper to
send that proposition to the Committee on the
Judiciary, I have no objection at all, although the
legitimate committee for building ships would be
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MASON. I did not attend very closely
to the remarks of the Senator from Massachu-
setts in relation to the bill; but as far as I did com-
prehend them, I understand the great object of the
bill is to amend the law for the suppression of the
slave trade. If it is suggested, as I understood
by his remarks, that a committee should inquire
into the expediency of amending the law to suit
some recent decision in one of the courts, clearly
that subject belongs to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. I should suppose, if the Judiciary Com-
mittee should report in favor of this bill, then if
the Senate or Congress should think it necessary
to enlarge the naval force, that would be a ques-
tion for the Naval Committee. I submit to the
Senator that there is some incongruity between
referring to the same committee the building of
ships and the amending of a law upon our statute-
books, which belongs to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. WILSON. Weil, Mr. President, in or-
der to meet the objection of Senators, 1 will move
that the first suction of the bill be referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and the remainder
of the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SLIDELL. I did not hear the provisions
of the bill very distinctly enumerated by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts; buttherc is one section
in addition to the first section that ought clearly
to be sent to the Committee on Naval Affairs. It
is that section which proposes to give ail addi-
tional bounty to naval officeis who may assist in
capturing slavers. The Senator from Massachu-
setts said he thought this provision was necessary
to stimulate the activity of naval officers. I think
in that remark he paid a very poor compliment to
the service. I believe those officers have been,
and are, disposed to do their duty. As corrob-
orative of that opinion, I will state that intelligence
has reached the Interior Department to-day that
another slaver, with about the same number that
the Wildfire had on board—I believe the name of
the new one is the William—has been captured
and cairied into Key West. It appears to me
these facts very clearly indicate that the bounty
now paid to officers is sufficiently high. I should
prefer that that section be referred also to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It strikes me that it is a
very unusual practice to divide a bill and refer
one part to one committee and another to another.
It is cdrtamly of no great importance to the ques-
tion, whether the whole of this bill goes to the
Committee on the Judiciary or not. I understand,
from the Senator from Massachusetts, that a
proposition similar to the one contained in the
first section of the bill is already before the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs; and unless it becomes
necessary to divide up our laws, and make half
a dozen statutes on the same subject—I have not
examined the provisions of the bill, but I presume
the sections have some connection with each other
—it seems to be altogether more appropriate to
refer the whole of it to some one committee. The
first portion of it evidently ought to go to the
Judiciary Committee, and I think it had all better
go to that committee. If any inconvenience shall
arise in the Judiciary Committee, when they re-
port it back they can make a motion to dispose
of it, by asking to be discharged,or report a bill,
if they should think proper, to carry out the ob-
jects which it is appropriate for the Judiciary
Committee to act upon. No harm can certainly
bo done by referring the whole matter together.
I hope it will not be divided.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw the motion for
dividing the bill. I do not see that there can be
any serious objection to letting it all go to the
Committee on the Judiciary. The chairman of
that committee, the Senator from Delaware, [Mr.
Bayard,] informed me that he would examine
this bill very carefully. I think that committee
will deal with it fairly, and I think we had better
send the whole of it to them. The first section,
however, is in a separate bill, introduced by me,
some time since, and is now m the hands of the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved and
seconded that the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts be printed, and that the
bill and amendment be referred to the Committee
oil the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Till] CAPITOL GROUNDS.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move to take up the bill now
on the files, for the enlargement of the Capitol
grounds; not for the purpose of discussing it, but
with the view of making it a special order, that it
may be soon considered.
The motion to take up the'bill was agreed to.
Mr. BRIGHT. I now move to make it a spe-
cial order for Thursday next, at one o'clock.
Mr. HALE. I object. I have been trying here,
and my colleagues on the Committee on the Post
Office and Pos>t Roads have been trying for a
month, to get up for consideration the overland
mail bill, and we have just made it the special
order for next Thursday, and I do not want it to
be broken in upon.
Mr. BRIGHT. Then I will say Saturday next.
As hereafter we meet at (leven o'clock, 1 move
that it be made the special order for Saturday
next, at twelve o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolution from
the House of Representatives were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated
below:
A bill (No. 393) granting an invalid pension
to Nathan Randall—to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
A bill (No. 394) for the relief of Mary J. Mad-
dux—tu tin' Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 395) for the relief of Chauncey W.
Fuller—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 396) for the relief of Lieutenant
Michael R. Clark—to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
A bill (No. 398) granting a pension to Sarah
Blackwell—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 399) grantinga pension to Adeline
Caddis—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 400) for the relief of James Floyd
—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 404) gianting an invalid pension to
Michael Hanson—to theCommittee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 407) granting an invalid pension to
Ezckiel Jones—io the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 415) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Daniel Bcdingcr, deceased—to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
A bill (No 421) for the relie£,of Joel M. Smith
—to the Committee on Claims. %
A bill (No. 86) for the relief of William Lyon,
late pension agent at Knoxville, Tennessee—to
the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 422) for the relief of Jethro Bon-
ney, of the State of New York—to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
A bill (No. 79) for the relief of James Hender-
son—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 424) for the relief of congressional
township number six south, of range number
eight west, in Randolph county, State of Illinois
—to the Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (No. 425) for the relief of congressional
township number two south, of range number
twelve west, of the second principal meridian, in
Gibson county, State of Indiana—to the Commit- _
tee on Public Lands.
A bill (No. 426) for the relief of John Y. Sew-
ell—to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Iloads.
A bill (No. 428) directing the Secretary of the
Interior to liquidate the accounts of Mitchell db
Rammilsburg and Baker &. Von Phul—to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
A bill (No. 430) for the relief of the heirs of
Jonathan Skinner, deceased—to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
A bill (No. 434) for the relief of Jolin P. San-
ford, administrator de bonis non of the estate of
Robert Sanford, deceased—to the Committee on
Claims.
A bill (No. 436) for the relief of Eliza A. Mer-
chant, widow of the late First Lieutenant and
Brevet Captain Charles G. Merchant of the Uni-
ted States Army—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 441) for the relief of Nancy Weeks,
of Georgia—to the Committee on Pensions.
Ajointresolution (No. 17) for the relief ofWil-
iam H. Do Groot—to the Committee on Claims.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill of the Senate, (No.
62) to amend the " Act to incorporate the Provi-
dent Association of Clerks in the Civil Depart-
ments of the Government of the United States, in
the District of Columbia."
ADJOURNMENT OP CONGRESS.
The message further announced that the House
had passed a resolution fixing Monday, the 18th
day of June next, for the adjournment of Con-
gress, in which the concurrence oftheSenate was
requested.
RELATIONS OP STATES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If thnre he no fur- ,
ther motion, the Chair will call up the special or-
der at this hour. The order of business which,
has precedence is the unfinished business of Sat-
urday, the bill in reference to the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad.
Mr. YULEE. Were not the resolutions upon
which the Senator from Georgia has the floor, the
order for to-days?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There arc two spe-
cial orders before those resolutions.
Mr. YULEE. I move, then, to postpone the
prior orders, and take up the resolutions of the
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis.]
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the resolutions sub-
mitted by Mr. Davis, on the 1st of March, rela-
tive to the relations of the States, the light of the
citizens of the United States to emigrate to the
Territories with slave property, and the duty of
protecting this right when it shall be infringed
upon.
Mr. TOOMBS addressed the Senate for two
hours and a quarter. [His speech will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
Mr. HAMMOND. Mr. President, I feel re-
luctant to trespass on the time of the Senate, and .
to follow with a diy constitutional argument the
able, eloquent, and stirring speech of the Senator
from Georgia; but I have a few words to say, and
I may as well go on this afternoon.
If 1 understand it aright, the precise question
before the Senate is simply this: have the terri-
torial governments established by Congress the
