1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m -
The roll was called accordingly; and the fol-
lowing members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Barr, Brown, Campbell, Carter, Clemens, Clark
B. Cochrane, Dimmick, Garnett, Hawkins, Hickman, Jen-
kins, Junkm, KiUinger, Landrum, Maclay, Milhvard,
Phelps. Rust, Sedgwick, Sickles, Stalhvorth, Stevens, Van
Wyck, Webster, Winslow, and Wood.
Pending the call,
Mr. FLORENCE, said: I have been very ill
all the week, but have come here, under the im-
perative sense of duty, severely suffering. To-day
my colleague [Mr. Campbell] consented to pair
with me till Tuesday next, believing as I did that,
as Christian men, the House would at least ad-
journ till Tuesday, for the proper observance of
this festive season. Ipresume, therefore, that the
House will not be honored with my presence on
Monday.
Mr. MILES, stated that Mr. Garnett had
paired with Mr. Millward.
Mr. FLORENCE stated that Mr. Hickman
had paired with Mr. Dimmick.
Mr. COX stated that Mr. Killinger had paired
with Mr. Sickles.
Mr. PENNINGTON stated that Mr. Nixon
had paired with Mr. Stevenson.
Mr. MORSE stated that he had paired with
Mr. Hawkins.
Mr. TAYLOR stated that Mr. Landrum had
paired with Mr. Carter.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, stated that Mr.
Webster had paired with Mr. Junkin.
On motion of Mr. GROW, all further proceed-
ings under the call were dispensed with.
Mr. KILGORE. I move that the House do
now proceed to vote for Speaker.
The motion was agreed to.
TWENTY-FIRST BALLOT FOll SPEAKER.
The House proceeded to the twenty-first ballot
for Speaker, with the following result: Whole
number of votes cast, 206; necessary to a choice,
104; of which—
Mr. Sherman leceivcd 10°
Mr. Bocock  20
Mr. Gilmer  J?
Mr. Houston 
Mr. John G. Davis. 5.  11
Mr. Maclay  9
Mr. Maynard  «
Mr. McClernand  3
Mi. Scott  3
Mr. Simms  £
Mr. Branch  *
Mr. Hardeman  2
Mr. Millson  2
Mr. Pendleton  ~
'Mr. Reynolds  2
Mr. Thomas L. Anderson  1
Mr. Barksdale  |
Mr. Bonham  \
Mr. Bnggs    J
Mr. English  ]
Mr. McQ.ueen  1
Mr. Phelps  1
Mr. William N. II. Smith  1
Mr. Stevenson    1
Mr. James A. Stevvait  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Sherman— Morris. Charles F- Adams, Aldrich
Alley, Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake. Brayton,
Buffinton, Burlingame, Buinhain, Burroughs, Butteiheld,
Carey, Case, Colfax, Conkling, Oorwin, Covodc, Curtis,
Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Erlgprton, Edwaids, Eliot,
Elv, Famsworth, Fenton, Ferry, Foster, Frank, French,
Gooch, Graham, Grow, Gurley, Hale, Hall, Haskin, Hel-
mick, Hoard, Humphrey, Hutchins, Irvine, Francis W.
Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, DeWitt C.
Leach, Lee, Longnecker, Loomis, Lovejoy,Marston, Mc-
Kean, McKnight, McPherson, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward
Joy Morris, Olm, Palmer, Pennington, Pprry, Pettit, Porter,
Pottle, Rice, Christopher Robinson, Royce, Schwartz,
Scranton, Somes, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, William
Stewart, Tappan, Thayer, Thcaker, Tompkins, Train,
Trimble, Vandever, Verree, Wade, Waldron, Walton,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washbume, UiacJ
Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Wmdom, and WoodtufF.
For Mr. Bocock—Messrs. Avery, Buicli,Burnett,Burton
Ciaige, Crawford, Reuben Davis, Hardeman, Hmdman,
Jones, Keitt, Kunkcl, Love, Miles, Pryor, Ruffin, Simms,
Thomas, Underwood, and Wright.
For Mr. Gilmer— Messrs. Green Adams, William C. An-
derson, Boulignv, Brabson, Briggs, Bristow, II. Winter
Davis, Etheridge, J. Morrison Harris, Hatton, Hill, James
M. Ltach, Laban T. Moore, Nelson, Cluarles, William N.
H. Smith, and Stokes.
For Mr. Houston—Messrs. Ashniore, Bonham, Clopton,
Cooper, Curry, English, Gartrell, Jackson, Logan, McCler-
nand, Isaac JSL Morris, Niblack, Pendleton, Reagan, Seott,
Singleton, and Taylor.
For Mr. John G. Davis—Messrs. Adrian, De Jarnette,
Fouke, Howard, Charles D. Martin, Elbert S. Martin,
Montgomery, Reynolds, Riggs, James C. Robinson, and
William Smith.
For Mr. Maclay—Messrs. Barksdale, Boyce, Branch.
Hamilton, Houston, Larrabee, McRae, Millson, and Syden-
ham Moore.
For Mr. Maynard—Messrs. Botelcr, Davidson, and Mal-
lory.
F'or Mr. McClernand—Messrs. Barrett, John T. JHarris,
and Leake.
For Mr. Scoff—Messrs. Edmundson, Lamar, and James
A. Stewart.
For Mr. Simms—Messrs. Thomas L. Anderson, Peyton,
and John B. Clark.
For Mr. Branch—Messrs. Noel! and Whiteley.
For Mr. Hardeman—Messrs. Bocock and Maynard.
For Mr. Millson—Messis. John Cochrane and Winslow.
For Mr. Pendleton—Messrs. Allen and Vallandigham.
For Mr. Reynolds—Messrs. Horace F. Clark and John G.
Davis.
For Mr. Thomas L. Jhidcrson—Mr. Woodson.
For Mr. Barksdale—M \ Cobb.
For Mr. Bonham—Mr. McQueen.
For Mr. Briggs—Mr. Gilmei.
For Mr. English—Mr. Cox.
For Mr. McQueen—Mr. Pugh.
For Mr. Phelps—Mr. Stout.
For Mr. William, N'. H. Smith—Mr. Vance.
For Mr. Stevenson—Mr. Holman.
For Mr. James A. Stewart—Mr. Hughes.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
half-past four o 'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned
till Monday at twelve o'clock, m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 26, 1859.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Rev. Stephen P. Hill, D. D., offered up
the following prayer:
Almighty and most merciful Father, in whom
we live and move and have our being, we thank
Thee for all Thy providential care of us, and for
the innumerable favors which Thou hast show-
ered upon the path of our life. We thank Thee
for that health and reason, in the enjoyment of
which we are permitted this morning to assemble |
together. "VVe bless Tliee for Thy guardian care |
of our beloved country. Thy hand has been in
all its history. Thou wast the God of our fathers.
Thou hast been our God. We pray Thee to in-
terpose for us in this crisis of our affairs, and
overrule all untoward events for ultimate good.
May all our reciprocal sectional enmities, suspi-
cions, and contentions give place to milder tempers,.
calmer counsels, and more fraternal feelings. Oh,
Thou great protector, Thou pilot, our Father at
the helm, guide us through this storm into a haven
of safety and of peace. Give to Thy servants
assembled in this Hall of legislation the spirit of
conciliation, of kindness, of peace, of patriotism,
of piety; and.ifit be Thy will, may they be guided
this day in theirehoice, of aPresidingOfficer. May
brighter, better prospects open before us, and Thy
guardian care be always extended over us. May
the sun never see these States " divided, discord-
ant, belligerent," but may we be always a united
people, and become an increasingly-happy and
prosperous people. <
Oh God, be merciful unto us, and cause Thy
face to shine upon us, that Thy way may be known
upon earth and Thy saving health among all na-
tions. These are our petitions, and we present
them to Thee in the name and for the sake of our
great Mediator. Amen.
The J ournal of Saturday wa s read and appro ved.
THE SPEAKERSHIP.
The CLERK stated the question to be on the
admissibility.of the resolution offered to be intro-
duced by Mr. Winslow, on Thursday last, 011
which Mr. Smith, of Virginia, was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. Will the gentle-
man from Virginia yield me the floor for a mo-
ment?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, les. sir.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentuiky. I have a resolu-
tion which I desire to have read for information;
and I will ask leave to introduei' it. [Cries ol
" Read for information."]
The resolution was read, as follows:
RrsolvrJ, That Alexander It. 1>otkle_r to, and lie is
hereby declared, Speaker of the T!mty-Si\tli Congie^ uf
the United States.
Mr. BINGHAM and Mr. BARKSDALE ob-
jected.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I move to amend the
resolution by striking out the name of Alexan-
der R. Boteler, and inserting that of ,Tohn Ct.
Davis
The CLERK. The Clerk will state that the
resolution is not before the House,-it havifig been
objected to.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I withdraw my objection
for the present.
The CLERK. Docs the gentleman from Ohio,
withdraw his objection?
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not.
Mr. STEWART, ofMaryland. Does a single
objection prevent any action of the House? It
strikes me that it is not competent for a single
member to object to a resolution of that sort. ■
The CLERK. The Cleric will state that there
are some pending questions before the House,
two of which arc privileged questions.
Mr. NOELL. 1 inquire whether it is not in
order to move to pass over the pending business
and take up this resolution ?
The CLERK. If there be no objection, that or
any other resolution can be introduced. Where
objection is made, the Clerk is of opinion that,
under the parliamentary law, it cannot be intro-
duced.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I introduced that
resolution honestly, hoping that it would meet the
approbation of a majority of this House. We
have endeavored, I trust honestly, since the first
meeting of this body, to organize the House. I
have been honest; 1 have been candid; I have
been earnest in every vote that I have given, for
the purpose of an organization of this House. I
trust that the same honesty, the same candor, the
same frankness, have been exercised by every
member of the body.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The resolution of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky was objected to. It is not
before the House, and I object to the gentleman
debating it. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Smith] is entitled to the floor, and the gentleman
from Kentucky has no right to debate that reso-
lution.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I have the floor.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The gentleman is mis-
taken. The gentleman from Virginiais entitled to
the floor. The resolution of the gentleman from
Kentucky was objected to, and is not in order.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. The gentleman
from Mississippi, perhaps, did not hear the gen-
tleman from Virginia yield me the floor.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia merely yielded the floor to allow the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Kentucky to bo read
for information. The resolution of the gentleman
was read for information; it was objected to; it is,
therefore, not before, the House, ami is not debat-
able.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. The gentleman
from Virginia yielded to me. I leave the matter
to him to say for what purpose he did yield the
floor.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Certainly, when I
yielded the floor to the gentleman, I had no idea
that it was for the purpose of going into a general
debate. I yielded to him to hear what he had to
Sir. MOORE, of Kentucky. It is only what 1
have to say that 1 want the gentleman to hear.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia^ I am perfectly will-
ing, if there be; no objection, that the resolution of
the gentleman should be received, and to have a
vote of the House upon it, without debate.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] objected to it, and it cannot be
introduced.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. Well, sir, as I re-
marked before, I understood the gentleman from
Virginia to say he yielded me the floor to hear
what I had to say. It is only what I have to say
that I want him and the House to hear. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I tlunk the gentle-
man from Kentucky misunderstood me a little.
I supposed what hi' had to say would be expressed
in his resolution. That I was willing to have rend
for information. The House, however, objected
to it; and 1 had no idea of introducing here a new
subject of general debate, and that the general
sub|ects now before the House, with the views I
desire to present, should be superseded.
The CLERK. Does the gentleman from Vir-
ginia yield the floor for the purpose of allowing
the gentleman from Kentucky to proceed with his
remarks? , ,
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. 1 am exceeding! v
