2212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
power to define and declare what shall be and
■what shall not be property within the settled ter-
ritorial boundaries? Those who advocate the
resolution offered by the Senator from Missis-
sippi deny that the Territories have such power.
Those who oppose the resolutions maintain that
they have. Both parties will agree, of course,
that the power to define and declare what is prop-
erty is supreme and uncontrollable; in snort,
what we call sovereign. Certainly no other power
can do it; since, in that case, the really supreme
power could at once reverse any such declaration,
and without a proper definition of property agreed
upon by the controlling power of a Government,
there could be no civil Government at all; for
civilized government, however far it'may reach,
is organized on property, and never has existed,
and never can exist long without defining by law
or established usage what is property.
- "We have no history of the origin of human
association and political government that gives us
any full or clear account. The Bible and other an-
cient books give us hints, which suggest thoughts,
that enable us to form conceptions of these mat-
ters, which are, perhaps, sufficient for all our prac-
tical purposes. A roving family, grown into a
tribe,finding pleasant waters, fine soil, and sweet
air, that have not been appropriated, arrests its
wanderings, drives down its stakes, claims this
delightful region as its own, constitutes it prop-
erty, and, dividing it out, organizes a government,
and, by the right of eminent domain, of usage,
and its physical power, establishes a sovereignty.
That sovereignty is good so long as it can be main-
tained against all assaults. If it sustains itself, in
time it grows great; it becomes over-populous; it
sends out emissaries to discover other similarly-
endowed lands; it obtains them by first discovery,
by purchase, or by conquest; it colonizes them
with its surplus population, but, holding the em-
inent domain, it holds its colonies in strict subor-
dination to its own will, and maintains sovereignty
overthem. The colonies also grow. In time they
demand sovereignty for themselves. It is wisely
conceded, or, by a successful rebellion, it is con-
quered by the colonies, and each becomes sover-
eign. Such, I take it, has been the almost unva-
rying history of the origin and progress of human
association and political organization.
Thus the thirteen colonies, which became the
United States of America in 1787, were planted
long previously by Great Britain. In 1776 they
proclaimed themselves to be sovereign and inde-
pendent States. Great Britain refused to concede
to their demands; hut, after a long and bloody war,
they achieved their independence, and were ac-
knowledged as sovereign States.
When the present constitutional Union was
established, many States were entitled, by char-
ters and grants from the former mother country,
* to large areas of territory still wild and unpeopled.
These they all surrendered to the new General
Government, for the purpose, mainly, of creating
a fund to pay off the war debt of the Revolution.
Subsequently we have acquired, by purchase,
Louisianaand Florida; by annexntion,Texas;and
by conquest and purchase,our Pacific coast. To
every one of these large acquisitions, every inch
of which, Texas excepted, became the common
property of each and all of the States—of whom
tile General Government was the trustee—large
numbers of our citizens flocked, seeking to better
their fortunes, not only unrestrained, but very
rightly encouraged, by this Government. By the
Constitution of the United States, Congress was
empowered "to dispose of and make all needful
rules and regulations respecting the territory and
other property of the United States." This was
a very vague and indefinite grant of power; but
it was, by unanimous consent,construed to mean
that Congress might establish a suitable provis-
ional government for each Territory so soon as
the number of inhabitants required that law and
order should be enforced, and the property of the
United States, as well as peace and justice, pre-
served there, by the intervention of the Federal
Government. It was considered a " needful reg-
ulation," and nothing more.
Yet these adventurers, few or more, squatting
on land they do not own, but which belongs to
all tin? btafes, and of which they do not souat on
more than a small portion within the limits as-
signed them, are those into whose hands the
opponents of these resolutions demand that sov-
ereignty throughout their whole border shall be
surrendered. vVhy, they are but voluntary exiles
who have been allowed to seek homes in a wilder-
ness not discovered, purchased, or conquered by
them, but still the property of the States, and
whom, in their yet unfinished term of social in-
fancy and political pupilage, the great agent, the
States, has kindly undertaken to protect; giving
them judges, Governors, and a sort of Legislature
—all subject, however, to be withdrawn at any mo-
ment—and the whole system supported from the
Treasury of the States. Yet it is said that such
Territories are sovereignties, and such people sov-
ereigns, and that such an organization can assume
the high and sovereign function of defining and
declaring what is ana what is not property, and
thereby forbid a large proportion of the citizens
of the States, who really own the lands, from en-
tering such Territories \^jth their rightful prop-
erty.
It is said here, by those who advocate this ex-
traordinary doctrine, that adventurers going, for
instance,to Pilce'sPeak,Nevada, or Arizona, and
organizing for themselves provisional govern-
ments, withoutrecognition from this Government,
would not be entitled to the rights of sovereigns.
To this the Se-nator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis]
very pointedly and justly answered, that perhaps
they were the very people who, from the abso-
lute necessity of the case, would be justified in
exercising, for a time, sovereign power. And I
will add, if they could sustain themselves in their
organization against all attacks, they would be-
come permanently and rightfully sovereign. But
thatgangs of adventurers, intruding into a domain
that belongs to others, squatting on its choicest
lands, and when increased to such numbers that
they cannot keep the peace among themselves,
petitioning then to the agents of the true owners
of the soil, and receiving, at the owners' charge
and cost, ample protection, should immediately
thereafter proceed to exercise the high and su-
preme sovereign right of deciding what is and
what is notproperty on that domain, and exercise
it in a way to exclude the people of nearly half
the States from their Territory, is clearly absurd.
It is a proposition not merely anomalous in every
feature, not only unknown to history, but utterly
opposed to truth, to reason, to justice, to honor,
and to common honesty. It is called " squatter
sovereignty." The name describes it. It can
never achieve a more respectable cognomination.
I have endeavored to show, rather by statement
than by argument, that our territorial organiza-
tions—called governments by courtesy, but which
really are only corporations, that maybe dissolved
at the will of the Federal Government—cannot
dcclare what is property in the Territories, and
are not sovereign. It is said, nevertheless, that
they are sovereign, because of a certain natural
and inherent right of any population organized
under any form of government to regulate their
own affairs. Nothing could be more vague, un-
certain, metaphysical, and shadowy, than such a
proposition as this. If man has any natural or
inherent rights—which I deny, regarding all the
rights to which a bein<r born so helpless as man,
may attain to be purely conventional, and such
as other men allow him—I should suppose that
those rights belonged to him as an individual,
rather than as a member of any social orpolitical
system. It seems to me clear that we must be
born with whatever is natural or inherent to us,
and that we can receive no accession of rights of
that character from any social or political organ-
ization; but that, on the contrary, such rights,
whatever they may be, must be m no small de-
gree restrained and diminished by any organiza-
tion formed for the good of the whole. Such, in
fact, is the case. Individual rights—no individual
pretensions, passions, and desires, mistaken for
rights—are just what governments are instituted
to control and regulate. But if any such natural
or inherent rights could possibly exist, they arc
conceded when the settler on the public domain,
asking the protection of this Government, agrees
to be governed by such an organic law as Con-
' gress may offer him—which he does for the sub-
| stantial consideration ofprotection. Ifhe, by him-
self, or in conjunction with his fellow-settlers, '
had any such rights, they are entirely surrendered
when they come under the Constitution and the
laws of this Confederation. Their immediate local
governments, haying no other foundation than
the vaglje power of Congress to make " needful
rules and regulations" for such a population to
set itself up as a sovereign people; and such a
corporation to demand to .exercise any sover-
eign power, especially the great central sovereign
power of declaring what is property, is, I repeat
it, with due deference, simply absur'd, and would,
1 think, be agreed to by no human being of ordi-
nary intelligence who was not misled by his pas-
sions, prejudices, or interests. Why, the Federal
Government itself, save in one or two instances
where the power has been conferred on it, cannot
declare what is or what is notproperty. That is
a power reserved by the sovereign States, and by
them alone can be exercised; and it is by this
reservation that they prove their sovereignty.
What each State declares to be property, the Gen-
eral Government is bound, in all its Departments,
to regard as property, and protect as property;
and so, under the Constitution, every other State
is bound to regard and protect it; and each and
every State has a right to demand that, whatever
it has, by its sovereign fiat, declared to be prop-
erty, shall most especially be recognized and pro-
tected as such on the territorial soil of which it is
part owner.
But auother great power has been granted to
Congress which bears directly on this question.
Though it can only make " needful rules and reg-
ulations for the territory," &c.—note that the
word is " territory," not territories—showing that
the whole scope of the grant of power was to reg-
ulate property only, yet, this Government, not
sovereign itself, can, as it were, create a sovereign,
by the express and constitutionally recorded will
of the sovereign States. It is authorized to "admit
new States." All " States " are sovereign. They
can define and establish property, and your Ter-
ritories, when they arc admitted as States, may do
it also, but not a moment before. In that we all
agree. And it seems to me very strange that the
Territories, when a few short years will enable
them to attain the high position of sovereign States
in this Confederation, should wish to snatch at
sovereignty before their time. It was not so of
old. It can only be explained by referring to the
progress of demagoguery in these degenerate days
of the Republic, and to the insane desire to de-
stroy one section of this Union. But this is beside
the argument. If the framers of the Constitution
had supposed that in granting the power to the
General Government " to dispose of, and make
needful rules and regulations, respecting the ter-
ritory and other property of the United States,"
they conferred the power to establish in such
Territory political governments, endowed with
the sovereign power to define what is and what
is not property, then they would have stultified
themselves by the additional grant of power to
" admit new States." The Territories would be
States at once, and with, perhaps, great advant-
ages over the other States. The power "to
make needful rules," &c., has from the first been
stretched so far as to authorize each Territory
to send a Delegate to the House of Represent-
atives. What obstacle is there, then, but the
mere will of Congress, to sending one also to the
Senate—nay, two—and to the House as many as
the different political and other interests of the
different sections of a Territory might be sup-
posed to require? Thus they would have ample
opportunity to attend to all their wants here, and
share in all the honors of the Government except
the very highest, while their government, in all
its branches, would be carried on at the cost of the
General Government, and they would be pro-
tected by the arm of the United States. More
than this: as the Federal Constitution does not
authorize Congress to define property, if the defi-
nition given to it by each sovereign State is not
to prevail in the Territories, then, if they can ex-
clude or confiscate one kind of property, they can
exclude or confiscate any kind of property. Thus
the coal and iron of Pennsylvania, the cotton and
woolen manufactures of New England, the grain
and provisions of the Northwest, in short, the
staples and manufactures, and even shipping of
every section, might be declared not to be prop-
erty in a Territory, and as the major includes the
minor proposition, might be confiscated or heav-
ily taxed. And if it is agreed that the Territories
shall not be bound to consider as property what
the sovereign States, or any one of them, declares
to be property, then much less will the States
