3156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
Princeton. The Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, 1 am free to confess, liad their attention
called to this clause in the bill; anil we at one time
proposed tliat the bill, as it came from the House,
should be amended in that lespect; but upon a
reconsideration, the committee were unanimously
of the opinion that, if that alteration were to be
made, the resolution would be lost for want of
time, and that .if it were to pass in its present
shape, it still will be referred to the Secretary of
the Treasury, who would look into the matter,
or his officers would look into and settle the ac-
counts according to law, or according to what is
riglit and proper. Under these circumstances,
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims unani-
mously agreed to report the bill in this shape,
believing that no injustice will be done to the
Government by its being reported, or by its pass-
ing both Houses in that form. It is for that rea-
son I would ask the Senator from New York to
withdraw his amendment,believing that no injus-
tice or wrong will happen to the Government of
the United States on accountof this claim for fifty
pounds; for if not due, it would not be allowed.
There is no imperative demand or requirement
on the part of the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury.
Mr. KING. A resolution of this kind, as I
understand it, Mr. President, is an instruction to
the officer to allow for whatever damages there
may be shown, by fair testimony presented to
him, were incurred. It directs that to be done.
It is not in this cane that the amount is such as
to create any ejetit objection to it 
Mr. TEN EYCK. The accounting officers are
to pay if they find it due.
Mr. KING. The resolution is understood and
so construed by the officer, and so understood
here to be an instruction to him. He would un-
doubtedly allow whatever damages there might
be shown to be due by affidavits at this late day,
when, of course, the facts must be obscure, rest-
ing on the memory of very old persons, or in mere
tradition as to what these damages are. It is to
the principle that I object, and not to this amount.
As 1 said, the amount involved in this ease is of
very little consequence; and it is for that reason
that we had belter not now institute a new prac-
tice in this respect. We have not been in the habit
of doing it, except upon the full proof presented
to Congress. If that portion be stricken out, 1
would have no objection to the resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from New York.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended; and the amendment was concurred
in, and ordered to be engrossed, and the resolu-
tion to be read a third time. It was read the third
time.
On the passage of the resolution, there were on
a division—ayes fourteen.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A majority of
a quorum not voting in favoi of its pas.sage, the
resolution is lost.
Mr. BINGHAM. I demand a count on the
other side. Let us see whether there is a quorum
here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A majority of
a quorum has not voted.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I ask a count on the other
side. I do not want the resolution lost.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
count the other side; but it will make no differ-
ence manifestly.
The question being put, there were twelve Sen-
ators voted in the negative—no quorum voting.
EVENTS IN ITALY.
Mr. POWELL. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its immediate consideration:
Resolved, That the President he requested to communi-
cate to the tienute, if not incompatible with the public
interest, copies ot such portions ot the (It-patches of the
Minister at Turin as relate to the occurietiee ot leeent
events in Italy.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object. There is not a quo-
rum present,
THE TAKXJfF BILL.
Mr. BIGLER. I desire to give notice that I
shall, to-morrow, at twelve o'clock,orabout that
hour, if I can get the floor, move that the Senate
proceed to consider the motion made by the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, [Mr. Powell,] to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill (H. R. No. 338)
providing for an increase of the tariff was post-
poned until thesecondMondayof Decembernext.
I desire to give this notice in order that Senators
may know that the question will come up, and
be present.
^ COMMITTEE CLERIC.
Mr. WILSON. I ask leave to introduce a res-
olution. 1 do notask its consideration now:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia may hereafter have a clerk, with the same annual
compensation as the clerk of the Committee on Finance,
Claims, or Printing,
Mr. TOOMBS. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolution
will lie over.
RED RIVER RAFT.
Mr. BIGLER. I am under the impression that
there is a quorum present; and in order that that
question may be fully tested, as I have promised
to call up a joint resolution which 1 have in my
hand, I move that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of the joint resolution of the House
(No. 43) giving the assent of Congress to certain
acts passed or to be passed by the Legislatures
of the Statesof Arkansas, Louisiana, and Texas,
or any two of them, in relation to the " raft" of
Red river, and for other purposes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves to take up for consid-
eration the House joint resolution No. 43. it re-
quires unanimousconsent to entertain the motion,
tliero being another matternow before the Senate.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I am aware that my col-
league, who is now absent, takes a paiticular in-
terest in that resolution, and 1 am not so sure but
he would oppose it, if here. I will theiefore take
this fotm of ai resting it, by objecting to its con-
sideiation at tins lime.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection be-
ing made, the resolution cannot be considered at
this time.
ELIZA A. MERCHANT.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up House bill
No. 436.
Mr. MALLORY. What is it?
Mr. WILSON. It is a bill for the relief of the
widow of an officer of the United States. It is a
small matter, and I should like to have it acted
on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves to take up the House
bill indicated by him. Is the motion objected
to ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Let it bo read for infoima-
tion.
Mr. KING. I inquire whether the motion of
the Senator from New Jersey is not before the
Senate yet. undisposed of; or whether, when wc
set a quorum, that will not be the business before
the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
has just suited, ju reply to every motion that lias
been math4, that it requires the unanimous consent
of the Senate to entertain any motion, there being
already business before the Senate.
Mr. WILSON". I ask unanimous consent to
take up this bill. I should like to have it acted
upon.
Mr. TOOMBS. Let it be read for informa-
tion. 1 do not know what it is.
The Secretary read the bill (H. R. No. 430)
for the relief of Mrs. Eliza A. Merchant, widow
of the late First Lieutenant and Brevet Captain
G. Merchant, of the United States Army. It
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place the
the name of Eliza A. Merchant on the pension
list, at the rate of fifteen dollars per month, to
commence on the 4th day of Mai eh, 1860, and
continue during her life.
The Committee on Pensions reported the bill
with an amendment to strike out fifteen dollars,
and insert twenty-five dollars, and also to strike
out the word " life" and insert " widowhood.''
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 object. I shall object to
every pension.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, Objection be-
ing made, the motion cannot be entertained.
PRINTING OP A BILL.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the unanimousconsent
of the Senate to submit a motion that will aid us
in business. The Committee on Commerce had
referred to it a bill (H. R. No. 114) to provide for
the safety of passengers in vessels propelled in
whole or in part by steam. They have examined
that subject partially, and it is a very important
subject; so important that they came to the con-
clusion that they were not prepared to act defi-
nitely upon it at this session. The navigating
interests are very much interested in thatbill; and
as it is proposed to let it go over until the next
session, I now move that the ordinary numbers
of the bill be printed, so that the Senate can know
what the bill is.
Mr. TOOMBS. What is the bill ?
Mr. HAMLIN. The steamboat bill which has
been before the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. GREEN. Let the motion go to the Com-
mittee on Printing. *
Mr. HAMLIN. I only propose to print the
usual number.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope it will be printed, for
it is a very important bill, and I think the worst
one I ever saw. I think the printing of it will do
good.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair hears
no objection to the consideration of the motion.
The motion was agreed to.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had insisted upon its disagreement to the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
339) making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1861,
insisted on by the Senate; had disagieed to the
amendment of the Senate to the amendment of
the House to the seventh amendment of the Sen-
ate to the said bill; had agreed to the conference
asked by the Senate on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
Justin S. Morrill of Vermont, Mr. John S.
Phelps of Missouri,and Mr. William A. How-
ard of Michigan, managers at the same on the
part of the House.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message further announced that the House
insisted upon its disagreement to the amendments
of the Seiurte to the bill (II. R. No. 501) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of June,
1861, insisted on by the Senate, and upon its
amendments to other amendments of the Senate
to the said bill, disagreed to by the Senate; had
agreed to the conference asked by the Senate on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses theieon;
and had appointed Mr. John Sherman of Ohio,
Mr. Geoiige W. Hughes of Alary land, and Mr.
John A. Bingham of Ohio, managers at the same
on the part of the House.
NAVY APPROPRIATION RILL.
The message further announced that the House
had concurred in some, and disagreed to other,
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
500) making appropriations for the naval service
foi the year ending the 30ih of June, 1861, and
had concurred in the sixth amendment of the
Senate, with an amendment; in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 100) for
the ielicf of Samuel H. Taylor.
SAMUEL HAMILTON.
Mr. BIGLER. The bill of the House of Rep-
resentative s No. 463, has been fully examined by
the Committee on Pensions, and 1 ask that the
Senate, by unanimous consent, proceed to its con-
sultation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
fiom Pennsylvania asks unanimous consent to
consider the bill indicated by him at this time. Is
it objected to ?
Mr. GREEN. Let it be read, for information.
The Secretary read the bill, which directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Samuel Hamilton on the invalid pension roll at
eight dollais a month, to commence on the 1st of
January, I860, and to continue during his natural
life.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection be-
ing made, the bill must be laid aside.
