1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m
themselves be bound to respect it; and tliat agreed
on, "more perfect union of those States will
subside into a condition not at all better than that
of the old Confederacy, if, in fact, so good.
I will not pursue the subject further. The Sen-
ate is weary of it, the country is weary of it, and
I, myself, am so weary of it that I have not lis-
tened or read, when it was the topic, for months.
I have presented it now briefly, and in only one
point of view; and even that I do not fully carry
out. I have said enough, and probably nothing
not familiar to every one who has heard all that
has been said here, which I have not. In every
aspect of this new doctrine—and there are many I
have not touched—it has appeared to me an ille-
gitimate and dangerous excrescence on our repub-
lican system—the offspring of an unsound, morbid,
and licentious spirit of mobocracy, well calculated
—in fact, if successfully persisted in, sure—to
destroy the genuine spirit of our political institu-
tions.
It was not my intention to have intruded upon
the Senate any remarks upon the subject; but the
Senator from Illinois, in his speech the other day,
made some allusions to my State which I thought
should be corrected. He asked not to be inter-
rupted, and afterwards promised to make the cor-
rections in the report of his speech. I do not
doubt that lie has done so; but what he said has
- gone forth from the reporters, and cannot be cor-
rected fully by any omissions in his speech. On
this account I felt bound to make the corrections
myself; and the other remarks I have made oc-
curred to mo.
When South Carolina voted for General Cass,
in 1848, after his celebrated letter to Judge Nich-
olson, she put upon that letter the interpretation
then universal in the South, that he meant to say
that a Territory, when it came to frame a consti-
tution, and ask admission as a State, might de-
clare what should be property within its limits.
We did not intend to vote to sustain squatter
sovereignty.
The compromise measures of 1850, which the
Senator says contained this doctrine, had not a
friend, so far as I know, in South Carolina. The
proposition t^ere was that the State should secede
in consequence of them. The issue made was
whether the State should secede alone, or refuse
to do so without the cooperation of one or more
other States. Mr. Rhett, who took his scat m the
Senate some months after the passage of those
measures, led the party in favor of a separate se-
cession of the State. He was defeated, not by
those in favor of the compromise measures or of
squattersovereignty, which neverhad the slightest
foothold in South Carolina, but by the coopera-
tiomsts, who would not go out of the Union with-
out a single State approving and sustaining.
The Kansas and Nebraska act. of which the
Senator claims to be the author, and I believe was,
met the approbation of South Carolina; but it
was interpreted in the same way as the Nichol-
son letter. So far, therefore, as South Carolina
has acted, she has not done the least thing to sup-
port these new doctrines in regard to sovereignty;
and I think I can assure the Senator from Illinois
she never will.
Mr. PUGH. I desire to say a few words in
reference to these lesolutions. I shall vote for all
of them except the fourth and the sixth, and would
vote with pleasure for some propositions contained
in those, if I could do so without voting for other
propositions, which I consider objectionable. The
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] gave us to
understand, on Thursday last, that a majority of
Senators representing the Democratic party had
agreed upon what should be done;so that it would
be idle for me to suggest any amendment, or mod-
ification, or compromise, even if that were—as, in
present circumstances, it is not—consistent with
my sense of self-respect.
I shall not inquire the object of urging such
resolutions upon the attention of the Senate and
the country at tins time. The Democratic party,
in general convention at Charleston, has adopted
its platform; and some fifty delegates, elected to
that convention from the States of Alabama, Mis-
sissippi, Louisiana, Texas, Arkansas, Florida,
South Carolina, Georgia, and Delaware, saw fit,
thereupon, to retire from its deliberations, and,
constituting themselves a separate political organ-
ization, to adopt another platform, more satisfac-
tory to themselves. The Constitutional Union
or American party has convened its delegates at
Baltimore, and the self-styled Republican party at
Chicago. Both have declared their opinions to the
country, as well as proposed their candidates, I
see no necessity for additional platforms; but that
is a matter of taste, in respect to which other gen
tlemen seem to entertain a different opinion.
Much has been said by the Senator from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Davis] ana the Senator from Lou-
isiana, [Mr. Benjamin,] as to the course pursued
by a majority of the delegates in the Democratic
convention at Charleston. I shall not now reply
to their observations; conceiving it my privilege,
as one of that majority, to answer for myself to
those who elected me, rather than to gentlemen
by whom I was not elected, and to whom, con-
sequently, I am under no terms of obedience.
Mr. President, in voting for the third resolu-
tion, I mean to say that the Federal Government
is the agent in common of all the States, and their
agent in equal degree; that it has no authority to
restrain or embarrass emigration into the Terri-
tories, by any citizen of any State with his prop-
erty of every description, recognized as such by
laws of the State whence he emigrates; and that,
in no manner whatsoever, by no kind of discrim-
ination, can it give to one form of property an
advantage over others. I except, of course, copy-
rights and rights by patent for useful inventions,
(because these arc specially confided to the care
of the Federal Government,) as well as property
in a fugitive slave. 1 except, on the other hand,
the authority of Congress to prevent the import-
ation of slaves from Africa and foreign parts.
In voting for the fifth resolution, I mean to say
that whatever power of legislation has been del-
egated to Congress by the terms of the Federal
Constitution, ought to be faithfully exerted from
time to time, as occasion shall require, for the as-
surance and protection, in equal degree, of all
riglits or forms of property, and all rights of per-
son, as well within the Territories as elsewhere.
I propose to abdicate nothing which the Consti-
tution has made it the duty of Congress to retain.
In voting against the fourth resolution, [ do not
mean to limit any of the propositions just an-
nounced, nor to affirm that a Territorial Legisla-
ture can destroy or impair any vested right of
property, (whether in the services of a slave or in
any other form,) without making such compensa-
tion as the Constitution of the United States has
prescribed. And I agree, frankly, that if a Ter-
ritorial Legislature be the mere agent of Con-
gress—exercising its powers by substitution for
Congress only—it cannot, even by a prospective
law, forbid the introduction of slaves, or of any
other kind of property from the States; but I do
not sec where Congress obtains the power of cre-
ating any such agent, nor understand how the
authority of Congress and the authority of a Ter-
ritorial Legislature can be treated as identical. It
is absurd, in my opinion, to say that this question
was decided, or argued, or involved, or, 111 any
sense, affected by the case of Dred Scott; and I
consider the attempt lately made to compel Dem-
ocrats into a surrender of their individual convic-
tions in that regard, in advance of any judicial
determination, as a mere experiment whether
menace can be employed successfully when ar-
gument has failed.
The sixth resolution exceeds, I fear, so humble
a comprehension as mine. If it means to assert
that the people of a State applying for admission
into the Union, have the same right to prohibit
slavery, or maintain slavery, as the people of a
State already admitted, it is quite unobjectiona-
ble. But in what proper sense we can speak of
"the inhabitants of a Territory" as forming a
State constitution, 1 am unable to imagine,unless,
indeed, reference be made to the Topeka consti-
tution of Kansas, or the constitution lately or-
dained at Pike's Peak. I incline to the opinion,
however, that this resolution is for the especial
benefit of Mr. Buchanan; and, in order that by
some transmutation of words, ordinarily too plain
to bo misunderstood, or even misapplied, that gen-
tleman may ascertain the true version of his letter
accepting the Cincinnati nomination. At all
events, it cannot, without a radical amendment,
receive my vote.
Mr. HALE obtained the floor.
Mr. BROWN. 1 ask the Senator from New
Hampshire to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr.BROWN. 1 dasirc only to say a few,words.
At the conclusion of the speech of the Senator
from Georgia he made an allusion to me, to which
I feel it necessary and proper that I should make
a response promptly. I should have done it at
the moment, but it chanced that I was out of the
Senate. Of course, not having heard the speech,
I am not going to rep'ly to it; but, I understand
m general terms, that the Senator assumed from
a declaration made some twelve or thirteen months
ago, by the Senator from Illinois, that I had ad-
mitted the power, and thereby the right of aTer-
ritorialLegislature to exclude slavery. Nowhere
in any record of mine will any such thing be
found. I admitted that the people of a Territory,
by non-action or unfriendly legislation might, as
a mere question of power, exclude slavery, but
not as a matterof right; and in the same debate,
unless my memory is wonderfully treacherous, I
used this illustration—a strong man has the power
to overcome a weak man, but no right to do it.
The Senator from Illinois had assumed in the
debate that a Territorial Legislature might right-
fully, by non-action and unfriendly action, ex-
clude slavery. I said, drop the word rightfully,
and I will agree with him that they have the power
to do it, but they do it wrongfully; therefore, we
differ radically; we differ essentially. The thing
may be done,butinstead of being rightfully done,
it is wrongfully done. That has been my posi-
tion from the commencement of the controversy
down to the present hour. If either the Senator
from Illinois or the Senator from Georgia has
understood me otherwise, he has misunderstood
mo. I am sure, without having examined the
record, that there is no line, word, or syllable, that
has ever fallen from my lips which shows a dif-
ferent position occupied by me. Not having had
the good fortune to hear the Senator from Geor-
gia, of course 1 am not prepared to reply to what
he said; but I think it due to myself to say this
much, that it may go out with this day's debate.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 only quoted the Senator from
Mississippi so far as he was quoted by the Sen-
ator from Illinois. Whether he is properly quoted
or not, Idonotknow. The Senator from Illinois
said that lie conceded it. I read what he said. I
never read the speech of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi; but I did say, if he conceded what the
Senator from Illinois said he conceded, he con-
ceded himself out of court.
Mr. BROWN. I grant it. I agree if I had con-
ceded that the people of a Territory might right-
fully exclude slavery,then Iwouldbeoutofcourt;
but I admitted ho such thing. I simply admitted
the question of power, not the question of right.
Mr. HALE. Nothing was further from my
intention, Mr. President, than to say a word on
these resolutions when they were introduced; and f
during the discussion I did not expect to say a
word; and I shall have butvery little to say now.
The discussion thus far, if it may be called a dis-
cussion , has been all on one side. I shall not
trouble myself with that phase of the discussion
which tends to argue which is the regular and
which the irregular Democratic party. I feel no
great interest 111 the proceedings at Charleston,
except as a mere matterof history. I do notknow
whether the speeders or the receders, those that
went out or those that staid behind, are the reg-
ular ones—and I do not care. I do not think it
is of any consequence to the country; but, if my
friends that staid behind will listen to me, I think
I can give them a lesson from experience. I tell
them that the southern wing has been the Dem-
ocratic party ever since I have known anything
about its history, and it will still be. They have
always been the party, and (hey always will be
the party. No matter whether they are the ma-
jority or the minority, they will control the party.
There is no doubt about that. Any attempt to
take the scepter out of their hands, if it is suc-
cessful, will place it m the hands of the Repub-
lican party. There will be 110 secession of that
sort that will amount to anything. They may
talk loud, and they may be in a minority or a ma-
jority, but they will give up; and the Democratic
party, as long as it lasts, will be what it has been
—a southern party. That is only a matter of
opinion; and 1 do not find it referred to in any
one of these seven resolutions. [Laughter.]
1 have felt verylittleintercstin these resolutions,
because it is not, in my opinion, the appropriate
province of the Senate to enunciate, like the great
