250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 26,
thirds of the several States, shall call a convention forpro-
posing amendments, which, in either case, shall be valid to
all intents and purposes, as a part of the Constitution, when
ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths of the several
States, or by conventions m three fourths thereof, as the
one or the other mode of ratification may be proposed by the
Congress: Provided, that no amendment which may be made
prior to the year 1808 shall, in any manner, ajf cct the first and
fourth clauses in the ninth section of the first article; and that
no State, without its consent, shall be deprived of its equal
suffrage in the Senate."
Here, sir, is the privilege to import up to the
year 1808, broadly conccded—and for a consider-
ation, as Mr. Madison tells you. The Constitu-
tion itself, quo ad hoc, should not be disturbed till jj
after that period. Does this look like our fore-
fathers expected that slavery would speedily end ? i
I ask gentlemen how itis possible that they can
be within the pale of their constitutional duties
when they undertake to agitate and nullify these
provisions. Ygu had not only no power to pre-
vent importation up to 1808, but you had no power
to amend the Constitution on that point, or in
regard to the suffrages of States in the Senate. I
ask you, gentlemen, if this is not one of the clear-
est obligations ? I ask you if, as parties to that
compact, you do not see that good faith, honor-
able sentiment, and manly bearing, demand your
•hearty cooperation in the preservation of that in-
stitution, and not in its destruction ?
Now, in regard to this fugitive slave feature of
the Constitution. I shall, even at the expense of
boring the House, trouble them to hear the sen-
timents of those who have preceded them. This
feature was put into the Constitution, and was,
perhaps, the only one that made a perfect nation-
ality of the whole American Union.
That clause was inserted in the Constitution for
the purpose of giving to the slaveholder the same
,, power for the reclamation of his slave in all the
States that he possessed within his own State. I
repeat, and I wish gentlemen to remember it, that
when a slave escapes—in Virginia, for instance—
his owner has a right to claim him in any county
within the broad limits of the Old Dominion. This
clause of the Constitution was designed to give
the master whose servant had escaped the same
power within the limits of the Union that he had
within the limits of his own State. I ask the Rep-
resentatives from New Hampshire, from Massa-
chusetts, from Connecticut, whether their States
did not give their sanction to these slavery fea-
tures? I ask them, whether their States did not
agree by their solemn bond, which they entered
into with their sister States, faithfully to observe
the compacts contained therein? I ask them, if
they admit that—and they cannot deny it—how
they can unite in a policy which repudiates the
obligation to which 1 have referred, and seek to
defeat the sanctity of the protection which was
bought from their representatives by the repre-
sentatives of other States? Have you not re-
ceived in full the enormous advantage of power
over commerce and navigation ? But, apart from
all that, here is an obligation, here is a solemn
stipulation, gentlemen, which you solemnly en-
tered into, or your ancestors did, against which
all the representatives of the State I in part rep-
resent voted, and will you faithfully, honestly,
uprightly respect and maintain it?
Well, after the Constitution went into operation,
the Congress of the United States were called
upon to pass the act of 1793, the object of winch
was to provide by law for the enforcement of that
clause of the Constitution which secures to the
master the right to reclaim his slave. And, sir,
why was it passed ? To redeem the obligations
of the Constitution. And it is a little remarkable,
I state it as a fact, mentioned a few days ago by
the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Curtis,] that the
very first case that ever occurred under the fugi-
tive slave act of 1793, wtts that of General "vV ash-
ington himself. It is a curious fact that General
Washington, in 1796, had a slave woman who
left the service of his wife and went into New
England. He, in a letter to Mr. Whipple, of one
of tne New England States, I do not know which,
asked for her restoration under the law of 1793.
Was his woman restored to him? Did he, the
Father of his Country, the man who approved
this act, obtain its benefit? He wrote to Mr.
Whipple, stating the fact of the escape, and claim-
ing the benefit of the law; but at the same time,
while he asked for the return of the woman, said
if there was to be a fuss about it, let them keep
her. And what think you, gentlemen of the
House of Representatives, was the result? Her |
restoration was refused,andGeneral Washington j
lost her. _ I
This, sir, was the way in which New England,
even at this early day, vindicated her plighted
faith, and fulfilled her obligations. Yes, she de-
nied to the Father of his Country his constitu-
tional rights.
But, sir, the first case that came up judicially
connected with the exposition of this subject, oc-
curred in the case of Prigg vs. the Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania; and I shall be pardoned, I am
sure, for calling attention to some features oi that
ease. It was in 1842. It was a case of the first
impression. It happened that two distinguished
gentlemen were on the bench from the non-s'ave-
iiolding States, atid the opinion of the court was
unanimous. Mr. Justice Story, one of the most j
able and distinguished lawyers of that day, was j
the gentleman selected to deliver the opinion of |
the court. On that occasion, Mr. Justice McLean ;
was also upon the bench, and although he differed
in some particulars, yethe concurred, in the main,
• in the general doctrines. We have a striking illus-
tration of the estimate in which Mr. Justice Story
was held by one of his colleagues, equally if not
more conspicuous. It is represented that Chief
Justice Marshall, who was for so long a time the
president of the court, was in the habit of taking
up the record of the case under consideration, and,
looking closely into its merits, make up his opinion.
Submitting his views to his associates, if approved
by them, it is said his habit was to say, "Well,
brother Story, be good enough to hunt up the au-
thorities." Such was the high estimate in which
he was held for his learning. Mr. Justice Story,
on this occasion, delivered the opinion of the court,
in the case of Prigg vs. the State of Pennsylvania.
In the consideration of the case, the constitution-
ality of the act of 1793 was involved. I ask the
Clerk to read from the opinion of the court, the
passages I have marked.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Few questions which have ever come befote this court
involve moie delicate and important considerations; and
few upon which the public at large may bo presumed to
feel a more piot'ound and pervading interest. Wo have ac-
cordingly given them our most deliberate examination; and
it lias become my duty to state the result to which we have
auived. and the reasoning by winch it is supplied.'"
*'**•*•* * + A k *
u The la>t clause is that the true interpretation whereof
is dnecllv m judgment before us. Iiistoiieally, it is well
known, that the object of this clause was to secure to the
citizens of the -davoholding States the complete right and
title of owneiship in their slaves, as propeity, in every
State in the Union into which they might escape from the
£tate where they were hold in servitude. Thu full recog-
nition of this right and title was indispensable to the_secur-
ityof this species of propenyin all the slaveholding States;
and, indeed, was so vital to the preseivation of their do-
mestic interests and institution* tb.it it cannot be doubted
j that it constituted a fundamental article, without the adop-
tion of which the Union could not have been formed. It*
Hue deMgn wa-> to guaid against the doetriiios and piiiu-i-
! pjfs prevalent in the non-slaveholding States, bv pi eventing
! them fiom mteimeddling u ilh or obstiucting or abolishing
I the rights oi the owners'of slaves.
' " By the general law of nations, no nation is bound to
i recognize the state of slavery, as to foicign slaves found
; within its territorial dominions, when it is 111 opposition to
, its own policy and institutions, in favor of the subject-3 of
i other nations' wheie claveiy is recognized. If it does it, it
i is as a matter of comity, and not as a matter of international
: ■ light. The state of slavery is deemed to be a mere muni-
I cipal regulation, founded upon and limited to the tango of
II the terntoiial laws. This was fully recognized m Somcr-
! | set's case, Lolft's Rep. 1; S. 0., 11; State Trials by Harg.
!'; 340; S. C.,20 Howell's State TuaN, 79 ; which was dc-
< cided before the American Revolution, it is manifest fiom
I i this consideration that, if the Constitution had not contained
i this clause, every non-slavcholdmg State in the Union
| would have been at liberty to have declared free all lim-
| away slaves coining within its limits, and to have given them
] entire immunity and protection against the claims of their
I mastoid ; a course which would have created the most bit-
' I tor annnopities and engendered perpetual strife between the
■1 diffeient States. The clause was, therefore, of the last un-
; portance to the safety and socunty of the southern States;
|! and could not have been ,-uuendcrod by them without cn-
• ' dangering then whole piopeity in slave*. The clause was
:: aecoidingly adopted into the Constitution by the nnaiii-
! - mous consent of the frameis of it; a ptoof at once of its in-
II music and practical necessity ?
"How, then, are we to interpret the lamruage of~rhc
'! clause ? Tlr tfue answer is, in such a manner as, eonsist-
:! ently with the words shall fully and completely effectuate
i, the whole objects of it. If by one mode of interpretation
;i the right must become shadowy and unsubstantial, and
11 without any remedial power adequate to the end; and by
| • another mode it will attain its just end and secure its inan-
ifest purposp ; it would seem, upon principles, of reasoning,
!1 absolutely irresistible, that the latter ought to' prevail. No
j' couit of justice can be authoiized so to construe any clause
! j of the Con-Utution as to defeat its obvious end1?, when an-
'! other con-truction, equally accordant with the words and
i ..ens-e thereof, will enfoice and protect them.
"The clause manifestly contemplates the existence of a
positive, unqualified right on the part of the owner of the
slave, which no State law oi regulation can in any way
qualify, regulate, control, or rcstiam. The slave is not to
be discharged from service or labor in consequence of any
State law or regulation. Now, certainly, without indulging
in any nicety of criticism upon words, it may taiily and
reasonably be said that any State law or State regulation
which interrupts, limits, delays, or postpones the right of
the owner to the immediate possession of the slave, and the
immediate command of his service and labor, operates,pro
lanto, a discharge of the  lavc therefrom. The question can
never be, how much the slave is dischaiged from; but
whether he is discharged from any, by the natural or neces-
sary operation of State laws or State regulations. The
question is not one of quantity or degree, but of withhold-
ing or controlling the incidents of a positive and absolute
right.
"We have said that the clause contains a positive and
unqualified recognition of the i ight of the owner in the slave,
unaffected by any State law or regulation whatsoever, be-
cause there is no qualification orrestriction of it to be found
therein; and we have no right to insert any which is not
expressed and cannot be fairly implied; especially are vvc
, estopped from so doing when the clause puts the right to
the scivice or labor upon the same ground and to the same
1 extent m every other State as m the State from which the
! slave escaped and in which he was held to the service or
I labor. If this be so, then all the incidents to that right at-
! tach also ; the owner must, therefore, have the right to
] seize and repossess the slave, which the local laws of his
I own State confer upon him as property; and we all know
1 that this right of seizure and recaption is universally ac-
' knowledged in all the slaveholding States. Indeed, this is
• no more than a mere affirmance of the principle^ of the
common law applicable to this very subject. Mr. Justice
Blackstone (3 Bl. Com., 4) lays it down as unquestionable
! doctrine. 1 Recaption or reprisal (says he) is another spe-
l cies of remedy by the mere act of the party injured. 1 his
1 happens when any one hath deprived another of his prop-
] eriyin goods or chattels personal, or wrongfully detains
I one's wife, child, or servant; in which case the owner of
! the goods, and the iiusband, parent, or master may lawfully
I claun and retake them, wherevei he happens to find them,
1 so it be not in a riotous manner, or attended with a breach
1 of the peace.' Upon this ground we have not the slightest .
; hesitation in holding that, under and in viituc of the Con-
i stitution, the owner of a slave is clothed with entire author-
• ity, in every State in the Union, to seize and recapture his
! slave, whenevei he can do it without a bieach of the peace
I or any illegal violence. In this sense and to this extent this
clause of the Constitution may properly be said to execute
, itself, and to requne no aid from legislation, State or na-
j tionai."
! Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I now ask the Clerk
to read, as marked, from the opinion of Mr. Jus-
tice McLean in the same case.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"That the Constitution was adopted in a spiiit of com-
piomi.-e, is matter of history. And all experience shows
' that to attain the great objects of this fundamental law, it
must be construed and enforced in a spirit of enlightened
forbearance and justice. Without adveiting to other con-
flicting views and interests of the States represented in the
general convention, the subject of slavery was then, as it
is now, a most delicate and absorbing consideration. In
some of the States it was considered an evil, and a strong
opposition to it, in all its forms, was felt and expressed. In
others it was viewed as a cherished right, incorporated into
the social compact, and sacredly guarded by law.
" Opinions so conflicting, and which so deeply pervaded
' The elements of society, could bo brought to a reconciled
action only by an exercise of exalted patriotism. Foitu-
nately for the'country, this patriotism was not wanting in
the convention and in the St.Uo. The dangei of discord
and rum was seen and felt and acknowledged; and this
led to tlie formation of the Confedeiaey. The Constitution,
; as it is, cannot be said to have embodied, in all its parts, the
peculiar views of any great section of the Union ; but it
was adopted by a wise and far-reaching conviction that it
was the best which, under the circumstances, could he de-
vised ; and that its imperfections would be lost sight of, if
not forgotten, in the national prosperity and glory which it
would secure.
A law is better understood by a knowledge ol the evils
which led to its adoption. And this applies most strongly
to a fundamental law.
'• At an early period of our history, slavery existed in all
; the colonies ; and fugitives from laboi were claimed and
1 delivered up under a spirit of comity or conventional law
among tlie colonies. The Articles of Confederation con-
tained no provision on the subject, and there can be no
doubt that the provision introduced into the Constitution
was the result of experience and manifest necessity. A
matter so delicate, important, and exciting, was very prop-
erly introduced into the organic law." *" ' *
" It was designed to protect the lights of the master, and
against whom ' Not against the State, nor tile people of
the State, in which he resides; but against the people and
the legislative action of other States where the fugitive from
labor might be found. Under the Confederation, tlie master
had no le^al means of enforcing his rights in a State opposed
' to slavery. A disregard of rights thus asserted was deeply
i felt in the South. It produced gi eat excitement, and would
have led to results destructive of the Umom To avoid this,
j the constitutional guarantee was essential.'
1 Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have adverted to
that authority for the reason that it was the first
elaborate judicial construction of this constitu-
tional provision. On that occasion, gentlemen,
this important case engaged the most solemn con-
sideration of the highest judicial tribunal of the
country—a tribunal at that time enjoying the rev-
| erence of all the people of the land: it will be seen
