1270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
the Senate shows that more than half the amount of the
claims presented were thus finally disposed ot by the judges
—thus making the decision of tbejudgesagauisi claimants
final and conclusive, whatever may have been the effect of
decisions in their favor.' .
"Judge Iieid's reasons for allowing interest by way of
damages, as reported to the Secretary of the Treasury, are
as follows:
" •' I am required by the statute to receive, examine, and
adjudge these claims for losses. In performing this duty, I
have allowed, because it seemed justand equitable to allow
it, interest upon the amount or value of the property ascer-
tained to have been lost. The rate of interest existing in
the provinceatthattime (1812and 1813) was five per cent.,
and this Is the sura allowed in all eases. I am sensible that
this allowance will swell considerably the amount to be
paid to the claimants, but 1 do not perceive how it could
be avoided. If we lose sight of the national character of
one of the parties, and suppose two private persons engaged
in a dispute about an injury to property, the tribunal to
which resort is had, in adjusting the damages due by the
one to the other, will consider the value of the property
destroyed, in connection with the time for which the owner
has been deprived of the use and enjoyment of his property.
The first being ascertained m money, a compensation for
the last may best be regulated by ieverting to the late of
interest allowed by the law of the country where the wrong
was done.'—Report of Court of Claims in Robert Harrison's
case, p. 78.
"When these claims reachcd the Treasury, they weic
subjected to the same scrutiny as claims which had never
been adjudicated. (Report of Court of Claims in Robeit
Harrison's case, pp. 34, 35, 36, and 37.) The Secretaries)
claimed the right to go fully into the merits of the claims
upon the evidence reported, and called upon the judge for
further evidence whenever they entertained a doubt. In
regard to the damages decreed for the loss of the use and
fruits of the property, it was rejected, in all instances, under
the mere usage of the Treasury Department in reference to
domestic pecuniary demands, without any leferencc to the
treaty or the law ofnations."
The preliminary question, and one which has
been often raised ana much debated, is, whether
the injuries, so called, resulting from the opera-
tions of the American forces in East Florida, in
1812 and 1813, are, or arc not, embraced within
the provisions of the ninth article of the treaty.
The last clause of that article is in these words:
"The United States will cause satisfaction to be made
for the injuries, if any, which, by process of law, shall be
established to have been sufleicd by the Spanish ofliccis
and individual Spanish inhabitants by the late opeiations
of the American army in Florida."
Although I regard this question as having long
Bince been foreclosed by the direct affirmative ac-
tion of the Government itself in its repeated and
positive recognition of these injuries as being
within the terms of the treaty—first, by clear im-
plication in the act of 1823; and again, by express
provision for their adjudication and payment in
the act of 1834—yet, if it were now to be consid-
ered as an open question, it is difficult to conceive
how a serious doubt can be entertained, upon in-
vestigation, that the injuries of 1812 and 1813 arc
within the stipulations of the treaty. The ques-
tion has been raised by a criticism upon the word
" late," in the ninth article. It has been gravely
urged that the word, as applied to the expression,
" operations of the American army," has refer-
ence solely to the latest, or last, operations of the
American army in Florida; which, in point of
fact, were in 1818, under the invasion of, or entry
into, Florida by General Jackson, at that time;
and that it limits and restricts this provision of
the article to the injuries resulting from that in-
vasion alone.
Sir, it is hardly possible to conceive that the
negotiators between the two Governments, in their
attempt to settle all matters of difference between
them, should have confined themselves to so par-
tial and imperfect a view of the grave subjects be-
fore them as to have omitted all reference what-
ever to so grave and serious a cause of complaint
on the part of Spain as the invasion of her prov-
ince of Florida by the American forces in 1812,
and especially when it is known that it was a mat-
ter of earnest care and consideration with them to
provide mutual indemnities for all injuries on either
side. Besides, sir, it is to be remembered that the
invasions of 1814 and of 1818, under General
Jackson, in pursuit of British emissaries and hos-
tile Indians, were rapid, of short duration, and
accompanied with comparatively little injury to
the inhabitants. It is to be remembered, too, that
these incursions into West Florida by General
Jackson were always defended by our Govern-
ment as justifiable from the circumstances and ne-
cessities of the case, by the law of nations; while
on the other hand, the.'American forces under the
commission of General Matthews, in 1812, took
forcible possession of all the habitable portion of
East Florida, except St. Augustine, and-held it
for the period of fourteen months, committing,
according to most accounts, the most wanton out-
rages upon the inhabitants; driving them from
their homes, burning their dwellings, seizing their
horses and cattle, destroying their crops, and
leaving the country a literal waste; and so far
from justifying these outrages, this Government
promptly disavowad them, recalled General Mat-
thews, and dismissed him from the service. It
has always been admitted, also,«by our Govern-
ment that the seizure and possession of that prov-
ince by our troops, although done under the au-
thority of a secret resolution of Congress, and
intendedtobeapeacefuloccupation so farasprac-
ticable,with the view to prevent the apprehended
occupation of it by the British Government, was
nevertheless an open and palpable violation of the
law of nations, and of the treaty of peace and
amity of 1795 with Spain.
Now, I ask, Mr. President, is it reasonable to
suppose that, while these negotiators were endeav-
oring to remove all causes of complaint, and to
effect an amicable settlement of all questions in
controversy between the two Governments, by
providing for the mutual renunciation of all claims
and mutual indemnities for all injuries, they would
have been so careful to provide indemnity for the
smaller andcomparatively unimportant and insig-
nificant injuries of 1818, caused by an invasion
which we always justified; and, at the sametime,
totally neglect to provide indemnity for the far
greater and far more serious spoliations of 1812
and 1813, caused by an invasion which we never
pretended or assumed to justify ? Sir, they did no
such thing; the assumption is simply preposter-
ous; and notonly does violence to the language of
this provision of the treaty itself, but does still
greater violence to the manifest intention and pur-
pose of the framers of it, and to the understanding
of the parties who ratified it.
I will bring to the notice and attention of the
Senate another material fact, which I regard as de-
cisive on this point. It appears from the corre-
spondence between the negotiators—Mr. John
Gluincy Adams on the part of the United States,
and Don Luis dc Onis on the part of Spain—that
during the progress of the negotiation of this treaty
and before its final conclusion, indemnity for all
spoliations committed by citizens and authorities of
this Republic upon Spanish subjects in Florida, since
the convention of 1802, was insisted upon by Dc
Onis, and acceded to by Mr. Adams, long before
the invasion of 1818, under General Jackson, and,
of course, long before the injuries resulting from
that invasion had been committed. Nobody, I
suppose, will seriously insist upon it that this pro-
tocol or proposition of indemnity had reference to
spoliations that lmd not then occuried; nor do I
suppose that anybody will seriously doubt that it
had special reference to the spoliations of 1812
and 1813, which, in fact, were the only spoliations
that had then occurred. At all events, these and
these alone, were or could be covered by this
proposition of indemnity. These indemnities, thus
agreed upon before the invasion of 1818, were af-
terwards, in more concise, more general, but at
the same time substantially the same language, in-
corporated in the ninth article of the treaty as
finally ratified. Before proceeding any further,
however, I will reacf two or three extracts from
the correspondence to which I have referred.
In the American States Papers, volume four,
page 465,1 find the following letter from Don Luis
dc Onis to J. Gt. Adams, dated January 24, 1818,
in which he said:
" I now proceed to state the most obvious and essential
difficulties which render your three proposals for the settle-
ment of indemnities inadmissible. I observe that, in speak-
ing of them, you. only mention the indemnity for spoliations
suffered by American citizens, and omit that which is equally
: due to Spo niujils for spoliations committed on them by 1 he
\ citizens nrt'l authorities oj thii Rcjwblic, in violation of the
\ law of nations and the existing treaty. I also observe that
' you not only omit this indispensable basis of reciprocity and
| common justicc, but propose the immediate cession of both
the Floridas, which two Spanish provinces arc to be re-
tained by the United States as an indemnity or payment of
what may appear to be due by Spain to American citizens,
according to the arbitration of the joint commission."
' In the same volume, page 467, in a letter from
the same to the same, dated February 10, 1818,
De Onis said:
"The question of indemnities can be attended with
I no difficulty. The Spanish Government has always been
• willing to give due satisfaction for the losses and injuries
I sustained by citizens of this Republic, and committed by
j Spaniards, contrary to the law of nations and the existing
.} treaty; but it cannot relinquish its claim to comprehend, in
'! W:e manner, in the adjustment of those losses and injuries,
sigh as have been committed by citizens and authorities of
this Republic on the Crown and subjects of Spain, in viola-
tion of the same right and treaty. Your Government, sens-
ible of the justice of this demand, cannot fail to accede to it;
thus, by ratifying the convention agreed on in 1809, as I
have already proposed to you, the question of indemnities
will be easily settled and determined."
At page 475 of the same volume, in a letter from
J. Q,. Adams to Luis de Onis, dated March 12,
1818, Mr. Adams said:
" With regard to the third of the subjects of difference
between Spain and the United States that remain to be ad-
justed, the claims of indemnification for injuries, losses,
and damages suffered by American citizens from Spanish
authorities and subjects, and within Spanish jurisdiction,
I flatter myself, from the tenor of your note, devoted par-
ticularly to the consideration of this point, that it is not
absolutely unsusceptible of being brought to a favorable
issue. You express the willingness of your Government
to resume the unratified convention of 1802, and to extend
its stipulations to the cases of complaint of a similar char-
acter to those provided for in it, which have since that
time accrued. It is undoubtedly the intention of this Gov-
ernment that its engagements should be reciprocal; and, if
this was not expressly declared in my note of the 16th of
January, it was merely because the President was not
aware that any such claims of Spanish subjects for indem-
nities from the American Government were in existence.
I am authorized to assure you that there will be no dijficulty
in including any such as may exist, in the convention, and in
making the United States answerable for all indemnities
which may be justly due by them." "
Thus, it appears, Mr. President, that the Span-
ish negotiator, in his notes of the 24th of January
and of the 10th of February, 1818, as I have be-
fore stated, insisted upon indemnity for all spo-
liations committed by-citizens and authorities of
this Republic upon Spanish subjects in Florida
subsequent to the convention of 1802, in violation
of the law of nations and of existing treaties, and
that Mr. Adams, in his note of the 12th of March,
acceded to this proposition. Sir, what spoliations
had they reference to> Certainly not to those
growing out of General Jackson's invasion of
1818, for that had not then taken place. But just
as certainly, they refer to the injuries or spolia-
tions of 1812-13, and, if you please, of 1814; for
those were the only injuries or spoliations then
complained of, or which had actually taken place.
In accordance, then, with this previous under-
standing and agreement between the negotiators
of the treaty, provision of indemnity for all spo-
liations committed after 1802, and then in the
minds of the framers of the treaty, was, at least,
intended to be incorporated in the ninth article of
the treaty; and bearing in mind that this very
proposition of indemnity had been agreed upon
before the spoliations caused by the invasion of
1818 had taken place, we are furnished with the
key to the true interpretation and meaning of this
article; and the language of the article is broad
enough to compass the purpose, intent, and de-
sign of those who framed it. Notwithstanding
the pertinacity and vehcmence with which it has
been insisted that this provision refers to, and
embraces, only the spoliations of 1818, I regard
this correspondence as placing the question be-
yond all further controversy; and hence I re-
peat that this provision was intended to include,
that its language is comprehensive enough to in-
clude, and, therefore, that it does include, the
spoliations or injuries of 1812-13; for, let me say
again, this very provision had been agreed upon
at a time when there were no other spoliations or
injuries to be included.
Mr. President, it has only been by a sort of
hypercriticism upon the qualifying word " late"
that a question has been raised in respect to the
true interpretation of the extent of this provision
of the ninth article. That word, taken in its most
literal signification, without the aid of external
or collateral circumstances, does not at all militate
against the construction for which I contend—the
only construction consistent with the express and
concurrent purpose of the framers of the treaty;
the only construction consistent with the objects to
{^accomplished by this provision of the treaty.
Without any strained, or unnatural, or latitudi-
nous interpretation of the word "late," in its
connection, " the late operations of the American
army in Florida," &c., the most learned philolo-
gist must allow that it may, with the strictestpro-
pricty, refer to and embrace public events of no
longer than six or seven years' standing. It was
less than seven years from the time of the op-
erations of the American army in East Florida m
1812-13, to the time of the final ratification of the
treaty on the 22d of February, 1819; and less than
six years to the time these very stipulations of
