1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2215
dicial history of the country. If it is not, I wish
the Senator from Ohio to correct me.
Mr. PUGH. I do not think that point was ever
brought before the courts. I know it was denied
by the inhabitants; and I tell the Senator he will
find m the territorial statutes ot Indiana statutes
protecting slave property.
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, I do not know but there
may be. Indiana has done a good many things
that I do not approve of; and I suppose none of
us approve entirely what most of the States have
done; but m regard to Indiana I know this: I
know that she petitioned to be relieved from the
oppression of that act, so that slavery might be
tolerated there, and sent her petition to Congress,
and that a committee, of which, I think, John
Randolph, of Virginia, was the chairman, re-
ported most decidedly against it, and it was re-
fused.
Mr. PUGH. If the Senator will allow me, I
can inform him on that point.
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. PUGH. Their petition was for leave to
import slaves into the Territory for twenty years.
Mr. Randolph reported against it. There was no
further action ever taken upon it. There never
was a vote on it. They renewed it three or
four times afterwards, and in every case it was
favorably reported upon; but no action was ever
taken on it, and tljey went on by their territorial
governments to do whatever they pleased about it.'
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, the fact stands just
exactly as I supposed it did. They petitioned for
"leave, and never got it—that is all.
Mr. PUGH. They did not petition for leave,
to have slavery there; but to bring slaves in from
other States.
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, this controversy does
not turn on the question between having and
bringing—not at all.
Mr. LANE. I am not certain that my good
friend liad not better allow me to give him a little
history of slavery in Indiana. They did petition
Congress for permission to bring slaves to Indi-
ana. Congress refused it; but they did, notwith-
standing, bring hundreds of slaves into Indiana
while a Territory. As early as 1807 or 1808, they
held that Congress had no power to prohibit sla-
very in that Territory, and that they would pro-
tect the owners in slavery by such enactments as
to secure to each man the slave that belonged to
him; and they proceeded to enact laws that are
upon the statute-books to this day, authorizing
every owner of slaves in that Territory, or such as
should bring them there, to require the negro to
indenture himself or herself, as the case might be,
to his or her master for ninety-nine years. They
did, under that law, so indenture themselves, and
remained there in servitude as slaves by the action
of the Legislative Assembly of the people of that
Territory, upon the principle, and with the un-
derstanding, that Congress had no power to pro-
hibit them from holding and protecting that spe-
cies of property in that Territory.
They went further, sir. They went further
than I could join my friend from Mississippi [Mr.
Brown] now in going. They enacted the most
thorough black code that can be found on any stat-
ute-book—one more thorough than that of Louis-
iana. They made it the duty of civil officers who
should find a slave without a written pass from
his master at more than five miles from his own-
er's house to tie him up and give him thirty-nine
lashes upon his bare back, and return him to his^
master. In all respects, slavery, by the action ol
the Legislative Assembly, did exist in that Ter-
ritory, the ordinance of 1787 to the contrary not-
withstanding. It was brought about by that great
chief whom a portion of the party that now desire
to elect Lincoln, the nominee of the Chicago con-
vention, took up and elected President of the Uni-
ted States—I mean General Harrison. He invited
it there. He brought it there by virtue of his
weight of character and popularity. He told the
people of the southern States that Indiana Terri-
tory afforded the best soil for slave labor; to bring
them there; and, when they did it, he succeeded
in procuring that kind of enactment which secured
the holders in that species of property. Slaves
existed there by hundreds, until they made a State
constitution, and then slavery was prohibited by
a very small vote indeed. Thus it will be seen
that the ordinance of 1787 at that early day was not
regarded as binding; it was not regarded as con-
stitutional. The prohibition upon the right of the
people to bring their property into aTerritory,
and to pass such laws as shoul^ be necessary to
protect it, was not regarded as a constitutional law
at all. And though slavery did exist there, no one
thought of congressional intervention against it,
or that the Assembly had not the right to protect
property; and certainly no one ever thought of
the people or the Assembly having the right to
destroy property, or to drive it Out of the Terri-
tory.
I give this information to the Senator, having
been well acquainted with the history of this
subject myself—having lived in that Territory at
a very early age in my life, and worked m a
clerk's office, where I had an opportunity of
reading the statutes of the Territory, and of the
State Legislature afterwards. I have read the
statutes 1 mention many times, and 1 can turn to
them yet, perhaps, in the library of Congress,
if not in the library of that State.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President 
Mr. YULEE. As we have reached a tolera-
bly late hour, if it be more agreeable to the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire to proceed with his
remarks to-morrow, I will move an adjournment.
Mr. LANE. Let us get through with this
subject. I have some remarks to make.
Mr. YULEE. I understand it will be more
agreeable to ^ie Senator from New Hampshire to
proceed to-morrow, and I therefore make the
motion that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. LANE. I hope the Senator will allow me
to ask a question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The motion to adjourn is not
debatable.
Mr. LANE. I know that; but, with his per-
mission, I desire to say a word.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Docs the Sen-
ator from Florida withdraw his motion >
Mr. YULEE. No, sir.
The motion was agreed to;-and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, -May 21, 1860.
The House met at cloven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
executive communication.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Presi-
dent of the United States m reference to the dis-
position to be made of Africans taken from on
board slave ships.
Mr. BRANCH. It appears, from this com-
munication of the President, that there is now a
cargo of Africans, to the number of five hundred,
in the charge of our officers, and unofficial intelli-
gence has reached tis this morning that another
cargo had been captured upon the coast of Cuba.
Under these circumstances, it seems indispensable
that some prompt action of Congress should be
had, for the guidance of the President as to the
disposition he should make of them. The com-
munication of the President relates exclusively
to the construction of an act of Congress passed
many years ago; and it appears to me that, as
the only additional legislation necessary is an act
explanatory of that act of Congress placing a con-
struction upon it, the proper reference to mike of
this communication is to the Committee on the
Judiciary. I therefore move that the communi-
cation be referred to that committee, and that it
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senote, by
Mr. Hickey, their Chief Clerk, informing the
House that the Senate had passed, with amend-
ments, bills of the House of the following titles:
An act (No. 523) extending the charter incor-
porating the German Benevolent Society of Wash-
ington city,in the District of Columbia, approved
July 27, 1842;
An act (No. 239) for the relief of George F.
Brott; and
An act (No. 181) to provide for a superintend-
ent of Indian affairs, for Washington Territory,
and additional Indian agents.
Also, that the Senate had passed bills of the fol-
lowing titles, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House:
An act (No. 202) to reimburse the corporation
of Georgetown, in the District of Columbia, a
sum of money advanced towards the construction
of the Little Falls bridge;
An act (No. 385) to incorporate the proprietors -
of Prospect Hill Cemetery; and
An act (No. 426) to dissolve the Washington's
Manual Labor School and Male Orphan Asy-
lum Society, of the District of Columbia, and to
authorize the transfer of its effects to the Colum-
bian Institution for the instruction of the Deaf and
Dumb and the Blind.
printing of testimony.
Mr. HICKMAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be em-
powered to print the memorial and testimony taken and to
be taken before said committee, in the Watrous case.
bills for reference. •
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the call by States for the introduc-
tion of bills for reference only; then resolutions
would be in order for reference only; and that, after
the expiration of one hour, it would be in order to
move to suspend the rules.
uniform system OF bankruptcy.
Ml1. SOMES introduced a bill to establish a
uniform system of bankruptcy throughout the
United States; which was read a first fcnd second
time.
Mr. SOMES moved to refer the bill to a special
committee of five.
Mr. OLIN moved to refer it to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. W1NSLOW moved to refer it to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was first taken on Mr. Winslow's
motion; and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Olin's motion;
and it was agreed to.
So the bill was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
bounty lands to officers and soldiers.
• Mr. DUELL introduced a bill granting bounty
land to certain officers and soldiers who have
been engaged in the military service of the United
States; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
jacob gates.
Mr. FENTON introduced a bill granting an
invalid pension to Jacob Gates; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
j. n. miller.
Mr. BABBITT introduced a bill making com-
pensation to J. N. Miller for service in the war of
1812; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
john f. m'eab.
Mr. LOYE introduced a bill for the relief of
John F. McRae; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
pavtnrt pennsylvania avenue.
Mr. EDGERTON introduced a bill to author-
ize the Secretary of War to contract for the paving
of a portion of Pennsylvania avenue; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
bounty land to certain soldiers.
Mr. BRABSON introduced a bill granting
bounty land to certain soldiers; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
anna taylor's heirs.
Mr. AVERY introduced a bill for the relief of
the heirs of Anna Taylor; which was read a first
and sccond time, and referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
provision for revolutionary soldiers.
Mr. HOLMAN introduced a bill to extend the
provisions of an act entitled " An act to provide
for certain persons engaged in the land and naval
service of the United States in the revolutionary
