1860.
XHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1271
indemnity had been agreed upon by the negotia-.
tors. Six or seven years is, indeed, but a brief
space in the lifetime of nations. With the most
rigid exactness of language, then, in referring to
or speaking of public and national transactions
occurring within that period, they may be spoken
of or referred to as " late" or " recent" transac-
tions. It was strictly correct, in every point of
view, in framing this provision of the treaty in
1818 or 1819, to refer to the " operations" of 1812
and 1813 as " the late operations of .the American
army;" and if there had been intervening opera-
tions of similar character, the term " late opera-
—«.  W0uld include them all, on any fair and
reasonable interpretation of the language.
Now, sir, if anything more is needed to settle
the true interpretation and meaning of this article
of the treaty, and to put the question at rest, it is
found in the fact that the word'' late,'' in the Eng-
lish version, and which has caused much of the
difficulty that has grown out of this subject, is not
contained in the Spanish version, nor any equiv-
alent word. Both versions, it is to be borne in
mind, are to be treated as originals, the one just
as much as the other; and both are to be so inter-
preted, if the language of each will admit of it, as
to make them identical and consistent, the one
■with the other. That construction which will pro-
duce conformity must always prevail. This is a
well-settled rule of interpretation. Now, sir, the
construction of the English version, for which I
contend, without doing any violence to its lan-
guage, produces this conformity; makes it iden-
tical and consistent with the Spanish version, and
makes both consistent with the clear intent and
design of the framcrs of the treaty, and consist-
ent with the obvious purposes and objects to bo
accomplished by this provision of the treaty;
whilst, on the other hand, the opposite construc-
tion makes the two versions inconsistent with
themselves, and inconsistent with the very objects
had in view by this provision of the treaty.
But, Mr. President, passing over the dry dia-
lectics of verbal criticism, and stepping outside of
the phraseology of this clause of the ninth article,
and looking directly to the action of Congress in
reference to this provision, we find our construc-
tion strongly fortified by the act of 1823, which is
an act, in terms, " to carry into effect the provis-
ions of the ninth article of the treaty." That act
'' provides that the judges of the superior courts at
St. Augustine and Pensacola,'' (the onein East and
the other m West Florida,) respectively, shall be
authorized to <4 receive and adjust all claims aris-
ing within their respective jurisdictions, " agree-
ably to the provisions of the ninth article of the
treaty," &c. ".dll claims arising within tlieir re-
spective jurisdictions," bearin mind. Whatclaims
were there, under the treaty^which could arise
within the jurisdiction of the judge in East Flor-
ida, except those growing out of the spoliations
of 1812 and 1813? Answer that question who can.
It is an undisputed fact that the invasions of 1814
and 1818, under General Jackson, were exclu-
sively confined to the limits of West, Florida, so
that no claims growing out of those invasions
could arise within the jurisdiction of the judge in
East Florida. On the other hand, the operations
of the American army, under General Matthews
and Colonel McKee, in 1812 and 1813, were ex-
clusively confined to the limits of East Florida, so
that no claims growing out of those operations
could arise within the jurisdiction of the judge m
West Florida. . .
What did Congress mean, then, by authorizing
the judge in East Florida to receive and adjust all
claims under the treaty, arising within his juris-
diction, unless, in the opinion of Congress, the
claims growing out of the spoliations of 1812
and 1813 were within the treaty , and consequently
within his exclusive jurisdiction ? If, as it has
been contended, the treaty embraced only such,
injuries as were suffered by the operations of the
American army in West Florida, and conse-
quently within the exclusive jurisdiction of the
judge in that district, why, I repeat, did Con-
gress authorize the judge in East Florida to receive
and adjust all claims under the treaty, arising
within his jurisdiction, when, upon this hypothe-
sis, there were no such claims existing within his
jurisdiction—not one? Sir, it is too clear for dis-
putation or doubt that the Congress of 1823—the
Congress immediately following the exchange of
ratifications—understood the treaty to embrace the
injuries resulting from the operations of the'Amer-
ican army in East Florida, m 1813-13, and there-
fore it was that the judge of that district was au-
thorized to receive and adjust all claims, under
tlie treaty, arising within his jurisdiction. J n truth,
these were the principal claims to be adjusted
Congress understood them to be embraced and
provided for in this treaty, and hence the appoint-
ment of a judiciateribunal for the^iurpose of re-
ceiving and adjusting them. Congress so under-
stood it; the judges in East Florida so understood
it; the claimants so understood it; in short, every-
body so understood it; and proceedings were taken
in accordance with this universal understanding,
until Mr. Secretary Rush started a quibble upon
the word " late," and rejected the decisions of the
judge in East Florida on this class of cases as
standing outside of the treaty.
I have very little doubt that Mr. Rush was in-
advertently led into this error by mistaking the
grounds on which his predecessor, Mr. Crawford,
had rejected the decisions upon a few claims grow-
ing out of the spoliations of the invasion of 1814.
Mr. Crawford rejected these claims, as 1 under-
stand it, on the ground that the invasion of that
year—being at the time of our war with Great
Britain, and for the purpose of driving British
emissaries and their Indian allies from neutral ter-
ritory, from whence they made incursions upon
us—was justifiable, under the circumstances and
necessities of the occasion, by the law of nations,
and consequently that we were not to be held
responsible for the injuries necessarily resulting
from that invasion; anil therefore that they did not
properly come within the provisions oi the treaty.
Some few years afterwards, Mr. Rush, follow-
ing this precedent, as he supposed, without con-
sidering Mr. Crawford's reasons for his decision,
applied it to the judgments on claims for spolia-
tions committed by our troops in 1812 and 1813,
which, this Government never assumed to justify,
and never assumed to deny its responsibility for
them. Mr. Rush based "his rejection of these
claims mainly upon the supposed import of the
word " late," in the English version of the treaty,
as limiting and restricting its provisions to the
spoliations of 1818, without being aware, prob-
ably, that no sue.h word of limitation was con-
tained in the Spanish version of the treaty, and
without recollecting that these very stipulations
for indemnity for the spoliations committed by
citizens and authorities of this Republic had been
agreed upon several weeks before the spoliations
resulting from the invasion of 1818—to which
alone he applied and restricted the provision of
the article—had actually taken place. This de-
cision is inexplicable upon any other hypothesis.
Wc come now, Mr. President, to the act of
1834. By that act Congress, in explicit terms,
recognized the claims growing out of the spolia-
tions of 1812-13 as being withm the terms of the
treaty, by directing, in the first section, the pay-
ment of the amounts which had already been
found due for the spoliations of 1812 and 1813 in
East Florida; and by directing, m the second sec-
tion, the judge of that district to receive, exam-
ine, and adjudge all claims for losses on account
of that invasion which had not been already ad-
judicated. With this act before us upon our stat-
ute-book, it would seem to be a work of superer-
ogation to argue the question whether the ninth
article of the treaty embraced the injuries or spo-
liations of 1812 and 1813, at least as understood
by the Congress of 1834. But, strange as it may
appear, these claims have been and still are con-
troverted, as not coming within the treaty. It has
been contended, as it was by the honorable Sen-
ator from North Carolina, [Mr. Bragg,] in his
elaborate argument of yesterday, that this act of
1834 was a mere gratuity for the relief of these
sufferers, and to be construed and executed with-
out reference to and independent of the obligations
of the treaty; and that being a mere bounty, other
considerations than those growing out ol the ob-
ligations of the treaty might regulate the sums
to be paid; and that it imposed no obligation oil
us to pay interest by way of damages for 'he loss
of the use of the property destroyed. Why, sir,
in answer, I say, that this act of 1834 was passed
in nursuanee of, and not m the absence ot, the
obligations of the treaty. This act of I834 ^
oassed in consequence of the decision of Mi. 1 ■
in rejecting the claims of 1812-13. It was passed
for the purpose of setting aside, his decision re-
jecting these claims. It was passed for the pur-
pose of paying the very claims lie had rejected,
and all other claims growing out of the spolia-
tions of 1812-13; thus in effect and in fact recog-
nizing these claims ns within the terms of the
treaty.
But this is not all. To show that this act of
1834 was not passed as a mere gratuity to these
sufferers, but was passed in pursuance of the sol-
emn obligations of the treaty, and to carry it into
full effect, it will be observed that the act of 1834
makes no provision whatever for the payment of
the judgments authorized in the second section.
Unless those judgments can be paid out of the
general and continuing appropriation for this pur-
pose, in the act of 1823, there is no provision what-
ever for their payment. Well, now, I ask you,
did Congress intend to authorize the payment of
these claims, and at the same time withhold all
.appropriation orprovision for pay ing them > Most
'certainly not. The explanation is, that the appro-
priation for that purpose was contained in the act
of 1823, to which the act of 1834 was supplement-
ary. The two acts are to be taken together as one
act, having reference to one and the same object,
and as if passed at the same time. They are part
of one and the same system, and arc to be construed
as one and the same act. The one is entirely in
conformity to the other, and botliarc subsidiary to
the treaty. The act of ] 834, then, is but part and
parcel of the act of 1823; and the act of 1823, in
terms, is an act to carry into cffect the ninth article
of the treaty of 1819. The act of 1834, therefore,
is for the same purpose; that is, to carry into effect
that article of the treaty.
That is not quite all, sir, in reference to the act
of 1834. Every Secretary of the Treasury since
the passage of that act; every Attorney General,
including the distinguished Senator sitting before
me, [Mr. Crittenden,] the Court of Claims, and
the Supreme Court of the United States, have con-
sidered that act as a recognition of the claims
growing out of the spoliations of 1812 and 1813,
as within the treaty. The act was passed for the
very purpose of reversing and annulling a con-
trary decision by Mr. Rush. Both acts require
1 just what the treaty requires, and nothing more;
1 'and both wore passed with direct reference to the
j fulfillment of the obligations which the treaty im-
posed.
So much, sir, for the act of 1834, and so much
upon the question whether these claims come
withm the stipulations of the ninth article of the
treaty. Now, Mr. President, I shall not stop in
the present discussion to consider the question
whether or not the decrees of the district judges
in Florida are to be taken as judicial and final, or
whether a supervisory jurisdiction was given to
the Secretary of the Treasury over those decrees
or awards, whichever you please to call them,
or not. I leave that question upon the argument
of Mr. Webster, appended to the committee's re-
port.
The judges, in pursuance of the requirements
of the law and the treaty, proceeded to reccive,
examine, and adjudge all those claims. 1 hejudg-
ments in favor of the claimants were reported to
the Secretary of the Treasury. The Secretary of
the Treasury, assuming the exercise of a revisory
power over the decisions of the judges, while al-
lowing and paying so much ot the judgments as
covered the original valuation of the property, in
all cases rejected or set aside the interest. The
object of this bill is to direct the payment of that
interest—nothing more. 1 have token « upon me,
in the course of this investigation, to look through
the decisions of the Secretaries of the Treasury,
in reference to their action on these judgments or
awards, from the time of Mr. Woodbury, in 1830,
to the time of Mv. Guthrie, in 1854; and all ot
them, Without exception, place their rejection of
the interest portion of these judgments upon the
ground of the usage of the Department not to pay
interesl. More than that, all of them at the same
time admit the justice of allowing interest 111 such
cases, as an equitable measure of damages. Ill
this connection, and in support, of this statement.^
I will read some brief extracts from the letters ot
several of the Secretaries of the Treasury m re-
spect to their action on that question. ^
Mr. Ewing, the Secretary who succeeded Mr.
Woodbury, says:
" I understand it to be admitted, it not it is easy of dem-
onstration, that the cpurts of Florida were unilormij i i0'u
