3160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
Jones, executrix of Thomas P. Jones, deceasfed,
and Nancy M. Johnson, administratrix of Wal-
ter R. Johnson, deceased. ft 1
POST OFEICJE DEFICIENCY BILL. V
Mr. YULEE. I believe the Post Office defi-
ciency bill is now before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
subject now under consideration. The action of
the House of Representatives will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
In the House of Representatives, June 12, 1860.
Resolved, That the House recede from their disagree-
ment to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
503) " making further appropriations for the service of the
Post Ofiice Department during the fiscal year ending June
30, I860," and agree to the same, with the following amend-
ment :
Add to Senate amendment, on first page :
Provided, The said service shall be performed in the same
tune as wa* prescribed in the schedule time in the con-
tract for the service of the steamer Isabel; and the Post-
master General is herebyauthorized and directed to pay
/or the actual sei vice performed by the said steamer Isabel,
from Chaileston to Havana, previous to the passage of this
act, at the same rate of compensation as was ptovided in
the contract lfcr that service: And prowled further, That
the Postmaster General is hereby directed to restore the
inland service on all the routes under contract on the 4th
of March, 1859, unless the same haveevptred by their own
■Jyuitation, 0J-* where improved service overbid iouteb has
been furnished by railroads or otherwise; and where the
service has been actually performed by the contractor upon
curtailed mutes, notwithstanding such curtailment, the
Postmaster Genera! ahall pay the contractors ?i.s ifno change
had been ouleicd; but the lV.tmat.ier General shall not be
required to lc&tore the service on any of said routes beyond
one dally mail each way , noi to lnteileie with any change*
of service that may have been made without reduction of
pnco,j nor to restore service on route No. iOiJlo, tiom
Neosho, AJfcsouri, lo Albuquciquc, New Mexico; nor to
restore service on route No. J50.50, from Kansas. City, Mis-
souri, via Santa FY;, New Mexico, to Stockton, California;
nor on any purtof the route No. 8070, we-tof lil Paso: Pro-
vided further, That nothing heiein contalin d shall dv'bar
the Postmaster General from discontinuing or euitaihng
any oftlio routes hereby restored ; nor shall the contractor
or contractors upon said testored routes be paid any extia
allowance whatever in consequence of any now eurtdil-
.ment or discontinuance: *dnd provided further, That no
eerviec hereby restored .shall be put in operation unless by
jlie usseut of the contraetoi or contractor therefor . stud
provided ftnlher, That the appropiiation herein made shall
be so construed as to embrace those made bv the joint res-
olution " for the relief'>1 the contractor of the Post office
I)qMitineot," approved March >8, 1860: Jind provided fur-
ther, That nothing herein contained shall be confuted so
as to renew the 'mail service on the Cumberland river,
aliove Ciarksvllle, in the State of Tennessee.
Mr. Y0LEE. Since this bill was formerly be-
fore the Striate* some change has occurred in the
condition of the legislation relative to the Post
Office Department. We have passed the bill of
appropriation providing for the service of 1861.
The Department is, therefore, provided for its
future sorvicc, and there can be no difficulty in
carrying on the operations of the Department so
far as relates to all that is prospective. During
the pendency of this bill, also, by the lapse of
time, we have reached near the close of the year
18G0, for which these appropriations provide. It
may be considered, thcrefoic, that the appropri-
ations contained in this bill are for the payment
of contractors who have already done service,
and to whom the Government stands indebted; it
is for past service. The operations of the Depart-
ment cannot be embarrassed by the failure to
make these appropriations; but great injustice and
inconvenience may follow to the creditors of the
Government for whom this bill provides.
It provides for the payment of the clerks in the
offices; it provides for the compensation of post-
masters; it provides for the payment of contract-
ors for transportation; it provides for contractors
who have supplied mail bags; it provides for the
tmtnuf&cturers of paper who have supplied wrap-
ping-paper to the Department; it provides for ^ie
payment of letter-earners; it provides for the man-
ufacture of postage stamps and postage envel-
opes; it provides for the payment to Great Britain
of two or three hundred thousand dollars due on
the postages which we have collected. All these
debts of the Government provided for in this bill
are held in jeopardy—for what? T3y the attempt
of the House to ingraft on this bill a matter for-
eign to appropriation; not involving appropria-
tion; a provision altogether inoperative in the bill
in which itis; relating to a service about expired,
and in no wise necessarily or even properly con-
nected with the subject of this bill of appropria-
tion. It is an attempt to coercc this body, and to
cocrce the executive department, by appealing to
their regard for the good faith due the creditors
of the Government, and to force upon them a le-
gislation offensive to them, and which they believe
to be utterly wrong, and, I am almost tempted to
say, altogether flagitious.
But, Mr. President, desirous, if possible, to
avoid an unpleasant disagreement upon this bill
between the two Houses, I have concluded to
prepare, and to offer to the acceptance of the
Senate, a substitute for the ^proposition of the
House, which goes as far as rhave found it pos-
sible to induce myself to recommend the Senate
to go, certainly to the very verge of what seems
to me to be proper, and quite as far as it is possi-
ble for me to go.
With this explanation, I submit what I pro-
pose as a substitute for the amendment of the
House, premising; that we might, if we were dis-
posed to be particular with the House, refuse
action upon the amendment they have sent here,
in the shape in which they have sent it; for it is
altogether irregular. They agree with us in
striking out, and send us back, a« an amend-
ment to one other matter to which they agree,
substantially the same thing to the sinking out
of which they had agreed. It is irregular as a
parliamentary mode of proceeding; but overlook-
ing that, and meeting the case upon its substan-
tial merit, I have prepared an amendment which
1 hope will be acceptable to all sides of this Cham-
ber, and which I offer as a substitute for the
proposition from the House; one which I hope
they will find reason to accept, because it grants
all which can be properly claimed from the Gov-
ernment, or from this branch of the legislative
department.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Iveuson
in the chair.) The question is on the substitute
offered by the gentleman from Florida for the
amendment of the House, which will be read.
The Secretary read it, to strike out all of the
amendment of the House after the word "pro-
vided," in the first line, and to insert in lieu
thereof:
That the said scrvice shall be performed in seven days
for the round trip, and the Postina&tcr General is directed
to investigate the claim of the ownei of the steamer Isabel
for services alleged to have been rendered by said steamer
and the steamer Catawba in the transportation oi the United
States mail between Charleston and Savannah and Havana
since tlie 30th of September, 18o9; and if, from any testi-
mony, it shall appear to him that said seivice, as stipulated
lor in the contract tberefoi, which expiied on the said 30th
of September, 1859, w as thereafter actually pcrfoimed, then
the Postmaster General shall allow compensation up to the
date of thH act for stieh service, for the time it wa-. per-
loimed, af the same late that was allowed under said c.on-
tiaet; and the Postmaster General is heieby diiected to
reexamine the cau.-es foi di.scontinu.incc oi cuitailment of
the postal seiviee on inland routes since the 4th day of
March, 1^59; and to restore all such parts of the service as
can be tcstored with due regard to the public interest and
the eiicumstanccv of each case, whether Mich discontinu-
ance or curtailment was upon contiacts yet in force, or has
taken effect upon the making of new contract*; and vvheie
evei service lias been actually perloimed b\ the contractor,
upon any curtailed route, notwithstanding the order of cur-
tailment, the Po^ master General shall pay for the same as if
nosueh oidet had been made,deducungfrom such payment
any allowance lecetved by the contractor on account of the
curtailment of scivice under his contract: Provided, how-
ever, That the Postmastei Geneial shall be satisfied, from
the testimony bei'oie lum, that the service toi which com-
pensation is above piovided was perfoimed in good faith
and in advancement of the public interests: *.'lnd provided
fmlher, That no compensation shall be made for any such
service perloimed atter the 1st day of August next; and to
enable the Postma'-tei General to carry this provision into
effect, the sum of 10,000, or so uiucli thereof as may he
neee^ary for the purpose, i  hereby appropriated : Pro-
viding however, That the lestoration or increase of service
heieby contemplated should be with the a^entof the con-
tractor in each ease, or in pursuance oftho terms of his con-
tract: slud provided furthermore, also, That this appiopri-
ation shall be so construed to emhcaec the appropnations
made by the joint icsolution for the relief ot contractors
of the Post Office Dcpaitment,'' approved March 23, 1860.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want to say a word on this
matter. I confess, I have not been able to give
that examination to the amendment which has
been offered by the Senator from Florida that I
should desire. He savs to me that it embraces,
in his judgment,nil the substantial provisions for
which I have contended in the progress of the de-
bate upon this bill; but he stated another thing in
which I think he was hardly accurate, certainly it
was not my understanding. If I understood the
Senator, he said that, m this amendment which
the House had somewhat informally sent to us,
they had reiterated substantially the provisions
wc had befoie. I think there is a veiy broad dis-
tinction between this amendment, as sent to us
from the House, and the proposition we had be-
fore us as the first amendment of the House; and
] will state what they are if lam right, and I think
I am.
The House and the Senate disagreed originally
upon this proposition: that the Postmaster Gen-
eral should restore the service, and if the old con-
tractor would not take the service, then he should
readvertise and relet it. That was the proposi-
tion we had first. Now, sir, what is the propo-
sition of the House ? It is simply that the Post-
master General shall restore the service if the old
contractor will take it at the price he agreed to
take it'for. If he will not do it, then this amend-
ment does not oblige the Postmaster General to
readvertise, and receive proposals for a reletting.
I think the distinction is a very broad one. The
service was performed by certain contractors; and
for good reasons, in the opinion of the Postmas-
ter General, that service was diminished. Now,
they said, in the first amendment, he shall restore
that service, and if the old contractors will not
take it at those prices, he shall readvertise, and
relet it. This amendment is no such thing. It
simply provides that he shall restore it, if the
old contractor will take it at the price he got in
the original contract, taking away that portion
of it which compelled him to have it if the con-
tractor would not resume his contract precisely
where it was whet#his service was diminished..
There is that difference.
Then there was another objection raised here
in this body, and if I am not wrong in my recol-
lection, it was an objection raised by the Senator
from Florida himself. I am not certain about
that; but it was certainly raised; and it was an
objection which had its influence upon the minds
of*Senators. It was this: the law gave to the
contractor one month's pay where his service was
changed, and it was said, if you compel the Post-
master General to restore all the service, and then
he went to work again and immediately reduced
it, even before this service was put in operation,
still, under the letter of the law, the contractor
having been by law restored, a"nd by the act of the
Postmaster General again diminished, he would
come in and say, I want my month's advance.
It was an objection purely legal,purely technical;
but still it was the strict letter of the law. If we
restored contracts bylaw—at the same time say-
ing to the Postmaster General as we did, revise
this subject, and if you find on these routes that
wc restore, and direct you again to put service
on them, a portion of them where, in your discre-
tion, you think this service should not be con-
tinued, dismiss them—we were told they would
be entitled to that additional month'spay. Now,
sir, this amendment that comes to us from the
House contains a provision that meets that very
case, and it works no injustice to the contractors;
becausc if you do restore them by law, and they
might be technically allowed a month's pay, they
were not entitled to it because they performed no
service. That objection is entirely removed; and
the controversy, in my judgment, lies in a nut-
shell. While I certainly, for one, give the Post-
master General credit for integrity, and doing
precisely what I think I would have done myself
if 1 had occupied the position; while I accord to
him good faith, good intentions; yet there are those
of us here who believe that this indiscriminate
reduction of service was not well advised. The
sources of information, in other words, upon which
the Postmaster General relied for the curtailment
of the service were inaccurate, thus leading the
Postmaster General into the errors which he com-
mitted, to wit: reducing certain service which he
never ought to have reduced. We are told here
now in this debate that the Postmaster General
will, in all cases that are proper, restore the ser-
vice. Now, then, thatbeing the declaration here,
I suppose, of the Postmaster General himself,
made through his friends, it is a simple proposi-
tion of this kind: will you allow the Postmaster
General to go to work and discriminate up, or
will you restore the service, and tell him to go to
work and discriminate down ? That is about the
proposition really. I am in favor of restoring
the service, and then letting the Postmaster
General exercise his discretionary power; and I
have no doubt he will exercise it well. I am
in favor of that for the reason that I shall have
more faith that he will execute that trust more
thoroughly.
I have had occasion, very frequently, to ap~
i proach that Department for the-purpose of ob-
