1272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
and the Secretary of the Treasury uniformly wong. "-Opin-
ion in Reddin BlwnVs case, p. 37.
Mr. Forward, who succeeded Mr. Ewing, as
Secretary of the Treasury, said:
" The treaty is to be expounded, not by the regulations
of the Treasury Department, or the municipal usages or
laws of oneo} the parties toit. The reason is obvious. The
parties to the treaty were upon a footing of perfect equality."
* * * * "It results that the inquiry, whether
the decision of the court allowing damages for the delay of
reparation, was within the provisions of the treaty, must be
determined by the law of naiions." * * * *
" The damages allowed in the Florida cases, in the shape
of interest, were those which were consequent upon the
original wrong. They were an incident which attended and
was inseparable from the principal; and the decision which
concedes the justice and equity of the latter; admits, virtu-
ally and substantially, that the former alto should be paid."
—Opinionof April '26, 1849, on file with the papers.
Mr. J. C. Spencer, who succceded Mr. For-
ward as Secretary of the Treasury, said:
u 1 am quite sure, that in considering the power of the
Secretary to revise the decisions of the judges in Florida,
upon claims under the above acts, I did not take into view
the question whether the measure of compensation lor
losses was to he fixed according to the rule prescribed by
the law of nations, hut rather regarded it as a question'ans-
ing under our acts of Congress, and to be dccided upon the
same principles that would govern in cases of claims by our
own citizens upon our own Government.
" Whatever decision I made upon the question of interest
on the Florida claims, had reference to prospective interest
accruing after the award was made, or to the allowance of
interest, eo nomine, and not as a measure of compensation,
at the time of the award, for the loss of propeity. And so
far as my decisions may be quoted, they ought not to have
any bearing on either of the points herein stated.
" It I were now to give an opinion, I should say, unhes-
itatingly, that the rule of compensation in the above eases
should be obtained from the stipulations of the treaty with
Spain exclusively, and that such rule should govern the
Dcpprtment as well as the courts."—Report of Court of
Claims in Robert Harrison's case, p. 113.
Judge Bibb, who succeeded Mr. Spencer, said:
"The question as to rule of damages under the law of
nations, and the treaty of 1819 between the United States
and Spain, was not presented to my mind, was notconsid-
ered by me, was not intended to be decided by me, in
making the oiders for payments without mteie^t. In so or-
dering, I signed an oiderdiawn up by one of the cleik*, ac-
cording to form which had pteviousiy boon observed in like
cases.
"The question of interest upon the value of the property
destroyed at the time of the trespass, by way of compensa-
tion for ihe deprivation of the use of the property, was not
considered nor adjudicated by me in these cases, but passed
sub silenlio.
" If the question had been stirred, I feel confident that 1
would not have committed so great a blunder as to have
decided that, under the treaty and the act* of Congress to
carry into effect the treaty between the United State* and
Spain, an allowance of interest, at the legal rate of the
country where the trespass iu violation of the laws of na-
tions had been committed, was not to he paid by the United
States, as a jus t compensation for di'pi ivation of the u-e of
the property valued at the rime of the trespass.''1—Report
of the Court of Claims in Harrison's cai,c, p. 114.
So after all, Mr. President, it seems that the
interest portion of these judgments was rejected
by the Secretaries of tin.' Treasury, not because it
was not right, not because it was not just, not
because it was not justly due under the decisions
of the courts of Florida and under the treaty, not
because it was not a just portion of the damages
according to the law of nations and the stipula-
tions of the treaty; but merely because it was not
in accordance with the usage and practice, of that
Department to pay interest, or bccausc the atten-
tion of the Secretary was not called, at the time,
to the peculiar nature of the case; and the claim-
ants were remitted to Congress for redress; were
remitted to Congress for a relief acknowledged to
be their due; for a relief which the Department
was authorized and directed to grant by the pay-
ment of these judgments in full, interest as well
as principal; for a relief which justice and equity,
the lawsof the land and the laws of nations, which
the judgments of the courts, the obligations of the
treaty, and the public faith, demand should be
granted; for a relief which ought to have been ac-
corded to them years ago by the Department, but
which the usage of the Department forbjftle. I
make no comment. The simple statement of the
case carries with it its own appropriate comment-
ary. But enough upon this point.
Now, as to the question of satisfaction. Ad-
mitting our obligation tinder the treaty to make
reparation for the injuries caused by our troops in
1812-13, will it be contended for a moment that
reparation, or, in the language of the treaty," that
satisfaction" is made to the suffering parties by
merely paying them, forty years afterwards—
forty years after the destruction of theirproperty—
the amount of value of the property at the time it
was destroyed? Most certainly not. Sir, this
Government undertook and promised, in terms,
and in the most solemn form, to cause satisfaction
to be made for the injuries which, by process of
law, should be established to have been suffered
by Spanish citizens and Spanish officers, on ac-
count of the operations of the American troops in
Florida. This is the obligation into which we
have entered by treaty with ^foreign Govern-
ment. It iscle^r, sir, that by " satisfaction,"both
parties understood and meant indemnity—full rep-
aration as far as practicable—legal satisfaction, or
that complete remuneration which not only the
common and the civil law, but more especially
which the public international law gives for inju-
ries of this character. The rule of damages for
property taken or destroyed is the pecuniary
value of the property at the time of its conversion
or destruction, together with interest from that
time, as an equitable measure of indemnity for the
loss of the use and enjoyment of the property
meanwhile. This was the rule adopted by the
district judges in Florida in these cases. This
principle is the rule alike of the common law and
civil law, and of the public law of nations. It is
a rule of universal application as between Gov-
ernments, or as between Governments and indi-
viduals, and obtains everywhere, in all our States
and in all our courts of justice, as between private
parties. Our own Government exacts the appli-
cation of this rule as against foreign Govern-
ments; and shall we hesitate to recognize its
application as against ourselves?
When this Government entered into this obli-
gation with Spain, did either party understand or
suppose that the measure of satisfaction was to
be made, or governed, or controlled, or in anyway
affected, by a private regulation or usage in one of
the Executive Departments of this Government;
by a private usage unknown to Spain, unknown
to the public, and of which nobody can be pre-
sumed to have had notice? Or, the rather, was
it not understood by both parties, that the satis-
faction stipulated for was to be measured out
according to the public law of nations—the law
known and recognized by the civilized world?
Was it not understood that satisfaction was to be
made according to the established usage of nations9
and not according to the accidental usage of the
Treasury Department ? Sir, there is but one answer
to be given to these questions. Private rights,
public justice, and national faith have but one
answer to give to these questions; and we can
readily anticipate that answer.
Again, Mr. President, whenever, as between
Governments or individuals, a liability for the
value of property has been fixed, interest follows
as a necessary legal consequence; not merely as an
incident to the debt, eo onmine, but as a just moa-
j sure of indemnity for the loss of the use and fruits
of the property. This Government, in providing
a judicial tribunal to establish these claims, and
by paying the original valuation of the property
as adjudged by this tribunal, and as being within
the purview of the treaty, virtually recognizedand
admitted its obligation to pay the interest. The
question of interest, in fact and in law, is foreclosed
by the judgment of a tribunal of our own appoint-
ment. In legal phraseology, we are estopped from
denying our obligation to pay the interest. In-
terest is as much, and to all intents and purposes
as justly, a part of the legal damages to which the
parties are entitled, and for which judgment has
been rendered, as the original casli value of the
property itself; and the payment of this interest,
and nothing short of it, will discharge the obliga-
tions of our own treaty engagements.
But further: although I regard the question
so clear as to be placed beyond successful con-
tradiction, that the treaty' requires that the in-
juries alleged to have been suffered shall be estab-
lished by process of law—that is, that they shall
be ascertained, fixed, and determined finally by
judgment of a court of law, or judicial tribunal;
yet conceding, for the moment, that these judg-
ments, or awards, if you please so to call them, or
the cases of the district judges of Florida, are to
be treated as the mere awards of a commissioner,*
to be revised by the Secretary of the Treasury,
and by him to be paid or to be rejected, in whole
or in part, as he may think proper, and that his
determination in rejecting the interest portion of
these judgments is to be taken as final and conclusive,
what then? Final and conclusive upon whom?
Final and conclusive to what extent, and in what
respect? Final, it may be, on the party before a
court of law, and, if you please, may there be
pleaded in bar of judgment. So, it seems, thought
a majority of the Court of Claims, and they re-
mitted the party to Congress. So, it seems, thought
the Supreme Court of the United States in Fer-
reira's case, and dismissed it, rightfully enough,
for want of jurisdiction, as the acts of Congress
gave no appeal from the decision of the Secretary
of the Treasury, or from the courts in Florida, or
from the Court of Claims to that tribunal.
But surely it will not be contended that the de-
cisions of tne Secretary of the Treasury are final
and conclusive on the party when he appeals to
Congress; especially when these decisions con-
travene the plain and admitted obligations of a
treaty engagement. The decisions of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, however they may be re-
garded elsewhere, are no bar in this forum. They
have not even the merit of argument or of per-
suasion when addressed to the judgment or the
discretion of the national Legislature. We can do
right; we can do justice; we can decide upon prin-
ciples of justice and equity; wecan discharge our
treaty obligations, the usage of the Department or
the decisions of the Secretary of the Treasury to
the contrary, nevertheless. The decisions of the
Secretary are no bar to our doing all this. They
are not final and conclusive upon the action of
Congress. We'are hampered by no departmental
usage, by no arbitrary rules, by no legal techni-„
calities, against doing what we may deem to be
right and proper in the premises; against direct-
ing, if we please, the interest portion of these judg-
ments to be paid, and thus discharging a conceded
national obligation. And, sir, no Secretary of the
Treasury, let it be borne in mind, although as-
suming the exorcise of a revisory power over the
decisions of the judges, and rejecting the interest
portion of these demands, has ever ventured to
deny or to question the obligation of this Govern-
ment to pay it; but the usage of the Department
was irrthe way of their paying it, and they left
the parties to seek redress by an appeal to Con-
gress; and here they are, and this is why they are
here.
v- Let me say, further, that the Secretary of the
Treasury has never decided against the payment
of interest, judicially or quasi-judicially, though
you assume to invest him with a supervision over
the decisions of the courts in Florida. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury has never decided that the
interest was not just; that it was not due; that it
was not justly payable under the decisions of the
courts and under the treaty. He has expressed
no judgment, as such, upon the merits of the
question. He has merely set aside, suspended
the interest—rejected it, if you please; not by ju-
dicial or even executive or ministerial judgment
against it, but merely on account of the force, as
he supposed, of a rule of practice in the Depart-
ment. That is no judgment in rem; that is no
decision, no decree upon the merits of the ques-
tion, and therefore is not conclusive or final upon
anybody, and no bar before any tribunal. You
might as well say—and there would be as much
sense and as much logic and as much law in it—
that if I refused to pay the interest on my note,
the decision was final and conclusive upon the
creditor; and that, if he sued me for the debt, I
could plead that decision in bar of his recovery.
No, sir; there is no instance in which the Secre-
tary of the Treasury decided that the interest was
not due under the decisions of the courts in Flor-
ida and under the treaty itself; but the usage of
the Department was in the way of their paying
it. They adhered to the usage of the Department,
and remitted the parties to Congress. That is
the true statement of the case; and that is all that
has been decided. Yet it is insisted that the de-
cision of the Secretary of the Treasury on this
question is final and decisive, and conclusive on
everybody, and everywhere.
Let us take another view of this subject. Irre-
spective of the question whether the decision of
the judges in Florida was judicial and final; irre-
spective of'the question whether the Secretary of
the Treasury was clothed with a revisory power
over these decisions, I still insist that it is the duty
of this Government to discharge the unpaid resi-
due of these judgments. Sir, it is enough that the
original value of the property destroyed or taken
by our own troops, andforwhich the ownerswere
