252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 26,
were not yet sufficiently enlightened foi self-government;
and that after wading through blood and slaughter, they
would end in military tyrannies, more or less numerous.
Yet as they wished to try the experiment, I whhed them
success uiit; theyHave now tried it, and will possiblyfind
that then" safest load will be an accommodation with the
mother country, which shall hold them together by the
single link of the same chief magistrate, leaving to him
power enough to keep them in peace with one another, and
to themselves the essential power of self-government and
self-improvement, until they shall be sufficiently trained by
education and habits of freedom, to walk safely by them-
selves. Representative government, native functionaries,
a qualified negative on their laws, with a previous security
by compact for freedom of commerce, freedom of the press,
habeas corpus, and trial by jury, would make a good begin-
ning. Tins? last would be the school in which their people
might begin to loam the exercise of civic duties as well as
rights. For freedom of religion they are not yet prepared.
The scales of bigotry have not sufficiently fallen fiom their
eyed to accept it for themselves individually, much less to
trust others with it. But that will come in time, as well as
a general ripeness to break entirely from the parent stem.
You see, my dear sir, how easily we prescribe for others
a cure for their difficulties, while we cannot cure our own.
We must leave both, \ believe, to Ileaven, and wrap our-
selves up in the mantle of resignation, and ot thatfnendship
of which I tender to you the most sincere assurances.''
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the Clcik also
to read, in this connection,an article in reference
to the same subject.
The Clerk read, as follows:
<{ President Monroe drew up a diaft of a veto message
which he intended to send into Congress, in 1820, upon its
passing a law prohibiting slavery in the territory noith of
36° 30', as a condition piecedent upon which Missouri was
to be admitted into the Union as a slave State. From that
message, which yet exists m Mi. Monroe's handwriting,
the following extract in made •
"4 The put posed restriction of Territories which are to be
admitted into the Union, it not in direct violation of the
Constitution, is lepugnant to its principle5-, since it i^ in-
tended to produce an eflcct on the future policy of the new
States, operating equally upon, and in regaid to, the onginal
States, injuring those affected by it in an interest protected
fiom such injury by the Constitution, without benefiting
any State in the'Union.'
" As a matter of policy, which was afterward pioved to
be mistaken, Mr. Monroe waived his constitutional objec-
tions, and signed.the bill. 1-Iis message above quoted show*
his opinion of the Republican creed. The following letter
from Mr, Madison shows why the celebrated ordinance of
1787, in regaid to slavery in the Northwest Terutoiy, vuis
pas.sed:
" £ I have observed, a* yet, in none of the views taken of
the ordinance o I 17?v, inteidietmg slavery noithvve^t of the
Ohio, an allusion to the ciieumstanee that wlion it parsed
the Congress had no autbontv to prohibit the importation
of slaves tiom abroad; that all the States had, and some
were, in the lull exeici&e of the right to imputt iheiu ; and,
ronsequently, that thoie was no mode m which Congress
could check the evil but the indirect one of nairowing the
space open for the icception ot slaves.
'■'Had a Federal nmhomy then existed to prohibit, di-
icctly and totally, the importation fiom abroad, can u be
doubted that it would have been exerted, and that a regu-
lation having merely the effect of preventing the interior
disposition ol slaves actually m the United State*, and cre-
ating a distinction among the States m the degieesol their
sovereignty, would not have been adopted, or, perhaps,
thought of.
"'f find the idea is fast spteadmg that the zeal with
which the extension [so called] ot slaveiy is opposed, ha*,
with the coalesced leader, an object vet) duleient fiom
the weltaie of slaves, oi a check to their ineieu^e, and that
the real object is, as you intimated, to hum a new state of
parties founded on local instead of political distinction*.'
Letter of Jomcs Madison to President Ilomoc,, dated Muut-
2'Cher, February *30, 18"10.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 wish you, gen-
tlemen, the House, and the country, to bear in
mind distinctly, that here are authorities of the
fullest and amplest character against the constitu-
tionality of the Missouri lino. It is from men of
the very highest character—men personally ac-
quainted with the earliest days of the Constitu-
tion; and they all testify to the same conclusion.
Nor is that all. Mr. Jefferson's name is used;
Mr. Madison's name is used; Mr. Clay's name
is=s used, everywhere, in certain sections of the
Union, as evidence of a deep-seated hostility to
slavery; and here are those distinguished men rec-
ognizing the .solemn obligation of the compact,
and looking upon the Missouri question with ap-
prehension and alarm. Mr. Jefferson says that
when the Missouri question broke out, it struck
upon his car like a fire-bell in the night, and that
it iilied him with terror and alarm; Mr. Madison
says nothing, in his reminiscences of that day,
justifying that action; Mr. Momoe himself had
prepared a message vetoing the bill, and Mr.
Clay resisted the Missouri restriction with all his
great resources.
And be it remembered, furthermore, that the
starting, and the agitation of this question, was
from the North: not in a spirit of urbanity and
affection, but as a question of power, pushed to
the very extreme, almost to the dissolution of the
Union "itself. Hear Mr. Clay upon the subject.
"When he returned herein January, 1821, he found 1
Congress in deep apprehension and alarm, and j
the most patriotic men full of fear and horror.
Even the great Lowndes himself, with a heart full
of love for his country, had surrendered the strug-
gle in despair. It was at such a time as that, and
under such circumstances, that Mr. Clay inter-
fered for the adjustment of this matter, and ulti-
mately succeeded, at the expense of the Constitu-
tion, in preserving peace. I say at the expense of
the Constitution; for, according to the clearest and
highest evidence, not only of these men whom I
have quoted, but of the Supreme Court of the
United States in the Dred Scott decision, the act
was an usurpation of power, unwarranted by the
Constitution, and destructive to the equal rights
of the country. v
Mr. KILGORE. "Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him, if Congress has power, under the
Constitution, to restrict or limit the introduction
of slavery into the Territories, would not that
necessarily include a power to prohibit it > Then,
what disposition will the gentleman make of the
act of 1804, organizing the Territory of Orleans,
approved by Mr. Jefferson ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I understand that.
Mr. Madison explains it. He says, moreover,
that the ordinance of 1787, which had not the
slightest warrant in the Articles of Confederation,
was introduced for the purpose of restricting or
narrowing the spacc to which slaves could be
carried, and thus to diminish the inducements to
import them. It was the intention of the Consti-
tution to confine the foreign importation of slaves
to the States then existing.
Mr. KTLGOIIE. The gentleman has not an-
swered my question. J asked the gentleman to
reconcile the approval of MrfJcfferson of that bill
to the. position which he now represents Mr. Jef-
ferson to have held upon the question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have no doubt it
is reconcilable. Louisiana was acquired by pur-
chase ; and the right to import slaves was confined
to the States existing at the adoption of the Con-
stitution, and, by necessary implication, the power
of restraining importations into other States or
Territories was yielded to the Federal Govern-
ment.
1 will not undertake to deal with that question
now; when it conies up properly, I will be pre-
pared to meet the gentleman. Suffice it to say,
here is the authority you so frequently invoke—
Madison, Jefferson, and Monroe—and they were
against this invasion of the Constitution in the
adoption of the Missouri line.
But, sir, that is not all. What! want the coun-
try to understand, what I want their attention
particularly called to, is the fact that this great
question which shook the Union to its founda-
tion, originated at the North—originated there m
no patriotic or humane purpose, but from a lust
of power. Mr. King, the great leader in this
question, broadly stated that to be the doctrine.
I It was a question of power, which .should over-
ride all other interests and all other considerations.
It is that point I wish the country to understand.
The encroachments of the slave power have been
so often and so unjustly denounced, that I want
the country to remember that this great first move-
ment, disturbing the equipose of the Constiluiion,
was from the North, and was a question of power;
that it was pressed almost to a disruption of the
Union. Proclaim it, then, in all llie highways
and byways of the country, that the first great
agitation of this question arose from a lust of
power by the North, and was pressed to the last
extreme, and, at last, the Union was only rescued
from the impending peril by the extraordinary
exertions of Henry Clay.
Well, the question passed: and having passed,
let me now call your attention, if you please, to
the great sacrifices made by the South on that oc-
casion. It was one of the highest evidences of
love of the Union that is furnished in the history
of the Government. "While the South strongly
resistcd this Missouri line, so long as they could:
while they had firm and profound convictions of its
injustice, as well as of its unconstitutionality, yet,
in the last extremity, when all seemed to be lost,
the South, m thajpspirit of fraternal love winch
laid the foundations of the Constitution, yielded
their objections to tins demand of power, sur-
rendered their views of interest, agreedto the de-
molition of the Constitution, in that particular,
and assented that the line of 36° 30' might be re-
garded as one of the compromises of the Union.
Sir, the history of that transaction proves, in
the southern heart, the highest veneration and de-
votion to the Union. The North cared not. They
meant to have their pound of flesh. They meant
to have a limitation placed on the expansion of
slavery, at whatever peril. At last, in the ex-
igency of the moment, the South permitted this
violation of their rights.
I say, then, that instead of assailing the South
as being hostile to the Union, the history of that
transaction presents the South in a high moral
light of glorious and beautiful devotion to the
finest fabric of government that was ever raised
by the inspiration of mortal men. I stand up here
before the country and say that the history of that
transaction is the highest compliment to our patri-
otic devotion to the Union that is furnished in our
immortal and eventful history. "We went for the
measure for the sake of peace. We went for it
against our convictions. "We went for it against
our interests. We did it all for the sake of the
Union. Even Mr. Monroe, that good and just
man, after he had prepared his veto, when the
measure passed both Houses,under the inspiring
exertions of Henry Clay, yielded his convictions,
and laid down his sense of duty and of right on
the altar of his country. And, great God ! is the
South to be arraigned at the bar of public opinion
on the chargc that it is incendiary in its character
and hostile to this holy ark of our covenant? But,
fellow-citizens, was the anti-slavery power satis-
fied with that invasion of the Constitution ? No,
sir; the work was notyet finished; the power was
not yet completely theirs. Agitation continued;
memorials poured in on Congress day after day
and year after year. Finally, m 1835, a profound
agitation again shook the Union to its center.
I mention this fact, because it is very common
for gentlemen to say that this measure gave us
peacc and settled the controversies of the country.
Sir, it is not so. It was but the beginning of ag-
gression. It was one of the steps of successful
outrage upon the South and upon the Constitu-
tion, and it inspired to renewed exertion. I could
go minutely into the history of that day, and es-
tablish beyond a perad venture what I have stated,
but 1 will refer to one single matter, as illustra-
tive of the general accuracy of the position that
I take.
In 1835, notwithstanding the great concession
which had been made by the South, she again
became the theme of every species of northern
vituperation and detraction. Though the South
had conceded so much, she gained no favor. The
thing was agitated still; and the cry still was,
there shall be agitation, until the Union again be-
came profoundly agitated
From tunet to foundation-stone.''
I refer to but one single piece of testimony, and
that is pregnant and full; and it will establish be-
yond a question the fact that I maintain.
Such was the intensity of agitation, such the
profound excitement m the public mind, that old
Faneuil Hall again echoed with the voices of patri-
otic devotion to the Union. In 1835, fifteen years
after the Missouri agitation, Harrison Giay Otis,
a clarum et vcncrabile nomcn, (I will say also,) ap-
peared in Faneuil Hall, and there addressed an
assembly of his fellow-citizens on the subject. 1
ask attention to the extract which I send to the
Clerk's desk.
The following was read from the Clerk's desk:
"The meeting of 1833 was at the dawmngof the modern
teaiful abolition movement, and just as admit politicians
began to use it lor political purpose*. In his speech at
tins mooting, Ilaiu-on Giay Otn pointed out the evi-
dent duectioii ot tln> abolition movement towaids a po-
litical a-.?oeiation, and its tendency to bear directly on
the ballot-box and influence the elections, ilis word** are
fstuktm?
<• 'Alreadv we know that the member of Congiess elect
for tins district wa« interrogated upon his intended course
inspecting Maveiv in the Di-mict of Columbia, and with an
independence which, apait from his otbni meut. evinces
his qualifications foi his. place, he refused to pledge himself,
and re-eivcd the i ieht to a<*t a- hi- judgment mi«ht dictate
when obiised to act And enn yon doubt, feilow-cjtizen5?,
that ilu-'c' a-sjoes.itjons will act together for political pur-
poses? Is it in human nature for such combinations to lor-
bcar? II, then, then number should be augmented, and
the success they anticipate icahzed in making proselytes,
how soon misht vou see a majority in Congiess icturned
under the influenee of the associations? And how long
afteiwaul- would tin- Tmon la^t-"'
"The veteran -p'-akei went on todcpiceate the tendency
of tho'-o atsocio'Jci>. ''Some,' he remarked, £f?lreadv
