1860.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
1273
entitled to satisfaction, to full indemnity, has been
determined by a tribunal of our own appointment,
and to whom we assigned this specific duty. It
is enough that the value of the property, at the
time we destroyed or took it, has been paid by the
authorized officer of this Government, after exer-
cising asupervision over the decisions of the courts
in Florida, with all the evidence before him upon
which these claims rested. In reality, sir, the only
question remaining for us to decide is the question
of interest, as allowed by the judges, and disal-
lowed or unpaid by the Secretary of the Treasury.
In other words, the only question remaining for us
to decide is, whether we will indemnify the parties,
whose property we seized from them by wrong
and violence, for the deprivation of the use and
enjoyment of that property; whether, in short, we
will make satisfaction to the injured party accord-
ing to the recognized rules of municipal and of
public law, and according to the terms of our own
solemn promise made to them forty years ago.
That, sir, is the only remaining question; and it
is a question, allow me to say without offense,
which not only addresses itself to our judgments
as legislators, but which addresses itself to our
sense of justice as honest men.
Let us take still another view of this subject.
Irrespective of the treaty; irrespective of all the
laws of Congress in reference to the treaty; and
irrespective of all these questions of construction
that have grown out of the treaty and these acts
of Congress, were these claimants now before us
for the first time by original petition, asking re-
dress for the wrongs and injuries committed on
them by our troops in 1812 and 1813, what would
be our duty towards them? The answer is a plain
one, which every honest mind will suggest. By
force and violence, in defiance of all law and of all
right, we invaded their territory, drove them from
their homes, burned down their dwellings, de-
spoiled them of their goods, beggared their house-
holds, and desolated their country; and in saying
thus much, I but speak the truth, and but repeat
the words of authentic history. Here let me for-
tify this statement by some reliable testimony—
the testimony of the judges themselves; the testi-
mony of Colonel Smith, one of the leaders of this
invading force; and the testimony of President
Monroe. Here it is:
Judge Smith says:
i( It has been further proved that the cattle, horses, swine*
and movables of the plantations of this portion of the prov-
ince, were, during this incursion, almost without excep-
tion, destroyed, dispersed, and lost to the owners ; that the
buildings, fences, and crops of many plantations were
wholly destroyed; sometimes having been previously aban-
doned by their owners, and at others the owners having
remained till the destruction commenced."
Judge Reid, after describing the previous flour-
ishing condition of the province, says:
"This revolution, which ceased in 1813, left the country
desolate. Plantations, farms, houses, stock, poultry, tools,
and implements—every thing m the shape of property—had
been pillaged or destroyed. The country was a desert;
many persons in comfortable circumstances in the begin-
ning of 1812, were reduced to extreme poverty in the course
of fourteen months ; and East Florida has never recovered
from the shook it then received."—Solicitor Clark's Report
to the Secretary of the Treasury, dated March 7,1851. Ap-
pendix, pp. 14, 15.
Judge Bronson, in his decision in the case of
Ferreira, administrator of Pass, says:
"The difficulty of obtaining supplies I'or such a force led
them at once to look to the resources of the country; and
large droves of cattle, with which the country then abound-
ed, were immediately and unhesitatingly seized upon to
relieve their necessities; and foraging parties, consisting
hoth of regular troops and patriots, were sent out in all di-
rections to collect cattle and other means of subsistence for
the Army." * * * * * * *
" A detail of some of the more revolting instances of rob-
bery and plunder and wanton destruction on the one hand,
that occurred during this period, or of individual cases of
hardship, ruin, and beggary, on the other, is haidly called for,
and perhaps not proper in this general statement, though
they might tend much to illustrate the general character of
the injuries ot that period. Suffice it to say, that before or
when the United States troops finally evacuated the coun-
try, the whole inhabited part of the province was in a state
of utter desolation and ruin."
Colonel Smith, of the United States Army, who
commanded the invading force, wrote to his Gov-
ernment:
" The inhabitants have all abandoned their houses, and
as much of their movables as they couid not carry away
with them."
He adds:
" The province will soon become a desert."—Solicitor
Clark's Report, above cited, App., p. 15.
President Monroe, then Secretary of State, in a
letter to Governor Mitchell, of 10th April, 1812,
after alluding to the fact that the troops of the
United States had been used to dispossess the
Spanish authorities by force, says:
" I forbear to dwell on the details of this transaction,be-
cause it is too painful to recite them."—Jimerican State
Papers, Foreign Jiff airs, vol. 3, p. 571.
I do not think, Mr. President, I lay myself
open to the charge of having; overwrought this
dark and forbidding picture in the page of our
country's history. The original claimants were
at that time loyal subjects of the Government of
Spain. A few years afterwards, in 1819, by the
treaty of cession they became loyal citizens of the
United States. Some of them, still living, and
many of their descendants and representatives,
are among the most respectable of our citizens in
different States of the Union. Very few of them
or their descendants remain in Florida, for very
few of them ever returned to their desolated homes.
Were these claimants, I ask again, now before
us for the first time by original petition, asking
redress for these wrongs and injuricsand outrages,
what would be the clear and manifest duty of this
Government towards them ? Sir, the voice of
reason, the dictates of humanity and of every
Hbnest mind, would respond that we could do no
less—and meager indeed would be the measure of
redress at that—we could do no less than to pay
them the full value of their property so destroyed,
together with the interest, from that time to the
present. No man in the honest convictions of
his judgment can say, or will say, that we could
do less; and that is all that the bill before you
proposes.
Hut, it is said the claim is a large one; and so it
is. It reaches nearly or quite two million dollars;
but what of that, sir? I have only to answer, if
the claim be just, if the demand be due, the larger
it is, the greater is the wrong and the injustice in
withholding it. If we are under the obligation of
the pledged faith of this Government to pay it, the
larger it is, the more imperious that obligation be-
comes.
But it is said, sir—and I regretted to hear the
old charge reiterated yesterday by the honorable
Senator from North Carolina—that these claim-
ants have already been fully paid, and overpaid,
by an exorbitant valuation of the property alleged
to have been destroyed, and for which judgments
have been rendered, and which, to the extent of
the original value of the property, as proved, have
been, for the most part, paid to them. Sir, I wilj
not answer by saying that we are foreclosed from
going into this inquiry by the judgment and de-
cision of a tribunal of our own creation. If any
fictitious or fraudulent claims have been allowed,
let it be shown; let it be proved. It is incumbent
upon him who makes the charge or the suggestion
of fraud, to support it by proof, or withdraw the
imputation, and henceforth to be silent.
But, sir, I will answer by saying that we have
a threefold guarantee in these cases against fraud-
ulent, fictitious, or even extravagant allowances
for claims: first, in the well-known and acknowl-
edged ability, fidelity, and high character, per-
sonally and officially, of the judges themselves;
and a further guarantee in the fact that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, under the assumed exercise
of a revision of these judgments, after reexamin-
ing them all, reduced but very few of them at all,
and those very few so slightly as in no degree
whatever to impeach the correctness or impartial-
ity of the decisions of the judges. Who are these
judges? I hear the question asked by some one
near me. Judge Smith, sir, was from your own
State, (Mr. Foster in the chair;) Robert Ray-
mond Reid was from the State of Georgia; Isaac
H. Bronson was from the State of New York.
The high personal character of these men, and
their eminent judicial qualifications, commanded
the confidence of the public, as well as the confi-
dence of the President and Senate of the United
States, at whose hands they received their ap-
pointment. We have a further guarantee m the
character of the claimants themselves, who are
understood to be among the most respectable cit-
izens of our country. They are personally stran-
gers to me, with one exception; and I shall leave
it to those who do know them to speak for them ,
and to say whether they are persons who would
be likely to prefer fraudulent claims against the
Government. The exception to which I refer is
the late General Clinch, of Georgia, whose fam-
ily, it is said, are among the claimants', a vener-
able gentleman, with whom it was my fortune to
serve in the House of Representatives many years
ago; whom I remember well, and with great* re-
spect, as a most high-minded, honorable, and
gallant servant and soldier of hiscountry. In this
connection, I will read a letter from Mr. Secre-
tary Woodbury, showing his appreciation of the
character, correctness, and impartiality of these
judgments:
Treasury Department, October 7,1838.
Sir: I have received a letter from Colonel Downing, In
which heexpressesan apprehension that you might berals-
led by some remarks in my communication to you of the
24th of July last.
He seems to think that an inference may be drawn from
that communication unfavorable to the claimants in respect
to the amounts allowed in cases, and for damages coming
clearly within the principles adopted by the Department.
As no such design was" entertained by the Department in
writing that letter or any oilier, I proceed cheerfully to state
the fact; nor do I hesitate to add, that, though in some
cases the amount of tlie awards may have been reduced
here on particular items in consequence of the parties'own
exhibit, not claiming so much as you allowed, or for some
other special reason, yet, m general, I do not apprehend
that your awards have been higher as to the items approved
here than the evidence warranted. On the contrary, sev-
eral instances have come under my notice, where, unless
some local knowledge of men and things not appearing on
the rccord existed and modified the result, f thought I could
have felt justified in granting a larger sum for particular in-
juries than was allowed in the award.
But you arc best acquainted with the country where the
claims originated, with the value of property there, and
with the character of the respective witnesses; ana my
chief object in this communication is merely to prevent
any conclusion which it is supposed may be liable to bo
drawn from my former letter; that an opinion is entertained
by this Department not favorable to the great care and dil-
ligence exercised by you in protecting the Government from
the payment of damages larger in any particular case, or
under any particular head, than were actually sustained by
the claimants. When the awards have not been sanctioned,
it has generally been for other causes, which from time to
time have been fully explained either to you or the parties,
or their counsel, and which have not been inconsistent
with an anxiety here, that the real sufferers in Florida from
the acts of the American troops in 1812 and 1813 should re-
ceive all the indemnity which the existing acts of Congress,
and the former, settled construction of them, appear to
justify.
Respectfully yours, &c., LEVI WOODBURY,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. It. Raymond Beid.
In further proof of the reasonableness and fair-
ness of the allowances of these accounts, I will
read a transcript of the accounts as allowed by the
judges in two cases which have been very much
contested, being the only two which have come
under my observation:
Transcript of the account in Ferreira's case, as allowed by
the judge.
For loss of crops of 1812  $350 00
For loss of oorn on hand of the crop of 1811, say
100 bushels, at $1    W0 00
Two horses and one mare,at $40 each    120 00
Hogs, say one hundred and fifty head, at $2 50, 375 00
Beef cattle, say four hundred head, at $10  4,000 00
Stock cattle, say two hundred head, at $5  1,000 00
Household furniture and plantation tools....... 110 00
Poultry    25 00
#6,080 00
Interest on this amount, atfive per cent, per an-
num, from the 10th May, 1813, to the 26th June,
     6>726 83
Making in all   £12,806 83
Transcript of the account in Humphrey's case, as allowed by
the judge.
Farming utensils 
Three horses  ^
Destruction ot buildings at the ship-yard  1,« 
One cotton Kin  , JS®
Crops of     }>*K
Crops of    1?00Q
Total    ■ $3,800
By reference to the several items of these ac-
counts and the sums allowed to each, it would
seem that they were but fair and just and reason-
able, and within the ruling current market prices
at the time. Judge Bronson, in reporting his
opinion in Ferreira's casein 1851* in reference to
this question, said:
" That on the invasion of the country-by the patriots and
American troops in March, 1812, and the time they laid
siege to St. Augustine, he, like other inhabitants of the
country, was obliged to abandon lus place of residence, and
his property there and in that vicinity, and take refuge in
St. Augustine, and that during the time that the American
troops arid patriots remained m the province and between
the 17th March, 1812, and 10th May, 1813, (when the Uni-
ted States troops finally evacuated the province,) his place
was frequently visited by parties of patriots and American
troops j that his cattle and hogs were driven on and used
