1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
maintain that the duties of religion and moralitytranscend
those which result hom constitutions and treaties;' and m
exposing and denouncing the veiy doctrine now known as
the highei law, lie doclaied that 'no man can vindicate a
breach of the Constitution by setting up the standaid of a
different law for his own government.' in support of this,
he brought to bear that eloquence which was heard, by
political friend and opponent, with such delight. His plea
was for the maintenance of the Federal compact; for a
manifestation of the spirit in which it was made ; and as
violations ot this spirit, he held up the words then ficely
used against slaveholders. Almost all the epithets of vitu-
peration which the language affords, he said, 'have been
applied to the slaveholders and their principles—to the prin-
ciples of Washington and Jcffei&on and Madison and the
Rutledges and Pinekneys, and the thousands of othei great
and estimable persons who have held or yet hold slaves.'
He pointed to the portraits of Hancock and Washington,
which £ung in the hall, and said :
" £Let us imagine an interview between them, in the com-
pany of friends, just after one had signed the commission
for the other—and in ruminating on the lights and fchadows
of futurity, Hancock should have said, " I congratulate my
country on the choice she has made, and I foresee that the
laurels you gamed in the lield ol Braddock's deleat will be
twined by those which will be earned by you in the war of
Independence; yet sucli are the prejudices in my pai t of the
Union against slavery, that although your name andt-ei-
vices may screen you from oppiobrium during your life,
your countrymen, when the willows weep over your tomb,
will be bianded by mine as men-stealeis and murderers,
and the stain of it consequently annexed to your memory."
Would not such a piophecy have been imputed to a biain
disturbed by public cares, and its accomplishment regarded
as a mere chimeia?5
u SSuch was the patriotic sentiment which the Boston of
1835 applauded. Mr. Otis accurately delineated the poison-
ous cast of the seed which the Abolitionists were then sow-
ing, and which, to-day, has sprung up into a fruitful ciop
of treason and murder. Shame that public meetings held
shere should justify a slave t evolt! Shame that clergymen
should foo far foiget what is due to fidelity to the Constitu-
tion and the laws, under which they enjoy the priceless
boon of security, as to pronounce from their desks with
respect the name of a criminal who wantonly violated them,
and who, if he could, would have desolated Virginia with
fire and swoid !''
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is it not a shame
that such should be the fact? I have had this
extract read for the purpose of letting the House
understand that at that day, fifteen years after the
Missouri compromise, the country, instead of
having peace, was deeply agitated; and Faneuil
Hall had again to speak out m favor of the Union
and the country. It was on that occasion, at a
time when we are told all over the country that
this great measure brought healing on its wings,
that the people of Boston again assembled in the
name of patriotism, and that their great man of
that day addressed them in the language I ha\e
had read. And yet, mv countrymen, yet, Mr.
Cleik, and gentlemen of the House, even after the
sacrifice that had been exacted from u* by the
Missouri compromise,we wen1, at that eorly day,
the common theme of vituperation. And the
memory of Washington himself was not even
spared. Every epithet that could be invented
was then applied to us, according to this unmis-
takable testimony.
Well, sir, this was in the year 1835. Boston
then spoke. Boston poured out her strains of
patriotic eloquence in behalf of the Union and the
country. Did it bring us peace? Did it allay the
heart-burnings that existed? No, no, the agita-
tion—I want gentlemen to understand—continued
still, notwithstanding this attempt to allay it. It
continued until the Twenty-Sixth Congress, when
the Halls of Congress, in both Houses, were over-
whelmed with petitions on the subject of slavery.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman yield
for the purpose of taking a vote for Speaker ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Oh, no, my dear
sir. I want to finish, and I desire to go on now,
to prevent the mischief that may result from a
vote. I am obliged to you. I say, this agitation
continued, memorials poured into both Houses of
Congress, until Mr. Adams himself, on one occa-
sion, presented a petition praying for a dissolution
of the Union.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I hope the gentleman
will not continue lus remarks until oidcr is re-
stored in the Hall, so that gentlemen can hear what
he is saying.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I should hope,
when I have extended so much courtesy to others,
the courtesy of hearing what T have to say would
be extended to me. Of course, I desire gentlemen
to hearme. If there are some gentlemen here who
do not care to hear me, there are others who do
desire to hear what I have to say. [Cries of "Go
on! we want to hear you."] I say that a petition
was presented by John Glumcy Adams, ex-Prcs-
ident of the United States, and u member of Con-
gress from the State of Massachusetts, asking for
a dissolution of the Union. You all know, at
least all of us who are familiar with the history
of that day, know the deep and profound excite-
ment which immediately occurred. A motion
was made bearing directly upon him, and one of
the most remarkable political .controversies upon
the floor of the House of Representatives that
perhaps ever existed in any legislative body was
the consequence and the result. Sir, there was a
strong disposition to deal harshly with the old gen-
tleman—to impeach him, to drive him from the
Hall; but he made a glorious fight of it;lie stood
here and battled before the assembled wisdom of
the .country, with a perseverance and power that
I, at least, have never seen surpassed.
I was here then^not as a member, but as "a
looker on in Vienna;5' and, sir, his successful
vindication of himself, so far as it was a success,
was founded upon his eminent ability and in that
respect which we all insensibly feel for distin-
guished services and venerable age. I will not
go into the peculiar circumstances of that day.
Suffice it to say that there was an adjustment of the
question and it passed quietly from the considera-
tion of the House, it being understood—at least, I
so understood at the time, and perhaps there may
be some evidence of it-—that he would not longer
offend the feelings of the South by the presenta-
tion of offensive memorials. I mention this be-
cause I desire to have it understood that it was
in consequence of the agitation and of the multi-
plication of these memorials at that day that the
celebrated 21st rule was established. That rule
was established for the purpose of securing re-
pose and giving us peace. Every day a memo-
rial was presented, and every day an inflamma-
tory speech was made; and the 21st rule was
introduced for the purpose of putting down this
agitation, Who resisted it? Not the &outh. No,
the South desired to end the agitation and to have
peace and repose; but it interfered with the and- :
slavery sentiment of the country. The North
wanted memorial after memorial to be poured m
here, and every memorial to be followed by an
inflammatory speech at the expense of the re-
pose, the peace, and the quiet of the. country.
That was the origin, that, the history of the
21st rule; but instead of bringing us peace, it
was a new " apple of discord" to the country.
The baeied light of petition was said to be in-
vaded. It was m vain that gentlemen upon this
side of the House said, " Why, gentlemen, your
memorials bearing upon a subject not within the
scope of our constitutional powers, ought not, of
course, to be received. What is the use of our
Constitution, what the use of the limitation on
our powers if the time of the House is to be occu-
pied, and its business and duties are to be inter-
fered with by the introduction of matters foreign
to our functions?" It was in vain that Mr. Wise,
then a member of the House, introduced this pre-
cedent to which I call attention, and which I will
ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
i{Mr. Win: ftaid ho wis-hed to read from the Journals of
1800 an authority winch he thought would settle the minds,
ot the mcmbets of this Hon'-e, and stop the debate. lie
would call the paiticular attention of gentlemen icpre ent-
mg the uou-^laveholdnig States io the action of the lathers
ol the Constitution on thi-i vciy question. He would read
from the Journals of the Fifth and Fixth Congresses, from
1797 to 1801:
'"Upon the 2d of January, 1800, Mi. Wall, of Pennsyl-
vania, presented a petition iiom Absalom Jones and others
people of color and fieemeu, witlnn the city and uibiubs of
Philadelphia, "complainingthatthe «lave trade to the coast
of Guinea is earned on in a clandestine manner fioin the
United State; that freemen of color aie seized, fetteied,
and sold a* flavc*, in various paits of the country; that the
law not long since enacted by Congress, called the fugitive
bill, is, in its execution, attended with circumstances pccu-
liaiiy hard and distressing, and stating further, that, although
they do not ask for the immediate emancipation of ail vvlio
aie now in unconditional bondage m those States, tliey
humbly de^ue that Congre^ may exeiteveiy mean in then-
power to undo the heav\ biml'-n,'"'y &o.
« Mark («aid Mr. W.) the humility of this petition; it i>
far less objectionable than the abolition p"titions of the
piesent day. { They humbly desne that Congie«> may
exeit evei y raeanm their power to undo the heavy burden^,
and prepare the way for the oppressed to go iree,that every
voke may be broken.'
"I ask attention (continued Mi. W.) to the proceeding
on this petition:
<£ • A motion was made and seconded that the House do
come to the following resolution, to wit:
< Resolvol, That so much (if the petition as relates to
the laws of the United States respecting the slave trade
from the United States to any foreign place or eountiy, and
the laws respecting fugitives from justice and pers-on* e? rap-
ing from the service of their masters^ be referred to the com-
mittee appointed, On the 12th day of December last, to in-
quhe whether any, and if any, what alterations ought to
be made in the law entitled « An act to prohibit the carrying
on the slave trade from the United States to anyibreign
place or eountiy."
"£And, debate arising thereupon, an adjournment was
called for.'
"Thus far (continued Mr. W.) on the 2d of January, 1500.
Then they adjourned. On the next day {the House re-
sumed the consideration of the motion, depending yester-
day, for the reference of certain parts' of the petition of
Al>salom Jones and others; whereupon, a motion was made
(by a gentleman of the North, although that does not Ap-
pear on the Journals, yet I liaVe a history of the whole
matter) to amend the same by adding," aud that parts of
the said petition which invite Congress to legislate upon a
subject from which the General Government is precluded
by the Constitution, have a tendency to create disquiet and
jealousy, and ought therefore to receive no encouragement
or countenance hom this House."'"
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Mr. Clerk, I have
read this authority for the purpose of showing
that the position I have stated was vindicated by a
precedent. The whole House of Representatives,
m the year 1800, with a single exception, voted ,to
cxclude that memorial, upon the ground that it
embraced subjects not within the constitutional
scope of the powers of this House. That single
exception was George Thatcher. I know not
where he was from, but I have no doubt he was
from "down East." There were eighty-five
affirmative votes to one negative. And how did
Mr. Adams, that grave, venerable, intellectual
gentleman, meet it?
" Mr. Adams. And the mountain was delivered of Iiis
mouse."
That is the way in which that able man met
a precedent in 18"00, covering the very point in
• discussion between these gentlemen. I want the
House to understand, the ground up'on which we
sustained the propriety of the 21st rule, and also
the ground upon which that rule was opposed.
The Opposition sought to introduce into the con-
sideration of the subject matter outside of the Con-
stitution, whilst we adhered to the matter and
obligations of the Constitution. We showed that
our position was right by the deliberate action of
the House of Representatives, by an almost unan-
imous vote in the year 1800. I hold that that vin-
dication of our position is such a one as cannot
be met by an answer. But, sir, agitation con-
tinued, and it brought forth some of the most ex-
traordinary doctrines ever enunciated in this Hall.
I call attention to these doctrines because it will
be perceived that in them we find a key to much
of the subsequent agitation in which the country
has been involved.
Mr. Adams himself, in that celebrated debate,
enunciated the doctrine that, if a servile insurrec-
tion should be gotten up in the slave States, that
if by any possibility a servile war could be en-
gendered, then the Federal Constitution couldgive
power to the Federal Government over the subjcct
of slavery; that then the Federal Government
would have the right to put an end to the institu-
tion of slavery. I want the country to understand
this extraordinary doctrine, because it is the un-
hesitating avowal, by an eminent man, of the most
dangerous doctrine, which has been observed and
respected by others, and of which the foray of
John Brown is but an illustration. I want the
country to know that the object of many in this
country is to excite a servile insurrection, in order
that they may call upon the Federal Government
to suppress it, and in that way to acquire a con-
stitutional power over the existence of the insti-
tution of slavery. Such was the doctrine of Mr.
Adams. On the 9th of June, 1841,Mr. Ingersoll,
commenting on what Mr. Adams had said, said:
"Mr. I. went on to express Ills astonishment ami horror
at what llad fallen from the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr Adams] the other day when speaking on this subject,
lie understood tho gentleman as saying that, in the event
of a servile war breaking out in the South, thorn would be
an end of the Constitution. He would be glad to know
whether he (Mi. I.) had understood lnni.
'•'Mr. Adams rose and said: It the gentleman wished him
to repeat what he had said, lie had no hesitation in saying
that he had said no sneh thing as that, in that event, there
would be an end ol the Constitution of the United States.
What he had said was, that in the event ot a servile war,
lus own opinion would be that if the tiee portion of the
people of this Union were ealled upon to support the insti-
tutions of the South by suppressing the slaves, and a servile
warm consequence of it, m that case lie would not say
that Comrrcs;; had no right to interfere with the institutions
of tho f outh; that the very fact perhaps, of the free por-
tion of this Union being called to sacrifice their blood and
their tieasuu* for Lh.j purpose of suppressing war m a easts
in which a most distinguished southern man. the author of
