1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2217
Mr. NOELL. That is not in order.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I cannot accept that
Resolution now. I have no doubt the House will
adopt some such resolution when we have fixed
the day for final adjournment.
The SPEAKER. Is the motion to lay upon
the table withdrawn?
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw the motion to
lay upon the tabic.
Mr. KUNKEL. Is it in order to offer an
amendment to a resolution which is being voted
on under a demand for the previous question?
The SPEAKER. The amendment "was ac-
cepted as a modification of the original resolution.
Mr. KUNKEL. I have objected to any such
understanding as that.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Then the amend-
ment being objected to by the gentleman from
Maryland^ it could not be received, and is not,
therefore, before the House.
The SPEAKER. The objection was not heard
by the Chair at the time, or else he would have
recognized it.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. My point of order is this: that a
resolution upon which the previous question has
been called cannot be amended by the consent of
the mover of the resolution if objection be made.
Objection was made in this case by the gentleman
from Maryland.
Mr. KUNKEL. Yes, sir, I did object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The Chair has already stated
that no objection was heard at the time to the
modification of the resolutions. [Cries of u Ques-
tion !" " Question!"]
Mr. KUNKEL. 1 make objection now.
The SPEAKER. Objection comes too late.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I rise to this ques-
tion of order: the resolution, as it has been mod-
ified, has never been read to the House.
Mr.' UNDERWOOD. I call the gentleman to
order. He cannot hold, the floor and make point
of order after point of order.
The SPEAKER The gentleman is going on
to state a point of order, his previous point hav-
ing been overruled, and he is in order. The gen-
tlema n, however, cannot state more than one point
of order at a time. [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The gentleman
from Georgia has not all his ears about him this
morning; and it is quite as essential that there
should be ears here as well as judgment. There
was one point of order raised, and it was decided
adversely, and I have no doubt properly. I al-
ways defer to the judgment of the Chair. That
decision being adverse, I now raise this point of
order: that the resolution now before the House
has never been read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will have the
resolution road now.
ThcCterk read theresolutionasitwasmodified,
providing for the final adjournment of the House
on the Ibth proximo.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The resolution
being befoie the House, 1 object to it.
The SPEAKER* Objection comes too late.
Mr. M1LLSON. I move that the resolution be
laid upon the table; and on that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. KUNKEL demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hatton
and Gooch were appointed.
Mr. MiLLSON withdrew his motion to lay
upon the table, and demanded the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 126, nays 55; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles P. Adam*, Grepn Adam*, Ad-
ram. Aldnch, Al'en, Alley, Thomas L. Andeison, William
C. Anderson, A limorc," Avery, Babbitt, Barr, Barren,
Bealc, Bingham, Blake, Boteler, Boyec, Brabson, Branch,
Brajton. Hujjy*, Bn^tow, Buffinton, Burnet!, Burnlidm,
Biuterllcld, Cai^yjC.uier, Horace F. Clark, John B.Claik,
Clopton. Claik B. Cochrane, Conkling, Jame* Craig, Bur-
ton Crai <', Ciawford, Cuny, H Winter Davis, Joint G.
T)avi*, D.iwcs, Delano, Duel), Ed<rerton, Edwards, Eliot,
Fenton, f'Vrrv, Frank, French, Gartrell, Gooch, Graham,
Hamilton, fhmlmian, J. Moiriaon Harris, John T. Harris,
llswkin, Hickman. Hill, Holman, Houston, William A.
llowatd. Hughes, Humphrey, Huiehms, Jackson,Jenkins,
Junkm, Knit. Lartabee, DfWm Leach, L^e. Logan,
liOomii-. Love, Lov<*joy, Mueiay,Mallory, McQueen, Mc-
Rae, Montgomery, Laban T. Moore. Sydenham Mooie,
Morrill, Isaac N. Morris, Nixon, Noell, Olm, Perry, Pey-
ton, Porter, Potter, Ciuarlcs, Reagan, "Reynolds, Rice,
Rlgi?s, Christopher Robinson, Jamea C. Robinson, Royce,
Rufiiri, Sedgwick, Sherman, Sickles, Singleton, William
Smith, William N. H. Smith, Stanton, Stokes, Tappan,
Thomas, Tram, Underwood, Vance, Van Wyek, Wade,
Waldron, Walton, Ellihu B. Wa&hburne, Israel Washburn,
Webster, Weils, Wilson, Woodruff', and Wright—126.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Bocock, Burch, Campbell, Cobb,
John Cochrane, Colfax, Covode, Cox. Curtis, Dunn, Ely,
Etheridse, Florence, Foster, Gilmer, Grow, Hatton, Hel-
mick, Hoard, Irvine, Francis W. Kellogg, Kilgore, Kun-
ke!, James M. Leach, Longtieeker, Charles D. Martin,
Maynard, MeKnight, McPherson, Milisoir, Moorhead,
Edward Joy Morris, NeJaon, Pcttit, Pottle, Pryor, Rust,
Schwartz, Scott, Seranton, Somes, Spinner, StaBworth,
Stevenson, James A. Stewart, William Stewart, Stout,
Stratton, Theaker, Tompkins, Trimble, Vandever, Wm-
dom, and Winslow —55.
So the resolution was adopted.
During the vote,
Mr. CASE said; I am paired for to-day and
to-morrow with my colleague, Mr. Niblack. If
I were not paired, 1 would not vote for this'or any
resolution like it, until we know what we have
got to do, and what the Senate will do with what
we have done.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE stated that he voted
in the negative, because he wanted an earlier day.
Mr. POTTLE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Palmer, who was called home by illness in his
family, was paired for the whole of this week
with Mr. English.
Mr. FOSTER stated that the House had not
discharged the business for which it assembled,
and he must therefore vote in the negative.
Mr. SINGLETON stated that his colleague,
Mr. Barksdale, had been confined to his'room
by illness for three or four days; and that his col-
league, Mr. Davis, was also confined to his room
by illness.
Mr. FRANK stated that his colleague, Mr.
Spaulding, was paired with Mr. Garnett for a
week from this day.
The vote was announced, as above recorded.
Mr. MONTGOMERY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LIVINGSTON, KINKEAD & CO.
Mr. BRIGGS. I move that the Committee of
the Whole House be discharged from the further
consideration of Senate bill No.C9,for the relief
of Livingston, Kinkead & Co.
There was no objection.
Mr. BRIGGS demanded the previous question
on the third reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. BRIGGS demanded the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question wns ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. BRIGGS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a privi-
leged question.
Mr. STANTON. When the bill for the relief
of Livingston, Kinkead & Co. was declared to be
passed, more than forty men were upon the floor
demanding the yeas and nays. I submit that le-
gislation cannot be done m this way. I know
something of the bill, and that it has no business
here. Nobody heard the bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I want to announce
to the House and the country that here a bill has
been put through without one member in twenty
knowing what was going on, or what the bill is.
The bill was not read. I do not know what it is.
If it be received as law, i want the country to
know how it was passed. Such a system of le-
gislation as this never before was heard of in this
or any other country.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I want to
move to suspend the rules for the purpose of
taking up the river and harbor bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Does the Chair
announce that the Kinkead bill has passed this
House under the rules?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no embar-
rassment whatever on the subject.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The Chair knows
that the House did not know what it was doing;.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot help that.
This bill was put through in no different way
from other bills. The Chair has announced that
the bill was passed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed.
The SPEAKER. That motion has already
been made, and laid upon the table.
Mr. TOMPKINS. It is a bill which ought
not to have passed this House.
Mr.SHERMAN. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I ask the Clerk to read a clause of the
Constitution.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Each House shall keep a Journal of Its proceedings,
and from time to time publish the same, excepting sueh
parts as may, in their judgment, require feecreey; and tile
yeas and nays of the mem^eis of either House on any ques-
tion shall,at the desiie oione fifth oi those present,"be en-
tered on the Journal."
Mr. SHERMAN. I can say, in ail truth-and
candor, that I heard more than, one fifth of the
members of this House demand the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill,and I think, there-
fore, that they ought to be granted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair assures the
House that he knows nothing about the bill, and
he desires that a proper course shall be pursued
in the passage of all bills. If it is the desire of
the House that this bill shall be put upon its pas-
sage by yeas and nays, the Chair will pat the
question. 1 hope that course will be pursued.
Mr. BRIGGS (who had just returned to the
House) said: i learn that objection has been
made to the passage of this bill in the manner in
which it was passed. If there is any objection,
I have no objection to retracing our steps. I had
no desire to gag the voice of any gentleman upon
this floor. A more meritorious case than this
never came before this House, i am willing that
the yeas and nays shall be called upon the pas-
sage of the bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. What is the course
proposed to be pursued?
The SPEAKER. It is to have the bill read and
put upon its passage.
Mr. BRIGGS. This bill has passed the Sen-
ate three times unanimously, after full discus-
sion. "
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House t© take from the table
the motion to reconsider, which was laid there.
Then we can take up the motion, and retrace our
steps in order.
No objection was made to taking from the table
the motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the bill.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to anything being
done until gentlemen take their Beats, and order
is restored.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Mr. Speaker—
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's request has
been granted already, and the subject is open for
another vote, as the gentleman desires.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will state what I
desire. If the circumstances vitiate what some
Si>y was done, I desire that the bill shall occupy
now precisely the position which it occupied when
it was first introduced, [cries of " No." No!"]
and that it may be open to objection.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia will perceive that to grant his request would
not be right, because the question was put by the
Chair, " Is there any objection to the considera-
tion of the bill?" and there was no response.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky is precisely right, and the object is now to
put the bill upon its passage, so that no gentleman
may entertain the impression that the bill was
hastily put to the House, and that they had not
an opportunity to vote considerately upon it
Mr. STANTON. I understand that the mo-
tion to reconsider has been taken from the table,
and the question is now upon reconsidering the
vote by which the bill was passed. That ques-
tion is debatable, and I desire to say a few words
in reference to this case. My attention was called
to the report, and I find the facts to be simply
these: Livingston, Kinkead & Co., were mer-
chants in Salt Lake City, and a member of the firm
was traveling in a stage from Salt Lake City to
Missouri. Upon the way, the Indians assailed
