1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
taining increased service where it had been dimin-
ished; cases that I knew came within the rule;
cases where I have no doubt the Postmaster Gen-
eral will restore the service; but still there is
another class of cases, not quite so clear and dis-
tinct in their merit, where the Postmaster Gen-
eral might retain the service when he would not
put it on jf you left it in his discretion whether he
Would put it on or not. I think I was on one
committee of conference, and, if I understood the
views of committee of conference on the part of
this body, the House has sent us an amendment
that would have been satisfactory to us at that
time. I so understand it, and they having come
to that point which would have been satisfactory
to the Senate then, I think we had better take the
House amendment, and thus settle the question
entirely. That is my judgement.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I- hope the Sen-
ate will agree to the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Florida. It is an approach to a
compromise between the two Houses. 1 hope it
will bring about a committee of conference, where
we can agree upon a bill. I am perfectly satis-
fied that if the Senate agree to the proposition of
the Senator from Florida, if the House do not
agree to it, that in a committee of conference we
can agree on such an amendment, and report to
the two Houses, as will save the bill. Therefore,
I hope this amendmentwill be adopted. We are
at a point where the two Houses can agree; and
I think, if this amendment is adopted by the Sen-
ate, if the House does not adopt it, we can have a
committee of conference, where we can have an
agreement of the two Houses, and pass the bill.
I therefore hope that this amendment will be
adopted.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I am but
very little acquainted with the details of these Post
Office bills, or with the Post Office. 1 have hardly
ever, in my life, taken any part in any debate
upon any one of them. It seems to mc that we
are busying ourselves too much a great deal about
matters that so few of us understand. The Post
Office Committee, I will hope, do understand it,
for if they do not, I think there is very little chance
of our legislating with any wisdom upon this sub-
ject, judging of others by my own imperfect
knowledge of the subject. Here we have this com-
plexity and perplexity of that which is proposed
to be stricken out, and that which is proposed to
be inserted, dragging its slow length along from
proviso to pro viso, and requiring proviso upon pro-
viso to understand and explain what the draughts-
man means. We had better leave this matter a
great deal to the Postmaster General. He ought
to understand it, and does understand it; and itis
our good fortune now, by the confession of every
one to the right and to the left here, that we have
one who possesses the confidence of the Senate,
and the confidence of the country for his integrity
and capacity. We have some little chance of hav-
ing this miscalculated and misregulated Depart-
ment, of the Government brought into some order,
and into some consistency, if we trust to him; but
every one of us seems disposed to take care of the
little routes, and the little interests in his particu-
lar neighborhood, and we are dragging north,
south, east, and west, every one pulling his little
string, and setting up his little post office, which
to him is all the world, and his neighborhood or
his State.
It would be infinitely better, therefore, if we
have the confidence that we profess to have in the
present Postmaster General, to leave it to him.
I should be glad if any honest man, and espe-
cially to one distinguished for his integrity as well
as his intelligence, would give a sort of dictator-
ship in/espect to this Department, for one year at
least. "If ever a body of men ought to be con-
vinced of their incapacity and incompetency for
this work, the Senate of the United States ought to
be convinced. We have undertaken to managed
department of the Government, and how are we
succeeding ? Why, the Postmaster General tells
you that when he came into office he found these
mail routes from here to California at a cost of
upwards of two million dollars. He has under-
taken, under the pressure of the last year, to re-
duce this service to the country generally; and
while we are complaining of the extravagance
and expenditures of this Department daily, we
are ourselves legislating to keep up post offices,
and to restore every post office which he put
down. You are continually complaining of ex-
travagance, and yet you want to have all the mails
and all the mail remtes continued, and additions
made to them, while you complain that he docs
not also diminish tlie expenses of the Depart-
ment. This is altogether unreasonable. I have
confidence myself in thisPostmasterGeneral. He
has power enough to restore any one that he
thinks ncccssary, and which he was compelled
by the necessities of the Department to put down
last year. Let us leave him to that discretion.
We want the labors and we want the cost of this
Department diminished. We want the service
diminished. That is necessary to the diminution
to any considerable extent, I suppose, of the ex-
penditures. Let us leave this to him. He can
understand the details, I think, a great deal bet-
ter than we can, and can manage it better than
we can.
I am against any more legislative contracts or
legislative directions upon this subject. Better
than all this it would be to lot things stand as he
left them, and let us call upon him for a general
plan and scheme of a proper Department, giving
the proper accommodation to the country, and
yet keeping the Department within our capacity
to maintain it without too greata charge upon the
public. This would be my idea; but we are not
satisfied with that. That is confiding too much
to his discretion. It might not certainly accom-
plish any object which one of us lias in view.
We have very different objects and very diverse
objects, each one attaching to the service which
he wishes continued or established more than its
proper consequence.
In the first place, I shall vote for the amendment
to the amendment, and then 1 shall vote against
that. I shall vote against all legislative contract-
ing or directing of contracts upon this subject,
and leave the Postmaster General to exercise his
proper discretion upon this subject, and hold him
responsible for it. 1 can trust him. I believe in
his integrity, and I believe in his capacity. I
would much sooner trust him, who understands
the subject, than confide in myself, who do not
understand the subject.
Mr. YULEE. My convictions respond en-
tirely and fully to the remarks the Senator from
Kentucky has made. I think itwouM have been
infinitely better for us if we could have brought
the House to concur in the position which the
Senate has heretofore taken upon this question,
and stricken out all legislation upon this subject
which attempts to coerce the Department into a
restoration of the service which it hasdeclared to
us had been curtailed because it was found to be
unnecessary; but the amendment that 1 have of-
fered to the proposition from the House is a con-
cession which has been forced from us in the
endeavor so far to yield to the picssing claims
and demands of the House, and, if possible, to
enable the Government, by the passage of this
appropriation bill, to discharge its just obligations
to the creditors of the Government who are pro-
vided for in this bill.
The Senator from Kentucky was not present,
I believe, when I stated that the real question in-
volved in the appropriation bill now before us is
one of good faith to creditors. It is a bill that pro-
vides appropriations for the payment of past ser-
vices for a fiscal year nearly exhausted, without
which we must fail in pecuniary engagements and
duties to the English Government for several hun-
dred thousand dollars, and to the manufacturers
of paper, of mail-bags, envelopes and stamps, who
have supplied us, and to postmasters and clerks
for compensation, and to mail contractors for the
transportation of the mails. All tins must belaid
over to another year, to their great injury, without
injuring the public service, for we have already
provided appropriations foi the next year, if this
bill fails, and, from the persistent demands of the
House, we feared it might fail unless some con-
cessions were made. We have gone to the very
verge of what we thought we might properly do.
But we have done this thing, and 1 think the Sen-
ator from Kentucky will concur in it: we have
left to the discretion of the Department all that is
to be done to restore what he thinks the public
interests require to be restored, and no more; to
pay for service done upon curtailed routes only
where, in his opinion, it was done in good faith
iand for the public benefit. It is all left to him j
and therein is the difference .between-the propo-
sition of the House and that of the Senate.
The Senator from Maine has thought I was
mistaken when I said that the amendment sent to
us from the House was substantially what they
had heretofore all the while demanded. Undoubt-
edly it is so. They peremptorily—and ther'e i^
the point—restored all the discontinued or cur-
tailed service, and placed it where it was in the
beginning, on the 4th of March last. It is true
that the amendment now sent recognizes the
power of-the Department to d^eontinue again or
to curtail again; but does the Senator suppose
that any executive officer who had a due respect
and regard for the legislative department of the
Government, when-he had communicated to that
department the reasons of his action,and they had
setaside those reasons asinsufficient,and restored
without inquiry all the service he had curtailed,
would curtail or discontinue again for the same
causes? Certainly not. The amendment,there-
fore, upon that point, stands substantially whefe
it was before. It also peremptorily reqmros the
Postmaster General to pay for service done upon
all curtailed or discontinued routes,although that
service may have been done in direct violation
and contempt of the orders of the Department, in
collusion with the postmasters. I am right,-there-
fore, in saying that the amendment as it came
from the House stands substantially whore it did
before.
It is true, as the Senator from Kentucky-has
said, that it is an awkward, crude piece-of legis-
lation, dragging its slow length aloiig, with-pro-
viso upon proviso, unintelligible to one who has
not threaded its mazes through all this session;
but it was because in the attempt, on the part of
the House, to accommodate it to all interests,
they were obliged to make proviso upon proviso
to suit everybody's case; and, in endeavoring to
frame something that might be taken by the
House as a substitute for their own legislation,
we have been obliged to follow in their tortuous
and devious ways. I am sure I should be -per-
fectly willing to join the Senator from Iientuoky
in an absolute and peremptory refusal to ingraft
this foreign legislation upon an appropriation biU;
but as it seemed to. be the only opportunity by
which we can obtain the passage of the appropri-
ation bill at all, I was willing to show to the coun-
try that, on the part of this body, we were .willing
to go to the very verge of what we eoutd persuade
ourselves to be within -any tolerable principle
proper to govern our legislation, I shall be per-
fectly willing that the substitute I offer shall ,be
rejected, as well as that of the House; but if we
are to concede anything, I think it better to con-
cede what I have proposed than what the House
demands.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, it occurs to me
that the proposition of the committee covers, per-
haps, a proper ground for adjustment. This has
not been a case entirely free of difficulty from the
beginning. There was some reason for this dif-
ference of opinion. For myself, sir, I never for a
moment entertained the idea that Congress should
attempt to exercise the discretions which were by
law vested in the Post Office Department. We
have seen enough here, I think, to satisfy the
Senate and the country that Congress would ex-
ercise those discretions most unfortunately. It
therefore never caused mc a thought as to what
was right, as to what we should do, in reference to
the amendment from the House, because it was,
in fact, an arbitrary restoration of service which
the Postmaster General, in the exercise of what
he doubtless regarded a sound discretion, had cut
down. He had reduced service which he thought
it his duty to reduce under all the circumstances.
The House of Representatives required that that
service should be restored, and, as the proviso
stood originally, there seemed to be no discretion.
I maintain there was no discretion left in the Post-
master General. The proviso was emphatic that
the service should be restored to what it was prior
to the reduction. He could not hold that a res-
toration for a day or a week or a month would
be meeting the demands of the law. This pro-
viso further provided that the restoration should
be made except in cases where the contract had
expired, making it clear that the Postmasler Gen-
eral would be obliged to hold that the restoration
