1274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
by them j that his horses were also taken, his growing
crops of corn and potatoes of that year destroyed, his house
burned, and everything on his place plundered or de-
stroyed.
" The Jfrct that he suffered these losses and injuries by
the operations of the American troops in East Florida, and
that he was, from being in good and comfortable circum-
stances, reduced to a state of ruin and beggary in conse-
quence thereof, and the particular amount or extent of the
losses, will more fully appear by the evidence in the case;
and without detailing it more minutely, but referring to the
depositions accompanying this decision and award, I pro-
ceed to state that 1 consider the following items or allow-
ances sustained by the proofs in the case; premising, how-
ever, that in this as in other cases, in estimating the value
of property at that period, I am governed not alone by the
proofs in this particular case, but the general testimony of
many intelligent witnesses in a great many cases of the iike
kind, heretofore decided and reported to the Secretary of
the Treasury, showing the general market value of corn,
cattle, hogs, horses, and other property in this portion of
the province of East Florida at that period."
Mr. President, without multiplying citations
upon this point, I will only add that, from the
most reliable sources of information, we are not
only authorized in saying, but a sense of justice
compels us to say, that these judges, in the dis-
charge of their duties m the adjudication of these
claims, appear to have been actuated by the strict-
est regard to the interests of the Government as
well as to the rights of the claimants.
But it has been suggested further, if not directly
asserted, that the aggregate amount of property
alleged to have been destroyed, and us allowed by
the judges, amounting to some eleven hundied
thousand dollars, indicates a larger amount of
wealth and population in that section of Florida
than actually existed there at that time. Sir, it is
a familiar historical fact that East Florida, at that
time, contained more wealth, if not more popula-
tion, ajid was generally in a more prosperous con-
dition, than at any period before or since. A
variety of causes, some of them special and tem-
porary, contributed to this result. The distracted
state of affairs in all the European Governments—
for this was at a time when Napoleon stood on
the necks of half the potentates in Europe; our
own hostile relations with Great Britain; our em-
bargo and non-intercourse acts; the fineand health-
ful climate of Florida; her liberal grants of lands;
the high price of her staple productions; and above
all, her neutral position, at that time, affording
uncommon facilities for an extensive and lucra-
tive commerce, invited gentlemen of wealth and
enterprise to that province; not only from the ad
joining States, but from England, and other por-
tions of Europe. All these causes contributed
largely to the growth in wealth, population, and
prosperity of Florida, at that period of time. For
a more full and detailed account of the condition
of East Florida at that period, I will only refer
Senators to Forbes's History of East Florida,
published in 1821, where they will filid a minute,
accurate, reliable description of its commerce,
its wealth, its population, its resources, its staple
productions, &c. Sir, those who will inform them-
selves in reference to the true condition of East
Florida at that time, will require no further an-
swer to the captious and unfounded suggestion
that the aggregate property in East Florida at that
period of time did not warrant the finding of the
sum of $3,100,000 as the total valuation of the
property destroyed by our troops. So far from
it, sir, 1 entertain no manner of doubt that this
sum falls short, very far short, of the actual in-
juries sustained.
But, Mr. President, I will detain the Senate no
longer in this discussion. I have but endeavored
to discharge a duty, an unwelcome duty, I am
obliged to say, assigned me by the committee of
which I am a member, in the investigation and
discussion of this case. How imperfectly I have
performed that duty 1 am but too well aware. I
confess that I came to the examination of this case
with my propossessions strongly adverse to it. I
had never examined it; 1 did not understand it.
By some sort of vague and indefinite impression,
I had been accustomed to associate it with the old
u Florida war claims," which are regarded in the
public mind with so much disfavor. When, how-
ever, as a member of the committee to which it
was referred, I was specially charged with its in-
vestigation, and after as.careful and thorough an
examinationinto the origin and nature and found-
ation of these claims, as my limited time would
admit, I was irresistibly led to the conclusion 
yes, sir, to the clear conviction—that they were
not only just and equitable, but that this Gov-
ernment was bound, by every consideration of
honor, of justice, and of national good faith to pay
them.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not wish, Mr. Presi-
dent, to enter into any discussion as to the merits
of this claim; but I simply desire to justify myself
in relation to a citation that I made from the de-
cision of the Supreme Court the other day, to
which I referred from memory, and in which I
find my memory was more accurate than that of
the Senator from Georgia. This very question
in relation to the decision of the amount due to the
claimants under the Florida treaty came before
the Supreme Court of the United States in Fer-
reira's case; and, if I understand that decision, it
covers several of the points which the Senator from
Georgia still argues as open questions. The Su-
preme Court, after determining that the act of Con-
gress which imposed upon the judges of Florida
the d-uty of examining into the amout of these
claims, imposed that duty upon them not as courts,
but upon the judges as commissioners, proceeds
to state:
" It is too evident for argument on the subject, that
such a tribunal is not a judicial one, and that the act of
Congress did not intend to make it one. The authority
conterred on the respective judges was nothing more than
that of a commissioner to adjust certain claims agamstthe
United States ; and the office of judges, and their respect-
ive jurisdictions, are refcired to in the law merely as a des-
ignation of the peisons to whom the authority is confided,
and the teiritorial limits to which it extends. The decision
is not the judgment of a couit of justice. It is the award
of a commissioner. The act of 1834 calls it ail award. And
an appeal to this couit from such a decision, by s>uch an
authority, from the judgment of a court of reooid, would be
an anomaly in the history of jurisprudence. An appeal
might as well have been taken from the awards ot the
boaicl of commissioners under the Mexican treaty, which
woie recently sitting m this city.
" Nor can we see any ground for objection to the power
of tevision and control given to the Secietary of the Treas-
uiy. When the United States consent to submit the adjust-
ment of claims against them to any tribunal, they have a
Uglu to proscribe the conditions on which they will pay.
And they had a right, therefore, to make the approval of tiie
award by the Secietary of the Treasury one of the condi-
tions upon which they would agice to be liable. No claim,
theiefote, is due from the United States until it is sanctioned
by him ; and his decision against the claimant forthe whole
oi a part of a claim, as allowed by the judge, is final and
conclusive. It cannot afterwards be disturbed by an appeal
to this or any other court, or in any other way, without the
authority of an act of Congress."
The question of the right of these parties to due
process of law, under the treaty, was raised m this
ease and determined:
" It is said, however, on the part of the claimant, that the
treaty icquues that the injured paities should have an op-
portunity of establishing their claims by a pioce^ of law;
that pioccss of law means a judicial proceeding in a couit
of justice; and that the right of supi'i vimou <?ivrn to the .Sec-
iefai.\, over the decision of the district judge, is therefore a
violation of the treaty.
u The eotnt think differently; and that the Government
of this country is not liable to the repioaeh of having broken
its laith with Spam. The tribunals established aic sub-
stantially the same with those usually created, where one
nation agiccs by tieaty to pay debts or damages which may
be found to be due to tiie citizens of another country. This
treaty meant nothing moie than the tribunal and mode of
proceeding ordinarily established on such occasions, and
well known and well understood when treaty obligations
of this description are undertaken. Hut if it weie admit-
ted to be otherwise, it is a questiQn between Spain and that
depaitment of the Government which is charged with our
foreign relations, and with which the judicial bianch has
no concern."
Again the court says, and it strikes me with
very great force when I hear gentlemen argue in
relation to the conclusiveness of these adjudica-
tions of the judges in Florida:
« Tf the judicial bianch ot the Government had nought to
look into the construction of the tieaty in thih luspect, and
was oi opinion that it required a judicial pioceedmg. and
that the power given to the Seeretaiy was void as m viola-
tion of that tieaty, it would haidlv stiengthen the case of
the claimant on tin-* appeal. Forthe piocoedmgs before the
judge are as little judicial in their character as that before
the tSccietary. And it his decisions aie void on that account,
the derisions of the nidge are open to the sainc objections;
and neither the principal nor interest, nor anv pair of this
claim, could be paid at the Treasuiy. Forifthe tribunal is
unauthorized, the awards are of no value."— The United
States vs. Ferreira, 13 Howards Reports, pp. -17, 48.
It strikes me, therefore, Mr. President, that in
examining the question of our duty to pay these
claimants, we must take the whole body of judges
or commissioners, as we may choose to call them,
established by Congress either in one sense or in
the other. We cannot speak of the commissioners
below as judges, and then of the Secretary of the
Treasury as a commissioner. If the Secretary of
theTreasury was a commissioner, then the judges
below were commissioners. If the actiou"of the
judges below was the action of judicial officers, of
a special tribunal created forthe purpose of sat-
isfying the Government in relation to the amount
of claims actually due, then the Secretary of the
Treasury was also a judicial officer for that pur-
pose. The act of Congress, in other words, if T
understand this judgment of the Supreme Court,
is fairly thus interpreted: a tribunal was to be
created under this treaty which was to adjudge
these questions. Congress created that tribunal;
it created that tribunal in accordance with the well-
recognized principles of the law of nations, and
in accordance with the well-established usage un-
der treaties of this character; the tribunal estab-
lished was, first a commissioner below to exam-
ine the matter, and secondly the Secretary of the
Treasury as an appellate tribunal to revise his
decision. This appellate tribunal was directed to
make payments to carry into effect the judgments
rendered by theinferiortribunal,iffoundto be just
and equitable, and not otherwise. Upon the ques-
tion whether this appellate tribunal—to wit, the
Secretaryofthe Treasury—hadany judicial power,
any discretion, any right of investigating the judg-
ments rendered below, the Secretaries had some,
doubt. They referred the question to the Attor-
neys General, and every Attorney General whose
opinion I have seen, determined that it was the
duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to examine
the judgment of the commissioner below, and to
pay it if just and equitable, and to rcject it if un-
just and inequitable; and if he thought it partly
just and partly unjust, to pay the part that he
deemed just, and to rejcct the part that he deemed
unjust. All the Attorneys General so determined.
They determined that that was the duty of the
Secretaries of the Treasury; and the Supreme
Court of the United States, in the decision from
which I have read, affirmed these opinions of the
Attorneys General.
Now, what is the case as presented to us-, at
least so far as my mind is affected by these con-
siderations? The ease is this: these claimants had
a tribunal appointed; they presented their claims
before that tribunal; the tribunal, in some cases,
allowed the capital, without interest—for some of
the decisions below were without interest, as ap-
pears on the face of the report—in other cases,
the judges or commissioners below allowed the
claims with interest; in other cases, they allowed
part of the capital and part of the interest. They
exercised a judicial discretion, and did what they
deemed equitable to each claimant. That is the
report of the judges. The Secretaries of the Treas-
ury, in many instances, struck out part of the
capital, and in every instance struck out the in-
terest, on the ground that, in the judgmentofthose
officers, the interest was not due. Now, the hon-
orable gentleman from Vermont, who has just ar-
gued this case, says they gave bad reasons; that
their judgments amount not, in point of fact, to
any judgments at all; that they were the mere ar-
bitrary exercisc of power, because they gave as
a reason for their judgments that it had not been
the usage of the Department to pay interest on
claims against the Government. Some of the
Secretaries undoubtedly gave that as a reason—
and, in my judgment, it was a very insufficient
reason—but other Secretaries have examined the
cases on their merits, and have rtjported to us that,
in their judgment, these claims are not due upon
any grounds of equity or justice by the Govern-
ment. Mr. Secretary Guthrie is emphatic on
that subject. He says that he has examined the
matter, and he does not believe that there is any-
thing due, upon any ground of equity or justice,
by the Government. These claimants have had
the benefit of a tribunal erected for the express
purpose of examining and investigating their
claims. They were originally excluded by the
judgment of that tribunal from the relief allowed
by the ninth article of the treaty, on the groundthat
their cases did not conic within that article. I
have not studied the subject sufficiently to form
a. decided opinion whether their cases did or did
not comc within that article. My impression is
that they did not. I will not, however, argue
that; I will notevenstateadecided opinion upon it.
Mr. TOOMBS. What did the Supreme Court
say in that case from which you have read?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not think they say that
at all. I do not at all interpret their judgment as
the honorable Senator from Georgia does. The
Supreme Court suys that the act of Congiess put
