1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
255
my motion to adjourn; and gentlemen need not
make any appeal to me on the subject.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire 
The CLERK. The Clerk desires to say to the
gentleman from Maine, that the gentleman from
Kentucky refuses to withdraw his motion to ad-
journ. The Clerk desires to say to the gentleman
from Illinois, that if he had propounded his ob-
jection before a response had been made, it would
have been recognized as in time. The call of the
roll has been commenced, and a response having
been made, no motion is in order during the call.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Wc might, by
unanimous consent 
[Cries of Call the roll!"]
Mr. ADRA1JN*. I would inquire from the gen-
tleman from Virginia, how much longer he intends
to occupy in making his speech ? for that will
guide my vote on a motion to adjourn [Cries of
t( Call the roll."] I understood from the gentle-
man that he wishes three hours more to conclude
his speech. If that be so, I will vote to adjourn.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 75, nays 123; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Thomas L. An-
derson, Aveiy, Baiksdale, Banett, Bocock, Bonham, Bot-
eler, Boultgny, Boyoe, Brabson, Branch, Bristow, Burch,
Burnett, Butterfield. John B. Clark, Clopton, Corwin,
Burton Craige, Ciawiord, Curry, Davidson. John G. Davis,
English, Gaitrcll, Hamilton, Hardeman, Hill, I-Iindman,
Houston, Hughes, Jackson, Jones, Keitt, Kunkel. Lamar,
Leake, Love, Elbert S. Martin, Maynard, McClernand,
McQueen, McRae, Miles, Million, Montgomery, Laban T.
Moore, Sydenham Moore, Nelson, Niblack, Noell, Pendle-
ton, Peyton, Pryor, Pugh, Quarles, Reagan, Reynolds, Riggs,
James C. Robinson, Ituffin, Scott, Simms, Singleton, Wil-
liam Smith, James A. Stewart, Stout, Taylor, Thomas,
Underwood, Vance, Winslow, and Wright—75.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrich, Allen, Alley,
William C. Anderson, Ashmore, Baljbiu, Beale, Bingham,
Blair, Blake, ttiayton, Briggs, Buffinton, Buriingame, Burn-
ham, Carey, Case, Cobb, John Cochrane, Colfax, Conkhng,
Cooper, Covode, Cox, Curtis, Reuben Davis, Dawes, Del-
ano, Duell, Dunn, JSdgerton, Edwaid*, Elliot, Ely, Etbcr-
irlgo, Farnswoith, Fenton. Feiry, Foster, Fouko, Fiank,
French, Gilmer, Gooch, Graham, Grow, Gurley, Hale,
Hall, J. Morrison Hams, John T. Harris,Ilaskin* Hatton,
Helmick, Hoard, Holman, Tlowaid, Humphrey, Hutchins,
Irvine, Junkin,Fiaiicis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Ken-
yon, Lairabee, DeWitt C. Leach, James M. Leach, Lee,
Logan, JjOngnecker, Loomis, Lovejoy, Mallory, Marston,
Charles D. Martin, M o Kean, MeKn ight, Moorhead, Mori j 11,
Edward Joy Morris, I&aac N. Moms, Olin, Palmer, Pen-
nington, i'erry, Porter, Pouei, Pottle, Rice, Christopher
Uobm&on, Royce, Schwartz, Scranton, Sherman, William
N. H.Smith, Somes, Spaulding, Spinner, William Stewart,
Stokes, Tappan, Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins, Train, Trim-
ble, VallamUgliam, Vandever, Verree, Wade, Waldron,
Walton, Cadwaladei ('.Washburn, Ellihu B.YVashbume,
Israel Washburn, Webster, Welis, Wilson, Wmdom,
Woodruff, and Woodson—123.
During the vote,
Mr. HILL said ho. should vote for an adjourn-
ment on this motion; but if the House did not
adjourn he should vote against every other mo-
tion to adjourn until Mr. Smith's speech was con-
cluded.
Mr. ICILGORE stated that he had paired with
Mr. Edmundson who desired to go away. If he
had voted at all he should have voted in favor of
adjournment; and as las friend from Virginia was
also averse to desecrating Christmas, he might,
notwithstanding the pair, have .voted. He de-
clined to vote.
Mr. McPHERSON stated that he had paired
till Thursday next with Mr. Whiteley, who had
been called homo by the sudden illness of a mem-
ber of his family.
Mr. PHELPS stated that he had paired with
Mr. Strattom.
Mr. VALLINDIGHAM stated that he thought
that the House ought to have Mr. Smith's speech
finished before adjournment; and* therefore he
voted " no."
Mr. "WEBSTER said: A sense of justice to
myself impels me to say one word here, so that I
may be consistent on the record. I have hereto-
fore voted for every motion to adjourn, because
an impression seemed to have prevailed through-
out the country 'that Congress would do some-
thing extremely dangerous and extremely dele-
terious to the country. On that view, I have
always voted "ay" on the motion to adjourn,
knowing that no damage could be done after the
House adjourned. [Laughter.] But I now feel
called upon to vote differently, and for this rea-
son: I was with my constituents last week, and,
talking about the condition of the country, they
informed me that in their opinion the crisis had
passed, [laughter,] and that no evil to the country
would befall from Congress being in session. I
understand that the distinguished gentleman from
Virginia desires to go on with his remarks. With
all due consideration for those gentlemen who feel
inclined to adjourn, I feel it my conscientious duty
to vote " no.99
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Allow mo to-say,
that I voted in the affirmative.
Mr. WINSLOW. I think we might come to
some understanding that would be satisfactory to
all. I propose that it shall be the agreement upon
all sides that no vote shall be taken to-day. Then
the gentleman from Virginia may go on with his
speech.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object to that.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Understanding that the
gentleman from Virginia objects to having his
audience diminished, I object to that.
Mr. BOCOCK. I do, not know whether it has
been announced that my colleague [Mr. Clemens]
has paired off with the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Ashley,] and that my colleague [Mr. Edmundson]
has paired off with the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. KilgoreJ
The CLERK. It has been so announced.
Mr. BOCOCK. I have only this additional re-
mark to make; If they had been here, they would
have voted in the affirmative, and I am authorized
to state that, if either of the gentlemen with whom
they are paired are disposed to vote for an ad-
journment, they may do so.
Mr. FOUKE. Understanding that the gentle-
man from Virginia wishes to continue his remarks
to-day, [laughter,] I change my vote, and vote
against an adjournment.
Mr. HUGfclES. I have heretofore voted on
motions to adjourn in the negative; but, differing
with my colleague from Maryland, and believing
that a great deal of mischief may be done, I vote
"ay."
Mr. HILL. I would remark that on a rccent
occasion, in the most eloquent speech to which I
have had the pleasure of listening for some time,
it was remarked by a most distinguished states-
man, that all things must have an end. Even this
contest for the Speakership, it is said, must have
an end. It occurs to me that if he had ever been
present in this House, on an occasion like to-day,
and heard such a course of debate as has been in-
dulged in to-day, he would not have hazarded the
assertion. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, I move, in the utmost good nature,
that my friend from Virginia, if he desires it, be
permitted to continue his remarks to their con-
clusion, and that this House stands adjourned
until that conclusion, [roars of laughter,] with-
out any vote being taken for Speaker.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I know not for
what reason it is that gentlemen are disposed to
treat me in the manner which they are now doing.
Mr. HILL. I disclaim for mvself anv unkind-
ness.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have borne my-
self, as every gentleman will bear me witness,
with the utmost courtesy to every one on this
floor. For two days I have yielded the floor to
every gentleman who has applied to me for it.
And now, when I have indicated a wish from the
beginning to gratify a number of gentlemen who
have spoken to mc on the subject, by yielding for
an adjournment; now that 1 have got into my
speech, there is every disposition manifested to
show me disrespect.
Mr. HILL. I disclaim it.
Mr, SMITH, of Virginia. I know not*vhy it
is. I ask if there has been anything in my con-
duct to-justify it?
Mr. HOUSTON. It is Christmas time.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It is Christmas j
time, and I have yielded, time after time and hour ,
after hour, for motions to adjourn for the purpose 1
of manifesting the respect due to the day; but !f
there is an effort by friend and by foe to empty j,
these benches. I cannot understand why it is; I !i
consider it disrespectful to me and not in any re- jl
spect becoming gentlemen. I am not only willing
to adjourn, but I desire it.
On motion of Mr. McKNIGHT, the reading
of the names on the vote 10 adjourn was dispensed
with.
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia. I desire to change
my vote, and I do it out of courtesy to my dis-
tinguished colleague, [Mr. Smitii.] Believing
that he has not been treated with that courtesy
and respect he has been so willing to extend to
others, I change my vote and vote in-the affirma-
tive.
Mr. JOH1N COCHRANE. I wish to change
my vote. I think this is a very solemn time.
[Excessive merriment.] I think the day is a sol-
emn day, and I would sit here and pass this day
among the solemnities of this Hall. I vot6 "no.
[Shouts of laughter.]
Mr. BRIGGS. I wish to change my vote, for
the reason given by my colleague, [Mr. John
Cochrane.] I would vote " no," also, for the
purpose of affording the distinguished gentleman
from Virginia an opportunity of concluding his
speech. Or, if the gentleman from Virginia would
give us some reasonable guaranty as to the prob-
able time he will occupy the floor, I should be
glad to stipulate that he shall continue during the
holiday week, which, for all practical purposes,
wouldansweraswell asanadjournment. [Laugh-
ter.] I vote " no."
Mr. COX said he had been desired to announce
that Mr. Sickles had paired off.
The vote was then announced as above recorded.
Mr. HILL. I have a proposition to make now.
I say, without meaning any disrespect to the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Virginia, that it is use-
less to disguise the fact that gentlemen would not,
for the best speech that could be made, sit here
to-day and listen to it. I have listened to much
he has said, and it is but justice to say that there
is much information in it. I have heard gentle-
men say that they intended to read it.
A Member. Who said that?
Mr. HILL. I heard Mr. Cobb, of Alabama,
say he intended to read it. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I object to the gen-
tleman from Virginia yielding the floor for any
purpose whatever.
Mr. HILL. I have not heard all the gentle-
man's speech, and I desire to read it. But, in
order to allow the gentleman to finish it to-day, I
move that no vote for Speaker be taken before
one o'clock to-morrow.
There being no objection; the motion was put
and carried.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I believe I am in time
now; there isnomotion before the House. I object
to the gentleman from Virginia yielding the floor
for any purpose, unless he yields unconditionally.
Mr. KEITT. I submit that the gentleman from
Virginia lias the light to yield the floor for an
adjournment.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The CLERK. Does the gentleman frojn Vir-
ginia yield for that purpose?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have done it a
dozen times,and no good has come of it. [Laugh-
ter.]
The CLERK. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Morris] objcctsto the gentleman from Vir-
ginia yielding the floor for that purpose.
Several Members. He has no right to object.
Messrs. CONKLING, BUFFINfON,WOOD-
RUFF, and others, demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask what is the
use of calling tho yeas and nays. I liave done
mybfst to practice the courtesy due to tne House.
I have yielded repeatedly for motions to adjourn,
under a sense of its propriety. I know not why
it is that gentlemen persist in going on in the way
they arc doing.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I withdraw the
motion to adjourn.
Mr. "WILSON. I renew it. [Loud cries of
"No!" " No!" "Withdraw it."]
Mr. CONKLING demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I hope the gentleman
from Indiana will withdraw his motion to adjourn,
and allow the gentleman from Virginia to go on
with his speech,andeoncludeit. [Cries of "That
is right!" "No!" "No!"]
The CLERK. Does the gentleman from Indi-
ana withdraw his motion ?
Mr. WILSON. As gentlemen on the other
side ask me to withdraw my motion to adjourn, I
do so.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the gentleman from
Virginia to yield me the floor.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do, sir.
[Cries of "Object!" from the Republican
benches.]
