$L64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
bers of Congress, the responsibility that rests
upon us justly, and put it upon the Postmaster
General, because he was compelled to reduce the
service. I say that the Postmaster General did
right. He may have made mistakes in individual
cases, but his aggregate action was right. What,
however, was the motive which impelled to that
action? The motive was, that Congress did not
do its duty—did,not give him the money to .keep
up the routes. No^v, when we give the money,
and remove the cause that impelled him to act,
ought we not to put back the service exactly as
it was before, and then leave him to act under
the laws of. 1825 and 1836, nod let him reduce
and scale it down exactly as he thinks is right?
Mr. LANE. Either theSenator from Missouri
or myself is mistaken about this matter, and I
desire to invite his attention to the facts. 1 was
of the impression that the Postmaster General
was induced, by reason of the failure of Congress
to make an appropriation, to reduce'the service;
but, from the communication just now read by the
Senator from Maryland from the Postmaster Gen-
eral, I find'that 1 wftis mistaken in that; that that
was not the case. He said in that communica-
tion, ifl heard it read aright, that it was not in
consequence of the failure of Congress to make
an appropriation that he reduced the service, but
because he found the service beyond the means
of the Department—a service that was not neces-
sary for the public good. If that is so, if I am
correct in my understanding of the letter which
was read by the Senator from Maryland, then it
is very clear that the Senator from Missouri is
mistaken. If I had not heard that letter, I should
have voted for restoring this service, for the rea-
son that I supposed it was reduced because Con-
gress had failed to make an appropriation; but
thatnot being the case, 1 cannot vote to order the
service to be restored.
Mr. GREEN. While that letter may be cor-
rect, 1 have a letter in my possession exactly the
opposite, in which the Postmaster General ex-
pressly said he reduced the service because^ Con-
gress did not make an appropriation. Now, 1
want the Postmaster General to be consistent with
himself. I have spared him as far as I can spare
him, and as far as I will spare him. There is a
public necessity to.be subserved, superior to the
Postmaster General and all his kin or interest,
und 1 will stand by the public interest instead of
that. He has said to me that he out down the ser-
vice because of the want of the appropriation. I
have it in letters written out and signed with Ins
own-name; and ifhe writes otherwise to tlieSen-
-ato and to the House of Representatives, I am not
.responsible for that.
.Mr.-YUI.EE. Does the Senator mean to say
he has such a letter written by the Postmaster
General ?
Mr. GREEN. Signed by the Postmaster Gen-
oral, whether written by him or not.
Mr. YULEE. 1 said his clerks had written
such letters, but they were mistaken.
Mr. GREEN. Signed by him.
Mr. YULEE, Very well; he signs many let-
ters that he does not write.
Mr. GREEN. He told me himself, in person,
that he was forced to do it, because Congress did
not give the appropriation. That is true, and I
should like to know if anybody will call it in
question. I know that in the heyday of pros-
perity routes are established where perhaps they
ought not to be established, and there is an ex-
traordinary degree, of service that may not be re-
quired by the public duties; and I know that the
Postmaster General ought to have the .power to
curtail it when the facts are brought, before him;
but when the Postmaster General says, " I have
curtailed because Congress did not give me an
appropriation," Congress comes, and says, " I
give you the appropriation; restore it as it was;"
and then says to the Postmaster General, <( exer-
cise your power under the law of 18""25 and 1836,
and curtail; and hold yourself responsible to Con-
gress and the public for the manner in which you
exercise your discretion." I think that is right.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to prevent a misaprehen-
sion which seems to be growing up between the
Senators, and which seems to me of very easy
explanation. In a particular case, the Postmas-
ter General no doubt would say, " this is a route
which I would not have discontinued, had it not
been that Congress did not give me the means for
it;" but there were many reductions which he
dcsir.d to make; many routes which he thought
ought to be discontinued anyhow; and that, I
think, is the distinction between the impression
created on the mind of the Senator from Missouri
and that on the mind of the Senator from Florida.
The route to which the Senator from Missouri
refers, I take it forgranted, was one that the Post-
master General desired to continue; and he only
discontinued it because he was compelled to do
so; but that was not the universal case.
Mr. GREEN. That just exactly illustrates my
position. When he made this discontinuance, he
was under coercion.
Mr. DAVIS. In some cases.
Mr. GREEN. In all of them. He was tin der
coercion; he was under compulsion; and therc-
fora he did not exorcise his judgment, as you and
l,a d as he would under other circumstances.
You may place yourself undera force of circum-
stances, seeing that you had no means to keep up
the postal service, and you would cut it down to
the lowest possible limit, so as to keep up the
most important routes, and let the others die; not
because you did not deem the others important or
necessary to the public interest, but because you
were compelled to do it. Place you under other
circumstances, give you a replenished Treasury,
by which you had abundant means to keep the
service up, and you would not cut it down. Now,
I say, in the exercise of this discretion of the
Postmaster General, leave him with a replenished
Treasury. Then no compulsion operates on him;
no coercion operates on him; he is left, asanhon-
orable officer of the Government, to do not what
necessity compels, but what judgment dictates.
That is the difference. I therefuie shall vote to
restore every single office and route that has been
discontinued; and I shall vote to restore the whole
service, witlumtlctor hinderancc; but I shall eon-
cede to the Postmaster General the right which
he has under the laws of 1825 and I82G, but no
further, to abate, to lessen, to curtail, or to stop
the service on any route. But, sir, I will vote to
restore it, and, in voting to restore it, I do not vote
to censure the Postmaster General. The Senator
from Mississippi is entirely mistaken. The Post-
master General was compelled, under this force
of circumstances, to curtail the service; and if I
had been in his place, or if the Senator from Mis-
sissippi had been in the same place, no doubt he
would have done the same thing, and I might have
done the same; but when we give him the means
to keep up the service, t would restore tin1 service,
and then the question would be, " what loute is
required; what service is required'" not " what
route am I able to keep up; what seivice am I
able to keep up ?" There is a vast dillerence be-
twccnthetwoquestions. I beg you,sir, to remem-
ber, that in the one case the Postmaster General
was compelled to say, '1 what route dare 1 dis-
continue; what route dare I curtail r" If we give
him abundant means to carry out what we require
of him, and we do ourduty, lie would say, " what
route can I witli propriety discontinue; what
route can 1 with propriety lessen the service
upon?" Theie is the difference.
Now, sir, 1 say restore the whole service—put
it hack as it was. It was not the fault of the Post-
master General; it was the fault of Congress. If
wo bad made our appioprialion, this question
never would have arisen. We did not make the
appropriation. The Postmaster General, there-
fore, was forced, as he says in his letters to me,
to curtail the service. He having been thus forced
to curtail the service, when we remove the cause
that thus forced him, put it back exactly where it
was before that force was applied, and then, I
say, I yrill never quarrel with, or complain of, the
Postmaster General, for I have the utmost confi-
dence in his integrity, in his knowledge, and in
his general intelligence with regard to. the postal
wants of the country. There is no man in whom
I have more confidence than I have in the Post-
master General; but put me as the Postmaster
General was put, and I would have done what he
did; and yet, when Congress comes to act, and
removes the pressure that was upon him, I would
do as I now want him to do, put it all bock, and
scale, it down just as he thinks the public wants,
and the public necessity require.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, it may very
well be that the Senator has precisely such a letter
as lie has described, one in which the failure of
the appropriation bill is assigned as the cause of
the reduction or discontinuance of the service. I
understand from the Postmaster General thai some
such letters had been written by his cleiks, and
I suppose signed by liim:though,if they had, I
am not certain and do not mention it as a fact.
They were inadvertently written. The cause was
assigned, not in the language and according to the
fact as the Postmaster intended it to be, but it
was put in their own language by the cleiks.
Everyone knows that the Postmaster General
does not write all the letters curtailing service on
two thousand routes. He himself writes very
few of them. As a general thing, this duty is
performed by the clerks who.wcre directed gener-
ally to notify contractors that the Postmaster Gen-
eral had determined on the discontinuance of cer-
tain service, and they put in that this was the
result of the failure of Congress to make the ap-
propriations demanded by the public necessity.
That language was not employed, and not just-
ified by the language used m letters written by
himself. I read to "the Senate his h tter in which
lie gives an extract from one of ihe enriicstlctters
which he wrote. It will be recollected that the
present Postmaster General come into this De-
partment after the failure of the nppiopnation
bill at the lastsession. The then Postmaster Gen-
eral died just at the close of the last session. The
present Postmaster General succeeded him, and
when he came in all, these responsibilities and
difficulties were at once thrown upon him. He
says himself that this forcad him to scrutinize
closely all the service, and to see where, without
great disregard of the public interests, lie could
make a reduction. The fulure ot the Post Office
bill, therefore, was no otherwise the cause of these
reductions than as it caused that scrutiny which
it was his duty to make. Under those circum-
stances, I do not see any discrepancy at all in the
statement made by the Postmaster General in his
letter to me, and those made in that letter which
.the Senator says is signed by him. The Senate
will easily see that the explanation is abundantly
ample to relieve tlic Postmaster General from the
slightest want of veracity.
Sir. Y'ULEE. I have a single word onjy to
say on this subject. It is evident, from the con-
cluding remarks of the Senator from Missouri,
that lie entertains, as he has expressed, confidence
in the integrity of the Postmaster General, as well
as in his competency to manage bis Department.
I take it for granted, therefore, that the apparent
issue which the Senator presented in the early
part of his remarks, with the letter which had
been presented by the Senator from Maiyland,
must rest upon a misapprehension. 1 mn confi-
dent that the Senator from Missouri is mistaken,
when he says that the Postmaster General, under
his own signature, has communicated to him, as
the reason for curtailmf nt.thc failure of the appro-
priation bill. There must be a mistake eithci on
the side of the Postmaster General or of the Sen-
ator; and to show that the Senator is in enor, it
is sufficient only to lead the first paragraph of
the letter which the Senator from Maryland re-
ceived from the Postmaster General, and which
lie lead from his seat this evening. It is answer
enough to the Senator from Missouri. He says:
£; in some of the (Oircspondenec; ha-ailv ptepared by
clerk-e wlucll tia - taken place between centiactoi -and tins
Department. laniruaae may have heen u.--ed calculated to
iml!;e the impic^s'ioil that'tiie iniitue oi the fo^t Otii, e ap-
pionnation bill was the immediate eau*e ot tin1 <'ie tail -
litems of the mail service winch have taken place. Fucli,
however, was not the Not a single instae.ee ot" cur-
tailment has occurred, of which, in the sense referred to,
such faiiure was the cause."
He gives us, in a subsequent part of the letter,
a quotation, an extract from one of the letters
which he wrote himself,in which—if the Senator
from Missouri will look at it—he will see that he
rests the ground of his action precisely upon the
same basis which ho now states to have been the
ground of his action in all cases.
Mr. GREEN. Allow me to correct the Sen-
ator.
Mr. YULEE. Certainly.
Mr. GREEN. I cannot stop to inquire into the
chirography of any mail. When a letter purports
to be written by the Postmaster General, and is
signed by him, I take, it for granted that it was
written by him; and if a clcrk wrote it and ho
signed it, I am not going to quarrel about that.
He is responsible for all he signs.
