1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. YULEE. Certainly; but I supposed the
Senator to be mistaken, because I know that ac-
cording to the practice of the Department these
letters were all signed by the Second Assistant
Postmaster General, Mr. Dundas. 1 have seen
them, one after another, signed by him, according
to the practice of the Department.
Mr. GREEN. I have such a letter.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President, I do not see what
the discussion of the fact whether certain letters
were written by the Postmaster General or by his
clerks has to do with the matter before the Sen-
ate. We have got here the facts; and these are
sufficient, I think, to convince every one who will
examine them that the Postmaster General was
actuated by no other motive than that of promot-
ing the general interests of the Government. By
the table now before me, it is shown that on the
30th day of June, 1857, the cost of transporting
the mails and of route agents, &c., amounted to
$7,096,650. Now, is it possible thatany one here
present is not aware that about that period a great
financial crisis occurred in this country, by which
trade and commerce and all our manufacturing
interests were stricken down at one fell blow? Is
there a Senator present who does not know that
about that time the receipts of the Department
fell greatly below what they had been previously,
and that they continued to fall for upwards of
two years and a half, and that only witliisi the
last few months, when trade and commerce and
manufactures were again beginning to spring into
life, have the receipts of the Department shown
an increase? While the receipts had fallen off to
such an enormous extent, while all the business
of the country was paralyzed, what do the fig-
ures show the workings of the Department to have
been? On the 30th day of June, 1858, the ex-
penditures for transpoi tation, &c., had increased
to $8,159,788—over a million dollars beyond the
cost of the preceding year. A business man,
taking the matter into calculation as a business
matter alone, would have decreased the expenses
of the Department instead of increasing them.
But what was the result for the next year, ending
the 30th of June, 1859? The expenses of the
Department ran up to $9,979,728; when, if the
necessities of the country, according to trade and
commeice and manufactures had been taken into
consideiation, they would have been reduced from
the expenses of 1857—from §7,000,000 to at least
$5,000,000. What was left for the present Post-
master General, who came into office about the
middle of Maich, 1859; what could he have done,
as a faithful officer of the Government, but to
reduce the service to meet the exigencies that had
arisen in consequence of the great financial .de-
pression throughout the country ? In my humble
opinion, he did notreducethe service sufficiently.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. RICE. Certainly.
Mr. GIIEEN. I read from a letter of the Post-
master General, dated May 5, I860. Inthatletter
he says 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. To whom was it ad-
dressed '
Mr. GREEN. To Hon. D. L. Yulee, chair-
man of the Committee on the Post Office aniLPost
Roads, United States Senate. I suppose yBu all
know him. In that letter the Postmaster General
says:
" On lite faihlte of Congress at the last session to provide
the u^u.il am! iiecc^aiy appioptiatii'n^ ten the seiviee of
the Department, I fc!t injnt-'lt compelled to review the ex-
isting mail seiviee of the country and the revenue deiived
from postage, and to make Mich l eduction as the public
convenience would admit ot.'5
It depended upon the failure of the appropria-
tions, as he says in his own letter.
Mr. YULEE. That was the causc of his re-
viewing it.
Mr. RICE. That is the very point which I
say has got nothing to do with the question be-
fore the Senate. Had the present Postmaster
General continued to increase the cost of transport-
ing the mails to the piesent time at the rate it had
been increased for the last two years previously,
these expenses would now amount to some eleven
and a half million dollais; and if they had gone
on in that ratio for ten years, the entire revenue
of the Government would not have supported the
postal service of this country.  
Must there not be a stop put to this somewhere ?
If we go on, if we attempt to take the manage-
ment of the Department into our own hands, if
we concur in the proposition from the House of
Representatives, what will the result bo ? Carry
it on a few years,and the Department breaks itself
down, and the country must necessarily be left
without any service at all. I believe that the in-
terests of the country require us to leave this
entire matter with the Postmaster General so long
as his attention is directed to retrenchment and
reform; and I do not think that a case can arise
here where it would be necessary for the Con-
gress of the United States to take this subject in
iia'nd, unless we should happen to have a Post-
master General who believes, and acts on the be-
lief, that through the postal service he is going to
civilize all the nations of the earth, and he should
run this Government so deeply in debt that we
could not pay the expenses. I think, then, it
would be time to take the matter into considera-
tion.
Mr. PEARCE. I believe that there are about
twenty Senators in the Chamber; it is near half
past nine o'clock; we. have had a long and ex-
hausting session; and I move that the Senate ad-
journ. ["Oh, no!"]
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Florida to
the amendment of the House of Representatives,
upon which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The Secretary will call the roil.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. BINGHAM, when his name was called,
said: On this question I have paired off with the
Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Slidell.]
Mr. YULEji. I ask to be excused for inter-
rupting the call, but certainly there was a call for
a division on the motion to adjourn, and if I had
not supposed that were se, I should have called
for a division myself. There was a misunder-
standing about it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair paused
after announcing the result of the vote, and then
directed the Secretary to call the roll on the
amendment of the Senator from Florida. The
Senate is now voting on the amendment of the
Senator from Florida, and no question can now
be raised. The Secretary will proceed with the
calling of the roll.
Mr. B1GLER. There being no quorum, I move
an adjournment.
Several Senators. We cannot tell until the
roll is called.
The Secretary proceeded, and concluded the
call of the roll.
Mr. YULEE. I understand that we lack one
vote of a quorum. My colleague is present, and
makes a quorum; but, being paired off with the
Senator from New Hampshire, cannot vote. His
presence, however, makes a quorum.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It is no excuse for either
of the gentlemen that they have paired off. I do
not mention this for the purpose of suggesting
any new system now; but this practice of pair-
ing' off is entirely unwarranted by the rules of the
Senate; and I think it is very worthy of consid-
eiation whether it should hereafter be allowed as
any apology for a gentleman not voting that he
has paired off. Here we have an illustration.
Two gentlemen, who would make a quorum,
show their presence by making this upolugy that
they are paired off. They have no right to pair,
and it is no apology for not voting. By the rules
of the Senate, every member present is bound to
vote, and the Senate have a right to insist upon
his voting. I mention this in order to say that
gentlemen hereafter may not be taken by sur-
prise, if the right of the Senate to have them vote
should be insisted upon against their private en-
gagements not to vote. It is the right of theSen-
ate to say "you must vote;" and they cannot dis-
pense with that by any pi hate engagement to
pair off.
Mr. PEARCE. I renew the motion to adjourn.
Mr. POOTand others. Let the vote be declared.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Upon the amend-
ment of the Senator from Florida, the yeas are
17 and the nays 16; no quorum voting.
The list is as follows:
YEAS Messrs. Bialer, Iira<r£, Bright, Crittenden, Davis,
Pitch, Fitzpatliek, Gv.'in, Hunter, Johnson of Tennessee,
Pearce, Folk, Powell,lUce, Sebastian, Toombs, and Yulee
—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiithorty, Doolittle, Fessemien, Foot,
Footer, Green, [iamlm, Harlan, Hemphill, Kin?, Latham,
Simmons Tea Eyck, Wade, and Wilson—16.
Mr. PEARCE. I desire to know if that does
not make a quorum. There are but sixty-five
members of the Senate. Seventeen and sixteert
are thirty-three, which is a majority of all the
Senate. There is a vacancy.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires thirty-
four to make a quorum.
Mr. HAMLIN. It takes a majority of the full
body. There are sixty-six Senators in a full
Senate.
Mr. PEARCE. Bat there are only sixty-iive
Senators.
Mr. HAMLIN. There are sixty-six places.
Mr. MALLORY. By the unanimous consent
of the Senate, although the announcement of the
vote has been made, I desire to record my vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent.
Mr. HAMLIN. The vote has been announced;
and I object.
Mr. YULEE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the Senate owes it to
itself to compel those who are in attendance to
vote. There are Senators here who have not voted.
I think they are bound to appear in their seats and
vote.
Mr. GREEN. They have paired off.
Mr. DAVIS. Suppose some of them have not
paired off?
Mr. GREEN. Then they ought to vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no mo-
tion at this time before the Senate.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask that the roll be called
again upon the amendment. I believe there is
now a quorum here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no objection be
made, the Chair will cause the roll to be again
called, and the vote to be again taken.
Mr'. GREEN. I object.
Mr. B1GLER. I should like to know on what
ground the vote of the Senator from Floiida [Mr.
Mallory] was objected to. . Why has not he a
right to vote?
Mr. MALLORY. The result had been de-
clared.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Florida had no right to vote, except by unani-
mous consent, because the result had been de-
clared by the Chair.
Mr. GWIN. But there was no quorum. Now
there is a quorum. Cannot the vote be taken over
again now ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Th6 vote has not
shown a quorum. If Senators will pause a mo-
ment, the Chair will have a count to ascertain
whether there is a quorum present.
The Sergeant-at-Arms having counted the Sen-
ators present, the Vice President announced that
there were twenty-nine Senators in the Chamber
—not a quorum.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 15, noes 12; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 19, 1860.
The House metateleven o'clock, a. m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE i'KOJI THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton, one of their clerks, notifying the
House that the Senate had passed an Set (H. R.
No. 500) making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice during the fiscal year ending the 30th of J une,
1861, with sundry amendments, in which he wa3
dnected to ask the concurrence of the House.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, it was
Ordered, That the said bill of the TIou^c, No. 500, witn
tin1 amendments of thf Senate thereto, be reiurrcd to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and th.it it be made a spe-
cial Older at and alter two o-clock this day.
SAMUEL S. HIND.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to withdraw from" the files of
the House the papers in the case of Samuel S.
Rind.
