1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
22*21
occupancy of mail contractors, during the exist-
ence of their contracts,a quantityof publiclands,
not exceeding the area of one section at all such
localities as in his judgment are deemed neccssary
or advisable, to be taken where the public sur-
veys have been made, according to the lines of
those surveys; but where stations have been or
may be designated in advance of the public sur-
veys, they shall be laid off, under the direction of
the Postmaster General, in a square form, with
power to order the adjustment hereafter of such
boundaries, to conform to the lines of the public
surveys, if such adjustment be deemed advisable,
which lands thus reserved as stations shall be
held as permanent mail service reservations, not
subject to the operation of any existing preemp-
tion or other general land laws; and that when-
ever, from any cause, any of the reservations
made under the second section of this act shallbe
no longer needed for the purposes originally in-
tended, or the convenience of the service shall re-
quire a change of location, the reservation thus
abandoned by the Posftnaster General shall be
laid off into suitable lots or parcels, and sold at
public sale to the highest bidderafter at least three
months' public notice, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, and patents therefor
shall issue as in the case of the sale of other pub-
lic lands; and all laws granting the preemption
privilege to mail contractors be repealed; but this
repeal is not to affect any rights which may have
actually vested under those laws before the pas-
sage of this act.
The Clerk read the amendment of the Senate,
as follows:
Aftertlie word "location*," insert" made prior orsubse-
quent to the date of the selection thereof."
Mr. COBB. The Committee 011 Public Lands
want to make the amendment a little more strin-
gent.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman has not the floor;
and 1 hope the gentleman from Illinois will not
make any objection. The Committee on Public
Lands have agreed to the amendment which I
propose to offer, and I hope the vote will be re-
considered, and that the amendment to the Senate
amendment will be agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The committee has notagrecd
to any amendment.
The question was taken; and the motion to
reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. COBB. I now offer the amendment agreed
to by the Committee 011 Public Lands to the
amendment of the Senate.
The committee recommend that the House con-
cur in the Senate amendment with the following
amendment:
Insert m the body of the bill, after the word " survivors,"
in line four, the woids: "and m regard to which no ad-
veise claims have arisen under the decibions of the Secic-
tary of the Intel ioi, or of the Commissioner of theGeneia!
Land Office, setting aside such entries."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The amendment of the Senate as amended was
concurrcd in.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment as amended was concurred
in; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that the Committee
011 Public Lands be discharged from the farther
consideration of the Senate homestead bill, and
that it be brought before the House for action.
Mr. RURCH. ] object.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that there be a call
of the House.
Mr. REAGAN. 1 call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hatton
and ALDRicHwere appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes twenty-seven; noes not counted.
Mr. BRANCH. In order to give absentees an
opportunity to come in, I demand the yeas and
nays upon the motion that there be a call of the
House.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion that there be a call of the House
was not agreed to.
The question recurring upon suspending the
rules, the yeas and nays were called and ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 105, nays 51; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Charles F. Adams, Aldrich, Allen, Alley,
Babbitt, Barrett, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brayton,
Buffinton, Burnhain, Butterfield, Campbell,Carey, Carter,
Cobb, Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax, Conkling, Covode, Cox,
Curtis, John G. Davis, Dueli, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwaids,
Eliot, Ely, Etheridge, Ferry, Florence, Foster, Frank,
Fiench, Goooh, Graham, Grow, Haskin, Hclmick, Hoard,
IIoIman, William Howaid, Humphrey, Hutchms, Irvine,
Junkin, Francis W\ Kellogg, ICilgore, Larrabee, DeWitt
C. Leach, Lee, Logan, Loomis,Lovejoy, Maclay, Marston,
Charles I). Mai tin, McKmght, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward
Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Morse, Nixon, Perry, Pettlt,
Pprter, Potter, Pottle, Reynolds, Rice, Riggs, Christopher
Robinson, James C. Robinson, Royce, Schwartz, Scranton,
Sedgwick, Sherman, Somes, Spinner, Stanton, William
Stewart, Stout, Stratton, Tappan, Thaver, Theaker, Tomp-
kins, Tiam, Trimble, Vandevei, Van'Wyck, Wade, Wal-
dron, Walton, Ellihu B. Washbume, Israel Washburn,
Wells, Wilson, Waidom, and Woodruff—105,
NAYS— Messrs. Green Adams, Thomas L.Anderson,
William C. Anderson, Barr, Bocock, Boteler, Brabson,
Bianch, Bristovv, Buich, John B. Claik, Clopton, Burton
Craige, I-I. Wmtci Davis, Edmundson, Gilmer, Hamilton,
Hatdeman, J. Mornson Harris, John T. Harris, Hatton,
Hawkins, Hill, Houston, Hughes, James M. Leach, Mai
Stall worth, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Stokes,Thomas,
Vance, Webster, and Wmslow—51.
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds voting:
in favor thereof.)
During the call,
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, stated that he was
paired off with Mr. Burnett upon this vote.
Mr. DAWES stated that he was paired off on
this vote with Mr. Crawford; otherwise, ho
would have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. ASHAIORE stated that, had he been within
the bar when his name was called, he should have
voted "no*," also, that l\Jr. Miles was paired off.
Mr. GARTRELL asked leave to vote; but ob-
jection being made, he said: 1 desire to state that
1 was temporarily absent, ami eame ill a moment
after my name was called. I should have voted
" no."
Mr. BRAKSON. I learn that the Senatoamend-
ments have not been printed, and are not before
the House; therefore 1 vote " no" for the present.
Mr. DE JARNETTE stated that had he been
with the bar when his name was called he should
have voted " no."
The result was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I now move to substitute the
original House bill for tho bill of the Senate; and
upon that I call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. BURCH. I move that there be a call of
the House.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
after the main question is ordered to be put.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not sec that there is
any necessity for reading the bill and substitute;
as all understand what the Senate bill is, and the
substitute proposed is the original bill of the
House as it was sent to the Senate.
Mr. THOMAS. I insist upon the reading of
the bill and substitute.
The Senate bill was read.
Mr. NOELL. I would ask if it is in order to
move to refer that bill and the substitute to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union?
The SPEAKER. The substitute has not yet
been read.
Mr. PHELPS. I would inquire whether it is
in order to submit an amendment to the Senate
amendment?
Mr. LOVEJOY. The main question has been
ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for the reading of the
substitute.
The substitute, which was read, is as follows:
That any person who i? the head of a family, or who has
arrived at the age of twenty-one years, and is a citizen of
the United States, or who fhall have filed his intention to
become such,as leqmred by the naturalization laws of the
United States, shall, trom and after the parage of this aet,
be entitled to eater, hoe of co-*t, one hundted and sixty
acres oi unappiopnated public laud^upon which said per-
son may have filed a pieomption claim, or which may, at
the time the application is mad'1, be subject to preemption
at $1 or lev>, per acre; or eighty r\cre< of such nnap-
piopnated lands, ac$2 oO pei acie; tu be located in a body,
m coniormity to the legal subdivisions of the public lands-,
and after the same shall have been surveyed. [
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the person ap-
plying for the benefit of this act shall, upon application to
the register of the land office in. winch he or she is about
to make such entry, make affidavit before the said register
or receiver that he or she is the head of a faiiiily, or is
twenty-one years or more of age, and that suoii applica-
tion xs made for his or her exclusive use or benefit. and
those especially mentioned in this act, and not, either di-
rectly or indirectly, tor the use or benefit of any other per-
son or pcreons whomsoever; and upon filing the affidavit
with the register or receiver, he or she shall thereupon be
permuted to enter the quantity of land specified: Provided* ,
however, That no certificate shall be given or patent issued
therefor until the expiration of five years from the date of
.such entry; and if, at the expiration of such time, or at any
time within two years thereafter, the person roaUn* such
entry—or if he be dead, his widow; or in case of fterdeath,
his heirs or devisee ; or m case of a widow makin  such
entry, her heirs or devisee, in case of her death—shall prove
by two credible witnesses that he, she, or they, have resided
upon and cultivated the same for the term of five years im-
mediately succeeding the time of tiling the affidavit albie-
said; then, in such case% he, she, or they, if at that time a
citi-sen of the United States, shall, on payment of ten dol-
lars, be entitled to a patent, as in other cases provided for
by law: Jind -provided further, That in case of the death
ot both father aud mother, leaving an infant child, or chil-
dren, under twenty-one years of age, the rigbt and fee shall
inure to the benefit of said infant child, or children; and
the executor, administrator, or guardian, may, at any time
within two > ears after the death of the surviving parent,
and m accordance with the laws of the State m which
such eJnldien for the time being have their domicile, sell
said land for the benefit of said infants, but for no other pur-
pose; and the purchaser &hall acquire the absolute title by
the purchase, and be entitled to a patent from the United
States, on payment of the office fees and sum of money
herein specified.
Sec. 3. Jind be it further enacted. That the register of
the land office shall note all such applications on the tract-
books and plats of his office, and keep a register of all such
entries, and make return thereof to the General Land Office,
together with the proof upon which they have been
founded.
Sec. 4. Jind he it further enacted, That all lands acquired
under the provisions of this act shall, In no event, become
liable to the satisfaction of any debt or debts contracted
puoi to the issuing of the patent therefor.
Sec. 5. Jind be it further enacted, That if, at any time
after the filing of tho affidavit, as required in the second
section of this act, and before the expiration of the five
years aforesaid, it shall be proved, after due notice to the
settler, to the satisiaction of the register of the land office,
that the person having filed such affidavit shall have ac-
tually changed his or her residence, or abandoned the paid
entry tor more than six months at any lime, then, and in that
event, tho land so entered shall revert to the Government.
Sec. 6. Jind be it further enacted, That no individual
shall bo permitted to make more than one entry under the
provisions of this aet; and that the Commissioner of the
General Land Office is hereby requited to prepare and issue
such rules and regulations, consistent with this act, as shall
be neeessaiy and proper to carry its provisions into efiect;
and that the registers and receivers of the several land
offices shall be entitled to receive the same compensation
for any lands entered undei the provisions of this aet that
that they are now entitled to receive when the same quan-
tity of land is entered with money, one half to be paid by
the person making the application at the time of so doing,
and the other half on the issue of the certificate, by the
peison to whom it maybe issued: Provided, That nothing
contained in this act shall he so constiucd as to impair or
interfere m any mannerwhatever with existing preemption
rights: Jind provided further, That all persons who may
have filed thwr applications for a preemption right prior to
the passage of this act shall be entitled to all the privileges
of this act.
Mr. REAGAN. I demand the yeas and nays
upon adopting the substitute.
The yeas and«nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 102, nays 63; as follows:
YEAS — Messis. Charles F. Adams, Aldrich, Allen,
Alley, Babbitt, Barr, 13ariett, Beale, Bingham, Blair,
Blake, Brayton, Buffinton, Burnhain. Butterfield, Camp-
bell, Caiey, Carter, (JJaik B. Cochrane, Collax, Conkling,
Covode, Cox, John G. Davis, Delano, Dueli, Dunn, Ed-
gerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Ferry, Florence,
Po>>ter, Frank, French, Gooch, Graham, Grow, Hehmek,
Hoard, Hoiman, William Howard, Humphrey, Iivine, Jun-
kin, Francis W. Kellogg, Kilgore, Larrabee, DeWitt C.
Leach, Lce,Longnecker, Loomis,Lovejoy, Maelay, Mar«-
ton, Charles D. Martin, McKnrght, McPheison, Moorhead,
Morrill, Edward Joy Mouis, Isaac N. Moiris, Morse,
Nixon, Pendleton, Pettit, Potter, Portei, Pottle, Reynolds,
llice, iltegs, Christopher Robin on, James C. Robinson,
Royce, Schwartz, Scott, Sedgwick, Sherman, Somes, Spin-
ner, Stanton, William Steward, Stratton, Tappan, Thayer,
Tompkins, Tiain, Trimble, Vandever, Van Wyck, Wade,
Waldron, Walton,EllihuB. Washhurne, Istael Waslibuin,
Wells, Wilson, Windom, and Woodruff—102.
NAYS—Messrs. Green Adams, Thomas L. Anderson,
William C. Anderson, Ashrnore, Avery, Rooock, Boteler,
Brabson, Branch, Bristow, Burch, John B. Clark,Clopton,
Cobb, Burton Craige, Curry, De- Jarnette, Edmundson,
Etheridge, Gartrell, Gilmer, Hardeman, J. Morrison Har-
ris John T. llatris, Hatton, Hawkins, Hill, Houston,
Hushes, Jenkins, Koitt, Lamar, James M. Leach, Love,
M.dloiy, Maynaid, McQueen, MiIImui, Montgomery, La-
ban T. Mooie, Nelson, Noell, Peyton, Phelps, Pryor,
Ciuarles. Reagan, Ruflin,Ru^t, Sickles, Singleton, William
Smith, William N. II. Smith, Stallvvorth, Stevenson,
James A. Stewart, Stokes, Thomas, Underwood, Vance,
Webster, Wmslow, and Wright—63,
So the substitute was adopted.
