2222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
During the vote,
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama, stated that he was
paired with Mr. Washburn-, of Wisconsin; other-
wise he would have voted " no."
Mr. STOUT stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Gurley; otherwise he should have voted
against substituting the House bill for the Senate
bill.
Mr. McPHERSON stated that Mr. Hale was
paired off with Mr. Land rum.
Mr. SICKLES said: I believe the Senate bill
is the best bill that can be got; and therefore I
vote "no."
Mr. PEYTON stated that Mr. Simms was con-
fined to his room by sickness, and therefore un-
able to be present to-day.
Mr. DAWES stated that he had paired off
upon this vote with Mr. Crawford; otherwise
he would have voted m the affirmative.
The result was announced as above recorded.
The bill as amended was then ordered to be read
a third time; and was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved the previous question
ori the passage of the bill as amended.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. RUFFIN culled for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill as amended.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 103, nays 59; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Charles F. Adams, Aidnch, Allen, Al-
ley, Babbitt, Oairett, Be.iie, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Bray-
ton, Bri^s, ntifflmon, Buuerfield, Campbell, Caiev, John
Cochrane, Collax, Conklmir, Covode, Cox, John C. Davis,
Delano, Duell, Dunn, Kdgeiton, Edwards, KUor, Ely, Fen-
ton, Fciry, Florence, Foster, Frank, French, Gooch, Cra-
1mm, Grow, fiehniek, flolman, William A. Ilowaid, Hum-
phrey, Hutehnu, Irvine, Junkm, Francis VV. Kello™, Ivil-
gore, Lanabuo, DeWitt C. Loach, Lee, Longno'cker,
Loomts, Lovejoy, Mat-lay, Marion, Chailes D.'Maitin,
McKnight, MePheivon, Montgomery, Mooihoad, Mwrnil,
Ethvatd Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morns, Mor^e, Nixon, i'cu-
dleton. Peny, Petut, Porter, Potter, Portle, Reynolds,
Riggs, Christopher Robinson, James C. Kobmson, Royec,
Schwartz,Scranton, Sfdjrvvick,vSherman, ^tckle^, Somes,
Spinner, Stanton, William Stewatt, Stout, Stiatton, Tap-
pan, Thajcr, Tompkms, Tiam, Tumble, Vamlever, Van
Wyck, Wade, Wahlron, Walton,, Fllihu B. War-hburne,
Israel Washburn, WeJIs, Wilson, VVmdom, and Woodruff
—103.
NAYS—Messrs. Green Adams, Thomas L. Anderson,
William C. Anderson, Ash more, Avery, Bocoek, Brab^on,
Braneli, limtow, Burch, John B. Ciaik, Ciopion, Cobb.
Button Oiaigc, Curry, Do Juniottv, I'dinumUon, ItJihei uljjo',
Gartieli, Gilmer, Hamilton, ilaukmau, J. Motu>on llatiu>,
John T. darns, Hatton, Hawkins, Hill, Hughes, Jotikni*,
James M. Leach, Love, Malluty, Maynaid, iMeQwen, Mill-
ion, LabmiT. Mooie, NisNon, Not'li, Peyton, i'help-, Piyoi,
Quarter, Reagan, Kuffin, Scott, Singleton, William
Smith, William N. II. Smith, Stallwoith, Ptcvcnson, Jame>
A. fcUevvait, Stokes, Tavlor, 'J'homas, Vauoe, Webstui,
Wniblovv, and Wnght— «>y.
So the bill was passed.
During the vote,
Mr. RICK stated that Mr. Buri.ingame was
paired with Mr. Martin', of Virginia.
Mr. MONTGOMERY, when his name was
called, said: i stated before, when this bill was
iindorcorisideration, that I was m .favor of a home-
stead bill. [Calls to order.] The bill passed by
the House was amended m the Senate, and this
IXouse itas refused to concur in that amendment.
[Loud calls to order.] 1 desiie to get it back to
the Senate as soon as possible, that it may be
property amended. [Continued calls to order.]
I therefore vote £<ay."
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania slum Id have suspended liis remarks when
he was called to order. He should be placed
under arrest by the Sergeant-at-Arms for not
doing so.
A Member. It is all over now.
Mr. UNDERWOOD staled that Mr. Craw-
ford was paired with Air. Dawes.
Mr. CARTER not having been within the bar
when his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, f object.
Mi*. CARTER. 1 should have voted {< ay."
Mr. UNDERWOOD, i object to that.
Mr. LOGAN stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Kenyon, who was called home by sickness
in his family. If voting, he should have voted
"ay."
The result was announced as above recorded. 1
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to reconsider the vote
by winch the biii was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NAVY PAY BILL.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I ask the favor-
able consideration of the House for the following
resolution:
Resolved, Thatthe rules be suspended and that the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs have leave to report the Navy-pay
hill and subsumes.
Mr. RUFFIN. I object.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I move to sus-
pend the rules, to enable me to offer the resolu-
tion.
The rules were suspended; and the resolution
was adopted.
Mr. MORSE. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs to report back an act (S. No.
299) to increase and regulate the pay of the Navy
of the United States, with an amendment in the
nature of a substitute.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I ask leave to
report a substitute to the substitute reported by
the committee, and ask that the bill be put upon
its passage.
Mr. PHELPS. The bill which the gentleman
has called up is an important one. It has not been
printed by the House, and we have not been able
to examine it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Both the Senate
bill and the substitutes have been printed—the
Senate bill for weeks. I do not want to make tt
speech on the subject. Its justice commends it
sufficiently.
Mr. PHELPS. I was not aware that these
substitutes were printed. I knew that the Senate
bill was piintcd.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I aek for the
consideration of the bill at this time, because I.
am satisfied that this is the only chance we will
have of having it considered this session.
The SPEAKER.. The bill is before the House,
and the question is on the amendments in then-
order.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I ask the previ-
ous question on the bill and amendments.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I desire to have the bill
read.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Have the rules
been suspended to take up that bill?
The SPEAKER. They have.
The. bill was read.
Mr. HOUSTON. Would it be in order to
move to strike out the second section?
The SPEAKER, It would not. The previous
question has been demanded. The amendment
leported by the majority of the Committee on Na-
val Affairs will now be lead; and then the amend-
ment offeied by the gentleman from Maryland.
The vote will fir^t be taken on the last amendment.
Mr. WINSLOW. There is some little differ-
ence between the amendment of the gentleman
from Maryland and that reported from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. I will make a brief
statement to show what that difference is.
Mr. RUFFIN. Let us have all read.
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 hope the House will in-
dulge me for a moment, in order that I may state
where lies the diiference between the Senate bill
and the amendments offered by the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Morse] and the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Harris.]
Th<>re is very iittie diffeience in the three bills
The object of all of them is to do that which I
think should be done—make a liberal allowance
to the officers of the Navy.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from North
Carolina is going to make a speech advocating
this bill, I oliject.
Mr. WINSLOW. I very rarely make a speech j
on any subject.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, I disagree with the
gentleman from North Carolina in his advocacy
of this bill. If the gentleman will confine his re- j
marks to explaining the diffeience between the ■
bills, I have no objection; but I want him to con- j
fine himself to that. i
Mr, WINSLOW. That is exactly wis at I in- I
tend doing. The gentleman from Alabama need ;
not be so captious. The object of all three bills j
is to make a just and liberal appropriation for the !
service of ofiieeis of the Navy. J
Mr, HOUSTON. The gentleman is getting a 1
little captious himself. He proposed to explain :
the difference between the bills, and to that we j
all consented. I certainly would not have con- I
sented if I had supposed the gentleman was get- !
ting up to advocate the objects of any one of these
bills.
Mr. HATTON. I call the gentleman from
Alabama to order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood that
the gentleman from North Carolina had unani-
mous consent to proceed. The Chair, therefore,
considers that the gentlem&n is in order.
Mr. WINSLOW. There is very iittie differ-
ence in any of the bills as to the rates of pay to
be allowed to the officers. The Senate, by a mis-
apprehension on the part of its committee—owing
to their being ignorant of a law of Congress that
passed subsequently to the act of 1855—reduced
the pay of the medical corps of the Navy. When
the Senate found out the mistake, they were anx-
ious to correct it; but it was too late. The House
committee, therefore, deemed it but right and
proper to make the correction. The amendment
of the committee, theiefore, increases the pay of
the medical corps of the Navy in proportion to
the pay of the other grades of officeis.
The only other point of difference between the
Senate bill and the committee bill is this: the
Senate bill increases the pay on the basis of sea-
service; the substitute of the committee would
place it on the basis of general service in the Navy.
Under the Senate bill the lieutenant who has seen
seven years' sea-service would be entitled to a
certain increase of pay. Under the bill of the
committee, such an increase of pay would follow
from ten yeais' service, after the officer obtained
the rank of passed midshipman.
These are the only material differences between
the Senate bill and the House bill.
Mr. STANTON. At what rate is the present
pay to be increased ?
Mr. WINSLOW. Abouttwenty-five percent.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, f'rom fifteen to
twenty per cent.
Mr.SMITH,of Virginia. I should like to ask
the gentleman if it increases the pay of those on
shore ?
Mr. WINSLOW. It docs.
Mr. SMITH,of Virginia. Well,thatiswrong;
and I shall vote against it. If it only increased
pay for sea-service, I would support it.
Mr. WINSLOW. It occurred to the majority
of the House committee that the basis of pay
fixed in the Senate bill might be productive of
mischief, as a ship might go to sea where the ju-
nior lieutenant would be receiving higher pay than
the senior lieutenant. The substitute offeied by
my friend from Maryland is identical with that
repotted by the majority of the committee, except
as to the pay of lieutenants.
There is one other slight alteration in the bill
which I ought to mention. The substitute re-
ported by the majority of the committee provides
for increasing the pay of the superintendent of
the National Observatory to $3,500. Pie now re-
ceives^,000. This, weall thought,was butan act
( of justice due to that distinguished officer, and it
j is the only means we had to remunerate him for
i his services to the eountiy.
! Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I had no desire or
intention of detaining the House even a moment
in connection with this bill; butas my friend from
North Carolina has made some explanations as to
the points of difference between the Senate bill and
the bill which he says was reported by a majority
of the House committee, it is simply proper 1
should say two or three words.
In the first place, I desire to say that the major-
ity report of the House committee carries with
it the weight of one vote only over that of the mi-
nority. The desire of all the members of the
committee was, that a bill should pass increasing
the pay of the Navy. We differed as to details.
The difference between my substitute and that of
the majority is this: m the first place, my bill is
, identical with the Senate bill, except so far as it
corrects some matters, believed to be oversights in
the Senate bill, winch have been referred to by the
gentleman from North Carolina, as to the pay of
surgeons and engineers. In the next place, it dif-
fers materially from the substitute of the commit-
tee in this: that it adopts the principle of sea-ser-
vice which the Senate bill establishes as to the .
lieutenant grade.
I maintain, in connection with those gentlemen
of the minority who agree with me, that this is
the most important principle that has been in-
grafted on the bill. As to the objection raised by
