1278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
HENRY BEDINCtER.
Mr. DE JARNETTE, by unanimous consent,
reported from the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims a bill for the relief of Henry Bedinger and
others, heirs and legal representatives of Daniel
Bedinger, deceased; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to a Committee of the "Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
A. G. NEAL.
Mr. DE JARNETTE also, by unanimous con-
sent, reported back from the same committee the
petition of A. G-. Neal, of Mississippi, and asked
* that the same be referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions'.
It was so ordered.
JAMBS W. BKEEDLOVE.
Mr. TAYLOR. , With the permission of my
friend from New York, [Mr. John Cochrane,]
I ask le^ve to have withdrawn from the files of
the House the papers in regard to the claim of
James W. Breedlove, in order that they may be
..referred, to the Court of Claims.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
REGULAR ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. LEE. I ask leave to introduce a joint res-
olution, for the purpose of reference merely.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I must object. I insist
on the regular order of business.
Mr. LEE. The .resolution is simply for the
purpose of reference.
Mr. CRAWFORD. So I suppose. The ob-
jection that I have is, that we are constantly
pressed with various resolutions and other mat-
ters, whereas the proper coursc to be pursued is
the regular order of business. I ask for that reg-
ular order of business.
- Mr. LEE. Let the resolution be read for in-
formation.
Mr. CRAWFORD. It is unnecessary to have
it read. I object to everything but the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the resolution re-
ported by the Committee of Elections in the New
York contested-election case, on which the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. John Cochrane]
is entitled to the floor.
NEW YORK CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I purpose, Mr.
Speaker, to claim the attention of the House for
a brief space in directing the few remarks which
I shall make to the legal aspect of this question
There are two resolutions reported for the con-
sideration of the House—the one by the majority
of the Committee of Elections, the other by the
minority of that committee. They ay the legal
antipodes of each other; and it is to ascertain
which of them is the preferable resolution that
this House is now engaged in this discussion. On
the one side, it is alleged that there has been no
legal election in the third congressional district of
the State of New York, by which the sitting
member is entitled to hiS scat; on the other, that
there was a legal election, and that he was legally
returned. The majority of the committee, who
report to the effect that there was no legal election
which should be conclusive and obligatory upon
the claim to the seat, also report to the effect that
it is a matter of no moment whether that election,
having occurred, was legally determined or not. 1
will refer to the language of that report, in order
that I maybe sure that I am not misquoting it in
this respect. On page 3 of the report, the ma-
jority of the committee say:
"But the conclusion to which they have arrived upon
this application renders jt unnecessary for them to settle
the question whether the action of the .State canvassers
was such a 'determination of the result of said election'
as is contemplated in that statute, so as to brintr the case
within its provisions. There obviously can arise eases not
within the provisions of that act, 111 which the parties must
apply to the House itself for authority to take any other
than voluntary testimony; and the act of 1851 itself pio.
vides for cases which may arise, about which there can he
no doubt as to the determination of the result; and that
they ate, m all things, within its piovisions; and it enacts
that the House may, at their disn etion,' allow supplement-
ary evidence to be taken after the expiration of said sixty
days.'"
They say further:
*' Under this provision the House has, on the recom-
mendation of its committee, on different occasions, allowed
further time where the ends of justice seemed to require it,
and that in cases admitted to be in all respects withm its
provisions. The House can and lias extended time under
the law, as well as in cases to which it does not apply."
Now, sir, the instances which are thus fur-
nished are conclusive against the result to which
the committee has been brought. The very facts
recited, declare it most important and altogether
conclusive upon the consideration and judgment
of the House that there should have been a legal
determination of the result; for the language which
is cited in terms declares that, at the discretion of
•the House, supplemental evidence may be given;
at the discretion of the House further time may
be allowed; and at the discretion of the House the
time may be extended. In no case is it avowed
or declared that, where the prescribed time has
once elapsed, it can be revived; but it is in every
case declared that only where the time is in con-
tinuance under force of the law, it may, at the dis-
cretion of the House, be extended—that further
time may be allowed and supplemental evidence
may be taken. Then, sir, considering the lan-
guage of the report, the language of the act, and
the circumstances to whjg.h it was intended to be
applicable, it is as clear as a legal sequitur that
it was intended by Congress that in all cases the
discretion of Congress should be confined to the
circumstances of a case under the application and
the obligations of the act which they had passed.
Sir, is this act simply directory; or is it ail act
prescribing a mode of procedure? and if the latter,
I would ask what authority is there in the House
to repeal a law of procedure provided for all cases,
in any emergency ? It is declared—thus is the
phraseology of the act—that, in every case after
its passage, " whenever any person shall intend
to contest the election of any member of the House
of Representatives of the United States, he shall,
within thirty days after the result of such elec-
tion shall have been determined by the officers
or board of canvassers authorized by law to de-
termine the same, give notice," &c. It is per-
emptory; it is imperative in its language; and, so
far as laws enacted by the Legislature convened
under the provisions of the organic constitutional
law of the land can and should have force, so far,
in respect to this case and all other cases, must
this law be conclusive and obligatory.
But I am answered, sir, that there are equities
in this case which should control our action; and
that, as equitable considerations should rise above
dry legal arguments, so should the House disre-
gard the arguments which may be presented, how-*
ever firm and assured, and rest its decision upon
equities admitted or alleged. Well, sir, undoubt-
edly it is within the power of the House to arrive
at this conclusion; but the question upon that
proposition is not simply one of physical power
by the action of a numerical majority, but it is a
question of right, equity resting upon and moving
over the circumstances and facts of the case.
And, now, what are these boasted equities ? If,
sir, I shall be able to show, in a few sentences,
that their superstructure which has been erected
is without foundation, I shall be able to show that
the conclusion of the majority of the committee,
lame and impotent as I have in another particular
shown it to be, is in this respect also fallible.
One averred equity is, that the contestant here
was misled by the advice of counsel. I have never
been able to look upon such an averment as of
equitable force; nor in any court, nor before any
jury in the land, has an equity of this kind ever
been successfully prosecuted. Is that an equity
of the case that frauds are alleged? I may say,
in reference to these allegations, that they are made
in gross, and are complicated in statement. They
are general in their nature, nor are they specified
m terms; and this, too, in the presence of a lapse
of time after their occurrence which has not been
i satisfactorily explained. In all processes, legal or
otherwise, where a party charges fraud, it is his
duty to specify the fraud; and the omission to
specify the fraud always is received as evidence ot
its absence. So, in this case, had the contestant
proceeded m time, under the phraseology and ac-
cording to the direction of this law, chargeable
with no negligence, nor being misled, but acting
altogether withm the provisions legally prescribed
both to him and to us, it would have been neces-
sary for him, by legal requisition, as well as by
the dictates of reason and of common sense, to
have specified the frauds on whichhe relies. Those
frauds are not specified; and through their every
part, and to their fullest extent, are they denied
by the sitting member; and the denial thus far
operates to the advantage of the sitting member,
that, in respect to the equity of his case, based
upon frauds, the contestant takes nothing by his
allegation.
Mr. HUMPHREY. Will my colleague point
to the passage in the answer of the sitting mem-
ber where the allegations of fraud are denied?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I will answermy
colleague's question in the course of my remarks.
My impression is—and it is a conclusion so de-
rived upon which I am reasoning—that the denial
is specifically made. Should it cot have been
made, however, the deficiency is supplied by this
passage, which I find upon page 4 in the report
of the majority of the committee:
'• It is due to Mr. Sickles that the committee should state
that he denies these allegations., But this is what the con-
testant offers to prove, and the committee do not feel at
liberty, under the circumstances of this case, to close the
door against him, and thereby prevent the exposure of such
frauds, if they exist." *-
I had arrived at the same conclusion—that the
denial was superficially made; but if, upon more
minute examination, I should find that I am Inis-
taken, the contestant certainly should not be de-
prived of any advantage which he may derive
from the omission. I assume here, however, that
the truth of the allegation has been fully denied
by the sitting member; and as the evidence of the
fact is furnished by the passage which I have
read from the majority report of the committee, I
think I am qualified to adopt it as a necessary and
proper conclusion in this argument upon which
to base the statement that I have made.
And now let me proceed with other considera-
tions to show that, so far from this being an equit-
able application, to grant it would be to do the
greatest injustice. Some months, sir, have elapsed
since the commencement of the first session of this
Congress. It is proposed, by the relief that is
offered through the report of the majority of the
committee, that three months more shall elapse
before this contest shall be determined; and in the
mean time the services of a Representative of the
third congressional district of the State of New
York will have ceased, and have been withdrawn
from this scene of legislative operation. The sit-
ting member will, by the terms of this resolution,
be removed from further attendance upon this ses-
sion of Congress. The contestant, too, will be
necessarily absent, and the third congressional
district of the State of New York will remain un-
represented. And again, during the time in which
this contest shall be raging outside of this Hall
between the aspirants to the scat of Representa-
tive from that district, the sitting member will be
drawing his pay pro rata his annual compensa-
tion, and the contestant will also be drawing his
proportionate compensation.
These, sir, are considerations which address
themselves notonlytothejudgmentof the House,
upon the question of equity, but in respect also
to the obligatory nature of that law whose enact-
ment must have moved upon considerations of
that description; for its terms dcclare that there-
after those who contest the seats of sitting mem-
bers here shall do so in the intervals of recess in
the sessions of Congress, or before the commence-
ment of the first session of the Congress for which
such election has taken place. I invoke, there-
fore, in aid of these considerations, the very na-
ture of the law, that whenever a contestant shall
doubt the title of the sitting member to his seat, he
shall proceed, within the time therein specified,
with his contest; and, too, at the same time bear-
ing in mind this obvious conclusion, that if there
be no election, as is here maintained by the ma-
jority of the committee, it cannot be permitted that
any one can occupy a place upon this floor as a
sitting member.
Mr. Speaker, I think these considerations bear
strongly upon the question of equity; and I have
chosen to dispose of it first, because, from the
language of the report of the majority of the com-
mittee, which concedes that the contestant's case
depends entirely upon its equities, it is inferable
that if the presumption of equity, derivable from
the case and from the circumstances which sur-
round it, is successfully resisted, the case must
confessedly and really fall to the ground. But,
sir, I am not prepared to leave this question here.
It comprehends an argument which is addressed
to the legal judgment of gentlemen, and which is
