3166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
SHEI/DON MJKNIGHT,
The SPEAKER announced as the regular order
of business the motion of Mr. Kellogg, of Mich-
igan, and pending when the House adjourned
yesterday, to suspend the rules so as to discharge
the Committee of the "Whole House from the
further consideration of the bill of the Senate (No.
30) for the relief of Sheldon McKnight, and to
enable the House to consider the same.
Mr. REAGAN. I move that there be a call of
the House. I think there is no quorum present.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
been ordered on the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Before that ques-
tion is put, I desire to have two letters read, which
I have in my hand, from the Postmaster General.
The SPEAKER. They can be read by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to anything out of
the regular order of business.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I suppose the bill
and report will be read, and why not these two
letters from the Department bearing upon the
question ? Then the House can vote understand-
ingly. What objection to it there can be, I can-
not conceive, except that they dare not have the
truth.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call for the reading of the
bill.
The bill, which was read, directs the Postmaster
General to pay, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, to Sheldon Mc-
Knight, for carrying the United States mail from
Cleveland, Ohio, and Detroit, Michigan, to Mack-
inaw, Sault Sto. Mario, Marquette, Copper Har-
bor, Eagle Harbor, Eagle River, and Ontonagon,
Michigan, La Pointe and Superior, Wisconsin,
from 1849 to 1857, inclusive, in all cases where
it is shown to the satisfaction of the Postmaster
General that the mail was carried by authority of
the postmasters or agents of the Post Otfice De-
partment, and without a contract with the Depart-
ment, an amount equal per trip to that now allowed
by the Department for the same service, deduct-
ing therefrom the amount heretofore paid.
Mr. REAGAN. I move that there be a call of
the House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is there not a re-
port in that case >
The SPEAKER. There is.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then I ask that it
be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the report will be
read.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
* motion that there be a call of the House.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to say that the
report, so far as it goes, does not show now much
money will be paid under this bill. I would in-
quire of the gentleman from Michigan how much
money will this bill take out of the Treasury?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. Forty-five
thousand dollars.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Well, now, I will say to
the House that this man McKnight made a con-
tract with the agents upon the line mentioned in
the bill; and has received every dollar which was
agreed to be paid for conveying the mail, from
1849 to 1857, inclusive. There is a letter upon
the Clerk's table from the Postmaster General
which will prove what I have said; and with this
statement the House can pass this bill; then they
can give this man $45,000.
Mr, SMITH, of Virginia. I suppose that a
remark or two will be in order?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I ask that the
report be read.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. X believe I have the
floor.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Texas insist upon liis motion that there be a call
of the House?
Mr. REAGAN. I do, unless these letters can
be read.
Mr. BRANCH. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to have read the report and the let-
ters which have been referred to.
No objection was made.
The report, which was read, shows that Mr.
McKnight transported, at the request of the post-
masters and agents of the Post Office Department,
the United States mail, in steamboats, between
Cleveland, Ohio, and Detroit, Michigan, and the
several ports on Lake Huron and Lake Superior,
from the year 1848 up to the present time, during
the season of navigation, for which service he has
not received adequate compensation.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Now read these let-
ters in the order in which I have placed them.
The letters were read>as follows:
Post Office Department,
Contract Office, June 1,1860.
Sir : The inclosed eopie* of fetters, of January *22 and
January 26, 1859, addessed respectively to Hon. D. L. Yu-
i.ee and Sneldon McKnight, concerning the claims of the
latter, indicate the views of the Department; and nothing
has since transpired to changc the opinions therein ex-
pressed.
Very respectfully, WM. II. DUNDAS,
Second .Assistant Postmaster General.
Hon. Wm. Smith, House of Representatives.
Post Office Department, January22,1859.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your
letter of the 11th instant, asking for the facts and views of
the Department in relation to the claim of Sheldon Mc-
Knight, as presented in hU memorial, therein inclosed, piay-
ing Congress to allow him adequate compensation for
conveying the mails on the Cleveland, Detroit, and Lake
Superior route from year 1848 to the present time, by pass-
ing a bill authorizing payment the same as wasawaided
G. &. II. Turner, by act approved 3d June, 1858. The De-
partment was never enabled to discover any legitimate
foundation for the-claim of either the Messrs. Turneis or
Mi. McKnight, it having at nil times paid to both parties
the full amount of the compensation agreed to be paid at
the cominrneeinent of the several seasons of navigation.
Mr. McKnight has been in the service of the Department
for a number of years, and justice to him requires it to be
said that the uuifoim, efficient, and constant aid rendered
by hmi to the Department m effecting arrangements for the
supply of the Lake Supenor country, where fco little com-
petition exists, better entitles him, in the estimation of the
Department, to the consideration of CongiebS than the
Messrs. Turners.
lie&peetfuliy, &c., AAROKT V. DROWN,
Postmaster General.
Hon. D. L. Yulee, United States Senate.
Post Officp Department,
Contract Ofhok, January 26,1859.
Sir: Your letter of this date making certain 'inquiries of
the Department concerning the lake service from Cleve-
land to Ontonagon and Supeiior is received. In reply, I
have to state that the mail seivicc from Cleveland to On-
tonagon and Superior lias not beeu under conttact at any
time but the Depaitment has authorized eertrtin rates for
trips, and also instiuctod postnr>asterstopa>,upon mail mat-
ter delivered by steamboat*, certain latesper letter and per
papei. In May, 1^18, the lcgular steamboat rate^ per letter
weie two cents, ;uid a half cent for each paper. June 14,
1851, these rates were reduced to one cent lor cach letter,
and one fourth ot n cent (or each paper. On July 27, 1854,
fifteen dollar per trip was allowed for service to Ontona-
gon, which continued until Maj 20, 1856, when fifty dollars
per lound trip wa< allowed.
As regaid*  >mir inteiecmrsc with the Department in per
forming m.ul ^eiviee, and in fmtheimg the mail facilities
upon the upper lakes, it is only simple justice to .state that
your eihu ts in thai direction have been meiitotious and of
an honorable ehaiactei ; atul that you have, in mhiio in-
stances, been of great service to the Department in effect-
ing the mail facilities foi that upper country.
Respectfully, youi obedient seivant,
WM. II. DUNDAS,
SccomZ Assistant Postmaster General,
Sheldon McKnight, Esq., Washington, D. C.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to know whether
that bill has been referred to a committee of the
House?
Mr. HELMICK. It has been referred to the
Post Oflice Committee, and has been unanimously
reported from it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The objcctof hav-
ing; these letters read was to show- 
IVIr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I object to
further discussion.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The object was to
show that this man acted under a contract, and
that he always received the pay which he had
contracted to receive.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Commifiee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act (H. R.
No. 521) to incorporate the East Washington
Library Association; when the Speaker signed
the same.
SHELDON M'KNIGIXT—-AGAIN.
The question recurrcd on the motion to suspend
the rules, on which the yeas and nays were or-
dered.
Mr. KELLOGG-, of Michigan. I wish the bill
to be read once more.
The bill was again read.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I merely wish
to say, in regard to this claim, that it passed the
Senate at last session, and also passed the House.
It was lost in the last hours of the session in con-
sequence of want of time. It was unanimously
recommended by the Post Office Committee.
Mr. CURRY. I desire to say that this bill did
not pass the House at the last session of Con-
gress.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am perfectly will-
ing that the gentleman from Michigan should be
indulged in his remarks if a counter statement be
permitted.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 94, nays 4G; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrich, Alley, Wil-
liam C. Anderson, Barr, Bingham, Francis P. Blair, Blake,
JBouJigny, Brayton, Briggs, Buflinton, Burch, Burhngame,
Butterfield, Carter, Case, Colfax, Corwin, Covode, Cox,
Curtis, Davidson, Dawes, Delano, Duel), Dunn, Edwards,
Eliot, Etheridge, Fenton, Ferry, Florence, Foster, French,
Gilmer, Gooch, Giaham, Grow, Gurley, Hale, Hall, Hei-
mick, William Howard, William A. Howard, Hughes,
riutchins, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg,
Kenyon, Kilgore, DeWitt C. Loach, Lee, Longneeker,
Loomis, Marston, Maynard, McKean, McKnight, McPher-
son, Mooihead, Edwaid Joy Morris, Nelson, Niblack,
Nixon, Palmer, PeuJt, Porter, Potter, Rice, Christopher
Itobmson, lloyce, Somes, Spaulding, Spinner, Stevens,
William Stewart, Stokes, Straiton.Tappan,Thayer, Tomp-
kins, Train, Vallandigham, Vandever, Veiree, Wade, Wal-
ton, Cadvvaladei O.Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne, Web-
stei, Wells, and Woodruff—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Avery, Barksdale, Bonhain,
Branch, Brisrow, Burnett, Burnham, Clopton, Cobb, Bur-
ton Ciaigc, Crawford, Cuny, Reuben Davis, Edmundson,
English, Gartrell, Hardeman, John T. Harris, Hatton,
Hoard, Houston,Jenkins, Jones, Kiiiinger, Landrum, James
M. Leach, Leake, Maclay, Mallory, Meltae, Millson, Syd-
enham Moore, Pendleton, Perry, Peyton, Quarles,Reagan,
Rigg , Ituffin, William Smith, William N. H. Smith,
Thomas, Underwood, Vance, arid Wright—46.
So (two thirds voting therefor) the rules were
suspended; and the Committee of the Whole
House was discharged from the further considera-
tion of the bill.
During the vote,
Mr. EDGERTON stated that he had paired
with Mr. Martin-, of Ohio.
Mr. McKNlGHT stated that he voted 41 ay;"
but he wanted it understood that he was no rela-
tion of his by blood or otherwise.
Mr. WILSON stated that he was paired with
Mr. Lamar.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. MAYNARD. I present an amendment to
the bill.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I will accept
the amendment, and then move the previous ques-
tion.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Provided, That the sum allowed by virtue of this act shall
not, in anywise, exceed $45,000.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is this amendment
in order?*
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object to it; be-
cause it is a limitation on the amount which this
man is entitled to, if he is entitled to a cent. I
have no idea of cheating the man out of what he
is entitled to, if he is entitled to anything at all.
This is a system of attempting to get countenance
for improper claims.
The previous qtiestion was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation,
the bill was read the third time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
Tta previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, which was on the passage
of the bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I call for the yeas
and nays. I trust nobody is afraid to meet this
question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 87, nays 55; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Aldiicii, William C An-
derson, Barr, Bingham,Fiancis P. Blair, Bouhgny, Biayton,
Brigus, Bufi'mton", Bmeh, Burhngame, Buinham, Butter-
field, Carey, Caitcr, Ca&e, Colfax, Coivvin, Covode, Cox,
Curtis, Dawes, Delano, Duel!, Dunn, Edwauls, Eliot, Eth-
eridge, Fenton, Ferry, Foster, Fiench, Gooch, Graham,
Grow, Gurley, Hale, Hall, J. IWoirison Hams, Hatton,
Helmick, William Howaul, Junkin, Fianeis W. Kellogg,
William Kellogg, Kenyon, DeWitt C. Leach, Loomis,
Marston, Maynard, McKean. McPhcrson, Mooihead, Ed-
waul Joy Morris, Moise, Nelson, Ni\on, Palmer, Porter,
Potter, Rice, Chustoplier Robinson, Uoyce, Somes, Spin-
ner, William Stewait, Stokes, Stratton, Tappan, Thayer,
Tompkins, Tiani, Trimble, Vandever, Van Wyck, Veu.ee,
Wade,Walton, Cadwaladei C. Washbuin, Ellihu B Wash-
burne. Israel Washburn, Wells, Windom, and Woodruff—
87.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashmore, Avery, Barksdale,
Blake, Brabson, Branch, Bristovv, Burnett, Clopton, Cobb,
Burton Craige, Curry, Reuben Davis, De jarnette, Edmund-
