I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3107
son, Gartrcllj Gilmer, Hardeman, John T. Harris, Hill,
Hoatd, Houston, Jenkins, Jones, Keltt,KUHnger,Landium,
James M. Leach, Leake, Love, Maeiay, Mallory, Me-
Quccn, McRue, Miles, Sydenham Moore, Niblack, Pen-
dleton, Peyton, Pugh, Gluailes. Reagan, Rig«s, Ruifin,Wil-
liam Smith, William N. H. Smith, Stalhvorth, Stanton,
Thomas, Underwood, VaUancligham, Vance, Wmsslow,
and Wright—55.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, moved to re-
consider the vote by which th^ bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EQTJAL JUSTICE TO ALL TIIE STATES.
Mr. GILMER obtained the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask for the regular order
of busi ness.
The SPEAKER. This is the regular order of
business.
Mr. STANTON. I must insist on the regular
order of business, which is the calling of commit-
tees for reports. I want to make reports from the
Military Committee.
Mr. GILMER. I move to suspend the rules
to discharge the Judiciary Committee from the
further consideration of House bill No. 322, " to
do equa^justice to the States," in order to have
it put upon its passage.
The bill was read. It provides that from and
after and during this Congress, in all cases when
any portion of the public land is granted by Con-
gress to any State, or to any county, township,
school, company, or corporation in any State,
there shall also, at the same time, be granted to
each of the other States, other public lands in
quantity so that each State, at the same time, shall
receive of the public lands equally in proportion
to the representation of such States m Congress;
provided, however, that in a grunt of the right of
way for roads of all kinds through the public lands
in any State, and the lands given to any State on
its admission, shall not entitle the other States to
receive any lands as an equivalent therefor. It
directs that the Commissioner of the Public Lands,
under the direction of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, shall issue to each of the States land warrants
to the amount in all to winch each State is entitled
under this act, and it authorizes the States sever-
ally to receive and to sell and dispose of the land
warrants for their own useful purposes, and the
warrants are to be valid and effectual in the hands
of any owner or holder thereof, and may be lo-
cated by such owner or holder upon any public
lands for sale or subject to private entry, and the
same fees tobepaid therefor by the holders thereof.
And the title of the land so located by any owner
or holder of the land warrants shall bfc secured
and perfected to such owner or holder in the same
manner as other land warrants issued by the Uni-
ted States. The land warrants shall be engraved
and printed, so as to prevent deception and coun-
terfeiting; shall be signed by the Secretary of the
Interior or Commissioner of the Public Lands, or
for them by such other persons as the Secretary
may direct, and countersigned by the Governor
of each State receiving the same, or by such other
officers as the States may respectively designate
for that purpose; and the land warrants be for not
less than eighty nor over one hundred and sixty
acres each; provided no State shall be authouzed
to locate any warrants in its own name or for its
own benefit; and that no warrants issued under
the provisions of this act shall bo loeated upon
any lands to which there shall be any preemption
right, or on which there shall be any actual set-
tlement or cultivation, except by the person hold-
ing such preemption right, or by such settler or
cultivator.
It also enacts that hereafter, whenever, at the
end of each fiscal year, there shall remain in the
Treasury of the United States a surplus over and
above the immediate demands on the Treasury,
and the sum of $6,000,000, subject to the Treas-
urer's draft in paymentof warrants, such surplus
shall be deposited' with such of the several States,
in proportion to their respective representation in
the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States, as shall by law authorize their
treasurers or other competent authorities to re-
ceive the same on the terms hereinafter specified;
and the Secretary of the Treasury shall deliver
the same to such treasurers or other competent
authorities on receiving certificates of deposit
therefor,signed by such competent authorities, in
such form as may be prescribed by the Secretary,
which certificates shall express the usual and legal
obligations, and pledge the faith of the State for
the safe-keeping and repayment thereof, and shall
pledge the faith of the States receiving the same
to pay the moneys, from time to time, whenever
the same shall be required, under the authority of
Congress, by the Secretaiy of the Ticasury for
the purpose of defraying*any wants of the public
Treasury beyond the amount of the $6,000,000;
provided, that if any State declines to receive its
proportion of the surplus on the terms before
named, the same shall be deposited with the other
States agreeing to accept the same on deposit in
the proportion aforesaid; and provided further,
that when said money or any part thereof shall
be wanted by the Secretary to meet appropria-
tions by law, the same shall be called for in rata-
ble proportions, within one year, as nearly as
conveniently may be, from the different States
with which the same is deposited, and shall not
bo called for in sums exceeding $10,000 from any
one State in any one month without previous
notice of thirty days for every additional sum of
§20,000 which may at any time be required; and
provided further, that the surplus moneys in the
Treasury required to be deposited shall not ex-
ceed the proceeds of the sales of the public lands
from and after the passage of tins act.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Oh, that has no
chance here. [Laughter.]
Mr. BURCH. As it is impossible to make the
provisions retroactive, I object to the reception of
that bill. •
Mr. HATTON. I move to suspend the rules;
and on that I call for the yeas and nays. I want
to sec who is in favor of justice in disbursing
these public lands.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative-—yeas 53, nays 89; as follows:
YEAS—M(.*hsis. Gtecn Adams William C. Anderson,
Fiancts P. Wan, Rotelcr, Bouligny, Brabson, Bianeh,
Brings*, Riistow, Builmgame, Iloiaee F. Clark, Corwin,
Covod'e, li. Winter Dave-, Dawes, Eliot, Etnendge,Fo<<tei,
Fouke, Gilmer,Good), Hale, Ilaidoman, J. Mormon Har-
ris, Ilatton. Ilelnuck, Hill, lloaid, Wjlliain A. Ilowaul,
Humphrey, Junkin, Fiance W. Kellogg, Kilgore, KilUncer,
J .lines M. Leaoh, LongneekL'i, Mallory, Ma\ naid, Edw aid
Joy Moriis,Ni?Uon,Ni.\on, IVrty, Rieo, Ro\ce, Sedgwick,
WUitam N. H. Smith, Somes. Stoke*, Sti.uton, Thavci.
Undetwood. Vallandiaham, and Webster—5;}.
NAYfc>—Messrs. Aldui-h, Allen, Alley, Ashley. A«di-
nmie, Aveiy, Barkbdaie, Bin-ihain, Blake. Bonhatn, J'uffin-
ton, Buich, Burnett, Biunham, Butteificld, Carey, Ca-yc,
Clopton. Cobb. Colfax, Cox, Cuiry, Davidson, John G.
Davi , Reuben Davi , Do Jainette, Ddano. EdnnuKkon,
English, Feiry, Florence, Gaifiell, Gtahnm, Grow, Gm-
leyj John '1'. Harris, Houston. William Ilowaul, Hughes,
llutcfnns. Jenkins, Jones, Keitt, Kenjon, DeWitt C.
Leach, Leake, Looim*, Love, Maeiay. MelCean, Mc-
Rliei<on. Metiueen. Miles, Sydenham Mooie, Moorhead,
Niblack. Palmer, Pemlletun, PuUit,P(.:\U>n, Porter, Potter,
Pu«h. Reagan, Riaim, < 'In i .topher Robin ..on, RufVin, Single-
ton, William Smith, Spinner. Stalhvoith, Stanton, James
A. Stewart, Tappan, Ta>lor, Thomas, Tompkins, 'fumble,
Venee, Wade, (Jadw aiadei (' Wa-hlmrn. Eihbu B. W.vli-
hurne, Wells, Wimiom, Winslow, WoodiulT, Woodson,
and Wiight—£9.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
During the vote,
Mr. BRANCH, when his name was called,
said: In the hope and anticipation of having an
opportunity to amend this bill, so that it will do
equal and exact justice to all the States without
violating the Constitution, i vote "ay."
Mr. BURCH, when his name was called, said:
Knowing that it would be impossible to do equal
justice to all the States without making the bill
retroactive, I vote "no."
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, when his name was
called, said: 1 was so much delighted with the
titie of the bill that I felt I could not help voting
for it; but, sir, it was like most of the promises
that have been made, full of deception. I there-
fore vote "no."
The result was announced as above recorded.
EMILIE G. JONES AND NANCY M. JOHNSON.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to discharge the Com-
mittee of the "Whole House from the further con-
sideration of Senate bill (C. C. No. 206) for the
relief of Emihe G. Jones, executrix ofThomas P.
Jones, and Nancy M. Johnson, administratrix of
Walter M. Johnson, deceased. If the House
will hear me for a moment, I think there will be
no objection. It is a bill which has passed the
Court of Claims unanimously, which has passed
the Senate twice unanimously, and is unani-
mously reported from the Committee of-Claims of
this House.
The bill was read. The first section directsthe
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to EmiKe G.
Jones, executrix of Thomas P. Jones, deceased,
the sum of $2,250, in full for the services of
Thomas P. Jones as a member of the board of ex-
aminers appointed by the Secretary of the Navy
under the provisions of the act of Congress ap-
proved March 3, 1843, entitled "An act to mod-
ify the act entitled 'An act to provide for the
better security of the lives of passengers on board
of vessels propelled in whole or in part by steam,'"
approved July 7, 1838. The second section di-
rects the Secretary of tine Treasury to pay to
Nancy M. Johnson, administratrix of Walter R.
Johnson, deceased, the sum of $2,250, in full fo*
the services of "Walter R. Johnson as a member
of the board of examiners appointed by the Sec-
retary of the Navy, under the provisions of the
same act of Congress, approved March 3, 1843.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for the reading of the
report in that case.
The report was read. It sets forth that Thomas
P. Jones and Walter R. Johnson were, together
with Charles Rceder, appointed membeis of a
" board of examiners to make experimental trials
of inventions and plans to prevent ihe explosion
of steam boilers;" that they were appointed by
the Secretary of the Navy, in April, 1843, and on
the 14th of that month entered on the discharge
of theirduties, and continued thus employeduntil
the 30th March, 1844. Their compensation was
fixed at $300 per month. This amount was paid
them until August, 1843, when the appropriation
wasexhausted. Noappropiiation has since been
made out of which the amount could bo paid, and
the present claim is for the amount of salary fixed
by the Secretary of the Navy.
There being no objection to the bill, it was or-
dered to a third reading; and was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM moved to rcconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
A. T. SPENCER AND GURDON S- IIUBRARD-
Mr. FARNSWORTH obtained the floor.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a privi-
leged question, if a privileged question is entitled
to be heard here. I desire to make a motion to
adjourn, and to ask the yeas and nays upon that
motion, because you see what an undignified
scene we have presented here before us,in a grand
lush for the purpose of moving a suspension of
the rules. I think we had better adjourn than to
have this thing continue.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
has the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move a-suspcnsion
of the rules, for the purpose of discharging the
Committee of the Whole House from the further
consideration of Seriate bill No. 221, for the re-
lief of A. P. Spencer and Gurdon S. Hubbard.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would inquire if
there was not a similar motion made the other day
in this case ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no knowledge
of it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will state
that this is one of the justest claims that ever came
before Congress.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is it in older to move that
the House take a recess now r If it is, I make
that motion.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order at present.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then 1 move that the House
do now adjourn; and I ask for the yeas and nays
upon it.
Mr. BURNETT demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays,.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cukky and
Tappan were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
thirty in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 18, nays 139; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Ashmore, Avery, Bonham, Burnett,
