1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1279
invoked in aid of the law by virtue of which we
arc acting.
In the first place, let me inquire very briefly
into the force and true meaning of the terms
" member of Congress" and " Representative in
Congress," for evidently upon a supposed differ-
ence in meaning of these expressions has origin-
ated the uncertainty in this case, and upon which
supposed difference has been constructed the argu-
ment which occasions our difficulty.
I contend that virtually there is no difference
between them; that they are convertible terms,
and of equal constitutional effect; terms employed
in common parlance, recognized habitually by the
body of the people, with but one meaning, and
obligatory m that sense upon every returning offi-
cer throughout the United States, wherever and
whenever they may occur. What, sir, is the sig-
nificancy of the common parlance? Why, that
the sitting member is a member of Congress. I
grant you that in strict verbal criticism the ex-
pression "member of Congress"is obnoxious to
the charge of uncertainty; but it has an accepted,
common, intelligible, and certain meaning, intel-
ligibly employed by all.
But, sir, I maintain that if my colleague [Mr.
Contkling] was correct m the position which he
yesterday assumed, that it does not follow that
because a person is a member of Congress he
must therefore necessarily be a Representative
in Congress; yet, if there are certain facts and
circumstances, as in this instance, connected with
that designation, I contend that it is equivalent to
the term " Representative in Congress,"
IN ow, sir, the Constitution, at article one, section
one, refers to " members of the House of Repre-
sentatives;" at section five of the same article, m
respect to their qualifications, their punishment,
and their expulsion, the Constitution again refers
to " members of the House of Representatives "
Rut, sir, let me invite another consideration. The
Constitution also directs thatmembers of Con-
gress" shall be elected by the people of the States;
but it also directs that Senators shall he elected by
the Legislatures of the several States. Thus, sir,
if we shall have presented by any official docu-
ment, as we have here presented, the fact that a
gentleman was elcctcd in one of the congressional
districts of any State a member of Congress, the
term "member of Congress" in such case would,
in my judgment, be convertible into the term
" Representative in Congress." For, sir, it would
be impossible, under the circumstances, that the
gentleman could have been elected a Senator, for
he would have been eleeted by the people in his
congressional district; and if elected a member of
Congress, evidently he could have been elected to
nothing but o seat upon the floor of the House of
Representatives. This is no technical argument;
it is based upon a common-sense view of^the case;
and if 1 am able at this time to show that a mem-
ber of Congress is, within the common-sense con-
struction of the Constitution, a Representative in
Congress, then is the whole argument disposed of.
Mr. Speaker, I now come to this branch of the
question, namely: what was it that the board of
State canvassers of the State of New York de-
termined? As a preliminary to that considera-
tion, I should refer to the action of the House
upon the matter in hand. There were six mem-
bers elected from the city and county of New
York, and each one of those members held and
holds his seat by the same title which appertains
to the sitting member from the third congressional
district. Upon the same title these members were
admitted to their seats without protest and objec-
tion. The House is, by the Constitution, the
judge of the qualification and title of its members
to their seats. It follows, then, that the evidence
which was present here in the hands of the Clerk
was sufficient, in the judgment of the House, to
entitle these gentlemen to seats upon this floor.
If that may be assumed, and I contend that it is
inferable from the action of the House upon the
occasion of its organization, then the contestant
is estopped from setting up that there was not an
election, or that there was no legal determination
to that effect. I grant you that if a protest had
been presented, the question might have been far
otherwise; for the sitting member would then
have been construed as occupying his seat under
the conditional protest interposed by the contest-
aDWith this preliminary observation, I proceed
to argue, with great brevity, the character and na-
ture of the paper or instrument which has been
presented here, and upon which the sitting mem-
ber claims title to his scat. It will be recollectcd
by the House that the terms of the law of 1851
require that any person who intends to contcst
any election of a member to this House shall,
within thirty days affer the result of such election
shall have been determined by the officer, or board
of officers, authorized by law, give notice, &c.
My proposition, then, is distinctly this: that the
paper which was signed by the board of can-
vassers of the State of New York is a legal, full,
and efficacious determination of the result of the
election in the third congressional district of New
York; and I think, sir, that it will require no
great ability nor force of legal reasoning to arrive
at a corresponding conclusion, and to ibrjify it.
It will be recollected that the statutes of the
State of New York require that the board of can-
vassers shall make a statement of the votes cast
at any election for various offices; and that upon
that statement they shall determine and declare
what perspns have been, by the greatest number
of votes, duly elected to such offices, or either of
them. Here arc three distinct acts which are
made imperative upon the board of State can-
vassers: first, a statement of the votes; second, a
determination of the result of tin4 election; and
third, a declaration of the names of those persons
who have been elected. 1 call upon the House to
observe this, that the language of the Federal law
of 1851 has specific reference alone to the determ-
ination, to the judicial action, of the board.—not
to cither their ministerial or mechanical action.
Will any one here use m his place and main-
tain or argue that the counting of a number of
votes is a judicial act? Certainly not; and the
summary of the votes constitutes the statement,
which is ministerial. Will any one rise m his
seat and declare here that the declaration of the
name of the person who is elected is a judicial
act? Not one; the man who would do so might
as well point to yonder clock and declare that the
indicators upon its face of the houis of the day
die performing a judicial act, as to maintain that
the declaration of the name of the successful
party is a judicial action on the part of those who
are charged with that duty. The springs within
the clock are the motors of the action without, as
here, sir, the determination, the conclusion, and
the judgment of results is the source whence
pomes the declaration, and is the alone judicial
power vested in the hands of the board of State
canvasscis. This they performed. They determ-
ined what the law required. I challenge any
gentleman upon the opposite benches to gainsay
that this board of canvassers did not perform
their judicial functions and did not determine the
result of the election.
Let us, sir, see what it js to winch they certify.
They certify, from the returns made to them—
what? That so many voles were east in such a
district, so many in another, and so on, through
the whole six districts of the city and county of
New Yoik*. and then, having made this state-
ment, they determine ui these words, namely:
<• Wo fuitlier cn?iti'V that, in the said third concessional |
district, Darnel E. Sickles icccived the gicauvst numbci of ;
vote*- for the said designation ofmembei of Congress." j
What is that, if it be not a determination ? They ,
have already calculated, already presented, al- ;
ready proclaimed the whole number of votes,'luid ;
how munyVach one received. Having dono that,
they then determine that Mr. Sickles received the
tfieatest number of votes in his district. Let me
allude, at this point, to an authority which I take
to be conclusive upon this line of the argument.
It is so pertinent and of such authoiity that I am
assured I may be pardoned for reading it. It is
as follows:
'• As it is the <1ut\ of returning officer^ in the firnl in-
stance, to decide upon the. result of an ejection, and it, in
then iud<rment. an election has taken place, to make a le-
turn of the person elcctcd, wheie thej und.-itake to relievo
themselves fiom this responsibility In makmga conditional ,
retutn—tliat i«, by statin" ecitain tacts— and referring the
question of their legal operation to the itidgmenl ot tin.
body to winch tlie return made, the return will be re-
ceivedas an unconditional one."—Cusjnng's Law and 1rac-
hce of Parliamentary Assemblies, s. 174, and cases and au-
thorities there cited.
Now let. me suppose here, that having determ-
ined what were the facts within the purview and
force of this authority, the canvassers determ-
ined to submit these facts to the judgment of the.
House, and upon its strength it is clear that it is
none the less a determination, and must be so con-
sidered in connection with tlie administration of
all parliamentary law.
But I have not done yet with this portion of the
case. What more has the board of canvassers
accomplished? Thus far, sir, we learn of their
affirmative action. The statute of the State ofNew
York requires that the board shall determine and
declare. Does the statute then require that they
shall do nothing? No, that would be absurd; and
yet that b«ard proceeds to do something else in
negation of that other something which they un-
dertake to prove not to exist, namely :
" That inasmuch as said office was not legally designated
in the returns ot the county canvassers of the takl county
of New Yoik to this boaid, we cannot certify to the elec-
tion of any persons to the office of Representatives in Con-
gress, In the said respective districts."
"Where, sir, did they procure the power to cer-
tify that no one was elcctcd? I sec in the statute
the obligation imposed upon them to declare when
a person is elected; but nowhere the power to
certify that no one was elected. They having
then, sir, performed their duty, and determined
that somebody was elected, these men—if there
was not one Solon among them, these transactions
disclose that there was at least one solan goose—
having determined in their official robes and per-
formed the full functions of their office, proceed
to declare—not it is presumed being thereunto
controlled by either private or personal animosity,
nor yet by a regard for the general good—what
has not been done. Sir, that declaration is coram
nonjudicc, and is as worthless as so much blank
paper. And I defy gentlemen from whatever part
of the country they may proceed, with whatever
official robes they may be invested, to maintain
and prove that to be official which they are not
authorized to declare by the law under which they
act.
But, sir, let me come to another consideration
regarding this statement. The board furthersay:
<k We fimher certify that a certificate of the county clerk
lias been presented to us, mating that all the ballots re-
turned to and liled in his office, as used at said ejection,for
tlie uloie^jud poison*, were for JU>pre*cntauve in Congress,
and not loi - member of Congress.' >5
Sir, is the House not aware of the fact, that the
returns, having been acted upon by the board of
county canvassers, must necessarily be trans-
ferred to the county cleik's office ? Are they not
also aware, that that county clerk, with his ar-
chives before him, cei tified it to be error in the board
of county canvassers when they declared that the
votes were cast for "member of Congress ?" And
if the board of State canvassers were thus officially
enlightened, I will on this wise answer gentlemen
upon the other side of the House, when unfa-
vorably commenting upon this difference in tlie
sources whence flowed information to the board
of State canvassers, that the authority of the offi-
cial iccord, on file in the county clerk's office in
the county and city of New York, was of equal
authority with the returns of the supervisors of
the city of New York, or of the board of county
canvassers.
But I am not obliged, by stress of argument, to
rely entirely upon these considerations. I, sir,
recur to the position which I took in the first place
in reference to the determination of the result of
the election, namely: that the result of the elec-
tion having been proclaimed by the proper au-
thority when returning that so many votes, and
of those that a majority had been cast for Daniel
E. Sickles, the sitting member from the third
congressional district ofNew York, was in legal
effect a determination of the result of the election.
What more? Was it necessary for them in.ad-
diturn-to declare his election? That would not
have been a determination within the purview of
the law of 1851. It would have been merely a
sequence of the determinaiion; and without that
declaration the determination would have con-
trolled the title to the seat. Then, sir, the conclu-
sion is unavoidable, that this was a determination
of the number of votes cast for member of Con-
gress. And if it appears here upon the face of the
determination that a majority of those votes were
cast in this instance for the sitting member, it
must follow, as well upon the statement of the
argument, as upon a statement of the facts, that
the determination referred to by the Federal law
was made at the time this paper was signed—the
21st of December, 1858,
