8168
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19.
Burton Craige, Crawford, Houston, Jones, Keitt, Landrum,
JLove,Maclay, McQueen, Miles, Pugh, Reagan, Thomas,
and Underwood—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Allen,
Allev, William 0. Anderson, Ashley, Babbitt, Barr, Beale,
Bingham, Francis P. Blair, Blake, Boteler, Bouligny,
Brabson, Branch, Briggs, Bristow, Butfinton, Burch, Bur-
li&game, Burnham, Butteifield, Carey, Carter, Case, Clop-
ton, Cobb, Colfax, Corwin,Covode, Cox, Curry, Davidson,
John G. Davis, Reuben Davis, Dawes, De Jam cue, Del-
ano, Duel!, Dunn, Edmundson, Eliot,Ely, English, Farns-
worth, Florence, Foster, French, Gartrell, Goocli, Grow,
Gurley, Hale, Hall, Hardeman, J. Morrison Harris, John
T. Harris, Hatton,lIclmiek, Hill, Hoard,William Howard,
William A. Howard,Hughes, Humphrey, Jenkins, Junkin,
Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore,
Larrabee, DeWitt C. Leach, Leake, Lee, Longnecker,
Loomis, Mallory, Maynard, McKean, McKnight, Millson,
Labun T. Moore, Sydenham Moore, Moorhead, Morrill,
Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Nelson, Nixon, Ohn,
Perry, Pettit, Phelps, Porter, Potter, Quaiies, Rice, Iliggs,
Christopher Robin&on, Royce, Ruffin, Sedgwick, Sherman,
Sickles, Singleton, William Smith, William N. H\ Smith,
Spaulding, Spinner, Stallworth, Stanton, Stevens, James
A. Stewart, Stokes, Stratton, Tappan, Taylor, Thayer,
Tompkins-, Train, Trimble, Vance, Vandever, Van Wyck,
Verree, YVade, VValton, Cadvvalader C. Washburn, Elhhu
B. Washbuwe, Israel Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Windom,
Winslow, Woodruff, Woodson, and Wright—139.
During the roll-call,
Mr. GtUARLES, when his name was* called,
said: I was temporarily absent from the Hall
when the vote was taken on the bill of the gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. Gilmer] to do
equal justice to all the States. If I had boon in,
I should have voted to suspend the rules. Whilst
my vote would not have altered the result, 1 de-
sire this statement to appear on the record.
Mr. VANCE, when ins name was called,said:
When the vote was taken just now on the motion
of my colleague to suspend the rules and put upon
its passage his bill for equalizing- the distribution
of the public lands among the several States, I
Was temporarily absent, having gone to the Sen-
ate* with a constituent and friend. Had I been
present, I should have voted in favor of the sus-
pension.
Mr. CARTER said: As there is some import-
ant business from the Committee for the District
of Columbia that should be laid before the House,
I vote " no."
The SPEAKER was proceeding to announce
the result of the vote.
Mr, HOUSTON. The names have not been
read over, and unless the gentleman from Ohio is
ready with some of the appropriation bills, I in-
sist on their hoina: read.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. f desire to say to the House, as chairman
of the Committee on Enrollment, that there are
five or six bills on the Speaker's table that have
passed the House, and have been returned from
the Senate with slight amendments. If you do
not take them up and dispose of those amend-
ments before you act on the appropriation bills,
the prospect is that you wilt lose them, because
the Committee on Enrolled Bills will have no op-
portunity to report them. 1 therefore move that
the House proceed to the business on the Speak-
er's table.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is not a privileged
question.
The SPEAKER. That course can be taken
by unanimous consent.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I object, until the
motion of my colleague is disposed of.
Mr. DAVIDSON. Well, if the bills are lost,
I have done my duty.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I now ask that the
names on the motion to adjourn be read over.
The names were read over; and the Speaker
announced that the motion to adjourn was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now insist on my
motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a question of order.
I make the. point of order that the gentleman from
Illinois was not entitled to be recognized, as he
was not in his seat at the time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will bet that the
gentleman cannot find my seat in this Hall.
The SPEAKER, The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. STANTON. I ask to have the rule on
the yubjet t read.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the gentle-
man from Illinois to allow me to offer a resolution
which will save us all a great deal of trouble. It
will not interfere with his motion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 will hear it read for
information.
The £lerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the States and Territories shall be called
by name, and as called, a member from the State or Ter-
ntoiy so called may rise fiom his place and move a suspen-
sion of the iuIos m such oases as lie may name, upon which
the House shall procecd in order until its final disposition;
and when such .States and Territories shall be called
through, the call shall be recommenced and proceeded with
in like manner.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I must object to that.
Mr. STANTON. I shall be under the neces-
sity of appealing from the decision of the Chair
overruling my point .of order; and I ask for the
reading of the rule.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
" When a member is about to speak in debate on any
matter before the House, lie s>ball rise ft om his seat and
address himself respectfully to the Speaker."
Mr. STANTON. No gentleman is entitled to
the floor unless he rises from his own seat.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Apply the
same rule to my friend from Ohio, and where
would he be?
Mr. STANTON. Right here.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not see
his name marked on the seat where he now is.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen have no partic-
ular seats m this Hall. They sit where they
please.
Mr. STANTON. If the rule was observed, it
would avoid all this confusion, and rushing into
the centernrea.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman from Illinois was in order. No seats have
been drawn for or specially assigned this session;
and therefore it is impossible to say when a
member is in his scat or out of it.
Mr. SICKLES. Let the bill be read.
The bill was read. It dirccts the Postmaster
General to pay, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, to A. T. Spen-
ccr and Gurdon S. Hubbard, for carrying the
United States mail from Chicago, Illinois, to Mack-
inac, Saul tSte. Marie, Marquette, Copper Harbor,
Eagle Harbor, Eagle River, and Ontonagon, Mich-
igan, and La Pointeand Superior, Wisconsin, from
1854 to 1&59, inclusive, in all cases where it is
shown to the satisfaction of the Postmaster Gen-
eral that the mail was earned by authority of the
postmasters or agents of the Post Office Depart-
ment, and without a contract with the Depart-
ment, an amount equal per trip to that allowed by
the Department, under contract last season, to the
owners of the .steamers North Star and Ulinios,
performing similar trips between Detroit, Michi-
gan, and the same ports upon Lake Superior.
Mr. HOARD. I ask for the reading of the
report.
The report was read.
Mr. HOARD. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Illinois how much money this bill will prob-
ably take from the Treasury, if it is passed ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 will give the gentle-
man what information I have upon that subject.
It appeared, from the proof which was before the
committee, that one hundred and three trips were
performed. The same service was afterwards
contracted for at the rate of $100 per trip, which,
as it is over a route of twelve hundied miles, is
very cheap service. The committee, therefore,
fixed the compensation for this service at the same
rate.
Mr. HOARD. I now desire to ask the gentle-
man another question. If the rules are sus-
pended, will the gentleman permit an amendment
to be offered limiting the amount to $10,300,
which will be at the rate he names?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, sir; lam will-
ing that such an amendment should be offered.
Jt may endanger the bill itst-lf, as it would have
to go back to the Senate; but I am willing it
should be offered.
Mr. BRANCH. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. STANTON. I move to lay the motion to
suspend the rules on the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order.
Mr. STANTON. Well, sir, then I think the
House had better adjourn. This combination
shall not profit with my consent, I move that the
House adjourn; and on that motion I call the yeas
and nays.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to obtain
some information from the gentleman from Illi-
nois in reference to this matter.
Mr. BARKSDALE. If the House adjourns
now, when will it meet again r
The SPEAKER. At eleven o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. BURNETT. I call for tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to adjourn was disagreed to.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion
to suspend the rules.
Mr. BURNETT. I now move that the House
adjourn; and upon that motion I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative-—yeas 22, nays 134; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashinore, Avery, Bark^dale, Bonham,
Bristow, Burnett, Burton Craige, Crawford, John G. Davis,
Hill, Jones, Keitt, Love, McQueen, Mcllae, Miles, Pugh,
Sickles, William Stewart, Tappan, Thomas, and Under-
wood—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Green Adams, Aldrich, Allen, Alley,
William C. Anderson, Ashley. Babbitt, Barr, IJealc, Bing-
ham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Boeockx Bouligny, Boyce,
Brabson, Branch, Bray ton, Briggs, Bufhnton, Burch, Bur-
Ungamc, Burnham, Buttejfield, Carey, Carter, Case, Clop-
ton, Cobb, Colfax, Corvvni, Cox, Curry, Curtis, Davidson,
H. Winter Davis, Dawes, De Jarnette, Delano, I^uell, Ed-
mundson, Eliot, Ely, English, Etheridge, Famsworth,
Ferry, Floience, Foster, Fouke, French, Gartrell, Gilmer,
Graham, Grow, Gurley, Hale, Hall, John T. Hairfc,.flat-
ton, llehnick, Hoaul, Houston, William Howard, William
A. Howard, Hughes, Ilutchins, Jenkins, Junkin, Francis
W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgoie, Killingcr,
Landium, Lairaheo, Leake, Lee, J.oomts, Maynard, Mc-
Kean, McKnight. MePherson, Miliwaul, Lahan T. Moore,
Sydenham Moore, Mooihead, Mortill, NoNon, Niblaek,
Ni.\on, Palmer, Pendleton, Pony, Petut, Peyton, Phelps,
Poiter. Potter, Ciuarles. Reagan, Uiggs. Chi islopher Robin-
son, Royce, Ituflin, Sedgwick, Slieunan, Singleton,William
N. II. Smith, Somes, Spinner, Stallworth," Stanton, Ste-
venson, Stokes, Stiatton, Taylor, Thayer. Theaker, Tomp-
km%Tiain, Trimble, Vance, Vandever, Van Wyck, Wade,
Cadwalader C. Wa&hbum, Israel Washburn, Wells, Wil-
son, Windom, Woodtuff, Woodson, and Wright—134.
So the House refused to adjourn.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. HILL, when his name was called, said:
I discover that there is a sense of returning jus-
tice upon the part of this House, We have boon
hastening the public business too rapidly. 1 have
heretofore voted a *• no" upon these motions to
adjourn; but in the present instance I shall vote
in the affirmative, finding that the sense of the
House seems to be that the proper course is to
come here and sit for an hour or two, and then
retire, and meditate upon the public business.
[Laughter.]
The question then rccurred on the motion to
suspend the rules.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I rise to a question
of privilege. I desire to make a report from the
committee of conference on the Army bill.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to know
if that necessarily supersedes the motion to sus-
pend the rules? If it does, I object.
The SPEAKER. It does not, if the gentleman
insists upon his objection.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, I withdraw my
objection.
Mr. BARR, (in his seat.) I object.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I hope the gentleman will
not insist upon his objection. It is necessary,if
these bills are to be enrolled, and the committee
have time to examine them, that they should be
passed.
Mr. BARR I will say I have been trying for
four weeks to get the floor to get up a private bill
for the benefit of a poor man. I object.
Mr. MALLORY. The gentleman from New
Yoik objected in time, but did it in his seat. I
submit that the objection could not have been prop-
erly received by the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will consider the
report before the House.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, from the committee
of conference on the Army bill, then submitted
the following report: "
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
tiie two Houses oti the amendments to the bill (fl. R. No.
305) making appropriations for the support of the Army tor
the year ending the 30th of June, 1861, having met, altera
full and free conf'eience have agreed to recommend to tlieir
respective Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede from the following amendments;
Mh,.tenth, eleventh, forty-eighth.
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
