262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 27,
shvieker' talks about the c growing and overpowering influ-
ence of the slave power,' as all of them do every time they
talk, he can take off his hat and politely show the disciple
of Giddmgs, Greeley, & Co., that he is slightly mistaken:
Free States.
1811. 1822. 1832. 1842. 1852.
New Hampshire  6 6 5 4 3
Massachusetts 20 13 12 10 10 .
Vermont  6 5 5 4 3
Rhode Island 2 2 2 2 2
Connecticut 7 6 6 5 5
New York 27 34 40 34 33
New Jersey  6 6 6 5 5
Pennsylvania 23 26 28 23 25
Ohio  6 14 19 21 21
Maine - 7 8 7 6
Indiana - 3 7 10 11
Illinois - 1 3 7 9
Michigan - - - 3 4
Wisconsin  3
Jowa - - - - 1
Cahtornia - - - - 2
Total   93 123 141 135 143
Slave States.
1811. 1822. 1832. 1842. 1852.
Dclawaic  11111
Maij land  9 9 8 6 5
Vuginia 23 22 21 15 13
North Carolina {8 13 13 9 8
South Carolina  9 9 9 7 6
Georgia 6 7 9 8 8
Kentucky 10 12 13 10 10
Tennessee  6 9 13 11 10
Alabama - 2 5 7 7
Mississippi - 1 2 4 5
Louisiana - 3 3 4 4
Mfcsoiui - 1 2 5 7
Alkalies - - - 2
Texas - - - 2
Florida - - - - 1
Total 78 19 99 87 90
Difference in lavor of the
Irce States 15 35 42 48 53
The majority is now fifty-seven, and in the next
House of Representatives the non-slaveholding
States will have more than two-thirds of that body.
"What "appliances of patronage" then, are at the
command of slavery? How is a minority to ob-
tain ''a mtyorityHow can a minority defeat
"the admission of free Slates, and secure the
admission of slave States'" &c. Never! Sla-
very cannot hope to suceced in " the free States"
until they "shall be sufficiently demoralized to
tolerate these designs." And, lull of sadness at
the melancholy prospect before him, he gloomily
jiToelaims, " For one, I should not remain in the
country to test the sad experiment;" but" while
looking abroad over the whole earth for a new and
more congenial home," I shall say with Fumk-
lin, "where liberty dwells, there is my country."
What wretched, shameful hypocrisy is this! How
utterly beneath contempt!
In 1838, when Mr. Seward was a candidate for
the office of Governor of New York, there was a
law in the State, protecting the rights of masters
in their slaves while in transitu. The question
was put to him, to know if he was in fjvor of its
continuance, to which he promptly answered m
the affirmative. In his reply, he said:
But, gentlemen, hemg deshous to he entiicly candid in
tins communication, it is pioprr to say that I am not con-
vinced that it would be cither wipe, expedient, oi humane
to declare to oui fellow-citizensof the southern and south-
western States that, if they travel to or from, or pass through
fho State of Now York, they shall not bring with them the
attendants whom custom or education or habit may have
rendeied necessary to them. I have nor been able to dis-
cover anv good object to be obtained by such an at t r f
mliopJ taht>."
In some ten years, and perhaps less, we hoar
htm proclaiming to the people of Ohio. " We
can abolish slavery, and y< a and 1 must do it."
And now wc see lum speaking of the " irrepiessi-
bloconflict" calmly, as if i ordinary matier, ut-
terly falsifying the truths of history, imputing
motives and charging designs never entertained,
expressing opinions as to tin- probability of results
which hu knows are philosophically and phys-
ically impossible. "Oh! shame, where is thy
Mush?"
What do the Abolitionists say upon this sub-
ject' E know that Helper in his book draws a
distinction between the Abolitionists and Repub-
licans; that the Republican is the tadpole, m the
infancy of development, and the Abolitionist the
full-grown frog. That is the distinction which
he draws; and, sir, just as certain as the shadow
follows the substance which creates it, so certainly
will this tadpole, unless crushed out by the patri-
otic intelligence of the American people, grow into
the Abolition frog- To show in what character
the Republican party is held by the Abolitionists,
those who surely must know them, let us see what
the Boston Liberator says? That is Garrison's
paper—the organ of that man so warmly eulogized
by Senator Wilson, of Massachusetts. Says the
Liberator:
" The Republican party is molding public sentiment in
the right direction for the specific work the Abolitionists
aie striving to accomplish, namely, the dissolution of the
Union, and the abolition of slavery throughout the lands*
Yes, gentlemen, and I beg it may be remem-
bered that the avowed object of Abolitionism is
to promote the dissolution of this Union, and the
abolition of slavery throughout the land. Yes,
sir, " the Republican party is molding public sen-
timent in the right direction for the specific work
the Abolitionists are striving to accomplish."
Here is the testimonial of one who knows. Here
is the testimony of one who is indorsed by a Sen-
ator of the United States. Wendell Phillips, to
the same purpose, says:
" There is merit in the Republican party. It is this: It
is the first sectional party ever organized in this couutiv.
It is the North arrayed against the youth. The first crack
in the iccbeig is visible; jou will yet hear it go with a
crack through the center."
Here Wendell Phillips hails the action of the
Republican party as leading to that consumma-
tion so much desired.
I ask this House, if these successive demon-
strations of public opinion from the highest sources
are not of the most unfriendly character? I ask
whether they do not compel us to the conviction
that we ore to be the victims of a vindictive and
destructive effort whjch, it is feared, will have no
ending until this Union is dissolved :
I have then, Mr. Clerk, followed this whole
question of slavery in skeleton form, it is true,
from its solemn adjustment in the Federal Con-
stitution to the present hour. I ask, if I ha\enot
stated matteis enough, with many others which
my time will not allow me to enumerate, to excite
the wrath of the South, and to arouse our vigi-
lance, and indeed to make us distrustful of those
with whom it was expected we would live on terms
of cordiality and affection. At this time, and under
such circumstances, on Sunday night, the 16th
of October last, John Brown, with his confed-
erates, stealthily moved into the little town of
Harper's Ferry. He made no noise, quietly cap-
tured those persons with w hom he chnnced to meet,
took possession of the public armoiy, which was
wholly unprotected, and took many of the work-
men of the public workshops prisoners, as they
severally repaired on Monday morning to their
daily toil. Under the circumstances, this achieve-
ment was only remarkable for its audacity. The
news, however, ^on took wings. Early on Mon-
day morning it reached Charlestown, ten miles
off. The Jefferson G'unrds weie promptly ordeied
under arms, and by half past eleven o^cloek on
Monday, had reached Ilarper's Ferry, which
place was completely inv< sted by noon; between
three and four o'clock, p. m., although m the
midst of a severe storm, three fouiths of the in-
vaders had been killed and wounded and taken
prisoners, andBrown and the remnant of his party
driven into the armory. Then it was, that Brown
stmt out a flag with a proposition, which was de-
clined, but which brought ni^ht, ami with night
came the United Slates marines. Colonel Lee,
iii command of the marines, for the same reasons
which had influenced the volunteei s, postponed all
further attack until the following morning, Tues-
day. In truth, tlm work in eifect was ended on
Monday. Yet, see how the North recites the
case:
"Mr. Phillip-!. For this is the testimonv of even* man
at Chailestown and Haiper's Peu\: for there was not a
man in .ill \ lignua \\ hu looked in die laee of John Blown
who was not m<-lt jd into admn.ition of the man and hu
motives. But I was trying to trace him. In tiie fu--t place
lie said: 'With twenty men J can take po^c^ion o( a
southern town and keep it foi twenty-four houis, and I
shall let the slaves know it, and they can conic to me if
they wish.5 lie did it; he took possession ot Harpers
Ferry, and held it from Sunday night to Monday night, un-
attacked. lie collected some thirty slaves there, and six-
teen of them stand to-day safe from the vulture ot thhty
States, under the shelter of the English flag in Canada.
[Piolonged applause.] That is something. Well, then, he
stood there unchccked. On Monday night, at ten o'clock,
he was the master of the State of Virginia. On Tuesday
morning two Virginia companies airived m his vicinity,
looked into the laces of these twentv-two northern men,
and what did they do ? Why, aceouhng to a Mai yland colo-
nel, who described the scene to a tuend of mine, they lan
until they got to the tavern, and they would have got under
the beds if it had been necessary. [Applause, hisses, and
groans.]
" The same stranger in the audience. That is a lie.
" Well, now, I am going on with the account. John
Brown stood there on Tuesday morning until the Martins-
buig company made the fiist assault andweie repulsed.
What followed? Sixteen of your agents, marines, selling
their bodies to your service for eight or ten dollars a month,
approached. He had conquered Virginia, and held her
under his foot. [Hisses and applause.] Well, if he had
not, why did not she send him away? [Applause and
laughter.] There he had stood thirty-six hours. The tele-
graph had flashed the news over half of Virginia. Three
companies had approached twenty-two men, and had been
repulsed. That cannot be excepted to, foi it is the fact.
If they had not run away, they would have been dnven
away. [Hisses and applause.] The United States marines
approached. Now stop a moment. Suppose they had not
approached. Suppose the United States, in the shape of
your agents, had not apptoaclied lum. Say that as a mat-
ter of bullets his cnteiprise was a failure. Suppose he had
stood there Tuesday morning without your interference,
and fifty black men "from the northern counties of Virginia
and Maryland, and from Pennsylvania, wheie black men
shoot slave hunters as in Louisiana—suppose they had
joined him, and he had had seventy-five men instead of
the twenty-two—my impression is that he would havo
gone down to Richmond and—paidoned Governor Wise.
[Laughter, applause, and hisses.] Yes, my impression is,
that if the Union had not faced John Brown, and he had
had another twelve houis to gather about him the coloied
men of northern Vuginia and southern Pennsylvania, he
would have marched over the State.
u Stranger. You know better than that."
I repeat that, in one hour after the news reached
Charlestown, the Jefferson Guards were under
arms, and, by half past eleven o'clock, they were*
at Harper's Ferry, having had to travel on foot
some ten miles. In three and a half hours after
that, in the midst of a storm of rain, not only had
the place been thoroughly and completely in-
vested, but three fourths of these marauders had
been killed, captured or taken. Not a slave, not
a white man had joined John Brown; and the few
he took embraced every opportunity to escape.
Not one escaped to the free States, much less six-
teen, as statcS in the above extract.
After the capture of Brown and his paity, they
were placed in the hands of the civil authorities,
and proceeded against according to law. No hasty
and unusual step was taken. And, when sen-
tenced, the day fixed for his execution was post-
poned over thirty days. Never were criminals
treated with greater kindness. John Brown him-
self so testified. But that is not all. Previous to
proceeding to his execution, Brown executed his
will, and made his jailor and the sheriff the ex-
ecutors to carry out that will. I mention these
things simply to vindicate Virginia against the
aspersions of public opinion in the North.
The following is the true last will and testament
of Old John Brown, " revoking all others," as
published* in the papers, copied from the original
m the Charlestown jail, with Brown's own pen,
&c.:
f, John Brown, a prisoner, now in the piison of Charles-
town, Jefferson countv, Vitgima, do heieby make and or-
dain this as my Ja>t will and testament.
1 will and direct that all my property, being personal
piopei tv, winch is scattered about m the States of Virginia
dud Maryland, should be carefully g.uhcied up by my ex-
Cfutor,.heio:itU'\ appointed, and di-posedoflo the best ad-
vantage, and tlio pioceeds thereof paid over to my beloved
wire, Maiv A. Blown.
Manv of these ai tides arc not of a warlike character, and
I tiust as to such and all other propcitv that I may be en-
titled to. that my lights and the rights of my family may be
respected.
And lastly, I hereby appoint Sheriff John W. Campbell
executor of this,my last will, heioby revoking all otheis.
Witness my hand and seal, tins 2d day of December,
1859. JOHN BROWN, [SEAL.]
Signed, tealed, and delated to be the true last will of
John Biown, in our picscnee. who altered the same at his
icque&t, m his presence and in tJie piesence of each other.
JOHN AVIS,
ANDREW IIUNTER.
CodiaL—I \v!ch mj luends, James W. Campbell,sheriff,
and John Avis, iniloi. a.- a return for their kindness, each
to have a Sharpe's ufle of those belonging to me, or if no
lifle can be had, then each a pistol.
Witness my hand and seal, this 2d day of December,
I.?;,9. .TORN BROWN, [seal.]
Signed, scaled, &c., same as above.
I here drop this subject as I know the Repre-
sentative of that district will do it justice hereaf-
ter, but I deemed it right to correct the statements
which were abroad m tlie land, thus far.
Well, under this state of things I ask this House
what were we to expect ? A generous and indig-
nant uprising of the whole land against this atro-
cious movement—an atrocious movement which
filled us not with alarm, but with amazement. I
awk if it has been received by the country in that
