1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
222*7
an entire mistake. He received the money at the
session at which the decision was made, as most
other Senators did; but this is going back to pre-
vious sessions, at which he was present when it
was paid to nobody. There is no precedent for
it, and no justice in it. It is a mere gift, without
any reason whatever.
Now, sir, so far from the Secretary having
given a positive acceptance when he gave his ac-
ceptance tc Mrs. Linn,it was to be paid when an
appropriation was made to meet it. It was made
dependent upon the appropriation being made by
Congress. Having that paper in her possession,
Mrs. Linn may have negotiated it. If she has,
she must be responsible for it. That is all in re-
lation to the matter. It was made dependent upon
that; and any business man who took it, must
have taken it upon that contingency. It created
no obligation of any kind.
Mr. HAMLIN. If my colleague will allow
me, 1 think he has fallen into one mistake, that Dr.
Linn refused to take it. I think Dr. Linn had
deceased before the decision was made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not say he had. I
said 1 understood it was stated, when this resolu-
tion was passed, that it was for money that Dr.
Linn had refused to take. I say that is an error.
Mr. HAMLIN. It seems to me the argument
of my colleague will be much strengthened by
the fact that pr. Linn had deceased before the
decision was made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not for that session.
This is not foi the session of 1845, at which the
decision was made. The claim is not for that.
No Senator received anything except for that
session when the decision was made; but this is
a claim for mileage for the sessions of 1837 and
1841, long "previous, at which it had been paid to
nobody. The resolution was passed under an j
entire misapprehension on the purl of the Senate, !
and the thing is decidedly wrong in itself. I
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu-
tion will be lead, the reading of which is called
foi by the Senator from Pennsylvania.
The Secretary read, as follows: .
Green submitted the following resolution ; which
was read the fitsi and second time, by unanimous consent:
u Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be directed
fo pay, out of tne contingent fund of the Senate, to Mi$.
E. A. Linn, widow ot ilon. Lewis F. Linn, late a Sen-
ator of the Crated State-* from the State of Missouri, the
amount for mileage at the special sessions in 1837 and i 841,
wot received fty the deceased.
u The Senate pioeeeded to consider the said resolution
as in Commute#* of the Whole ; and, no amendment being
made, it was leported to the Senate.
" Ordered, '1 iiat it be engio;-sed, and >"cad a third time.
" The t-aid resolution wad tead the third tune, by unani-
mous consent.
u Resolved. That It pass."
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to say one word
on this subject. 1 do not know that the Senator
from Maine was present at the time the resolution
passed; but he says, 1 understand, that it was a
claim for money to which Dr. Linn was entitled
for his mileage, according to the construction, and
which others received, but which he, from con-
scientious scruples, refused to receive; and now,
he being dead, his widow, being in necessity,
claims it. J had that understanding. I voted for the
resolution with that understanding. I believe the
honorable Senator from Missouri [Mr. Green]
will say he said so at the time he introduced the
resolution; he informed us he so understood it. 1
understand now that it is for mileage for a session
for which no Senator ever did receive any, and
that is entirely a different thing from what I un-
derstood when the resolution passed.
Mr. GREEN. I informed the Senator from
Vermont, privately, that that was my understand-
ing when I offered it, and I so stated publicly. I
have been so informed by the parties, and I sup-
posed k to be correct. This, however, I will say
in justification of the appropriation: that the law
was precisely the same when he served that it
was when Senators drew this constructive mile-
age. The compensation of Senators and members
of the House of Representatives had not been
changed, I think, since 1818; and yet the law be-
ing the same, Senators, perhaps, who have drawn
it, are not willing to give the widow of Dr. Linn
the same that they have drawn.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand now, in point
of fact, that for those sessions which this resolu-
tion covers, no Senator ever did receive mileage.
Mr. GREEN. I say that the law was the same
in 1841 as it was in 1845. In 1845, they did draw
it. Can any rule of equity therefore be raised to
exclude the widow of Dr. Linn for the like ser-
vice in 1841, when they drew it for like service in
1845?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, there is no
such equity as the Senator from Missouri seems
to suppose. No Senator ever received pay for
constructive mileage for the sessions of 1837 and
1841. In the session of 1845, the decision was
made. That decision was in its terms expressly
confined to that session of 1845. Whether it was
right or not—that is to say, whether it did not ap-
ply, being the construction of a statute, as well to
1837 and to 1841 as to 1845—is another question.
It \fras so confined, however; and the Senators
who received the money, as I believe all but two
or three did, received the constructive mileage for
1845 alone, and for no other time. This opens a
new door. It goes back and gives Mrs. Linn the
constructive mileage of her husband for the ses-
sions of 1837 and 1841—sessions at which no Sen-
ator ever received any constructive mileage at all.
It therefore begins a new chapter; one which, if
followed, will, a§ I am informed, take out of the
Treasury some seventy or eighty thousand dol-
lars for persons who certainly may come in on the
same ground as Mrs. Linn herself, and take that
constructive mileage.
Mr. GREEN. 1 understood that perfectly, and
so stated. I received no new information by his
restatement of the same fact. So far as this in-
formation is concerned, however, it rests upon the
report made by the Secretary of the Senate. I
have not, of course, searched the records of the
Senate to see whether it be correct or not. I as-
sume it to be so; but I do say, if it be equitable to
receive it under the same law in 1845, it would be
also equitable to receive it under the same law m
1841. The law being the same in both cases, I
should suppose the payment would be the same
in both cases.
Mr. HALE. I hope the Senate will not put
themselves in the position of backing out of a
unanimous resolution of the Senate. I should be
opposed to the construction which is proposed to
be given to this resolution; but inasmuch as the
Senate, by unanimous consent, received the res-
olution, made no objection to it, and it was read
three times, it must be taken as the deliberate ac-
tion of the Senate. In relation to this widow of
Dr. Linn, she has gone away reposing on the
faith of the Senate. It seems to me it would look
like trifling for the Senate to back out when it
came to paying over the money which thc£ had by
a unanimous vote ordered to be paid. It would bo
very easy to pass an act forbidding any appropri-
ation of this sort hereafter. It seems to me it
would be a trifling on the part of the Senate with
thu widow of the deceased Senator, for the Sen-
ate one day deliberately, and by unanimous vote,
to order a sum of money, amounting, I believe,
to less than three thousand dollars, to be paid to
her, and not a word of complaint made until the
call is made for the i\ioney, and then the Senate
have their constitutional scruples raised and their
consciences enlightened. It would seem to me
very much like the action of some subscribers to
books. They very readily subscribe for a pretty
illustrated book and agree to take it, and when the
collector comes around to ask them for the pay,
they alter their minds; when the money is called
for they conclude not to pay. I hope the Senate
will not put themselves in any such position.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I simply want to say one
word in reply, which, I think, is a perfcct.answer.
I was in favor of this resolution, but it was under
an entire misapprehension of the facts. When we
ascertain that we have passed a resolution under
a misapprehension of facts, which never would
have passed otherwise, we should retrace our
steps.
Mr. HALE. I do not think we ought to plead
ignorance when our own records contain all the
facts. Our own records contain the whole facts,
and we know everything about it, or ought to
know it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. There is another reason
that ought to be quite influential with the Senate
in the decision of this case. That resolution di-
rected the money appropriated by the resolution
to be paid out of the contingent fund. It would
have been paid on the next day, or on that day, if
it had not happened that the contingent fund was
exhausted. That was the information given upon
application to the Secretary, or those who act for
him here. That which is most influential with*
me, however, is this: this resolution gave such
assurance for the money that the party in whose
favor it was made Had actually negotiated itfor
the money, and a portion of it is spent, and she,
perhaps, incapable of restoring it. If we now
agree to the proposition of the Committee on Fi-
nance, what sortof bounty will this turn outto be?
She has received the money, and spent a portion
of it, and cannot return it. She is liable to be sued
for it, and the result of your proposed bounty may
be a lawsuit against this widow. Under these
circumstances, I think we had better insistonour
amendment. It is necessary, in order that other
persons, who have advanced the money, should
be paid. If we now agree to recede, we shall be
doing an actual injury where we intended a ben-
efit. I think the Senate-ought not to recede, what-
ever opinion may now be entertained of the pro-
priety of the resolution originally.
Mr. CAMERON. The argument of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky is one that operates upon my
mind in favor of this amendment. If I had been
present when the resolution was offered, I should
probably have voted against it, because I have
always disapproved of constructive mileage. But
it was passed. I afterwards saw Mrs. Linn, with
whom I am acquainted, and for whose husband I
had great respect. Finding that she was anxious
to leave the city, I offered to advance her the sum
myself on the faith of the Senate, seeing that tho
Senate had passed a resolution directing its pay-
ment out of the contingent fund; but fortunately,
just before I made the offer, she had got the
money from somebody else. The Senator from
Kentucky is, therefore, right in saying that she
has got the money, and expended a portion of it
to pay some debt, for she was in distress. It was
not necessary to put this item in an appropriation
bill; the resolution directed the money to be paid
out of the contingent fund, and the resolution is
still mandatory until you, by an act of the Senate,
change it. The very momentthe Secretary of the
Senate finds himself in funds, unless you rescind
the resolution, he will pay the money. Besides,
I know we shall do this third party, who has ad-
vanced the money, an injustice, because he can
never receive it back, for the lady is unable to
pay it.
M/. POLK. Like the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, I myself was not here when this resolution
was passed; I returned to the city shortly after it
had been passed; and I know the fact that Mrs.Linn
was very anxious to, and undoubtedly did, suc-
ceed m doing what the Senator from Pennsylvania
has justsuggested; she was very anxious to realize
upon this resolution, and no doubt has done so.
I think, therefore, that the question stands now
on an entirely different footing than it did stand
on at the time the resolution was before the Sen-
ate. The rights of other parties are now involved.
I shall not go into the propriety of making the
payment in the first instance; but I think, in the
position in which the case now stands, it is emi-
nently proper that the payment should be made,
and that we should not recede from the amend-
ment that was made to this appropriation bill. It-
may be said that persons who have thus become
involved ought not to have done it; that they
ought to have been more careful, and ought to
have held off; but the Senator who has just ad-
dressed the Senate has stated to us that he him-
self told Mrs. Linn that he would advance the
money, but fortunately something transpired that
rendered it unnecessary, and he did not do it.
Wh y was he willing to do it? Because he relied
on the resolution passed by the Senate. The Sen-
ator himself would have done it; others have
done it, as he has reason to believe and has stated.
I think, therefore, it is no longer a question whether
it was right in the*first instance for the Senate to
pass the resolution. The question is,havingpassed
the resolution, is it flight that the Senate should
stand up to it, when they do no injustice to any
individual by it, and when they give to this lady
only what has been taken by others heretofore
under the same law, though not for the same
session. Under the same law others have received
payment at different sessions. The only question
is,'whether, the law remaining the same, and the
Senate having passed the resolution,"there is any
great injustice which will justify the Senate in re-
