1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
263
spirit? I have abundant material which I will
publish which will show that so far from the
moral and patriotic sentiment of the country rising
up and trampling under foot this atrocious ag-
gression, the northern country have united in
doing the man honor, by the ringing of bells, by
indulging in lectures ana sermons on the subject,
by large assemblages of people, and by running
a parallel between John Brown and Christ, in
which he was placed higher than Christ himself.
"The Execution and its Effects.—The manner in
which popular feeling lias manifested itself at the North
with regard to Biown's execution, proves the wisdom of
his own remark, when lie said he could in 110 way so well
serve the cause he had at heart as by hanging for it. We
do not so much allude to the outward mamiestations of
respect for his name and memory—the devotion ot the hour
of his death to prayer in a gieat number of churches, the
tolling of bells in many towns, the firing of minute-guns
m others—though these have, in themselves, a marked sig-
nificance—as to the pity which every one whose pity is
worth having, has openly expressed for the old man's fate,
the sympathy winch almost every onu seemed glad to avow
for his simple and manly virtue?, and the silence with
which, for the sake of tlio.se vntues the faults and lollies*
ot a wild and wayward life have been covered almost by
the whole community.
"The death ot a criminal on the gallows, of whom half
tlic nation speaks tendeily, and whose last hours the piayer.-.
and fastings ol many thousands of sincere religious men
have sought to hallow, is certainly not an incident to be
dismissed with ncwspapei paragraphs.
uHe has been dismissed tiom the bar, with his judgment
indeed impeached, but with no weightier condemnation of
his acts than that they were marked by folly. J n war all
i« folly which does not succeed: the rule is harsh, perhaps,
hut necessary. Napoleon said Leonidas was no doubt a
very fine fellow, but'he let himself be turned at Ther-
mopylae' Virginia, to he sure, thinks Brown more a knave
than fool; but in this matter the Virginians bear much the
same relation to him, in the eyes of the world at large, that
Frauds Joseph bears to Kossuth. A large pat t of the civ-
ilised public will,as a laige paitof the world does ahondy.
lay on Ins lomb the honois of martyrdom, and while those
honors mnam there, his memoiy will he 111010 temhle to
fclavelioldeisthart Ins In ing presence could evci have been ;
because ltwill bung icnuits to hisc.m>o who would uovoi
have served undei his banner while he was wielding cantal
weapons.
" ir'all these be facts, thev aic no doubt unpleasant facts
for every one who has the future welfare of lus countiy at
heart to contemplate. But that is ceitamly not a leason
for trying to hide.
'• It is, theiefore, we think, a sign, not of national de-
cline, but of growth in all the real element of national
greatness that son owing hundreds of thousands should have
been found to overlook this man's errors in admiration loi
his heroism, for his fortitude, and for his hatred of oppres-
sion. ft is to such qualities u<6 these, and not a holy horror
ol mere disorder, that we owe oui existence as a nation ;
and when the day comes in winch 110 man will bo tound
in Ameiica to ciy hiavo! when he sees them, our final ex-
tinction will not be veiy lar distant.5'—New York Bienine,
J?osty (Republican^) Dcccmhcr 3.
The following arc extracts from a villainous
and treasonable discourse recently pronounced in
the Unitarian Church, of Dover, New Hamp-
shire, by flie Rev. Edwin M. Whcclock, to a
large and approving congregation:
" No, it is not true that the conflict of Harper's Ferry is
the beginning of a civil war. That would belike saying
that the captuie ot Yoiktown was the beginning of the
Revolutionary struggle The meaning of that new sign is
this: Freedom, toi ten years weakly standing on the de-
fensive, and for ten year.:? defeated, has now become the
assailant, and baa now gamed the victory. The Bunker
Hill of oui second Revolution lias been fought, and the
second Wairen has paid the glorious iorlcit ot his life.*'
t * *   it an honest expression of the wishes of the
North could be taken to-moirow, John Biown would be
the people's candidate tor the next Presidency, and he
would receive a million vote?." * * A "Editois
and politicians call Biown mad—and so he is to them ; for
he has builded his manly life of more than three-scoic
yeais upon the faith and fear of God—athingwhieh editor
and politicians, from the tune ol Chust till now, have al-
ways counted as full proof of insanity. One such man
makes total depravity impossible, and proves that Ameri-
can greatness died not with Washington. The gallows
from which he ascends into Heaven will be 111 our politics i
what the cross is in our lelimon—the sign and sjmbol of
supreme self-devotcdness; and from his sacnncial blood
the temporal salvation of foui millions of people fhall yet
spring. On the t-econd day of December he is to bo stian-
gled ma southern pnson "lor obeying the Kermonon the
Mount. But to be hamred 111 Virginia Is like being ciuci-
fied in Jerusalem—it is the last tribute which sin pays to
viituc." _
Boston, Dccembci 12, 1859
Sir: In the Now Yock Herald of the bth instant you
are reported as having spoken in the United States Senate
Chamber 011 the preceding day, as follows •
"He [Mi. Fessendek] represented the public sentiment
of his State, and be had not met the first man of any paity
or sect who had not denounced the act of Brown and his
associates as criminal in the highest degiec, and deserving
of death ; and this, ho ventured to asseit. was the almost
universal sentiment of the people of the free States, lie
made these remarks to show he was not to be put upon the
defensive about this matter."
Now, sir, presuming that you have been coriectly ie-
ported, I ask, how can you make such a statement as the
above in the face and eyes of the real facts ? Can you name
the first individual member of your Black Republican paity
in New England who has ever denounced the act of John
Brown as " deserving death ?" If so, I challenge you to
give it to the public, in this Commonwealth of Massachu-
setts, I further challenge you to name the first newspaper
of your party (the Boston Journal excepted) which has ever
reprobated iiis crime. That paper did, on a single occasion,
declare his course to be " bad—nothing hut bad ;"but, after
being taunted therefor by the Boston Atlas and Bee, the ac-
credited organ of Governor Banks was compelled to take
back what it had said, and now declares that tlie punishment
of Brown will be a k blot upon the escutcheon of Virginia!5
Do you not, sir, take the Journal and read it daily as regularly
as you take your breakfast. Have you not pei used, in your
copy ot the Boston Journal,the report of the prayer ofltev.
Rollm II. Neale, pastor of one of the laigest Baptist soci-
eties in this city, at the John Biown sympathy meeting held
in Tremont Temple, where some two thousand of your
brother Black Republicans had assembled ? Have you never
read this, sir? ^
" We pi ay, oh God, that Thou wilt be with us on the
present occasion; guide us in the proceedings of the pres-
ent meeting. We pi ay especially for him who has so ex-
tensively excited the public sympathy and approbation. We'
render thanks to Thee for the noble spu it of generosity and
of fidelity and of biavery which lie has manifested, and his
deep sympathy with the oppressed. We thank Thee that
he is sustained in the present trying hour by a conscious-
ness of having actcd m accordance with his sense of obli-
gation to God> and we pray thathe may be sustained to the
last. Mnyhe enjoy the lightof Thy presence and Thy sus-
taining power, and a hope full of lnnnoitality, looking for-
ward to a world whet e there is no sin, no sufiering, no op-
pression of any kind."
Again, have vou never road the language used at the
same meeting by Bcv. J. M. Manning, assistant pastor of
the   Old South," the oldest, largest, and most influential
Oithodox Congregational Society in this city? It was re-
poitcd m the same papei, as follows:
£< X could not have advised him (Brown) to it, and yet,
now that the event has taken place, X stand before it won-
dering and admiring, [applause,] remembering that it is
something which he has been 1 evolving in his mind for
years, until his soul has become possessed with this idea,
lie says he is not insane. I believe he is a good man, and
has been doing that which lie thought was light; anil the
only explanation which r can give now is, that he has been
the instrument of Piovidonce in this. The distinguished
speaker who is to lollow me (Ralph Waldo Emerson) would
call it destiny ; i should pietor to call it God, my Heavenly
Fatliei, who ha- used this man. John Brown, as his swotd
to inflict a wound on the slave power. Whatevoi we may
say ot it, he has been posseted by somchtghei powei than
man's powci <\s I view it, he is God's linger going foith
111 the lulls ot the gieat modem Bclshazzar, and writing over
against the wall those mysterious and appalling word* at
which the monaieh tumbles and turns pale on his throne."
To Hon William P. Fessenden,
Senator from the State of Maine.
As said Senator Hamlin, so said Senator
Wade, of Ohio. He said:
" And hero 1 will say before I pass from this bmnch of
the subject, that m my intercourse with all the people who
knew o.'d John Brown, in my interconise with all t/ic men
who have sympathized with him in his last trial,! have
never \et heaid of a man, woman, 01 child, that stood lot th
as a pisHticr ol his raid upon Vnginia. If the people sym-
pathized with a lelon upon the gallows, anybody would
know without mquin that it was" 110 oulmaty case, our
people do not sympathize w ith cume; but they do feel
those emotions which ate elicited by those traits of heio-
ism that chaiaeteri/.ed tins leadci during the whole course
of his lite, and shone most conspicuously 111 his death."
One of the most alarming evidences of the de-
morolization of public sentiment is the higher law
doctrmc of Mr. Seward. The influence of his
name is spreading the fatal heresy. Virginia is
wrong for executing John Brown, because lie
thought ho was right, although Virginia denounced
his act as wrong:
"Mi Phillip* if the audience request an<msvvcr, my
answer is this: So God made lnm when he made him a
man. Evoiy human being is bound to judge the riehtoous-
ncs of a law beioie ho obejs it [Applause.] If his eon-
science tells him it is unrighteous, he has 110 light to obey
it. [A Voice, llow nit with a criminal?] John Brown had
a rightto ludge of the slave laws of Virginia on this pecount.
a Mi. Cheever. Two hundred ycais ago, after the com-
pleted action of Oliver Cromwell and the lcgieides, John
Milton took his pnn? and in his work on the Tenure of
lvincs and Magistiatcs, pioved that it is lawful and light to
call "jo account a tyrant or a wicked king, and to put linn to
death. On the same ptinciple,bntwith still greater power
ot demoristiauoii, would John Milton have apptoved John
Biown'* efibit to deliver an enslaved racc in these United
States fi 0111 the cruelty of a tyrannical and wicked Gov-
ernment. [Applause and hisses /or some time.]
Under the Constitution of the United States, and by the
woul of God, John Brown had a perfect right to pioclaiin
liberty to the enslaved and to labor for their deliverance.
[Loud applause and hi>-c^ ] If the Constitution had for-
bidden bun to do this, while the word of God commanded
him, then he would have, been bound to obey the woid of
God. anything in th- Constitution to the contrary notwith-
standing. [Henev. ed applause and hisses.] But there is
nothing m the Constitution requiring John Brown, or any
other man, to defend slavery or not to oppose it. [Applause
and his.se-.]
p« The police here put out a man who was disuubingthe
lll'-etniif.]
k* Mr. Cheever continued: If God's word required him to
oppo-o it, he could commit no treason against the Consti-
tution or against the countiy by obeying God. It was John
Browifs natural right to protest agaiiist slaveiy, and in4
every pist and righteous way to put that protest into action;
[disturbance;] and anv State establishing slavery In /aw,
though God has fotbidden it, and foibidding such a piotea
by law, though God has required it, [disturbance,] instantly
makes such a protest not only right, but a*duty, and doubly
both.
" I stand here to-night to vindicate the majesty and su-
premacy of God's law over man's; to say that man's law, if
against God's, has no authority, but on the contrary, you
and I, and the whole country, are forbidden to obey it.
Such obedience would be treason both against God and the
Constitution, which not only does not profess to lay upoji
us anv obligation contrary to natural and divine law and
right,"but recognizes such natural and divine right as the
supreme law. [Hisses.] Freedom, equity, mid the most
perfcct justice are declared to be the objects of our Consti-
tution, and any law that contradicts and renders impossible
its object and spirit is null and void, both in itself and be-
cause it is unconstitutional. [< Amen,'and hisses.] John
Brown was indicted for treason ancl murder, neither of
which crimes was proven against him, and of neither of
which was he guilty. He did not intend, either directly or
indncctly, but simply intended to give liberty to as many of
the enslaved as possible, and without insurrection or the
shedding of blood. The insurrection was on the part of the
slaveholder and the slaveholding government in defense of
the unrighteous claim of property in man.
" Mi. Phillips. 1 do not couple John Brown and Joseph
Warren—not a hit of it. Joseph Warren sits to-day in that
heaven where both live, and is not tall enough to touch the
hem of the gaiment of John Brown, of Harper's Ferry. [Ap-
plause and hisses.] Joseph Warren was an honest man;
Joseph Warren was a patriot; he was a brave soul; he was
an honest citizen; but John Brown was more than that.
[A voice : ' You ain't.'] It is no matter what I am; not
the least bit; I am utterly indiffeient to what you may say;
1 sny Joseph Wairen died for himself; he died for the
whites; lie died in arms for his own country and his own
law. Joseph Warren was only a soldier—nothing more. If
John Biown had been shot at the door of that armory, the
woi id never would have known that he was anything more
than Joseph Wairen; but God, in his providence, said to
the old man,' Comeuphigliei; I'll melt a million of hearts
by that old Puritan soul of thine.' [Great hissing, mingled
with applause."]
Under such atrocious doctrines, if controlling,
no Government could stand; all would be anarchy
and disorder.
And who is John Brown, to whom such ex-
traordinary ovations are paid? A murderer and
a robber. It is not long since he sold, at public
outcry, at Cleveland, Ohio, a number of horses,
which, as I see from the papers, he announced to
be those of which he had yobbed the Missourians;
and such was the state of public sentiment, that
the announcement rather enhanced than dimin-
ished the sale. Some diversity of statement has
been attempted about the atrocious murders im-
puted to him, but some recent revelations mark
him as the cold-blooded, heartless murderer, with-
out a single doubt.
The Cincinnati Gazette publishes the following
extract from the Kansas correspondence of the
Indianapolis Journal. ltwill attract attention as
associating the late John Brown with an atrocious
act in Kansas, concerning which there has re-
cently been some controversy in a portion of the
public press:
Lawrence, Kansas, December 17,1859.
A "John Blown" anti-slaveiy meeting was held in Law-
icnce last evening, December 16.
After some of the speakers had lauded Brown as a sec-
ond Jesus, and one of them alluded to the Pottawatomie
massacre, which had been laid at John's door,
Mr. Stevens said he did not believe John Brown had
anything to do with it; but there was a gentleman present
who could testify to that fact. "Name himu Name
him I" several cued out. " It is Captain Walker," [now
sheriff of Douglas_county, and one of the bravest ot the
fioe-ritate leaders.J
Captam "VVaikcrrose. and said: " Gentlemen,there is
use in keeping back the truth or peivcrtmg facts. John
Brown told me himself that he was present at the murder
of those men on Pottawatomie deck." [This startled like
a thunder clap the defetideis of old Brown.] He proceeded:
111 am ic-ady to take an oath that John Brown made such
a statement to me. I know more about this matter than I
can state, especially a* it would implicate actors in that
muider some persons now in this 100m. John Brown had
those men 111 his power, and he could have kept them
pn-oners. For himself, he never could justify taking a
man pn-onAr, and then deliberately cutting his throat. Old
Titus whom he took prisoner, had threatened to cut his
throat, hnd in.-mltcd his wife and threatened her life, yet he
novci felt justified m taking his life when his prisoner."
Governor Chailes Robinson also said that he believed
John Biown had acknowledged to him he was piesent and
approved of the killing of those men 011 Pottawatomie crofck
lie had not, and could not, justify the excesses committed
by fiee-Statc men after they had the civil power 111 their
hands.
Dr. Adair, a nephew of John Biown, was questioned m
refeienee to John Biowrt's connection with the Pottawat-
omie massacre. lie said John Brown had told him that he
was present at the killing of those men. But there were
palliating cncumstanoes connected with if.
I may add that tiiero is no question whatever, from what
T have iieaid from persons who know the facts, that John
Brown plapncd and carried out that massacrc. The facts
come to me from men who stand among the most truthful
of any in Kansas, The truth is, the less .Republicans lionizo
old Brown the better. KANSAS.
Well, Mr. Clerk and gentlemen, may I not be
cxcuscd for a rapid resume of the main history to
which it has been my object to invite attention.
